 (To follow this story better, do yourself a favor and read "A Nude Business Ethic" first.) 

As I finish reapplying my make-up, I look at my co-workers next to me in the Ladies Room. We are lined up before the mirror with a dressing table at cunt level, all naked save for our stockings, shoes and make-up. The new dress code for the office has been accepted without complaints. Isobel, the petite brunette with large soft breasts, in charge of Pussy Notice, runs her fingers across her V-shaped pubic before a finger disappears between her pussylips. I can see her pierced lip-ring glistening with juices. It will be up to us to sell our new look to Ms Anderson, the first client with an appointment for today. 

Maureen, the Pussy Wetting (production) manager, a true redhead, has a dreamy look in her eyes. She has a tough time applying lipstick to her smiling red lips. The daisy chain with the other two must have given her a lot of pleasure. I've never seen such a serene look on her face. 

Prudence, the secretary of The Pussy Power Company, with the body of a porn star and the brains of a fish, walks up to me. We stand nipple-to-nipple, face-to-face. She leans forward and whispers in my ear:

"She is mine, Jo-Ann. You leave her alone." She must have seen me eating Victoria's pussy, the new owner of Pussy Power, and a lingerie company. 

I don't take too kindly to threats. I retaliate by cupping my hand over her shaven mound, inserting two fingers in her still dripping pussy. Pushing my tits flat against hers, I answer softly in her ear:

"She's the boss and she'll fuck whoever she wants." I twist my fingers deep in her cunt and rub the palm of my hand over her clit. "Ever since I met you, I wanted to make love to you." I stick my wet tongue into her ear and feel her squirm. "Don't spoil my passion for you with jealousy." 

I push her shapely buttocks against the dressing table, straddling her leg, thereby trapping my hand against her pussy. My rock hard nipples rub across her erect nubs. Riding my bare pussy over her stocking-clad leg, I wipe my pussy juice on the company's product. If it doesn't leave a mark, we have a winner. I feel her relax as she brings her hands to my face and then kisses me softly on the mouth. She glides her tongue over my lips to gain access to my mouth. As I try to catch my breath, she darts her tongue deep into my mouth. Sucking on her tongue and finger fucking her pussy, I am making good on my fantasy of fucking Prudence. 

"I don't want to be a party pooper, you two love birds," I hear Maureen trying to break up our wrestling love match. "Ms Anderson will be here in a minute." 

Stepping back, I pop my fingers from her vagina, and stick it into her mouth. She greedily licks her own cunt juices off. 

"Friends?" I plead. There is no trace of my wet cunt juices on her stockings. 

"Lovers?"

"Of course." We embrace before we all move out the door. I am happy with the outcome of the little confrontation. As Pussy Licking manager, I have to keep everybody happy. I hope to make the other two my lovers as well. As I was the first to pleasure Victoria, I sensed the green monster rearing its ugly head. Hopefully, my little demonstration in the Ladies Room convinced the others of my wanton lust for them all. I quickly tie my thick long, blond hair behind my head. I don't want to hide my nudity from Ms Anderson.

We move to our glass walled offices. I quickly catch up with Isobel, before her naked buttocks disappear into her office.

"Isobel, my dear. Wait up." In her office, I make myself at home in her soft couch. The warm color scheme of the office matches her brown hair and her strong character, making me feel at home. I sprawl my long tanned legs in front of me, giving a clear view to Isobel of my smooth pussy. She takes her seat behind the desk.

"Will you bring her to my office? I am not sure I can face her naked, yet," asks Isobel. "I don't know if I can sell anything naked." 

"Of course you can. We're selling sex and the best way to do it is naked." I wouldn't want to miss seeing Ms Anderson's face when she realizes that we're all naked. 

"Would you model some of Pussy Power's latest creations for her?" 

"Why don't we get her naked to fit it on herself?" I ask. The ring of the door chime cuts her answer off. I quickly move to reception to open the door for Ms Anderson. Prudence is behind the tall counter, invisible to anyone at the door. Ms Anderson, dressed in an expensive blue designer's dress, looks very sexy for a forty-something woman. A lot of money, hard work and a too strict diet keep her in shape. I wonder how she looks naked. As she enters, she is too busy putting her keys in her bag to notice me at first.

Then, realizing my state of undress, she stops. Her gaze follows my flesh colored stockings to the top of my naked thighs, over my clean shaven pussy, hesitating a moment to take in my protruding clit, before it moves over my flat tummy, my 36C breasts to halt on my face;

"Good God, Jo-Ann!" Her knees buckle. "You're naked!" Then she collapses into my arms. 

"Prudence," I shout. "Come help me." We quickly carry Ms Anderson to Isobel's office and lower her on the couch. Isobel looks concerned and dithers over the prone woman.

"That's why I didn't want to see her first," says a shaky Isobel, dabbing a wet cloth on Ms Anderson's face. Ms Anderson groans, her eyes flutter open and sees the naked Isobel on her knees, next to the couch.

"Amanda Anderson," I say sternly. "Before you faint again, you're not dreaming. We are all naked." I am behind Isobel, my hand resting on her naked shoulder. I bet Amanda Anderson has a sexy view of my pussy. I continue:

"We are celebrating National Nude Day and this is our new office uniform. We are here to serve you. So please, enjoy the spectacle." 

"Thank you, my dear," comes her weak response. It must be her diet. She is not getting enough calories. 

"Prudence, be a dear and order a Cajun Chicken Salad for Ms Anderson," I command. "Remember to take the order in your new uniform."

By now, Isobel is comfortable in her nakedness and sits next to Ms Anderson, taking her hand. "You are punishing yourself too much with all this restrictive clothes. What do you say, Jo-Ann, shouldn't we help Ms Anderson get rid of it?" She immediately starts to unbutton Amanda Anderson's dress. Good, the real Isobel, champion salesperson of the year, is in charge. I hurry to get our latest products from the stores.

By the time I return, Ms Anderson is naked and like putty in Isobel's hands. Amanda has small breasts, a flat tummy and sinewy muscled legs. I can see a few ribs beneath her skin. The dark bush between her legs is the only untidy item on her person. Not for long. Isobel already has her clippers and shaving kit out. She reassures Ms Anderson as she clips the pubic hair off to reveal a neglected pussy.

"My dear Ms Anderson," says Isobel unemotionally, as if she doing her nails. "Why are you so bushy down here? Don't you like your pussy? Every woman should be proud of her cunt and take care of it." Ms Anderson is slouching on the couch, her legs wide open, trusting another woman between her legs with a shaving kit. Shaking with passion, she is unable to answer. 

Isobel applies the lather over the entire area and carefully shaves the pubes and anus of a very rich client of Pussy Power. We must incorporate the denuding of pussies to our client service. I will discuss this at our next meeting.

Isobel sits back, wiping the last foam from a naked vulva, inspecting her handiwork. I can see moisture seeping through our client's crinkled pussy lips. Ms Anderson's hands grab Isobel by the hair and push her face into her aching cunt. Fortunately, the manager of Pussy Notice is quick to respond. Circling her arms underneath Amanda Anderson's legs, Isobel reaches up to grab hold of Amanda's small tits. This action forces Amanda's legs up in the air, giving Isobel unrestricted access to the newly shaved pussy. 

I must say, Isobel looks like a good pussy licker. I'm impressed that she doesn't attack the vulva like a kamikaze pilot, slobbering all over the show. I can see her licking around the outer lips before she delicately nibbles on Amanda's clit. Using her tongue to part the crinkled lips like Moses did with the Red Sea, Isobel gains access to a neglected pleasure hole. What a damn shame. This woman starves herself to be acceptable to her husband, but he is more interested in making money or in sport, leaving another unfulfilled wife. 

Isobel's attention to our client's genitals has my pussy juices flowing. Women are not supposed to be visually stimulated, but what a lot of Freudian psychobabble. When we see someone receiving pleasure, we are also stimulated. I drop to my knees behind Isobel. Touching her wet pussy sends shivers down my spine. I play with her lip-ring and find that my fingers are on fire with the heat from her sex. I circle her vagina entrance with my middle finger and slowly insert it into her cunt. She pushes her ass back at my hand, looking for a cock. 

"In the top drawer," mumbles Isobel into the wet pussy of Amanda. In a flash, I open the desk drawer and find a strap-on dildo. More surprises from this stranger I've known for a few years. Puzzling to fit the contraption on, I eventually figured it out. The one end goes in my pussy with a clit stimulator, the other, thicker end into Isobel's pussy. The plastic cock is about 8 inches long and about five inches in circumference. Kneeling behind her, I slowly move my hips forward, pushing my "cock" into Isobel's pussy. With every push, my clit and vagina get stimulated too. I grab hold of her hip with my left hand and sneak my right arm over her belly to work on her clit. 

Soon we have the right rhythm going, Isobel eating cunt and I fucking her from behind. It isn't long before our pleasures build to a point of no return. Isobel doesn't miss a beat with the attention she's giving Amanda Anderson. Our moans reach a crescendo and explode into orgasmic bliss. I feel the power a man must experience, as I enter another woman's pussy with my fake cock, and at the same time feel like I'm fucking myself with the dildo stimulating my cunt and clit. 

As my cunt muscles contract around the dildo, Isobel shudders ripple through to my hand on her clitoris. I lean forward, bending over her back with my left hand playing with her swinging breasts. Ms Amanda Anderson is the first to climax, a big one after so many years of being ignored. The life juices flowing from her pussy trigger Isobel's orgasm. Her shaking movements put too much pressure on my own pleasure zones. In no time, I have a mind-blowing orgasm, my first big one for the day. 

As I withdraw, I collapse on Isobel with my face close to Amanda's exposed cunt, dripping with nectar. She has a beautiful mound, with delicate, now puffy lips and pink interior. No woman should hide such beauty beneath a jungle of tangled hair. It is only midmorning on the first day of being naked on the job and already my attitude towards fucking and our female beauty has changed. Just goes to show that sex is more that genitals. It is all about how you function inside. 

Taking a lap of Ms Anderson's sex juice, I get up to serve her a healthy chicken salad Prudence has in her hand, standing by the door. I quickly remove the strap-on, throw it back into the drawer and thank Prudence for the food.

"What did he say?" 

"Who?"

"The delivery man."

"About what?"

"Your state of dress."

"Oh. He was pleased. Actually, we have a date."

"Good for you." Looking back at Ms Anderson, I need to get things moving. 

"Ms Anderson." 

"Call me Mandy. We are already intimate enough for that, I suppose." 

"Thanks. By the way, why did you keep your maiden name?" I want to know

"I wanted to stay independent. Dear God, what a fool I have been. I never was independent until you two showed me what freedom really is." She starts to put on her undies.

"No, wait." Isobel has seen the gab and is now the professional salesperson. "Why don't you try some of our new lingerie?"

Realizing that she has everything under control, I excuse myself and wobbly retreat to my glass corner, walking past Victoria's glass office. She calls me in. 

"How is Ms Anderson? Will she buy?" Victoria sits like a naked queen behind her desk, showing off her full milky boobs. Still weak in the knees after my massive orgasm, I cannot face another pussy for at least sixty minutes. Or maybe less. 

"I think we liberated a very repressed woman. Thanks to you."

"I told you this would change the way we do business." Victoria gets up from behind her desk, glides to a couch and picks up her discarded jacket. She hands it to me. She removes a pair of black stocking s form her desk drawer and gives it to me.

"Put these on." I quickly remove my flesh colored stockings and put the new pair on. Victoria continues to give me instructions. "You have to go downtown to our lawyers. The CEO is an old friend of mine. Give her this." She hands me a black leather briefcase. "It just papers about Pussy Power. We're playing in the big league now."

I put on the jacket. It is too short, my pussy and bottom stick out and my breasts are straining at the material. 

"I know. Your jackets will arrive at five, but you need to get this over there as soon as possible. Their limo is waiting outside." She kisses me on the lips. "Go get them, Pussy Power."

As I turn to leave, she gives me a hard smack on my behind. I yelp, more of surprise than pain. The sting on my buttock warms me up, preparing me for my forthcoming exposed ordeal. I take a deep breath and walk out the door. Passing Prudence, I wave at her:

"Wish me luck."

At the entrance is a stretched limo, with a handsome young man in a dark blue suit, waiting at the door. He sees me and rushes over to take my hand. A gust of wind blows my long blond hair into my face and I snap up my hand to prevent my hair to getting entangled. I realize too late that this action will now expose my pussy in all her glory to every passerby in the street. And of course, to my escort. He suddenly stops, does a double take at my naked pussy and my exposed breasts. All I can hope is that his erection isn't too constricted in his trousers.

I whisk past him to the car, leaving him flabbergasted. I open the door myself and bend down to get in, pausing to give him another good look at my slit and bumhole. I feel the wetness creeping down my vagina, wetting my lips. I sit down on the leather seat, crossing my legs. The jacket is bunched up around my hips and I can feel my cunt juices wetting the seat. 

"Are you going to stand there with that hard-on or will you be joining me soon?" I shout at the poor bastard. Coming to pick up a woman from a lingerie company, he must have wished for a peek at a formfitting bra or an exposed thigh. What he didn't expect was a full-on show of a leaking pussy. With all the naked women I saw today and all the cunts I've licked, I'm suddenly confronted with reality. There are still men with dicks in this world. I might as well make use of it.

He takes a seat opposite me squirming around to find a comfortable lay for his cock. We're on the move. 

"What's your name?"

"James."

"Hi James. I'm Jo-Ann. Please, take it out."

"What?"

"It will be more comfortable."

"Ugh?" Not very bright, just like Prudence.

"You've seen mine, now show me yours."

He is about twenty, full of testosterone but he hasn't a clue how to use his sex-drive to pleasure a woman. 

"Come on. Don't be shy." Reluctantly, he unzip his pants and fish out his monster of an uncircumcised cock. 

"Play with it."

"What?" He must be deaf.

"Wank for me!"

"Open your legs, then." At last, some sign of intelligence. I unbutton my jacket, throw it open and uncross my legs. 

"Wider."

I use the seat on his side as stirrups and splay my legs wide open, over his legs. My dripping naked pussy is a few inches from his cock. He reaches out to touch my cunt. I slap his hand away.

"No touching. Now, make yourself come."

Gabbing his cock, he uses the skin over his gland to ease into his self-pleasure. Slowly his hand moves up and down his shaft, his eyes staring at my exposed pussy. His hand speed increases up and down his cock.

"Pull the skin away." He stops and pulls the foreskin off his cockhead. It is a beautiful purple helmet, already wet with precum. 

"Glide your hand over the head. What do you feel?"

"Pleasure." All the while, his eyes are still fixed on my cunt. He licks his lips and increases the speed of his hand sliding down his dick. I wonder if this is the way people test boys for hand-eye co-ordination.

He closes his eye momentarily, as a sign of bliss, as if he wants to burn the image of my cunt into his brain for future references. More fluids seep out of his pee-hole. My own fluids are gushing from my hole at the sight of a man pleasuring himself for my entertainment. Of course, he will also eventually come. Not too soon, I hope.

"Don't come yet. Use your pc muscle to lock it off."

"Oh fuck. I can't hold back anymore. I'm comingggg." The first glob lands on my pussy, the second charge on my tits and the rest on his trousers. Scooping up the milky white goo from my body, I taste his seed. It is kind of salty with a hint of iron.


The car slows down. We must be at the offices. James quickly stashes his shrinking manhood in his trousers and tries to remove the white blobs. I fish out a Kleenex, wipe the cum from my body and help him with the wet stains. The car stops next to a tall building. 

James gets out. He stretches out his hand to me as I button up my jacket. He quickly takes me to the elevator and whoosh we're traveling alone to the top floor. The stains on poor James's trousers are clearly visible. I decide to help the poor man. Who knows, he might be a useful ally in this camp. I take off my jacket, hand it to him to fold over his arm and to cover the offensive marks of his pleasure. 

Now, I'm naked, except for my black stockings, shoes and my make-up, ready to sell Pussy Power to a bunch of lawyers. The doors open, I take a deep breath, hook my right arm into his and whisper:

"I want my jacket back, afterwards." Then in a loud enough voice for everyone in the foyer to hear, I say: "Lead on, Tiger." 

Clasping the briefcase in my left hand, I take my first naked step into the mouth of the lion. Down the gauntlet we walk, with piercing eyes inspecting every exposed piece of flesh of my body. I am aware of the men staring at my tits and cunt, and the women looking at the stockings. I detect a hint of admiration from the women. 

Here is someone who takes pleasure from the looks of the men without feeling cheep. 

I feel like a goddess and not like a street whore. I have the power to turn men and women on in an instant. Hopefully, the men will occupy the toilets to jerk-off, remembering my naked pussy moving between my shapely legs, causing my pert little bottom to send erotic messages to every red-blooded person in the room.

James leads me to a large door with a sign "Catherine Hart, CEO". Before James knocks on the door, I turn around, ready to throw in some sales talk:

"These stockings and other sexy lingerie are available at Pussy Power. I hope to see you all soon." Without another backward glance, I enter into Catherine's office to hand her a briefcase. 

 (Thank you for all the feedback and encouragement. I hope you enjoyed this adventure of Jo-Ann. Please let me know.) 