 "God, I've got to pee," Dina Nouri said. "Find a bathroom with me."

"You don't need me to help you find a bathroom," Jennifer Gordon said. "You haven't had that many rum and cokes."

"I might. This house is even bigger than mine. Besides we can share a smoke and you can tell me more about what happened at the doctor's office."

"I already told you everything," Jennifer said as they checked the bathrooms that were in the hallways downstairs. Each was occupied and had a line of people waiting outside. 

"My God," Dina said as she hopped up and down. "If I don't find a place to squat soon, I'm going to pee in my shorts."

"Hmm," Jennifer teased. "That sounds kind of sexy."

"Good God you're a sick kinky bitch," Dina said to her best friend. 

Acting surprised, Jennifer said, "What? You mean they don't get off on that in Iran?"

"How the fuck should I know?" Dina said. "We left Iran when I was two."

"Well, you know, being Iranian, you should know what they get off on there."

"I've told you a thousand times, Gordon. I'm not Iranian. I'm Persian."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Jennifer said. "Same fucking difference, Nouri."

"Shit!" Dina said, ignoring the good natured argument she'd had over and over again with Jennifer over the course of the ten years they'd known each other. "I'm really going to have pee running down my leg any minute now."

"Fuck it," Jennifer said. Even though she really would get a kinky kick out of seeing Dina pee in her shorts. "Let's go upstairs and you can use the master bathroom."

Squeezing her legs together, Dina said, "You're right. Max can yell about it later. I've got to pee right now."

Other than having trouble walking straight from the amount of rum they'd drunk, they snuck up the stairs without much problem. Maxine Carmichael, the party's host, was adamant that no one was to go in her parents' bedroom, which was upstairs. But, emergencies were emergencies and Dina had to pee bad. At the moment, she'd rather risk listening to Max bitch and complain as walk around with a big wet spot on her shorts the rest of the night.

They made it up the stairs, into the master bedroom, and to the bathroom, without harassment. Not without stumbling, but without harassment. As soon as Dina lifted the toilet lid, she was pushing her shorts down to her ankles, giving Jennifer a perfect view of her small, but round, as well as adorably cute, brown ass. She'd never tell her, but Jennifer secretly liked her best friend's ass and wished her own ass were less prominent. She knew all the guys loved her ass. It was just like her mom's and she'd even heard her dad say they both had asses just like a well shaped black chick. Still, Jennifer wished her ass was more like Dina's or even her sister Alyson whom Jennifer also considered to be a the possessor of a nice ass. 

While all that went through Jennifer's mind, Dina was quickly turning and dropping down onto the toilet seat. Jennifer laughed and lit a cigarette as she heard Dina sigh with relief. Jennifer sucked the smoke deep into her lungs and blew it out, then she handed the cigarette to Dina and laughed again as her friend accepted the cigarette and teasingly opened her legs to let Jennifer have a clear view of the stream of pee steadily flowing down into the toilet bowl. 

Dina knew the girl everyone thought to be the perfectly prim and proper little cheerleader and all state tennis player, was really a perverted little slut at heart; and Dina loved to tease her. She opened her legs a little wider, the pee still flowing but beginning to wind down, and said, "Getting you wet, isn't it?"

Trying to laugh it off, Jennifer said, "Oh, you know it."

"Be good and I'll let you wipe it clean for me when I'm done."

Not backing away, Jennifer said, "Shit. YOU be good and I'll lick it clean for you. And, I won't even wait until you're done."

Dina burst into hysterical laughter and as soon as the flow of urine stopped, she wiped her pussy clean with the soft bathroom tissue. Then she accepted the cigarette back from Jennifer and took a deep drag, sucking the smoke far into her lungs before letting it out. She handed the Camel back to Jennifer for her to finish and said, "Okay. Tell me about the doctor's office. Did your mom really get fucked in the restroom?"

"She had to of," Jennifer said as she finished the cigarette. "The door was locked when I tried to get in, and the noises coming from inside were clearly from two people fucking. When the door finally opened, this male doctor came out. It was obvious that he'd just stuffed his dick back in his pants. I went inside, and one of the stalls was occupied, but there was a purse sitting on the sink counter top. It was Mom's purse. I looked under the stall door and recognized her shoes."

"Fuck me to tears," Dina said. "And you didn't say anything to her?"

Jennifer shook her head and said, "What the fuck was I supposed to say? I just went into the other stall and sat down and pissed. When I got up and came out of the stall, she was gone."

"Cool."

"What do you mean?"

"Come on," Dina said. "You've got to have noticed that your mom has been tense lately. I bet she and your dad aren't fucking."

"I don't know about that," Jennifer said. 

"Yeah you do. We used to always hear them when I stayed over. When's the last time we heard them fuck?"

"A while I guess."

"No guessing to it. It's been a while."

"Still," Jennifer said. "My mom. Getting fucked in the ladies room."

Dina laughed and said, "You act like you thought she was a virgin."

Jennifer rolled her eyes and lit another Camel. She blew out a stream of smoke in Dina's direction and said, "Of course I didn't think she was a virgin, stupid. But, I did think my dad was the only guy she'd ever let fuck her."

Dina shrugged and said, "Well, now you know he's not."

"I guess so."

Just then, Dina glanced at the sink counter. Her mouth fell open, and she exclaimed, "OH MY FUCKING GOD!"

"What is it?" Jennifer said.

Dina leaned her head in the direction of the marble counter top and said, "Look."

After a moment's inspection, Jennifer's eyes fell onto the flat lying mirror with a small pile of white powder on top of it with a gold straw and a gold razor blade next to the pile of powder. "Is that cocaine?"

"It sure as hell ain't sugar," Dina said. 

"Wow!"

"Wow is right," Dina said.

Intrigued by the way it just lay there in the open, Jennifer asked, "Whose do you think it is?"

"Must be Max's mom's, or her dad's."

"Shit. But they're doctors."

Dina shrugged and said, "Doctors are people too."

"I know. Still."

"Yeah," Dina said. "It's kind of a shock."

They both looked at the pile and after a pause, Dina said, "You ever do it?"

"Coke?" Jennifer asked.

"Yeah," Dina said.

"No. I got offered some last summer. But, I didn't do it."

"Really," Dina said. "Where were you at?"

"At a party at some girl's apartment that Taylor Morgan knows."

"You went to a party with Taylor Morgan?"

Jennifer shrugged and said, "Well, we are cheerleaders together. She invited me. You were at the lake with your parents, so I went."

"Wow!" Dina said. "Did Taylor snort any?"

"All fucking night," Jennifer answered. "I'm surprised she didn't go into cardiac arrest at some point."

"Where was this apartment?"

"The same ones where my dad is working now. The ones the Farrells own. Some girl named Laurie and this English chick named Frankie live there."

"Oh that's the girl you were telling me about that's playing tennis for UT-Arlington this year, the one that's ranked like number two or three in the NCAA. You said you met her at a party once."

"That's her," Jennifer said. "I didn't meet the other girl that lives there, but I heard her name all night long, so I remembered that it's Laurie."

"And Taylor was doing all this cocaine?"

"Shit," Jennifer said. "Taylor has a nose like a vacuum cleaner the way she was sucking that stuff up."

"What about that girl Frankie, the tennis star?"

"She was snorting it too," Jennifer said.

"Anybody there that wasn't snorting?"

"I don't think so."

"Except you?" Dina said, doubt still in her voice.

"Well," Jennifer said. "I already told you I didn't snort any."

"You weren't tempted?"

"Oh I was tempted. Taylor scooped some up in her fingernail and held it right up to my nose. All I would have had to have done would have been sniff."

"And you didn't?"

"No," Jennifer said. "I didn't."

"Should I believe that?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because," Jennifer said. "We always told each other we'd never do cocaine."

"Actually," Dina said. "What we always told each other is that we'd never try it unless we were together."

"True," Jennifer said. "And I wasn't with you then."

"True."

"Have you ever tried it?" Jennifer asked.

"Nope," Dina said.

"Why?"

"Because I wasn't with you the night your little cheerleader girlfriend took you to a coke party."

"You mean you would have done it?"

Dina thought for a minute and said, "I don't know. Would you have? If I'd been there I mean?"

"Only if you would have."

"Want to try some now?"

"Yes," Jennifer said. "And, no."

Dina laughed and said. "Yeah, I know what you mean."

"But," Jennifer said. "I'll do it if you do it."

Dina looked at the pile of powder and whispered, "Let's do it."

Jennifer picked up the razor blade and clumsily separated a little bit from the pile and divided the separated amount into two lines. Then she picked up the straw and handed it to Dina. Dina took the straw, looked at the lines, and said, "Do you really want to do this, or are you doing it because you think I want to?"

"Honestly," Jennifer said. "I really want to do it, BUT I'm only doing it because I think you really want to."

Dina laughed.

"Why is that funny?" Jennifer said.

"Because I really want to do it too, BUT I'm only doing it because I think you really want to."

They both laughed and Dina put down the straw. Jennifer hugged her and said, "Let's don't make a mistake."

Dina returned the hug and out of nowhere they were pressing their lips together. They'd kissed before, but that was when they were twelve and practicing for boys. They held the kiss briefly, their lips slightly parting, each of their tongues lightly tracing the other's lips. Before their tongues pressed together in a full fledged French kiss, they pulled apart and looked at each other. Dina spoke first, "Wow! Where did that come from?"

"I don't know," Jennifer said, "But I kind of liked it."

"Get you wet?" Dina asked.

"A little."

"Only a little?"

"It was only a little kiss."

Then their lips touched again, parting further than before, tongues pressing together, dueling as if it were dawn and someone's honor was at stake. They broke the kiss only because they both needed air. As soon as they had each gasped some in, Jennifer said between ragged breaths, "Okay, that one got me a lot wet."

"Me too," Dina said as she tilted her head to receive another. 

Before Jennifer could comply, they heard voices in the bedroom. 

"Oh shit," Dina said. "I hope it's not Max."

Jennifer held her finger to her lips and said, "Shhh. They stopped outside."

Dina went to the door and cracked it open slightly. She looked back at Jennifer and said, "It's that cow, Sara Pursey."

Jennifer shushed her again and stood behind her to watch. It was Sara Pursey and she was with Maxine's brother Dillon. They were on the bed kissing, slowly working their clothes off. Dina snuck a glance back at Jennifer and whispered, "Should we tell them we're here."

Jennifer shook her head and kept watching, so Dina turned back to watching too. At this point, both were naked, and Dillon was squirting a tube of some type of lubricant directly onto Sara's ass, slowly rubbing it in before he squirted more of the lube onto his cock. Then he was pressing first one finger, then two fingers into her ass and working them in and out.

Sarah moaned, but she obviously liked what was happening. "You like that?" Dillon asked.

"Yes," Sarah said through gritted teeth.

"You ready for me to put my cock up there?"

Sarah grunted and said, "Not really."

Dillon laughed and said, "A bet is a bet."

"I know," she said. "Just go slow."

Dina turned back to Jennifer and said, "I wonder what the bet was."

Before Jennifer could say anything, both their ears perked up as they heard Dillon say, "You should have known you'd never get Oliver to leave with you."

Grunting louder as Dillon placed the head of his cock at the bud of her anus, Sarah gritted her teeth harder and said, "Just put it in me and shut up."

Sensing that Jennifer was beginning to boil, Dina turned to her and held her finger to her lips. From the look on her friend's face, Dina knew the explosion wasn't far away. She held her finger to her lips again, then pressed that same finger to Jennifer's lips, letting her kiss it before she turned back to the action. At this point, Dillon had his cock halfway into Sarah's asshole. She grunted louder than before and almost screamed, "God, Dillon. Stop for a minute."

Dillon stopped and leaned his lips to Sarah's ear and whispered so low that Dina and Jennifer could barely hear him say, "Enjoy it, Sarah. You knew you'd lose the bet when you made it. Now that Jennifer Gordon's putting out for him, Oliver doesn't need your pussy anymore."

He pushed his cock the rest of the way into her rectal cavity as she turned her head back to him and snarled, "Then how come he told me he'd meet me after he takes his little slut home?"

Feeling Jennifer about to rise, Dina turned back to her, put her hands on Jennifer's shoulders and said, "No, sweetie. Don't."

"That fucking cunt," Jennifer said. "I'm going to fucking kill her."

As Jennifer's voice began to rise above a whisper, Dina could think of only one way to silence her friend and pressed her lips to Jennifer's. Jennifer's lips parted automatically, inviting Dina's tongue inside. As their tongues softly interlaced, Dina's hands slid off Jennifer's shoulders and cautiously began to undo the buttons to her friend's blouse. Jennifer purred as Dina softly cupped her naked breasts and almost giggled at how the combined excitement of Dina's touch and the air from the ceiling vent blowing down on them made her nipples spring to life. 

They broke their kiss and Dina lowered her lips to Jennifer's breasts, softly kissing the entire surface of each breast before finally taking a nipple between her lips. Jennifer moaned, but fortunately, the moans Dillon was forcing out of Sarah more than drowned out the ones Jennifer was emitting. Any thoughts of the damage she wanted to do to Sarah Pursey completely left Jennifer's mind as Dina worked open her jeans and pushed a hand into her panties. 

Jennifer gasped as she felt her friend's finger entering her pussy. Shit, she thought. That feels so fucking good. Without even realizing that she was doing it, Jennifer's hands went to Dina's shorts and she was lifting her hips off the floor, letting Dina slide her jeans and panties down her thighs as she simultaneously slid Dina's shorts down to her ankles. 

As soon as they were both naked from the waist down, Dina pushed Jennifer back and moved herself on top of her, placing her clit against Jennifer's. Both girls began to slowly rock back and forth, gently rubbing their clits together. Each felt the passion begin to rise and became so lost in the pleasure they were giving to the other that they didn't even see or hear Dillon pumping his own orgasm inside the inner walls of Sarah's ass. 

Jennifer felt herself being rubbed over the edge and would not have been able to withhold the scream that curdled out of her lungs even if she had wanted to. Within seconds of when Jennifer's screams commenced, Dina was masking her own orgasm by smashing her lips to Jennifer's, meshing their lips and tongues together in a kiss that was anything but pure and chaste. 

When they had both had gone completely over the top and crashed again to bottom, Dina collapsed upon Jennifer, letting Jennifer hug her in her strong, supple, tennis player's arms. They kissed again; more softly, less intense, but no more chaste than the other had been. 

After a moment, they broke their kiss, and Jennifer lifted her head up to peer through the door opening. Noticing the bed was no longer occupied, she said, "Think they knew we were in here?"

"Do you give a shit?" Dina asked.

"Fuck no," Jennifer said. 

"Me neither," Dina said. "Come on though. We better go find our dates though, before that cow that was up here latches herself onto yours."