 This is the first piece I've wrote, I have been writing it for the past 15 years. It is the start of a novel, I did plan on getting it published. But, I doubt I can with all the lesbian sex involved and that this is a sequel to a book I read and fell in love with. The only resemblances between this book and the other ( Possessions) are the people and the city, all else is completely different. So, since I joined this site I decided to put it up in here. Remember it is a novel, not a quick story.

To explain the start of it, Katherine was married to a unfaithful man Craig. She packed her 2 children and fled Canada, and set up home back in her home town, where her Family and friends were. She did this, because for the last year, her husband had disappeared, and she found out he was running because he had stolen a lot of money from his company. When they moved to her hometown of San Francisco, she found out that this was where her husband's family was from too. Which came as a shock, because he had told her he was an orphan. Over the next year, she basically fell in love with Ross, her husband's cousin, but wouldn't commit until she was finished with Craig and her marriage to him. So this is where it picks up..... Enjoy!! Jenni

________________________

Katherine woke up, sat up and stretched. Now she not only felt she was the picture of total happiness, but knew she was. This was all because of last night's events where she now knew she was totally free of the past. And now could plan an unobstructed future for her children and herself. Craig had finally showed up last night, where both he and she discussed all of the trouble he had been in and all the trouble he had caused when he just up and left them. Not all was bad, because his leaving had turned Katherine into a very independent and strong woman. She herself knew she had grown up a lot, but it just didn't hit her until last night just how much she had grown. Mainly, was when he asked her to come back to Canada and return as his wife. Right then was where she knew that she wouldn't and couldn't ever do that. So, the only other choice for both was to get a divorce. Both agreed that Katherine would have full custody of Jennifer and Todd, and he could have them for visits. At first Craig hated that idea, to which Katherine told him that he'd see them more than he had in the last past 2 years. With that he quickly agreed.

Craig left her apartment at 15 till 6, Katherine then got both Jennifer and Todd up and fed and ready for school. They left the house at 6:30, where she dropped both off and went over to Ross' He greeted Katherine just as she stepped out of her cab, he paid the cabbie, then lead her to his back porch. Once she was relaxing on a lounge chair sipping tea, she told Ross all about last night and Craig's visit. Right after that, she shocked Ross by proposing to him to which he quickly accepted. Then both got involved in a deep and long kiss and hug.

Ross, after they finally broke the embrace, looked at Katherine. Instantly he knew that she hadn't gotten any sleep last night, because she was having a very hard time fighting to remain awake. So, he helped her up and led her into the house, heading for his bedroom. Once there, he lay Katherine down and took her shoes off and tucked her in, then he closed the blinds and drapes kissed her and left for work.

Now awake and smiling brightly, she reached over and called Leslie. Katherine and Leslie were as tight as a pair of sisters at least that's how they thought of each other, and not forgetting Linda.

"Hello?" Leslie answered on the 3rd ring.

"Good afternoon sis, its Kathy hun."

"Well hello there hun. How are you today?"



"I guess you could say both very happy and relieved all at once."

"Well now dear that's wonderful! So, tell me sis, what happened to bring on those feelings." To that Katherine told Leslie all about the last 2 day's events. Telling Leslie she knew she had changed a lot, and everyone else telling that to her. But she found out for herself just how much when Craig asked to come back with him." Dear that was when I knew I could never be anything again with him." Then Katherine told Leslie about her having full custody and both agreeing to a divorce. Then she saved the best for last, which were this morning's events and her proposal to Ross.

"Great! Very good for you lady! I'm very proud of you dear. So, you are going to get married to Ross. Have you both set a date yet?" Leslie asked.

"No sis, we haven't got that far yet hun. Look dear tonight we all are going over to Victoria's for dinner. Why don't you and Claude come with us? I just remembered something and I need to discuss it with the 3 of you. Ross said we are leaving here at 8." 

"Oh we'd be glad to sis. We'll come over at 7:30 then."

"That sounds great sis. Well I'll see you then dear. I love you."

"I know hun. And you know that I love you too dear." Leslie told Katherine and the hung up. Then Katherine stretched back out on the bed, she happened to look over at the clock, where she was surprised it was 15 till 5.

20 minutes later, Ross and their four children entered the bedroom with her., where they all came over and hugged and kissed her.

"Well dear, it's nice to see you finally rejoined the waking world." Ross joked with Katherine as he sat down on the bed beside her.

"Mom, is it really true? That we all are going to be a family?" Jenny asked her mother.

"Yes babe. We all 6 will have that part of our lives restored something we've all missed for a very long time now." This to that both Jenny and Carrie started crying happily, both girls reached over and hugged and kissed Katherine. When the girls finished, Ross and the boys took their turns also.

"Dears can I asked you 4 something?" Ross asked looking at their children. They all said yes and waited. This is where he asked if they would mind going in the den and watching TV. As so both he and Katherine needed to talk alone for a few minutes. All four got up and hugged and kissed them and left, closing the door as they left the room.

"I can see those 4 are just as happy as I am." Katherine told him smiling.

"That is very true love. But I think you mean as happy as we both are." Ross corrected her as they kissed. When they broke the embrace, Katherine told him that she had invited Leslie and Claude to join them at Victoria's that night, because she had a very big issue to discuss with all three of them.

"That's fine dear. Look hun, I'll carry you 3 over to your place, where you can get all you 3 need for a few days, then you all will stay here with me, Carrie and Jon. How does that sound?" To which Katherine was all for that idea. So, both called for their kids, to which all 4 entered fast and sat down on the bed with them. Then he told them the plan, which they were going over to Katherine so those 3 could get packed for a few days and would be staying with them here. He told both Jenny and Carrie that they would use the spare bedroom, and that the boys would sleep in the den.

Once at the apartment, they got packed up, then as they were leaving, Katherine stopped by Annie's and told the girl that they would be gone for a few days. Then she asked her to keep an eye on things for them. Annie said she would, and they left headed back to Ross'.

"It's impossible for me to believe that you 3 live in that tiny apartment. Because it barely has room for one person, and all 3 of you live there, I know it has to be rough on each of you." Carrie said.

"Yes, it is very tough. I know that I still long for the space of our old house. Not to mention that I miss my own room."

"True sis, but I guess I have gotten used to that apartment." Todd said.

"Yes dears. I can agree with you both on all of those points. But I also hope you both can understand that dears I could only afford that place when we got here. I have for a while now been feeling terrible for putting us into that spot. I could have been looking for a larger one for us." Katherine turned around and told her children.

"Mom that's one thing you don't have to feel bad about. We both fully understand that, not to mention that we both are very proud of you also. I think we all know that you had never been put into a position where you were tested just to see what you were capable of doing on your own." Todd explained. 

"We both were secretly very sacred as to how we all would end up." Jenny was saying and reached over the seat and hugged her mother. "When dad up and left us, we both thought we all were in very big trouble, and that was it. But you really surprised us and a lot of other people, because you use everything you could and more. To me, no matter what anyone says, I'd have to look back and say you did it perfectly. Even though I know we both were uncontrollable at times, all I can say is thank you." Jenny finished.

"Very nicely put you two. I couldn't have said that any better. She has been a very determined force since you all moved here. She didn't want any help at all, had her mind made up on doing it all by herself and that's exactly what happened." Ross agreed with Jenny and Todd.



"Ok you 3, please stop, all of you are going to make me cry!" Katherine choked out, wiping the tears from her eyes. Ross grasped and held her hand and smiled, and then he shocked all of them a minute later.

"Well I have some great news for you hun and both of you Carrie and Jon. This is your mother decided to give me full custody of both of you. I think she has finally realized that you both were very unhappy there and neither of you liked Guy at all. So dears you don't have to worry about that anymore."

"Alright, that is great! Now that does make us very happy. And now that we both will have a bother and sisters of our own." Carrie stated.

"Not only that part, but now we both will have a perfect mother." Jon added. To which that statement made Katherine blush heavily. Ross smiled and held her hand tighter.

When they all finally arrived back at Ross', he explained to the girls that they were first to get their showers, then the boys, and Katherine, then he would take his. After her shower, Katherine went into the room with the girls to get dressed and made up. Jenny was very happy and proud that Katherine was finally going to wear makeup and take pride in her looks again. So, both girls helped her with as much as they could with that. After she was dressed and made up, Katherine looked in the mirror and finally noticed that she looked rather stunning, and she could also tell that both girls loved how she looked. Carrie got a bottle of perfume off her dresser and handed it to Katherine.

"That's dads' favorite, she quit wearing it and gave it to me. I know dad will love smelling it on you." Carrie told Katherine. She smiled and took the bottle and sprayed in on herself, then handed it back to Carrie.

"Thank you dear Carrie." When that was done Jenny got Katherine to sit on the bed, while she helped put her mother's jewelry on, for the last step Carrie put Katherine's watch on her arm.

As she told Katherine, both Leslie and Claude arrived at 7:30. Both were led into the den by Todd and Jon. Ross entered the room 5 minutes later and greeted them.

"Where is Katherine?" Leslie asked.

"She and the girls will be out here shortly. Both girls are helping her get completely ready. I'd guess that means make up, hair and nails." Ross laughed.

"Oh wow! Now that's great for her." Leslie said then told Ross the story as to why she had stopped wearing it and became less fussy about how she looked. Then she told him she was very proud to hear that he had rekindled that back in Katherine. 10 minutes later, Katherine and the girls appeared in the den. When she saw her sister, Leslie got up and met her in a tight embrace.

"Damn lady! You look very stunning!" She said giving Katherine a good looking over. To which Katherine smiles and told Leslie that she had help and pointed to both Jenny and Carrie.

They all left the house heading for Victoria's in Pacific Heights, when they knocked Tobias ushered them all into the den where Victoria was waiting on all of them.

"Well how are you all tonight?" Victoria asked after all the greetings were exchanged and everyone was seated.

"Oh we all are doing just wonderfully." Both Katherine and Leslie said together, and then laughed.

"Well you all should be doing very well. Seeing that we are about to have two new families. How do the 4 of you feel about this?" Victoria asked the 4 children. 

"We both are very happy to finally have a full and complete family once again." Both Jenny and Todd answered.

"That exactly how we feel. We all want and need a big family and it's gotten a lot better now that we both have another sister and brother." Jon stated and Carrie nodded very happily to that.

"Well dears it does sound that you 4 already love this."

"Yes we do!" They yelled, to which everyone smiled at their expression.

When they all settled down, this is where Katherine looked at Ross, Leslie and Claude. Then she got each of their attention "Ok now I have something I need to ask you 3." She told them and looked directly at Leslie smiling.

"Sis, if you can remember back to our teenage years if you can. We both had just returned to your house, and in your room. Do you happen to remember the magazine we found that day under the bleachers of the ball field?" To this Leslie looked deep in thought, and then looked up at Katherine questionably. Seeing that look Katherine knew that Les would need help. "Ok I can see you need help with this one. The name of it was:' Wedding Day' does that help you?" When she heard the name, Leslie sat straight up with a blinding smile.

"Yes dear sis, I do now, but more importantly I remember what we both promised each other. I guess the reason I forgot, was after your marriage to Craig." Leslie told her.

"Well dear after Ross and I decided to marry, I remembered it right off and seeing you both are getting married. It meant the world to the both of us, I know it still does to me, and I'd bet it does to you too." Katherine explained, and Leslie said very much. This was when both realized that everyone was listening, and each was growing in their interest to know just what they were talking about.

"Hey you 2 what gives?" Ross finally broke in.

"Ok sorry. We both were in my room, reading this magazine after we had found it; this was where we both got hooked on an article which was called: 'Double Wedding'. After a few hours of reading and rereading it, and also seeing that we are as close as a pair of sisters. We both promised each other that this was what we both would have together." Leslie started it off.

"Now if we both can get you men to agree to this, teenaged dream could come true for us. A real dream come true." Katherine finished.

"Now that is a grand idea. I love it!" Ross stated, and to which Claude agreed, so both told the women they would do it with them.

"And I would guess that the 4 of you know that when you do this, it will be the first for this family." Tobias told them.

"Yes. And I can't think of 4 better people to do this either. Dears please keep us advised on a date when you 4 decide on one." Victoria told them.

"You know we will. You will be the first to know. I've also thought about getting the 4 children in on this too." Katherine told everyone. Then she relayed all she had running through her mind after her and Ross' proposal and acceptance. To which they all listened and when she finished, she saw everyone smiling brightly. As they all were talking, Polk their butler came in and told them dinner was ready.

After dinner, Carrie, Jenny, Jon and Todd went to the game room. While all the adults went back to the den and were talking and making plans for the weddings to come.

"And for the honeymoons, I'd like you 4 to use my villa in Menton." Victoria told them. To which they all thanked her for that." We also will keep the children and lastly. And this part is not negotiable this being I will pay for the weddings, and all the airfare to and from Menton." To this both Ross and Claude started to object, but she cut both off. "Dears, I said it wasn't negotiable. Just let me enjoy this. And if I want to pay for it, I should be able to."

"That is fine dear. But please that's enough. We all do appreciate it dearly." Katherine said and reached over and hugged Victoria.

So, for the next few days, they all spent making their plans for the weddings, reception, and the honeymoons. Katherine would take care of all their rings. Ross: he would take care of the church and making plans there and make the reception reservations. Leslie: she would take care of their wedding and the girls' dresses and their soon to be husbands and the boys' tuxes. Claude: he would handle the catering, then all the legal for Katherine, and then both Ross and Katherine. He had to get the divorce and custody papers ready and have Craig sign them. After that was taken care of and done, both Katherine and Ross had talked and both decided to do something to make this feel like a true family for all 4 children. They both decided to adopt both of the others children. Also have both Jennifer and Todd's name changed to Hayward which was the name both should have had from the start. Victoria got to do one other thing, which was handling the invitations. Tobias, with the help of Victoria, became part of the weddings also. After the vows were traded, he would recite a beautiful poem. After all the legal stuff was done, they each came up with a perfect date. They decided on November 7th for the wedding, they also planned to stay in Menton for 2 weeks, and their reception was at the Fair Mount. This meant that their wedding day was a little over a month away.

By November 3rd, the last detail was taken care of, and both Katherine and Leslie were over at Ross' relaxing. While he and Claude were both at work. It was now 3 days away from their big day, where Katherine could tell Leslie was getting nervous, to which Katherine realized she herself was getting that way too. So the sisters did all they could to distract each other to keep from being nervous, but they soon noticed it was no use.

At 7 that night, the house was packed full of people. Where those soon to be married were, with Katherine and Leslie's other sister and both ladies personal doctor Linda Brook, the children, Victoria, Tobias, Jason and Ann. They all were sitting around talking about the joyous occasion about to happen. Everyone left around mid night, so Ross, Katherine and their children could get their rest. They both tucked their kids in and hugged and kissed all of them. Then they headed for their room, once there while Ross turned down the covers, Katherine went into the bathroom and got changed into her gown. When she re entered, Ross met her in the center of the room, where both got involved in a deep and loving kiss.

"Come on dear, let's get some rest." Ross said and led her to the bed, right when both got into it, Ross attacked Katherine. They made love for 2 hours and fell asleep in each other's arms. This was just how the rest of their time went before their big day, all just relaxing.