 I would wish to thank all of you for talking the time to read my story and for all your feedback good and bad. If you leave feedback I will respond to all of them. In this chapter is where things happen that change Jenny and Carrie, while the still haven't had sex, this is the chapter that changes them.

-----------------------

A week before Jenny and Carrie were to compete in the Western States Diving Championship, both sat down and discussed something they wanted to do for them and their sisters. Jenny and Carrie wanted to get a home teacher, so they could stay home and care for the sisters and help Katherine and Leslie. Both saying that they hated to leave everyday and leave them with the nurses, that they could do just what the nurses were doing.



"Dear ladies, neither of you need to do that. For 2 big reasons: we have already gotten rid of the nurses, as we both have fully recovered. And 2: both you ladies need to stay in school where you both will learn better. It will help you both get into a great college, and have you each prepared for it and then what about your teammates? Since you ladies are the co-captains of the squad, you need to be there."

"That's right ladies. Now don't worry dears, we both have it covered here dears." Katherine and Leslie told Jenny and Carrie.

"Ok if you both are sure. We both just thought it would help you both out more, that's all."

"We're positive ladies. We do appreciate the gesture though." Leslie said smiling at them.

"Any way ladies, Friday is the last day before Christmas break. Then your championship on Saturday." Katherine explained.

That Saturday, Ann and Janice came over to pick Jenny and Carrie up, to fly to Las Vegas for the Western States Diving Championship. Even before they had left San Francisco, Jenny and Carrie were already wearing their looks. Both Ann and Janice knew that if they were already sending those looks now, neither could imagine just what the looks would look like at the start of the championship.

They touched down 2 hours before the competition started. They checked in at their hotel, and then Jenny and Carrie got dressed for the championship. At the complex, the ladies started their warm ups and stretching, getting loose.

When a competitor of theirs, walked past the ladies and made some very rude and nasty remarks to both Jenny and Carrie. Then just looked and laughed at both of them because all either lady did was start staring at her. Ann was pissed at the girl, she was about to get up and confront her, but Janice stopped her from getting up.

"Don't worry sis, just look at both ladies' faces and look in their eyes. That girl and whatever she said, has really fired Jenny and Carrie up. I know that I'm glad to say, that I don't have to compete against either Jenny or Carrie. I do feel sorry for the rest of the girls here, because that snotty one has just blew away any chance they had today to stay with Jenny and Carrie. You can just tell that the ladies now are going to annihilate all of them today. Just look into their eyes sis. I have never seen it that tough before, and I know I never had it like that ever."

"Yes I see what you mean Jan. I'll say this for both ladies though; it does make me proud of them knowing that it wasn't worth replying to that little bitch." Ann said. This Championship was where both Jenny and Carrie were to be really tested. Because some of these girls were in their league, this would be where both ladies were to be tested in endurance, the ability to hold their lead, their edges, and in their mental and physical capabilities. It should not be like the other 3 championships, a runaway. But Ann and Janice knew all that was before the encounter with that bitch which tipped the scales in the ladies favor. Seeing that today there were no regulated dives, both had to use all their hardest dives, which was the reason that Ann and Janice had ran both ladies through some very rigorous practices everyday on all those dives. Not that only but Janice also taught both all her secret dives, for when she need some extra points.

At 8 when the Championship started, both ladies had their looks hardened with dedication, determination, and destruction. Both Jenny and Carrie had adrenaline just pouring off them, as the both were very ready to demolish all of their competitors. Any of who thought of taking 1st place from them.

And from the onset, both ladies poured it on and didn't even glance back at anyone. Neither lady showed any weakness or flaws in any of their chosen dives. At the end of the springboard both were tied for first with perfect scores of 600 points. But both Ann and Janice did notice that there were 3 girls right behind Jenny and Carrie, at 515, 505, and 497. The ladies huddled up and talked and made their own plans for attack. They broke it just as the platform part started. This was usually where Janice instructed both on how to choose their dives, but now seeing their talk, she sat back and decided to she just what Jenny and Carrie had planned.

This from the start both used all their hardest and most difficult dives that Janice had bored into them for the last 2 weeks. With those dives, the ladies took a hold of the Championship and the crowd.

At the end, both were tied again for 1st. But this time was very different; Jenny and Carrie had set a Championship record. As both ended up with a perfect all out competition, in which they maxed the scoring limit with 1200 points. Second went to a girl from Seattle with 709, 3rd to a hometown girl with 698.

"Now the twin sisters Jennifer and Caroline Hayward and Connie Jackson will go on to compete in the United States Diving Championships. This year is being held in Dallas, Texas on January 16th. Congratulations to all 3 of you. And good luck." The sponsors of this event made their presentations to the ladies. Which both won $5000.00 for their win and an additional $1000.00 for their perfect Championship, and also 3 other prizes and their trophies. If Jenny and Carrie thought that the trophies they won for the California Championship were tall, they were small compared to these they had just won. The sponsors were going to send them to the ladies by FedEx next day air. And would more than likely be home before Jenny and Carrie got there.



When they came out of their gate tunnel at San Francisco International Both Jenny and Carrie were greeted by their ever growing fan base, their school mates, their family, and lastly reporters and the TV crews. Actually, the ladies loved the attention from all the people there. After short interviews, countless handshakes, and polite thank yous, Jenny and Carrie rushed over to their family. Where they all hugged and kissed hello. Their brothers took the ladies bags, while Jenny and Carrie took Liz and Sheryl and carried the babies.

"Well now it appears that we have 2 very popular stars in the family. How are you ladies feeling?" Katherine asked them on the way home.

"Trying to control our happiness, which makes us want to yell, jump around or other zany things. But we won't because that just wouldn't be us. If Jen and I acted the way we both feel right now, you'd all be checking to make sure you had the real Jenny and Carrie." Carrie said and everyone died laughing at her statement.

"So we both will be ourselves, and let out all of our happiness in love for all of you." Jenny said and kissed both Katherine and Carrie, who kissed her back.

As they all were in the den relaxing and just talking about anything that came to mind, but mostly about Jenny and Carrie's win, the phone rang. Leslie being the closest answered it.

"Ladies it's for you both." She said handing the phone to Jenny and Carrie.

"Hello. This is Jenny and Carrie. How can we help you?" The lady on the other end introduced herself as Julie Andrews from news channel 6, who was their lead sports caster.

"Do you ladies think it's possible to interview you ladies tonight?" They asked her to hold on, and explained this to their family.

"Mom how do we handle this?" to which the adults talked this over, when Claude told the family and ladies that he'd handle this for them. Jenny handed him the phone, and he introduced himself and that he was handling things like this for the ladies and the family. Julie said she could understand that, then she outlaid everything for the interview, and that the ladies needed to be there by 5:15, where she could explain everything to the ladies. Claude told her thanks and hung up. When he sat back down, he explained everything to Jenny, Carrie, Katherine and Ross. Also it was decided that the men would take the ladies to the station for their first interview ever. So Jenny and Carrie went up and took their showers, then picked out a great outfit for their first time on TV. They came back down 1 ½ hours later, as they did both Ross and Claude whistled at them.

"Very nice choice ladies, you both look gorgeous." Katherine complemented them. Both ladies had chosen their purple satin and lace matching dresses. They hugged and kissed Katherine and Leslie, and kissed their sisters, got their purses and a few 

of their trophies. On the way to the TV station, Ross and Claude gave both some pointers on being interviewed.

After they all entered the lobby, Claude told her that the ladies were here for their interview with Julie. She smiled and called Julie and told her Jenny and Carrie was here. It took no time before she came in and greeted each of them. Then she led the ladies up to the sports department, where they were introduced to Julie's colleagues, and explained everything to the ladies. Then she took Jenny and Carrie into the room where the interview was going to take place. Where they were hooked up to microphones, then they saw a light come on and the man to their left pointed to Julie.

"Good evening everyone, I'm Julie Andrews. And tonight I have very special guests. Tonight I have Ms. Jennifer Renee and Ms. Caroline Renee Hayward. Together at the age of 13 are the owners of the titles of: Mill Valley/ Revlon Champions, Area Diving Champions, State of California Diving Champions, Pebble Beach Amateur Champions, and now Western States Diving Champions. "Dears I guess the first question I should ask you ladies is how it feels to be multi champions all at the age of 13?"

"It feels wonderful. We both have a way to make our practices feel like competitions, that whether being diving or golf. It makes it a lot more fun for sis and me." Jenny answered.

"Very true we love the feeling we each get from winning. Both we both owe everything we've done to our coaches, Janice Copeland, Ann Cooper, James and Holly. All four have made sis and me what we both are now Champions and also to each and their individual training and coaching techniques." Carrie added.

"Now that's very admirable ladies, it does take a strong person to realize that they didn't make it alone, and give credit to those who helped. Now that you both are competing in the US Diving Championship, I guess you and or coaches are practicing harder than ever right? Then that along with golf practice, cheerleading, and I've heard, even helping raise your 4 baby sisters. I know you both have got to be worn out every night."

"Yes mam. But, for now school is out for Christmas break. So, we both are at home all day with our family and that's where we also practice golf for 2 or 3 hours a day. Then we practice diving heavily every night." Carrie answered.

But we both have gotten used to all the practices now, that now it's like second nature to us."

"Great! Now how do you both see the US Diving Championship unfolding for you ladies? Or more to the point how do you each think you will do?"

"Well for sis and me, we believe we can do like we have in all the other 

                                            championships. We can only do our bests, and wait and see. We both want first and will get it fairly. With Ann and Janice, and their training, we don't see getting beat."

"Perfect sports attitudes also. Now dears, let me ask some personal questions of you ladies. What grade are you in? And what are your GPA's?"

"We both are in 8th grade. And I have a 99.6 GPA." Carrie answered.

"And my GPA is a 99.8." Jenny finished.

"Good grief ladies! That is outstanding." That plus, your practices, raising your sisters, co- captains of the cheerleading squad, and everything else you both do, and you both still hold onto almost perfect scores in school. Great going ladies! Now what are your sisters' names?"

"They are Elizabeth and Jessica."

"And the other 2 are Carole and Sheryl." Carrie finished.

"Well dears thanks for being here tonight, Congratulations to you ladies in your wins, and good luck to you both in the US Diving Championships. I'M Julie Andrews, here tonight with twin stars of both diving and golf, Jennifer Renee and Caroline Renee Hayward. Good night."

"Well how did you ladies like your first interview?" Ross asked then on the way home.

"It wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. I for one thought I'd fall victim of stage fright, but I didn't and it ended being rather pleasurable."

"That is something I'll agree with you dear sis on fully." Carrie added." Mrs. Julie really made it easy on and for us. We both are thankful for that."

"Yes dears she did make it easy for you ladies. I know we've all seen interviews where the reporter didn't care how bad they made the subject feel or look. As long as they got whatever they were after out in the public." Claude said as Ross pulled into their driveway. Got out and wert in and entered the den where the others were, waiting on them. Jenny and Carrie first stopped by the foyer closet, to put their jackets up. Then came in and greeted Katherine and Leslie, and got Liz and Sheryl then sat on their loveseat.

"That was a very nice interview you ladies had. But you both handled it very well, just like you had had plenty before. Jen and Carrie dears, I'm very proud you both, my champion ladies." Katherine said happily to her now famous ladies.

At around 11, Jenny and Carrie got up and hugged and kissed their family goodnight and went up to get themselves and their sisters ready for bed. Because both ladies were past the point of being exhausted, and desperately all the rest they both could get. After 2 plane trips, diving and winning the competition, and then the interview this wasn't hard to see at all. Jenny and Carrie got their sleeping sisters changed into their gowns and tucked in, then changed into theirs and fell 

into bed. Where both hit the mattress and were out just like a light.

Jenny was woken back up around 4:30, by Sheryl crying. She sleepily got up and made her was over to her sister's crib, where she gently picked little Sheryl up, and instantly the baby stopped crying. Jenny placed a loving kiss on the baby's forehead as she carried her to their bad and laid her down and changed Sheryl's diaper. Then Jenny peeked in on Liz, finding her awake too, but quiet. She was looking up at the little carousel above her, reaching up as to grasp it with her tiny hands. Jenny bent down and picked Elizabeth up and kissed her and laid her on the bed beside Sheryl as she changed that baby too. Then she picked both up and carried them down to the kitchen for their bottles.

Jenny was shocked to find her parents, Leslie and Claude in there as she entered, feeding her other 2 sisters. She made her way over to the table where Katherine and Leslie were feeding Jess and Carole, and slowly sat down.

"Good morning Jen dear, how are Liz and Sheryl this morning?" Katherine asked her daughter.

"Doing fine, they both are just very hungry that's all." Jenny answered as both Ross and Claude came at her with those 2 babies bottles. "Thank you." She said, but instead of giving them to her, they each got their girls and fed them for Jenny.

"Jen hun you greatly deserve all the rest you can get, both you and Carrie do. Now go on back to bed honey, we can take care of your sisters for you both, until you ladies get all rested up. Because I can tell you are still very much wiped out." Ross told her.

I guess I will, before I pass out right here." Jenny said and laughed as she got up.

"Go on babe. We'll see you ladies when you both get up." Katherine said just as Carrie entered the kitchen and came up behind Jenny and put her arms around Jenny's waist hugging her. Jenny put her hands on Carrie's and squeezed, Then Carrie took in the sight in front of her.

"What is this?" She asked still hugging Jenny.

"I would guess this is now known as 'feeding time'." Leslie snickered.

"I'd guess that our sisters must all wake up at the same time. First Sheryl was crying, Liz was awake but quite, looking up at the carrousel, and she had the biggest smile on her little face." Jenny said.

"Well Ms. Jess was really having a fit, screaming and crying." Ross laughed.

"That's exactly what Ms. Carole was doing too. Within minutes, all 9 of us were in here." Leslie finished.

"Ok now dear ladies go on back to bed. We'll see you both later after you get your rest." Ross told his daughters. So, each hugged their family and went back to bed.



Neither Jenny nor Carrie woke up until around 5 that evening. To which both were still tired and felt very sore and stiff. They got into their robes and went down to the den where their family was. When they entered, they both were shocked to see all the people in there. It was all of their family, Victoria, Tobias, and Linda sitting and talking.

"Hello everyone, what time is the party?" They said and laughed and joked after they had greeted everyone in there and sat on their loveseat.

"We all were getting a little worried about you ladies; we thought each of you had slipped into a coma. Because you both slept around 17 hours, but I can tell that the both of you do look a lot better." Leslie kidded Jenny and Carrie.

"Wow! With all that sleep we both are still sleepy and also sore and stiff too." To which Linda got up and ushered both back up to their room, where she gave each an hour massage. After that both re-entered the den feeling great, got Liz and Sheryl and sat back down on their loveseat.

"Dear ladies, you both have now started on a page in Hayward history for yourselves. Mill Valley/ Revlon Champions, Area Champions, Pebble Beach Amateur Champions, State Diving Champions, and now Western States Champions. I'm both very happy and proud of you both." Victoria told Jenny and Carrie. 

Just as she finished, the phone rang. Ross answered it, and then looked around the room with a very shocked look on his face.

"What is it dear? What's wrong Ross?" Katherine asked as she saw his look. As for an answer he just pushed the speaker button, letting a very familiar voice fill the room. Within seconds, everyone know who it was, it was Craig. It seemed as through the news about Jenny and Carrie had made it across the border into Canada.

"Ross? Are you still there?"

"Yes, Craig, I'm here. So how are you getting along up there?"

"Doing very well thanks. I've gotten everything straightened up and smoothed over. I also did what you and Katherine had suggested, I married Elissa. But as I was watching the world news tonight, I got the shock of my life. There was a 10 full minute segment on both Jenny and Carrie, their rising fame in both the worlds of diving and golf. Saying that both were the most promising female athletes the US had to offer, for the last 20 or so years. But for me that wasn't the major surprise, I was very shocked that they called Jenny, Jennifer Renee Hayward. That was sis' full name."

"Yes Craig we know all that. Carrie too has Renee as her middle name also after Jennifer. Both ladies do visit their aunts' grave a lot. Then they made a lot of 
