 She was waiting for someone. I could tell in the way that she kept glancing at her watch. I couldn't help but wonder, who would keep her waiting? She was stunning. She had long red hair that curled at the ends and dark brown eyes that tilted up like a cat. Her red mouth was in a seductive little pout as she crossed her long graceful legs. She was definitely overdressed for the small little coffee house. She was wearing a tight little dress the color of her creamy skin so that she appeared naked. She sipped her coffee and turned back towards me. 

"Are you sure nobody left a message for me?" She asked. "Um…what was your name again?"

"Victoria" she replied. I pretended to sift through a couple of discarded messages so she would just keep looking at me, then I had a brilliant idea. I looked at her and told her that there were no messages down here, but maybe if she wanted to come upstairs with me to the office there might be some up there. She agreed and followed me up the tight cramped staircase.

She smelled musky and feminine at the same time. I could feel her body heat right behind me and couldn't help how wet my pussy was getting at the thought of fucking her on the old rickety desk upstairs. We got to the door and shoved it open and I let her enter first. I followed behind her and shut the door. "I know it's cramped in here but you can sit on the desk while I look." I pretended to look for messages while I watched her arrange herself on the desk. I almost fell over when I saw that she wore nothing under her dress. I looked again and was rewarded with a glimpse of a shaved pink pussy that I could almost taste if I tried.

I was still pretending to look through messages when she started to fan herself with her hand. " It sure is hot in here." She said. I looked up and noticed her staring at me. I smiled and was about to tell her that I didn't find any messages when she started looking at my tits. I felt my nipples getting hard and then I realized that she could see them through the thin white halter-top I was wearing. "Can I ask you something?" she said. "Sure" I replied. "Are you wearing any underwear under those shorts?" I looked down at my tight jean shorts and told her no.

She smiled and said, "neither am I", and then she hiked up her tight little dress to her waist and did a little turn. "See" she giggled. My mouth almost hit the floor I was so incredibly horny that I prayed I'd get to at least taste that hot little pussy. She sat back down on the desk and put both her legs up on a chair. I walked over to her and licked my lips "I hope you don't mind but it's going to get a lot hotter in here" with that I walked over to her and started licking the sweet lips of her pink pussy. She shuddered with delight and grabbed my long black hair and shoved my face deep inside her. I was going wild inside and I couldn't get enough of her hot juices all over my face. I grabbed her ass and pulled her in closer. She arched her back and started to grind herself all over me. I felt her start to cum and I started licking her clit faster and harder. She screamed out in delight and poured herself all over my face. 

When she was done I got up off the floor, took off my shorts and crawled on top of her. I pulled down the rest of her dress and she grabbed my tits and brought them to her mouth. She started sucking and twisting them and I started fucking her pussy with mine. It felt so good. I pinned her arms down and fucked her until I felt the heat of her pussy match mine and we both climaxed at the same time screaming and shuddering all over the place. 

Before I could recover she flipped me over and got on top of me. She pushed my knees back and buried her face in my pussy. Nothing ever felt as good as her hot tongue massaging my swollen clit. I started pushing myself onto her face and then she wrapped my legs around her head and fucked me with her tongue so fast I exploded all over her. When I was done panting, she stood up and fell on top of me.

I felt her tits heaving against mine and got wet all over again. She must have felt the same because then she took my fingers and pushed them inside her Just as she pushed her fingers inside me. We were fingering each other and kissing each other so fast. It got so hot and so heavy and we both climaxed at the same time. When it was over she licked her fingers and got up. "Well, I guess being stood up turned out for the best" she said. Then she gave me a wink and walked out the door. I never take messages anymore. Who knows who might get stood up next?