 Ok here it is! The first edited chapter of Jenny and Carrie. Becca edited the first half, and told me to study what she had done and finish editing it myself to keep the story the way I wrote it. JC did some more.

I used what I felt worked for the better of the story. So, I hope it comes out well for you the reader. Now before you start commenting on the being doctor parts in the hospital. I will say I know next to nothing about being a doctor, like the entire book so far it's right off the top of my head and from either TV or the movies, so just go with it. Hey it's fiction.

I had 5 different editors for this chapter but only two submitted any help or any ideas so I had to go ahead and put it out. Please vote and give feedback.. JenniElizabeth

Thanks for all your help Becca and JC it is very much appreciated...

_________________________________


"Very good sisters, now what are we having for dinner tonight?"

"Well we all decided to have meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and corn. Liz wanted to make desert, so she is making banana pudding," Jessica told Jenny and Carrie.

"Oh boy, that sounds great sisters." Carrie told them then laughed. "I guess you four know how to pick out peoples weakness. Because you all have picked ours here, Both Jen and I get a soft and mushy at the sight of meatloaf."

"No way sisters! We wouldn't try that with either of you." Carole said laughing with her sisters. "How are you both feeling today?"

"We do feel a little better sis, thanks hun." Jenny answered.

"Yes. We all can see you both do. But each of you still look very tired and worn out. Remember what our mothers told you sisters, that you both would need a lot of rest and sleep to fully recover. So, if you both would like to go and take a nap after we eat, we four will gladly watch over our nieces for you." Liz told her big sisters.

"Yes, sis that is very true. We will need all we can get. Thanks sisters, I guess we'll both do that." Carrie stated.

"That I will fully agree with." Jenny said, as they all heard crying in the den. So the new mothers went back into the den, where they saw both of their daughters were awake. So Jenny and Carrie changed Lynn and Heather, and then carried both back into the kitchen where they both sat at the island/bar talking to their sisters while they breast fed the girls. As they did this all four of their sisters came over and sat down with them.

"Would you sisters mind if I asked a question here?" Carole asked Jenny and Carrie.

"Sure sis. What's the question dear?" Carrie asked.

"Well ok. It might sound a little dumb, but I have to ask it anyway. Does that hurt?"

"No dear. Neither of the girls is biting on us, they are just sucking on our nipples. See sisters at their ages a mother's milk is best for them. See dears women's breast are actually milk glands, when she becomes pregnant they start producing milk for the baby." Jenny explained.

"Ok thanks sisters, now we all know. I guess it just looks painful." Liz said.

"Sisters, please don't feel afraid to ask any question that any of you have. It doesn't matter at all what it is either, it could really help you in your education."

"Ok we won't now." Jess said as the four got back up and checked on their families' dinner. Then both Jenny and Carrie had finished feeding the girls and all six played with them until both Lynn and Heather fell back asleep. The ladies took the girls back to the den and tucked them into their cradles and went back to the kitchen. They set the table, while their sisters finished cooking. Then all six sat down and ate, then cleaned up the kitchen. 

Back in the den, both Jenny and Carrie gave their sisters instructions to follow if their nieces woke up before they did. Then all six hugged and kissed and the ladies went to their room and bed, where they made love and fell asleep in each others' arms.

They both woke back up at 9:30, and got into their robes, entering the den to see that their sisters were having a ball playing with Lynn and Heather. Both Liz and Carole had Lynn on one couch and Jess and Sheryl had Heather on the other. This sight made both Jenny and Carrie smile very proudly. Jenny went over to the couch with Liz, Carole and Lynn, and Carrie to the other. 

They all had a great time playing with Lynn and Heather until around 11, when the twins had to turn in for the night because they had school in the morning. They hugged and kissed Jenny and Carrie then each gently put kisses on each of the little girl's foreheads and left for their beds. 

Jenny and Carrie took their girls to their room, where they sat on their bed, watching TV and playing with Lynn and Heather, until the girls fell asleep at 1:30. Both put the girls in their cribs and fell into their bed and were out like lights.

Both Lynn and Heather woke Jenny and Carrie back up like a clock work at 4:30. They got up and changed their daughters, and fed them. When that was done they headed for the kitchen to make breakfast for them and their sisters. When they entered Jenny and Carrie put Lynn and Heather in their baby chairs while they fixed breakfast and coffee for themselves.

At a quarter to six, their sisters entered, all dressed and ready for school. The six sisters hugged and kissed good morning, and then the twins kissed both Lynn and Heather. They then sat down at the table eating and talking until Liz, Jess, Carole, and Sheryl had to leave to catch their bus to school. Both Jenny and Carrie had the time of their lives playing with their daughters that morning until both girls fell asleep around ten. Both Jenny and Carrie took this cue and in turn fell asleep too.

At 11:30, their phone rang and woke Jenny, she reached for it sleepily.

"Hello?' she answered in a voice barely audible.

"Good morning Jen dear. Sorry to have woken you up hon. we had to call and see how you eight are faring down there." Katherine stated talking with Leslie on their speaker phone. They did this so both could talk to Jen and Carrie together, as both loved to do.

"We are all doing just perfectly mom. Both Carrie and I really love being mothers. Now we both know why you and Les were all smiles and very happy. So how are all of you doing up there?"

"We all are doing very well dear. Kathy and I just had to call and see how our daughters and grand-daughters were doing because we both are already missing each of you, so much we can't stand it." Leslie told Jenny. Carrie finally woke up and joined in on the conversation. 

The four women talked for another two hours, and Carrie told Katherine and Leslie the question that Carole had asked them while they fed Lynn and Heather. All four died laughing at this. Soon they heard the babies crying.

"Hold on mom and Les both our girls are paging us." Jenny told them Soon both ladies had their girls quiet and feeding on their breasts, so they returned to their mother and Les on the phone.

"What have you ladies got planned for Thanksgiving and Christmas" Katherine asked Jenny and Carrie.

"We all have made plans to come home for three or four days over Thanksgiving, and then come back home and return there from December 20th until about the 19th of January for Christmas break. How does that sound?"

"Ladies that sounds wonderful. It will be very nice to have you eight here with us for a couple of visits. We all are really missing all of you dears. Please call us dears after you have made your flight plans."

"Of course we will. It will be just as nice for us eight to see you all too. Well mom and Les, we both are sorry, but we both have to go now. Our girls are demanding our attention. Boy these two are so jealous!" Carrie said and laughed with Jenny. Hearing this also made Katherine and Leslie laugh.

"That's fine ladies. We will talk to you all very soon. We love you all. "They said.

"We love you both too, we'll see you later." Jenny told them and they hung up. Jenny and Carrie sat around playing with Lynn and Heather until 2:30, when the phone rang. Carrie answered it. "Hello?"

"Yes, hi is this the Hayward residence?" A woman asked." This is Sandra Cox; I'm the nurse at Shelly High school."

"Yes it is. I'm Carrie Hayward. How may I help you?"

"Dear your sister Sheryl has gotten sick. I ran a few simple tests on her here, but I think she needs to see a doctor. Her other sisters are here with her. The principal has excused them so they can be with Sheryl."

"Okay tell them to get everything together so they all will be ready when we get there. Thanks for calling." Carrie said. She hung up and told Jenny about the call.

"Oh no! Well honey, go ahead and pick Sheryl up while I keep Lynn and Heather occupied." Jenny told Carrie. She agreed and went to get dressed. Seeing that the rental van was still there she took it because all five wouldn't fit into the vettes.

            30 minutes later the five sisters came home and entered the house.

"Well sis let's take her up to her room and give sis a good going over." Jenny told Carrie.

"We'll watch and play with our nieces for both you sisters." Liz told them.

Once they got in the room, Sheryl started by telling Jenny and Carrie just how she felt and all of her pains. Jenny and Carrie spent the next hour going over Sheryl very thoroughly.

"Well sister dear, it seems as though you have caught the flu honey. Here dear take these." Carrie said as she handed Sheryl some aspirin, and then gave her some cough medicine also. The Jenny helped Sheryl change into her gown and they tucked her in bed. Then they went down to their room, and decided to call Linda and see if she could send them some of what the hospital uses to get rid of the flu. 

Linda told them yes she could and would send it out that day. Then Jenny asked Linda which over the counter product they could use until the medication arrived. Linda explained that in her opinion Acme Cold and Flu was about the best one out there. Jenny thanked her and hung up and went back up to Sheryl's room to tell Carrie. Carrie was sitting on the foot of the bed watching Sheryl sleep when she entered.

"How's she doing love?" Jenny asked Carrie.

"Honey she finally fell asleep, but as of a few minutes ago she was running a fever of 103 degrees, has the sore throat, and is achy and really hot. What did Linda have to say?" To this Jenny completely filled Carrie in on her conversation with Linda.

"Good. With as long as we both have been in both Pre Med and now Med school, all of those over the counter products as still very much confusing. Well hon go and get the meds, and I'll keep my eyes on everything."

"Ok love. I'll be right back." Jenny said as they hugged and kissed. Then Jenny left to get the medicine. As Jenny descended the stairs where she met Carole and Jessica at the bottom, both were carrying little Heather with them.

"How is Sheryl doing sis?" Carole asked.

"After I get back and we give her the new meds, both Carrie and I will be down and then we will explain it to you three ok?"

"That's fine sis." Jess said and they went back into the den, as Jenny got dressed and headed for the closest drug store which was a Baxter's Drugs.

When she returned, Both Jenny and Carrie woke Sheryl back up and gave her some of the new meds and then watched her fall back asleep. Then they went back down to the den walking hand in hand. Once they entered, they sat down with those five and started to play with the babies, Carole asked her question again.

"Dear sisters. Sheryl has caught the flu. So Jess hun it would be wise for you to sleep with Liz and Carole until she gets well, just so you don't end up catching it too. That dears is all we need right now is for all of us to come down with this. Tomorrow what Mrs. Linda sent should be here, so we can get this cured very quickly. It would be safer for us and Lynn and Heather." Jenny explained.

"Now that's not good at all, because we all remember what you ladies went through and all the pain. I think it would also be wise to call home and tell our mothers about this." Liz said sadly. And that's just what those five sisters did.

"Hello?" Leslie was the one who answered their call.

"Hi mom." Carole said.

"Well hello dear Carole hon. How are all of our ladies doing down there?"

"At the moment, not too good." Carrie answered. "Sheryl caught the flu at school today. Both Jen and I gave her a good check up and we called Linda. She is sending us some of the stuff they use for the flu; it should get here in the morning. We also had to call her so she could tell us just how we all could keep from catching it, but mainly our little girls."

"Oh no, I do hope the other seven of you don't catch that stuff. You both are right, because that is some very contagious stuff. That dears needs to be cured very fast. Seeing that both Lynn and Heather are infants, they both are more able to pick up any kind of illness." Katherine stated. "Ladies hold on for a minute." So those five waited for about ten minutes before Katherine and Leslie came back to the phone.

"Ladies?'

"Yes moms, we all are still here."

"Dears we both have gotten a plan together to help you all from getting that mess yourselves. Please let's do it this way okay? We have to do it to help you all out here and protect Lynn and Heather too. Now you all get Ms. Sheryl packed up and take her to LAX, Les is coming down to meet you and get her and bring Sheryl up here until she recovers. Please don't disagree. Just do this ok? None of the seven of you needs this around, and the girls don't at all. We will call you all back with Les' flight arrival at LAX." Katherine explained.

"Alright, but as you know we five don't want to do this at all. But you are right that we seven don't need this around to catch." Carrie said. After they hung up, they sat around talking and waiting for their mothers to call back. Finally they did and Les was due at LAX at a quarter after seven. So with this Jenny, Carrie, Liz, Jess, and Carole went up and woke Sheryl and told her the plan that their mothers came up with.

"Don't worry yourselves sisters, I fully understand this. I don't like it either, but earlier I had about the same thought as they did. So, I'll agree to this because I don't want to see any of you sisters have to go through the pain and suffering I am right now, and most defiantly not Lynn and Heather." Sheryl told them. Then the other five helped Sheryl pack and get dressed. Then Carrie and Carole took Sheryl to LAX.

Those three arrived at the gate as Leslie's plane was disembarking. Leslie came off and spotted those three and ran over to them. Then they all sat and waited for Les and Sheryl's fight back to San Francisco to start loading. After their plane took off Carrie and Carole headed back for home. After they all ate and watched the movie they wanted to see, Liz, Jess and Carole turned in for the night.

Those three young ladies arrived back home from school at 4:30, where they with Carrie and Jenny, called home to check up on Sheryl. But they didn't catch anyone home right then. So they fixed dinner, and then watched a movie. During the whole movie both Jenny and Carrie could both see as well as tell that their three sisters were worried for Sheryl.

"Sisters we know dears. We both know. Sheryl will be fine ladies. It just takes two to four weeks for the flu to run its course. Then sis will be back. We've both had the flu several times, and we both know a lot about it."

"Do you sisters think it would help you if you were there with her?" Jenny asked them.

"No sis I don't think that would help. We all are just worried that's all." They each answered.

"Okay sisters. But I also detect something else mixed with the worrying you three are doing. I think it is that all three of you are also missing our parents as well. Jen and I miss them just as much dears. I'd guess that it's been fun being here but it has been hard on each of you to be away this long. And both Jen and I will still be here another year. Not only that but we both will have to spend one month this year here just catching up with everyone after what we missed during our pregnancies and the girls' births." 

"We both have to do this so we can graduate on time. As you all know, Mrs. Linda is waiting for us to get back there and help her. And since you four only have two more years left in high school, you will soon start college yourselves. We both know our parents will hate missing out on your graduations, you first dates, and very shortly each of your journeys into womanhood. So do you ladies think you'd want to go back home and rejoin Tiburon High for your last two years?"

"Sis you are right dear. All four of us have been thinking about all of that for awhile. As you both know we all have enjoyed living down here with you both, and we know that you both know we will miss you both a lot, but now it's our family we miss. Like you said we will be leaving home very soon ourselves too." They answered.

                       "We both will miss you four very much sisters. You all know you are welcome here for visits just as both us will come up for visits at home. Then before you know it we will both be back in San Francisco with all of you." Jenny said.

"Well dears let's call home and tell this to our mothers." Carrie said and she dialed the number. Then she pushed the button for the speaker.

"Hello?" Ross was the one who answered.

"Hi dad, it's us five daughters." Liz said.

"Well hello there ladies, how are you all doing?"

"We're all doing fine. Are our mothers around?" Carole asked.

"They sure are dears. Here they are."

"Hi ladies, how are you?" Leslie asked.

"We're doing fine. We just called to talk to you both and to check up on Sheryl."

"Well dears it appears that she is resting peacefully right now. She told us earlier that she wanted to get well fast so she could get back down there with her sisters and little nieces. The medicine that Linda has given her has really helped Sheryl a lot." Katherine explained. 

When Leslie got Sheryl back home, she and Katherine took her to Linda for treatment. Then those five relayed to their mothers what they were all talking about. They asked them what they thought of the plan the five had made.

"Liz and Jess dears, neither of you ladies need to do that. Plus honey you all will be here soon for a couple of breaks. But, ladies you both are better down there with Jenny and Carrie. There, you both will have the help you each will need to get you ready for college and pre med."

"Carole dear, momma Kathy is right honey. Jenny and Carrie both could help you all out a lot better than we all could seeing that they have and will be finishing exactly what you four will be starting soon." Leslie explained.

"Mom, Les, both Jen and I felt this would be better for all of you. We both feel as though we are cheating you all out of seeing our sisters grow up, graduate, each take their steps into womanhood, and maybe their very first dates. Now you know mom as we both do, that dear Leslie hasn't really experienced it yet, and not as a mother. Sure she did experience it a little with us, but it would be quite different for her to see both Carole and Sheryl take their turns. And we both know that you would love to see both Liz and Jess go through it too because really neither of us can wait as mothers to see Lynn and Heather go through the stages either." Carrie explained.

"But dears, you all will only be there for another year, and the chances are we'd never miss any of that. Dears those four are really a lot better staying with you both. You all will be here for visits and you know we will be there for the same." Katherine said.

"Dears, I agree with that 100%. Ladies, you but really bring out the best in all four of your sisters. While you six were apart, the twins' grades were barely B's and C's, but down there with you ladies they all are straight A students. You both seem to be able to help them out a lot better than we all could. Plus now you both can get your sisters prepped for pre med, and then med school. But more importantly dears all four of you girls are a lot happier than we can remember you being, living down there with Jenny and Carrie." 
