 Ok Cat take the bra off slowly. Oh yes come on show me those big tits. Mmmm they look fantastic, I am so going to suck those rock hard nipples when I fuck you later."

Lots of camera shutter clicks as I unclip the black lacy, bra that hardly covers my areola. I have a slight fetish for wearing sexy underwear and I wore the bra because I knew we were going to have a session. I drop it on the floor and stand there topless striking a number of poses.

"They are fucking brilliant. Now lose the skirt. Let me see what my dirty bitch of a wife is wearing under it. I love the sexy holdups baby. Black suits you it makes your legs look even longer. I want them wrapped right round my neck. And Jesus fucking Christ look at that thong."

I was wearing an Agent Provocateur black lace and silk thong. It was pretty, yet hugely sexy, key elements in the AP style, which essentially is elegant slut. It was high round the waist and plunged steeply down from my hips over my stomach to a small pouch that cuddled my pussy. At the back, a slither of lace with a serrated edge plunged downwards and vanished between the full mounds of my bum. Several people have said that is my finest asset, although I feel the jury is out on that for I do have full, round D cup tits as well and they get quite a lot of attention.

"Turn round and bend over darling, flash that arse at me. Let me see the cheeks and the crease between them and show me that fantastic thong."

As Richard complimented me, as he told me how good I looked, how sexy I was and how fantastic the later sex was going to be so I became more and more aroused. As happens most times we have a session the latent exhibitionist in me, which Richard never lets me satisfy in public, began to come out. Emotionally I began to make love to the camera. As he said those things and took shot after shot of me in loads of different, gradually more revealing poses so he very evidently also became aroused. As usually happened he got a very strong hard on. I knew then that also as usual we would end up fucking on the floor well before the session was really finished.

"Now lay on the floor" he ordered kneeling beside me taking close ups of my tits and pussy inside the thong. 

I couldn't resist touching myself and my hands without me hardly thinking found my boobs and squeezed them. It felt fantastic. I find I get such a sexual buzz from playing with myself when Richard looks on; I often wonder just what it would be like to do that in front of a stranger or strangers.

"Go down, get your hands down there" he told me, but was simply stating exactly what I wanted to do. I cupped my mound, I found my clit, I rubbed it then opening my legas and raising my knees I slid my finger right along my slit outside the thong. I was putting on a show, but wasn't sure for whom; Richard, me or the camera.

"Ok lovely take the panties off show me your cunt."

I loved hearing that word in those circumstances. As I slowly wriggled the thong off I croaked. "What do you want to see Richard?"

"You know what I want, you tell me" he said very huskily as he snapped away taking shots of my thin landing strip of tawny pubic hairs.

"Does Richard want to see Cat's cunt" I groaned softly.

"Yes I want to see your cunt, I want to photograph your cunt and then I am going to fuck you cunt. But first you can finger fuck your own cunt."

That was it, I was gone. And so was he. He was soon naked, I was on all fours, and he was fucking my cunt from behind.

*

Before I met Richard when I was at university I had experimented with bisexuality. Being bi or even les was quite fashionable in the mid-eighties. I had sex with a few girls both at college and in the year or so after I left when I worked in advertising and before I met Richard. One slightly drunken evening after we'd had sex I rather unwisely in retrospect told Richard about it. It was said in the spirit of not hiding anything from my husband and not wanting him to find out from anyone else, although that was unlikely.

Over the years he'd often asked about the sex I'd had with other women. Like most men he seemed fascinated by two women together. He would ask what it felt like when I was with them and what was different to men. Gradually over a period of years I suppose he got me to open up more. I began to enjoy telling him about the other girls and eventually I got to describing in lots of detail just what we did. It made him ultra frisky. 

As happens with couples, or so it seems, our ardour declined after ten years or so and our marriage in general and our sex in particular became stale. In my opinion this was due largely to the ridiculous hours he worked and the murderous travel he undertook. He rarely got home before nine and was overseas for at least a week each month. I was bored and lonely, he was tired and disinterested. The frequency of our sex reduced and it seemed that for him to really get going we had to use the camera.

Oddly, well I thought it was, as this happened so his interest in my dallying with the other girls increased. 

I was in his arms. We were both naked and we had just fucked. It had been good, like the old times I thought.

"Tell me about Paulette?" He asked mentioning one of my university lovers.

I told him how we had seduced each other for neither was aware of the other's interest in girls.

"God I would love to see you with another woman."

That was the first time he mentioned it. Nothing more was said then, but over the next year or so he quite frequently talked about seeing me with another woman. I told him not to be daft but he kept on. The pressure increased just as my depression about our marriage deepened. He accompanied it with terms like.

"It's just what we need to rekindle our love.

"It will get us back to what we were." 

"You must still have desire to be with a woman."

I continued to refuse even when he said. "You've been there before do it again, for me."

Although I didn't admit it to him I did indeed have a desire for sex with another woman. In fact I was beginning to think I would have an affair with either a man or a woman. I so needed more regular se*x and affection.

Eventually I became worn down and agreed. "Who though?" I asked desperately hoping we'd be unable to think of anyone. 

"Jenny down the pub," he said mentioning a girl that sometimes joined us at the pub we went to most Wednesday evenings. Jenny was an actress who often entertained us with outrageous tales of the goings on behind the scenes and after hours at the theatres and TV studios she worked in. She had absolutely no inhibitions at all and talked very openly about her sexual exploits giving very strong hints that she might well be fairly bi. "No one in show biz knows what the hell they are," she'd said once. 

A few years younger than me but almost certainly not the youthful age she claimed, she was single but had had a host of partners and made claims to having had, "far more than I can count," lovers. Tall, around 5 feet nine she had a dancer's figure with long legs and a very supple body. Quite pretty, but certainly no beauty in my eyes she had a rather hard looking face with thin lips and small eyes. Clearly knowing though how to make the best of make up, her longish blonde hair, that she usually wore down with a slight frizz to the tresses and her lithe long-legged figure, she always looked dramatically glamorous and, I suppose, fairly available. Despite this I had never heard any rumours in the village about her going with anyone from nearby but several times she was seen in local restaurants with women who presumably stayed at her flat overnight. Hence there was a fair amount of goodhearted speculation about her sexuality

On balance I thought that Richard had made a good choice from an availability viewpoint certainly, but the thought of it still did nothing sexually for me and I was really dreading it should it happen. 

For most women to 'fancy' another person there generally needs to be more than a physical attraction. Sexually I think that is the defining difference between the genders. Broadly speaking a man will fuck a woman if he finds her attractive. We don't do that either, with male or female partners. Something else is needed. Jenny was certainly attractive and sexy enough for me, but that 'something extra' wasn't there.

"Do you think you could ask her?" he flabbergasted me by asking. That was the limit and we had a blazing row with me telling him that I had changed my mind and that he could "fuck off if he wanted." This went on for a few days during which his manipulation was at its most extreme and effective. Inevitably I suppose I once more agreed that I would do it but I would not ask her. I thought and rather hoped that would be the end of it.

In his own indomitable way Richard solved the dilemma. She came into the pub a couple of Wednesdays later talking, as usual, about her latest adventures and sexual exploits in the theatre. "Well just the producer and leading man" she replied to someone's query as to whether she had got lucky. "Oh messed around with the leading lady as well of course, got to keep in with the power brokers hasn't a girl?" she beamed at us completely unabashed.

Richard managed to get the three of us alone at one end of the bar and cleverly turned the conversation around to rather saucy matters asking her about her exploits. This went on for a while with Jenny and him becoming ever more open and then, right out of the blue he came out with.

"You know Jen, I reckon you could help an old married couple rekindle the spark in their marriage couldn't you?" 

She made some witty response ending with. "Any couple in mind Richard?" 

Laughing he said. "Well I bet you can guess can't you?" 

She looked at both of us and went on. "Close to home are they?" 

"Yes very," he replied moving if anything closer to her as she said.

"What did you have in mind?"

I could hardly believe what was happening as he went on very boldly with what seemed to be the bombshell.

"I've always wanted to see my wife with another woman?" 

There was silence as Jenny's gaze slowly went from Richard to me and back again. It seemed to me as though she was thinking about it and I was rather hoping she'd say no and go off in a huff. She took a sip of her drink as she once more looked at me and back to him before saying softly.

"Mmmm might be fun." She looked at me and held my gaze as she said very softly. "What do you think Cat, is it OK with you?" 

As they both stared at me I could hardly breathe let alone reply so, like a fool, I just nodded and covered my embarrassment by putting the glass to my lips. 

"Why not get another round Richard?" Jenny said.

"Sure, same again?" We both nodded and he went off to the bar.

Jenny moved very close to me and said in a whisper. "Are you comfortable with this Cat?"

That made me feel much better. "Yes Jenny, yes I think I am."

"Presumably it's Richard's idea."

"Yes."

"And have you been with a woman before?"

I nodded. "Not for many years though."

She smiled. "Don't worry it's just like riding a bike, it all comes back to you very quickly.

I laughed. "Are you ok with it."

"Oh yes I am very ok, to tell you the truth I have always fancied you and Richard."

As she was saying that Richard returned and heard her say that.

"Hold on a sec Jen. Flattered though I am, this does not necessarily include me. It's just you and Cat as I watch."

Jenny seemed surprised and again asked if I was ok with it. Her understanding and consideration for my feelings together with her confession that she reiterated about fancying me and her looks and body began to provide that 'something extra.'

Things then progressed quite quickly and it was arranged that the three of us would have lunch on Sunday at the pub then go back to our house which was just a short walk away.

I hardly thought of anything else between then and Sunday and several times I tried to talk Richard out of it but there was no way that he was going to agree so my destiny was set for Sunday. 

My feelings about going with Jenny were very mixed. The actual thought of being with a woman again was exciting. Several times I thought of ringing Jenny and saying let's forget it, but come round one evening when Richard was away; I was becoming more and more attracted to her.

The idea of having sex with her in front of Richard was also, when I was really honest with myself very appealing; the exhibitionist rearing its ugly head I smiled.

I guess my main objective was the rather cold blooded nature of the whole thing. I think that I would have been happier had it have been spontaneous when we were all a little tipsy. If Jenny and I had got it on like that I don't think I would have had a problem The idea that we had propositioned her, had planned what we were going to do and when we were going to do it and now I had wait the few days was unappealing. In fact the Thursday, Friday and Saturday seemed interminably long. The bonus, though, was that Richard and I made love each of those nights and without the aid of the camera hence, I fucked him and not that for a change!

The prospect of the sex with Jenny, funnily enough, was not as daunting I would have imagined it would be. My mind went back to what I had experienced with the girls in my late teens and early twenties and there was a sort of calmness with my views on the physical aspect of it. It was the emotional side and the fact that Richard so wanted me to do something that he knew I would rather not do that was the main concern. As was his refusal to fully answer whether he would want to join in. "I don't know if I would want to or whether I would prefer to just watch the two of you two," he said very non-committal. I wanted to ask what he would do if he did join in but I guess I was scared of the answer so I didn't.

At the lunch I purposefully drank more than I usually did at that time. We were all friendly and Richard was on top form. When he wants to be, which is usually more in business than social situations, he can be charming company. And with Jenny he was just that. He was very chatty cracking jokes and making double entendres that Jenny and even I could not help smiling at. 

When he went to the loo she said to me. "Are you really ok with this Cat?" 

I again nodded and said that I was a little nervous. She went on. "Look if at any time you want to stop just say so and I'll piss off, ok?" The 'something else' was becoming more and more in play!

Just as I saw him coming back Jenny asked, "You have done this before haven't you?" 

I replied. "Done what?"

"Been with a woman in front of Richard?"

"Yes to the first, but no to the second."

"So what's it all about?" She asked.

"Who knows, male menopause perhaps" I replied as Richard returned and Jenny laughed.

In the house Jenny sat in the middle of a settee her feet tucked under her bottom. As she was wearing a short, black skirt she was showing her legs almost up to her panties and that, and the fact that the pink, loose knit top she was wearing outside her skirt was showing that she wasn't wearing a bra, made for a very come on sexy pose. Richard poured us brandies and I made coffee that we sipped as we chatted almost as though nothing was unusual. 

"You have a lovely house" she said after a while and Richard asked if she would like to look round it adding. "Come on Cat let's show Jenny round."

I realised that he had thought out the route for we got to our bedroom last. "And here Jenny," he said coaxing her into the room in front of us, "is where Cat and I have our fun and where hopefully you and her are going to."

This is it I thought, no way out now, no going back. "Why don't I get us a nice bottle of wine?" he suggested "while you two work out the fun." 

We were standing close and she again said. "You sure Cat?" very softly and throatily. This time I did reply.

"Yes Jenny I'm OK."

Richard returned with a bottle of champagne and poured us all a glass. "Here's to a fun afternoon," he toasted, raising his glass adding coyly. "May I take a couple of photos of you Jen?" Jenny raised her eyebrows but the actress came out if in her and she said. "Sure," immediately striking a couple of poses. 

"Why not sit on the bed Jen?" Richard suggested getting his camera and taking the focus and light readings. He took a few shots and then said very huskily. "Shall we all get er more comfortable?" 

"You can put that away then," Jenny said sharply, "I don't want any more taken. I don't want to see my tits in The Sun. I have my reputation to maintain you know?" She went on, but now smiling.

It hadn't really occurred to me that Richard would undress and I was taken aback when he unbuttoned his shirt and started on his trousers. Jenny smiled and slid her hands behind her obviously finding the zip on her skirt and looking at me as if to encourage me to follow. I reached round my back and with very shaking hands pulled the zip of my dress down. As she slid her, almost micro skirt down so I dropped my floral patterned, quite loose dress to the floor and stood before her in my underwear. She was now in just her panties, a frilly thong I noticed, and the fairly loose top through which her nipples, that were clearly throbbingly hard, poked very alluringly. 

She moved a little closer saying. "Lovely underwear Mandy, Janet Regar?"

I managed. "No it's Perla" just as I saw Richard now in his boxers move over to a chair on the other side of the bed. I could see the bulge in his boxers that showed he was already very erect. 

Jenny said. "Let's sit on the bed Cat." I sat beside her on the side of it. "May I?" she asked leaning behind me her hands going to my bra strap. She didn't wait for my reply presumably assuming no need and I felt it being undone and the cups being eased away from me. 

I still didn't feel very sexually aroused and I sat there rigid and very tense extremely aware that just a few feet away my husband was reclining in a chair nearly naked watching every move. I couldn't look at him, though I wasn't sure whether that was embarrasement, guilt, shame or something else. Instead I sat there looking down at my legs. Jenny was still half behind me and out of my line of vision so I didn't know whether she and Richard were looking at each other and all I could see were her hands that were by my sides on the bed. It was actually fascinating to watch them as they started to move and I remember thinking 'she's going to touch me' as they, so slowly it seemed, moved upwards I closed my eyes still feeling far from sexually aroused, but certainly excited and intrigued by the situation..

It was only then that I suddenly wondered whether Richard and Jenny were in collusion on this. 'Maybe' I thought 'this was all a set up!'

And then I felt the gentlest of touches. The softest of caresses. The most delicate brushing of her fingertips against my nipple She ran them round my areola tantalisingly slowly energising the Montgomery bumps that were the result of childbirth. She gradually moved closer and closer to the centre that she then pressed with what was just the amount of pressure that only other women seem able to find. My nipples obviously reacted and as they grew so she gently squeezed them between her fingers and thumbs. Pulling on them with hardly any pressure at all she coaxed them to their most extreme until they were at their largest swollen erectness. Now I was becoming aroused and thus, as her hands cupped each of the orbs and began to gently caress them so I gasped a couple of times. 

"Ok lovely?" She whispered into my ear, her tongue licking just inside it.

The feelings were so lovely and so intense that I slowly forgot Richard and really that it was another woman doing this to me. In my mind she became an anonymous object. A vague figure now giving me so much pleasure. A promise of so many sensations.
