 This time, I am starting another stories series. I have other stories series chapters that I am currently working on, but I had to write this one down as soon as this idea popped into my head. I hope that you guys will enjoy. As always, please feel free to comment or send me an email through the contact on my profile. 

*-*-* 

NOTE: This story is set in the city of Dubai. 

NOTE: Thank you to Wayne for editing. Also, a big thank you to silkstockingslover for going out of the way to provide input and helping to edit as well. 

*-*-* 

March 23 2016 

Dear Diary, 

Spring break is finally upon us. Finally I will get to relax a bit from all the school work. This final year of high school has been tough. Although I'm getting straight A's in all of my subjects, I've still had to work hard if I want to get into the American University of Dubai. It is the most prestigious University in Dubai and it has long been a dream that I go there. I just hope that I can get through the remainder of the year without shooting myself in the head with all the studying. So the next 2 weeks at home are going to be great and a great way to unwind. Aunt Tracy though has been nagging me and telling me that I need to try to plan what I want to do for spring break. She even told me that I could take a trip with my friends wherever I wanted to go. Not that it wouldn't be nice; I just don't think I can take a holiday at this time. I think staying at home and taking it easy during the break will be a great way to just blow off steam. Although it just seems like Aunt Tracy wants me out of her hair. I don't know why. 

*-*-* 

March 24 2016 

Dear Diary, 

Second day of spring break and today was such a great day. I checked my allowance which I have saved up for a while and thought I'd go out and splurge on a little bit of shopping. I asked Aunt Tracy if she would take me to Mall of the Emirates so I could go and do a little spot of shopping. She told me that she was going to be busy today with a few things and that I could take her car if I wanted. This was a bit odd even for her. She owns a nice silver colored BMW 650i coupe and never ever lets me drive that thing. Every time I ever asked her if I could have it in the past, even for a short drive while she could sit next to me, the answer had always been no. And today she was giving it to me freely. I think she had caught on that I was getting suspicious when I asked her why she didn't need the car and why she was just giving it away to me so freely today. I just received a casual answer that she had to take care of some things at home and that she needed to pay the bills which she'd be doing online. I almost sensed that she felt relieved when I agreed to take the car on my own and go around shopping myself. Something was strange but I just quite couldn't put my finger on it. 

In any case, I was glad that I had the car to myself, which meant joy ride time! YAY! I ended up picking up Jemima with me, who was equally surprised, that I had gotten the car for the day. Jemima is my best mate and we hang around a lot. Although Aunt Tracy is great and very supportive, even Jemima knows that she is quite a grouch when it comes to her car. 

Anyway, we ended up spending most of the afternoon together at the mall. We did some window shopping and I even ended up buying a new bikini that I could wear while I lazed around the pool during the holidays. 

After the trip to the mall, I drove home and saw another car parked in the drive way. It was a white colored Bentley which had a personalized number that read 69. Whoever that belonged to was way rich. Personalized numbers don't come cheap in Dubai. You end up paying a bomb for them. But that was not what was really getting to me. What was interesting was that Aunt Tracy had told me that she had to take care of a few things and that she would be busy. Then whose car was it that was parked in the driveway. Maybe she had a boyfriend and wanted to get some action which is why she was so keen on me leaving the house? Hell that would have even explained why she wanted me to take a trip for spring break. 

I decided to drive around the block and park a few houses away to see who it was that left the house. I must have waited for at least an hour when I saw a tall leggy blonde woman with short hair in a black dress walk out of the house with Aunt Tracy. She didn't look like any of Aunt Tracy's friends, but I couldn't be sure. Maybe she was by the way they were laughing and talking to each other. The woman gave Aunt Tracy a quick peck on a cheek, which seemed to have lingered on for longer than what was expected from a friend. The woman then got into her car and drove off while Aunt Tracy went back into the house. 

That was strange. I didn't understand why Aunt Tracy wouldn't tell me that she was having a friend over. And why was she so keen on having me out of the house. Plus the way both the women held hands with each other and that kiss that lingered on longer than it should have was screaming LOVER. 

When I did finally go back home, I asked her how her day was and if she finished what she needed to do. I even asked her if she had any friends over. Upon hearing that question, her answer was quite elusive. 

"So, how was your day Aunt Tracy?" 

"It was fine." 

"Did you finish up what you needed to do?" 

"Yeah, everything pretty much done. I even ended up doing some cleaning." 

"You didn't go out or you didn't have a friend over?" 

"No. I was alone here. I told you I would be busy and didn't have time. Otherwise I would have taken you to the mall myself." 

Even dinner was a very quiet affair. Something was up. I just don't know what. 

*-*-* 

March 25 2016 

Dear Diary, 

Today was another good day. I had decided to make plans with Jemima and Anjali and we all decided to go for dinner and a movie. Dinner was great; we talked about all the hot boys at school. Anjali, on the other hand, only talked about her boyfriend. a Jordanian guy called Hamad that she had been seeing secretly. Now I know Hamad. We share some classes together and let me tell you he looks like a nerd. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but me and Jemima teased Anjali relentlessly for it. After dinner both girls picked the one movie I knew I was going to hate, Batman V Superman : Dawn of Justice. ARRGGGHHH! I hate superhero movies! All they do is fight! I was just glad when I was out after a staggering two hours and 30 minutes. 

Anjali then drove us home. She first dropped off Jemima and then drove to my place since she lived closer to our house. Just as Anjali was getting closer, I noticed the same white Bentley leaving the house and dash off. I didn't say anything as I saw that car for the second time in a row parked in our driveway and then drive away. I got inside and saw Aunt Tracy in a black silk night robe walking out of the kitchen with a glass of wine in her hand. It seemed like she wasn't wearing anything under her robe. If she had the same visitor come over again, how did she get undressed so fast? 

"Oh, you're back? How was dinner?" 

"It was fine. Why are you in a robe?" 

"I was just going to pop in for a nice hot bath and though I'd get a glass of wine." 

"Ok." 

"Jenny, are you ok?" 

"I'm fine." 

"Are you sure? You seem a little distracted or like you have something on your mind." 

"No I'm ok. I think the fish I had isn't agreeing with me. I'm just going to try to shake it off and go to bed." 

I don't know what's going on, but I was going to find out. 

*-*-* 

March 26 2016 

Dear Diary, 

Today has been such an eye opening day for me. I finally learned a really big truth about Aunt Tracy. I have lived with Aunt Tracy for a little over a year now after my parents passed away. But what I saw today was something that I had ever expected to see in my whole life. Aunt Tracy is a lesbian! Or at least she is also into women... 

Since last night I was wondering how to proceed to find out exactly what Aunt Tracy has been hiding from me. I was awake most of the night and then I just thought that the best way to do this would be to see with my own eyes what was going on. 

The day started off like any other day. Aunt Tracy went about her daily activities around the house like preparing breakfast, doing some cleaning... just the routinely normal stuff. The only way my plan of action would work was if Aunt Tracy thought that I was going to be out of the house. 

"So Aunt Tracy, what do you have planned for today?" 

"Nothing really, I think I'll be home today again." 

"That doesn't sound fun." 

"What about you, kiddo? What are you plans for today?" 

"I'm just going to go to Anjali's place today. Jemima's going to meet us there and we're probably going to hang out there." 

"That sounds nice. When will you be back?" 

"I don't know. Why?" 

"I need to know if you're going to eat here. Will you come back for lunch? Dinner?" 

"I don't know. I might just call you and let you know." 

"Ok. Let me know, because I was thinking I would order take out to eat at home." 

Little did I know what eating Take Out really meant! 

I got dressed and ready to leave. Now in order for my plan to work, I would have to leave the house and then somehow sneak back inside without any suspicions. The best way to do that would be to sneak in through the back. For that I'd have to sneak through and go to the back door and get inside. 

So I prepared accordingly. I got dressed in a pair of short shorts and a pink t-shirt and comfy slippers. Then around 11:30am I bid Aunt Tracy goodbye and walked out of the house. I am not big on waiting, but today I had no choice. I decided that I would take my bike and take a ride around the neighborhood a few times passing by each time to see if the same car is in the drive way. 

My only problem was what if the car never showed up? I was on my fifth round when I noticed a white Bentley drive past me. I slowly followed the car so as not raise any suspicion and finally saw the car pull into our driveway. I slowed down to get a better look at whoever got out of the car. 

It was the same woman. Tall, leggy and short blonde hair. But this time I got a better look at her. She looked close to Aunt Tracy's age. Today she was dressed in a pair of dark blue jeans and white top. I stopped the bike outside the house pretending to get a drink of water from the sipper attached to my bike and could see the blonde sway her hips as she rang the bell. I didn't want to raise any suspicion so I decided to take another round and come back. 

Once I was back outside the house, I began to get nervous over whether I should actually go in or not. The thought that maybe it was just a new friend visiting her and sneaking in like this, which seemed wrong. But you know my curiosity over things always tends to take over basic logic. So I snuck through the path next to the parking garage, moving slowly so as not to raise any suspicion. I tried to peek in through one of the windows that gave me a clear view of the living room but there was nobody there. So I moved towards the backyard and the pool. 

That is where I lucked out. I saw Aunt Tracy in a bikini with her blonde friend, also dressed in a bikini, sitting and chatting away and laughing. Now all that we have in our backyard is the pool, some pool chairs to lounge around on. The only place that I could hide and be unnoticed was if I stood with my back against the house and peeked into the backyard to see what was going on. 

My phone, which I had luckily kept on silent, began to vibrate inside my pocket. It was a group text from Jemima asking Anjali and me if we would be up to go to the beach. Anjali instantly responded by saying yes. But I made and excuse and told them that I wouldn't be able to make it. I then turned my phone off so that there would be no more distractions. 

As I leaned in to take a peek, I saw that my aunt was on her knees sitting on her friend's pool chair, while her friend sat behind her. I was a little shocked to see what they were doing. My Aunt's blonde friend was massaging her tits through her bikini top and kissing her neck while my Aunt thrashed her head around and made moaning noises! 

My jaw instantly dropped at the sight and I gasped. Luckily both women were in deep throes of passion and I was not heard. I continued to watch as the blonde woman fondled my aunt's breasts and both women shared a kiss. The blonde then stopped fondling my aunt, but continued to kiss as she pulled Aunt Tracy's bikini top down to release her breasts from their prison. 

Aunt Tracy then turned around to face the blonde and they both began to kiss again. My first instinct was to immediately turn around and run away, but I didn't. Instead I stood there like a peeping tom would and watched as the two ladies touched, caressed and kissed each other. My Aunt threw her bikini top onto the floor as they both grabbed hold of each other and kissed like only very intimate lovers would. 

The blonde then broke the kiss leaning in closer to Aunt Tracy and began to place gentle kisses on her chest moving closer to her left boob and began to suck on her nipple. My aunt gasped at the contact of the blonde's mouth on her tit and leaned her head back as she nursed the blonde. A minute or two of suckling on my aunt's breasts, the blonde then locked her lips with Aunt Tracy's as her hand moved lower onto her stomach and then down towards Aunt Tracy's covered pussy. 

Their kiss continued as the blonde continued to rub my aunt's bikini covered pussy. Breaking the kiss, the blonde got up and got on her knees as Aunt Tracy lay back on the pool chair. The blonde then put her fingers in my aunt's bikini bottoms and pulled them off slowly and just flung them out of sight without a care in the world. 

The blonde then got on top of Aunt Tracy and began to kiss and suckle on her breasts, giving them a good squeeze. Every now and then the blonde would stop sucking on my aunt's breasts and then come up to give her small passionate kisses. The woman then began to move lower down kissing Aunt Tracy's stomach and then began to place small kisses on her pussy. 

My view was obstructed but it was pretty clear that the woman was eating out Aunt Tracy. And the way my aunt was moaning, it was clear that the woman was doing a good job of it. By now I began to feel tingling sensations inside my shorts. I don't know what it was but I began to get tingles as I continued my little peep show. My own breathing began to get shallow, with sweat dripping on my brow and my panties damp and wet. It was pretty clear that the sight I was secretly viewing like a voyeur was turning me on. But why? I didn't understand this. 

I had never been with a boy, at least sexually. But I had gone out on a few dates. But none of them had ever caught my fancy long enough for me to actively pursue them or let them pursue me. And the thought of girls was the farthest thing from my mind. 

I turned to peep once again, watching the woman lick her fingers as she moved them down. She had probably put them inside my aunt's pussy, because a second later she pulled her head back and yelped. I could see the blonde's hand moving, fingering her, while she continued to lick Aunt Tracy's pussy. 

"Fuckkk...yes yes yes...eat my fucking cunt!" 

"You like it when I eat your pussy?" 

"OOHH I FUCKING LOVE IT!!" 

Aunt Tracy had to hold on to the chair as her breathing increased and she began to thrash around the chair as the onslaught on her pussy continued. The woman had to hold Aunt Tracy down with one hand as my aunt began to violently shake due to her rising orgasm. 

And then she yelled out like a banshee. Her orgasm had hit her. The woman had stopped fingering her, but continued to lick her as Aunt Tracy's orgasm slowly began to die down. I had fingered myself a couple of times and had even cum from playing with myself. But never had I ever cum like my Aunt did at that moment. 

Once Aunt Tracy was done, the blonde woman moved up to her and began to kiss her. Her face must have been splattered with my aunt's pussy juices, but Aunt Tracy didn't seem bothered at all and continued to kiss the woman tasting her own pussy juices. 

While their kiss continued, Aunt Tracy began to undo the woman's bikini top and began to massage her tits. Aunt Tracy pinched the woman's nipples as she grabbed the woman's hair and kissed with what looked like a little more force. Aunt Tracy then got up off the chair helping her friend up as well. She grabbed the woman's ass and began to smack it after each squeeze. 

She then pushed the blonde onto the same pool chair, onto her knees diagonally, almost facing in my direction. My aunt bent down on the floor and her eyes almost came in line towards my direction. I darted back and hid so that I wouldn't get caught. My brain was going into overdrive and my mind told me to make a run for it. But in my turned on albeit confused state, I chanced a peep again. The blonde woman had her mouth open in a big wide O with my aunt on her knees behind her, clearly eating the woman out onto ecstasy and beyond. 

My aunt then made her way up and her eyes again moved towards my direction. I moved back again and hid. But this time, I made a run for it. I made my way up to the front of the house where I had left my bike. I grabbed it and sped off. I rode my bike heading out towards the main street. I spotted the shopping promenade that was located on the main street. I spent the rest of the day there, mostly thinking about why Aunt Tracy would hide such a big secret from me. But most of all what was even more confusing was why I had gotten so aroused at watching two women having sex. 

I asked myself this question over and over again. I didn't know how to answer it. By the time my head was a little clear, it was almost 5pm. I hadn't eaten since breakfast and my stomach began to make rumbling noises. I didn't know how I would come back home after what I had just witnessed. But I had to go back. 

By the time I got home, the Bentley was no longer in our driveway. Clearly my aunt and her lover had had enough for the day. As I walked in, Aunt Tracy greeted me. I stayed silence during dinner and glanced at Aunt Tracy while she was busy eating. But I felt something was different about her after my return home. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. 

After dinner, Aunt Tracy suggested we watch a movie, but I told her that I wasn't up to it and moved upstairs to my bedroom. As I was moving up, I felt like Aunt Tracy was watching me as I went up the stairs. 

Even now as I write this long detailed entry, my brain keeps flashing me back to the images of my aunt and the blonde woman fucking in the backyard. My pussy is getting wet once again. So now, Dear Diary, I must bid you good night, while I masturbate replaying what I saw earlier today before I go to sleep. 

*-*-*