 He had broken up with her, again. I wanted to tell her to move on, to forget him, but she was still insisting that she loved him. So I told her as much of the truth as she would listen to, that she deserved to be treated so much better than this, she deserved to be worshipped. I hated to see her look so sad, and only wished I could somehow bring a smile back to her face.

While Jess shared her story, we shared a bottle of wine. By the end we realised she wouldn't be able to drive home, so I gave her a t-shirt to wear and we settled into bed. She curled up, her back to me, and I lay behind her, holding her close to me with one arm, and stroking her hair gently with the other. We had slept together this way many times before, and were totally relaxed and comfortable with each other. 

She turned round, so her face was inches from mine, our noses touching. I could smell her shampoo as I kept stroking her hair. Her arm was round my waist now, and she started to gently scratch my back. I tried to keep my breathing steady, but the feel of her fingernails was turning me on, especially when she slipped her hand under my t-shirt and was scratching my bare skin. 

I wanted her, I wanted to kiss her. She was so close, but I was terrified that she might not feel the same way. As I was silently debating what to do, I realised her hand was wandering further down my back, sending a delicious shiver up the length of my spine. Slowly but surely she was getting closer to the waistband of my thong. Jess was breathing faster; I could almost feel her heart racing in time with my own. I tilted my head and kissed her, tentatively. She instantly responded, and as soon as we realised we both wanted this, things moved quickly. 

Our kissing stopped being gentle and shy, and became a desperate, lust-filled attack. I reached under her t-shirt and began to stroke and pinch her nipples. The fabric between us became frustrating, and we ripped the t-shirts from each other to gain easier access. My mouth moved to her hard nipples, kissing, sucking, licking and biting eagerly, spurred on by her gentle moans. As I teased her I slowly pulled down her pants, and kissed my way down her stomach. 

She became embarrassed then, explaining that she hadn't shaved, but I was so hungry for her that I didn't care. Jess needn't have worried; the short stubble did nothing to put me off. Her body was perfect, slim and toned, but with decidedly feminine curves. Her tiny waist was emphasised by her shapely hips and full pert breasts. I told her so, and she relaxed, letting me run my tongue over her glistening flesh. She tasted so good; I greedily lapped away, my hands wandering back to her beautiful, full breasts.

As I flicked her clit with my tongue, I slid two fingers inside her, slowly curling them back to find her g-spot and rubbing it rhythmically. I saw her stomach tighten and she closed her eyes, arched her back and let the waves of her orgasm take over. I kept licking until she stopped quivering, and then slowly kissed my way back to her mouth.

We shared another passionate kiss, the tastes of the wine and her body mingling, before she flipped me over onto my back and started to nibble my neck, slowly working down to my nipples. I almost came just watching her caressing my breasts, but she continued down and began to lick my pussy, slowly at first, her tongue exploring and probing every fold, even darting inside me. She barely grazed my throbbing clit but it sent a jolt of pure ecstasy through my whole body. Realising how close I was, she teased me, kissing my thighs and stomach until I couldn't stand it any more. I needed the release and she gave it to me, sucking and licking my clit to bring me to a mind-blowing climax. But she didn't stop there, as soon as the first orgasm subsided; she began again, giving me another two in quick succession. 

Exhausted and fully satisfied we lay tangled in each others bodies. I kissed the top of her head and began to stroke her hair again. Her breathing slowed as she drifted off to sleep, and finally she looked content.