 It had been a long time since I have been with anyone. In fact, it had been almost a year since I broke up with Rob, my last boy friend. I still can't believe that he had cheated on me with his sleazy secretary, that girl had no class, and wasn't anywhere near as cute as I am. I just have to keep telling myself that he was the one with the problem, not me, and that I am far better off without him.

Work and school had kept me very busy, but now it was Christmas time and school was done for six weeks. I took two weeks' vacation from work as well, and I planned on enjoying myself, as this could be my last fun for a while. I will graduate in June with my MBA and will have to go to work right away to start paying off my student loans.

For most of the past year I have been exploring my bi-curious side. I found this cool web site where I have met and chatted with a number of other bi and bi-curious girls like myself. I am actually more than just curious, though, as I have had several encounters with girls starting in high school. I started dating Rob right after college, though, and he was very jealous and didn't want me to see anyone but him.

Anyway, through that site I met a girl who lived about 30 miles away, and we had chatted numerous times over a couple of months. I was hesitant about meeting anyone (I had heard all the horror stories about all the guys pretending to be girls), but Carrie had a webcam and I could see that Carrie was all girl. We chatted about the most intimate subjects and had "cybered" together more than once. Carrie has a boyfriend, but has never done anything with another girl beyond some kissing but she is definitely ready for more.

Carrie is a tall (about 5'11") gorgeous blonde with big breasts. I am shorter and slender but my firm ass and shapely legs are my best features. I am 26 while Carrie is 22, but we seemed to have a lot in common.

We finally agreed to meet in person over the Christmas break, as Carrie is a school teacher and would have the time off also. I was sooooo nervous, and yet excited about finally meeting some one face to face. I took a long time choosing my outfit, and decided on a shorty, v-neck sweater and a leather miniskirt with tights. I wore flat shoes because I wanted Carrie to tower over me.

We had agreed to meet at a coffee house near Carrie's apartment. I got there first, a few minutes early, and took a table in the corner, but where I could still see the front door. Carrie was right on time, and when she saw me a big smile crossed her face. Carrie was also wearing a sweater and mini skirt, plus heels that made her well over 6 feet tall. She walked back toward me and we hugged, and I couldn't help but press my body into Carrie's.

"God, girl, I can't believe we are finally meeting up! I thought you might chicken out on me," said Carrie. "It has taken us way too long for this to make this happen."

"I know," I answered, "But you know how paranoid I am of having the 'girl' I am meeting turning out to be a guy. That happened to a girl I was talking to and she freaked. Some guys are unbelievably arrogant, thinking that one look could turn me from a confirmed lesbian into his drooling sex toy. As if..."

"Yeah, Jessi, I understand totally, but we are both here now. Let's have a coffee and see where else this leads us..."

We sat down and started talking. We had spent hours chatting on the computer, so we knew each other pretty well. It was more a matter of finding out what had been happening lately than learning much new about each other.

After a while, Carrie asked me if I wouldn't rather go back to her apartment. "These chairs aren't very comfortable, and besides I feel like I am not close enough to you sitting here."

When we arrived at Carrie's place, both of us kicked off our shoes and Carrie put our coats on the bed. We sat on the couch, and when Carrie stretched her arm out, I slid under it and rested my head on her shoulder.

"Mmmmmmm, now that's much more comfortable..." I whispered. Carrie nodded and took my hand and put it around her neck. "Mmmmmm, now that's even better!" she whispered into my ear.

Carrie gently stroked my cheek and turned my face towards hers. As our lips met, both of us gave out small moans. Carrie was the aggressor, darting her tongue forward and into my mouth. In reply, I moaned louder and opened my mouth wide. We kissed passionately, our tongues dancing together. 

Our hands were busy too, exploring each others' bodies. Carrie's hand slipped under my sweater and cupped my breast and pinched the already-erect nipple through my bra. This made me sigh and my hand cupped Carrie's larger breast through her sweater. When I started pinching Carrie's nipple, the taller girl gasped and pulled me tight. I rolled onto Carrie's lap, put one of my thighs between Carrie's and straddled her leg. 

Carrie responded by sliding her hand under my skirt and cupping my ass, pulling me tight against her. I could feel myself getting wet as we kissed and touched each other and ground our hips together. I slipped my hands under Carrie's sweater and lifted it so I could get at her beautiful breasts. Her erect nipples were clearly visible through her lacy bra, and she moaned as my fingers rolled and twisted them. Her hands were cupping my ass and rubbing my pussy through my tights, and I know she could feel how wet she was making me.

I broke the kiss and whispered, "Do you want to go to the bed, baby?"

She looked into my eyes and said, "Oh, God, yes, Jessi, but you know I've never done this before..."

"Carrie, you just keep doing what you have already done. You know EXACTLY what to do, and what feels good. I just hope I can make you feel as good as I know you will make me feel."

With that, I stood up. I was a little wobbly, but I took Carrie's hand and led her to the bedroom. I threw the coats on the floor, then pressed my body into hers and leaned forward so she lay back on the bed. I crawled on top of her and straddled her waist. Her hands went back under my skirt and resumed playing with my ass and pussy, through my tights.

I took her sweater and lifted it over her head, so she was laying there in her bra and skirt. I leaned forward and we kissed some more, then I removed her bra and lowered my head to her nipple. When I sucked it into my mouth, she moaned and arched her chest to press it more fully into me. One of her hands went to my hair, and the other stayed busy between my legs. By now my tights were soaking wet, but she kept rubbing me gently, running a finger along my slit through my tights and thong.

Next I had her raise her hips so I could remove her skirt. She also was wearing a thong, and I could see that she was already very wet. As I licked my way down her stomach, her hand was both stroking my hair and pushing my head downward towards the place we both needed it to go. When I reached her navel, I darted my tongue in and out several times, causing her to moan and open her legs wider.

I pressed one of her legs upward, to open herself even more fully for me. I stroked her mound through her thong, and she moaned and arched her hips upward. Her thong was soaked, and her lips were clearly visible through the damp fabric. I couldn't resist, and ran my tongue along her slit through her thong, and flicked it across her clit. She moaned, "Oh, God, Jessi..." and pressed her hips upward into my face.

When I slid her thong to the side, I was pleasantly surprised to find a bare mound in my face. I have kept myself shaved for a couple of years now, but Carrie told me that she had never tried it. To me, there is nothing like slipping my tongue into a bare pussy... So that's exactly what I did.

I spread her lips apart gently with my fingers, then ran my tongue the length of her slit and up over her clearly visible clit. She screamed and clutched my hair in her hands, and pulled my face into her pussy. I began licking and sucking for all I was worth, and she started literally fucking my face. As my tongue would dart forward, her hips would arch up and force my tongue as deep inside her as it would go. I lost track of how many times she came on my face, but finally she collapsed backward and moaned softly, "Please, baby, no more..." 

Reluctantly I left her pussy and crawled up the length of her body. She was panting and her body was shaking as I held her close and we kissed tenderly. I stroked her back and arms and just revelled in feeling her next to me. After she came back down to earth a little, she asked if what she could taste on my tongue was her.

"Oh, yes, baby, and you taste SOOOOO sweet!"

I was still dressed, well sort of anyway... My sweater was pushed up, my bra was open, my skirt was up around my waist and my tights were soaking wet since I had a small orgasm while I was licking Carrie. She rolled up on top of me and said, "Okay, it's my turn now!"

I lay back with my arms over my head and said, "Take me, baby, I am yours completely..." She pulled my sweater off and removed my bra. She took my skirt, tights and panties off with a single tug and I was lying naked underneath her.

We started kissing, and she pressed her body into mine. She was kneeling between my legs, and pressing her smooth mound against mine. She knew from our earlier chats that I absolutely love this feeling, so we kissed and she ground her pussy into mine. I wrapped one leg around her waist to hold her close as we kissed.

I could feel that we were both getting wetter and wetter, when she broke the kiss and lowered her head to my breast. She bit my nipple then started sucking and chewing on it. I couldn't help but moan as the sensations took over my body. She was teasing the other nipple with her hand, pinching and twisting on it, making me squirm underneath her.

She switched nipples, not wanting to ignore either of them. Then she started licking her way down my stomach. Her tongue was darting all over, little butterfly licks mixed in with long, hard licks with her tongue pressed flat against my skin. This girl may never had been with a girl before, but she sure knew what felt good!

My hips were moving up and down, arching upward against her chest as she licked me. She was rubbing up and down, and pressed her breast between my pussy lips. She ran the hard nipple back and forth on my clit, and I shuddered against it. Soon her mouth was between my thighs, I had my legs spread as wide as I could. I wanted to feel her tongue and fingers deep inside me, and she knew it...

I felt her fingers opening me, then her hot tongue slid inside my pussy. I moaned and pressed my hips forward, trying to get her tongue deep into me. Carrie looked up at me as she pulled her tongue out and said, "unh-uh, not yet baby. You'll just have to wait!" It was SOOOO hot, looking between my legs and seeing her face there, knowing she was finally getting what she wanted, to fuck a girl and make her cum all over her face.

She slid a fingertip into me, then rolled it around my clit. I couldn't help it, I moaned and spread my legs even farther. "Please, Carrie, take me, fuck me, I need you so bad!!!"

She looked up again and smiled. "Jessi, you don't know how long I've waited to hear those words. Do you really want me? Are you my horny little slut?"

"Oh, God, yes!!! Carrie... PLEASE! Fuck me, take me, make me cum on your mouth and your fingers, I am your slut!"

"Okay, baby, here it comes then..." and with that she opened my lips wide and slid her finger into me to its base. Her face lowered and she started sucking my clit hard, running her tongue all round the base as her finger slid in and out of me, fucking me.

I grabbed her hair in my hands and pulled her hair tight to my pussy, wanting her to completely consume me. She did, and licked and fingered me through several huge orgasms... After the last one, I think I passed out because the next thing I could remember was her lying next to me and kissing me tenderly. Her hands were stroking my body, and as I woke up I began to caress hers.

We spent most of the next three days nude in her bed. We fulfilled many of both of our fantasies that incredible weekend, and we still see each other regularly. She wants me to try a threesome with her and her boyfriend, but I am not sure if I am ready for that... She has told him about us, and the idea makes him totally hot. Maybe we will let him watch next time, and we will see what happens then.

* * * * *

What do you think, dear readers, should I go for the threesome, or just stick with Carrie?