 Jessi tried not to think of Hannah's declaration as they continued hiking, but it was hard. Hannah was an attractive girl, and with Jessi's newfound desire for the female persuasion, she found herself cultivating some very dirty thoughts.

After a long day of hiking, the girls walked back to the cabin silently. Amy was oblivious to the underlying situation, and she was the only one interested in doing anything else but retreating to her room.

"Guys, do you want to watch Stand By Me? Do you want to play Monopoly? Maybe we can play Scrabble!" The girls made excuses and ended up going to bed early.

Jessica and Lanie barely closed the door before they started kissing passionately. This was a new sensation for Jessi, and she knew her life would never be the same.

"Lanie.. touch me… please," she moaned to her friend.

Lanie pinned Jessi to the bed with her strong arms, and Jessi didn't bother resisting. Lanie stripped Jessi and slowly started kissing her everywhere, starting with her forehead. While Lanie gave Jessi little kisses, Jessi caught Lanie's naked breast in her mouth and swirled her tongue around a plump, hard nipple. Lanie moaned in spite of herself.

Lanie continued her travels with Jessi's neck, sucking and licking gently, making her wiggle with quiet anticipation. She continued with the collarbone, biting it slightly. She then took a pink nipple in her mouth, also biting it. Jessi moaned in complete ecstasy.

She kissed Jessi's stomach, taking an extra long time to get where they both wanted to go.

She licked Jessi's thighs, feeling the heat radiating from her nether regions. Finally, Lanie started licking and touching Jessi's vagina. Lanie was prepared for Jessi's sudden orgasm, and wiped the come off with a towel before going back for more.

"Do you like that, baby? Do you like it when Lanie licks your clit like that?"

"Yes, I like it. I want you. I need you inside me," Jessi panted.

Lanie licked and sucked Jessi's clit, sticking two fingers inside her, pumping her G-Spot. 

As she slowly slid another finger in Jessi's ass, trying not to startle her but give her pleasure she undoubtedly never had before, the door opened.

Lanie realized she had forgotten to lock the door, but at this print, neither she nor Jessi really gave a damn. 

Hannah came in, not quite expecting to see what she had found.

"Holy shit!' She cried.

"Jessi was so far gone into the ecstasy of having her G-Spot pounded on, her clit sucked, and her ass probed by Lanie's gentle fingers, she barely noticed Hannah's presence.

Hannah grinned. She had never seen Jessi in such a vulnerable position, and it turned her on.

She got on the bed and started fondling a sucking hard on Jessi's nipples. Jessi, finally having a sensory overload, had the biggest orgasm of her life, coming all over the place and causing a big mess.

"Oh… my.. god," Jessi panted. 

Hannah and Lanie giggled.

Jessi moved and let Lanie lay in her place. She started licking and touching Lanie while Hannah kissed her.

Lanie and Hannah kissed passionately. There had always been some kind of attraction between them, but it was never acknowledged.

Jessi parted Lanie's legs as far as they would go so she could have better access to her pussy.

As Lanie's legs were in the air, Hannah got on top of Lanie so that they were in a 69 position. She and Jessi lapped at Lanie while she was slicking her tongue deep inside Hannah.

While this was almost too much for Lanie, two tongues on her clit at the same time, she tried to stay in control.

All this moaning woke Amy up. She got out of bed quickly, thinking someone was sick and Hannah had probably gone there to see what was wrong.

She burst into Lanie and Jessi's room and gasped. This was the last thing she expected to see, and that was a fact. 

The other three girls didn't care about Amy's presence. They were too wrapped up in their own ecstasy to notice or care. 

Amy sat down on the chair and stared at the action going on before her.

She slipped her thong off and started touching herself gently. This sight turned her on more than the porn she and her boyfriend often watched together.

When Lanie shot her load, Hannah and Jessi started to make out and explore their new territory while Lanie slinked over to Amy. She turned on some slow music on the little alarm clock radio and got Amy up on her feet. They stared lustfully at each other and then started the dance of lesbian lust. Swaying side to side in an effort to dance, they kissed and let their hands wander.

Amy, feeling brave, slammed Lanie against the wall, her back facing her. She picked up a dildo that was sitting on the table. Knowing that Lanie was hardcore, she slipped the dildo in Lanie's ass. Lanie cried out in a mix of pleasure and pain, her favorite feeling.

After Lanie got fucked as hard as her body would allow, and after Hannah and Jessi gave each other some very high-quality orgasms, Amy and Lanie got back on the bed.

They all situated themselves into a circle and lay down. Amy fingered Hannah, sticking three fingers in her pussy and two in her ass. Hannah sucked on Lanie's clit like it was second nature to her and had Lanie coming in orgasmic waves. Lanie, in turn, was using the dildo on Jessi, who was sticking her tongue deep inside Amy.

When all four girls came in close succession, they collapsed on the bed in a state of bliss. During a haze of little kisses and breast fondling, they all giggled and hatched a plan that would get more than just dildos involved.