 One of my favorite things about writing these stories is the feedback I get from the readers. I love when people tell me how excited they get reading my stories. Now I realize that the internet is the world of anonymous people, and you can never really be sure that people are who they say they are. I also realize that it doesn’t really matter if you’re willing to be a part of the fantasy. So, I just take everything at face value, and let myself be a part of the whole thing. I mean, I never understood the people who go into the chat rooms, and spend the entire time trying to figure out who is for real and who isn’t. What’s the difference? You’ll probably never know for sure, so just go with it!

Anyway, I was checking my e-mail one-day, answering feedback from readers, when I came across one from a girl named Jessica. She described herself as a 19-year-old female, who said she read and enjoyed all my stories. She told me that my stories had a lot of her fantasies in them, and that she would love to talk to me sometime. I replied to her letter, and gave her my e-mail address, and told her whenever she saw me on-line to say hi.

About a week or so had gone by, and I was on-line, killing some time when I got an instant message from her. I instantly recognized her screen name and replied. I won’t bore you with the details, but we got to talking, and we discovered that we were both like-minded in a lot of ways. She described a lot of her fantasies to me, and even sent me parts of my stories that she liked, and told me how she would love to do the things that I had described. I was definitely flattered to say the least, and also very excited to know that there was someone who got off on the same things as I did. The more we talked, the more excited I got. We traded masturbation techniques, and I found myself telling her things about myself that I had never told anyone before. Some of the more explorative things I had done when I was alone. By now I was rubbing myself as we talked. 

A few minutes later, she sent me some pictures of herself. Nothing too revealing, but sexy just as well. She was definitely beautiful. A cute face, with a body that I wanted to devour from head to toe. She told me that she was into girls, but had never been with anyone, girl or guy. I was amazed that a girl this hot had never been with anyone. I was getting hot, and I told her that her picture was turning me on. I masturbated to her picture, and told her how hot she was getting me. Now I know this sounds like a typical on-line encounter, but for some reason, this was different.

Over the next few weeks, we talked a lot. I told her more of my fantasies, and she told me hers. We spent time talking about how we pleasured ourselves, and described what we would do to each other if we were given the chance. Unfortunately, we lived several states away, and I knew that there was probably no way we would ever actually meet. 

Now I know what you’re thinking. You’re probably sitting there, reading this saying “Anne you’re nuts!” That may be so, but I told you, it’s all about the fantasy. Besides, I never thought I would actually try and meet in person, someone I met on-line. Sometimes fantasies are better left at that. At least that’s what I had always thought.

One Thursday last month found me in my usual daily grind at work (no pun intended), when my boss called me in her office. It was a little strange, seeing as how I work in a pretty laid back atmosphere. My boss was never the type of person to have private meetings, so I feared the worst. 

My boss sat me down, and launched into a whole rehearsed story about teamwork and blah blah blah. The bottom line: I was asked to do some traveling for the company. It was definitely a first for any employee at my company. Usually the only one who ever traveled was the boss. As it turned out, she double booked herself with two clients at once, and since I was the most familiar with their accounts, she asked if I would take her place. I would have been crazy to turn down an all-expense paid trip for two, even if it was just for the weekend, and even if there was no “two.”

On my way home that evening, I realized that this trip was taking me close to where Jessica said she was from. I really didn’t give it much thought, but it was definitely something to think about later!

Later that night, after I got myself all packed, I decided to go on-line for a little while. No sooner had I got on, when Jessica sent me a message. We started to talk, but I didn’t tell her about my weekend plans. I asked her what she was doing this weekend, and she told me that she was going out with some friends on Saturday night. She told me the name of the place, and where it was and I jotted it down on a piece of paper. I still really had no intention of trying to meet up with her, but I figured “just incase.” Besides, I was probably going to be a few hours away from wherever this place was.

I checked into the hotel Friday afternoon, and stayed in for the night, going over the client information I would need to know for the next day. 

Saturday morning proved to be successful. The meeting went extremely well. I even managed to drum us up a little extra revenue, something that was not expected of me, and I felt good. The meeting took less than half the time I expected, and even though I would have liked to think that it was my knowledge of the client and their needs that made things go so well, I knew the extra bit of cleavage my blouse revealed didn’t hurt either. 

It was around two in the afternoon, and I was sitting in my hotel room wondering what the hell I was going to do with the rest of my time here. Afterall, I really didn’t know the area, and I was just about to see if there was an earlier flight home when I remembered Jessica. I figured It might be worth seeing at least how far apart we were. After doing a little searching, it turned out that we weren’t very far away at all. Damn close as a matter of fact.

I spent much of the afternoon contemplating what I should do. I finally decided that it couldn’t hurt to at least check it out.

I tried to dress sexy, but not too revealing. As I got ready, I felt nervous, and I almost backed out like ten times. I kept telling myself how crazy this was. I mean, I really knew nothing about this girl, if she even existed. And even if she was who she said she was, how did I know if she actually wanted to meet me? Maybe she wanted nothing more than just an on-line fantasy.

All these thoughts kept running through my head, even as I pulled up in front of the place she said she was going to be. I sat in the car for like 15 minutes, debating weather or not to go in. I figured that I came this far. I couldn’t believe I was doing this. As nervous as I was, there was a part of me that found it very exciting, and besides, if I had been here and made no attempt to at least see her, I may have regretted it. At least that’s what I kept telling myself.

I sat at the bar for well over an hour, fighting off the advances of drunken frat boys. After a few too many drinks, I decided to just give up. What was I thinking? I really started to feel stupid, and was eager to get the hell out of there. 

I signaled the bartender to settle up, when out of the corner of my eye, I saw a girl hurry past me to the bathroom. It was her! I couldn’t believe it. It was actually her! My heart fell into my stomach, and I sat back down quickly. I had no idea what I was going to do. I spent the whole time thinking that this wouldn’t actually happen, and no time thinking what I would do if it did. I quickly grabbed a pen from my purse and a napkin, and made my way into the bathroom. She was standing at the sink, fixing her hair in the mirror when I walked in. She gave me a slight smile, and her eyes quickly looked me up and down before returning back to the mirror. I quickly jotted my screen name with my hotel name and room on the napkin and folded it in half. I stepped next to her and ran my hands under the water. I turned to look at her. She was just as pretty as her pictures.

“Jessica right?”

She turned and looked at me.

“Yea. How’d ya know?”

I smiled.

“Just a lucky guess.”

“Really. How do you know my name?”

“I heard you talking with your friends before.”

“Oh. Well nice to meet you.”

She turned to walk out.

“Jessica, I think this is yours.”

I handed her the napkin, and made a quick remark referring to one of my stories, as I walked out the door. I didn’t bother to look back as I left the restaurant and got into my car. My heart was pounding as I sped away.

When I got back to my room I wondered if I had done the right thing. I should have just told her it was me right there. What if she didn’t read the napkin. I reassured myself I did the right thing. The ball is in her court now. If she wants to meet me, she will. 

I stripped out of my clothes and got into my favorite short silk robe. I waited anxiously for what seemed like two hours, trying hard not to pleasure myself, as the possibilities of what could happen ran through my head.

I had been flipping through the television channels for the last forty-five minutes, as I had resigned to the fact that she probably wouldn’t show.

Just as I was about to give up and go to bed, there was a knock at the door. My stomach jumped, and I hurried across the room to open the door.

She stood in the hallway, tightly holding the napkin with both hands.

“I uh, I couldn’t get a ride here.”

I smiled, and she walked into the room. I could tell she was very nervous, probably just as nervous as me.

“So what are you doing here? I thought you said you lived in Jersey.”

“Yea I do. I had a business trip. I would have told you but I wasn’t sure…”

“I almost didn’t come. I mean, I wanted to but I never did anything like this before…”

“I know. I mean, me either. I’ve never done anything like this either. I know it’s a little…weird. ”

. She started to laugh.

“I can’t believer you’re here. I mean I can’t believe it’s you.”

“In person.” I said. “You uh, want a drink or something?”

“No I’m good.”

“Listen Jessica. I uh I don’t want you to think I’m some freak or something. I just, well I don’t know, I figured since I was here…”

“No, it’s okay. I mean, I didn’t have to come right?”

“Yea, well you want to uh…you want to sit down?”

I closed the door, and she sat in the chair in the corner of the room. Her hands were pressed tightly between her knees, and she looked around nervously. She really was cute. I was a little distracted by her nipples poking through the front of her tight shirt. I sat down on the corner of the bed, just a few feet across from her.

“So what do we do now?” She asked.

“I don’t know. I told you I’ve never done this before.”

We both laughed a little.

“I have to tell you, you look even better than your picture.”

“Thanks.”

I stood up, walked over to the television and turned it off. When I turned around, Jessica was standing right behind me.

She was looking me up and down. I walked up to her slowly, and grabbed her hand, placing it just above my right breast on my robe.

“You can touch me if you want.”

Her hand slid slowly down the silky fabric until the palm of her hand brushed across my nipple. She looked up at me and I smiled. I quickly reached down and untied my robe, letting it fall to the floor. Her eyes opened wider, and her hand moved quickly back to my breast. I shook slightly as her hands touched my skin. My pussy buzzed as her hands explored my breasts. 

I reached out slowly and grabbed the bottom of her shirt, lifting it up over her body. She raised her arms and let me remove her shirt. I reached around, unclasped her bra, and slid it off her shoulders. Her tits were magnificent. I reached out and pinched them gently between my fingers. I could feel them stiffen at my touch. 

I leaned in and kissed her soft lips. She kissed me back passionately, her tongue dancing around mine made me almost dizzy. Our breasts pressed together as we kissed, and I could feel her hands wandering over my body.

I pulled her slowly, leading her to the bed, and we both sat down side by side, barely breaking our kiss. I knew exactly what she wanted, and I wanted to give it to her. I reached between my own legs, and started to massage my stiffening clit. I could feel it throbbing as my fingers glided up and down my pussy. 

She broke away from me, and undid her jeans, sliding them on to the floor. She immediately started to play with her own pussy. I watched as her fingers slid up and down her moist slit. She was already so wet, and her fingers pumped easily in and out of her hole. 

I slid myself back further on the bed and pulled her towards me. She smiled, knowing exactly what I was thinking. I spread my legs apart, and she sat between them facing me. I threw one leg over hers and we inched closer together, so our pussies were just inches apart. I started rubbing my clit for her, and slid two fingers deep inside. She did the same. Her eyes roamed over my body as we fingered ourselves together. We took turns rubbing each other and ourselves until we were both close to cumming. 

I wanted to fill every desire that I knew she had. I reached around her waist and pulled her into me. I held on to her tight ass as she pumped her hips, grinding her pussy against mine. Our clits rubbed together, causing my body to burn with pleasure. She put her arms around my shoulders, and fucked me hard. I felt her clit sliding against my own, and I was on the edge of orgasm. Soon I felt her body stiffen and I knew she was cumming. I grabbed her hair and pulled her towards me, kissing her hard. Her warm juices covering my pussy as she came fueled my own orgasm. 

Her body collapsed into mine, and we didn’t move as we caught or breath. She sat on top of me, our bodies moist with sweat and pressed together. I could feel her muscles contracting as our orgasms subsided. 

When we caught our breath, I pushed her down and laid her gently on the bed. I kissed her lips, and worked my way down her body. I licked and bit her neck, working my way down to her firm tits. She moaned loudly as my tongue sucked her rock hard nipples.

I worked my way down further, past her belly-button until I reached her sweet pussy. Her clit was hard, and her pussy was swollen and red. I inhaled her sweet aroma and could hardly wait to taste her.

I gently ran my lips over her pussy. She tasted sweet. I extended my tongue, burying it between her soft lips. I worked it slowly up and down her slit, around her clit and back down, temporarily denying her what I new she wanted.

Her hips started to grind the air, waiting for my tongue to caress her sweet clit. I worked my way down to her open hole, and slowly slid my tongue in and out of her, letting her juice coat my tongue. Her hips pumped faster, and I worked my way further down to her ass. I rested my tongue gently in her ass, and her body jumped. I watched as she played with her tits, and her body begged me to make her cum again.

I let my tongue probe her ass until she was relaxed, and replaced it with a finger. I slowly worked my finger in her ass, and returned my tongue back to her throbbing clit. I wrapped my lips around her, and her body jerked suddenly. I pumped my finger faster, and sucked on her clit until she was screaming. Her pussy fucked my face, and I felt her asshole clench around my probing finger. She came hard again, and I eagerly lapped all of her sweet juice from her quivering hole.

She quickly pulled my face back to hers, tasting her sweet juices from my lips and tongue.

We made each other cum for hours, filling every desire we had. We did everything that we had ever talked about. Doing things to each other that we wouldn’t otherwise be able to do with anybody else. Finally she had to go, and we said goodbye. 

We still talk on-line, and we tell each other things that we would never tell anyone else. 

I don’t think I would ever meet anyone from the internet again, but I certainly won’t ever forget Jessica.