 My pantyhose were feeling way too restrictive so I stood up and begin to peel them off. You and Jessica also stood and she helped you out of your dress. I looked up and saw you and Jessica standing there in the warm glow of the candlelight, holding hands and looking at me. You were radiant in the amber light, your body perfectly curved and soooo inviting. Jessica was a gorgeous counterpoint to your bare skin in her black silk pantsuit. Naked, I moved behind Jessica and placed my moist lips on the back of her neck. I let the kiss linger and felt a ripple of shivers run up and down her spine. I kissed again in another spot just below her ear. Baring my teeth, I raked them against the skin I had just kissed and felt Jessica move back into me, her shoulder blades pressed against my breasts.

I moved my lips and gathered in her ear lobe into my mouth as my hands reached to her throat and undid the top bottom of her satiny blouse. You were standing in front of her, your lips moving immediately to the flesh I was exposing. Releasing her lobe, I moved my head to the other side of her neck, kissing the scented skin under her ear. I plucked the second button and exposed more of her chest – your lips sliding over every inch, nibbling, licking and kissing. I unfastened the next two more quickly, and the two round moons of her breasts were bathed in the candle light. As I sucked her other ear lobe, I watched as you enjoyed each curve, delighting in her moans as we both ignored her please to expose and tease her nipples.

I pulled down on the back of the blouse and gazed at the skin stretched over her flawless spine. I kissed each bump and felt her tip her head back, her hair falling in cascades over my face, entwining themselves in my lips. I undid another button – the one that was keeping her nipples hidden from view. I could feel her breasts sway as they were freed then heard her sharp intake of breath as I assumed your lips found one hard, anxious nipple. I released the rest of the buttons and tugged on the blouse, watching it flutter to the floor. I saw in the mirror behind you that you were cupping one of her breasts using your thumb to massage her nipple back and forth, while your tongue circled her other. I kissed further down her spine, feeling her rock and purr.

I reached the base of Jessica’s back and gave it butterfly kisses as I saw you tugging her nipple away from her chest with your pursed lips. Finding the zipper to her pants, I pulled it down and helped the fabric over the smooth mounds of her ass. I kissed the skin left uncovered by her black thong and then down the back of one leg.

Finished with that, I stood. I placed my bare breasts against her back and felt you move towards her front. As I reached my arms around her, I felt your body and included it in my embrace. The three of us savored the moment of three mostly naked women hugging.

As we let go, you moved Jessica to the couch and knelt in front of her as she sat. I moved to the right of her and folded my legs under me. I watched as you began a long lick-kiss up her slender leg. Jessica groaned and muttered "kiss me" and I obliged, moving my lips to hers. Her tongue languidly toyed with mine and I looked out of the corner of my eye to watch what you were doing.

Your head was now at Jessica’s crotch and I saw your tongue licking the taught fabric stretched over her pussy. Your hands had moved to under her ass and each palm held a firm cheek, gently kneading them. I watched your tongue as it moved to the edge of the thong covering her lips and slid under it, moving it aside enough so you could slide your warm tongue into her wet slit. Her kiss with me deepened as you penetrated her, and she sucked my tongue into her mouth pulling hard as she writhed, unable to control her pussy because of the hold you had on her ass. Jessica’s hand petted my breasts absently as your tongue drove deeper into her pussy, her knees opening and closing behind your head. As you pushed your tongue upwards out of her slit and towards her hooded clit, I felt Jessica’s hand dive between my legs and her finger pierce my cunt.

Your tongue had barely slid the skin sheath aside and only just touched her clit as she broke off our kiss and roared - her finger pumping in and out of me, her butt ineffectively bucking as her orgasm overpowered her senses. She tensed, relaxed, tensed again, then sagged against the pliant cushions of the couch and giggled

I watched you get up and walk over to the hall closet. Standing on your tip-toes (and providing Jessica and I a lovely view) you reached up and pulled down a large fluffy comforter, padded over to where we were sitting and laid it out on the floor. Jessica grabbed the pillows off the couch and tossed them on the bedspread.

Jessica and I slid off the couch and onto the comforter. Your living room was warm and the soft fabric of the spread embraced us as we settled in, propping our heads up with the pillows. Again I found myself between you and Jessica and saw your hand slip into the recess of a side table and pull out a plastic bottle. "Roll over, hon" you said and I flopped onto my tummy. You slid a small pillow under my hips, rising my ass in the air just a little. I heard the sounds of a couple of squirts from the bottle then the delicious sensation of four oiled hands touching my body at the same time.

Jessica positioned herself at my head, leaning over it and making long deep sweeping motions with her hands on my back and neck while you picked up one foot and began to rub. I felt your fingers slide into the valleys between my toes and gently massage. It sent delightful tremors surging up my back that were instantly calmed by Jessica’s strong caressing hands. You worked up my calves and to my knees as Jessica undid the knots in my neck then down my spine. I began to float away.

Slowly, oh so slowly, I returned to my body as I noticed that both set of hands were moving towards a meeting point in the middle of my body. Jessica’s hands were kneading my bottom as yours were moving up my inner thigh. I felt Jessica slide her hands into the groove between my cheeks and press them apart as your fingertips reached the sensitive cleft between my legs. I was so relaxed that the touch of your buttery fingers on my mound felt mildly comforting. 

But as your touch lingered, I realized that I was far more aroused than I had expected. I felt my pussy ignite and ache for more stroking. Jessica’s fingers had my crotch fully exposed and the pillow under me placed my mound open and accessible to your manipulations. Your fingers started a long trek, tracing my swollen lips, down and just near my clit, back up the other side, between my legs and then around my oiled asshole. You repeated this motion, over and over until I felt my entire body existed only in those sweet places you were touching. My pussy was hot and the wetness drooled out and oozed onto the comforter. Then (oh yesss) I felt you move from riming my asshole to tugging on one fat labia lip, releasing it then tugging on then the other. 

Tears came to my eyes as you placed your thumb at the entrance of my slit then slid the tip inside me. I clenched. You stopped. I relaxed. You pushed a little more. As we continued this, I felt the slightest prick of an oiled fingernail against the tight lips surrounding my asshole. As your thumb sank deeper, Jessica’s fingernail teased and calmed the muscles around my anus. Then I felt your finger glide down my leaking slit and brush against the fleshy sheath covering my clit. Pushing it aside, your fingerpad pressed my clit hard as Jessica’s finger penetrated my ass.

My body was in heaven. The combination of fingers and thumbs moving independently yet divinely orchestrated pushed me up beyond any peak I had ever experienced. I grabbed your thumb with my pussy, feeling Jessica’s thumb inside me beside you. My clit stiffly endured your rubbing, sending pulses echoing throughout my soul. Just before I climaxed, I remember wondering who it was that was yelling and was surprised to realize that it was me. And then I burst.