 I was in need of pampering. I decided to treat myself to a day at the upscale Tampa spa I frequented. When I arrived I was greeted promptly by a peppy receptionist and instructed to change into a robe in the ladies lounge. As I slipped out of my dress and into my fluffy white robe I scanned the room looking at the bodies of the other women in the room. I came across the tan well defined body of a gorgeous brunette. My gaze did not falter. When she looked up I smiled and let my eyes freely roam her body. When our eyes met again she was smiling. 

The trance was broken as I heard my name called. The first order of business was a salt scrub. I was instructed to disrobe and submerge my body in a hot jacuzzi to open my pores. After a short time I was asked to dry off and position myself comfortably on one of the tables. The long strokes combined with the warm salt scrub and warm hands instantly relaxed me. The strokes to my inner thighs induced tingly feelings between my legs. After a complete body rub I was told to step into the shower where six shower heads washed away the salt and left me feeling new. 

Before my deep tissue massage I was told that I would have an hour to relax and should take advantage of the sauna. I was handed a glass of champagne as I headed for the ladies lounge again. I took their advice and after finishing my drink I entered the sauna. I was feeling relaxed and slightly tipsy. I could see several other bodies in the room through the steam. I sat on one of the upper benches and took note of the other women as I adjusted to the warmth.

All of the women were toned and attractive. I could not find fault with any of them. Of the seven, two were very blond, three brunette and two with light brown hair. The brunette I was staring at earlier was in the group. I could feel myself getting excited and wet as I looked around at the veritable feast before me. Without a second thought I let my towel drop from my body. I spread my legs and started to rub my clit all the while looking at the brunette who had caught my eye earlier. One of the other brunettes gasped and mumbled something as she left the sauna in a huff. I was not daunted. The other women stared at me in disbelief but did not move. I slid two fingers into my pussy and fucked myself in front of everyone. The hot brunette dropped her towel while staring into my eyes. I had to have her. She parted her legs and leaned back on her elbows. I did not hesitate. I got up and walked over to her immediately. I went straight for her pussy. I could hear her gasp as my tongue pressed against her clit. As my tongue moved rhythmically all over her clit I reached out with my hands inviting the other women to come closer. I was not surprised to feel warm skin within my grasp. 

I looked to the left and saw a blond sliding up closer to us. I reached between her thighs and slid two fingers into her hot wet pussy. I fucked her as I looked to my right and saw the other blond. I grabbed her thigh and pulled her closer. I wanted her ass. I dipped my fingers into her soaking wet pussy just for a second and shoved my fingers into her ass. I alternated from sucking the brunettes clit to sliding my tongue from her cunt to her ass all the while fucking the blonds with my fingers. I was pleased to feel hands on my tits, squeezing and twisting my nipples. I moaned as one of my nipples was sucked by a hot wet mouth. I could feel myself getting ready to cum as a hot tongue slid into my pussy. I looked up and saw another women straddling the face of the brunette and I saw her tongue slip into her cunt. Fingers found my ass and pussy.I was fucking, being fucked and the moans all around me drove me to an incredibly intense orgasm. No one stopped for a second. We were hot, horny, and unstoppable. I moved from cunt to cunt. I fucked anything I could get my fingers and tongue into. I kept my legs spread wide open as tongues and fingers penetrated me without fail from every angle. I came too many times to keep track of. Wet throbbing pussy's and round full tits were all around me and I couldn't get enough. 

Finally, exhausted, we lay in a tangled heap. I was a bit startled to hear the door open and the sound of my name. It was time for my massage. I got up, found my robe, and smiled knowingly at the women as I left the sauna. I left the spa that day feeling completely relaxed and pampered and with phone numbers to five new friends.