 "Dear Diary...

Its day 3. I flaked on talking to Professor Bell and Jess is busy anyway. But I have found something to do for today. It's perfect for this project...and I get a paycheck out of it. A win-win if I've ever heard one.

Chelsea"

Chelsea knocked on the door and stood back for a second. The house was clearly owned by people with money but also modest. A woman about mid-30s named Jaimie answered the door and greeted Chelsea. 

"Come in please. You look sexy."

"Thank you."

Chelsea said with a smile as she walked around Jamie. 

"Have a seat in the kitchen and we'll talk about the contract."

"Got it."

Chelsea looked around as she headed to the kitchen. It was certainly the swankiest house she'd ever been in. Jamie walked by her and looked her over. Chelsea blushed a little but did a little modeling for her.

"Those jeans are really cute."

"Thanks, I forget where I got them."

"Dang. I couldn't pull them off like you anyway. Sit down."

Chelsea smiled and sat down. Jamie produced a contract from her purse and sat down, putting the contract in front of Chelsea. 

"The first page is just standard maid stuff but you're welcome to read it over. The second page is the one we need to be clear on."

Chelsea nodded and read over the contract. Finding it acceptable, she signs it and flips to the next page. 

"So before we get to the boring stuff, would you mind telling me a little more about your project?"

"Well I decided that while I was still young and single I'd spend my birthday month trying new things everyday. Sexually of course. Nothing extreme or illegal though."

"Of course, of course. What have you done so far? It's been two days right?"

"Mhm. First I sucked off a classmate in the university library and for day two I masturbated with a friend of mine while we watched a porno."

"Sounds really hot."

She eyes up Chelseas body and Chelsea stands up to give her a full view twirling a little. They go over the details of the submissive part of the contract once Chelsea sits back down.

"You have the right to refuse anything, you have the right to tell us if we go to far, and the right to leave if you feel uncomfortable. You'll still be payed though. You constant to this and being of legal age, so on and so on."

Chelsea nods and looks it over once more before signing her name. 

"How old are you by the way, I forgot to ask."

Jamie slid the contract back over to her and stored it away in a drawer. 

"20 but I'll be 21 in a couple weeks."

"Nice, nice, they were very good years for me."

Chelsea smiles and pushes her hair back. 

"Shall we start your day?"

"Sure. What do you need done first?"

"...I'd like to see what this body looks like uncovered."

Jamie smirked but there was a slight redness in her cheeks. Chelsea smiled and nodded. 

"Part of the job...mistress?"

"No mistress just Jamie."

Chelsea nodded and pulled off her top, exposing the purple bra underneath. 

"You have such nice boobs. What size are you?"

"Uh depends on the brand. Sometimes a B sometimes a C."

She smiles and Jamie cups her breasts. 

"Firm..."

She squeezes them softly. 

"So soft too."

"Thank you."

Jamie smiled and motioned to Chelseas jeans. She unbuttons her jeans and lets them fall to her ankles and steps out of them. Jamie looked her up and down before walking around behind Chelsea. 

"You have such a cute butt. Do you like being spanked?"

"I don't really have experience with it. If you want to you can."

Jamie, without hesitation, claps her hand against Chelseas ass. She blushes but a small smile comes to her face. 

"You liked it."

"I did."

"Let my husband try it later and your knees will melt."

They both giggled and Jamie collected Chelseas clothes and out the on the table. 

"Are you all set Chelsea? Any questions, just feel free to come to me or my husband."

"Ok. Yeah I'm ready, what shall I do first?"

Jamie smiled and sat down, spreading her legs and pulling her dress up a little. Chelsea nodded and got down on her knees. Jamie played with her a little as she moved in closer.

Chelsea started slow, teasing Jamie's pussy with soft kisses and gently rubbing her clit. 

"Hey Kerry, just in time for the show."

Jamie giggled, Chelsea figured Kerry was Jamie's husband and stayed focus. She stared to lick Jamie's wet pussy. Jamie moaned a little but it was cut off by a kiss from Kerry. 

"Chelseas got me so wet. You'll love...her."

Her sentence was broken up by a loud moan as Chelsea licked faster. Jamie's thighs closed a little as her moaning got louder. Her thighs closed a little more and Chelsea could feel start to shake. 

Jamie moaned loudly and gripped one arm on the chair as she came hard. Chelsea kept giving her head gradually slowing down as her orgasm ended. Chelsea pulled back and licked her lips. Jamie sat with her legs open, panting. 

"...I think I need to raise your pay."

Chelsea giggled and stood up.

"May I get dressed Jamie?"

"Of course..."

Jamie squirmed a little in her chair as Chelsea started to redress.

"...Me and Kerry will be pretty busy with work all day. The chores list is right there on the fridge and we'll come find you or call if we need...a break...I might be calling for you a lot."

Chelsea smiled and blushed. Jamie slowly stood up and stretched and wished Chelsea good luck before the two separated to start their days. Everything was quiet for about a half hour. Chelsea was in the laundry room, when Jamie knocked on the door frame. She was naked with her clothes in her arms, and a smile in her face.

"Jamie, can I say something?"

"Of course Chelsea."

She hands over the clothes and Chelsea sorts them.

"I really can't wait to see Kerrys cock."

"Seeing it's one thing, feeling it is another thing entirely."

Chelsea sighed with a smile as she finished loading the washer. 

"Jamie, would you mind taking your pants off?"

Chelsea didn't respond, she just undid her pants and pushed them down, stepping out of them. 

"Panties too."

"Of course Jamie."

Chelsea steps out of her purple lace panties and tosses them with her jeans. Jamie gently bends her over, getting down on her knees. 

"You have such a cute little pussy."

"Thank you."

Chelsea closes her eyes as Jamie's finger slowly rubs against her lips. Her pussy gets wet as Jamie's finger moves back and forth. She grunts in pleasure as Jamie's free hand suddenly slaps against her ass.

"Chelsea. You totally liked being spanked. That made you so wet."

"Mmmm I know."

She giggled and Chelsea stood up. She rubbed Chelseas ass as she slid two fingers into her pussy. 

"You've done such a nice job with the house so far. You don't mind do you?"

"I'm here to be your pet Jamie."

"Still."

She slowly fingers her tight soaked cunt, squeezing softly on her small but plump ass. 

"Faster Chelsea?"

She didn't wait for her to answer before speeding up, causing Chelsea to moan. She grips the side of the washer as Jamie spanks her again, causing her to squeal in pleasure. 

Her fingers kept going faster and faster. Chelseas leg started to shake as Jamie spanked and fingered her until she came hard. Her cum running down and covering Jamie's hand. 

"You came so much."

"I...couldn't...yeah."

Jamie laughed as she slowed down bringing Chelseas orgasm down slowly as well...

"Jamie do you mind..."

"Of course not, take a little break."

She sucked Chelseas cum off her fingers. Chelsea panted leaning against the washer, a big satisfied smile on her face.