 We enter the store and immediately go to the aisle where the anal plugs are located, remembering from an earlier visit exactly their location. Looking at you and sizing up your mood, I select a large plug and readily see that the choice pleases you. 

I lean over to kiss you and whisper "You are such an ass whore." Your hands touching the toy, almost caressing it through it's packaging, feeling the cone shaped plug and gaugeing it's girth; knowing that soon you'll be filled by it.

Taking you by the hand, I lead you to the back of the store. No one is in sight but I sense a presence nonetheless. Ignoring the sense of company, since it doesn't matter as I'm going to put this in your ass no matter who catches a glimpse, I begin to open the package and tell you to turn around and lean over the glass display case. 

"Did you pick up lube." 

I see you shake your head no and I tell you to stay as you are and that I'll be right back. As I turn to go seek some, a petite young blonde appears from behind the clothing rack to our right and says, "I can help you Ma'am." 

I look her over now seeing her in full view; green eyes, small frame with large breasts for her size, nipples pushing through her too tight cotton top, obviously no bra and nice mouth with fuller lips. 

"Yes, I believe you can. What's your name?" 

"Tara, Ma'am" she responds. 

"Do you know what my baby needs Tara?" 

She looks at me and nods and walks to you, kneeling down behind you before lifting your short skirt over your hips; she lightly strokes your thighs, slowly and gently putting you at ease. I look at her and nod; her mouth opens and says to me that you are beautiful. 

The words no sooner leave her lips and her tongue is licking up and down your crevice. I move to watch, coming next to you and taking your hand. We share one, then many kisses as she readies you for me. Between them, I watch her and describe for you how she looks. 

"Jenny, her tongue is very long and she loves what she's doing baby," I whisper to you.

Tara then pulls your cheeks open and holds them in the palms of her tiny hands and moves in as I watch the tip of her tongue find your rim. I look at you and see your eyes closing as I tell you that she looks hot rimming you, and that she is lapping your ass, and that I can tell you like it because her tongue just went in with no problem. 

She looks up at me, smiles and says, "She's delicious" before stiffening her tongue and letting me watch it dart into your pucker. She opens your cheeks even further, pushing her face forward and her tongue deeper; I feel you squirm and watch as your hips raise up and push back.

Looking down, I see only the top of her blonde head along with her nipples jutting out like proud blossoms. Then I see her hand sliding under your butt to your pussy and she slowly and purposefully begins to rub you off as she takes her pleasure licking your now loosened rim.

As I continue to watch, I look down and notice she has licked you so well, and with so much saliva, I see droplets of it on the floor. "I think she's ready Tara," as I wave the plug. 

The look on her face is one of disappointment but I know it's time for you to have more...much more. 

I move behind you and move your feet back with mine, hooking your heals with the front of my shoes and moving you back one foot at a time. Tara taking my cue moves around and under you now that we created for her a space. As I place the tip at your opening slowly turning it I look down to see this little bitch now tonguing your clit. Smiling to myself I begin to twist your new toy up to your muscle. 

"Baby it's big so it may hurt a little at first," and with that I give a push to get your muscle stretched. 

You moan in that special way...the sound of pleasurable pain and I know my baby is where she needs to be and getting what she needs to have. Tara braces you by putting her hands on your cheeks and holding them open for me, all the while her long tongue bathing you and working your pussy. 

As a reward I back out your plug and reach around, offering it to her; without a word, she silently takes it into her lips, sucking it; the sides of her cheeks collapsing and filling over and over as she cleans you off of it for her pleasure, and mine. 

Then in one swift movement, she goes down on the entire plug startling me as she swallows it; her throat expanding and bulging as she looks up at me with her green eyes. 

She relaxes her mouth and throat and releases your plug back to me covered in shiny saliva, freshly wettened for your asshole. I quickly put it back at your opening and it slides so easily to where it was before. 

"I'm going to push again baby so flex your knees for me". 

You flex as I push and twist the cone into your ass more deeply. 

"Almost," I exclaim as I look at your ass seeing only about another inch left at it's widest with the bottom still sticking out of you. 

Taking the bottom tip in my fingers. I rotate the plug; watching you writhe and Tara lick at you, wondering which action is causing you to squirm so. I move along side of you, kissing your lips and nuzzling into your ear to whisper, "The next twist and push and your ass is fucked!" Then gently placing my hand on your cheek before returning to my position behind you. 

"Tara, I'm going to fill my baby now and have to give her a good fuck push." 

Her little soft voice whispers, "May I look?"

I tell her, yes, and she crawls under you to look at your ass. We hear, "MMMM, that is so hot looking as it sticks out from her, almost in but not quite. She must be so hot!" 

I suggest she check your temperature and I watch as she rolls her tongue around your stretched rim.

"Yes, she is ready" 

"Then finish it," I tell her. 

I come back around to you, holding your face and kissing you. Telling you, "She'll do fine, she is quite enamored of you."

Holding you, I watch as Tara slowly turns the plug in your ass and pushes tentatively. 

"No Tara, give it to her...hard." 

She puts the palm of her hand on the bottom tip of the plug and looks at me. 

"Push it. Fuck her now!"

Her nipples pressing against the material of her top, almost bursting through at my words; she leans over, and while rubbing them on your back, gives you the push that you need. 

"IN" she says as she then begins to turn it. 

I lift your chin to see your eyes glazed over along with your weak smile. 

Kissing you and whispering, "You are there now baby, relax and enjoy. I'll hold you. Tara , fuck my baby now just like you want me to fuck you." 

She smiles and nods, "Yes Ma'am but will you fuck me?" 

I reply, "Lets see how you fuck my Jenny first."

She slowly turns the plug, causing you to raise your hips, I kiss you and whisper, "She's doing well." Your eyes barely open tell me that you agree. 

Tara rubs your cheeks after every few turns then walks up and kisses you softly over and over on your lips; wetting them, tracing them with her tongue and leaving them moistened. Her hand gently reaches under your blouse and I see her caress your breast and squeeze you gently. 

I notice her eyes close as she touches you and the smile on her face is priceless. 

She moves behind you again, "Jenny, I love your ass" as she begins...turning and pushing slowly....in and out, the plug deep in your ass; pulling it out gently and letting the bottom of the cone "pop" your rim. Pushing it back slowly, allowing your ass to wrap itself over the cone each time as we look amazed; by your ass and how good you look being fucked. 

She bends forward occasionally licking and spitting, keeping you lubed like a good bitch for me.

I reach down, finding your clit, and together we work you to climax after climax. 

I catch you as you wobble on your heels, about to fall, and walk you down the hall; Tara helps by putting your arm over her shoulder. You walk with us, your skirt still over your hips and your plug sticking proudly from your ass. 

"Open the door and we'll take her to a booth."

I kiss you and straighten you up, pulling your skirt down a little before we pass through the door; but not so far down that you can't see the tip of the plug. 

The door swings open and we see all the people there. They turn as we enter...

(To be continued)