 The skin padding the lower half of my palms was rubbing raw, as was that on my knees and the top of my feet. My back aching with the weight of carrying my lover as she rode me about the house. 

Filled at one end with a long, thick plug, adorned with long strands of black hair that waved and swayed between my legs; the other with a hard, slightly slimy leather bit used to turn and control my movements. Dangling from the tips of my breasts, small metal balls attached to clips that stretch and torture my nipples.

She was still clothed but I could sense her excitement by the heat warming my lower back and by the relish with which she would twist to slap my ass from time to time. Her feet and legs the only visible parts to me, her feet in a pair of spiked heels and legs enclosed by shimmery dark hose. The tip of one shoe still shiny from when she rubbed me between the legs with it after she had slid the plug end of the tail into me.

One hand gripped my hair and yanked it back to get me to stop. In my concentration to make her ride comfortable, I missed the bell. It rang again and was clear even over my labored panting around the bit.

"Wait here," she directed as her feet set down on the ground and she lifted off me. I turned my head and watched her shapely, firm legs and ass as she left the room. A door opens and greetings exchanged. The second voice familiar but a shock as not someone I would have expected.

Was she being sent away? I can make out snatches of conversation but the voices remain distant. Then quiet, the seconds slowly ticking by. I wait and fight the pounding in my ears to hear, rather than imagine what is being said or done.

Finally footsteps. Two sets and I suck air loudly in a panic to try to control myself. Can she really be coming here now? Will she be allowed to see me in this state? OMG, what will she think? The questions exploding in my mind, making my arms shake as I stay crouched as she left me.

The door squeaks and, wide-eyed, I turn to face it. My lover enters first and pulls her in by the hand behind her. My fears confirmed, Sarah smiles at me with a look of, not quite surprise, but wonder and curiosity.

Dressed in an outfit I helped her pick out, the half-sleeve blouse buttoned up to ensure that the fullness of her breasts are accentuated, the skirt oh so short with a small slit over the left thigh to allow a daring glimpse, or at least imply it, at the upper limits of her inner thighs. Like my lover, a pair of spiked heels, hers with a strap about the ankle, raise her up and give added definition to her calf's. Unlike her, legs are bare although I think dark hose would have been a better choice. Over her shoulder, a large overnight bag, the sight of which increases the growing ball of terror within my guts.

Sarah's hand is locked with my Mistress' with the fingers of the other stroking and tracing up and down the length of her arm. A position I have occupied many times before as the proud bitch of my lover. Sarah's eyes never leave me, although they shift along my body and its adornments.

"Didn't I tell you she looks so sexy with her tail? My very pretty pony."

Sarah nods and I can almost feel her hand tighten in my Mistress'. Unable, or afraid to, move, I watch frozen as she turns her face into Sarah's hair and nuzzles at her ear. A whisper exchanged that I miss but Sarah's eyes are sparkling.

"I invited Sarah here for the night. Or perhaps longer. And," as she speaks her free hand lifts and slowly undoes the top button of Sarah's top, "as you can see, she agreed."

Her fingers gently pull open and spread the top button of Sarah's blouse, then lower and undo the second one with a practiced ease. The movements casual and measured, with no rush at all. The blouse again opened and smoothed before the next button and then the fourth is laid bare, baring also the soft swell of her breasts and then the lace of the demi bra that barely manages to contain them.

Slipping her hand inside to cup and weigh the fullness of one breast, my Mistress leans in to kiss her. Their lips meeting tenderly but soon opening and lips and tongues moving with passion and desire. Sarah using both hands to cling to the single one in her grasp.

The kiss breaks and she glances at me then back to Sarah. "Would you like to ride her?" Then, before Sarah can answer, she shakes her head, "Oh silly question, of course you will ride her. Its really a matter of when."

You both trade smiles and, in unison, gaze back at me. Her hand retreats from inside Sarah's top and travels down her side. Reaching the hem of her skirt, she raises it while stepping sideways, the motion forcing Sarah to turn as well so that her rear is facing me.

The raised skirt first reveals a thin band of material stretching over her hips and joined before disappearing between her ass cheeks. Turning Sarah again for a moment, I see the bare minimal patch that covers Sarah's pussy that is supported by those twin strings. The skirt's hem still up, my Mistress rubs one cheek before giving it a hard slap and drawing a gasp of surprise, and pleasure, from Sarah's mouth.

"Such a nice tight ass. And I think that it will warm so nicely under my hand. What do you think Sarah, should I continue? Or would you rather watch me beat my bitch first as I promised you?"

Sarah's head drops to her shoulder, her lips move but I'm unable to make out the words. This draws another slap of my Mistress' hand.

"Speak up! I barely heard you and I'm sure Jenny didn't at all." This instruction given with another slap of her hand upon the blushing flesh of Sarah's bum.

"I want to see you hit her." The words torn from Sarah's lips then smothered by my Mistress' as she acknowledges her wish with a series of kisses broken with small snatches of additional questions and promises.

"Will it get you hot to see me strike her?"

"Yes...."

"You know she needs and enjoys a firm, strong hand..."

"I've wondered..."

"It makes her fuck that much harder..."

"Mmmmm"

Her hand wanders up into Sarah's hair at the back of her head and I see her fingers dig in, then pull Sarah's head back. Her lips traveling along her throat up towards her ear.

"I like my bitch...my bitches...to fuck hard, you know that don't you?"

"Y...yesss..."

"And you want me to beat you too, don't you Sarah? You want to be my bitch as well."

As the tongue invades her ear, Sarah pulls the clutched hand with hers at her crotch, attempting to rub herself upon them.

"Mmmmm...yes..." 

The yes said so softly it almost didn't register but, then again, it wasn't really needed. Any chance to repeat it louder taken away as Sarah's mouth was taken again by my lover's. The kiss deep and hard with Sarah sucking wetly at her tongue.

Then with a sharp shove, she separates from Sarah and takes two quick steps to me. Her hand arcing along with the second step and slapping me hard across the face, knocking the bit out of my mouth. 

I'm hypnotized by the glee in her eyes as she grabs my hair and strikes me twice more across the face before ordering me to stand. She gives me one soft kiss and a gentle caress on my cheek before taking a half step back. Then her hand moves up and down, slapping the clamp and weight off one breast then the other.

"Do you want to watch me fuck her?" Her hand rising and falling, raising a blush then a burning redness to my left breast. I don't answer and she pinches and twists my nipple rudely before stretching it out and beating the taunt skin of my breast some more.

"Oh I know you do...and you will. You will watch me bitch her, bitch fuck her and beat her to my heart's delight." Her fingers pressing down harder, squeezing my nipple to a level never explored before.

As my mouth opens to let a long moan escape, she slaps me again. "Do you think she will make a good bitch?"

Her next slap makes me fall to the floor. Looking up at, and past her, I see Sarah madly rubbing at her sex with both hands while she watches us. My Mistress grabs a handful of my hair and twists my head with the other hand held high.

"Well...will she?" And the hand flies down and cracks the stillness of the room with the loud blow.

I turn my hot face back to her, "Not as good as me..." and see her lips curl up into a grin. She pushes my head down and tells me to get back on my hands and knees. Then she instructs Sarah to mount me.

Sarah's heels tap tap on the floor as she nears but it stopped before she sits down on me. "Take off your thong." Followed by the sound of fabric sliding down flesh and one shoe then the other banging on the floor in the effort to get it off.

Sarah is then upon me, her hot wet pussy lighting up the skin on my back. 

"Open." "She lost her bit so this will do instead."

My mouth is filled, with the corners pulled back, as the wet thong is inserted and the side straps pulled back behind my head for Sarah to hold as reins. My Mistress gives one ass cheek then the other a short series of slaps to warm me to the coming task.

"Take her to my bed."

I crawl towards the hall and the stairs, scraping my hands and knees some more as I do. My pace slow and measured which is quickly corrected by a swift lash from my Mistress' crop on my upper thigh/lower cheek. Sarah hooking her legs under me and using the thong-bit, along with a handful of hair, to stay balanced.

The climb up the stairs difficult and painful with the thong ripping at my mouth and the constant pull at my hair. My Mistress continued to lash me to keep me from stopping or depositing Sarah to the stairs. Finally at the top, Sarah whispers a kindness and touches my face, her kindness rewarded with another wicked kiss of the crop on my ass.

Sarah dismounts at bedside and stands beside me as we wait for my Mistress' next command. She stands with hands on hips inspecting us both with the crop pointed skyward at an angle from her hip.

"Don't you think you should thank my pony for carrying you here?"

Kneeling next to me, Sarah removes the bit before taking my face between her hands and softly kissing me. Our mouths meld together with tongues renewing acquaintances just as her head is jerked back.

"That's enough for now. Get undressed. And you go over there."

She points to the floor adjacent to foot of the bed and I move quickly to the stop. Sarah removes her top and her bra in short order, standing with nipples hard and proud for us to see, her heavy breasts bobbing slightly as she tosses them aside. She unzips and scoots out of her skirt.

"No, leave them on."

My Mistress indicates her heels and I think that they do enhance her legs but that they are pointless in bed. However, I keep my opinion to myself knowing that to offer it would not be welcome.

Sarah is beckoned closer and begins to undress my Mistress. She does so carefully and with many small caresses, demonstrating her appreciation for her beauty and in thanks. Beneath her skirt, she wore panties and a garter attached to her hose. Sarah was allowed to pull down her panties but not the garter, the hose or the heels on her feet.

Instead Sarah is permitted to run her hands up and down my Mistress' legs, her lips planting little kisses along the tops of the hose. As she moves her face towards the other leg, I can't help but notice how Sarah casually brushes her nose into the patch of fur covering her mound. Pausing there for a second to inhale her fragrance before finding the soft skin above the second stocking.

Fingers snake and curl in Sarah's hair and she raises up to stand face-to-face with my lover. One hand slips to the back of her head, holding her for the long, sensuous kiss they exchange. Both sets of full breasts pressing together and plumping out as mouths suck at each other.

Sarah is led to the bed and they continue their embrace upon the mattress. Hands moving from breasts, to sides, to arms, to faces, to bellies, to legs, to asses, soft erotic caresses as they begin to become familiar with each other's body and triggers. Kissing nonstop, nylon covered knee between non-nylon covered legs, the pair of heels adding a visual foot fetish element that I suddenly find overwhelming.

A long finger disappears into Sarah's sex, then reappears to wet her clit. Rubbing it and making her hips rotate in response. Then the finger returns to her hot, liquid tunnel, exploring it over and over until Sarah's moans interrupt the kissing.

The wet finger gleams as it plays again at the hard nub, making Sarah's movements more frantic as she pushes and raises her hip in time with its dance. My lover kisses up the swell of the nearest breast, then captures its tip with teeth pulling followed by tongue pressing within the open mouth that claims and nurses from the breast. Sarah is brought to the edge but not over, the finger withdrawn, leaving her panting with eyes tightly closed.

The finger glosses Sarah's lips with her own wetness and then is fed to her. I watch and listen to her slurp on the digit in her mouth and wish that I could also taste her juice. Glancing down, I see Sarah's pussy lips are still open from the recent invasion with the lips thick and slick and I know that she is wordlessly begging for more attention there. The finger travels again over her lips, circling twice before the open palm of my Mistress' hand slips under her head and directs Sarah up and down.

Sarah suckles eagerly at a breast, eyes still closed with mouth working intently. Her tongue darts out from time to time as she manipulates the nipple and draws it erect. Sarah's right hand is covered and pulled between my Mistress' legs, the fingers plowing together in the fur then into the opening valley.

"Wet your fingers, then play with my clit."

Sarah is happy to oblige and I see her open my Mistress' folds and ease one finger then another into her. As Sarah turns her hand to finger deeper, I see the bloated and stiff clit demanding attention and tribute.

"Use your fingers. Not too hard but I want you to pull me. Jerk my clit."

Sarah sucking becomes louder, greedy, as her slick fingers turn to the task. They move around and over her engorged clit before they gently pinch together to hold it. Instinctively, she tugs it carefully, gently with short quickening strokes.

"Mmmmm, yes that's it. Jerk my little cock. Get it good and hard so I can fuck you with it."

Sarah's mouth pops off her breast and she moans out, "Can I look? I want to see it."

A twist of her hair and Sarah's head is pushed down with this wish granted. Her head laid across her belly, her eyes wide as she spy's the long, thick nub between her fingers. Gifted in length, Sarah is drawn to it as all the others have before, so erotic and full of promise.

"Its so beautiful. I've never seen anything like it," Sarah's voice carrying a tint of awe as her fingers slightly twist and stretch it further. My Mistress' head falls back in delight and joy at Sarah's ministrations and platitudes.

"Use your mouth. Suck it and make me cum."

Sarah head swiftly moves and she takes her. I can hear the sucking as her lips and tongue join in to bring her ecstasy. Her head held, my Mistress' hips thrusting upwards in hard, short bursts as she fucks her mouth.

With a verbal growl, "Wrap your lips around it and SUCK. Do it BITCH. Do it NOW."

Wishing it was me being commanded to suck it, knowing that I knew exactly what was wanted and how it was wanted, instead I was delegated to ogling the instruction of Sarah. I had to observe her being shoved and kicked until she was properly between her legs, legs whose ankles soon hooked over the small of Sarah's back while her face was fucked. Fucked hard and brutal as my Mistress took and made use of her mouth and lips, bodies twisting on the bed as she reached her climax and came on Sarah's face.