 Released, Sarah attempted to move up her body, gliding her own very wet pussy along my Mistress' leg. An attempt that was rebuffed with her head yanked back, an angry fistful of hair used to impel her right back down.

"You're not done yet."

Sarah's mouth and chin shiny and wet as she looks up at her. Then she kisses at the firm flesh exposed above the nylons as the legs are pulled up to her chest, exposing her backside. Sarah understanding, extended her pink muscle and glides down between the folds and into the dark star; Sarah's hands separating her cheeks so that she can lick deeply.

Holding her knees to her chest, my Mistress wiggles her butt down on Sarah's face. I can see the tendons in Sarah's neck strain as her jaw moves and I know that her tongue has found the puckered entrance and is working a bit of magic there. Knowing from experience that Sarah will please her well here without need for much direction.

"Oh, that's it. Eat my ass." My Mistress' hand brushing Sarah's locks off her forehead so that they can make eye contact as Sarah's tongue explores her dark depths. "You do like licking ass don't you, Sarah?" the words said softly with a smile now.

"That's good, because my bitches must always..." the sentence interrupted by a sharp gasp and then a glance my way, "mmmmm, she's got it inside me already..." her hips rocking, "...I think she'll make a fine bitch."

A hand to Sarah's forehead pushes her back as my Mistress' legs lower and she turns to her side. Reaching for several pillows, she rolls them under her as she finishes her spin onto her belly, now with her ass raised up.

"Ok, get back to it. I know you weren't done were you?" A evil, wicked grin on her face as she looks back over her shoulder at Sarah, and at me behind her at the foot of the bed.

Sarah's hands pull her cheeks wide, allowing me to see the rosebud that is quickly licked and rimmed before Sarah's head moves in and hides it from my sight. With her head resting on her crossed arms, my Mistress offers her encouragement and tortures me further.

"Mmmmm that feels so good. Get your tongue in deeper. Yes, like that...." Soft moans and sighs follow as she luxuriates in having her ass licked. With each flex of her facial muscles as Sarah wiggles her tongue in and out of her anal tunnel, my ass clenches on the large plug filling my ass, and a look from my Mistress tells me that she knows precisely what I am thinking and suffering.

"Get your fingers wet again. I want you to jerk me while you eat my ass."

I feel a rivet of wetness oozing down my thigh as I see Sarah probe for moisture then take hold on her clit again. Wet sucking sounds coming from her mouth as her forearm moves slightly bringing my Mistress' head up again.

"You got me so hard. Pull faster but not so hard. Jerk my clit you bitch, jerk it good and I'll fuck you with it next but don't you dare take that tongue out of my ass!"

Sarah makes lewd whimpering noises as she presses her face tight to her ass and pulls at the wicked hardness that she desires more than anything before in her life. Unable to touch herself, her legs are wrapped tight together and she grinds against the mattress.

"Do you want me to fuck you now? Do you BITCH?"

Sarah can't answer and is thrust backwards as my Mistress pushes up on her knees and gyrates in one fluid movement over the now prone Sarah. Sarah looks up into my face briefly before I'm obscured by the body between us. Sarah immediately spreads her legs and lifts up her knees as my Mistress settles in between them.

"Ohhhh..." spoken in surprise and awe as Sarah feels the hardness of my Mistress' erect clit in her cunt. Amazed that she is actually inside her even though she had felt and sucked and seen the miniature cock that was my Mistress' clit. The two woman locked together at the crotch as they fuck wildly in an effort to cum.

"Mmmmm, your pussy is so nice and wet for me. I like bitches with hot wet cunts, don't I baby?"

Her voice shaky and tainted with raw lust, Sarah ends her silence, "Fuck me. Please fuck me and let me cum."

But instead of complying, my Mistress stops moving and holds frozen above Sarah. Sarah who humps and cries and thrusts and rolls in an effort to gain the crest and achieve orgasm. But held tight, she cannot do so.

"And what else? What else do you want and will you give me?" A smile flowing from her lips and eyes as she looks into Sarah's wide eyes below her.

"Fuck me. Make me your bitch! I want to be your bitch. But please fuck me, I need to cum!"

Their breasts smash together as my Mistress lowers down, bringing her mouth to Sarah's ear. "And what else?" Her teeth bite down on Sarah's earlobe and stretch it out, stretching it painfully out.

A howl of pain, mouth openly and closing then the whispered request in a tiny voice, "...and slap me..." her voice gaining volume, "and...beat me..." a sharp intake of air, "beat me like your bitch Jenny."

"I will Sarah, I will. But not now, now is for fucking...as long as you know what you want." And with that her hips begin to move again. Humping and grinding Sarah into the bed, her mouth moving from ear to lips, drowning out Sarah's cries in a deep kiss.

I close my eyes and concentrate on the sounds filling the room. No more words, only grunts and pants and moans. Sarah fucked and allowed to cum then fucked some more. Fucked until my, our, Mistress reaches her orgasm.

Afterwards, they laid together for a while resting until their breathing was back to normal and the sheen of sweat upon them faded. Sarah lain, with a look of satisfaction, flat on her back with our Mistress' leg over hers and her head resting on Sarah's shoulder. A satisfaction that turned her lips upward into a soft smile as a hand drifted up and ran fingers around the swell of a breast and around a nipple.

Six eyes watching the fingers as they teased the nipple, guiding round it, over it, a finger circling lightly upon the tip. The nipple responding and resuming its full height, becoming easy prey for the fingers that pinched it, pinched it hard and pulled it out. Stretching it and stretching it until the look of satisfaction changed and Sarah had to close her eyes and bite her lower lip to remain quiet. The nipple snapping back as it slipped out but, just a quickly reclaimed and tugged again, twisted as well as pulled this time until, several long seconds later, finally let go by design, 

Slipping out of bed, our Mistress goes to her closet and finds her duffel bag. We both peer intently as she finds then steps into a strap on harness graced with a large black dildo, lifelike including a budging vein that snakes up the underside between a thick mushroom head and set of heavy balls. Returning with a giant tube of tube in hand, she kneels next to Sarah's head with the cock dangling.

Sarah goes up on one elbow and takes the cock into her mouth. Sucking at it, wetting it with her tongue, she begins to prepare it and I wonder if any of my residue remains on it. A slight aftertaste that Sarah might relish without understanding its source.

Hips moving forward to feed more of the cock to Sarah, "Come on, open up and suck my cock good. Show me if you can be trusted as a real cock sucking whore if needed."

Sarah's lips thin out as they surround the girth of the realistic man meat stuffed further inside her face. Hands on her head, hips slightly rocking, she is fed more of it and I can hear her hum and swallow at it. Pulled back until just the tip is inside her lips, Sarah's tongue is visible as she uses it along the glands and into the perfect piss hole at its apex.

"Hold still and open." 

Sarah's eyes look upwards as the hands grip her head tighter. A slow and steady thrust forward of hips and the cock begins to disappear. I watch amazed as it descends ever deeper into Sarah's throat, her nose billowing to take air.

"She's done this before," the words directed to me as the entire shaft of the cock is hidden by Sarah's lips. Even though there is no more to be had, I see her hips continue to push forward with a little rotation that makes Sarah's head jiggle and twist. 

Then, as slow as it entered, the cock makes its return. Glistening and wet, inch by inch it exits Sarah's mouth and throat. When again only the head remains engulfed, I see fingers tighten in her hair and the beast is pushed back in, faster this time, and buried once more.

"Oh my, she is good at this isn't she? Well, lets see how she handles a face fucking."

Sarah eventually gags as the cock is propelled in and out. The sound of which brings a wicked grin on our Mistress' face but no let up in her movements. Then with a snarl she reminds her that she better not gag any more as she grinds back down into her. 

Spit is dripping from Sarah's chin as the cock is pulled back and out. More saliva pouring out from her lips as the head sways before her lips, the cock shiny and dripping as well. Sarah closes and swallows then quickly opens her lips and waits, the head swaying close and threatening reentry.

"Should I fuck you with this now Sarah? Do you want this big thick cock inside you?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Tell me what you want me to do with it."

"Please fuck me Mistress. Shove that cock inside my pussy."

"Just your pussy?"

"No Mistress."

Sarah is laid back on the bed with our Mistress positioning herself between her spread legs. The cock sinks deeply inside her and the two return to a passionate coupling as before, but this time with long sure thrusts where the cock never breaks contact with Sarah's tight innards.

Several minutes in, they switch places with our Mistress on her back and Sarah lowering herself down upon the black shaft. Her tits bouncing as she rides it, fucking herself good and hard upon it. Nearing orgasm, Sarah is directed to face the other direction and she turns upon the cock and takes hold of our Mistress' ankles.

Her hips rotating and rocking, her rosebud visible to us as the dark meat brings her closer and closer. Sarah anticipates some attention there but it does not come. But the anticipation drives her faster and harder upon the cock and she cums loudly for us to hear.

"Now clean my cock of your juice, but use only your lips and tongue so we can see."

Sarah performs quickly. Licking and kissing at the shaft as she chases after every drop.

"Don't forget my balls. Show us how you take care of your man after he's fucked you."

The pink tongue slides over and around the black pouch at the base of the cock. Her mouth opens and she engulfs them, forgetting the instruction not to use her mouth, before letting them back into the open. Sarah gently lifts at one leg to allow her tongue to move from balls into the deep crevice of our Mistress' ass. Wiggling in between her cheeks to find the puckered opening.

"Mmmmm I'm sure your man enjoys his ass licked, doesn't he?"

Sarah pushes both legs up before responding, "Yes Mistress he does," with her tongue sliding back in and rimming her as best she can despite the strap of the harness.

"And do you get him hard again this way. To fuck some more?"

"Yes Mistress," Sarah licks up over the balls and up the shaft. Her eyes on the face of our Mistress as the tip of her pink tongue plays at the underside of the cock's crown.

Bodies moving about the bed until Sarah finds herself on hands and knees, the fat head of the cock rubbed up and down between her legs before finding its home in her cunt. Sarah's head jerked back with hair pulled hard with each thrust forward. The bed squeaking as Sarah is hammered with the fake cock, both of them breathing hard and moaning as our Mistress drives the cock home.

Another shifting of bodies and they are spooning on the bed, Sarah's upper leg lifted so I can see the cock sliding in and out, in and out; her pussy, her cunt fucked completely and leaking. Sarah's breasts both held firmly by two hands, her nipples peeking out amid fingers, when they aren't being twisted and pulled.

Our Mistress nuzzles against Sarah's ear and tells her that she wants to be jerked and sucked again. Her hand unsnaps the harness, leaving the cock inside Sarah as she rolls onto her back. Sarah's body is shiny again from the recent exertion and her hair matted on one side as she crawls down between her legs. 

A sharp gasp as Sarah's fingers finds her clit and begins her stroking of it. Sarah's face close and intense with concentration as she manipulates it without being too rough or not firm enough. I see her lips pucker and blow a stream of air at it, drawing a long deep moan from our Mistress.

"Suck me damn you...." the complaint cut off in mid sentence as Sarah takes her clit in her mouth and wetly, loudly and greedily sucks it. Despite her need, our Mistress is so sensitive that she involuntarily moves her body away from the hot wet mouth that seeks to give her pleasure. A mouth that locks and follows along with every attempt to escape it, the two of them struggling; one to give all that she can, the other to take it but at the same time avoid it.

At one point their battle ends with Sarah face up on the bed, straddled and smothered with humping hips. Our mistress' arms a knot of tendons as her fingers stab into the top of the headboard and grinds down upon the face below her. Breasts jiggling in the mashing and sucking that fills my eyes and ears and mind.

Collapsing down beside Sarah after cumming, our Mistress continues her torture of me by taking Sarah in her arms and kissing her sweaty face and mouth, their bodies molding together. They drift off to sleep together, leaving me stolen moments to sneak a quick rub of myself.

I dare not cum and stop long before I threaten to do so. Laying my head down on the foot of the mattress, I join them in sleep, although mine is troubled and short. Waking to movements on the bed.