 Jill awoke to the sound of laughter coming from the living room. She looked at the clock and saw that she had slept the entire day away. But with everything that had happened yesterday and just this morning she was not surprised. Jill decided to get up and find out what was going on in her living room.

 When Jill entered the living room she could not believe her eyes. Ivy – the woman who had fingered her to climax – and Kate were sitting on opposite ends of the couch laugh like old friends. Kate was the first to notice Jill. 

 "Oh, hey sleepy head. How nice of you to wake up and join us. Ivy just stopped by to drop off some of your clothes, that you left at work."

 "Thanks for dropping off my stuff. How did you know where I live?" said Jill.

 Ivy looked at her and smiled, "Ed was kind enough to tell me. I told him you were not feeling well, but would come to work tomorrow."

 "Oh, thanks for covering for me. What have you two been talking about?" replied Jill.

 "It was no big deal covering for you...us girls have to stick together." said Ivy the same time Kate said "Oh we were just getting to know each other."

 "Hey I'm hungry why don't we all go out and get to know each other. What do you ladies think?" Kate was very eager to learn why Jill's bra and shirt were left on the floor at work.

 Ivy, excited by the idea of spending more time with Jill, eagerly accepted Kate's invitation to dinner. Jill on the other hand just wanted to spend the time ago, but manners demanded that she accept as well. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ladies went to dinner at a nice, quiet Italian restaurant. Jill volunteered to drive, allowing Kate and Ivy to enjoy glasses of wine. There was nobody seated near them so they did not worry about being to loud or racy. 

 "Tell me Ivy, how did Jill manage to leave her bra at work."

 "I did not realize it was not in my bag. It's no big deal, no story to tell." Jill protested, trying to move the conversion along.

 "Oh, it's an exciting a story." Ivy said before retelling the events of the morning.

 Jill could not believe Ivy was telling Kate all of the details of their interactions this morning. She could feel herself blushing and her pussy getting wet, as she listened to Ivy's sexy voice.

 "Mmm...that was a wonderful story. I think I could listen to you reading erotica all night Ivy. That story really turned me on. Ivy are you a lesbian?" asked Kate, once the story was over.

 Ivy answered with a sexy laugh, "I'm bisexual and currently in a relationship with a married couple. I love pussy and cock...I could never pick one over the other. What about you Kate?"

 "I'm bi. Married to a wonderful man, who knows all, and encourages me to have sex with women when the mood strikes – as along as I tell him everything in vivid detail or if the other party is willing a movie to show him, or allow him to watch or every participate. I love my husband and his is the only cock I enjoy, unless he gives me permission."

 "Oh you're a lucky lady. Have you and Jill ever....spent time together?" asked Ivy. 

 While Kate and Ivy talked, Jill just sat there in stunned silence. She could not believe what she was hearing. She lived with Kate for years, why was she just now learning that she was bisexual. Oh my god, I'm changed in front of her. She's see me in the shower – was she checking me out. Does she want to have sex with me...oh my god... Jill's head was spinning.

 Kate stared into Jill's eyes when she answered Ivy. "Yes, we have spent some time together, but not as intimately as you and her. But I hope that will change soon."

 Oh my god...Kate wants to have sex with me. Do I want to have sex with her? No, I would never cheat of Thomas. But Marcus, allows Kate to sleep with women...no sex with a woman is wrong. But I'm been dreaming of sex with her...and Ivy...and Thomas and Marcus....Oh god what is wrong with me. All of this and more was racing through Jill's head. 

 As Jill's mind raced, Kate and Ivy continued to talk about their sexual desires and adventures. The next time Jill tuned in to the conversion, Kate and Ivy had moved their chairs next to each other, and they were talking about pussies. 

 "I enjoyed Jill's tight cunt, but I like them better when they are neatly trimmed and better still when they are bald."

 Kate just smiled at Ivy, took her right hand and guided it between her legs. "What do you think of mine?" asked Kate.

 Kate was wearing a short skirt and had positioned her legs on either side of the seat, opening her legs as wide as she could. She placed Ivy's hand on her left thigh and sat back to enjoy Ivy's hand.

 "Your skin is so smooth and I can tell you are in great shape." Ivy commented as she allowed her hand to explore Kate's inner thigh.

 Kate moved her ass to the edge of the chair, opened her legs wider, and leaned back to enjoy the pleasure Ivy was going to give her. "Move your hand higher and I think you will find my pussy to your liking."

 Ivy moved her hand up and gently pet Kate's bald cunt. Then she spread the outer lips and ran her middle finger over the slick skin. "I see you're already wet for me...what do you want me to do with your wet pussy?"

 "Anything you want" replied Kate, as Ivy slipped a finger into her pussy. "Oh that feels great," Kate whispered when Ivy started to rub her clit with her thumb. 

 "Do you want more?" Ivy asked.

 "Oh god yes. Give me more." commanded Kate.

 Ivy slipped a second finger deep in to Kate's pussy and pressed on her g-spot, while continuing to rub her clit with her thumb. 

 "MMMM...." Kate moaned as she moved her hips in tune with Ivy's hand and fingers. God she is amazing with her fingers. She's going to make me come right here at the table...oh god that's so fucking hot, thought Kate. 

 Ivy knew Kate was getting close to her release but did not want to cause a scene in the restaurant so she withdrew her fingers from Kate's delicious pussy. She brought her hand up to her mouth and sucked her fingers clean. 

 "Not only do you feel incredible but you taste wonderful, Kate."

 "Jill take us home before I climb on top of the table and allow Ivy to eat me out right here." said Kate trying to get Jill's attention.

 Jill finally paying attention said, "Oh yeah, lets go." 

 Ivy was all smiles when she commented, "I know a restaurant that would be happy to have us put on a show...anytime you're interested let me know...I would love to take you there."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On the ride back to Jill and Kate's house, Kate and Ivy entertained themselves in the back seat. Jill could hear kissing sounds, moaning, sucking, and whispering. Jill once again tuned it out, until they started talking about their plans for the evening.

 "Ivy do you want to join me in the hot tub when we get there. I'm positive you will enjoy it, afterwards we can retire to my room." said Kate while she rubbed Ivy's pussy. 

 "Sounds like a lovely plan to me. What will we do in the hot tub and in your room to keep ourselves entertained?" asked Ivy as she fondled Kate's tits. 

 "Well in the hot tub we can fondle and suck on each others boobs and finger fuck each others cunt. But what I really want to do is sit on the edge and have you lick my pussy until I come at least twice on your face. In the bedroom, I figured I would set up the video camera and we would put on a show for my husband. It's been so long since I have made movie for him, he will love it."

 "Oh Kate, that all sound perfect, but I think it would be a better movie if we had a third person shooting the video, that way we could get different angles, wide and tight shots. It would be amazing for your hubby. Jill could you help us out with that?"

 Jill knew she did not want to be in a same room with them while they had sex. But at the same time the idea of watching them together was so hot, they were both so beautiful and sexy. "No, I just want to go to bed." was her reply to Ivy's question as she pulled in the garage.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"I can't believe Jill is hiding in her room" comment Ivy, while she and Kate enjoyed the hot tub.

 Kate was enjoying getting to know every inch of Ivy curvaceous body. "Oh, she is in her room all right but she keep peaking out the window at us. She will not admit it but she likes to watch...let's give her a show." 

 And with that Kate straddled Ivy and started kissing her new friend with passion. At first Kate was happy to just kiss Ivy and rub their large breasts together but she wanted more. Kate moved her hands between their wet bodies and started to tweak, pull, and twist Ivy's hard nipples. 

 Not be out done, Ivy was gripping Kate's tight ass, while they continued to french kiss. Soon, Ivy was kissing Kate's neck, but she too wanted more. "Oh sweetie, pull on my nipples harder," said Ivy.

 Ivy pulled Kate up, so that she was now kneeling above her, this caused Kate's tits to be right at mouth level. While Kate played with Ivy's tits, Ivy was sucking and biting on hers in return.

 "Yes, suck my big tits, harder." commanded Kate.

 As she bit and sucked on Kate's tits, Ivy moved her right hand into the junction of Kate's thighs. She slipped in her middle finger and started to finger fuck her new friend.

 "Oh yes more. Fuck me harder." shouted Kate, knowing that Jill could hear everything. 

 Ivy slipped a second finger into Kate's tight cunt and used her thumb to rub her clit in hard, fast circles. As Ivy increased the speed of her thumb, Kate would increase how long she pulled on the younger woman's nipples.

 "Baby, you're so fucking hot," Ivy said as she slipped a third finger in the Kate's greedy hole. 

 Kate was now riding Ivy's hand, matching her pace. "FUCK ME....I'M SO CL...CLOSE. FASTER!!!" yelled Kate as she could feel her climax build.

 Ivy increased her hand movements and when she bit down on Kate's nipple she was rewarded with Kate's orgasm. 

 Kate throw back her hand, arched her back and screamed, "SHIT I AM COMING...OH FUCK YESSS...MORE MORE MORE." When she was done, Kate cuddled into to Ivy.

 Once Kate had her breathing under control she said, "That's one for me. Now it's your turn Ivy. Sit on the edge of the hot tub and spread um."

 Eager to follow Kate's order, Ivy quick climbed out of the hot tub, sat on the edge with her legs still in the hot water, and spread her legs as wide as she could. Ivy took a quick peak at Jill's window and noticed that it was open a little and the blinds were raised more. 

 "Jill is watching, you better give it your all," whispered Ivy to Kate. 

 "Mmmmm...I love being watched." Kate replied before kissing Ivy. Kate kissed Ivy then kissed her way down to her chest. She took pleasure in paying attention to Ivy's hard nipples. First, she sucked on one while twisting the other, then Kate would switch. Next, Kate pulled and bit then again switched. 

 Ivy was feeling a bolt of lighting, going from her nipples to her clit, every time Kate did anything to her nipples. "Ahhh...that feels so amazing," said Ivy. 

 After a few more minutes of playing with Ivy's tits, Kate kissed and licked her way down the young woman's flat stomach. Kate stopped and swirled her tongue around Ivy's naval, before continuing southwards. When Kate finally reach her goal she slowly spread Ivy's pussy open, then flicked her tongue across the exposed clit.

 "Fuck...do that again...play with my clit," said Ivy. 

 Kate was only to happy to obey, so she started to alternate licking and sucking on Ivy's engorged clit. While she was doing this Kate slipped her middle finger into Ivy's hot, wet pussy. Kate loved fingering other women, especially finding their g-spots. Bending her finger just so, Kate was able to find Ivy's pleasure button, and when she pressed on it Ivy jumped a little.

 "OH THAT'S THE SPOT...FUCK ME. HARDER, FASTER. OH BABY YES," screamed Ivy as she moved her hips trying to get closer to Kate's hand and mouth. 

 The Kate slipped a second finger into Ivy's cunt, continuing to hit her g-spot, and started nibbling on her clit.

 "Yes. More..I...so close...yes," said Ivy as she laid back on the deck and pulled on her own nipples. 

 Kate slid a third finger into Ivy's pussy, while pushing on her asshole with her other hand. Ivy was so wet her juices were dripping down her ass, so it was well lubed when Kate pressed her thumb into Ivy's tight asshole. 

 "AHHH, FUCK MY ASS, FUCK BOTH MY HOLE, OH FUCK I'M COMING. I'M COMING. OHHHH," yelled Ivy as her climax rolled over her. Kate enjoyed licking away at her pussy, loving the way she tasted.

 God she is beautiful,with her pussy dripping wet, back arched, nipples hard, Marcus is going to love watching me fuck her, thought Kate as she watched Ivy enjoy her climax and several aftershocks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Inside, Jill was sitting by the open window watching Kate and Ivy. Jill could not believe that her best friend was outside in their hot tub fucking her new co-worker. But as she watched them, she became more aroused.

 By the time Kate climbed on top of Ivy, Jill was topless and was pulling on her own nipples. And by the time Ivy exited the water, Jill was completely naked and had the vibrator, that Thomas had given her, humming between her legs. 

 Jill fucked herself with the vibrator while watching Kate eat Ivy's pussy, and had come so hard that the chair was soaked. 

 "This can't be wrong, if it causes so much joy and pleasure. It's not hurting anyone. Kate, Ivy, and many others enjoy it, and so do I. I wish Thomas was here to tell me what do," said Jill after she came down from her orgasm.

 After Jill got clean up she open her laptop in hope of finding an e-mail from Thomas. It was her lucky night, there in her inbox was a new message from her husband.

 'Honey – I know what has happened between you and Kate has scared you, but Kate loves you and you love her. I want you to have everything your heart desires in this world. If exploring this lesbian side of yourself will make you happy then I want you to do it. Be safe, have fun, and know I will always love you no matter what. Women only, no cock enters your pussy or ass but mine.

 See you soon,

T.'

 Jill could not believe it, she had to reread the e-mail four times before it sank in. Thomas, her husband, was giving her his permission to cheat with other women. Jill was going to do exact what he suggested, explore her lesbian side and have fun, starting now. She closed her computer, stripped and went to join Kate and Ivy for some fun tonight.

 Jill found Kate and Ivy still in the hot tub. "May I join you?"

 "Always," answered Kate. 

 "I got an e-mail from Thomas, he thinks I should explore this side of my sexually. So I'm going to live life to the fullest and do whatever gives me pleasure," said Jill, while Ivy and Kate just stared at her naked body.

 Jill stepped in the hot tub and sat between Kate and Ivy. "We'll take this nice and slow, Jill. You only have to do things you want and we will only do things you like. Okay?" said Kate.

 "Okay," replied Jill.

 Kate and Ivy moved closer to Jill, trapping the new comer in between them. "Let's start with some kissing," said Kate, as she turned Jill's face towards her.

 Jill nodded just before Kate's mouth captured hers, for a passionate kiss. When Kate gently bit Jill's lower lip she opened her mouth to allow Kate tongue entry. While Kate and Jill kissed, Ivy pressed her front against Jill's back, reached in between the kissers and started caressing Jill's tits.

 When Kate broke the kiss she noticed the Jill was breathing heavy, with her eyes closed and back arched. Kate gently turned her head so she was now facing Ivy. Ivy knew what do, and started to kissing Jill's neck, before moving to her lips.

 She is really enjoying herself, this is better than I ever hoped, thought Kate has she watched Ivy and Jill make out. Since Ivy was focusing on Jill's tits, Kate turned her attention to Jill's cunt. Kate started by rubbing Jill's thighs and opening them. Once Kate had access to Jill's pussy she found Jill's clit and started rubbing the nub. This caused Jill to open her legs wider. 

 After a few minutes, Kate worked her way in between Jill and Ivy. Kate spread her legs wide and placed Jill's left leg over her own and Ivy's right leg over her other leg. Ivy and Jill started to play with Kate's nipples and Kate started to fingering both their pussies. 

 "Oh yes, fuck me, Mistress Kate," said Ivy, before she lowered her head and starting sucking on Kate's hard nipple. 

 As Kate slipped a second finger in to their tight holes, she used her thumbs to press on their clits. This action caused Jill to moan in pleasure, and start grinding her hips against Kate's hand. "I think we could take this party to the bedroom and make a video of our first night together for the guys. What do you say ladies?" asked Kate.

 "I'll do anything you want, Mistress" replied Ivy with a smile.

 "I think I would enjoy that very much" said Jill, after looking at both Ivy and Kate for a second.

 The three of them climbed out of the hot tub, dried each other off – which was complicated by their need to kiss and touch each other, and walked into Kate's bedroom for a night of pleasure.