 "Samantha, I need those documents on my desk by today evening!" barked a voice nearby and I looked up to see my boss glaring at me. "Yes Sir, I am almost done." I replied back, a bit vaguely. "Good. Take up that production report after this." Saying that, he went back to his cabin.

Was I unmindful and day-dreaming? Maybe I was. Perhaps my employer had noticed my distraction and hence drew my attention back to work. I knew what was going on in my mind. It was a Monday, the first working day of a fresh week. And I had had an ugly fight with my boyfriend Gary during the weekend, resulting in my break-up. I had discovered him cheating on me. 

I had wanted to be fully absorbed in my work in order to get rid of him and his memories from my mind. Four years of togetherness we had shared. I had wished to keep my thoughts strictly restrained to my work alone and not slip away to those painful alleys of separation and loneliness. But I was finding that quite tough. As a result, I found my mind wandering away every now and then which had clearly showed in my inattentiveness. 

Anyway, I let out a deep sigh, composed myself and started at my desktop once more. I must let go of my past. I must not keep thinking of my yesterday all the time.

After a while of immense concentration, I felt that I have recovered to some extent. Those feelings were not bothering me anymore. Feeling a bit lightened, I stood up to grab a coffee before settling down again. A short break sounded very welcoming now. I had just moved out of my cubicle when I heard my cellphone buzzing. It was an old friend of mine, Lisa. Oh!! How did I forget? I now remembered her telling me a couple of weeks ago that she would be going on a long vacation. So she had planned to pay me a short visit at my office, to return a few books which she had borrowed previously, on her way to the airport. I would probably see her again after a long time. So the idea of a quick meeting had seemed nice. Oh my gosh...was it today?

I took the call and Lisa said she was waiting for me outside the building. Telling her I would be with her in two minutes, I adjusted my hair and ventured out. I could have my coffee with Lisa. There was a decent restaurant just round the corner.

My cubicle was at one end of the huge departmental room and the lift was at the other far end. Thinking that a little exercise would do me good, I decided to take the stairs. It was just one floor below.

The door to the descending staircase was very close to my cubicle. People rarely went down that way and that flight of stairs mostly remained dark, empty and unattended as a result. Pushing open the door, I had barely placed my feet on the first step, when something caught my eye and I stopped dead in my tracks.

Two women were kissing each other, standing on the landing. It took me a minute to make out their faces and recognize them. Both were my colleagues from work. The blonde one was Megan. She sat in the cubicle next to me. Amanda was the brunette. Her place was opposite to the boss's cabin, several blocks away from us.

I immediately felt guilty for walking upon something so personal; I felt like an intruder, evading their personal space. But I could not move myself away; my legs had turned into stone. I felt goosebumps rising in me, seeing such wild passion unfolding before my very eyes, just a little distance away from me.

I had no idea that they were fond of each other. Or that they had a thing for women. Both Amanda and Megan were good looking and fitted the category of buxom babes. They were blessed with envious curvy figures, rich bosoms and perfectly shaped backsides. Guys in the office flirted with them and showered them with attention which they both took very sportingly. I was friendly with both of them, particularly my cubicle neighbor Megan. She had, however, occurred to me a little submissive and meek. There was, always, a dash of innocence in her big round eyes. On the other hand, I had noticed Amanda, the taller of the two, as a slightly dominating character. 

Megan had her back pressed against the wall. She seemed to be a helpless prey in the trap of the mighty Amanda, who had pinned both of Megan's hands against her sides. And she was lustily sucking and tasting Megan's soft and puffy lips. Megan was panting and trying to match the aggressive passion of her kisser. They were both glued together at the lips. Amanda then pushed her long pink tongue inside Megan's mouth, parting her lips apart. Such a fiery and erotic tongue-play started to inflame me. As Amanda pressed herself more upon Megan, their playful tongues seemed to further embrace and entwine with each other inside their mouths. Amanda kept brushing her lips against Megan's. They were so lost in their wild and uninhibited pleasure that they seemed oblivious to their surroundings. It did not occur to them that they were doing this inside an office building. They did not even notice my voyeurism from the top of the stairs.

Suddenly, Amanda caught hold of a fistful of Megan's hair and drew her head on one side. Megan was moaning softly. On the side of her sweaty neck, Amanda planted a full and wet kiss before starting to lick and nuzzle it. I was mesmerized by their antics. Was I unknowingly getting turned on? I had never been attracted to a girl, but this seductive lesbian encounter was drawing my breath away.

My cellphone rang out loud, all of a sudden, shattering the silence and causing the two ladies to break away from their liplocking activities. In stunned disbelief, they looked up towards me. I was nonplussed and stared ashamedly into my cellphone where I found Lisa calling again from below. Oh dear! I had completely forgotten our appointment! She must have got impatient and so rung up as a result of my lateness.

I mumbled something about having gone to the bathroom and assured her that I was already halfway down. I was feeling awful. The worst part was that I had to pass those two on the landing while going down. Megan and Amanda were both visibly flustered and embarrassed. Having been caught red-handed in such a private act, they were perhaps fearful that I would surely report about them. Minutes passed in uncomfortable silence, before I went down, rushing past them out into the broad daylight, muttering a hasty "sorry" on my way out. I had kept my eyes lowered to the ground and could not face them. Megan had, perhaps, opened her mouth to say something but I had hurried away.

The meeting with my friend had passed uneventfully. I had apologized to Lisa who had inquired why I was looking so hot and bothered. I had tried to push the whole affair out my mind and appear normal while speaking to my friend. She had talked and talked; her whole traveling program, her dresses, how excited she was and so on; I had maintained an impassive face and nodded accordingly, but my mind had kept fluttering away to Megan's bee-stung lips and Amanda's glistening tongue. After I had bade goodbye to Lisa, I had gone up to my cubicle, trying hard to keep all those visual memories of such intense romping at bay.

I had found Megan at her desk, typing away as if nothing had happened. But I noticed an odd flush of excitement in her usual innocent features. As the day progressed, I caught her looking at me, several times. Still, she remained silent. I did not initiate any talk from my end, too. The whole day went by without any exchange between the two of us, (except the "good morning" wish earlier). Megan was actually a chatterbox and we usually had a number of gossip sessions during the day. But that day was wholly different. I also passed Amanda, once, on my way to the xerox machine but she looked away immediately. I maintained a distance from both of them and dared not to bring up that topic again. I buried myself in my own work. 

I finished my work sooner than I had anticipated and deposited the requisite papers on my boss's table as instructed. He had left by then. It was a bit late and I started to clean up my desk. I decided to begin on that new file from tomorrow. Most of my colleagues had gone for the day. Megan had also departed. There was no sign of Amanda as well. Mark and Peter were still there, apart from a few other members of staff. I bade them good night and went down the lift. It had been a long, tiring but memorable day.

My home was not too far from the office and I normally walked back home. That evening was also not an exception and I was enjoying the fresh breeze. The events of the past weekend, my breaking up with Gary and the incident of that morning were weighing heavy on my mind, bogging me down. The cool wind cleared my head slightly.

I used to take a shortcut on my way home; a narrow alley between two houses. It led into the main street on the other side, and my residence was just across the street.

As I was walking along that narrow alley, still deep in my confused thoughts, suddenly a door opened on the side of the building on my right. A voice called out to me. A female voice.

It was Megan. Her blonde head was visible in the darkness. What was she doing here, I wondered. Seeing my perplexed face, Megan gave a shaky and nervous laugh and asked me to come into the house.

Utterly dumbfounded, I followed her inside. It was quite dark and damp under the stairs. I realized it was a back door through which I had entered. Did Megan live here? It looked like a rented establishment and several letterboxes, bearing the names of the various tenants (including Megan Thomas) caught my eye. I did not know that she also lived so close to the office. But what was I doing here, all alone, in the dark with a lovely blonde, whom I had caught cavorting with another woman in the office just a few hours back?

Perhaps Megan read my musings. She placed a comforting hand on my shoulder and said:

"You know, I was wanting to talk to you so badly all day."

"Yes please."

"I'm feeling so ashamed and bad. What did you think of me?" she asked, fixing her eyes on me.

"Listen, Megan. No need to feel so upset. I did not think of anything. It is your private matter. Who am I to comment on that?"

"You won't tell anybody, right Sam?"

"Don't worry dear... your secret is safe with me. I promise. I won't tell a soul. It's only between the three of us." I assured her, patting her gently on the back.

"Oh!! I am so relieved. Thank You!!!" shrieked Megan joyfully and hugged me tight, kissing me on the cheeks.

Her sudden affection was so sudden that I was taken aback completely. The girl was sobbing in my arms now; but I could hear her whispering in my ears: "I knew you wouldn't tell. I was always sure. I kept telling Amanda that there was nothing to worry about. Oh!! I am so so so happy!!" She was gleefully laughing through her tears.

I was happy about her moment of relief; still I kept consoling and comforting her. Megan was beaming at me and politely asked me to have a look at her apartment before leaving. I smiled at her eagerness. There was no harm in paying a visit, I thought. In fact, I was free at the moment. There was nothing much to look forward to in the evenings now, unlike the earlier times when Gary and I had had so much fun after our respective shifts at our offices... we watched movies, went out to dinner often or just made love to each other. It was all an empty space now. I sighed and accepted her invitation.

Her two-room apartment was clean, nice and tidy. Was she single? Or was Amanda her partner? I did not know all this and I showed no curiosity. I had no business in her affair. 

A large drawing room occupied most of the space, where Megan did everything; she ate, watched television, read and studied all in this room. An adjacent bedroom was there with an attached bathroom. We sat in two armchairs and engaged in small talk. She still hadn't changed her work clothes, I saw. Very soon, she was her usual self, chattering and chirping away cheerfully while I watched her. She appeared very radiant and comfortable now, because she knew with certainty that I wouldn't betray her and she trusted me.

It felt lovely talking to her and we soon approached that sensitive topic of the day. She was blushing a lot when I mentioned Amanda's name. She admitted that she had developed strong feelings for the woman and had felt very glad when Amanda also reciprocated her emotions. Megan never had a boyfriend in her life and felt excited in getting sexually attracted to another woman. She had never felt guilty and was rather pleased by this lesbian relationship.

Very soon, I opened up to her about my break up and ended up crying helplessly. Maybe I needed that outburst; an outlet for my feelings kept suppressed all weekend. Somehow I felt deep comfort in her presence; I felt like a baby in her reassuring arms. She was caressing and parting my hair aside, speaking kind words of solace to all my sobbing and sniffing and gently holding me while I kept bawling that I might not trust another man in my life. We never noticed how close we had got to each other unknowingly and without any warning or caution; I suddenly felt a brush of her warm soft lips against my own quivering ones.

I was kissing her back; slowly, hesitantly at the beginning but picking up speed gradually. Her mouth felt so good that I could not draw myself away from those arresting lips. We were liplocked together; Megan's lips began sucking, teasing and biting mine with a frenzied urgency while I kept tasting and savoring their ripeness and tenderness. She was a great kisser and I was completely captured by the moment. I just wanted to play along, without thinking of any later consequences.

She did not spare my tongue for long; an urgent thrust of her tongue into my gasping mouth further captivated me. The two tongues played along in perfect harmony, spreading fire throughout the interiors, while we started drowning ourselves in endless levels of breathtaking intimacy and satisfaction.

Megan made me stand up and took me against the wall. Pinning me against it, I understood that she had now become the aggressor and initiator. Her innocence had vanished completely. That shyness in her eyes was now replaced by a raging and blazing fire. This version of Megan was unknown to me. Keeping her heaving bosom pressed against me, her kisses became wilder and more violent, licking and devouring my tongue with a fierce passion which was very unlike Megan. The tip of her tongue drew circles around my mouth. With a final tug and bite on my lower lip, she drifted away from my sore and swollen mouth.

I was moaning and panting, like a bitch in heat. I felt my sex getting moistened in such a quick time. But I wanted more. Megan lifted out my tucked-in shirt and started unbuttoning it. As her fingers delicately removed the buttons, softly touching my bare skin , I felt more and more aroused and tantalized. She again locked lips with me. 

Stripping me of my shirt, she greedily feasted her eyes on my bra and cleavage. My bust was hardly any comparison to her, but maybe she was contented with what she saw. I loved such an appreciation and acceptance coming from a woman. Before she could fondle me any further, I heard a cunning chuckle from very close quarters. "Wow baby! Such a nice treat!", a very familiar voice uttered these words laughingly. To my great astonishment and disbelief, I found Amanda White standing in the doorway, looking at us with an evil and twisted smile.

Megan laughed aloud and welcomed our visitor by engulfing her lips with her own. My pulse quickened its pace as I stood almost topless while these two horny women continued their exercise from the morning which remained unfinished as a result of my interruption. Was this invitation my punishment for that? What were they planning to do with me? Was this a nasty concocted plan of having me over, then seducing me and finally feasting upon me? A strange paralyzing and erotic fear clenched my insides while their lively lips and tongues did all the talking in front of me. I found Amanda keeping her eyes fixed on my face, reading my expressions as she went on slurping and suckling her companion's lips with an uncontrolled intensity.

Amanda suddenly stopped the motion, which seemed to go on forever, and eyed me lustily. "Slow down Meg," she whispered," we have a guest today to take care of." Megan grinned slyly and the two vixens advanced upon me, saliva glistening at the edge of their mouths.

It was now Amanda's turn to flood me with her kisses. Her lips moved and glided against mine happily and I found my already tortured mouth responding readily to Amanda's energetic appeal. I took her long sensual tongue in my mouth and treated it well while keeping her lips satisfied with plenty of lusty kissing and sucking. She inserted one of her long fingers into my mouth and ordered me to feed on it vigorously. Megan, at the same time, was busy in unzipping my skirt. My body writhed and moaned as one woman hungrily gulped down my lips while another one pulled down my skirt, leaving me completely exposed in my underwear in their midst. 

Megan came to my left, Amanda at my right. With swift motions, they peeled off the bra cups, freeing my already stiff and erect breasts partially. Amanda then unfastened the clasp from the back. As the garment fell away, I found the breasts hardened and tightened, probably aroused by an overwhelming sexual urge, and the protruding nipples indicating their eagerness. I groaned and cried as the duo took one nipple, each into their mouths and began ravaging them. Megan was milder in contrast; she tongued the tip of the left breast in slow revolving circles before licking and sucking it up. The brunette squeezed and elongated the right one with her fingers while biting the nipple hard with her teeth. Both my breasts were dripping and shining with saliva and they kept on fondling and teasing them maliciously till I screamed out an orgasmic grunt. Once or twice, they both attacked the same breast, kissing and suckling at it together, culminating in a wet kiss and another round of tongue-play around the brown and pointy tip.

My nipples were in full bloom and erection; I had never felt them so hard. These two girls seemed to keep on passing thousands and thousands of electric sensations throughout my entire body by their every touch, every caress and every feel upon me. I didn't know how much longer I could hold myself from climaxing; my panties were drenched wet by now. This particular breast torment had further liberated me and my senses.

I prepared myself for the forthcoming onslaughts, wondering what was coming. I found Megan, crouching down a little, bringing her face in front of my belly. She started brushing her moist wet pout against my flat tummy. She planted soft baby kisses all over my stomach and then eyed my navel mischievously. Her lip movement had excited me tenfold; now she started sucking around my bellybutton. I was shivering and swaying with burning desire while she licked my navel and its surrounding erogenous zones. Amanda at that time was stripping herself naked. I could hardly keep my eyes open and kept whimpering "Mmmm...oooh...aahh...ohhh" as Megan drew out her smooth tongue and dipped it inside my navel hole, playing with its depths and encircling it, making it so wet. My arousal knew no bounds after watching Amanda flinging away her shirt, displaying a ravishing cleavage which seemed to be spilling out of her bra, half revealing her perky brown nipples. 

Megan withdrew from my bellybutton after some more fingering and assault, and then kissed below it all along my panty line. Amanda discarded her skirt soon after unhooking her brassiere. I had barely noticed a pair of soft milky-white mounds and a navel-ring, prettily complimenting a deep and luscious bellybutton in the middle of a perfect stomach, when Megan started rubbing my moist clit through my soaking panties. She tugged and pulled it off, showing my glowing vagina and the tuft of my pubic hair. Amanda peeled off her panties too and came near me.
