 Brianna O'Connell, Bree to her friends, stood on the sidewalk outside North Cambridge Elementary School, watching as her daughter walked up the path to the main entrance with a few of her friends. As they disappeared inside, the redheaded twenty-eight year old's thoughts flashed back to a time when she would've walked Kellie herself.

But those days were gone as her only child, now a precocious ten, would no longer permit such an embarrassment. In only a few more years, much too soon in the eyes of the ponytailed mom, Kellie would be a teenager. Then what would she do?

'You'll do what you've always done,' Bree said to herself as she turned away. 'You'll deal with it and keep moving forward.'

With that she started off to where she'd parked her car, only to stop thirty feet along when she heard someone call her name. Looking up in that direction, Bree saw a trio of women standing by the flagpole - women quite familiar. Seeing one of the women waving to her, she started up the small incline towards them.

"Ladies," Bree said with a smile as she reached the flagstaff, shifting her head left to right to look into the faces of Matilda Dougherty, Yvette Sanchez and Brenda Kauffman. Along with herself and Valerie Stanton, they made up the executive committee of the North Cambridge PTA.

"I thought you couldn't make it this morning," Brenda, who had been the one to call out her name, said, "but I'm so glad you did."

"Make it to what?" Bree asked, focusing her attention on Matilda, who had a look of disappointment on her face.

"Actually, it's my fault," Matilda, who was the chairwoman of the committee, said, interrupting the exchange between Bree and Brenda. "As silly as it sounds, I simply forgot to send you a text about this morning's meeting."

"Well then, isn't it a lucky thing that Kellie was running late and I had to drive her this morning?" Bree replied, not believing the explanation for a moment. "So what's this all about?"

Matilda seemed hesitant to answer, but Brenda had no such reservations, quickly explaining that Matilda had called her and Yvette last night, saying she wanted to go over the plans for the Fifth Grade Social one last time. Based on Matilda's reluctance, Bree figured it was something the bleached blonde hadn't wanted her to know about.

The only reason Matilda Dougherty had been elected to the chairmanship of the committee in the first place was because her husband, a local land developer, had made a sizeable donation to the student activities fund a week before the vote. Once sworn in, she'd wasted no time in trying to remake the committee in her own image.

Twice before, Matilda had proposed changes to the social that she felt, in her opinion, would improve the dance. Both times her suggestions had been voted down, the last occurring just a week ago at the regular PTA meeting. Having known Matilda since they were teenagers, Bree wasn't surprised that the chairwoman had pulled a stunt like this. According to the committee rules, three members were a quorum, and since Yvette would vote however Matilda told her to, the changes would undoubtedly have passed had not Bree unexpectedly turned up.

"Why are we still going on about this?" Bree asked, the irritation in her tone evident. "Wasn't two votes on the matter enough, even for you?"

"Well, I felt that we should take one more look at it," Matilda replied, her tone still reflecting her own annoyance at Bree's appearance. "After all, we do want it to be the best it can be for the kids, don't we?"

'More like what's best for Matilda Dougherty,' Bree thought but didn't say. What she did say was, "And what about Valerie, did you forget to text her too?"

"No, I did ask her if she could stop by this morning," Matilda replied, "and she said she couldn't because she had a new client coming in."

Bree doubted Matilda told Valerie why they were getting together or she would've been here. Both their kids were in the fifth grade and would be attending the Social, so both had an interest in seeing it go off without Matilda's changes.

The animosity between Bree and Matilda dated back to their days at Grant High. Even then Matilda was an arrogant little bitch, always trying to make everything all about her. In her mind she viewed herself as Miss Popularity, but at least half the girls in her class had a different soubriquet for her, one that most wouldn't repeat in public.

The origin of the conflict between the two women could be traced to their sophomore year, when both were nominated to be the class representative on the student council. Certain that she couldn't beat Bree in a fair vote, Matilda sought to disqualify or at least sabotage Bree's chances by spreading the rumor that she was pregnant. A claim that, while prophetic, was definitely at the time not true. Unfortunately for Bree, the rumor took on a life of its own when the redhead wound up being sidelined for a month with mononucleosis. Matilda had won the race by the narrowest of margins.

Revenge had been quick in coming as Bree targeted Matilda's biggest weakness, her ego. Not exactly blessed by the boob fairy, the then brunette was always sensitive about the size of her breasts. So much so that she had taken to stuffing her bra at an early age. She was hardly the only girl to do so, but few took it to the extremes that she did. There was hardly a girl who shared a locker room with her that didn't know she was barely a B cup, much less the C she presented to the world. What Bree did was arrange a little demonstration that shared that information with the rest of the student body.

Bumping into Matilda in a crowded hallway during first period, Bree surreptitiously stuck a long straight pin into her breast, or more precisely the piles of tissue paper surrounding it. That the pin was there, but not who had placed it, was almost common knowledge by third period.

Matilda didn't find out about it until the end of the school day, wrongly assuming that the looks she was getting from other students were, at least in her mind, ones of admiration. When one of her entourage finally heard the story and let her know, Matilda's humiliation was only exceeded by her desire for revenge. The problem was, while she had her suspicions, she was never able to prove who had done it.

"Well, unless anyone has changed their mind since last Friday, it would still be two for and two against, which, however you want to look at it, is a tie," Bree said. "So it stays just the way it is."

"Actually, according to the committee rules, in the event of a tie vote, any committee member can call for further debate on the issue," Matilda pointed out, "and then a final vote afterwards."

'She's just not going to let go,' Bree thought, not being able to remember anyone in the PTA ever going to such lengths as Matilda seemed willing to go, to get her way.

Glancing at her watch, Bree reminded herself that she really didn't have time for this. It was her day off and she had a half dozen errands to run, the most important of which was picking up Kellie's dress at the dry cleaners. Not having a job, Matilda could afford to spend most of the morning debating the issue. Then it occurred to Bree that she had the solution to the problem right in her pocket.

"Hold that thought," she said to Matilda, holding up her index finger on one hand as she pulled out her cell phone with the other, quickly speed dialing a number.

There was a brief ring during which Bree hit another button that put the smart phone on speaker. On the second ring, a familiar voice said hello.

"Valerie, I'm sorry to bother you," Bree said, "but I'm here with Matilda, Yvette and Brenda at the school, and it seems Matilda is insisting that we revisit the changes to the Fifth Grade Social that she had proposed last week. Since there are only four of us we're looking at a tie, so..."

Bree didn't get any further.

"Hell no, and that's my vote," said the voice over the speaker.

"Well, I guess that's settles it," Bree smiled, again apologizing for bothering Valerie before ending the call.

"That doesn't count," Matilda said as Bree put the phone back in her pocket. "You can't vote over the phone."

"Really, and where in the rules does it say that?" Bree said, continuing her smile.

Matilda opened her mouth to say something but couldn't come up with an answer.

"I didn't think so," Bree said, feeling a bit pleased with herself. Then, turning to Yvette and Brenda, she added, "I guess we're done here, ladies, so I'll wish you all a good day."

As she turned and walked back down the small slope, it didn't take much imagination for Bree to picture the look on Matilda's face. This hadn't been the first time she and Valerie had ruined the chairwoman's plans, but it was probably going to be the last. Next term, Kellie, and Valerie's son, Mark, would be moving on to Junior High and both North Cambridge and Matilda Dougherty would be things of the past. Of the two, she would only miss one.

-=-=-=-

Forty minutes later, Bree pulled her 2002 Ford Focus into the driveway of her split level house. Exiting the well worn vehicle with a plastic-covered dress in hand, she took a moment to carefully lock the door. North Cambridge might not be the big city she spent her preteen years in, but it wasn't Mayberry either. Some small town habits were still beyond her.

As she stepped up onto the porch, Bree didn't see, at least at first, the figure sitting on the bench just off to the right, hidden from the street by the hedges. It was only when she'd reached the top step and the visitor stood up that she realized someone was there. In alarm, she jumped back before recognizing a most familiar face.

"Jesus, Valerie, you almost gave me a heart attack," she said, coming to a stop just at the edge of the steps.

"Sorry," the well-dressed black woman said with a apologetic smile. "I figured you'd head right home after dropping Kellie off, but you weren't here when I arrived. So I decided to wait a bit in case you were on your way. I only sat behind the hedges because I didn't want that nosey neighbor of yours to see me waiting."

"You could've told me you were stopping by, you know," Bree said as she brought her key up to the lock. "We did talk, what, a half hour ago?"

"But that would've ruined the surprise," Valerie grinned.

Bree gave her a serious if not angry look, held it for a few seconds, then stuck out her tongue. Valerie responded with a hearty laugh.

"Well, let's not put on a show for Mrs. Wilson," Bree said in reference to the inquisitive neighbor Valerie had mentioned. "Since you're here, you might as well come on in."

A smile still on her face, Valerie followed Bree thought the doorway.

In contrast to Bree's blue jeans and white short-sleeved blouse, Valerie wore a dark, navy blue business suit and skirt. Barely an inch taller than the redhead's five six, the ebony skinned, thirty-two year old was the owner and main employee of a small but growing law practice.

A natural beauty, she wore little makeup and kept her black afro cut short, only a quarter inch in height. Regardless of what she wore, however, the first thing that men, and most women, noticed about her was her thirty-eight inch bust - the contours of which were plainly visible beneath the white blouse she wore under her jacket.

The two women had been introduced three years before by their respective offspring, and quickly found that, despite different backgrounds, they shared a mutual outlook on life, that eventually blossomed into a close friendship.

"Wait a second; don't you have a new client coming in this morning?" Bree asked as she hung up Kellie's dress on a hook rack in the foyer.

"Do I?" Valerie asked, a mischievous smile on her face. .

"But Matilda said..." Bree started to say, and then paused. "You are diabolical," she said instead with a grin.

"No, I've just learned from experience," Valerie replied. "Matilda has a habit of asking for free legal advice, especially if it's something she doesn't want her husband to know about. I don't mind an occasional question or two, but she's gotten to the point where she should probably be paying me a retainer."

"I guess I'm lucky that Matilda only talks to me when she absolutely has to," Bree observed, "and I don't have anything that anyone else would want."

"Oh I wouldn't say that," Valerie noted with a sly smile.

"So, not that I'm not happy to see you, but what was so important that you had to take time out from your day to come over?" Bree asked as she led Valerie into the living room.

"It just occurred to me, as I was driving to the office this morning, that since I have such a nice new SUV, and you just have that piece of... excuse me, that classic old car out in the driveway," Valerie said as she came to a stop about a foot from Bree, "that Mark and I should come by about seven-thirty to pick you and Kellie up. Then we can all go to the dance together."

"That would be fine," Bree said, a bit surprised that was why Valerie had stopped by. "Although I don't see why you needed to tell me that personally."

"Well, I guess I could've just called and told you," Valerie said as she took a large step closer, "but if I had, then I wouldn't have been able to do... this."

Bree was caught by surprise as Valerie slipped her arm around the younger woman's waist and, in a sudden, quick motion, pulled her close. Leaning inward, her mouth pressed against Bree's as she kissed her in a definitely not just a friend way.

-=-=-=-

The unexpected embrace took Bree by surprise, but only for a moment. Then she began to respond, her arms wrapping around Valerie even as she opened her mouth to allow the press of the other woman's tongue.

As their mouths shared a mutual passion, excited hands moved across their bodies. Bree moaned softly as she felt Valerie's hand close around her breast, squeezing it softly. She moaned even louder as that hand opened just enough buttons to create a passage and slip inside her blouse. Sliding up under her bra, Valerie's fingers found warm flesh, quickly making their way to her nipple, stroking it to a firm hardness.

Valerie's other hand was equally active, moving with practiced skill as she undid both the belt of Bree's jeans and the snaps beneath. Keeping her hand within the redhead's blouse in place, Valerie moved behind Bree, pulling her so tight against her that her breasts pressed hard into the younger woman's back.

By now, she'd also pushed Bree's bra up and off her breasts, exposing both mounds. Moving her hand back and forth, she gave them equal attention, covering the supple flesh with her eager caress.

With Bree's jeans now loosened, it took little effort for Valerie to bring her free hand under the waistband of the heavy corduroys and then that of the much thinner cotton panties beneath. From there it was but a moment's journey to the lightly haired mound that was her goal. An excited smile filled her face as she made contact and found it already wet to her touch.

"Blessed Mother," Bree gasped as she felt Valerie's fingers slide inside of her, using the invocation taught to her by her catechism teachers at Saint Matthew's in a manner that no doubt would've shocked the good sisters.

Valerie began slowly, gently moving two fingers deep within Bree, causing her to become even wetter. Then she quickened her pace, adding a third finger and probing even further. Waves of delight washed across Bree's excited flesh, her breaths beginning to shorten even as her heart started to race.

With Bree's head arched back, Valerie took the opportunity to kiss first her neck, and then her lips. The look of bliss on the woman in her arms encouraged her to increase her efforts. It didn't take all that long for Valerie to work her magic.

"Oh God, Val... I'm gonna..." Bree cried out amidst labored breaths.

Not that Valerie needed the warning, as the quaking of the body against her gave more than ample warning of the impending explosion. If she could see the motion of her hand within Bree's pants, it would be but a blur, but she didn't need to see it to see its effect. Not more than a dozen heartbeats followed before the core of Bree's sex exploded in erotic fury.

"Oooooooooo," Bree moaned loudly as she felt her legs grow weak beneath her, her body rocking with joy.

Through it all, Valerie held her tight, sharing part of the delight she had brought her, an enjoyment reflected in the elation on her face. She waited until she was sure that Bree had regained her footing before releasing her hold on her.

"That... that was nice," Bree said as she regained her breath, "really nice."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," Valerie smiled as she watched her friend adjust her clothing, restoring a more respectable appearance.

"I don't think 'enjoyed' is a good enough word," the redhead corrected.

That made Valerie smile even more.

"Not that I'm complaining, mind you," Bree went on after she finished composing herself, "but what happened to the idea of us keeping things like this for our alone time?"

Valerie didn't immediately answer. Instead, she looked first to her right, then her left, and finally behind her. An action that left Bree a bit bewildered.

"Well, as far as I can tell, we're alone here," Valerie finally replied, "and is any time really a bad time?"

Bree really couldn't argue with that.

"Do you have time for me to return the favor?" she asked Valerie, desire in her tone..

"Would that I did," Valerie replied, "but while I don't have a new client this morning, I do have a late morning appointment I really can't miss."

"I understand," Bree said, disappointment clear in her voice.

"But soon enough, my love," Valerie promised.

That made the redhead smile once more.

They shared one last kiss and then Valerie was on her way, saying again that she would see Bree at seven-thirty.

Bree resisted the temptation to stand by the door and watch Valerie walk towards the car she had hidden around the corner. Instead, she sat alone in the now empty living room and considered what had just happened and what change it might signify in the relationship she and Valerie had shared for nearly a year. A relationship that had never been planned, but had since become vital to Bree's happiness. One that had started with the best of intentions, and the most ordinary of decisions.

-=-=-=-

"Come on, Bree, it'll be fun," Valerie said as she dried the dish that Bree had just washed, sharing the cleanup of their weekly dinner together.

This time, it had been Bree's turn to cook, and after Mark and Kellie had been sent off to do their homework, Valerie had brought up again the idea of Bree coming along with her to Douglaston on her business trip the coming weekend.

"I don't know," Bree responded as she rinsed off another dish. "I'd have to find someone to watch Kellie and..."

"Which, if you'd paid more attention to what I've been saying, I've already taken care of," Valerie cut her off. "David will be home by Friday, as you well know, and he's already said Kellie's welcome to stay over at our house."

David Stanton was Valerie's husband, a Lieutenant Commander in the Navy. He spent just as much time deployed at sea as than he did at home, if not more. They had been married almost fifteen years and even with those prolonged absences seemed to make it work.

The trip that Valerie was trying to get Bree to accompany her on was a once a month thing, the business of which only took a few hours of her time. Most other clients would've been content to send her the material she needed to review, but Alfred Dukes was a bit of an eccentric. Preferring face to face interactions, he'd rather have her take a three hour train ride upstate and stay overnight. Since Mr. Dukes had been one of her first clients, she was glad to make the effort, especially since not only did he pay both her fare and hotel bill, but over the years had referred a number of more local clients to her.
