 My closest friend since my early teenage years was Patty. We are still very close. We shared everything (well almost everything) together. I remember when we would change or shower we were not modest around each other, except we never exposed ourselves below the waist. It seemed like it was an unspoken rule. I think now that each one of us was afraid to be the first. Patty's breasts were a little smaller than mine during our teen years. A 'C" cup fit me comfortably; Patty wore a "B". But her aureoles were larger and puffier than mine. I always wondered if that made her more sensitive, but I didn't find out until much later. I remember wanting to see all of Patty many times. Patty stayed home and went to a community college in our city. I was able to go to an in state college, but it was over 2 hours away.

When I went to college my parents enrolled me into a new dorm there. There were 2 girls to a room. I was anxious to meet my new roomy. What would she be like? Would we have anything in common? 

Her name was Jean. Her upbringing was the complete opposite of mine. I came from a fairly large city and high school. She came from a small town with a very small school. But physically we were very close. We both wore the same size clothes, except my bra cup size was 1 size larger than hers. I was a C; Jean, like Patty wore a B. 

We quickly felt at ease with one another and shared a lot in our talking the first couple of days. She, like me, was a cheerleader, but unlike me, had dated little. She kind of had a steady boyfriend during her senior year. I was passionately in love with mine. Having to share a bathroom and bedroom (2 beds), forced us to become comfortable around each other when changing. I wondered if she was going to be completely free exposing her body, or was that unspoken rule going to be with her also. I quickly found out it wasn't. The second or third time she showered while I was there, she came out of the bathroom with only a towel covering her damp body. She threw the towel on the bed as she opened her clothes drawer to find clean undies to wear. As she leaned over with her back to me I had a clear view of her butt and lower part of her labia. She looked shaven. I don't know why that surprised me, but it did. She didn't say anything or act modestly or anything. As she slid up her panties, she turned toward me. I could see her labia were trimmed from the top of her slit down. Above that there was a large fluff of long dark brown P hair. After adjusting her panties, she slid on a thin cotton nightgown, and then walked back into the bathroom to comb her long brown hair. Her boobs were not too small, but not too large, they looked firm, with large aureoles and even when hard, her nipples were short. That scene startled me, but I will never forget it. From then on, we both had no problem being completely naked around each other. 

She started dating sooner than me because I was still "in love". But a long distance relationship gets lonely real fast. I wasn't used to my physical needs not being taken care of by my boyfriend, so I was forced to take care of them myself. I had masturbated before, but now I was doing it on a regular basis. I found it to be very pleasurable. I used my saliva, and sometimes oils for early lubrication. I would cup and massage my breasts. And then I would roll and pinch my nipples. My other hand would slide down my flat stomach to my hairy hump. My fingers spread my lips apart allowing me to tease at my hardening clit and then slide down to my awaiting hole. I would finger myself, and then slide out and up to tease my clit for a few moments. I found it wonderful to slide my thumb inside me, and then use my finger on my clit. All the time my other hand was playing with my breast, especially my nipples. That is how I found out the rougher I played with my nipples the more turned on I became. 

As chance would have it, Jean came home unexpectedly one evening and caught me in the middle of having a very intense climax. I was in our bedroom with the door closed, but not locked. When she opened the door and saw me, she closed the door immediately and went to the bathroom. She knew I was embarrassed, so she waited until I came out and I apologized to her for allowing that to happen. She just looked at me with her dark green eyes and told me that in her opinion, there is nothing to be ashamed of. She has been hiding from me doing the same thing. She told me not to worry about it at all. It was our secret. She even giggled and said maybe we should do it together some time. I just smiled with my still crimson face and answered, that might be a lot of fun. But inside I wasn't kidding.

A couple of weeks went by and it was not talked about at all. I remember it was a Friday night. We both had dates. So we both thought we would be out late. My date was a real dud, so I ended up at my room fairly early. I decided to try smoking a little. I had just been introduced to it since I arrived at college. I had smoked it before and found out that just a little gave me a very mellow, laid back high. I really liked the feeling. I lit my already rolled cigarette and took 3 or 4 tokes, then put it out; I didn't want to get too high. I sat out on the balcony to enjoy the feelings in the cool air. Jean sat beside me before I even realized she was home. She had already changed into her nighty. 

"So, did you save any for me, girl?" Jean asked while giggling

After having a couple of hits herself we began to talk.

Her date was a dud too; she missed this and that about socializing during her senior year. We both agreed things were different now. Then we began to talk about the positive ways things have changed. Soon we were complimenting each other for our friendship. How happy we were to be rooming together. Then we started talking about our sex lives. What we enjoyed, what we didn't like. I didn't realize my fingers were stroking Jean's thigh until she whispered how good it felt. 

"I guess I am a little more stoned than I thought." Jean said as she leaned her head back and closed her eyes. As she spoke, she spread her legs a little and scooted down in the chair pushing her crotch closer to my fingers. Her arm rose and moved to my shoulder and neck. Her fingers lightly stroked and rolled circles on my sensitive skin.

"Mmmm, your playing with fire there Jean, you better be careful", I said softly.

"Do you want me to stop, Jo?" Jean said.

"I don't know, Jean. I never have done anything with another girl." I reply

"I haven't either. But, have you been curious about it, I have."

"Yeah, I guess so." I stutter.

A couple of weeks went by and it was not talked about at all. I remember it was a Friday night. We both had dates. So we both thought we would be out late. My date was a real dud, so I ended up at my room fairly early. I decided to try something new to help me mellow out. I had just been introduced to it since I arrived at college. I had tried it before and found out that just a little gave me a very mellow, laid back high. I really liked the feeling. I took 3 or 4 draws, and then put it out. I didn't want to get too stoned and sat out on the balcony to enjoy the feelings in the cool air. Jean sat beside me before I even realized she was home. She had already changed into her nighty. 

"So, did you save any for me, girl?" Jean asked while giggling. "It kind of smells like you have been smoking some of that funny stuff."

Since she had only smoked it once before, I showed her how to inhale and hold it inside for awhile. I acted like an expert, but I wasn't at all. After having a couple of puffs herself we began to talk.

Her date was a dud too; she missed this and that about socializing during her senior year. We both agreed things were different now. Then we began to talk about the positive ways things have changed. Soon we were complimenting each other for our friendship. How happy we were to be rooming together. Then we started talking about our sex lives. What we enjoyed, what we didn't like. I didn't realize my fingers were stroking Jean's upper thigh until I felt her hand push mine back down toward her knee. 

"I guess I am a little more out of it than I thought." I said, as I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. "I didn't mean anything by that, Jean." As I spoke, she spread her legs a little and scooted down in the chair pushing her crotch closer to my fingers. Her arm rose and moved to my shoulder and neck. Her fingers lightly stroked and rolled circles on my sensitive skin.

"Mmmm, your playing with fire there Jean, you better be careful", I said softly.

"I pushed your hand away because it was starting to turn me on." Jean whispered. "I don't know if I want to go any further than just touching right now, OK Jo? I have never done anything with another girl." Jean said softly. 

"I never have done anything with another girl either Jean, but have you ever been curious about it? I have." I reply.

"Yes Jo, I have always wondered what it would feel like too."

"Can I kiss you Jean," I whisper softly. 

"I, I don't think I can do that yet, Jo. I love to feel your fingers on my leg, though." Jean stammers. Jean's hand moves from my neck to my lower thigh. 

"Mmm, yes, that does feel good Jean. I promise I will not go any higher on your leg than you go on mine, OK?" I say softly. So our little game began. After a few minutes Jean's hand moved an inch or so closer to my dampening mound. I followed her lead. We both sat there, our heads laid back, our eyes closed. We weren't talking at all. But my brain was completely focused on Jean's fingertips stroking my flesh. I was anxious, my mind actually screaming, to feel them slide higher on my thighs. I wanted to feel them on my pussy, sliding inside my swollen lips, teasing my clit, probing my steaming hole. I could feel my wetness increasing as my breathing seemed to quicken.

"Mmmm, this feeling is really awesome, isn't it Jo? It just seems to intensify the sensual feeling of your fingers caressing my skin. This is really getting me turned on." Jean whispers

I let my hips slide forward a little as I answer. "Mmmm, yes it does, Jean. I'm getting really, really hot and wet." I moan as Jean's fingers were now only an inch or so away from my oozing lips. My hand moved up closer to her crotch, matching hers.

"Oh, that feels so good, Jo, so damn good." Jean moans softly. Then her hand moves from my leg and holds mine, sliding it off her flesh.

"I can't do this right now, Jo. I want to so bad. I think one more touch would make me orgasm hard. But please, I don't know if I should do this or not." Jean whimpers.

Her words slap me back into reality. My eyes open. 

"Jean, thank you for stopping me. I could not have stopped myself, I was too far gone. I don't know if this is right? is it Ok? Am I becoming a lesbian, or what?" I blabber.

Jean places my hand on my leg, but I notice her hand rested back on her panty covered mound and rubbed, even as we talked. What an erotic vision. Here I was watching Jean massaging her pussy, Oh, I wanted it to be my fingers doing that rubbing, and I wanted her fingers on me. 

"Jo I feel so close to you now. I am afraid that if we go any further, it might mess that up." Jean says.

"You might be right, Jean. But I don't think it would as far as I am concerned." I answer softly. "I wish you were rubbing me down there instead of yourself." I desperately whisper, giving it one last chance.

"Oh sorry, I just want to climax so bad. I didn't mean to tease you. Neither one of us needs that right now." Jean sighs as she takes her hand away.

"Well, what are we going to do with ourselves in this horny state?" I smile and move my face close to hers.

"I think I need to take a cold shower," Jean says as she stands up. The smell of sexual passion fills my nose as her pussy is only inches from my face as she stands. But then she turns and walks inside.

Jean is taking her shower when I go inside. 

"Is that helping?" I laugh through the door, yelling to be heard above the spraying water.

"As much as it can help. I would ask you to join me, but I better not." Jean hollers back. 

I am so turned on, I have to climax! I go back into the bedroom, lie down on the bed and masturbate. It is over very quickly. My panties are sopping wet. I take them off; even wipe myself with the dry part to clean myself a little. I get a clean pair from my drawer and start to leave to take a shower. Jean must have finished since the water is off. She walks in just as I am heading out. 

"That calmed me down a little." Jean smiled.

I undressed to step into the shower. As I went to lay my towel down I noticed Jean had left her panties and nightgown on the vanity. My curiosity was too great. I picked up her panties and felt the crotch. It was as wet as mine! Should I smell? No! What is going on with me? I mentally slap myself. I lay them back down and realize I had left mine laying on the bed in full view. I get into the cool water. The cold streams of water running over my face, my chest, my abdomen seemed to turn into steam, my flesh is so hot. Soon my skin cools down. I take care to wash my most intimate parts very well, as if to get rid of the perverted things that just went on with me and my body. Perverted, what is perverted, I wonder? Is it perverted for me to want to make love to another woman?

When I come out of the bathroom wearing a thin, but modest nightgown, Jean is watching TV, eating pretzels.

"Sorry, but the munchies got the best of me," she giggled. 

"Yeah, I need to snack on something too." I answer

"I made you and me a cold drink. I know you like screwdrivers. Is that OK?"  

"Oh, thanks girl," I grin. I set down on the couch with her, but not close. My head was pretty clear now and I think both of us went out of the way to avoid talking about what had happened earlier.

Several days later, after rinsing my face brushing my teeth and running a brush through my hair I walked into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee. Jean was already sitting at the table with her cup. She was staring out the window, like she was in a daze. 

"Earth to Jean." I giggle as I poured mine.

"Oh sorry, I was just looking at the sky." She replied.

"How did you sleep last night?" I asked, making small talk.

"I guess Ok, but I sure dreamt a lot."

"Oow, anything I want to hear about?" I grin and sit down.

"They were mostly about me and you. But I probably should keep that private, so I am not sure you want any details. Let's just put it this way. They were pretty naughty." Jean spoke as she gazed into her cup, as if to avoid looking at me. 

I gaze on her soft face, the sunlight accenting its beautiful features. I want to touch and kiss it all over.

"What are you staring at, Jo? I know I am pathetic looking when I first wake up." Jean giggles.

"Exactly the opposite, I was admiring the sunlight on your face. It looks so warm and sensual." I continue to stare as I speak.

Jeans fingers touch the back of my hand, which is lying on the table. Her fingers rub lightly across my skin as she looks into my eyes and says, "Jo, I want you. I can't even sleep without thinking about making love with you." Her fingers stop rubbing and enclose my hand with a gentle squeeze. I want you, three little words, those three little words I have been so much wanting to say to her and hear her say to me.

"I want you to Jean. I want to taste you, and I want to feel your skin against mine all over. So what do we do about this dilemma?" I ask purringly... 

Jean stands, her hand still holding mine, and whispers "stand up and follow me."

Her hand guides me into our bedroom where she pulls me close. Our chests and stomachs are touching as our lips meet. Our arms encircle each other mashing our chests against each other as we passionately continue kissing each other deeply. 

"I'm ready for this, are you?" Jean moans.

I respond by taking my hands and grab the bottom of her night gown, we take one step apart allowing me to pull her gown over her head and toss it on the chair. With no panties, Jean is now completely naked. Jean quickly slides my gown over my head. My boobs are now hers to do with whatever she desires. My panties are soon in a pool around my ankles. I step out of them as we embrace again. I take Jean's trembling hand and pull her on the bed with me.

"What are we doing, Jo?" Jean moans.

"I don't know. But I sure do not want it to stop." I whisper, as I pull her body hard against mine. Our kissing was deeper and more passionate than I have ever experienced

What happens now? I anxiously wonder. 

"Jo, can I feel your boobs?" Jean half pleads.

"Feel anything you want, Jean. Please feel everything." I beg.

Jean kneels over my body, lying on my back before her. Jean hands and fingers tease at my heaving breasts expertly, as only another woman would know. As she leans forward, her small breasts hang from her chest. I can not resist them. My hands move to them. I cup, massage and squeeze her firm flesh. My fingers slide to her hard nipples. I squeeze them gently and roll them between my fingertips. I pull softly while rolling. My face rises to take a nipple between my lips. I mouth, lick, and suck on it while Jean is taking me to new places, places my aroused mind has never been before.

"Harder!" I hear myself begging her.

"Bite it harder, suck it harder, please Jean, that hurts so good! Be as rough as you can" I continue to plead.

One of Jean's hands moves to my wet, hairy mound. Her fingers slide thru my hair, over my oozing labia. I feel exquisite arousal as her fingers slides between my swollen lips. It stops and teases my clit, then slides on down and then inside me. My hips arch upward to feel her finger fucking me deeper. I can feel my inner walls being stretched and pushed as her fingers move around deep inside me. She rubs against my Gspot causing my cum to ooze out even faster. Her other hand and mouth continue the rough work on my tit as she finger fucks my rocking pussy.

"Jean! Jean! I'm cumming, I can't stop. Oh yes! Oh fuck!" I keep repeating as my body sails over the edge and slowly falls back to earth. 

I watch Jean take her cum soaked fingers from inside me to her mouth. Teasingly, she looks deep into my eyes as I watch her lick my fluid from her fingers.

"Does that taste good?" I whisper. 

"You try it", she replies as her mouth moves to mine. I taste myself as our tongues swirl back and forth.

I can feel myself getting very aroused again.

"OK, Jean, you are getting me hot again."

"Good, I want you to TAKE me, RAVAGE me, USE me, make me CUM!"her whisper turning into a loud plea. 

"UMmmm yes baby, tell me what you want me to do, tell me how much you want me, It turns me on to hear you talk dirty to me."

"Good because I want you to pound your fingers into my pussy, suck on my tits, eat my pussy until I cum all over your face!" Jean wails as her hips buck back and forth. She takes one hand and cups her breast, holding it as if to say "Here, play with this now." 

The other hand grabs the back of my head and mashes my mouth on her jutting breast. My mouth sucks her puffy, pink circle inside, my tongue swirls around the spongy flesh as my teeth gently nibble on her hard pink bud.

"Oooh yes, suck my tit, nibble on my nipple, fuck me with your fingers." her hand guides mine down to her wet lips as she begs.

My finger enters her tight, wet hole as she fucks against it. A second finger tries to make its way in.

"Be easy, don't stop, yes, oh yes, that feels so fucking good, Jo." she moans as a second finger barely makes its way inside. I twist my hand around so my thumb can rub her erect clit. 

"Ooooh fuck me, your fingers feel so good! I'm close, baby, I'm sooo close! Yes! Yes!, she stifles her screams as she flies into that pleasure place where only women enter. Her hips are arched and bucking. After a few silent, except for Jean's heavy breathing, moments she moves my hand away from her gushing pussy as she settles back onto the mattress.
