  The Luncheon

Jill finished putting on the finishing touches to her makeup. She was meeting Mary for their normal Wednesday luncheon at Lucky Louie's, one of their favorite local restaurants, in just a few minutes. She pulled on her thong, and decided not to wear a bra, since it was a very warm afternoon. She looked really great in her white blouse and tennis skirt. Just as she was walking out of her bedroom, she heard the doorbell ring.

"I wonder who that is?", she said to herself, and quickly went down the stairs to answer the door. Looking thru the peephole, she saw Mary standing on the front porch. Opening the door, she said "Mary! I thought we were going to meet at Louie's?"

Mary, a stunning, big breasted blonde standing several inches taller than Jill at 5' 6", looked at Jill and said, " MMmmmm! Don't you look yummy! Actually, I was in the area and figured it'd be silly to drive two cars. So, I decided to pick you up."

Laughing, Jill invited Mary in and said, "Silly girl, you've been trying to pick me up for months!"

"Well, true. And with the way you look right now, I'm afraid poor Louie would be scandalized by the way my nipples are trying to poke through this blouse."

Jill looked at the clingy rayon blouse Mary was wearing, and saw she wasn't exaggerating. She obviously had decided not to wear a bra also, and the nipples on her large breasts were way beyond what would be acceptable in a family joint like Louie's. Feeling particularly wicked, she reached up and tweaked Mary's right nipple, saying, "Boy, you're not kidding! Those tits would have all the waiters stumbling around with hard-ons, and poor Louie would have a stroke! But, I think it's the air conditioning and not me."

Mary was quite surprised and aroused by Jill's brief familiarity with her breast. She and Jill were pretty open about Mary's bisexuality, but Jill had never before shown any interest. Mary decided to push a little and see if there was a new relationship possible. Jill was an incredibly attractive woman, and Mary had often fantasized about having sex with her. Mary reached out and caressed Jill's breast, saying, "These nips aren't exactly G rated either! I guarantee that it's the company, not the air conditioning."

Jill felt butterflies in her belly when Mary briefly touched her breast. She'd admitted to herself that she was curious about sex between two women, but she was partly repelled and partly stimulated by this situation. She started walking toward the kitchen, and looked back at Mary. "Perhaps we could use some Iced Tea... I'm a bit nervous about diving into this pool." Moving to the fridge, she obtained a pitcher of tea and poured it into two tall glasses after filling the glasses half way with crushed ice.

Mary smiled, and followed Jill into the kitchen, taking a seat at the table. "Jill, it's OK. I apologize if I upset you."

Jill gave a half smile and put the glasses on a tray, "Really, I need to apologize to you. I shouldn't have done what I did." Picking up the tray, Jill stepped toward the table. Stumbling over an errant table leg, the tray bounced up as Jill started to fall. Icy tea flew up and spilled down the front of both Jill and Mary, soaking them to the skin. "Aaah shit!"' yelled Jill as she sat down hard on the floor. 

Mary, after getting her breath back from the frigid dousing, looked down at Jill on the floor. Her white blouse was a weak tea color, and transparent as a wet t-shirt. Looking down at her own clingy blouse, she saw that the tea had made the material wrap around her firm breasts, and her nipples were sticking out like little pencils from the cold. She started to giggle, and said "Well sweetie, that's one way to break the ice - so to speak."

Jill looked down at her breasts, clearly visible through the soaked material, and up at Mary's high, firm breasts silhouetted by her blouse. She too began to giggle, stood up from the floor and sat next to Mary. "OK, now what do we do?", she said through her chuckles.

"Since we've clearly received a sign from the Fates, I'd vote for getting out of these soggy, cold clothes! Where is the washing machine?", Mary said as she stood up, and pulled her blouse off over her head. Her wet breasts bobbled a bit, goose bumps showing on the pale, creamy skin of her chest and flat belly. She then skinned out of her slacks, holding wet clothes in each hand. Her lacy thong was wet too, revealing a pronounced camel toe where her obviously shaved pussy was pressed against the material.

Jill jumped up, a bit at loose ends by the naked beauty of her friend. She grabbed a dishtowel from the sink, and started drying Mary's chest without thinking. As she started rubbing the towel over Mary's breasts, she suddenly realized what she was doing. As she started back from Mary, she also realized that she liked the feel of another woman's breasts in her hands.

"Don't stop now, Jill. "I'm still wet!" Mary quipped. She saw Jill give a little shiver, and using that as a signal she put her wet clothes on the table and started unbuttoning Jill's sodden blouse. "You're cold. Let's get these wet things off, and jump into a warm shower." Jill allowed Mary to help her out of her blouse. Mary gently caressed Jill's breasts as she removed Jill's blouse, and felt Jill's hands cup her breasts in return. 

Jill shyly looked up at Mary, and said with a shudder of surrender to the wave of lust passing through her body like an electric shock, "Nice tits!"

Mary laughed softly, put her arms around Jill and pulled her close, squeezing Jill's hands between their breasts. She bent her face close to Jill, and softly kissed her on the lips. Feeling Jill return her kiss, she became more ardent and opened her lips slightly, allowing her tongue to slip smoothly between Jill's lips, and her hands to slide down Jill's back and squeeze Jill's firm ass cheeks through the wet skirt she was still wearing.

Jill felt Mary's tongue in her mouth, and met it enthusiastically with her own. She moved her hands over Mary's tits, and felt Mary's hard nipples rub against her equally stiff nipples. Sliding her hands down Mary's torso, Jill explored the flare of Mary's hips, and the soft, firm feel of her ass. Pulling Mary's body to her, Jill ground her pussy against Mary's crotch.

"Girlfriend, it's getting hot in here!" Mary said as she broke their kiss. "We need to get out of the rest of these wet things." Mary stepped back a half step, and bending over she pulled her thong down and stepped out of it. Jill quickly removed her wet tennis skirt and her soaked thong in one fluid movement, throwing them on the table with Mary's clothes. Grabbing Mary by the hand, Jill led her to the bedroom, "The shower is in here..."

"So is the bed," Mary whispered. Pulling gently on Jill's hand, she led her to the bed, pulled down the bedclothes, and helped her to lie down. Leaning over, Mary kissed her again, while softly running her fingertips over Jill's breasts. She gently pinched one of Jill's nipples between her thumb and finger, and pulled on the nipple at the same time. Feeling Jill respond, Mary broke their kiss and kissed Jill's neck, running the tip of her tongue down over her collarbone and up the swell of her right breast. Finding the long, stiff nipple with her lips, she sucked it into her mouth while flicking it with her tongue. Her teeth gently gripped the warm, hard nipple, and pulled lightly while she sucked Jill's aureole into her mouth with the nipple. Mary's right hand moved to Jill's left breast, and began rolling and pulling the nipple at he same time.

Jill couldn't believe the waves of lust and pleasure rolling over her body! Her pussy was hot, and wet, and ached for attention. Opening her eyes, she saw one of Mary's magnificent tits near her mouth, as Mary bent over her body doing wonderful things. Jill reached up and held the firm breast to her mouth, suckling on Mary's nipple like a newborn. She loved the feel of Mary's warm nipple in her mouth... like a tiny little cock that her tongue could entirely cover. 

Jill moved her free hand down the side of Mary's chest and over her butt. Mary moved her leg, and Jill's hand just slid down Mary's thigh into her crotch. Jill could feel the heat radiating out from Mary's wet pussy, and her hand moved to stroke the lips and her finger slid in to the soft, wet slit. Jill moved her finger slowly up Mary's cunt until she could feel the hard nubbin of her clit. Jill thought that she had a large clit, but Mary's clit was half again as large as hers! She let her finger flick over the stiffening bud, and felt Mary shudder and her pussy contract. Jill smiled and sucked Mary's tit harder.

Mary was on fire! Jill's hard nipple was in her mouth and her fingers were playing in her pussy, while Jill sucked on her breast greedily. With no hesitation, Mary slid her tongue down Jill's breast, and circled her belly button. Sensing no resistance, her tongue slid lower on Jill's body until she was sliding along the top of her bare pussy. 

Jill shuddered and her legs spread of their own accord... she was no longer thinking, just feeling the sensual thrills of Mary's attentions. As Mary slid her lips down to kiss Jill's pussy, Mary's breast was pulled away and Jill saw Mary's swollen pussy moving closer to her head. Jill realized Mary had moved into a 69 position, which Jill enjoyed doing with John. Jill felt Mary's tongue slip into her cunt, and flick her throbbing clit, sending electric shudders through her body. Throwing her arms around Mary's thighs, Jill pulled Mary's crotch onto her mouth. She felt Mary's clit like a finger on her chin, lowered her mouth and sucked the big clit in with her tongue flicking it about like a kid licking a lollipop.

Mary's whole body seemed to be one exposed nerve ending, and her entire universe shrank to the ecstasy she experienced as Jill sucked and licked her cunt like it was her husband's cock. Particularly when Jill used her pursed lips to suck her long clit in and out of her mouth. She felt her climax begin to spread through her body, and increased her frenzied licking of Jill's pussy. Mary could feel Jill begin to tense up, and her thighs begin to twitch with her own rising orgasm. Mary buried her mouth into Jill's pussy, her hands clenching Jill's tight ass, and her middle finger slipped over Jill's asshole.

Jill went ballistic, grabbing Mary's ass and shoving her tongue deep into Mary's cunt. Her own pussy was on fire, and both women writhed on the bed in full orgasm. After forever passed in a few moments, Jill kissed Mary's soaked pussy and sat up. "That was fucking incredible!"

"I feel the same. Fantastic!" Mary said as she sat up, drawing her finger through Jill's wet pussy. "All I need now is a big, hard cock to be in Heaven!"

"Hmmmm, funny you should say that," Jill said. "John and I were having sex a couple of days ago, fantasizing that your Jim was fucking me when John walked in. I was supposed to pretend that I was you, so John could fuck you, but we never made it that far. I used my favorite dildo to pretend that Jim was banging me, and John gave me my first anal sex and simulated DP. It turned me on so hard that John didn't have much left for me to be you."

"Wow. I feel cheated!"' Mary said with a grin. "You liked the anal sex?"

"Damn straight! It felt incredible, and I felt like such a slut. It was great! Have you had a cock up that pretty ass yet?"

"No, but we've talked about it a few times. I've been kind of nervous about it. Jim has a pretty thick dick, and I've been afraid it would hurt"

"It only hurts if you tense up. John had me relax, and his cock slid right up my ass." Jill said. "John and I would like you and Jim to come over this Friday night for supper and cards... and I thought maybe..."

"Maybe some more adult fun?", Mary asked.

"Yes," Jill answered. "I sort of hinted that to John. I'd told him earlier that you and Jim were experimenting. What do you think?"

"If it's OK with you, I'd love to suck and fuck your hubby and see your mouth wrapped around Jim's cock, and watch you be fucked by him." Mary said. "But we'd have to set it up for the guys, so they think it just happened spontaneously. You know how guys are."

Jill grabbed Mary and gave her a hard kiss on the mouth. "Oh yes I do... I've been wanting to get into Jim's pants for a while now. Here's what we'll do..."