 On a beautiful Saturday morning, I was walking my dog at the park, barefoot, my mind remarkably placid.

Usually I was consumed, or obsessed, some might say, about why my husband decided to stop having sex with me.

It hasn't happened suddenly, or all at once.

But the frequency with which my husband and I had sex has, over the years, gone down to practically zero.

Just in case you're asking, I don't think it's me. I have not let myself go.

If anything I think I am in better shape now than I ever was in my 20's, thanks to my almost religious devotion to both Yoga and Pilates. I still have the same 24-inch waist I had in college.

My name? Oh, it's Eliana. Eliana Green. Hi.

So, a little about me. I'm 5-foot-1. Yes, quite petite. Brown hair, naturally curly, a mass of corkscrew curls, past my shoulders. Brown eyes that twinkle when I'm happy or blaze when I'm angry. My skin looks like butterscotch pudding.

Three or four years ago I had my boobs done, thinking they were beginning to droop, and I couldn't have that.

They aren't huge, by any means, but one benefit of the surgery was that I only need to wear a bra if it's cold.

On this particularly lovely Saturday morning, I was walking our dog, a golden retriever named Sunshine. I was wearing a sleeveless white button down shirt and denim shorts, bare feet making dainty little foot prints in the grass alongside Sunshine's.

We have no kids, at least not human ones. Instead we own a dog ranch.

They would have been lovely children, at least I hope. But we never had any, in our entire marriage, certainly not for lack of trying.

But I digress. Yes. At the park. Walking the dog.

So anyway, as I'm walking the dog, my cell phone goes off. It's David, my husband. "Hi, honey."

"Hey, babe. Listen, I got clients coming in all day today. I was hoping to get some free time this weekend but I guess not."

I just said, "Yeah. Guess not."

"Go to your friend's house, while you're at the park."

"Yeah, I might just do that. See you later, David."

"Yeah. Later."

"Bye." I hung up and flipped the phone closed.

See what I mean? We can't even spend the damn weekend together!

That's one reason, if not the main reason, why my husband and I have not had any sex. He has literally thrown himself into his work. The dog ranch has become his primary focus. Sometimes his devotion is sweet to see.

Right now, because I'm incredibly horny, it's frustrating, to say the least.

I sighed. Then my phone went off again. "Hello......"

"Hey, sugar!"

I smiled. "Hi, Jordan."

"Hi, yourself, Eliana. I'm almost at the park. You still there?"

"Yep, still here. Sunshine and I just taking our time."

"I know, right. It's a lovely morning, isn't it?"

"Yes, it's beautiful. I could stay here all day."

"Well, good. Boomer and I'll be there in a minute."

I smiled. Boomer was her Old English Sheepdog. "See you then."

Jordan Webb was my girl, my BFF. We go way back. We met in our first year of college together. College room mates, in fact. We bonded over margaritas one night and have been fast friends ever since.

She and I were completely the opposite, appearance wise. We were the same petite height, but there the similarities ended. She was several shades darker than I, her skin the same color as chocolate, her hair jet black and totally straight. Her figure was slender, almost skinny, compared to my somewhat thicker, busty build.

She had not jumped the broom. She said she hasn't found anyone she wanted to make that big jump with. I could understand that.

I mostly married my husband to make my parents happy. They continue to be disappointed in the lack of children around our house.

* * * * * * * *

A while later, Jordan and I had exercised our dogs and ourselves, and were over by our cars. Jordan had managed to find my car and park nearby.

Jordan was looking lovely, in a long pink sundress with a high empire waist and gossamer thin spaghetti straps. She had, for some reason, gotten her hair styled in a short 60's inspired bob.

I managed to get Sunshine in the back of my SUV, closed the door and turned around.

Jordan smiled. "So, where to next? Home, I guess?"

"Yeah, I guess."

"Having trouble with David?"

"Yeah."

"Let me guess, he won't have sex any more?"

"How did you know?"

"Eliana, child, you forget I'm a marriage counselor. I've seen countless women in my office just like you. I know what a horny frustrated woman looks like."

I didn't like being so transparent. "Yeah, I suppose so."

There was a few beats of silence.

Then Jordan said, "Why don't you come with me to my place and I can help you out with that."

She didn't have to explain what "that" meant.

Instead I said, "I've never.....been....with a woman before."

Jordan smiled. "Don't worry, I'm a very patient lover."

"Please don't tell me you're a lesbian?"

"Nope. I am bisexual, though. That's part of the reason why I haven't gotten married."

"Yeah, I can imagine. Male jealousy is so petty sometimes."

"So come on! Let's go to my place. I can help get that pinched look off your face."

"Deal. Except, can I follow you, instead? I don't like leaving Sunshine here all by herself."

"Sure! Absolutely, baby. You remember where my house is?"

"Yeah. Just give me a minute."

* * * * * *

Twenty minutes later, I was at Jordan's house.

Our dogs were squared away, someplace more comfortable than our vehicles, and Jordan and I were in her kitchen, shoes off again, sitting at her counter, sipping glasses of white wine.

I said, "This is really good wine."

"I know, right? I bought a bottle from a very high-end restaurant."

"I didn't think there was a restaurant in town that sold its own wine."

"Just one place here in town. I dine there regularly."

I lifted my glass. "Here's to high end dining."

Jordan smiled. "I hear that."

"Thanks. I needed this."

"I know, baby."

"No, really, seriously. If you know my situation, you would also know I haven't spent any time like this with my husband, at all."

Quietly, Jordan said, "I know."

We kept sipping wine. Then I said, "Boy, the marriage counseling business must be doing really well, if you can afford the good things in life."

Jordan smiled. "Yes, I must say, it's been good to me. You should see me at work. I've been purchasing from this website that makes custom measured leather clothes. Jackets, skirts, dresses. Boots. The whole nine."

I felt my pussy twinge. "I've always wanted to get custom fitted leather."

"Why don't you? Just go the site, order what you want, enter your measurements. Your order arrives in 5-7 business days."

I shrugged. "Leather is expensive."

"Somehow I get the feeling that's not the only reason....."

I put my glass of wine on the counter. "Jordan, not only do we not have sex any more, we don't even spend time together any more. Not even talking, like this. We used to shop together. Now it's almost like I have to call my husband's secretary. We might as well divorce and make it official."

"Why don't you?"

"Simple. I hate moving."

"You could come and live here with me. Sunshine and Boomer get along just fine. And I know we do."

I giggled. "Yes. We do. It would be just like old times."

"I know, right? Just like in college."

"Just like old times......."

I took a sip of wine, then turned away to put the glass down.

When I turned back, Jordan was entering my space, coming very close to me, closer even than she's ever been.

"What.... are .... you ..... doing?"

"This....."

And suddenly her lips were touching mine. Soft lips. Softly touching. Not so much kissing as just touching our lips together.

"Jordan...."

Soft kiss.

"Hmmm, baby?"

Soft kiss.

"What are we doing?"

Soft kiss.

"Kissing......"

Soft kiss.

"We're friends....."

"Friends can kiss...."

From that moment, I shut up. I don't think I've loved, much less trusted, anyone more than Jordan Webb. I felt like I could tell her anything.

One thing I never told her was that sometimes I thought about her in ways that weren't exactly platonic. But in college that's not exactly something you tell your room mate. Not if you like the whole building talking. 

Now suddenly all my wishes were coming true. I just went with it. I'm smart enough to not think too much, and not say anything.

I slipped my arms around her waist, pulling her closer to me.

Jordan eagerly moved closer to me, running her fingers through my hair, her light kisses becoming deeper.

But she was moving slowly. Taking her time. Not rushing. I liked that.

As she kissed me, her mouth opened. I matched her. Then suddenly her tongue started playing with mine.

I moaned. Jordan moaned, too.

We stood there and kissed for a while longer.

Then Jordan softly stopped her kisses, although her face was "this" close to mine. Softly, she said, "Care to take this to the bedroom, baby?"

Her voice was deep with arousal.

"Yes. Let's take this to the bedroom."

Mine was just as deep.

Jordan took my hand, and led me past the kitchen.

My heart felt like it was about to beat right out from under my boobs as we arrived at the entrance to Jordan's bedroom.

Her room was just the way it had always been. Queen sized brass bed in the center. Hardwood floor. Mahogany furniture with brass accents.

We took five steps, actually going inside her room. Then with a simple shrug of her shoulders, there was a rustle of fabric, and Jordan's dress was a puddle around her ankles.

Jordan was naked. In all her beautiful chocolate glory. She grinned mischeviously as I looked her up and down, from head to toe.

"Do you like what you see, baby?"

Swallowing, I nodded. "Yes."

Jordan's smile changed to something more tender. Then she stepped up to me, and we kissed again.

As we were kissing, I felt Jordan reach up and cup my breasts through the material of my shirt.

Her touch was soft and gentle, a more feminine touch.

I could feel myself getting wet.

Suddenly Jordan said, "Why we take this off? We might as well both be naked....."

I grinned and blushed. "Yes. We might as well."

Jordan giggled. Then she unsnapped the snaps one at a time, and finally spread the material apart. Her eyes got wide.

I put my fingers under her chin, easing her face up. "Do you like what you see?"

"Yes. They're beautiful."

I blushed, enormously pleased by her words. Then I eased my hand on the back of her head and gently pulled her towards me.

She didn't resist.

I giggled as she unabashedly put her hands on my now bare breasts and juggled them. Then I moaned as she planted soft little kisses all over them.

Finally I let loose a little gasp as she gently put her mouth on my right nipple and softly sucked it.

I ran my nails through her hair and closed my eyes as she sucked my breasts.

Then suddenly she stopped. I opened my eyes again.

Jordan said, "Let's get more comfortable, shall we?"

She took my hand and led me over to the side of the bed. I didn't resist. Then she laid me down on the white down comforter, kissing me. Suddenly she pulled back, stood up, then unzipped the zipper of my shorts, and finally lifted my legs up and pulled them off.

Her face lit up. That made me giggle.

She said, "I see you get your pussy waxed...."

I smiled. "The better to feast on it."

"Straight up, girl...." 

Jordan began at my ankle, softly kissing along the inner part of my leg, sending twinges and everything shooting down the nerve endings.

But she moved slowly. Teasing me. Driving me crazy!

After what seemed like an eternity of this delicious torture, she pulled my butt to the edge of the bed, got down on her knees, stuck out that wicked pink tongue of hers and went to town.

"Oh, shit!"

"Mmmm. Do you. Like it. When I. Eat your pussy?"

"Oh, shit! Yes! I do!"

It had been a long time indeed since my pussy had been touched by any one else besides myself.

I couldn't tell you how long Jordan ate my pussy. I could tell you that I enjoyed it immensely.

Then she suddenly stopped. I looked over at her. She stood up and said, "Let's get you more comfortable, shall we?"

I smiled up at her. "Sounds good to me."

Jordan climbed on the bed next to me, reached under me, pulled the covers back, and then finally grabbed my legs and pulled so I was laying on the bed, my head at the head of the bed.

Then she moved on top of me, using her knees to gently part my legs.

Suddenly she was laying on top of me, kissing me in that soft gentle way again, and most of all, grinding her hips against mine.

The circular motion started off gentle at first, but became harder and more urgent.

Jordan's face became pinched with pleasure as her movements became fast and urgent.

She said, "Oh god!"

"Feels so good!"

"Yes it does! Gonna....."

"Yes, come on, baby!"

"Gonna..... ahhahahhhhhh!"

A second later, so did I.

Our orgasms were explosive and simultaneous. I dug my nails in her back as I came.

After a minute or so, we each caught our breath, laying in each other's arms, kissing slowly and deeply.

Jordan ran her nails through my hair as she kissed me.

I stared into her eyes. "Nobody, and I mean nobody, has ever done anything like that to me before."

Jordan giggled. "Eating your pussy? Or the grinding?"

"Both."

"Good."

We kissed for a little bit longer. It was wonderful.

Jordan pulled back slightly and said, "So, would you like to try that on me?"

"I'm not sure if I can even stand...."

We both laughed.

Then I rolled over on top of Jordan. I stared into her eyes as I began to rub my pussy against hers.

Jordan hissed. "That's it...."

"Is that good? Am I doing it right?"

Jordan suddenly clutched my arms, her nails digging in as she gasped out loud. "Oh shit, yes, you're doing it right......"

Grinning mischeviously, I kept doing it.

I could feel the tension slowly building inside my own pussy. Minutes later we were spent and sweaty and satisfied, kissing the day away.

Laying side by side, Jordan said, "God, I so needed that. Thank you."

"I should be thanking you."

"Believe me, you already have."

"Okay."

We kissed, slowly and softly, caressing each other.

Softly I said, "Can I tell you something?"

"Sure you can. What is it?"

"I've been......thinking....about you and me..... like this."

Jordan responded with a kiss. "I'm glad to hear you say that. I hope the reality was just as good as the fantasy."

"Better."

We kissed again.

* * * * * * * *

As Sunshine hopped in the back of my SUV, Jordan gave me a hug.

After a long hot fun shower, we both got dressed again. Now we were both back outside.

Jordan said, "I'm almost afraid to ask, but were you serious about getting a divorce?"

"I don't know. I suppose I could keep seeing you like this and say married."

"Well I know of a good lawyer if you want to consult with her first. She owes me a favor."

"What's her name?"

"Cheryl Evans. She's the best."

"Well, I don't want to promise you anything. Not yet, anyway."

"I understand."

"Let me talk to this Cheryl Evans and see what she says. Then I'll call you to set up a lunch date."

Jordan smiled. "Okay. Sounds good."

We hugged again.

I said, "I can't seem to let you go....."

Jordan laughed. "Neither can I."

"But I have to get home. David might be wondering where I'm at. The hypocrite."

"Yes. Get home. Then talk to that lawyer. I'll email you the contact details."

"No, don't email me. Text me, instead." I fished my keys out of my purse. "I'll talk to you soon, baby."

"Be careful, Eliana."

"I will, Jordan."