 Sweet Josie. We met last year when she was assigned as my dorm roommate on my freshman year. Summer is fading into fall and now, at the start of our junior year, we chose to room again. A little shorter than me, her tight little body, her brown sugar colored hair and sex bed hazel eyes, causes boy's heads to turn when she walks down the dorm halls. But she's mine. And my Josie likes girls. 

Our thing began one night last year, after a football game, when we returned from the bar. She kissed me. I let her. And we had sex. I love eating her pussy. She likes to eat mine. I found out I really liked being the giver more than the receiver. No wonder she's crazy about me! 

Having my clit stimulated has always been way better for me than penetration. I love to be rubbed and fondled and licked. But Josie loves to be penetrated. Banged with a big purple strap on. She's told me she's never been penetrated by a guy. She's only been on a date with one for senior prom. She's only kissed a guy once at that same occasion. She says she lost her virginity to a lesbian renting a room in her mother's house. And although she's never had a guy's dick in her, she loves getting fucked really hard. When I rub her clit during foreplay, she pushes my fingers inside her. I like how wet she gets. Absolutely gushy. It makes me hot. I'm addicted her; with her blonde hair, tanned legs and the crazy sounds she makes when aroused. No wonder guys are such insatiable sex hounds! Making a girl pant and make sexy noises while squirming under your touch gives me an incredible feeling of power. I get more satisfaction out of making Josie cum than I do when she goes down on me. 

Josie's pussy is so tight. You can't see her pussy lips until she spreads open her legs. They're really thin and pale, different from the rest of her tanned body. She's always groomed down there; a mound of soft honey blonde hair silky with every other bit of her smooth all around. I loved teasing her pussy lips with kisses before pushing her legs apart and start licking with a wide flat tongue. She gets sooo wet. A few strokes of my finger causes a slickness as thick as lube. My favorite thing to do to her is to try to get her so worked up and wet that her juices actually drip in between the cheeks of her ass. She hardly ever lets me play with her long enough for that to happen. She pushes my two fingers inside her and finger fuck her as hard and as fast and as deep as I can. 

She loves dildos. I'd never seen one in real life until sharing a room with Josie. Not one of them looks like a real penis. When ask her why, she says, 'Ew! That's fucking gross!' She has four toys; the strap on, two vibrators and a dildo. They're all either pink or purple or have crazy ridges and textures on them. I don't like fucking her with those as much as I do with my fingers but I did enjoy how much pleasure it gives her. 

I'm not sure if anyone in the dorm suspects that we're more than just roommates. And because I'm a band geek, most would never guess that she's on the receiving end. She tells me I'm a girl on the streets but the man in the sheets. It gets awfully crowded in my twin bed when Josie sleeps with me, but waking up beside a nearly naked girl is the fucking best! That's what I love about being with Josie. Her warm long body under the covers with me. She sleeps in a tank top and men's boxer shorts to bed while I wear a tank top and panties. Getting our smooth bare legs all tangled up with each other is so awesome. Waking up really slowly, chilling in bed on a lazy Sunday morning, touching and rubbing into each other is a most sensual thing, when take my time touching her and enjoying her girly curves. She plays badminton for the college team so she's toned and athletic. She's a sexy tomboy.

So we're back at school. Classes start on Monday. We have this weekend of absolute freedom and we decided to make the most of it. We moved into our dorm two weeks early and we've been sleeping in her twin bed the whole time. One morning I woke up and I saw her with her back to me, asleep, I believe from her steady rhythmic breathing. She was wearing my shirt, like always, and it was all bunched up so her lower back was exposed. The boxers she was wearing were all bunched up too so most of her gorgeous ass was clearly visible. Damn it! I am so fucking attracted to her body. I'm slim and tall with my mom's big boobs but she's stacked. Her waist is tight and toned. Her hips are slim but she has an ass. My finger traced the hollow of lower back. Still asleep, she didn't even flinch. Her skin is really warm and soft. I love feeling her skin under my fingertips. I rubbed all the way up her bare back under her shirt to the back of her neck and then down to the waistband of her boxers. I trailed my finger inside the waistband of her boxers to touch her soft ass underneath. I don't know when she woke up exactly but I realized she was awake when little whimpers murmured into her pillow. 

I gathered her close until we were spooning. My hand was now buried down the back of her shorts. I kissed the back of her neck and then laid my head upon hers. The dorm was so quiet that Sunday morning. The sound of her breathing let me know she was getting turned on. My leg was thrown over hers and I reached over her shoulder to put my hand between her thighs to caress the soft skin around her pussy. It felt wonderful but I really wanted to stick my fingers in her slit to feel how wet she is. She could tell what I wanted after a few attempts to spread her open, she finally raised her leg just a little to let her knee fall forward leaving me enough room to let me finger in her now exposed lovely folds. Oh fuck, she was so wet. So, so wet. Touching her gently had me so worked up. I didn't want it to turn into the wild banging she craves. I was loving just rubbing her ass and pussy from behind like this. Instead of pushing inside her, I coated my finger in her wetness and rubbed it on her smooth tight asshole. She sucked in a sharp breath at the first touch. I started rubbing it more and more, wetting my finger with her juices before going back to that tightest little spot. It got me so turned on to touch her like this. 

I raised my head up a little so I could see her face. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her face was flushed pink. Her little ass was so slippery now. I started sort of pressing onto it with a little bit more pressure. Her face and her sweet moans told me she liked it. Her hand drifted down between her legs and she started rubbing her clit while I played with her from behind. It was very sexy when our hands would bump each other down there. Her asshole is now slick. Josie moaned more and more. 

I slowly inched the tip of my finger into her tight hole. She was so smooth and very tight. I kept my slippery finger inside her but started fucking her ass with little in and out motions while she rubbed herself with more intensity from the front. I was obsessed by her face, all flushed panting in heat through her open mouth. She so sexy! Her hips rocked. I could tell she was about to orgasm. I love the softness of her beautiful butt against my hand. The sweetness of our relationship combined with 'filth' and 'perversity' of having my finger inside her ass turned me on.

I whispered, "You love it, don't you? You dirty bitch."

"God, I'm going to cum."

Josie was moaning over and over as her body shuddered with orgasm. Her ass clamped around my fingers so tightly it wouldn't move at all for a couple seconds. She got off so hard. After her body stopped moving, I plucked my finger from inside her. She rolled over and we kissed all wet and frantic with moans and tongues and smacking lips. Afterwards, we laid there, all sated, dirty and happy as hell. We got up, scrounged in the cafeteria for something to eat, and made our plans for our last weekend of freedom.

I said, "You know what you should do?"

"What?" she asked.

"You should take some guy's virginity while I watch. I want to coach him while he fucks you."

She grinned in agreement so we started plotting. I don't know any virgins so we had to dig deep. We went back to my place to search our social media for a candidate. But no one ever advertises to lose their virginity. So we took to Tinder. Josie and I composed an ad, looking for a guy who was down to lose his virginity to two college age women. By the next day, the ad had been taken down and marked as spam, but that didn't stop about fifty guys from swiping us. I sifted through all of them and responded to maybe a dozen. The one that caught my eye. Connor had just had his 18th birthday and wanted to lose his virginity before entering college. After confirming his age and checking out his Facebook page, I decided the blond haired All American looking guy was the one. I didn't even if he's a virgin or not. I liked his look. I contacted him by text and told him he'd been chosen. He couldn't have been happier.

Josie was excited so excited, she insisted we go shopping for the deflowering. My tits are a little larger than hers but we can wear the same clothes so I borrowed something from her wardrobe. She even paid for a hotel room near the campus. So after shopping, we went straight there and waited for him. It was only about seven o'clock and Connor wasn't scheduled to arrive for another hour, so naturally, before we changed, put on our make-up and sipped from a box of wine. Pleasantly drunk, Josie ate my pussy. Damn it I love being eaten out by a girl.

After I came, we chilled on the bed and watched TV as we waited for our virgin to show up. An hour later we hear a knock at the door.

I answered the door and let him in, locking the door behind us. He was your average awkward teenager. Tall, kind of gangly, no facial hair to speak of, blonde, and smelling of weed.

We introduced ourselves.

"I'm Josie. This is Dani."

I asked, "Are you nervous?"

He answered, "Yeah."

Josie said, "I smell the weed."

He replied, "I was smoking in the car to try and calm down."

Josie sat on the bed and asked, "Did you bring any for us?"

"Yeah," he said, pulling a small baggie of weed and a small pipe from his jeans pocket.

His hands shook as he packed a bowl, lit it up and passed it to Josie who took a toke before handing it to me. I took a toke before setting down the pipe, slowly exhaling the smoke before I crawled across the bed to kiss him. As we sloppily kissed, I put my hand on his crotch. I could feel his dick harden at my touch. I hadn't touched a cock in a while and it really got me going. Without even thinking, I pulled his dick out and put it in my mouth. A few seconds later, he pulled my head off his dick. Poor guy. He tightly held his dick in a desperate attempt to cum. But his orgasm busted through. Josie smiled with evil glee. He started to jerk off as the rest of his cum spurting from his cock. He looked so embarrassed.

"I'm sorry," he said, still gripping his cum soaked dick.

I didn't want him to feel bad, so licked his spunk from his cock and balls and his fingers still tightly held into fist. I opened my mouth to show him his cum. When I did, Josie grabbed my face and kissed me hard. We swirled Connor's spunk around our mouths as we began to grope each other. I made Josie put her head in Connor's lap while I fingered her. She took his now soft cock in her mouth and sucked it until she finally bobbed her head up. He was hard once more. She got onto her hands and knees.

"Fuck her," I said to Connor. "She wants you to fuck her."

He bucked up to his knees. I helped guide the tip in. She apparently forgot he was a virgin, just like I did before, and started really riding him hard. She started by rocking her hips back and forth. I enjoyed the great view of his now hard wet cock pounding my Josie's hairy little pussy. I will forever fantasize about that. 

After a minute he muttered, "God, I'm going to cum."

Sometimes, Josie squirts and this had her leaking as Connor thrusted balls deep inside her. The bed was a mess. Josie was a mess. Connor was spent and yet, I still wanted more. Yes I had gotten off with Josie earlier, but seeing her get pounded like that made me want it.

Connor withdrew and with a bounce of the bed, he collapsed upon his back. I crawled on the dry part of the bed to look down upon his flustered face.

I asked, "You got any left for me?"

"I don't know if I can get it up again," he said massaging his half limp dick.

I love a challenge. I gave him a little time for the sensitivity to wane away before placing his dick in my mouth. He was still soft until she started kissing his neck and chest all over. He started to moan and I could feel the blood pumping into his cock. Once it was hard enough, I hopped on. 

Once we got situated, I told him to just fuck me as hard has he could until he came. He started fast right off the bat, just hammering my pussy, I could feel his balls slapping my ass as Josie fondled my tits. He managed to keep up his jackhammer pace until a huge orgasm built inside me like a coiling snake.

"Aww shit," I yelled as I began to cum.

He held it deep inside me as my cunt pulsed around his hard shaft. And when I finished, I fell forward and withed like a cat in heat. He was still holding his cock in his hand, squeezing it in an effort to keep it appeased. I crawled back up to my knees.

I said, "Cum on our faces." 

"What?"

Josie joined me, getting down on her hands and knees by my side.

"Cum in our face."

Poor Connor. He was about to have his third orgasm. So we started blowing him, one would take his cock while the other licked his balls, and then we switched off like this for a while. Sometimes we'd both work the shaft and kind of make out on his cock. It was honestly one of the most fun things I've ever experienced. We both eagerly awaited his load as he jerked off an inch from our faces. Miraculously, he came again. It wasn't much, but he got smear of it Josie's nose which I licked off.

Once we cleaned up, we smoked a little more weed. Then he thanked us and left. Josie and I decided to stay in the room for the night. We grabbed some fast food and talked about what had just went down. We got ourselves all worked up again and decided to masturbate next to each other. We searched for porn together until we found something we both liked. After about 2 minutes of mutual masturbation, we realized how bad we wanted to fuck each other, so she went down on me again. I lost track of time and I also lost count of my orgasms. God, what a wild night.

On the first day of class, Josie and I walked across the campus to class. Our teacher, Mr. Maier, is a handsome guy.

"He's so cute," she said.

"Maybe we should put him on our list of fuckables."

"Naw. Plastic over penis any day. As long as you're behind it."

I've fallen in love with Josie. I'll fuck her for as long as I can. And our junior year will rock like our bed.