 Chapter Two: Shopping Together

Francesca continued to be amazed at how their lives had flowed back together after all these years. She and Emma seemed to have picked up as if there had been no interruption at all between their teenage friendship and the women they had become. For the most part, their likes and dislikes were similar, and where they differed, the differences were easily passed over, rather as a charming anomaly than a difference.

"What is this thing?" she asked herself. 

After all, she was a fairly private person in many ways, and she was rather choosy about her friends. She liked interesting people, with a broad range of interests, a good sense of humor, along with recognition of the ironies of life. Surely it was unlikely for this friendship to have endured and to be satisfying to both of them. 

"What is it, that makes it so very different" she muttered to herself. 

Still here she was, excited as if a new adventure had begun. The new adventure she had wished for. 

"Is it true what they say," she mused, "that you shouldn't wish for things, you might get your wish!" Thinking it through, she decided that whatever it was, she truly wanted it.

What was a little troubling, was the strange reactions she was having. Emma actually elicited a feeling in her that was very much like sexual excitement. She had masturbated shamelessly as she drove away from Em's apartment in a hansom cab the first time they got together. That was something new for her conservative nature! Some adventure, she thought. "I haven't even ridden in a hansom cab before!" A big self-satisfied smile broke over her face at the thought of her outrageous behavior.

"You look happy today. What has happened in your life, may I ask?" Emma had come up to her as she waited under the clock.

"Ohhhhh, you sneaked up on me, you brat!" 

She pulled Emma to her in their familiar hug; Now all grown up and sophisticated with a cheek kiss in the European style, three times, alternating cheeks. She was aware that her wrists just barely touched Em's breasts as she held her arms. Pulling Emma close, she was even more aware of their breasts touching as they had a thousand times before. Funny how she was noticing all these inadvertent touches now.

"Day dreaming, then? You sure have a mystical grin on you pretty face! Come on, out with it!" Emma wasn't giving up on it, her own smile was bright, spread wide across her face, clearly springing from a feeling of heartfelt pleasure. She waited expectantly.

"Oh, OK, if you must know, I was thinking about you, actually! About how happy I am that we have picked up just where we left off after all these years. I was just thinking that in spite of the years, we seem to go on as if we had never been separated. At least, that's how it seems to me! I hope that doesn't embarrass you, Em."

"Embarrass, me? No! I'm thrilled. I've been thinking exactly the same thing on the way down here. It is really amazing, don't you think? To tell the truth, I think I always had a big crush on you -- at least as much as a girl can have on another girl - it is soooo great to still have it! Now, I have to say it: 'Hope that doesn't embarrass you!??' Not that it will do you any bloody good if it does embarrass you - can't help it, can I?" She spoke in that non-stop, run on sentence manner you can only do with a close friend who knows the shorthand that each uses.

Em squeezed her hand and pulled her along. "Come on, let's get going, we've got shopping to do, money to spend, things to see, people to do!" They held hands happily for a few feet down the white granite hall of Water Tower Mall. Francesca felt a twinge of loss when they dropped their hands away from each other.

"Mister Charlie says I need new panties!! So he's going to get them, ..and the bill" she laughed. "The man is incorrigible, I think he still would like to 'play doctor' if I weren't such a prude." She nudged Francesca with a big laugh. "He goes crazy if I let him see my panties, don't you know! Remember when we used to drive my brother up the wall by flashing him? You were the worst one, I just played along to be nice to you!"

"Liar!!! OH, you are so full of it, ……yoouuuuuuu! You were the ring leader, I never had the nerve for all that stuff you lead me into!!" Francesca laughed at the memory. 

They headed for Starbucks for a coffee and a sandwich, girding their loins for the arduous task of shopping a major mall.

"How about dinner with us tonight? Charlie suggested it and he says he'll cook. I have to watch you and Charlie, he likes you already!"

"Good, I think he is an absolute dear! Do you really think he likes me?"

"Likes you? He's never offered to cook for anyone except me before! And he only does it for me in exchange for a wild night of sex, sex, sex." Emma laughed. "Wait a minute. Now that I think about it, I better keep an eye on you two!"

"Gawd, Em, he's such a hunk, where did you find him? I think you're right"

"Oh, we just met at the office. I hated him at first. The arrogant bastard knows how gorgeous he is. Uh……. Wait a minute, back up, what was that 'I think you're right?' comment."

Francesca smiled her most arch, enigmatic smile. "I think you are right to watch us carefully. I'm practically a virgin, as you know, but he might even charm me out of my panties, if he worked at it! He's a good cook, too, you say?"

Emma reached across the table in mock shock, pushed her finger in the valley between Francesca's breasts, hooked her finger in her bra and tugged. 

"Watch it, sweetie!" she laughed. "Hmmmm, it's a two edged sword, but I'm glad that my best two friends like each other. Hmmmmmm, interesting. Hmmmmmmm, possibilities there for me!"

"Quit humming, you sound like a vacuum cleaner run amuck!" Francesca retorted. She was finding Em sexy and her frequent sexy allusions strangely exciting. Francesca thought back to her recent secret, innermost thoughts. Just little fragments of thoughts, really. Day dreams that of a bi-sexual nature. Could it be that she really meant it? Was something inside asking for something more? Was it, in fact Em? She shivered slightly at the thought. The first time she had ever had the fantasy connected with a specific person. 

She shook it out of her mind. They were off to the beautiful shops, sprinkling them with their laughter and their personal jokes. They seemed to be having so much more fun than the other shoppers were!

In fact, she forgot it completely for about an hour. Forgot it, in fact until they entered Victoria's Secret, their arms already loaded with packages from Nieman Marcus, Marshall Field's, Bonwit Teller, and other lesser boutiques. 

"Me need panties, me need panties, me the panty monster!" muttered Emma, and led the way down the aisle. 

"Shut up, you nut" they'll think I'm as crazy as you are! Have a heart for your poor modest friend." Francesca didn't mind really, but they were in some jeopardy of becoming a spectacle.

"But first, look at that cute blouse! I have to have it. It'll drive Charlie mad. I'll be lucky if he doesn't tear it off on the first outing. No pun intended!"

Emma was off to a changing room and Francesca followed along, window-shopping the lacy wares along the way. She was holding up a very pretty teddy, wondering if she really needed it, when she heard Emma's voice.

"Frannie, could you be a dear and bring me one of those Wonder-bras. 34B should be OK, see if they have one in fuchsia."

Francesca found the rack and brought two colors since the closest to fuchsia wasn't really very pretty. She brought along the teddy and another bra she had been looking at.

She knocked and Emma opened the door wide. She was standing in her pantyhose and heels. Her nipples attracted Francesca's eyes. They were a rich dark brown against her suntanned skin, and stood out proud and erect. Perky would have been most descriptive. Her nipples were rigid and mounted on the dark brown circles of her aureoles in a strikingly attractive and sensual way. Something about them was peculiarly attractive, perhaps that they looked perfect and rich looking - Francesca was reminded of the way the leather seats of a Mercedes always look so completely perfect and totally inviting. It was that sort of feeling that came over her, staring at her friends pretty breasts. 

Francesca heard her own voice deep inside saying, "What are you doing admiring another woman, for god's sake! That's not like you." She couldn't recall ever being so affected by the sight of another woman. It was a bit strange. She noticed how lovely the rest of Em's body was too. She was just beautiful. The pantyhose pressed her hip hugger style panties flat against her tummy, clung to the pronounced curve of her mound. They were lacy and nearly see through, emphasizing the sweet triangle of curls at the apex of her body. The center seam of the dark nutty brown pantyhose pressed precisely into the crease at the center of her body.

Emma didn't say anything, just stood letting Francesca look at her. She enjoyed being admired by this dear friend. She wondered why it felt so good to be so naked here with Francesca. It just did, she admitted, she felt warm and secure and loved.

"Oh, here you are, Em, these are the closest colors, not very bright, though."

She watched as Emma fastened the bra around her waist, and then pulled it up into place. Her nipples were slowly swallowed up by the delicate bra, which then pushed Emma's nice sized breasts - not big, but very nice and wonderfully shapely - pushed them up into a cleavage that Sophia Loren would have been proud of in her youth. 

"Wow, look at you! Charlie is going to love it!" Francesca smiled her approval. "Em, you really have beautiful breasts! Where did you get those out of the ittie-bitties you used to have?" she laughed.

She slipped the see-through blouse over the voluptuous looking bra. "What do you think, Frannie, does he deserve this?"

"Hmmm, maybe the other color would be even better?" Francesca was sure that she was not just suggesting it just for another glimpse of her friend's lovely succulent-looking nipples.

"Maybe so, let's see."

She slipped out of the bra and handed it to Francesca, taking her time to fasten the other one and then slowly slipping it into place. Her nipples were strangely aroused, she thought. She looked down at the diamond-hard nubs so prominently projecting from the round perfection of her breasts. The lifting pads felt good to her and she like the way it made her breasts look a little bigger, but more importantly, simply prettier to look at, round and full. She decided on this one and they went out to pick matching panties for Charlie's pleasure. 

Francesca was talked into brightening up her lingerie drawer, too. 

"Come on Frannie, let's see what the Wonder-bra does for you. You have so much more to work with!" Emma had teased. She found a 36C on the rack and waved it in the air in Francesca's direction, leading the way to the changing booth. The positions had changed now with Emma watching with interest, as Francesca hooked the bra then moved it up over her opulent breasts. 

"Oh, wow, you look wonderful!" Emma said. "Here let me." She reached for the top of the bra and tugged it into place. Her nails just touched the first of the double curve that formed Francesca's nipples. Francesca felt the tingle of excitement at her touch, and wasn't sure what to make of it. She liked it.

They were soon off, their burden increased still more with the frilly little bits of nothing they had found for each other. At the curb, they caught one of Chicago's finest yellow cabs, with its typically untidy interior. It was in distinct contrast to the posh shops and silky undies they had been buying.

They came into the small entry of Em's apartment to find the odors of cooking rich in the air. Charlie emerged, smiling, to meet them. 

"Charlie, my love, WE GOT PANTIES!" Em shouted, swinging the shopping bags and making a pirouette in front of him. Her arms flew around him. "Wanna see?"

"YES! Yesyesyesyes! How are you, Francesca? Exhausted, following her around, I'll bet!" He kissed her warmly, once on each cheek, but then stopped and kissed her lightly on the lips. 

Francesca smiled at his attentions. "God, Charlie, if you did windows, I'd ask you to marry me."

"Jesus, do you know how high these windows are?" he jibed back. "Haven't you got anything else that needs done besides windows?" She felt his body nudge hers suggestively. 'God, he is a hunk,' she thought to herself.

Charlie sat at the head of the table. He also acted as wine waiter and headwaiter to all their wants. Dinner was delicious. A beautiful Caesar salad, nice vegetables, and then filet of beef sliced thin, sautéed and smothered in a brandy-laced brown sauce full of mushrooms and onions and a hint of garlic. The wine was red, a Cote d' Beaune, which Charlie said was his favorite.

Both girls had kicked off their shoes under the table and were feeling the comfort that comes only from being treated to wine and a wonderful dinner. 

They bumped in the process, and Emma said, "Want to play footsie, Francesca? She entwined her nyloned toes with Francesca's and made obvious moves to squeeze her feet together around Francesca's.

"Here, now, girls, here, now!" Charlie's wide Texas brogue was more evident now that the wine had taken its effect. "Shouldn't I be involved in this - with at least one of you?" They turned their attentions to him and he soon had the feet of both his dinner partners in his lap. Taking their sleek ankles in his hand, he chortled, "A guy could starve at this table, you know. What kind of man would reach for his fork with legs like this in his hands?"

Francesca admitted to herself that she really enjoyed a soft game of footsie, made especially enjoyable with these two friends. She fondled Charlie's thigh with one foot and aggressively let her other foot touch the inside of Emma's nylon encased thigh, her heel resting on the chair seat between her legs.

"What's for dessert, Charlie? We have a surprise for you if it,s a good one." 

"It's the best! I made for you -- Cherries Jubilee! Tell me what that's worth!"

"I love it! Go fix it and Francesca and I will be right back."

Francesca had no idea what was ahead. She didn't remember any presents they had bought for Charlie.

"Come on Frannie, let's give Charlie a double thrill!" she said drunkenly, leading her to the bedroom, and picking up their parcels on the way.

When Charlie came back carrying the flaming desserts, he nearly dropped the tray with shock. His two guests were sitting there, smiling up at him. Their matching fuchsia-colored bras pushed their charms into wonderful, glorious mountains, shadowed by the flickering candles. 

"Oh, lordy, I've done died and gone to heaven. Lord, I don't know what I've done to deserve this, but I hope heaven is just like this!" He served their desserts as they giggled under his amorous gaze. 

The sight of their breasts mesmerized Charlie. He couldn't take his eyes off Francesca, and then had the same trouble when he switched his happy gaze to Emma. He fondled her as he leaned over Emma's shoulder for an open-mouthed kiss. He was more careful with Francesca, stopping short of lifting her heavy breasts, and settling for a kiss while staring transfixed at them pushed so deliciously near.

Francesca found herself sitting erect and preening; her breasts, she knew, looked terrific and it was thrilling to be so exposed amongst friends. While public nudity had not been one of her things before, she felt wildly happy at this moment.

The evening ended as it began, with goodnight kisses on each cheek and then one slightly "tonguey" one from Charlie as he handed her into a cab. 

"Goodnight, sweetheart," he said in Texas Longhorn drawl, "Y'all come back real soon."

The cab moved off and Francesca thought, "White hansom cab, where the hell are you when I need you?"

To Be Continued...