 I passed out in Celeste bed, oh my, as she thought, and continued, I look around after waking up, and realizing that I need Celeste next to me. I notice it is dark outside as I nuzzled up to her as I drifted off to sleep. 

Celeste and Monica both woke up, drowsy like, and looked into each other eyes as pressed down on to each, as they kissed their lips. As they parted Celeste smiled at Monica saying in a low purred voice, "Oh Monica I am glad you woke up. I was worried when you passed out. I did not know what to do. I let you go off to sleep." as Celeste added, "Come here I need to feel your body next to mine. I love you even more know."

"Celeste please do not worry about it. I have done several time when I been home taking care of my cunt. I am so sorry to worry you. I should have told you that before I pass out. It is nothing to worry about." as Monica replied.

"Oh Monica." as Celeste held onto Monica, adding, "I will know that. Come here I need you in my arms again." 

Monica beaming as she looked at Celeste and softly said, "If it ever happens again just remember I may be out, but I am in heaven because of you."

"You are a real smart ass aren't you." as Celeste smiled.

"Well that is what I am at times, a real smart ass. Now kiss me you hot bitch." as Monica leaned over to Celeste, and felt their emotional kiss.

Both of them where together for about an hour, holding each other as they kiss for along time, when Monica finally convey with a letdown, "It is dark outside, and you know I have to leave soon. You know that too?"

"I know. I wish you could stay if you want to?" as Celeste looked at Monica with her heavyhearted face."

"No, I cannot stay. I have to go home and get ready for work tomorrow, and I know you have to get up really early to. Come here I want to hold just a little longer before I go."

They each held onto each other, kissing at times, but then they both got up, with Monica put her clothes on, as Celeste put on her soft red robe, as Monica smiled at Celeste. Monica look at Celeste smiling as she said, "I want you to come to my house next weekend on Friday? I will cook dinner for us. How about it Celeste? Oh, by the way can you bring a dress with you, that you really like?"

Celeste looked at Monica with gleaming smile saying, "I will be there. I can bring a dress that I really like. Why?" 

"I want to take you to a nice place to have dinner on Saturday.

"Just walk in the front door, and look for me when you come over. I will call you sometime this week." as Monica warmly smiled at Celeste.

Holding onto each other, kissing as they parted, as Celeste let go of Monica and shut door. Hitting her head on the front door several times, with despair, and her eyes teared up as Celeste thought, I need to go to my hot-tub so I don't fall down and really cry my heart out. 

Her robe fell to floor on the wooden deck outside as she got into hot-tub naked. With no control in her as a rush of tears that overtook her emotions of Monica. She cried for a long time, letting her tears fall down from her face, letting her thought took over, I am loosing her, my love for Monica is ripping me apart inside after she just left me. Oh I can feel it, deeply in me, making my heart bleed for Monica. Please I need you Monica. Please let this be real with me to me. I have not had this kind of strange love that I experience with another woman, and need her love me so much. Her thought kept going on, on inside as she kept crying, emotions kept building up in her as she cried deeply, and felt the suffering of loosing Monica. 

Monica had a hard time getting home with dry eyes; it was difficult not cry, but once inside her house, closing her eyes as they flowed down her face with tears. Monica felt the moments of love they had shared all weekend, but they are apart because of their lives. Monica let all her close fall off her body in the kitchen, went to her bathroom/hot-tub, and she dropped into her hot-tub. Her emotional release took control of feeling, she cried deeply for a long time, letting her tears runs down her face. Not drying the tear off her face as she thought of the whole weekend, and their enchanting their love for each each other as the continued, Oh baby I need you now. I need your love and body next to me, and holding me in your muscled bodybuilder woman. I miss you a lot. I want to call her right now, and I know I cannot. It would terrible for both off us to talk on the phone. Crying and wiping the tears off her face as she continued thinking, Oh my heart hurts right now to deeply. Right know; deep in my heart, I can feel Celeste pain too. Monica turned around in her hot-tub as took a sip of wine, resting her face in her arms, as she could not stop her tears from flowing down her face. She felt her tears running, and for the longest time did not want to stop her tears of trouble love to stop.

Detachment and separation is something that each of them must endure. Each of them knew their love has gone deeper in each of them, and it now carried the feeling of deep love and detachment. Over next couple of days, they will experience of feeling separation and detachment of being in love, wanting the attachment of being together, and not feeling at all. Finally know what enduring love of spending this weekend together can make them go crazy with love. Their separation will make them scream out as they cried in a lonely feeling of not being together. They each will try and call one another, but they cannot because of a desperate hunger for love. This kind of love; between two women, knowing this is a new experience to each of them, and it is a new kind of love to present it affectation of high and low. It is something Monica and Celeste needed from each of them, and was created with their personal deep of longing in fulfillment of no being loved from childhood. Eventuality it would prove in their love, to be together more often will great a fulfillment finally of their love that has been denied. 

Getting up in the morning for Monica and Celeste greeted deep longing even more. Monica went to gym, to work, and came home alone as she ate in despair. Celeste got up at 4 am, went to the gym twice that day, going to work, and home alone to eat in desperation too. Their pain of being in love, not sharing it, still raging inside each of them. The pain did leave them, and it came back with madness for not being in each other arms. They each cried out in loneliness and depression. Monica drove by Celeste work place, notice her, but did not go near her. Celeste did the same thing by going to Monica gym, watched her from a distant, but Celeste did not go near Monica. 

They both knew inside that they need each other in desperation. Monica need the deep, personal love, as Celeste shared their love she knew. Celeste needed the disciplining/bondage pleasure, along with being dominate by Monica. They each had a that kind of love that got displaced from their childhood, and each knew inside, not revealing to each other, they could compliment their personality perfectly. One might think, this is a dangerous love, but it is not. It is inclined to meet with enjoyment, pleasure, love, fulfillment, and meet what has been deprived in their lives.

Celeste looked at watch and saw it 7 pm and thought, I need a massage right now and I know who can do it on Wednesday. I worked out so hard over the last three day that my bodybuilding muscles are in need of release.

Celeste picked up her phone and called Monica. She could hear the phone ringing several time, it was answered, "Hello!"

"Oh Monica, I was just thinking of you. How are you?" as Celeste replied and adding, "I have been working out for the last three days, and I am in a lot of muscled pain. Can I get a massage tonight? I know it is on short notice."

"I was thinking of you too, just before you called. I can massaged you tonight. You know it wont be for sex." as Monica replied, adding, "Come over. You know where I live. I get things ready for you. Are you close by?" 

"I can be there in 15 minutes. I will see you then." as Celeste answered. 

When they finished talking on the phone Monica thoughts, it is 

fantastic, but I know it is only a massage. Monica mind drifted off as she got the material ready for the massage. She had done massages in home on clients, but this one is more personal. Monica heard the front door knock several times, and answered it, smiling as she opened the door, seeing Celeste as their arm embraced each other after kissing several times. Once inside Monica said, "Oh Celeste, I am glad you are here. I will show you around my house and lead you to the massage room."

Celeste expressed it, grinning with enchantment, "I love to see your house, and your special room."

"OK, come on right this way." as Monica smiled at her adding, "This is my massage room, go in and see." 

"This room is really relaxing, peaceful, and with soft music too."

"That was my first room in my house." Going to the second room she added, "This room is my office and my TV room where I read. Normally it is bedroom, but as you know I do not have people stay over. Leaving that room Monica added, "The third room is my bedroom, and you can see it decorated both picture, small erotic statues everywhere, with a large bay-window that show my backyard." as Monica responded. 

"I'm impressed with how you decorate it. This room must be really nice place to sleep in. What about the other room?" Celeste commenting as she question Monica.

Monica notice that Celeste did not want see or care how her bedroom was done, saying to Celeste, "I will show you the special room that your so interested in.

"You have turned to your right, and there is my bathroom/hot-tub. I painted it with a light green shade which makes you peaceful to sit in the bathroom tub or hot-tub. It is really nice in here. I spent a long time in my tub when I left on Sunday." as Monica look down.

"I went out to my tub to after you left too. Two of us doing the same thing." Celeste said, adding, "You said that room is off you bathroom, but I don't see it?"

"Oh your right in front of it. You cannot see it can you?" smiling at Celeste adding, "Here I will show you, stand over there to your right." and Monica saw her stand aside, and eased forward saying, "It is behind this wall, and all I have to do is release this lever behind these lotions.

"This room was built so no one would notice that if they used my bathroom." as Monica released the switch, with the door sliding sideways in to the wall, and then led them both into the inner room, adding, "I think you will like it. Here go in Celeste." as Monica step to side to let Celeste in. Once inside the room, Monica shut door behind them.

Celeste went in and her eyes went wide with delight at all the pleasure things she saw there. Some items were hung on the walls, as Monica opened all draws to show her other items for pain/pleasure. Monica padded walls could be turned around to reveal mirrors in each one. At first Celeste was amazed as heart beat up, finally saying in delight, "Oh wow! I never thought of all of this pain/pleasure or dominance/bondage thing, could turn me on. The pleasure that we both experienced. We would have a lot of fun too. It amazed me at what you did."

Monica ran her hand over Celeste left shoulder saying, "I thought you would like this. I went to a lot of trouble to get all these devices or items of pleasure. If you look at the ceiling there are some hooks up there to tie you up standing so I can spank you, and I can tie your feet up with the recessed hooks in the floor." Turning around she added, "When I closed the front door you notice on the backside of this entry door is whips, floggers, and leather strap, when I spanked or teasing your body all over. As you look around these walls you will see there are mirrors when I turn padding around, you will notice to all these walls are padded so no one could hear you scream in pain, even if another person if they where in my bedroom. I tested it several times by having maintenance guy; who built this room, spank this padding as well as scream out really loudly several times, and I did not hear a thing in my bedroom. I can see it in you eyes that you like it."

"Monica this is beautiful in here." as Celeste replayed with delightful devilish grin as she purred, "I can see how quite it is for hours on end. I can only be surprised at the discipline/bondage thing that would tease my body all over. I would like you to do it to me, and I want to do the same thing to you sometime. You know I like pleasure/discipline thing, like right now." and leaning over as Celeste passionately kissed Monica deeply.

They parted, when Monica replied, "I am really surprised with delight at what you saw, and you like this room too. As you mention, I would like it if you tie me up, and took pleasure with me the same way too. I like both ways. Now let go to massage room. You can dream about till I see FIT to bring you back into this special room. So let go baby."

Celeste smiled at Monica, "That would be fine to wait, but as I said earlier I need a massage. Show me the way."

Both of them left there special room, and headed toward the massage room as Monica said, "I need you to get undress and go under the white sheet. Then I will be back in a few minutes. Put your cloth's on this padded area next to stand. OK." as Monica stroked Celeste facial cheeks as she smiled at her, and left the room.

Monica stepped back into the massage room, getting her hands oiled up saying, "Well you now I can see you looked relaxed." adding, "I am going to massaged your legs from right side and then go to left side, and in massaging between each leg, and do your feet too."

Celeste said, "Please do it. I have not had my feet massage in a long time. I massed them, but it is not the same thing. Oh if I fall asleep do not wake me up till you have turn me over."

"OK, now I need you just relax, and I will do the rest. Just in case when I'm done with feet and legs, I will do you back. When I do your legs I will remove the sheets going way up by your waist. I am going to massage your butt cheeks. I will go way into you butt ass cheeks till it hurt you, and release your muscles deep down inside butt cheeks. Will that be OK with you?"

"I will do whatever you want to do but I need is to relax. Do you ever massage athlete, being men or women?"

As Monica pulled sheet down her leg said, "Well Celeste I do work on male an female athlete, but I have massage them differently." 

"How do you work on them differently? Do you work on men harder, and do the women lighter." as Celeste started to feel Monica hands starting to press way deep into her legs and butt cheeks.

"No not that. What I mean is this, if an athlete just got done, then I will massage him or her really deep. However when they are just going into sessions, I lightly massage them so their muscles are warm up with blood, and do a better job at whatever they do as an athlete." as Monica mention, adding, "Now I am going to raise your leg over the other legs like, and then I will work really hard on your butt cheeks. If it is painful, just let me know."

Celeste turned around on the massage table smiling, "If it is painful, I will let you if is painfully. Go ahead and do me."

Celeste was having her right leg massaged as Monica started go up and down her hip and butt cheeks, and pressing way deep into butt cheeks with each movement, exposing her butt cheek. 

Celeste loudly expressed, "Oh god that hurts. Are you going deep into my butt cheeks? I want you to do it really deep, for a long time."

Monica kept massaging harder as she responded, "Yes Celeste I am massaging your hips and butt cheeks really deep now. I now it feels really painful, but I can feel your lump in your butt cheeks, and I am going to make them smooth again. You will see the difference when I am done. Just be patient, my love."

"OK, keep doing it, but feels like I am in a lot of pain." as Celeste responded.

When Monica finished on her right legs, she went to left leg, and did exactly the same thing. For about twenty minutes till she was done, folded the sheet over her left leg, and went up to Celeste back. "How was that Celeste?" as Monica mentioned.

"So far it feels great, but I felt a lot of pain. I knew both my hips hurt, but it does feel good. Can you do that to me every time?" as Celeste turned to respond to.

"I will do it for you, and I will go in a little deeper each time. When I am done you will walk better. Now I am going to take sheet off your back, and butt cheeks. I like to do whole area when I massage your whole back." as Monica conveyed to Celeste. 

"Please do my back. I want to sleep some more." as Celeste replied to Monica.

Monica looked down as she massage the whole back. She went from the right side to the left side because she just finished Celeste upper neck line. She kept working her back lower till her hand pressed on her Celeste butt cheeks. Her hands gradually grazed and caressed both Celeste butt cheeks, looking up to see if she waken up, and pressed her finger in between her butt crevice cheeks. Monica reach out for more oil to massaging across butt cheeks, and letting the oil slip deeper between crevice cheeks and onto her rosebud orifice. 

Monica looked over at sleeping Celeste, she slid index finger deeper between her butt cheeks, and could feel Celeste rosebud tight up. As Celeste relaxed she slowly slide her finger around Celeste rosebud opening, and slowly let it enter, advancing into her rosebud. Celeste slowly moved her body, but did not turn around as she let right hand massage her butt cheeks and the other massage rosebud opening, and going deeper each time. I know she does not know what I am doing. I know it makes me feel really hot just fucking Celeste rosebud, as Monica thought, as she kept sliding her fingers back and forth.

She smiled at Celeste after massaged her back, anal passage, and whispering in hushed tones in Celeste ear, "It is time to turn over."

Celeste slowly woke up, looking at Monica saying, "Can you help me so I can turn over. I fell a sleep. I had some erotic dream as slept."

Monica help Celeste turn over saying, "I'm sure you did have those dream. This is what I going to do, massage chest, breasts, and sides down to your pussy. You are going to be exposed, If you don't mind."

"Please keep massage me. I don't care what you do. I feel so wet already in my pussy. I guessed it made me relax so much that I got a little musky scent in my pussy. Now go ahead."

"I will Celeste." as Monica looked down onto drowsy sleeping Celeste. Monica kept working Celeste shoulders, her arms down to her hands, and back up to massage around her large firm pliable breasts. Monica thought as she massaged Celeste breasts, It would be really nice right now to kiss each one as well as nibble them really hard on her erect turgid nipples tips. You know that you cannot have sex with Celeste right now, let it go. Maybe someday we will have massage sex, as she kept thinking. 

Monica kept doing her upper body, as she squeezed each breast, going further down to her pussy area. Massage her outer, shave pussy area so it exposed Celeste large clit. She massage the whole area several more time as she massage Celeste large clit.  

"Oh Monica keep doing that massage. I don't want sex. I just want my pussy to feel really good inside and outside too. Do you like massaging my pussy inside?" saying as Celeste eyes remand shut.

"I will if that is what you want? Yes I like playing with your pussy." as Monica purred out.

"You know me, just do it. I like it when you play with me. Please let both of us enjoy it." as Celeste looked up at Monica as she grinned. 

Monica warmly smiled at Celeste as she let more of fingers enter wet passing opening as it massage her inner anal walls with two fingers. Monica thumb rotated and pushed down on Celeste large clit as she felt Celeste movement back and forth. Sliding in deeper, between her butt cheeks, letting fingers ride against her wet rosebud from doing it earlier with her left hand. Monica could hear Celeste utter out in a muffling warm sound as Monica warmly smiled at her saying in low hushed tone, "I need to stop doing the massage, and I know you are relaxed enough."
