 We had an affair.

It was dangerous because this was the first time I could clearly see and imagine someone so vividly. And it was all you. In my head. Yes, I imagined other people in my life, only never so clearly. Having affair with you in my head was easy, images were almost created by itselves.

But how did you get here?

I think it was that moment when you graciously moved your hips in a certain way, and that picture burned itself in my brain and I was completely unaware, unready. But like a seeded tree, it started to grow branches. Of lust. Suddenly, out of nowhere, I started to consciously desire those hips between my legs, I wanted those sculpted thighs to force themselves on me. And your mouth, I wanted to surrender to your mouth, to your tongue, to your teeth, I wanted to be burned by your breath.

So you became my escape. In the world where no one else exists, where there is no guilt, no shame, no other people, no questions. I don't know where it is, but it's safe and secluded. Sometimes it's a floating bed, sometimes cold wall you are pressing me against, and sometimes we are in a dirty motel on outskirts of town where no one knows us. Sometimes we have all the time in the world, sometimes we are rushing and ripping each other's clothes off and the heat is always almost unbearable.

I don't remember how I let myself to be infatuated by you, how I allowed myself to be so weak and wide open to let you in. How I even memorized contours of your waist, shape of your lower lip, veins on your arms, small imperfections on your skin, a scar on your forearm that I wanted to touch, thick hair that I wanted to run my fingers through. I guess, rational explanation would be that I lacked something out of that unreal realm and you were there to fill that void. It happened before, but never so vividly.

I sensed and smelled something for me in you, it penetrated my mind and intoxicating fantasies were conceived.

First picture painted itself and I was shocked, even ashamed when it surfaced in my mind because, unlike other fantasies, I've put a zero effort into it. It just appeared.

I'm on top.

You are inside me, fucking me with your strap-on (do you even have one?), in and out, in and out, all the way in and all the way out, pounding me slowly and you are so damn sensual and you are taking me to a ride straight to the heart of Ecstasy and it lasts forever. I'm melting all over you, too weak to resist, to speak, to move, to think, to be my usual self.

But why would I?

I'm drowning in waves of lust, feeling your hips moving firmly and rhythmically, you sexy beast, you just know how to push my buttons and make me want more. Every time our crotches touch I hear your silent groans and they become louder when I start to drip. Yes, you make me so wet that I drip and small drops glide down your cock, straight to your cunt, my juices are flowing into you mixing with yours, and this dance becomes unbearably exciting, it's like my head is going to explode and my heart could jump out of my chest.

In and out, in and out, all the way in and all the way out, slowly, your eyes become misty, your breathing gives you away, you can't hold out much longer, but you'll do it for me because you want to see what you did to me, you want to bring me to the final destination.

Faster, deeper, harder, you beautiful animal, don't stop, squeeze my hips and ass with your muscular hands, faster, fuck me, I'm letting you all the way, I surrender to your promise of most intense climax I ever had.

And it's over.

I fall on you helplessly, covering your body with mine, feeling your blood boiling just underneath the thin surface of your smooth skin, you can't hold it anymore. I slip off your cock, slowly and thankfully.

Now it's my turn.

I kneel between your legs, undoing that strap-on so nothing stands in the way between me and your wetness, you're looking straight into my eyes with anticipation.

I attach the strap-on to myself but first... I lay between your legs and now you know that I am going to finally taste you. My tongue just barely touching your clit, your entire cunt pulsates and I'm ecstatic again, feeling equally aroused like when you were giving it to me.

Your breath becomes shorter, your hips are lifting, your lips are now screaming.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," I whisper.

And you do, pressing my head between your legs, you gorgeous lustful object of my most carnal desires. You cum beautifully.

Deep kiss on your lips, how can they be so soft? I could kiss you for hours and I could cum doing just it.

I kneel between your legs again, pulling your hips closer, I slip inside and I can literally feel it. Your hands around me, breathing, burning, faster, no, slow down because I don't want it to end, I can smell your excitement, I feel your every tense muscle, you are like a wild horse beneath me, In and out, in and out, all the way in and all the way out, you embrace me, you are letting me see you entirely, you are naked in every possible sense of the word, we are both naked. I'm fucking your essence, I penetrate your mind, your soul, I fill you, and you fill me.

You explode under me, trembling, shaking, moaning, you lost control, together we ascend to the new heights, we don't exist, we exist only like this, faster, harder, fucking you, looking straight in your eyes and it's over. You are now calm, we kiss forever, we climax just by touching each other, again and again.

I don't want to know you, I don't want you to know me. I just want to hide deep in that place of Nothing but Us where journey to the heart of ecstasy never ends.