 Judy was excited that her overbearing mother was letting her stay the weekend with her sister. She just turned eighteen and was never allowed to date. Their mother was very religious. She homeschooled them and gave out strict rules. She viewed sex as the ultimate way to corrupt young girls to stray from God and that masturbation was evil. Judy believed her mother and never did those things even when she wanted to.

She tried praying her sexual needs away but still ended up being wet. She found that dancing helped her burn some of those energies away and kept her mind distracted. Her mother would only allow it if she didn't dance with any boys. Ballet was perfect for her in so many ways and loved doing it. She met other girls her own age and made some good friends. Ballet was the only thing that helped to keep her mind straight but the only bad thing was listening to all of her friends talking about boys.

Judy never really had any interests in boys and would rather spend time with girls. It wasn't only because her mother preached about the serpent in the garden of Eden being a penis and the Devil would seduce her from God with sex. Her mother had many strange views like that and interpreted many things in the Bible into being about sex. Their mother only became this way after their father ran away with a cocktail waitress when Judy was just five.

She felt just right around other girls and admired their beauty. Miss Kirkwood was her ballet teacher and Judy believed the woman was the most beautiful person ever. She loved watching her dance and wanted to be just like her. Judy even watched her when she wasn't dancing and had her attention whenever she was in the room.

Judy's body started filling out nicely over the years and she became a beautiful woman. She was made to dress more conservatively than the other girls her age. She wore her red hair long and sometimes in a ponytail but wished that her mother would let her have more option than that. When she asked to cut it short her mother blew up at her and said something about only lesbians do that. She didn't know what a lesbian was and was too afraid to ask.

Judy's breasts had gotten her in trouble with her mother and she made her keep them covered at all time. She was made to quit ballet because of how well her body was forming. Her mother hated how big her breasts were getting and made her wear clothes that were too big for her to hide her body. The clothes that she wore made her look a little fat and hid her well-formed body from view.

It got very lonely when her sister moved out to the city for college. When she was made to quit ballet, her mother kept her busy at home that she never had time to see her friends from ballet classes. Judy sometimes saw them on the rare occasion when she was in town but they seemed to have forgotten about her. A few years had passed since then and now it was her time to go to college but first, she would be spending a little time with her big sister.

Judy felt weird at first without her controlling mother telling her just what or what not to do. Her sister Tina was nothing like their mother and gave her the freedom to decide for herself on things. Tina, at twenty-six, still dressed in the same style that both of them were raised to wear but she made it clear that it wasn't mandatory. She still wore something conservative and picked something that fit her body for once.

Judy got her looks from her mother while Tina got hers on their father side but both were beautiful women. Tina's hair was black and she wore glasses that made her resembled a sexy librarian. Judy was a clueless redhead that didn't know how hot that she was and never noticed how men reacted to her. Even in the baggy clothes that she wore, some men still found her to be very attractive.

They were planning that night to play a card game while eating pizza and watch a movie later but those plans were ruined by one phone call. They needed her back at work to fix some problems that only she could fix and Tina was upset over it but promised to make it up to Judy later. Judy, for the first time, was alone with the power to do just what she wanted and it went to her head.

Judy didn't let it go too far to her head like some other kids would and things that she did do was big to her but were tamed by the average kids her age. She turned on the radio to an 80's station and danced around the room as she looked for something to eat. Rock wasn't something that she was allowed to listen to at home and dancing crazily around the room wasn't either but ballet was fine, as long as she kept it in her room. 

Since she was alone decided to do something that was forbidden to do at her house and danced around doing ballet-like moves around the kitchen. Judy opened the fridge with a dancer grace and extended her left leg to a point as she reached for some sandwich meat before doing Piqué turns to the table. She performed every little routine in making a sandwich with dance moves and did so artistically.

Rock music wasn't something a ballet dancer would usually dance to but Judy did so because it reminded her of Miss Kirkwood and wanted to dance to something fun. Once a month in her dance class they would switch it up with 80's music while they danced in class to make learning little bit more fun. Judy never forgot about her ballet teacher and it broke her heart when she learned that she had to quit her class.

She was feeling a little disappointed about not spending time with her big sister but being alone and finally feeling free felt good. If she was caught doing this back home would have gotten into trouble but she was alone and it was fun breaking one of her mother rules. The realization that every decision was now up to her scared her and she didn't think that she could break any more of her rules.

Dancing around the room was a minor rule to break and was kinda a guilty pleasure of hers. The rules like drinking or sex were the ones that she had no interested in breaking. Judy never found a guy that she ever found to be attracted enough to want to have sex with. She tried imagining herself having sex but couldn't picture how it could be done. She didn't know how a guy looked naked and wasn't interested enough to find out.

Judy sat on the couch eating her sandwich and flipping through the channels to find something to watch. One channel caught her attention and it was one that she wasn't allowed to watch. Cinemax had contents that her mother hated and said was full of sin. The movie had women wearing bikinis that left not much to the imagination and had Judy glued to the screen. She ate her sandwich without looking at it and watched the movie with guilty delight.

When a sex scene came on and Judy knew that she should turn it off but couldn't. She was captivated by it and watched as the girl removed her shirt. They were the first breasts that she had ever seen, not counting her own and didn't understand the strange feeling that was coming over her. There was a knock on the door and she quickly turned off the tv for fear that she was about to be caught doing something bad.

Judy first thought was that it was her mother and felt herself start to panic but when she realized it wasn't she calmed down. Opening the door she saw a beautiful woman with short blonde hair wearing a low cut blouse and black pants. She couldn't help but stared at her breasts envying the woman freedom to wear something like that. She didn't think that she has the confidence to show that much of her flesh from the shaming that she had gotten from her mother.

"Hi! I am Mary and you must be Tina's sister. I have heard so much about you Judy but she never told me that you were this beautiful."

Judy blushed at the compliment and looked away in embarrassment. This was the first time someone had ever given her such a compliment but that was because her mother kept her away from people. Her mother never told her that she was beautiful and often made her feel shameful of her body. She avoided paying any attention to her body that she couldn't picture herself in her mind.

"Where is Tina? I need to speak with her right away about an important matter."

Judy let her in before telling her that Tina was called into work half an hour ago. She was taught never to let a stranger into your home but Mary was a friend of her sister. She took an instant liking to Mary and felt that the girl could be trusted. Judy was too unaware of the evil that some men can do that she was too trusting of people and could be easily tricked.

"Damn it! There isn't enough time to fix it now and we need another model for a photo shoot for our big-time photographer client in an hour or it going to be our job. I tried calling before but she wasn't picking up and it will take too long to drive out there," Mary said in a worried tone.

"Oh, no! I wished that I could do something to help," Judy replied with a heartfelt sincerely.

Judy would've done anything for her sister but she feared her mother and avoided upsetting her. She often was made to feel shameful over things that she did wrong and in her mother eyes that was everything. She was made to feel dirty when she started her period and was told that she was now opened to womanly sins. She tried to be good and please her mother whenever she could but it was never good enough.

"You can, my dear, and with your help, we can avoid this crisis. You can be our model as you do have the look that she was looking for," Mary said as her eyes lit up with excitement over her idea.

"I don't know a thing about modeling and I feared that I would do something wrong," Judy said with fright.

"It is easy and you just need to do everything that our client instructed you to do. We can't lose her as a client and modeling for her could save our jobs. I am sure Tina would be eternally grateful as I know I would be for any help with this matter."

Feeling uneasy about it but didn't want to let her sister down agreed with a heavy heart. Judy had a lot of questions about it and asked them all without a pause between them. She was scared and nervous over what she was supposed to do. She felt like that she was about to do something very bad and knew her mother would scold her for doing it.

"Before we go you will need to change your clothes into something sexier or you won't pass for a model. Our client is throwing a party and the shoot is taking part there. I can see the fear in your eyes and that you are reluctant in doing this but I promise you that you will have the night of your life."

Judy wanted to push the boundaries that her mother had placed upon her but the whole thing terrified her and she didn't know how to go about doing it. She decided to let Mary show her how and trusted her fully. She didn't want to live in fear or alone anymore from the conditions that her mother had placed on her. She wanted to experience things that were always forbidden to her but because of her being isolated for so long made her clueless to the danger of this world.

"Ok but I don't have anything to wear that is sexy," Judy said with fear and uncertainty in how to be any help to Mary.

Judy didn't have a clue what makes something sexy but knew the clothes that she was made to wear was far from it. On the rare occasion when she went into town, she saw how some women were dressed but they wore nothing like Mary did now. They looked nice but none wore a shirt that revealed so much of their breasts and part of her wished that they did.

"Tina will have something you could wear in her room that should be perfect enough for tonight. I can see that this shocks you but I broke your sister out of her puritan ways years ago and she only dresses that way now for your mother sake."

Mary guided Judy by the hand to her sister's bedroom and watched as Mary place an outfit out on the bed for her to wear. It was a white blouse with some stocking and mini skirt that was too short for her liking. It looked like a Catholic school girl uniform but way more revealing than anything Judy had ever seen before.

"Undress, my dear, and don't worry about any undergarments because they will not be needed. This is an all woman party and there will be no men to worry about. It will help you be a better model and loosen you up a bit."

******* 

Mary was a little surprised seeing the girl starting to undress without protest and could tell that she would be an easy seduction. She was being far easier to seduce than the girl's sister had been. She had to get Tina drunk first before she was open up enough to be touched but once she did, a wild lesbian emerged out of her. She knew what Tina was before she did and the same was for her little sister.

Their mother brainwashed them into being a clone of herself but she was planning to undo all of her damage. She would seduce Judy herself but she was dating the girl's sister. Mary may have been a very sexual person with a long list of lovers but she was faithful when dating someone. The only reason that she was doing this was that her lover had asked her to do it.

She was surprised to hear that Tina wanted her to seduce her sister and had everything planned out. The story that she told Judy was a lie and their client was just a friend of theirs that was throwing a lesbian party. Everyone knew what was going on besides Judy and she almost felt sorry for the girl.

It didn't take long for Judy to get down to her bra and panties. Mary thought that they were ugly and should not be worn by anyone. She cursed the girl's mother under her breath for making her wear something that didn't fashionably fit with the girl's beauty. She was glad when they finally fell to the floor out of her sight and revealed the girl's body.

She started asking little questions just to keep the girl from dressing, to keep seeing that lovely body of hers. She had seen many nude bodies in her life but none made her mouth waterlike Judy's did. Mary wanted nothing more than to place her face between those legs and eat her pussy. Looking was ok and sometimes she wished that she wasn't so faithful.

After Judy got dressed Mary thought the girl looked stunning and the girl's innocent face made her looked more seductive. The skirt barely covered the girl's ass and top few buttons on the shirt were unbutton revealing a nice cleavage. The white stockings went up to the girl's knees and she looked like the sluttiest schoolgirl ever.

******* 

The drive over felt like it took forever to Judy with her mind on how weird it felt having no

panties on and the effect it had on her. Mary had a convertible car and drove with the top down. The wind felt good on Judy's body and she didn't know how to handle it. The wind that danced around her legs felt like ghostly hands caressing her thighs and pushed them open.

The more her legs opened, the more pleasure she felt and she let out a small moan. She didn't realize by spreading her legs that her pussy could be seen or was noticed by Mary when she tilted the rearview mirror to get a better view of it. The sensation she felt was new to her and she didn't understand what it meant but she just knew that she liked it.

******* 

The ride should have taken a few minutes but Mary noticed how Judy was acting and drove around a little longer. The wind was sexually arousing her and Mary figured avoiding sex all these years had made her sensitive. She thought it could help to get her in the right mood for the seduction if she let the drive go on a little longer.

******* 

"Before we go inside there are a few things you should know," Mary instructed when they

finally arrived. "The client is French and can seem weird at first but just go with whatever she does. She likes things her way and if you care about your sister job's, you must humor her for tonight. Remember there are more important things than your pride at stake here. Do a good job and there is a paycheck waiting for you. If you need another reason to do this, just know that the models that work for her get around $5000 per shoot and that will be your reward for helping us tonight."

The house was breathtaking to Judy and she never saw anything so beautiful in her life. She could see that Mary was right about there being no men here. Just women talking to each other and walking around. Judy felt better wearing this outfit around just women that she let her guard down and was too naive to know where she was at.

Mary led her to a beautiful woman in her mid-thirties with long jet black hair wearing a red cocktail dress. Judy didn't know the woman had a bad reputation for stealing young girls' virtue or that she would soon fall prey to her. She had very little knowledge of the carnal arts and only knew it was something a woman did with a man but it never dawned on her it was something you could share with the same sex.

"Miss Chevotet, this is the model that will be working for you tonight," Mary announced.

Judy watched the woman look her up and down but never noticed the lust that was in her eyes. She mistook the woman's smile as being friendly but it was more from Chevotet realizing that she made a wise choice in agreeing to seduce this girl. Judy was blind to how hot that she was and couldn't see that she was being set up for a seduction.

"She is perfect and her beauty is breathtaking! Come, ma cherie, and you are welcome in my home."

Judy was so taken by the woman's accent that she didn't react fast enough when she embraced her. She kissed Judy's cheeks and she grabbed her ass before making contact with her lips. The shock of it made Judy open her mouth in a gasp and this gave Chevotet the opportunity to stick her tongue in it. The kiss lasted only a few seconds but it felt a lot longer to Judy.

She was taken back by it and didn't know how to react to it but what she did know that she liked it. The feeling of Chevotet's tongue dancing around her mouth made her feel a little funny. She didn't know much about the French or if this was one of their customs but decided not to say anything. Judy felt her submissive side kicking in and let it go.

******* 

Mary was glad to see that Judy wasn't putting much of a fight and envied Chevotet for being the one that would have her. They walked up some stairs to start the photo shoot but she knew this wasn't where the seduction would take place. Chevotet was using her photographic skills to test the girl out and see how she would react to her commands.

She watched as Judy got in positions where she was unknowingly exposing herself as Chevotet took her picture. Mary saw a light come into Judy's eyes and that she was enjoying being a model. The girl was so caught up in trying to do whatever she was told she forgot how short her skirt was. The first few were fine but when she was told to get on the bed was where every shot had her pussy in it.

The girl was too naive and trusting when Chevotet told her each shot would be clean. While on the bed, the girl's legs were always spread or in the position that her bush could be clearly seen. The girl was told to lay on her side and raise her leg up just enough that a gap opened up exposing her pussy. Mary didn't just see the girl's red bush but also her juicy pussy lips.

******* 

Judy found being a model was fun but never realized how many times she revealed her most precious treasure to the room. If she did, she wouldn't have felt so great or let herself be talked into joining Chevotet in the Jacuzzi. She was given one of Chevotet's bikinis to wear and felt self-conscious in it. It made her feel like she was walking around in her underwear.

This was the first time that she ever wore one but could admit to herself that it was a little exciting. The bikini looked better than her undergarments did but it was also smaller too. It was black and she did have a hard time with the bottom of the bikini. It was a string side bikini bottom and she wasn't used to tying her bottoms on. Her own panties were an ugly tan color that she slid on and she quickly found out that she preferred the bikini that she wished that her undergarments were like them.
