 Sandra hated this. She really hated it. It wasn't that she disliked sharing her bed with her best friend...no...it was that she liked it too much. The black haired woman tried relaxing her body, reminding herself that Kimberly was straight, and had just come out of a bad relationship...which was why she was staying at Sandra's for the time being...sleeping in her bed with her.

Ever since they'd been teenagers Sandra had felt this attraction for her best friend, yet knowing that Kimberly was as straight as a stick she'd kept her hands to herself and her girlfriends a secret. Many of them had been angry at her and jealous of Kimberly...Kimberly...she had unknowingly been the reason why Sandra's relationships never seemed to last long.

And now here they were, lying in the same bed, both in skimpy little night dresses. Kimberly sleeping...and Sandra, you might ask? Well, Sandra was fighting a battle with herself to not molest the younger woman in her sleep.

Kimberly's low groaning caught Sandra's attention and she wondered what was happening in the other woman's dreams. She leaned in closer, trying to hear what Kimberly was whispering in her sleep, but it was too low for her to hear—and anyway—being that close to Kimberly's face had caused her to forget why she'd leaned in to begin with.

Suddenly Kimberly's foggy eyes blinked open and she blinked some more, trying to clear her vision. "Sandra?"

Being this close to Kimberly caused Sandra to lose control. Before Kimberly could even speak, Sandra was straddling her and had descended her mouth down to devour the woman's soft lips.

The feeling of Kimberly's shy lips moving willingly on hers caused a thrill to rush through Sandra's body. This was too much...too good to be true. She slipped her tongue into Kimberly's mouth and swallowed the moan that elicited from her friend. And Sandra's hands hadn't been useless all this time, no, they had been unbuttoning the girl's shirt, watching in fascination as her pink bra came into view. Unhooking it from the front, Sandra pulled her mouth away from Kimberly's watching her glorious breasts, before descending her mouth on one of the breasts.

Kimberly cried out with the new and exquisitely torturous sensations that ran down her body like lightning, and pooled in her nether regions, fueling moans and groans from her as she threw her head back and tightly closed her eyes. "S—S—San--." But she didn't have the strength in her voice as her body began growing in heat, and her passion rose. Kimberly's hands buried themselves in her friend's hair, arching her back to give Sandra better access. 

Sandra playfully bit down around Kimberly's nipple, but didn't do so hard enough to break the untainted skin. A smirk covered her face when she heard Kimberly cry out her name. Flicking her tongue over the rock hard pink bud, she used her free hand to begin pushing away at the sheets that covered Kimberly. "You don't know how much I want you." She whispered huskily as she began to slowly lick around the tortured breasts.

"You do?" Was Kimberly's breathy question.

"Yes, Kimberly, I do." Her licks began to descend in direction, and she smiled evilly as Kimberly's stomach muscles rippled at the touch of her wet tongue, which was drawing small circles...slowly going lower, and lower, until she'd reached Kimberly's navel.

"S—Sandra--."

"Shh, my love." Sucking on the navel, Sandra began to thrust her tiny pink tongue inside of it three times, giving her lover a hint of what she soon planned on doing with that tongue.

Kimberly groaned when Sandra slowly parted her thighs and went to sit between them. She was about to say something, anything, when she felt fingers brushing softly against her clit, causing her to cry out. Never had she been so aroused, so sensitive and slick that a mere touch would cause her to wither. Before she could tell Sandra this, Kimberly lost her breath as those talented fingers began teasing her clit ruthlessly, causing her body to wither in animalistic pleasure. "Sandra!" She cried when she felt a finger enter her without warning. Her eyes rolled back momentarily as pleasure filled her body, and groaning as Sandra added another finger.

It was hard for Sandra to wait for Kimberly to adjust to having both fingers inside of her, while having her clit tortured, but the woman did her best to be patient. After all, this was her wish come true, and she didn't want Kimberly and her first time to be painful for the beautiful woman. Sandra wanted this experience to be something that Kimberly would remember for the rest of her life...for the rest of their lives...together.

Then, when the elder woman couldn't stand the waiting any longer, she began thrusting her fingers into Kimberly rapidly. Maybe she should go slow since this was Kimberly's first time, but her passion dominated her...and when Kimberly began bucking against the fingers, Sandra's smirk grew, knowing that the other woman wasn't complaining one bit. On the contrary, she was now withering with undeniable passion, crying out loud, and begging for Sandra to go harder. And Sandra wasn't one to let her lover go unsatisfied with her performance.

The pleasure was too much for her, she couldn't handle it anymore; it was going to explode. In seconds Kimberly arched her back and dug her nails into the sheets, screaming into the night as she came into Sandra's pumping hand.

Her body fell limp, and Kimberly yawned. She then looked down at Sandra, her cheeks turning pink all over again. "I've been menaing to tell you something for a long time now, Sandra." Her voice became a soft whisper. "I –I love you."

Snuggling against her lover, Sandra smiled happily. "I love you too."