 June was a typical mother she thought. She had given birth to two lovely kids and adored her husband and while she had numerous boyfriends when she was younger, she had remained faithful to him throughout their marriage.

Those ten years had been kind to June. Her smart looks and attractive figure were much the product of good genes as well as keeping her family healthy. Her blonde hair was cut short in a fashionable bob and matched her blue eyes, though most men would have noticed her perky C cup breasts. She wasn't too tall but her slim legs made her stunning in a dress and heels.

But looking after herself was only part of it, since she'd even been wise to keep her man fulfilled even when she might have not had wanted sex. In fact, on some occasions she liked when her husband would return from a long trip and fuck her hard. Something deep inside let herself go and connected more to the man she loved. He in return just supported her and for the most part their marriage was happy.

Various neighbors had moved in and out of the suburbs she lived in. The town, a nondescript white collar domain, grew with more college educated professionals working at the ever expanding science park nearby. So it was only natural that when Chris, her husband, was made redundant that he'd find work in a marketing department at one of the local electronic companies. The company treated them well even though Chris sent some time on the road. They even put on company parties in which the staff mingled with their spouses and enjoyed fine foods and drinks.

It didn't take long for June to make friends and soon she had struck up a close friendship with Pam, the CEO's wife. One several occasions they were invited to dinner parties and made very welcome.

So it was on one Sunday that she left her family to head to Pam's home. She had called but with no answer she just assumed to drop by since June had found Pam's shawl at their house after one dinner party. Normally she'd wait but she knew that Pam was due to fly and so she rushed to the house to return it.

Knocking on the front door was pointless she thought since the large mansion house was too big for anyone to hear. Even the bell didn't work. So she stepped around the back and decided to leave the shawl in a safe place.

What she saw though shocked her. As she rounded the corner quietly, she came across two people on the sun lounger. One person on top of the other. But she didn't recognize them nor what they were doing at first.

It was when the person on top stretched that she could see clearly from the edge of the bushes. Monique the busty blonde with long trailing hair was the home's nanny and naked a top Pam's sister who lay underneath enjoying a massage. Elena's stylish short brunette hair was very identifiable on tall naked sun tanned body. June couldn't believe it.

The two of them were kissing!

June panicked and stepped backwards away around to the front. She had seen enough of the two women and beat a retreat quickly back to her car and was gone in what June thought was seconds.

Later on the road she shivered in shock. Pam's sister was indeed the sexy one of the two but she had never suspected Elena or even Monique as lesbians. Thoughts rushed through her mind until she calmed down wondering what to do. Had they seen her? What would she say if she saw them next? It filled her thoughts until she fell asleep that night next to her man.

A month later, Chris' company won a big contract and the CEO John hosted a select dinner for his executives. A generous man he had rewarded his staff too but the dinner was seen as a congratulatory gesture to all his top team. The dinner was one of fine dining and June dressed accordingly with a beautiful black cocktail dress. Everything seemed fine until Chris and June arrived at the house.

The door opened and Elena greeted them both. June gasped to herself and hoped no one noticed and broke her temporary shock to kiss Elena on the cheek. Being so close, their perfumes mingled.

"Such a lovely scent" Elena smiled at June and held her hand for longer than she needed to. "Come, everyone is at the back." She led them along the hallway, still holding June's hand. It was then that Elena's clothing could be fully appreciated. Her long dark bejeweled cocktail dress sparkled in the candle light and the pearl necklace and earrings made this 30 year old a stunning vision. No wonder she had fun with the rich set in Cannes earlier that year, June thought -- but perhaps it was just with girls?


Walking into the conservatory brought June back into reality and within minutes had joined in a conversation with friends. Chatting about success and vacations was high on the list as they all drank wine served by the house maids. June felt the alcohol go to her head quickly and noticed that she had started to glance over at Elena. Questions about her still rattled her but drinking more seemed to help until she felt faint.

"Are you okay?" said a voice as June standing alone by a buffet of caviar and appetizers. Elena's voice was soft and seductive and made June swing around.

"Oh I'm sorry. I'm feeling light headed."

"And a little damp?" Elena giggled and pointed at a damp wine patch on June's dress. "Let me fix that for you."

Elena took her hand but June held firm. "No, No p-p-please. I'll be fine."

But Elena smiled at June for a long moment. Her eyes buried deep inside June and confused the 40 year old mother of two. "Come with me"

After excusing herself from Chris and the guests, June followed Elena upstairs. She looked at Elena's figure and felt her seductive walk ahead of her. What was she thinking? She was attracted to women? Apart from kissing her friend at high school, all her attraction had been for cute boys. Why was this happening? All she could do was rationalize and accept that she just appreciated a women's beauty. After all, she had played games with her husband to make him horny by pretending to like girls.

Upstairs was a grand affair and Elena closed the door behind them in the cloakroom holding all the coats. Their own clothes were mingled with the guests and it gave them a close feel inside. 

"I saw you stoop and then spill, so I had to help." From the small ceramic sink, she took a damp hand towel and dabbed the stain. With focused attention, Elena grabbed a bottle of club soda and dealt with the damp path between June's breasts.

"Can't be having a stain, can we?" Elena said as she brushed her soft hands over June's larger supple breasts. She could feel the nipples harden and smiled.

June had been intoxicated with her touch and a flashback to the garden massage filled her mind. But her harden nipples and a soft wet tingle from her pussy broke her from her dream.

"I-I-I am sorry. This is too much....I-" 

"That's okay. It's just us two. "

Elena stood tall over June and dominated the moment. They stayed silent for a moment until June couldn't hold her tongue.

"Listen, I'm sorry I saw you a month ago with Monique. You were together. Sunbathing."

"Ah so it was you?" Elena laughed and embraced June. "I thought it was the gardener. So did you see much of us?"

June stammered, "No No. But I was rude, I should have not looked."

"I'm glad you did. She massaged me in a most beautiful way and licked my pussy in such a delicious way."

June gasped and froze when Elena kissed her on the lips. For several seconds, the taller brunette pushed her firm body against June and enjoyed her tongue inside her mouth as well as feeling those nipples harden. She pulled away to see a confused June then turn a leave the cloakroom quickly. Elena was certain that June wanted to try more and knew it just took a little more time.

During the meal, June found herself the subject of several conversations and delighted in the warm atmosphere. But by the time dessert had arrived, she had begun to feel tipsy with wine. What no one realized was that her light headiness was due more to Elena's foot stroking her thigh than any wine she had drunk. She was growing more aroused and worried her hard nipples showed through. She was even worried that touching her breasts would make her moan. 

But she held it together and as the party wound down and some guests left, June's husband chatted with John the CEO but then went to find his wife who was sitting with Elena.

"June's got a migraine, Chris. She should sleep it off." Elena interrupted June.

June couldn't believe how she agreed with Elena. She was drunk but somehow was going along with Elena's fake story. Somehow she had to convince Elena to leave her alone without causing a big social mess with her company's CEO.

Chris was concerned and helped her to a quiet bedroom at the side of the house. He held her, kissed her and left a glass of water by her side. She'd been ill like this before and hoped it wouldn't get worse since they knew she couldn't be moved.

Chris returned an hour later with Elena and Pam to see June fast asleep in the bed.

"You should stay here tonight" suggested Pam. "We have some sleep clothes for you too."

Chris was torn since his wife was ill but he needed to catch a flight the next morning. When June croaked to her husband, it was clear she was going to stay at Pam's home but wanted Chris to stay They would be fine since her parents were looking after their kids. It was an easy decision and so a little time later Chris joined her in bed and fell asleep. What he hadn't realised was that his drink had been spiked with a liquid that knocked him out. He would get twelve hours sleep.

June awoke and after failing to wake him, she went downstairs to get a glass of water. Her mouth was dry and gulped the water. She heard feet behind her and then hands around her body.

"I'm so glad you stayed" Elena quipped and kissed June on the neck.

"Please don't. I‘m not gay. I'm not a lesbian." And pushed Elena away so she stood on the far side of the kitchen.

"I thought you might say that." Elena turned and stood at the CCTV panel and with a few quick strokes replayed a camera view of the garden. It was June standing still watching something. Elena was replaying the moment when she had discovered Monique and Elena.

"I think you should explain yourself. Look as I fast forward through this tape. You were standing there for ten minutes watching. Fascinated I think."

It was true. June couldn't believe how she stood there and after a little while moved her hand to her breasts and then her pussy. She rubbed herself until she finally turned and ran. "I'd say you watched Monique licking my soft wet pussy, or me sucking on her hard round nipples."

June blushed and her pussy tingled as she stood in the kitchen. Her mind had played tricks on her and she suddenly remembered it all. The event had shook her so much she had blocked it all out but now saw it clearly.

Elena sauntered back to her old friend. She put her finger under June's chin and made her look into the brunettes face. It was beautiful, with soft round features and deep brown eyes.

"Im not gay. I just play a little. That's not so wrong is it?"

"No"

Elena held June's hands in a sympathy. "I like beautiful women just as much as men. We are so different. Their hard bodies. Our soft skin. Their delicious penises. Our supple breasts--" Elena kissed June slowly and intoxicated her. Before long each delicate word melted June's resistance until her robe was open and Elena was sucking on June's breasts. Her tongue flicked the hard nipples and brought June to a beautiful climax leaning against the countertop. Her hands gripped the sides of the cabinets as Elena covered her naked body with delicate kisses. She was helpless.

"Please, you must stop." she whimpered.

"I don't think so" muttered Elena as her tongue kissed June once more on the lips. It's deep warm touch filled her with arousal and let the robe drop to the floor. She was hot and allowed Elena to move her one hand over her pussy and dip a hot finger inside her. With a gentle push she filled her and within a short while was pumping her pussy with deep strokes.

"Oh please, No please. I'm not gay-"

"Ssshh. Tell me you're my little slut."

"I can't"

"You Can!" she ordered and Elena's tone of voice triggered a massive climax within Elena. She let go and allowed this younger woman to fuck her hard with her fingers. She continued again. Her fingers pushed deep inside, slamming them in and then Elena smiled as June clamped around them with each thrust.

Without announcing anything Elena grabbed June by the hand and took her to the library. She was confused as the younger woman pushed her into the dark room and threw her over the edge of the sofa. 

The cold leather made June gasp as her breasts touched the hard surface but made her nipples stick out more. She felt a slap on her bottom from Elena who returned to her side and then covered her bottom with kisses. Her tongue traced her wet pussy and sent June into another climax. She'd never had so many and tried to catch her breath before Elena took her again.

She knew she wasn't a lesbian but her mind just yielded to Elena's needs. She just let herself go and wanted this woman to have her. Her wild passion made her moan as Elena strapped on a long dildo.

"You want this?", she asked.

June didn't reply but then when Elena slapped her on the ass, she nodded submissively.

Elsewhere the house was quiet. But a door opened and the young nanny, Monique made her way downstairs to the kitchen. She got a glass of water and though tired was aware that noises were coming from the library. She stepped slowly to the door and opened it slowly to find an amazing sight.

Inside, light from a desk lamp was falling on two women having sex. Monique licked her lips and stepped in and watched from the back of the room as she saw Elena pushing a large dildo inside one of the guests from the party. She then recognized the mousy wife and enjoyed her wild lust.

Elena heard a noise and turned around. She winked at Monique who smiled back. Elena said nothing but turned back to whisper into June's ear.

"Don't think this means love. I know you're not into me. But you're a sexy thing and I want you again."

June moaned but managed to talk. "Yes, I want you too. I want to lick your pussy again."

Elena pushed in deeper again. June was overwhelmed. She had never been fucked like this for a long time. Only the High School Football Quarterback could match her strength and stamina. She felt the large dildo but it felt like a real penis. Now she just wanted it to never stop. She knew she'd want more and as the biggest climax hit her, Elena knew she'd be back and wanting more while she lived the life of a straight middle class wife.