 This is a true story based on the personal experience of my best friend who was confident enough in herself to allow me to share it with you. All characters names in this story have been altered in order to protect their identities. 

My name is Nina, I am 24 years old, tall, naturally blond, bright eyed girl, I come from a small town in the north east of Italy where all things in nature tend to flourish, and so I dare to say that nature has been generous to me. Ever since the age of thirteen or so, as my body began to develop, I have started to notice the attention I was getting from the opposite sex.

For me it was somewhat strange at first, but soon I realized that it was all due to my newly gained and quite attractive curvy figure, my red lips, as well as for the devilish smile for which my friends said had a magnetic effect on the people in my surrounding. I first kissed a boy when I was fourteen and remained in love with him for the next couple of years. He was a charming young milk boy from my neighborhood, driving me around on a Vespa all of the time. Our relation dough was really platonic at the time... 

Later on I dated a bit, just like other girls of that late teen age, but most of all I concentrated on my math studies which I finished with remarkable success. Once I was over with that, I knew that an entire new chapter in my private life was about to begin... And soon enough it did... It all began last summer when I moved to Barcelona on a BSC graduate scholarship... 

I am now a graduate student of the Universidad Politecnica de Cataluña, one of the top in its league. As all graduate students I also have a mentor, who in my case is a dark haired, tall and curvy as me, astonishingly good looking young Spanish girl in her late twenties, whose name is...Mariana. We started off quite friendly. I was new in town and new on the job. I really needed a friend to help me settle in...She did her best to make me feel comfortable in my new environment. Each night after work, we took long walks together on Barcelona's beautiful seashores, we talked about our previous lives, and got to know each other better and better... 

Usually we would end up in one of the bars having a cocktail or two just to relax even further... But one night, three weeks from my arrival it was all about to change... As usual, we rounded up our work around 7 p.m. and headed for the shore...we talked most of the time about guys at work, and trough a bit of her gossip I was getting to know better our entire office... 

That night I was wearing a black, short, summer dress, which looked quite good on my already tanned skin, and Mariana was wearing a light flowery one...we both turned quite a few heads with our elegant figures and our gracious moves... after the walk we continued our routine and went to a nearby cocktail bar called "The Moonlight Laguna".

We both ordered my favorite cocktail – Long Island Ice Tea... The night was hot, and in no time we were having our second, and then our third and fourth round... As we drank up, I started to feel the strong mixture of vodka, rum, tequila gin and Bacardi...get to me...I was relaxing and loosening up rapidly...yes, I admit it, I could feel my firm breasts getting harder and my hard nipples were starting to tingle on every move I made...Even the wind that was lightly caressing me over the dress was turning me on... I was starting to feel incredibly horny! I knew that I could get no release since I didn't quite have anyone so close in Barcelona, yet. 

I knew I simply had to accept that fact for the time being... As tipsy as we were, we got out of the bar but neither of us felt like being alone...so we walked some more by the moonlit shore, as the waves slowly crushed on to the beach...we walked for a good half hour until we were far from the city noises, just the sea, moon and the two of us. We stopped for a moment. Suddenly Mariana turned to me and took both of my hands..."I want you so much!" she gasped! Then she strongly pulled me closer and put her hands on my firm, overheated breasts...My heart was racing...I didn't have time to think at all...I reacted instinctively...I put my arms around her placing my hand on her beautiful butt and stuck my tongue right in to her beautiful mouth...mmm...how sweet it felt!!! 

Never in my life have I taught I might kiss another women out of my own free will...but this was something else...I was completely overtaken by the sensation. It seemed to last forever, yet still not long enough! At the first moment she was just touching and caressing my breasts over the dress but now as our kiss deepened with her gentle hands she reached under my dress and right for my rock hard nipples! The sensation was electric!!! I was almost shaking from pleasure and excitement!!! We were still standing...everything was spinning for me and I taught of nothing else but having her right there! I put my arm between her legs...I could feel the immense heat under the fabric of her dress and of her panties... 

I suggested with my hands that we should sit down on the sand and we did so...

The tension inside me was enormous...I immediately reached for her and we were joined in another long and sweet kiss, exploring each other's mouths with our tongues...she was delicious...never ever was a man's kiss so sweet... I started to pull down her dress, and to place hot kisses on her neck and shoulder...she sighed...with her hands she unzipped my dress, and within a blink we were both sitting half naked and alone, in the sand, by the beautiful moonlit Mediterranean sea... With my mouth, guided by my instincts, I reached for her hard nipple...how hard and delicious were they... She was moaning...I knew I was so wet...I layed her completely on the sand and took off her entire dress placing it under her butt... Her beautiful shaved pussy with a neatly trimmed airstrip was shining in front of me like the most beautiful jewel a woman could ever want...I could see a drop of her honey placed at the tip of her now well showing clit...I couldn't stand it any more!

I lowered my head quickly between her thighs and started licking as fast and as strong as I could...she was moaning...with her hands she caressed my hair as I was getting more and more in to the job...I was overwhelmed with pleasure as I felt her shaking in an earth rocking orgasm...I wanted to lick and suck every last drop of that honey tasting intoxicating liquid that I could find in her...I tongue fucked her as deeply as I could...oh how I entered her with my tongue...in a minute she was once again shaking and shouting: "Yes, yes, yes, fuck me Nina, fuck me hard, hard Ninaaa ah!"  

She climaxed once again... I was mad with passion! In my eyes she could see how I still wanted her...She reached for me and sucked my entire mouth...that beautiful sweet cocktail containing her own honey... She took me by surprise when she put her palm on to my hot melting swollen pussy...I almost exploded from her first touch...she kept kissing me while she started probing me at first with one, than with two of her fingers...as she increased the speed I was rocketed to the seventh heaven time and again...we were lying naked in each other's arms wrapped in our dresses...watching the sea, and kissing passionately from time to time...It was starting to dawn...