 It was her first time in the sex shop. Normally she bought online but she realised that the only way to get what she wanted was to go in person. 

She didn't know what to expect, dingy lighting, private booths in back corners, old guys in trenchcoats, 40 year old virgins and teenage boys with fake ideas were some of the ideas that were going through her mind as she walked up the stairs. 

When she got to the top she was pleasantly surprised. It was very open and well lit. There were a few people in the store but she didn't feel uncomfortable. 

She looked around, finding the area she was looking for. 

She wanted a new toy for herself and maybe something to surprise her friend. 

She found what she wanted for herself, a little pocket rocket toy and started looking for something special. 

Looking around she saw many different dildos, vibrators and strapons. Nothing really special. She noticed a box, half hidden away. She pulled it out 'fuck her like a man would' read the box. It was a double ended dildo and didn't look like anything special. 

'What the heck' she thought, it looked like it had been on the shelf for a while. 

Getting home that night she jumped in the shower and took her new clit toy with her. Once she was all soapy she switched it on and moved it to her clit, the buzzing on her clit felt great, especially under the hot water. 

She felt her pussy pulsing but it just wasn't enough. She was playing with her hard nipples and massaging her breasts. She slid her hand down her body, feeling the vibrations getting stronger as she got closer to her pussy. She slid a finger in her pussy, wishing it was she had someone else doing it for her. She started fingering herself, slowly rubbing the inside of her pussy until she found the right spot. She found it right where the buzzing from the toy was the strongest. She slid a second finger in and rubbed herself. She started moaning as she felt the waves of pleasure buzzing through her clit, building up. Her body tensed up as the orgasm started, her fingers in her pussy pushed against the buzzing from the outside. Her knees went weak as she lent against the wall, the orgasm dissipating through her. She pulled the toy away and licked her fingers clean. She still wanted more but her friend was coming over soon and she needed to get ready. 

She put her favourite gstring on, thigh high stockings and lace bra. Over the top was a simple house shirt and trackies, she didn't want to give away too much too early. 

She'd ordered pizza already and that was due any minute. 

The door bell rang and she let her friend in. As soon as she was inside they embraced in a passionate kiss. 

The pizza closely followed. 

They ate dinner, polished off a bottle of wine before her friend had a shower. 

Whilst in the shower she took the shirt and trackies off, laying in bed waiting. 

Her friend came out of the shower in just a towel and saw her on the bed. She knew what she wanted and laid down with her. 

They kissed and ran their hands over each others bodies. Her gf told her to lay back as she felt her kissing down her neck. She laid back enjoying the kisses down her body, feeling her hands running diwn her body, pulling her bra aside as the kisses came down her chest. 

She felt a tongue circling her nipple, then lips sucking it gently. 

Her pussy was getting wet and she wanted her clit played with. 

She got her wish as a finger slide under her gstring and on her clit. She was still horny from her shower and wanted to cum again. 

The kisses moved down her body and down her thighs, before coming back up. A rush went through her as her friends tongue touched her pussy. Her gstring was pulled off and her gfs face disappeared between her legs. She bent her knees to give better access to her gf, running her hands through her hair as the tongue played with her clit and pussy. She started lifting her ass off the bed, wanting more of her gfs tongue in her pussy. Her pussy was on fire, every movement of her tongue sending sparks through her pussy. 

A finger went inside her wet pussy, send a new wave through of excitement throughout her body. 

The finger got faster and deeper, then a second one went in, rubbings different parts of her pussy. 

She felt herself wanting more and more and was pulling her gfs head wanting her tongue to make her cum. 

It didn't take long, the rush going through her body. 

They switched positions and she returned the favour, starting by playing with her clit on her tongue before taking her wet pussy lips in her mouth, gently pulling each one and playing with them. 

She felt her getting wet and wanted to taste it. She slid her tongue into her gfs pussy, moving it around in little circles. She started tongue fucking, trying to get her tongue as deep as she could. 

She was rewarded with moans of pleasure coming from her gf as she replaced her tounge with fingers. She moved her tongue below her fingers, teasing the sensitive area between the pussy and ass, feeling her gf react as she got closer to her ass. 

He fingers were deep inside, the wet pussy pulsing around them as she massaged inside her pussy. 

She got the reaction she wanted when her tongue put pressure against her ass, a loud gasp was heard as she flicked her ass. 

Her gfs breathing quickened, and she felt her pussy getting really tight and hot as she came. She moved her mouth back onto her pussy, not wanting to miss the experience of having her cum on her tongue. 

After she'd finished she moved up and they shared a long deep kiss, tasting their cum on each other. 

She remembered the new toy and pulled it from her top draw. 

'That looks interesting' her gf stated. 

'I thought we'd try something different' she replied. 

Remembering the box she thought 'how can i fuck her like a man with nothing to hold it on me'. 

She grabbed the lube and rubbed it all other. She slid it inside her pussy, an odd tingling sensation went through her body, she didn't know what was happening. 

She slid more of the dildo inside, the sensation growing she almost felt like the dildo was becoming part of her. 'Don't be silly' she thought to herself, it just rubber as she couldn't slid any more in, then she felt it, she could feel her hand going down her cock. 'My what?!?' she thought puzzled and shocked. 

Why did call it her cock? She looked down and saw this thing sticking out from her pussy, but the only thought in her mind was it was her cock. She dared touch it again and it felt warm, as warm as she did and it tingled every time she touched it. 

'What's wrong?' her gf asked, coming over to her. 

She had a sudden urge, almost animal like to fuck her gf. 'Nothing' she replied, looking over her body. 

'Are you ready?' She asked, wanting to slide her cock in her gfs tight wet pussy. 

Her gf laid back on the bed, spreading her legs. She moved forward and lined her cock up with the waiting pussy infront of her. She put the tip against her pussy, sending shockwaves tingling through her body. She pushed forward and could feel her gfs pussy around her cock, tighter then she'd ever felt around her fingers. 

She was all the way in and couldn't believe the feeling. Now she understood what it meant on the box. 

She started sliding her cock back and forward, sending waves of pleasure through her cock and up her body. She still couldn't believe what or how this was happening but she didn't care. 

She slammed her cock into her gfs pussy, hearing the groans of pleasure with every thrust. 

She could feel and hear her gf about to cum and almost feel over as the pussy around her cock spasmed with orgasm. 

She pulled out and rolled her gf over. Grabbing her hips she slid her cock back into the wet pussy. 

It was even tighter in this position and she could feel her gfs pussy taking her in. 

She held her gfs hips and slammed back and forward into her gfs tight pussy. 

Her gf buried her here head in the pillows moaning with every thrust of the cock in her pussy. 

She felt pressure building in her cock and her breathing increased. She fucked harder and harder until she came. It was liked nothing she had ever experienced before, it felt like it was coming through her body and out through her cock. 

She pulled out and watched her gf turn around and suck her clean. As soon as her lips touched her cock she bent forward, it was so sensitive but still felt so good. 

She watched as her gf cleaned her pussy off her cock. 

Slowly she felt the feeling getting less and less, and felt the dildo 'separate' from her pussy. 

It slipped from her pussy and she licked it clean. 

She kissed her girlfriend, tasting the cum from both of them. 

They fell back on the bed, exhausted. 

She put the dildo back in her drawer. She couldn't wait to try that again.