 I wake up in Hailey's bed, my arms wrapped around my beautiful girlfriend and her hair tickling my nose. She's breathing quietly and her body is tucked right up against mine. I smile gently. We've now officially been together over a month and her birthday is next Friday. We've been getting to know each other over the last month and celebrated our one month anniversary with a home cooked dinner at my house.

I lay gentle kisses down her neck, and squeeze her lightly. She sighs softly and pushes her body even closer to mine so every part of our bodies is touching. I lean my head up and look at the alarm clock next to her bed. It's only 8:30am but we slept for about 6 hours after a movie night. I slowly untangle my arms from around her middle but she groans and pulls my arms back with her hands. I giggle and kiss her shoulder. 

"Baby, I need to pee. Let me go pee otherwise I'll pee here" I laugh into her shoulder as she quickly lets me go and pushes me towards the en-suite with her bottom. I go to the bathroom laughing as I hear her start to wake up behind me. I go to the toilet and brush my teeth and go back to the bedroom as I see Hailey sprawled all over the bed, taking up both sides, her hair fanned out on the pillows and a sly grin on her face as she watches me slowly walk up to the bed.

"Good morning darling" she purrs in her sexy, husky morning voice. I smile and lean down and kiss her cheek. 

She pouts as I avoid her lips.

"Morning breath baby." I laugh and kiss her nose. "Get up, it's a beautiful Saturday and we have plans." I say as I pull her up. She groans and pulls the blanket over her head. I laugh, pulling on a hoodie and sweatpants, leaving her as I go into the kitchen to prepare breakfast.

I'm putting down the pancakes and coffee on the table as she comes into the kitchen in her dressing gown and kisses me deeply, tasting like her minty toothpaste as I place my hands on her waist and her arms go around my neck. 

"Mmmmm good morning baby" I whisper into her lips, my eyes still closed as she breaks the kiss.

"This looks good Bells, you should've told me and I would've helped" she says as she takes a seat, sipping at her coffee.

"It's fine baby, I love cooking for you" I reply as I pour syrup over my pancakes.

"Besides, when I cook, you have to wash up" I smile as she frowns. I giggle, leaning over and kissing her softly. We eat breakfast silently, as she's watches the morning news and I go over some reports for my budget meetings next week. 

After we finish cleaning up, Hailey goes into the bathroom to shower as I go through my bag for a surprise I put in their last night. I take the surprise into the bathroom and get into the shower with one of my hands behind my back. 

"I was wondering when you'd join me" she laughs and wraps her arms around me and pulls me under the spray. I smile slyly at her and she freezes, unsure what I've got behind my back as my free arm wraps around her. 

"What have you got there darling?" she tries to take a peek but I turn so she can't see the handcuffs and strap on. I lean forward, kissing her softly and pull my hand forward so she can see what I'm holding.

"Oh, that's interesting" she laughs and grabs the handcuffs, pulling them open with her fingers. I smile and kiss her cheek.

"Do you trust me baby?" I ask softly, holding the strap on up, inclining my head. She nods slightly so I step back and pull the strap on over my legs, tightening the straps in place. It hangs between my legs awkwardly as I pull the handcuffs gently from her hold.

"May I, baby?" I ask as I pull her hands towards me. She kisses me in reply and holds her hands out towards me, wrists upwards. I handcuff her hands together and pull her hands above her head and step right up into her. She kisses me again as I slip the handcuff link over the shower head, holding her hands up in place, her body on show, her back arched slightly and the shower spray going gently over her back.

I can feel the atmosphere change as she looks at me almost predator-like, her eyes raking over my body as they linger on the strap on between my legs. She licks her lips and I lose control, catapulting my body forward into hers, capturing her lips with mine and kiss her hungrily.

She responds in force, kissing back as I lift her up into me, her legs wrapping around my waist and her hands holding onto the showerhead. I can feel her rub her slit down the shaft of the strap on as she rocks her hips into mine and moans into my lips. I keep kissing her passionately as I rock my hips in sync with hers. Hailey moans again into my mouth while our tongues battle against each others.

"Baby" I whisper into her mouth. 

"Mmmm" she replies. I stop kissing her and look into her eyes. 

"I want to put it in baby" I say softly, as my thumbs rub soft circles into her hips. She moans and nods quickly. I push my body against hers and bend my knees to hold her up as I position the strap-on in front of opening. I look at her once again for confirmation. She kisses me softly and I push the strap on slowly into her.

Hailey groans and her grip on my shoulders get tighter. I still my movements and let her get adjusted, still moving my lips against hers. 

"Fuck me darling" she sighs into my mouth. I move slowly, pushing the strap-on in and out of her and rock my hips against hers. She whimpers as I increase the pace, and sways her hips in timing with my thrusts. 

I slide my right hand in-between us and start rubbing her clit furiously while increasing my thrusts even more so the strap-on is going deeper and faster inside her. She swings her handcuffed hands forward, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and lays her face against mine with our cheeks touching, the handcuffs making my back cold but I keep my pace as her moans get louder and more desperate.

"Darling, fuck, Bells right there, don't stop" she cries as I keep the momentum going. I capture her lips with mine again and she doesn't hesitate to let my tongue in as she reaches breaking point.

I keep rubbing her clit, alternating between my thumb and finger and pinching her nub with every second or third thrust. 

"Look at me baby" I groan as I push her back into the wall. She raises her head and looks at me with half-lidded eyes, and I can see the passion and lust in them. I stop rubbing her clit and bring my hand back to her hip so I can pummel her harder and deeper. She screams my name again as the pleasure overwhelms her. She comes hard but I don't stop, I keep driving and pounding her pussy with the strap-on until she comes again, almost instantaneously. 

I kiss her hard and lift her arms up and pull the strap-on out, Hailing groaning in disappointment. I don't waste any time and turn her around so her hands are against the wall, handcuffs still locked against her and I can see some of her skin on her wrist is rubbed red from the friction. I push the strap-on back into her and start pounding again as she moans in surprise, the new angle creating even higher levels of pleasure.

"Bells, yes! Fuck me!" Hailey screams as I pound her relentlessly from behind, my hands on her hips as she thrusts backwards in timing with my pounding. She comes fast and hard, screaming my name.

I slow my pace, trying to draw out her orgasm as long as possible. I pull out, turn her around and put my arms against her so she's leaning on me. She's panting into my ear and looks like she's going to pass out. I turn the shower off and drag her out of the shower, onto the mat where she sits, still out of breath.

I grab the key from beside the sink where I left it and take the handcuffs off her, rubbing her skin gently. Thankfully the rubbing didn't take any skin off but I kiss her wrists softly anyways. She smiles into the kiss and tangles her hands in my wet hair. I keep kissing her and reach blindly to the side to grab the towels I conveniently placed on the side of the bathtub. Not breaking out kiss, I wrap a towel around her and rub her arms so she doesn't get cold.

She breaks the kiss and stands up as I'm drying myself of most of the wetness. 

"Darling, that was amazing" she gushes and smiles at me. I wink back and open my arms, smiling back at her. Hailey steps forwards and we hug, out towels wrapped around us but our bare bodies touching. I hold her for a bit but can't help but kiss her collarbone and bottom of her neck. She hums contently and lets me kiss her skin. 

We dry ourselves off and go into her bedroom to get dressed. I put my jeans back on and grab one of her tee shirts out of her drawers to wear. Hailey comes out of her walk in wardrobe wearing a beautiful white sundress and some white flats to match. I swear, this girl is always impeccably well dressed. She laughs at me in her tee shirt, and gives me a quick peck to show her approval.

"Baby, do you want to go to the market? It's only 10am so we can go down there for breakfast?" I ask her as she's drying her hair and putting some make up on. 

"Sure darling" she replies as she finishes in the bathroom. I go into the living room to find my bag and shoes. One shoe is by the couch and the other is near the front door with my bag. I grin to myself as I remember the events that transpired last night.

Hailey comes out of her room, grabs her bag and pulls me up from the couch. We make our way to the elevator and instead of pressing GF (ground floor), she presses GR and takes me to the garage where her little Honda Civic is. This is the first time I've seen her car, and it looks pretty new.

"Baby, another gift from your parents?" I ask, as she unlocks the car. 

"Yes darling, but you'll meet them next weekend at my birthday lunch" she replies as we get in.

"Sounds good baby girl and don't forget on Sunday we have dinner at my parents hours" I reply as she starts the car. She hums in remembrance and pulls out of the garage.

The drive to the Victoria Market is short, but parking there is a nightmare. We finally find a spot and walk around to the stalls holding hands. We agree on getting some Dutch pancakes which are basically miniature pancakes. She gets maple syrup on hers, while I get lemon, butter and sugar with a little maple syrup.

We sit at one of the outside tables with our breakfast and people watch while she tells me about her family. I'm excited to see them but also nervous as our relationship is so new but I know I'll do my best to impress them. 

"Darling, don't worry. They'll like you. What's not to like?" she says lovingly as I voice my concerns.

I smile, take her hand and kiss her softly, tasting the maple syrup on her tongue. 

"I'll charm them, aye?" I laugh. She giggles back and smiles at me.

"Of course you will, you charmed me. And also, my friends will be there and you know they like you, so they'll be there to back you up." I kiss her nose and smile.

"Ok baby girl, sounds like a plan."

We finish our breakfast and walk around the stalls, looking at all the products on display. I'm watching her carefully, trying to see what she likes so I can determine what to get her for her birthday. I notice she looks at jewellery a lot so I guess that makes my decision easier.

Although I don't want to get her any jewellery. I want to get her something that has meaning. 

We stay at the market for a few hours then decide to go to the casino for dinner. She drives to the casino and we spend the night gambling, and having dinner at a nice restaurant called Margo's.

After dinner, we hit one of the bars and spend a few hours dancing and drinking. I only have one drink though, I've never really liked the idea of alcohol. Hailey decides that I can drive us back to my house tonight in her car and orders another raspberry and vodka. 

I drive us back to my house after we realise it's 11pm and we're feeling pretty tired. Ryan appears to be out so I park Hailey's car on the street. We go inside and she takes off her shoes, dress and bra and goes into the bathroom to brush her teeth. I kept her toothbrush she used last time so as she's freshening up, I light a few candles around my room and pick up some stray clothes I've left on the floor.

She gets into my bed and waits for me to brush my teeth and set an alarm for tomorrow.

"Bells, what are we doing tomorrow?" she asks sleepily as I get into bed. 

"I was thinking maybe have a few people over here for a BBQ, so you can get to know my friends a bit better? You've only met them a few times" I say as I wrap my arms around her body. She snuggles into my arms and kisses me softly.

"Sounds great darling, although anything with you is great" she says after kissing me back.

I smiles gently at her and hold her close, pulling the blankets over us.

We both fall asleep, content.