 Author's Note: You'll enjoy this story more if you read the first chapter. However, if you choose not to, the following is a brief synopsis from Chapter 1:

Sarah and Judy have worked together at the same small company for nearly 15 years. They aren't close friends, but enjoy each other's company when they travel together to business meetings and the like. Sarah is rather reserved, while Judy is outgoing with an interesting sexual history. That fascinates Sarah because she sees in Judy that "bad girl" that Sarah dreams of being.

One night at an out of town conference, after Sarah and Judy have each gone to their rooms, an aroused Sarah telephones Judy and encourage her to talk about her sexual past. Being straight, Sarah is surprised to find herself attracted to Judy, and she would like to get herself off to the sound of Judy's voice telling one of her "naughty stories." It works out quite well for Sarah, as she has a wonderful orgasm as Judy tells her about a guy she dated in college, whom she calls "Mr. Big." Sarah thinks that Judy may also have cum while they talked, but the two never acknowledge it.

A couple of years later, after both have been laid off in a corporate takeover, the two women meet again. Sarah tells Judy that she has written an erotic story about the telephone conversation that made her cum; Judy reads it and admits that she had an orgasm that night, too. So the two agree to have phone sex again, this time when they both know exactly what's going on. The experience turns out to be exhilarating and leaves them both wanting more.

So they agree to meet at a hotel for an afternoon of masturbation. Sarah is incredibly aroused at doing something so daring and naughty and can't wait for the day to arrive. Sarah picks up the story from there. 

****

I couldn't think of anything else over the weekend. I replayed the whole incredible phone sex episode with Judy over and over in my mind. To think this time she knew exactly what was happening! I came, she came, and we were both practically crazy with arousal.

The chief beneficiary turned out to be my husband David, who enjoyed some of the best sex of his life that weekend. My body felt like it was on fire for three days, and I lost count how many times the two of us fucked.

I rode his cock the way Judy rode Mr. Big, gave him several hand jobs as I thought about the record setting launch that Judy was so proud of, and we even enjoyed some anal, which I normally reserve for times when I've had way too much to drink. However, this time I was simply drunk with the desire that Judy had stirred in me Friday afternoon.

As he was getting ready to leave for work Monday morning, David turned to me with a mischievous smile. "I don't' know what got into you this weekend, Babe. But whatever it was, get you some more of it."

He kissed me full on the mouth, grabbed my bottom and pulled me tightly to him. I could feel his cock beginning to swell inside the trousers of his navy suit. I stretched my arms upward and hugged him around the neck and returned his kiss enthusiastically. "I think you must have slipped some aphrodisiac into my food this weekend," I teased. "And if that's what it was, don't forget to do it again soon."

Of course, I was also thinking to myself, "You bet I'm going to get some more of it, just as soon as Judy and I can get together."

David headed off to work reluctantly, not having enough time for a quickie. And I headed for my computer to check e-mail. Sure enough, there was one from Judy. My heart started pounding as I clicked on her name and the words appeared on my screen.

"Sarah," it read, "Friday afternoon was wonderful!!! I haven't felt like this in a loooooong time, and I can't wait to feel it again. I've decided to visit my mother in Tulsa next weekend, and I can get away for a little 'shopping' Friday afternoon. Do you have a 'client' in Tulsa that you might see then? Don't you dare say no!"

And it was signed, "Your phone sex fuck buddy, Judy."

Well, Judy's message certainly did nothing to show down my heart rate. If anything, my pulse quickened further as my hands gripped the soft arms of my desk chair. I read the message several more times.

"Oh my god," I whispered. "Friday. Oh my god. Oh fuck. She's really serious."

My hands were trembling as I struggled to find the keys to type my response. "Dear Judy," I typed. "I do have a client in Tulsa that I've been meaning to see. As a matter of fact, I've wanted to see her for a very long time. But since Tulsa is such a long drive, I'll probably have to spend the night there. I'll write you later when I've made the arrangements."

And I signed it, "Your partner in masturbation, Sarah." I knew when I hit "send" that my life would never be the same. But wasn't that what I had been wanting for so long? I would certainly find out next Friday.

My sense of time went crazy that week. On one hand, the days just seemed to crawl by, making me feel as if Friday would never arrive. At the same time, when I woke up at 3:30 Friday morning, unable to go back to sleep, I just kept thinking over and over, "Oh my god, it already time! What the hell am I about to do?"

I lay there on my back, eyes wide open, listening to David snore slightly. I reached over and let my hand brush lightly against his warm body, which was snuggled just a few inches from mine. For the first time, I began to feel guilty.

I hated to lie to him. I had never cheated on him in our ten years of marriage. But was this really cheating? After all, Judy and I were just going to watch each other get off. Besides, I'd never seen David happier with our sex life than he was last weekend. And we both had Judy to thank for that. Only he just didn't know it.

I finally concluded that reasoned thought was not possible before 4 a.m., and I climbed out of bed. As I sat up, David reached over and patted my arm, and I felt a little lump in my throat. But I also felt that flutter deep in my belly that reminded me that I was going to do something today that was secret and naughty and more daring than anything I'd ever done before.

That fluttering in my belly turned into a tingling farther down as the warm spray of the shower rained down on me. Under any other circumstances, I would have enjoyed a leisurely masturbation session. But I refrained for two reasons. I had to hurry and get on the road in order to meet my client in Tulsa at 10 a.m., and I wanted the delicious sexual tension to keep building until I met Judy at my hotel at 1:00 that afternoon.

Earlier in the week, I had reserved a room for Friday night at the Doubletree Hotel in downtown Tulsa ("Yes, dear, I think I'd better stay over since my client meeting could run pretty late."). Judy and I had agreed to meet in the hotel restaurant at 1 p.m. I'd made arrangements to have what I hoped to be a fairly quick meeting with my client that morning, leaving me time to get checked in before Judy arrived.

I was turning all these things over in my mind as I finished my shower and began to work on my hair and makeup. I loved my perm, which gave my dark brown hair wonderful body and required minimal fuss to make it look really cute. 

I took some extra care with my makeup, ensuring that my big brown eyes were appropriately highlighted with eye shadow, liner and mascara. I hardly needed any blush, given the flush of excitement already reflected on my face. The lipstick I chose was just a bit redder than usual. I wasn't wearing it for my client. I was wearing it for Judy.

The clock said 6:15 a.m., and I knew I needed to get on the road quickly. I had a three hour drive ahead and didn't want to keep my client waiting. Yeah, right. The only time that really meant anything to me right then was 1 p.m., the hour of my meeting with Judy. But I did want to be professional with my client, so I slipped off my robe and began to dress.

Naturally, I had picked out my sexiest undergarments, a new bra and panty set I'd ordered from VS just for today. They were both a bold blue, and adorned with lace. The bra was a front-clasp, demi-cup model that lifted my breasts, accentuated my cleavage and barely covered my nipples. Speaking of nipples, I could feel them harden as I nestled my breasts into the small cups and thought about the next person who would be seeing them. 

The panty was a cute little thong with lace on the tiny front panel and the smallest strip of delicate material that disappeared seductively between the cheeks of my round, firm bottom. Although I normally wore panty hose when I dressed for business, today called for something different. I had purchased a pair of thigh high stockings, nude in color, just for today. It felt so sexy to slip them over my freshly shaved legs, and I was delighted with the results as I admired myself in the full-length mirror for a few seconds.

I was about to put on my deep blue silk blouse when I realized I'd forgotten something. I took some perfume and dabbed a bit between my breasts and applied one little drop to the inside of each thigh. Then I slipped on the blouse. I considered leaving the top two buttons undone to show off a little cleavage, but I thought better of it. I didn't want David wondering about my "sexy" look, and I could always reveal a little more after my business meeting.

Since I was ostensibly going to Tulsa on business, for David's benefit I decided to wear one of my "credibility suits," a classic black number with a short jacket. The skirt just touched the top of my knee and was just tight enough to make my clients remember I'm a woman. Of course, I didn't want Judy to forget it, either.

I slipped on a pair of matching pumps with three inch heels, and I was ready. It's just that I was not quite sure what I was ready for. I had done most of my packing the night before, so it was just a matter of gathering the things I had used to get ready that morning into my bag, and I was ready to hit the road.

I stuck my head in David's bathroom to tell him goodbye just as he was getting out of the shower. He was all wet, and I didn't want him messing up my makeup. So I playfully reached down and gave his semi-erect cock a couple of slow strokes, blew him a kiss and told him I'd see him on Saturday.

I don't remember much about the three-hour drive to Tulsa, or even much about the 10 a.m. appointment with my client. The organization's CEO wanted to take me to lunch, and I didn't want to turn him down because my contract was coming up for renewal. I thought it would be a very good time to make some points and, hopefully, secure his business for another year.

I told him we needed to eat early because I had a 1 p.m. appointment downtown, then chastised myself mentally for allowing this thing with Judy to overtake my better judgment and professionalism. We had a nice lunch and I did solidify myself with his organization for another year. But through it all, that tingle deep in my belly was never far away. A little lull in the conversation, and I would start to fantasize about what might happen in the afternoon, and the butterflies would take over.

Finally, at 12:20, we said our goodbyes with a handshake, and I hopped in my car and drove the 20 minutes downtown to the hotel. Parking was easy that time of day, and there was not even a line at check-in. So by 12:50, I was sliding the key card into the latch and opening the door to room 708, and god only knows what else.

I had wheeled my own suitcase to the room, not wanting to wait for a bellman, and I hoisted the bag onto the king sized bed, pulled out my makeup and did a little touching up. I had to go to the bathroom before going down to the restaurant, so I slipped down my frilly blue thong, lifted my skirt and sat down.

As I looked down at the new panties bunched around my knees, I suddenly had the urge to take them off and go commando. I knew from the few times that I had gone bare, that it would enhance the erotic, daring sensation I was already feeling. So I decided to do it! I stood up and stepped out of them, then picked the delicate little thong up and slipped it in my jacket pocket.

As I rode the elevator back down to the lobby, I smiled to myself at the little surprise I had for Judy.

****

Judy was already waiting for me in the restaurant. She looked as if she was ready for an afternoon of shopping all right, dressed in a cute little sun dress with thin straps that allowed her soft shoulders to show nicely. I could see right away that she was not wearing a bra, as her round breasts struggled against the thin cotton fabric. She looked darling in bright yellow, and the hem was short enough to show off her bare, tanned legs. I was delighted to see that she had gone to the trouble of getting a pedicure, as her freshly-done toes peeked out from her low-heeled sandals.

"She must have been looking forward to this as much as I have," I thought to myself as I hugged her in greeting. The hardening of her nipples as we kissed each other lightly on the cheek was also a give-away.

"You look very businesslike today," Judy greeted me. "I hope you sold something to that client you met with. If you didn't, he must be blind or dead."

"Yeah, it was a good meeting. But I have to tell you, I was having a lot of trouble concentrating." She nodded her head in understanding.

"So you're actually going to go through with this, huh?" Judy asked as we took a seat at a table for four in the far corner of the restaurant. The lunch crowd was beginning to thin a bit and we had this particular section mostly to ourselves. We sat in adjacent chairs at the round table, but not close enough that anyone would think twice about what we were up to.

"Well, I guess I'm going through with it," I responded. "I know I want to. It's all I've been thinking about. But I don't think I'll know for sure whether I'm really going to do it until, you know, we . . . actually . . . do it." I could tell my face was flushed with excitement and embarrassment at actually talking about this face to face with Judy.

She leaned toward me and put her hand on my arm. "Oh, you're gonna do it all right," she whispered. "You want it as bad as I do. Probably more."

Just then the waiter brought over two glasses of water. We declined his offer of menus and ordered two glasses of wine. We were both too excited to eat and I hoped the wine might relax us a bit.

"What do you mean 'probably more'?" I asked after the waiter was out of earshot.

"Well, I know what it's like and you don't. Your curiosity is about to make you crazy. Am I right?" Judy said with a soft smile and raised eyebrows.

"Wait a minute," I said urgently. "You mean you've masturbated with another woman before?"

"Well . . . ," Judy hesitated, but the smile never left those wonderfully full lips. "That and a little more."

"Oh my god, Judy," I hissed, trying to make sure that no one around us could hear. "You've had sex with a woman?"

She simply kept smiling and nodded her head. "You already know I had some adventures when I was in college. Well, that was one of them. My roommate, freshman year. We started masturbating together after we'd lived together for probably three months. Then one Saturday night, thanks to a little liquor and some asshole boyfriends who stood us up, things went a bit farther."

"Oh fuck," I whispered, barely audibly. "What have I gotten myself into here?"

"Don't worry," she reassured, "we won't do anything you're not ready for, that you don't want to do."

"But how the hell do I know WHAT I want to do? I was scared to death when I thought we were just going to masturbate! Now, I'm afraid I'll disappoint you if we don't go farther."

She squeezed my arm again, reassuringly. "You'll never disappoint me, Sarah. The orgasms I've already had with you are some of the best of my whole life. There's just something about this connection we've developed. It's like when you touch yourself, I can feel it right in my sex. And I think you feel the same way."

I nodded my head in silent agreement, feeling myself moisten just a little at just the mention of our touching ourselves. "All right," I said hesitantly, "I'm putting myself in your hands. Please be gentle." 

I smiled at my little joke, while Judy was still trying to figure out whether I was really kidding. "Don't worry, I won't start screaming or anything."

"I kind of remember hearing you do some screaming on the phone last week," Judy teased. "And I'll be disappointed if you don't at least do that much today."

My stomach was in a real knot, imagining what might actually happen once we got to my room. I knew in my heart that Judy would not be satisfied with a simple masturbation session. But I was beginning to believe that I wouldn't either. So I thought I might as well spring my surprise on her.

"Judy," I whispered softly, as I reached into the pocket of my jacket. "I have something for you." Before she could ask what or I could change my mind, I quickly thrust the panties into her hand.

The look on her face was priceless! She opened her mouth, but no words came out. Her eyes were wide with surprise. Finally, she realized she was sitting in a restaurant with pair of women's panties in her hand and quickly wadded them up and slipped them in her purse.

My laughter broke the tension, and Judy quickly followed suit. We sat there and nearly howled over something that was so silly and sexy at the same time. "Well, girl, you're going to do just fine," she said when she finally had stopped laughing.

"I think so, too," I said seriously, "but what if someone should walk in and see us together like this?"

"We're just two old friends having a late lunch."

"What if someone sees us getting on the elevator together?" I persisted.

Judy patiently pointed to a sign in the lobby announcing a two-day meeting of the Statewide Coalition of Christian Women here at the hotel. "Then we're just a couple of Christian women going up to a meeting in the conference center."

"But what if someone sees us going into my room together?"

The last question was one two many for Judy. She just frowned at me and said, "Then we'll just tell 'em we're a couple of horny women getting ready to get each other off."

That crack made us both laugh again. And it made us both realize that the time for talking was over. Judy got up from the table first, and I followed quickly behind. I watched her hips sway gently and seductively under her yellow sun dress as we made our way to the elevators.

****

The ride up to the seventh floor seemed to take forever. We were alone in the elevator, thankfully, but neither of us said a word. It was as if we were both holding our breath, and didn't plan to exhale until we were safely inside my room. Occasionally, we'd glance at each other and smile weakly, as if to say, "What are we getting ourselves into, anyway?"

I fumbled around in my purse for the key card and fumbled around again trying to insert it in the latch with shaking hands. Of course, it didn't help that by this time, Judy was standing close enough behind me that I could feel the heat from her body and catch a whiff of her perfume. It reminded me again why we were there and made me so glad we were.

When the lock finally gave that loud click to signify it was released, Judy put her hand on the small of my back and allowed it to drift down over my bottom as I pushed the door open and she followed me inside.

There was the room, just as I had left it about 30 minutes before, my bag still atop the large bed. It was dark, even in the early afternoon, because I had left the blackout curtains pulled shut. It was a typical upscale hotel room; at least it was for Tulsa. In addition to the king size bed, there was a desk and chair over in the far corner, complete with a high-speed internet hookup. An overstuffed arm chair and ottoman sat in the other corner opposite the desk. And, of course, there was the standard dark wood armoire that held the television and cable box in the top, with drawers in the bottom for anyone staying long enough to unpack. 
