 This story is a complete fiction, yet all of the characters portrayed are at least eighteen years of age. It is a story of a taboo event involving a teacher and a student, both female. If such activities or situations are offensive to you, please find another story to read. This one is not for you. If, on the other hand, you find such erotica entertaining or of interest, please enjoy and leave feedback if you're so inclined. I love to hear from my readers and often learn things of use to me as a writer.

Enjoy!

_____

I was raised by my mother to be a proper lady in all ways. So, I'm always careful of how I appear. I don't go out in curlers, and certainly not without makeup. I'm especially careful of how I sit and move. I have always viewed women who flash their wares with contempt. I never had any difficulty finding men who were interested in more subtle ways.

I tried to always be a lady until one time a peek up my skirt got me one of the most exciting sexual experiences of my life.

This happened last year. I was 25 years old, a teacher of math and science in a high school known for academic excellence. I'd been there for three years and had become comfortable in my routine and with my colleagues and students.

I'm 5'4" tall, 110 pounds, with long blonde hair, blue eyes, and a nice figure I keep that way with regular tennis games and workouts at the health club. On this particular day, I was wearing the teachers' uniform of a knee-length plaid skirt, white blouse, collar tab, and cardigan. We have the option of wearing coordinating slacks, too, but on such a pretty day as this, the skirt was more comfortable.

I was teaching an AP calculus class, trying to get the concept of limits across to the students when I realized one of the girls in the class was looking at my legs. I've had lots of people check me out over the years, but for some reason this girl's gaze excited me. I carefully brought my knees tightly together and shifted my legs so she couldn't have an easy view and continued my lecture.

She continued to stare dreamily at my legs and her attention was clearly there and not on mathematics. The thing is, I found her rapt attention distracting as well.

At the end of the class, I asked her to stay for a moment.

Once we were alone, I sat on the edge of my desk and she stood in front of me. "Joanne, you seemed to be very distracted in class today. Is there a problem?"

"No, Miss Hofstadter. I just couldn't concentrate."

"Joanne, this is the most important concept in calculus. If you don't understand limits, you won't get any of the rest of it. I promise it shows up on the AP exam."

She moved toward me until she was almost touching my knees. Her hand touched my bare knee so lightly it was almost like a butterfly's kiss. "Miss Hofstadter, I'm sorry but when I looked up your skirt, I just wanted to see and touch and kiss everything you have."

I was clearly shocked. I thought I'd kept my modesty intact. "You saw up my skirt? In class??"

She smiled at me. "No, Miss Hofstadter, it was when you were getting out of your car in the teachers' parking lot this morning. You reached back behind your seat for something and your legs opened up for just a second and I saw your white panties. You're always such a lady and I was surprised and so turned on."

"Joanne, I apologize for doing anything unladylike, but I assure you that I'm totally 100% straight and I definitely don't date students."

Her hand moved up my thigh, just under the hem of my skirt. I was amazed at her brazen behavior. She is a very cute girl with short brown hair, green eyes, a pixie face and a petite figure. She was also wearing the prescribed school uniform of a plaid skirt and white blouse.

She smiled at me sweetly. "I'm not a lesbian or anything, Miss Hofstadter. I just think you're a beautiful woman. May I kiss you?"

I pushed her hand off of my thigh. "Certainly not, Joanne. Isn't it time for you to go to your next class?"

She didn't seem to be dismayed by my denial. She put her hand on my thigh again, pushing my skirt up a little higher. I was becoming annoyed and more than a little turned on myself. The latter shocked me. I'd broken off a long-standing friendship with a girl whom I'd known since grade school when she made a pass at me only because she told me she thought I was attractive. Now here was this 18-year old student who was trying to seduce me in my office. I was happy the glass was frosted and nobody could see inside.

I took her hand off of my thigh and smoothed my skirt down again. Joanne seemed undeterred. She smiled more broadly at me and leaned over to kiss me. On my lips. It was a gentle thing, only for a moment until I backed off and turned my head. "No, Joanne, this is not at all proper."

"I love how proper you are, Miss H. You're such a lady all the time. I wish I could be more like you." She kissed me again and I tried to push her away, but she had moved closer, opening her legs to surround mine. This pushed her skirt up her thighs almost to the point where I could have seen her panties.

"Joanne, you have to stop this right now."

She reached around my back and pulled me closer, kissing me on my lips again, this time her kiss lingered and I found myself letting my mouth open to receive her tongue. This girl was a wonderful kisser and it was very different from the guys I'd made out with. Softer, gentler, but still insistent.

She used one hand to stroke my hair as she kissed me and she held me with the other around my back. I crossed my legs, but she just smiled as she rubbed her panty-covered mound on my thigh. She had worked my skirt further up my thigh. I could feel the moist warmth of her sex on my thigh and my own pussy responded with a flood of wetness.

To my shock, I was kissing her back and enjoying the experience. It was better than what I'd gotten from most of my boyfriends. I think the fact that I had broken up with my last boyfriend a year ago and was very horny contributed to my delinquency. 

She wrapped me up in her arms and pulled me to the edge of my desk. In seconds, she was on her knees, urging me to uncross my legs. She lifted my skirt off of my thighs to look and she sighed. "You are perfect, Miss H. I need to do this for you. I love you best of all my teachers."

She pushed my thighs apart and moved her face between them, kissing my inner thighs as she worked my skirt all the way up to my waist. It didn't take her long to find my mons and begin kissing me down there.

I was so amazingly turned on by this point, I didn't care what happened. She took her time, kissing and licking my labia and into my crease through my panties.

"Yummm, I love kissing a girl through her panties. I just think it's so sexy, don't you?"

I was pretty breathless and didn't make any sort of articulate comment. Her kisses and licking was making me very hot and needy. Not by volition, but by instinct, I was humping her face. Her moans of approval just served to make it hotter. She began to concentrate on the top of my slit, licking and kissing around my clitoris and I had a rapid build-up to a thunderous orgasm. I could barely keep quiet, understanding that if I were caught in this position with a student, I'd lose my teaching license and my job.

As I came, I pulled her face hard into my crotch, fucking her enthusiastically.

She sat back as I began to relax and took one last look at my wet panties before she pulled my skirt down, restoring my fractured modesty.

I looked at the clock on the wall. The whole episode only lasted fifteen minutes and I felt wrung out. I was glad it was my planning period. If I'd had a class, I'd have been very late.

She smiled at me and gave me a little kiss on my cheek. "Thank you, Miss H. I wanted to do that for you ever since my first class with you."

She gathered up her book bag and left me in a real state. I'd done the unthinkable and loved it.