 I can't believe you're there as I turn the corner of the aisle. I thought you were working, as indeed you thought I was. Latter we would discover that both of us had come into a free hour and had decided to pick up some groceries. At that moment though, no words were needed. As our eyes met we were both overcome with a desire that swept all words away. Carts were abandoned as we both headed for the parking lot.

Our eyes met again over the tops of our cars. I jerked my head in the direction of my house. In a small rural town discretion is always the better part of valor, especially for two women. Usually our meetings are carefully planned, away from prying eyes and gossiping lips, but today there is no time to plan, only to go. Our only enemy today is time. Do we have enough before the world may intrude?

I arrive at my house only a minute before you. Parking in the garage I almost run to the front door to let you in as you pull up. This is important, for we will save seconds going down the hall to my bedroom, and today seconds seem so precious. We take only time for one passionate kiss and then we reel down the hall and thru the door. Locked in each other we ask for nothing more than here and now.

We have hardly exchanged a single word. The light in your eyes drives me. I catch your face in my hands and kiss you again and again. You cup my face in reply and the taste of your mouth makes me dizzy. Our tongues touch and caress each others even as our hands clutch each other's bodies. In one frantic movement your hands come up under my skirt and pull my panties down. I wiggle out of them, shedding my shoes and panties alike as I push you back on the bed. I fall beside you, kneeling, still kissing you.

Normally our meetings are filled with gentle touch and kisses. Today we do not even remove any more clothing. You open the front of my blouse and simply pull my bra down to expose my breasts. I tug your skirt up to your waist. You lean up, taking my breast in your mouth. I slide one hand down between your legs and catch the back of your neck with the other.

My fingers push your panties aside and touch your swollen lips. I part them and begin to slide back and forth. As my now lubed fingers slip in you moan and raise your knee between my legs. Feeling the smooth skin against me as I kneel I also begin to move in rhythm. Already your leg is slick with my juices. At the same time your mouth centers on my nipple, capturing it in your lips and beginning to pull it.

Now my fingers are buried deep in you. They push apart, feeling your internal muscles trying to hold them. My thumb centers on your now unhooded clitoris and begins to stroke it. Your knee moves against me and my hips begin to thrust harder against it. Finally, your teeth take my nipple. They tug it, gently at first, then harder. I gasp as you then firmly set your teeth.

We move in wild togetherness now. I pull against your teeth as they bite my nipple. My fingers plunge into you your wet pussy again and again, faster and deeper, as my thumb rubs harder. I grind myself against your thrusting knee. My whole world narrows to the incredibly sensual pain of my breast, the warm suction of your pussy and your grinding knee. I arch my back and throw back my head. Your name comes to my lips now, first in whispered gasps, then louder as I feel my orgasm rushing upon me. Then I hear you calling my name as I dimly realize my nipple is, alas, free of your teeth. Then there is no time to think of anything as the oncoming wave buries me at the same time it does you. Again and again I shudder and cry out, hearing you respond in kind.

I collapse against you. I still tremble from spasm after spasm as I continue the mind numbing pleasure you have given me. As I fall into your arms I can sense you are experiencing the same thing. Lying together, holding each other tightly, I finally take a deep breath after what seems like hours of holding it. I look into your lovely eyes while I stroke your blonde hair.

"I love you", you whisper.

"I love you too", I reply.

Not enough time? Just exactly the right amount of time. 

(Comments are more than welcomed. They will even be groveled for.)