 After an extremely long year at school it was finally time for summer vacation. It had been seven months since I had lost my virginity to my boyfriend, Johnny, and the sex just kept getting better and better. Johnny had arranged for his band go on a tour to various coffee shops and fair grounds across the state that summer; and I had decided to come along. 

Johnny picked me up in his gray, Range Rover and we drove over to the warehouse that his band used to practice. A few minutes after arriving at the warehouse, one of the guitar players, Luke, arrived with the rental van. Luke's girlfriend was also coming along on the tour this summer and when I saw her step out of that van I was blown away. She was gorgeous. She was about 5'4, with piercing green eyes, full lips, medium length, curly, dark auburn hair, and enormous breasts. I had a 36dd chest but her breasts were even larger than mine. I had never been attracted to another girl before but this girl was sexy as hell and I couldn't deny it.

She walked up to me and introduced herself.

"Hi, I'm Samantha Young, Luke's girlfriend, but you can call me Sam."

"I'm Lily Thomas, Johnny's girlfriend."

"Nice to meet you Lily, looks like we'll be spending a lot of time together this summer, since we're the only two girls on this trip and all."

"Yeah, I think we'll have a lot of fun."

"Oh, I'm sure we will", Sam said with a seductive smile and wink as she walked over to where her boyfriend was standing.

Sam and I chatted as the boys loaded the van, and we found out that we had a lot in common. I was surprised by how well I got a long with Sam. I had always s had a hard time making friends with girls, but Sam was different, she was just so down to earth and easy to talk to.

A couple of weeks later, Sam and I were sitting at a table in a coffee shop, in Wilmington, North Carolina, watching the boys rehearse. 

"Lily, you know I'm really not feeling to well."

"Oh, well maybe you should go back to the hotel and lay down for a while."

"Yeah, I think that's a good idea, will you come with me?"

"Sure."

We went up on stage and kissed our boys goodbye, and began walking back to Sam and Luke's hotel room. Once we had arrived at the room, Sam kicked off her flip flops and took off her jeans, so that she was just standing there in a tight blue tank top and a black thong. She walked over to the bed and pulled the comforter back and then she looked back at me.

"Lily, will you take a nap with me?"

I was nervous about what might happen, but for some reason I said that I would. I walked over to the bed where Sam was already laying and started to get in, but Sam stopped me.

"Take your jeans off, you'll be more comfortable."

I took my jeans off so I was only wearing a tight white tank top and a red thong. I got into bed, and Sam snuggled up to me. She was rubbing my arm and breathing on my neck.

"Mmm, Lily, you smell so good, what are you wearing?"

"It's the new lotion I got from Bath and Body works, its called sugar wafer."

"Well, it smells good enough to eat."

With that, she leaned in closer and licked my neck, sending shivers all through my body. Realizing the effect she had just had on me, she began to run her hand over my breasts through my shirt.

"You have such big, sexy breasts, Lily, I'm dying to suck on them", she said as she began to pull my shirt up. I grabbed her hand.

"I, I, I, I've never been with another woman before."

"I know, and I want to show you what you've been missing."

She rose up on the bed and removed her tank top, then her bra, releasing her enormous breasts. Her breasts were magnificent I had the strongest urge to grab them and massage them, lick them, suck them, I didn't care which, I just knew I had to get my hands on them. She saw the look on my face, and smiled.

"You like?" she asked as she slipped her hand under my thong, running her finger up my slit, bringing out some of my wetness for her to enjoy. She took her finger up to her mouth and licked clean. "Mmm, I think you like it a lot", she said with a seductive grin. I lay there motionless, unable to think, move or take my eyes off her gorgeous breasts.

She removed her thong to reveal her beautiful bald pussy; she then removed my tank, bra, and thong. She lay on top of me; pressing our breasts together, then she leaned in and licked my lips, before diving in and kissing me passionately. We laid there for what seemed like an eternity, exploring each other's mouth with our tongue, rubbing our breasts together and grinding our pussy's together. 

After a while she broke the kiss and began kissing down my neck, making her way to my breasts. She licked my breasts, while massaging them, licking around the nipple, teasing me before finally taking my nipple into her mouth and sucking them like her life depended on it. I moaned in pleasure as she gave equal attention to both of my nipples, making them harder than they had ever been before. 

Then she continued to lick her way down my body. She licked down my stomach stopping to swirl her tongue around my navel, then she moved further down and licked and teased my inner thighs. I opened my legs wider for her hoping that she would soon give me the release that I so desperately needed.

Sensing my need for release, she moved over to my pussy and began to rub it with her hand. She then leaned down and kissed it before licking my outer lips, and then pulling them into her mouth to suck on them. She then spread my lips wider and began to lick up and down my slit stopping to fuck me with her tongue, while she rubbed my swollen clit with her fingers. By this time I was moaning loudly, and I could feel that my orgasm was close. She could sense this as well and replaced her tongue with two fingers and then took my clit into her mouth. She fucked me hard with her fingers and sucked my clit hard causing me to buck wildly against her face. Moments later, I pulled her face even further into my pussy as I came harder than I had ever cum before, and she drank every last drop of my love juice. 

She then took her breasts and rubbed each of them up and down my pussy slit, causing me to get wet all over again. She then moved up beside me on the bed and offered me her breasts.

"Here taste yourself."

I licked all my wetness of her breasts, and sucked on her nipples, as she moaned softly. She then pushed me down between her legs, and I began to mimic what she had done to me earlier. I began to lick her pussy lips and suck them into my mouth, before sticking my tongue into her slit and licking up and down, teasing her and making her moan loudly as she pushed my head even further into her pussy. I flicked her clit with my tongue a little before taking the whole thing in my mouth and sucking it. As I sucked her clit, I placed two fingers in her cunt and began fuck her hard. I kept this up until I got my reward, a big load of cum in my mouth. I licked up every last drop and then moved back up beside her, and we laid there and snuggled and kissed.

"Sam, I really love Johnny and I don't want to break up with him."

"I know sweetie, I love Luke too, and I have no intention of breaking up with him either, this was all just for fun."

And what fun it was, this wasn't the last time Sam and I had our little rendezvous, we continued all that summer and continue to meet from time to time to this day.