 "Hello, girls," a store greeter said. "Is there anything we can help you find today?"

I started to say that we were just looking before Amy interjected with, "We're looking for negligee."

With a smile, the woman pointed to a corner. "There are a few racks over there. You might find some on the sales racks, too. Let me know if you need any help."

Amy started over to them, and I followed after muttering a shy thanks. 

"What size?" Amy asked.

"I'm not sure," I answered. "How do the sizes work, exactly?"

"Some go as a normal pants size would," she answered. "Others are the typical small, medium and large."

"Okay, then," I replied. "Try a five and a medium."

"I think you could wear a small, Lacy."

"You think so?" I looked down at my stomach and patted it. "I don't think I'm a small."

"You're perfect." She smiled and continued searching through the lingerie. I started looking, too. I found some that I really liked, but I still wasn't too sure about the sizes. I was too nervous to ask if I should try one on, but I didn't have to; Lacy asked for me.

"How about this one?" she said, holding a blue lace bra and thong set up with a matching silk robe. "It's really sexy. And I'm sure it'll fit you." She held it up to me, and I stepped back, slightly embarrassed. "You need to try it on, I guess."

"I'm sure we're not allowed to."

"So we'll ask."

"No!" But it was too late. She had already stopped the greeter from before and had asked the question.

"Yes, the dressing room is over there." She pointed to an open door. "There are several dressing rooms in there. Just choose one, and yell if you need anything. We ask that our customers leave on their underwear when trying on lingerie, though."

"No problem," Amy replied. "Come on, Lacy."

Disgusted with myself, we went into the corridor and saw that all of the rooms were empty. Amy walked right into the room on the end, the biggest one there. She called me over and she shut and locked the door. I had never changed in front of her before, but I didn't have any problem with it then. 

She mimicked the woman. "'Leave your underwear on.' God! Go ahead, Lacy. You won't know how they really fit unless you take everything off."

"No way! Other women might have done the same thing! Nasty..."

"Nah. And even if they did, it's not like it's all that disgusting."

"What are you talking about?"

"Just do it! I promise, it'll be fine."

I hadn't minded CHANGING in front of her. Stripping down to nothing but my nakedness was a little unnerving. Reluctantly, I agreed, and removed my shirt, shoes, and pants before standing there in my underwear.

"Go ahead. I'll look away if it's that big of a deal."

"Look away." Amy sighed and turned around. I had pulled my undergarments off before I noticed she was watching me in the mirror she was facing.

"Sorry, Lacy," she said shamefully, and quickly looking down. I had never seen her so trepidated before. I glared at her before slipping on the blue thong and bra and then putting the robe over myself. 

I blew off the incident. "How do I look, Amy?"

She turned around. "Gorgeous."

"You don't think I look fat? I think I look-"

And she kissed me! She freakin' kissed me right there in the dressing room, while I'm standing there wearing practically nothing but a smile. Of course, I wasn't smiling when that happened. I quickly jumped back. "What the hell's wrong with you?!" I shouted.

"Keep it down, dear!" she said urgently. "I'm sorry. You're just..."

"Just... what?" I was so angry. Not that it had happened, but that I had noticed she was an excellent kisser, even if it had only lasted for a second. I was angry that I had enjoyed it, and she had done something that I enjoyed.

Her typical smile returned. "Are you going to try to tell me that you didn't like it?"

She knew I did. And it disgusted me; I was a little wet.

"Just let yourself go," Amy said, her words low and soothing. "Come on. You're curious, aren't you? So come on."

Justin had some porn of lesbians under the bed, among his collection. I had never gotten around to watching those. "I wouldn't know what to do."

"I'll show you."

Wasn't this considered cheating on Justin? Maybe not. We were, after all, just curious, right? Surely. Amy might have been crazy about sex, but she was the straightest person I knew. She liked to talk about penises. A lot.

Amy sensed that it was alright to go ahead, and she walked over to me and kissed me again. She slid her tongue inside my mouth, and licked my lips. She moved to my neck and sucked hard. I jerked away. "Don't."

"Why?"

"How would I explain a hicky to Justin?"

Amy just smiled her Amy-smile and just gently kissed on my neck. "We'll go slow," she whispered. "You're a newbie."

Amy put her hands on my tits and bounced them up and down. Having someone else do this for me was a whole different feeling. It tingled, and I had to close my eyes. Otherwise, I would have moaned out, and I didn't want to own up to the fact that she was incredibly "talented." I nearly lost my self-control, however, when she pulled the cups of my bra down under my breasts and began rubbing my tits. She rolled them around in her fingers, stretching them and pulling them gently. Then she brought her mouth down on my left nipple and began sucking it while still rubbing the other, and my satisfaction was no longer secret. I let out a sighing moan and let my head fall back. I was breathing heavily as she gently pulled on my nipple with the suction of her mouth and tenderly bit down on me. She then switched sides, seeming eager to please me.

I felt Amy's hand slid off my left nipple and find my drooling pussy. She slipped her finger through my folds outside my panties, and I groaned even more than before. "Shhh," she said. "I'm glad you're enjoying this, dear. But you can't be so loud. Someone will hear us. Alright?" I sighed out an okay, and she continued to explore my wet sex. I began rocking in rhythm with her fingers gliding around me. This in motion with her tongue still adventuring my hard nipple sent pulses through my entire body. I had never gone this far with anyone before. I had hardly pictured my first time being with another female.

Suddenly, without warning, her fingers were inside me. I threw my hand over my mouth to muffle my cry. She slid her fingers in and out of me, finding my g-spot easily, and caressing it with easy pressure that made my whole body quiver. "I have to sit down," I said between pants. I was feeling weak from the pleasure. As I sat on the bench in the room, she turned to her purse and pulled out a package. She stripped down to nothing, just as I had done. She threw her pink rhinestone thong to me, and I grabbed it like a savage animal and smelled it with all my might. Her sex smelled of sweat and feminism. 

I had laid my head back and closed my eyes. When I looked back up at her, she was standing in front of me with a contraption strapped to her waist; a dildo. I was too overwhelmed with the arousal of my own body to even ask what she was planning. My only thoughts were of that next sensation, and I didn't much care how I got it.

Amy kneeled in front of me and put her nose to my sex, inhaling deeply. "So sweet," she mumbled. She put her fingers back in me, and I again had to put my hand over my mouth. I still had her panties in my hand, and I moaned into them. She was patient; she waited until I had adjusted to one thing before moving onto another. After several moments, she proceeded to slip my thong off. She smelled of it, too, before tossing it to the side. She put the fingers she had had inside of me in her mouth and sucked them tenderly. After gathering up more of my wetness on her fingers, she brought them to my lips, and I kissed them, tasting the salts of myself. She slipped back inside of me, never breaking eye contact. And then, I couldn't contain myself anymore; she had brought her mouth down to my vagina, and was mercilessly sucking on my clit. I cried out, and she put her free hand over my mouth, shushing me. I couldn't stand it! Several minutes passed of her gently biting and sucking. Occasionally, she would lick me from the bottom of my sex to the top. Still fingering me alongside this was too much for my body to bear, and I let out a wonderful sigh that let her know I had gone as far I could go. My body was floating, as it always does, but this time, I felt warm all over. I collapsed back against the wall. 

Amy gave me a moment to rest. Breathing heavily, I said, "Did I do good?"

"Excellent, gorgeous," she said. "Now, come down here and lay down in the floor."

She wasn't done? I was far too sensitive to keep going. "I don't think I can do it."

"Yes, you can. I know you can. Come down."

She took my hand and gently pulled me to the ground, all the while ignoring my protests. It's not like she was raping me, not at all. I wanted it, but I really wasn't sure how I would hold up. I was so sensitive after an orgasm, I didn't even want to put my underwear back on. But she insisted, and when I was at home, I would go another round if I had the strength and willpower to do it. Now that someone else was doing it, I might be able to go through with take two. And if I did, I knew it would be fantastic.

Her strap-on was quite large; a good foot long, and a circumference of about six-ish inches. I took one last look at it before closing my eyes and lying my head back. Amy spread my weak legs for me, and laid on top of me. I felt her penetrate me, and I let out a meek cry; I was too enervated to do much else. I panted heavily, exhausted. It didn't hurt; it was just like what I had done at home, the same feeling, multiplied by ten because of just having had an orgasm. My breathing was so heavy; every inch of my body seemed to be quivering in pleasure. It was so much to bear! Amy slid in and out of me, slow at first, and then speeding up. I didn't know how I was going to handle much more. Waves of pain and pleasure pulsed through my oversensitive body.

And then, there it was; the most mind-blowing orgasm I had ever experienced. I couldn't keep silent, and I didn't care who heard me. Amy tried to put her hand over my mouth, but to no avail. I cried out in pain as the bliss carried me into a alternate being. I wasn't in my own body anymore. I couldn't even feel my body. Slowly, a warmth fell over me, and I returned to a physical state. My whole body was numb, and I was dizzy and faint. Amy must've had an orgasm too, because she was leaning up against the bench I had earlier sat on and was panting, too; just much lighter than I was. 

We both jumped when we heard a knock on the door. "Is everything alright? Do you need another size?"

Had someone heard us?

Amy easily muffled her difficulty breathing and replied, "We're fine. We had a little trouble... figuring out how it went on. We'll be out soon."

As soon as her steps had faded out of the room, Amy laid down next to me. She kissed me on the forehead and said, "Well done, baby."