 I was all alone on a Friday night. The guy I am currently fucking was out of town visiting relatives and I was house sitting for him. Well – as girls often do when left alone, I had just stepped out of a very hot bath and was looking forward to some time alone with my vibrator.  

I toweled off and padded into the computer room thinking I might look at some internet porn or something. I quickly found some really good lesbian porn action and could feel my pussy starting to drip. Just as I got comfy and slipped my finger into my hot cunt – there was a knock at the door. It was way too late to be a neighbor, so I was curious as to whom it might be.  I jumped up and grabbed the towel I had thrown on the floor. I went to the front door intending only on glancing out the peep hole to see who it was. I nearly climaxed right there when I saw what was standing on the porch. 

I couldn’t make out her face but she was dressed like something out of a porno movie. High heels, really tight jeans – a sheer red shirt that showed her perfect nipples straining against the fabric. Her long brown hair fell over one eye. The eye that wasn’t hidden behind the wall of chestnut waves was staring right at the peephole. This girl KNEW I was watching her. Not knowing what else to do, I wrapped the towel around myself and opened the door. 

She tossed her hair behind her perfect shoulder as I flipped the porch light on. It was then I realized that I knew her! Libby and I had once been asked to leave a bar for being half naked on a pool table about to have sex. I had taken her back to my friend’s house intending on violating her every way she could have imagined, but forces worked against us and we were never able to finish what we had started at the bar. 

I never expected to see her again, and here she was – standing at the door! Not really sure why she was there – I asked her if everything was ok. 

“Everything is fine … I just realized I was in the neighborhood and thought I’d stop by and say hello” she said. 

I invited her in, apologizing for my lack of clothing.  

“That’s quite alright,” she said, “you look much more comfortable than I am. As a matter of fact – do you mind if I borrow a towel too?”  

Being the hospitable host that I am, I quickly retrieved a towel from the bathroom. As I walked back into the room – I noticed she was holding something quite familiar - My vibrator. I had left it sitting on the computer desk. As I tried to stammer out an apology, she laughed quietly. 

“Looks like you and I had the same thing in mind” she stated. 

“Maybe we could help each other out.” I replied while trying to hold back the excitement in my voice. 

I could feel my pussy juices start to drip down the inside of my thigh as she started removing her clothing. She took the towel from me and said, “Mind if I borrow your shower?” 

I led her into the bathroom and as she stepped out of her jeans and into the shower she looked back over her shoulder and asked if I planned on joining her. Now – I’m all about getting all soapy together – but this particular shower had an obvious one person limit. She sensed my hesitation and laughed a husky laugh deep from her throat. 

My thighs trembled a little at the sound of her sexy laugh and before I knew it – we were pussy to pussy in the tiny shower stall. She reached down and cupped my ass with both her hands as I ran my fingers through her long dark hair.  I decided to take control as I asked her, “How would you like my tongue flicking your clit?” 

She moaned softly and I thought for a minute she would say “no” but her pussy betrayed her thoughts as she thrust her hips to meet mine. I dropped to my knees in the shower and immediately thrust my tongue all the way inside her hot, tight, juicy pussy. I felt her tremble as she took all of me inside her. It was a tight fit with the two of us in the shower – but we were certainly making the most of it. She grabbed my hair with her hands as my tongue thrust in and out of her.  I had one hand on her clit and one hand on mine as I did my best to bring us both to the point of climax. 

The hot water streaming from the shower head was mixing with the hot cum seeping from her pussy and the sight of that milky mixture running down the inside of her leg was enough to bring anyone to the point of orgasm. I couldn’t help myself as I withdrew my tongue from her ripe pussy and slowly ran my tongue all the way down her leg and back up again. 

“How does it taste?” She asked.

“Exactly like a woman should,” I replied, “Sweet and hot with a little nasty mixed in.”

She laughed that laugh again as she pulled me up to a standing position again in the tiny shower stall. She pushed me against the back wall making the shower blast me with steamy hot water. She leaned over and started sucking on my tits. I groaned as her teeth grazed the outer rim of my aching nipple. I was so focused on the desire encompassing my entire body that it caught me off guard when she shoved her fingers inside me. 

I screamed with pleasure at the brutal jabbing of her fingers in and out of my box. She had her teeth firmly planted around one of my nipples while she finger fucked me hard in that tiny shower. Because of the cramped quarters we were sharing, there was no way for me to pleasure her at the same time – so I did what came natural to me. I wrapped her long hair around my hands and prayed that my trembling legs would be able to hold me up through the monster orgasm that was building deep inside the walls of my pussy. 

She sensed that my legs were about to give out and she stood up again. She pressed her hip bones into mine and kissed me. Our tongues playfully circled each other and I let her take control, knowing that she was tasting her own pussy juices in my mouth. She moaned softly as her mouth opened wider against mine. I had my hands on her ass and she cupped my face with both of her hands as her kissing became more urgent. I could tell that she needed me to fuck her hard. And soon. 

I pushed her away from me and reached to turn the shower off. 

“What are you doing?” She asked as she struggled to catch her breath. 

“We’re nice and clean now from the shower,” I replied, “Now it’s time to go get dirty.” 

I stepped out of the shower and retrieved my towel. I tossed her a towel and told her to follow me. As I walked right past the bed in the bedroom – she asked me where I was going.

“Just trust me,” I said. 

She followed me into the computer room and I pushed her down into the chair in front of the computer. 

“Are we going to watch some porn?” She asked. 

“No Libby - we are going to make our own.” I replied as I reached over her and turned the web cam on. 

She giggled nervously as our wet, naked bodies filled the computer screen. I aimed the camera right at the chair and clicked record. 

I quickly straddled her as her eyes got wide at the sight of us on the screen. I could tell this was new to her and I was going to have to distract her from the camera. I pulled her face to mine, ran just the tip of my tongue across her perfect pouty lips and asked her, “Are you ready to fuck?” 

She immediately forgot the camera and replied with a raspy voice, “Yes. Please. Please Fuck me.” 

I moved the chair back from the desk a little and placed her feet along side the camera. I knelt down in front of the chair. The screen filled with the back of my head as I leaned down to eat her pussy. She was wet and ready to cum. After just a few moments of me working her clit and finger fucking her she was screaming to God while her hips moved rhythmically with my tongue. As her first orgasm hit, I felt her thighs squeezing the sides of my head as a rush of her sweet cum flooded my mouth and face. The walls of her pussy were contracting so hard I thought my fingers would break. 

She collapsed back into the chair and struggled to regain her breath. Then she leaned over to me still kneeling on the floor in front of her and kissed me again on the mouth, tasting herself on my tongue. 

She quickly recovered and took control. 

“Now – it’s your turn to cum,” she said, “and I know just how to do it.” 

I willingly turned myself over to her.

She reached over and moved the web cam that was still capturing every moment of our encounter to the corner of the desk. She told me to stand and then she grabbed me by the shoulders and turned me around. She forced me to bend over across the desk. 

I glanced at the computer screen and saw that she had angled the camera just right so that you could see right inside my pussy. The angle was exact so that when she knelt down behind me and slid her tongue into my pussy, the screen showed the perfect shot of her tongue working my cunt. I was impressed with her artistry. 

I quickly forgot about that as she really began working my pussy with her tongue. I was bent over, lying on the desk on my stomach. My legs trembled as she brought me quickly to the brink of orgasm. I could feel how intense it was going to be and I frantically searched for something to hold onto. I grabbed sides of the desk as her hands spread my ass cheeks, giving her more room to work my pussy. I was so wet that I knew her face must have been covered in my juices. I hoped the lighting in the room was good enough to capture all of it. I was relishing the experience and could feel my orgasm rising to the top. She rammed her tongue deep inside me over and over again. I had no idea that a tongue alone could be that fulfilling. Her fingers dug into my ass cheeks as I gave myself over to the waves of pleasure that were dangerously close to making me collapse. I was glad I had the foresight to hang on to the desk. My orgasm ravaged every part of my body and just went on and on. I had screamed out right as it happened and she held me up and happily drank every drop of the cream that rushed out of my pussy. 

We held that position for a moment as I tried to stop the shaking and she caught her breath with her face resting against my ass. I rolled over onto my back on the desk and she crawled up next to me. We lay together in the mess we had made for a moment. 

After we recovered, she leaned over to me and asked softly, “Is that camera still rolling?” 

“Yes,” I replied, “Do you want me to turn it off?” 

“No – I want to finish the porn we started making,” she said. 

She got up and left the room for a moment. When she returned she had something behind her back. She instructed me to line the chair up in front of the camera again. I did so and she told me to sit. After I had taken a seat, naked in front of the camera, she crossed the room and sat down next to me in the chair. The two of us, side by side in the chair was quite a cozy fit – but it made a beautiful image on the screen. It was then that I realized what it was she was holding. 

She had retrieved my vibrator from earlier and had another one as well. 

“Hope you don’t mind,” she said, “But I just happened to have one too.”

I quickly picked up on her plan and could feel the pressure in my pussy build at the anticipation. 

We leaned toward each other and started kissing. My hand stroked her breast as she ran her fingers through my hair. After a few moments of heavy petting – it was time. We both shifted our positions just slightly and looked right at the camera. We turned on our vibrators and slowly, in perfect unison, began fucking ourselves. Watching ourselves on camera just helped build the excitement. Before too long we were both arching our backs and whimpering at the intense vibrations ravaging our insides. 

Without a word to each other we were moving our vibrators in perfect harmony as we shared the chair and the camera. We realized what we were doing and we tore our eyes away from the camera and looked at each other. The intensity of the pulsating device being rammed in and out of my pussy combined with looking into her huge dark eyes was enough to almost put me over the edge. I quietly reached over and began working her clit. She gasped at the added pleasure and quickly returned the favor. 

I glanced at the computer screen and saw our reflections. We had our legs draped over each other as we rode our respective vibrators. Our hands and minds were both occupied as our moans of pleasure quickly escalated into screams of ecstasy. We both turned towards the camera again and maintained the perfect syncopation of fucking that came so naturally to us. As we thrust the vibrators in and out we furiously worked each others clits. I felt my back arch and my orgasm rising. I glanced again at the computer screen to see her actions duplicating mine. 

“Let’s cum together,” She panted.

“I don’t think we have a choice,” I moaned, as I furiously moved the vibrator in and out of my pussy. 

I heard Libby pant, “I’m about to cum!” Just as my own orgasm rose to the surface. 

We both stared directly at the camera and watched ourselves explode into perfect convulsions in unison. The sight of the two of us sharing the same chair, masturbating on video together was too much for me as the intensity of my orgasm filled my entire body. I thought I was going to lose consciousness for a moment. My pussy walls were still shaking a few minutes later when I finally opened my eyes. I glanced over at Libby who was still mirroring my posture completely. She struggled to open her eyes as well. 

I reached over and finally turned the web cam off. I picked up my trusty towel and covered ourselves as we took a small pleasure nap in the chair. 

When she got up to leave later, she thanked me for a nice evening. 

As she opened the door, she looked back over her shoulder and said “Maybe next time I stop by – you won’t be home alone.” 

I felt my pussy dampen at the thought as I watched her walk away. Even if I never see her again – I still have the video.