 As she felt the silky material slide across her body and the cold wind hit her nipples, the small buds growing hard instantly Daisy rolled her eyes and pushed Hayley's narrow shoulders back. "Seriously? Fuck off..." Daisy sighed out, reaching to tie her robe again. 

Hayley narrowed her eyes at that and she reached out, moving her small hands over Daisy's smooth hips, able to smell the delicate but heady scent of her vanilla moisturiser. One of the things that Hayley had always loved about Daisy was that she always smelt amazing, never really using perfumes but essential oils that mixed perfectly with a smell that was so uniquely her. Leaning in she breathed in the smell of her shower fresh skin and kissed just below her ear. "Let's not... pretend we don't know what's going to happen..." Hayley murmured, the glow of the street light outside illuminating both their bodies through the Tiffany glass in the door. 

Daisy's jaw tensed firmly as she let out a heavy sigh, hating how she could feel her heart racing just having Hayley this close again. "You're such a bitch." Daisy breathed out, hating how she shook just feeling Hayley's warm breath on her neck. With her neighbours front door in front of them, a flimsy plywood that separated the two flats from one another she was careful to keep her voice down, not wanting to wake them and make them come out and find her out there like this. 

"A bitch you have never been able to get enough of," Hayley smirked, sliding her fingertips slowly over the nape of her neck, slowly down over her breast and to her pubic bone, smirking to herself as she watched Daisy's body rise in goose pimples at her touch. "...and never will." Hayley added as she dragged her thumb slowly down until she was sliding her fingers over her lips. "Ooo... what's this?" she said, pressing her body firmly against Daisy's to hold her in place as she found the warm wetness between her legs. "I know you're a little slut who can get wet for me right away but this..." Hayley murmured, smiling at her as she kissed behind her ear. "...this is come isn't it? You came home and fucked yourself didn't you?" 

Daisy bit into her lip, her eyes sinking shut as she breathed out slowly, loving the feel of Hayley's fingers touching her so delicately, just enough to be felt but leaving her keening for more. Despite her brain screaming to tell Hayley to go back to her creepy boyfriend she parted her legs just a little more, allowing her a little more access, her own hands itching to undress her. 

"Hey - hey..." Hayley smiled and nipped her ear lobe as her fingers pressed deep inside her, feeling her own body starting to react as she felt that tight wet heat around her fingers. "Answer me slut." 

"I - yes. I got off... so what?" Daisy said quickly, letting out a breath as she felt Hayley's fingers sinking deep inside her and starting to fuck her slowly, fingers curling just lightly every now and then to drag against her walls making Daisy shake. 

Hayley tutted softly as her tongue slid slowly over the curve of her earlobe only to suck on it lightly. "Attitude... gosh. You would think you didn't come..." Hayley chuckled darkly, reaching behind her to give her ass a spank as she sank lower, ignoring her tits and kissing down from her belly button as her free hand slid over her shapely thighs. "Mmmm fucking love your body." Hayley murmured as she nuzzled between her legs.

"Hey - hey - not here." Daisy said quickly, looking around in the dim hallway. "Lou will come home anytime... the neighbours-" she began only to gasp when she felt Hayley's tongue start to lazily drag over the very tip of her clit. "Fuck.." she murmured softly, trying to grip the wall but her hands just slid across it. "Hayles..." 

"The nighbours might hear you..." Hayley said with a smile, punctuating each word with a lazy swipe of her tongue, her fingers still pushing slowly inside her. 

Daisy shook her head and tried to move away but Hayley freed her hand from inside her and pressed her hips firmly against the wall. Looking up from between her legs she smiled, her candy floss hair falling into her face.

"Stay still. Just keep quiet..." Hayley murmured with a smirk, knowing Daisy had always been vocal in bed. Dipping her head down she dragged her tongue around her clit, working it in slow circles as she held onto her hips, her soaking wet fingers sliding over her hip bone as she gripped them tight. Keeping Daisy pinned to the wall she duck her head lower, sliding her tongue through her wetness only to moan out when she could taste her, taste the orgasm she had had earlier. "Mmm baby." she murmured against her lips as she pressed her tongue inside of her, dragging it around her tight entrance only to start to fuck her with it. 

Feeling Daisy's juices slipping into her mouth Hayley just sucked it up, loving to feel her pleasure and excitement slipping down her throat. Sliding her fingers back down, dragging her wetness across Daisy's thighs she replaced her tongue with them, starting to fuck her firm and steady with them as she suckled on her little lips, her teeth grazing over them lightly as she heard Daisy gasp in pleasure and moan out. Slapping Daisy's thigh to keep quiet, Hayley worked her clit with her tongue once more, tipping her eyes up to watch Daisy as she enjoyed licking out her pussy. Daisy's pale skin was flushed, her nipples hard and Daisy's head tipped back against the wall, her eyes clenched shut. 

Hayley had always loved to watch her come and as she started to move her fingers faster inside her she could feel Daisy's walls starting to clench around her. Tipping her head back down she licked around her clit and then started to suck on it, letting her teeth just lightly graze it every now and then, feeling Daisy's walls clench tight in reaction. 

"Fuck yes..." Daisy moaned out as she pressed her hips forward, pressing her pussy into Hayley's mouth. Reaching down she pushed her fingers through her soft hair and gripped the strands tight and pulling on it a little. "mmm yeah baby..." she moaned out, forgetting about keeping quiet as she just relished the feeling of her mouth on her pussy, working her clit perfectly and keeping her insides tingling with her skilled fingertips. Rocking her hips as she felt herself getting closer she let out a string of moans, her fingernails still clawing at the wall for something to grab only to pull Hayley's hair with the other hand as her thighs began to tremble. 

Hayley could feel Daisy getting closer, heard those curses and knew from the way her walls were hugging her fingers so tight making it hard to even push them inside her that she was going to come. Hayley worked her tongue in tight little circles on her clit, loving the soft breathy moans and yet just when she knew Daisy would come she leaned back. Sitting back on her heels she slid her fingertips lazily over her hip bone and along the curve of her waist. 

Daisy's eyes shot open, her chest heaving, so close to finishing and yet there was nothing but cold air on her body now. "What - what the fuck?" Daisy blinked, hissing the words out. 

"No." Hayley said with a smile, making a show of licking her wet lips and then wiping her chin with the back of her hand. "You're so wet baby..." she smiled only to bring her hand down and spank her ass hard. 

"What do you mean no?" Daisy asked with a soft whine. "Don't - don't - just -"

"Just what?" Hayley asked, her dark blue eyes locked on Daisy's brown ones. "Say it." 

"Make me come." Daisy said softly, the words hushed. 

"What do you say?" Hayley asked, just letting her hands move lazily over her thighs, leaning close so Daisy would feel her hot breath on her skin but not doing anything about it. 

Rolling her eyes Daisy knew that if her cheeks weren't already flushed with colour she would be blushing hard. "Please. Please make me come Hayley." Daisy murmured softly, biting into the corner of her lip as she just lightly stroked Hayley's hair, fantasising about just gripping the back of it and pushing her face into her pussy but she knew she never would. 

"No." Hayley laughed and pulled back, sitting back against the hallway wall. "Finish yourself for me..."

Daisy's jaw dropped at that and she was going to protest but when Hayley had that nasty little smirk on her face she knew it was pointless. Swallowing thickly she couldn't deny the way her body flooded with adrenaline just at the idea. Sliding her hand over her stomach slowly she closed her eyes, moving her fingers over her clit for the second time that night. 

"No." Hayley murmured. "Open your eyes. Look at me... you're fucking yourself in your hallway for me... don't pretend you're not... little slut." Hayley smiled. 

Daisy flipped her off and yet despite the hesitance she locked eyes with Hayley, a small part of her loving that Hayley was here with her instead of with her boyfriend. That Hayley wanted to watch her instead of him. Licking her lips quick she plunged her fingers inside herself, moaning out as she started to fuck her pussy with her fingers, leaning back against the wall so that Hayley had a better view of her. Working her fingers quickly she moaned out, forgetting about the neighbours now that her orgasm was so close. 

Hayley watched Daisy and part of her wanted to 'aw' and the other just wanted to fuck her. Daisy could be so innocent and sweet and yet now, arched in front of her, her fingers fucking her pussy the way she loved, the way her sexy little mouth parted just a little and her big tits rocked with her motions she looked nothing but pure sex. Hearing a taxi pull up outside Hayley didn't look away but she saw Daisy go still, the fear clear on her face. "Don't stop..." Hayley ordered, reaching forward and pushing her hand back inside herself as they heard voices coming closer. "Make yourself come now... or you're not going to." Hayley said and spanked her ass hard. 

"What if they come in? What if it's Lou?"

"Then she will see you like she's never seen you before." Hayley smiled and kissed her hip bone. 

Daisy could feel the weight of Hayley's eyes on her and she couldn't help but want to keep those eyes on her. "Fuck," she breathed out and she parted her legs a little wider still, fucking her pussy hard and she could feel her wetness as she curled her fingers, crying out as she felt that rush, her whole body starting to tingle and shake again. Her hips snapped to meet her fingers as she cried out, moaning Hayley's name as she came hard. 

Watching Daisy's body be overtaken by orgasm Hayley could feel her own panties soaking through. Daisy was consumed with lust and arousal as she came and before she could even pull her fingers free Hayley was back on her feet, shoving her through the door and kicking the flat front door closed behind her. Ushering her up the stairs and into her bedroom Hayley pulled her close and kissed her hair. Fisting her dark hair she held her close as she kissed her bruisingly hard. "Do you know how fucking sexy you are?" Hayley moaned against her lips. 

Feeling almost dizzy from her orgasm Daisy's hands moved over the t-shirt Hayley was wearing, bunching the soft cotton up around her waist. Sliding her fingers over the soft skin of her stomach, Daisy tried to inch the material higher. 

"So eager." Hayley laughed softly, cupping her cheeks and kissing her deeply, pushing her tongue into her mouth. 

Daisy kissed her back, tasting herself on Hayley's tongue and it only made her more eager to get her undressed. Pulling back she pulled the t-shirt off of her and tossed it to the side, dipping her lips down to kiss along her shoulder to the pale green bar strap that she let slip off of her slender shoulder as her hands slipped over the push up bra she was wearing. Trying to feel her through the gel Daisy groaned softly, shaking her head. "So fucking stupid." she murmured, sliding her fingers along the waistband of the bra, unhooking it in one go and letting it drop, Hayley's small, perky breasts finally being revealed to her. Daisy dipped her head down and sucked her nipple into her mouth, rolling her tongue around it only to work the bud eagerly. 

Hayley laughed a little breathlessly. "We don't all have double D tits..." 

"Still fucking perfect." Daisy murmured, her fingers sliding over her stomach to her jeans, opening the button and then slowly pushing the zipper down. Leaning over to her other breast Daisy worked her wet nipple with her free hand, running the soft pad of her thumb over her hard nipple as she sucked slowly on her other breast. 

"Mmm baby... yes..." Hayley moaned out, her eyes sinking closed as she savoured the feel of Daisy's hot mouth on her. 

Daisy smiled at the sound of her moans, wanting to hear her scream and so she undid the tough denim and peeled the skinny jeans from her thighs, pushing them down as her lips moved lower, down over her stomach and to the line of her panties. Daisy could see the dampness showing through the light cotton and she smiled, ducking her head down to mouth her through her underwear. 

Hayley smiled as she felt Daisy's lips working her through the material but she pushed her head back. "On the bed..." Hayley murmured. 

Moving off of her knees Daisy lay out on the bed, her eyes moving over Hayley's body hungrily. She was so petite and perfectly formed she was almost like a doll, her small but perky tits complimenting her bony hips. Daisy watched as Hayley slid her fingers into the hips of her panties and pushed the soft material from her body, her panties slipping down her skinny thighs and dropping at her ankles. "Wow." Daisy breathed out softly, laughing at how ridiculously turned on she felt. 

Hayley rolled her eyes as she crossed the small distance between them, straddling her chest and taking both of Daisy's nipples between her fingers and pinching and tugging them lightly, knowing how much this drove her wild. "You.. are so fucking sexy." Hayley said, looking down at her, loving to watch Daisy squirm between her legs. "...and I love watching you fuck that pretty little pussy of yours for me..." Hayley murmured as she swallowed thickly, Daisy's breathy moans like music to her ears as she crawled up her body and straddled her face. Reaching down she took hold of Daisy's hair and pulled her face up to meet her soaking wet pussy. 

"Make me come." she said with a smile, moaning out loudly when Daisy buried her face in her pussy and started to go to town. Keeping a firm hold of her hair, Hayley slowly sat down on Daisy's face, pressing it down into the bed as she rocked her hips, loving the way Daisy's tongue moved swift but firm all over her more delicate areas, making her shake right away. 

Daisy felt Hayley's weight on top of her and she slid her hands over the tops of her hips and to her thighs, guiding her where she needed to be. Taking a deep breath she dipped her tongue into the pool of her wetness and dragged it slow up to her tip only to work it with quick, light laps of her tongue, smiling inwardly when she heard Hayley's moans. Hayley pushed her pussy down towards her mouth and Daisy accepted it gratefully as she dragged her tongue around Hayley's clit and then rolled her lips over it. Daisy rocked her face back and forth between her clit and her entrance, licking up her juices as she went, feeling Hayley's hips starting to jerk a little more as she slid her hands up to cup her little breasts, rolling her nipples beneath her thumbs as her fingers splayed across the soft flesh of her tits. 

"Yes... baby eat my pussy... I know that's what you've been wanting." Hayley moaned out loudly, pulling Daisy's hair roughly to pull her face closer to her pussy. "Mmm fuck I'm gonna come so good baby..." Hayley cried out, her back arching into a perfect 'c' as she ground her pussy down onto Daisy's tongue. 

Daisy panted softly as she worked her tongue firmly over her clit, feeling her face getting wetter as Hayley got closer. Suckling lightly on her lips she plunged her tongue inside her when she knew Hayley needed it and started to fuck with it, feeling her body starting to contort and clench as she came. 

Hayley cried out loudly, her head tipped back as she rode Daisy's face until she came. "God yes... so good..." she moaned out, her fingers dropping out of Daisy's hair only to flop backwards on the bed next to Daisy, her fingers dragging lazily over her hip, both laying in opposite directions. "Go clean yourself up you whore..." Hayley teased. 

Daisy flipped her off but sat up, leaning over her and kissing her deeply, the taste of both of them mingling between their mouths. "Yes ma'm." she teased in an American accent. Moving off the bed she ruffled Hayley's hair softly and went off to the bathroom, the door closing behind her. 

Hayley watched Daisy go and then sat up, quickly re-dressing as she grabbed her phone and ordered an Uber. Ordering it for the High Road she listened for the tap and then quickly crept down the stairs, closing the door quietly behind her before disappearing into the night. 

Walking out of the bathroom naked Daisy smiled to herself, her body still tingling with pleasure. "Hey.. so what was all that shit in the bath-" she began only to stop when she just saw the rumpled sheets on her bed instead of the woman she had left there. Taking a deep breath she clenched her jaw tight, her hands clenching to fists as she let out a frustrated sound, choosing to focus more on the anger than the hurt. Hearing a key turn in the door her spirits lifted for a moment only to realise it couldn't be Hayley. Closing her bedroom door quickly so Louise wouldn't see her there naked she slumped back against the wall, her head tipping back against the wood. "Fucking bitch..." Daisy said softly, shaking her head and went to reach for her phone but instead just got back into the door, absently hearing the sound of Louise getting fucked through the thin bedroom walls.