 I would just like to say thank you to all of you have voted and commented on the two previous chapters of this story! Your feedback keeps me writing and updating this story so regularly. 

I hope you are all enjoying this story and if you have any ideas of what you'd like to see I'm happy to take ideas on board! 

Thank you once again and I hope you enjoy!

*****

Louise walked down the street, a little sway in her step as she held onto the gold chain strap of her bag, her Isabel Marant black trainers crunching the leaves beneath her feet with each step. It was a cold night, dark clouds hiding the moon from view leaving only the street lights to guide her home. Somehow, a 'quick drink after work' had turned into bar hopping through Hoxton and now it was two in the morning and she had to be in work in just a few hours. Opening the front gate she was rooting through her small bag for her keys when she heard a soft sniffling. "Who's there?!" she said quickly, rooting for her keys and turning the little torch on quickly, her heart racing only to stop when she saw the petite girl curled up on her doorstep. "Ugh. What the fuck are you doing here? What's - why? Why? I thought we were rid of you..." Louise murmured as she tried to step around the girl only to jump when she grabbed hold of her leg. 

"I need to see Daisy - where is she?" Hayley murmured, wiping the tears from her face with one hand, sniffling softly as she turned to face her. 

"I don't know? I haven't been in. Maybe she's at Eleanor's?" Louise said with a shrug of her shoulder. "None of your business any more anyway." 

"I - you don't understand." Hayley said softly, her breath fogging in the cold night air. "We - I need to see her." 

Louise's jaw clenched tightly and she let out a slow breath, the alcohol thankfully still keeping her warm as she reached down and grabbed Hayley by the arm and yanked her to stand. "No. Listen here girly..." Louise said as she pressed her up against the doorway. "You are the one who doesn't understand." Louise said, her eyes narrowing as she looked into Hayley's eyes, knowing they were usually such a nice colour of blue but in this dim light they looked completely black, almost demonic. Louise couldn't help but feel that it suited her better. "You need to stay the fuck away from my friend. You broke up with her - you're the one riding some poor boys dick now. You broke her heart and now you need to step the fuck off. When you were together? I had to be nice to you. I bit my tongue. Now?" Louise shook her head and shoved her out of the porch. "If I see you around here again?"

"What?" Hayley asked, her eyes narrowing. "What the fuck will you do you skinny bitch?" she asked softly. "I made a mistake okay? I need to get her back." 

"Have you broken up with that boy?" Louise asked curiously, the cold air starting to chill her legs which were only covered by a pair of stockings and a muted leopard print skirt. 

"No but -" 

"But no buts. Fuck off and leave her alone. She deserves a lot better than you." Louise said with a sigh, shaking her head. "I feel sorry for you... you're blatantly a lezza and you just don't want to rock your family boat... but just leave Daisy out of it." Louise said and turned her back on Hayley, letting herself into the flat and closing the door after herself only to pointedly bolt the door behind her. 

Daisy had never been to a gay club in her life. She hadn't avoided them per se, but had just never had an inclination to go. While a lot of her gay friends went there to meet other women, Daisy had always been lucky enough to meet partners in everyday situations and so had never needed to explore the queer arena in that way. She had come home mid week after spending the night at her best friends house only to have Louise accost her and beg her to go out with her that weekend in Soho. As usual Daisy worried over what to wear, wondering if there was some sort of dress code for these sorts of nights. Switching through a few different outfits she eventually slid on a pair of leather leggings, a thin white baggy t-shirt that slipped off of her shoulder and then a pair of high heels. It seemed a little less femme than she would normally go with but it was freezing outside so at least she wouldn't die of hypothermia. 

Walking into the club Daisy looked around curiously, eyeing the different women there, realising for once she didn't have to wonder if an attractive woman was gay or straight. 

"Oh my god that girl is fucking beautiful!" Louise said, shaking her head in disbelief. 

"Why do you seem so surprised?" Daisy laughed as she made her way to the bar, getting them both a cocktail and smiling to herself when she saw the bar maid eyeing her up. 

"Well... no offence... but lesbians are usually like..." Louise trailed off as her gaze was stolen by a petite red head walking through the club in just a tiny skirt and nipple pasties. "Wow... her body..." 

"Are usually like?" Daisy pressed, ready to roll her eyes as she waited for the answer she knew was coming. 

Louise snapped her eyes back to her and she shrugged. "I don't know. Gross? Manly? Like. Manly but without the dick so what's the point." 

"Offensive." Daisy said and nudged her gently.

"Not you... you're smoking. You're a ten on anyone's scale. But be fair... a lot of the real lezzas are pushing at a four and that's in the dark." Louise murmured and sipped her cocktail. "Ohhh the music here is great... Kylieee.." 

Daisy rolled her eyes at that, knowing that there really was no point trying to change her friends black and white mindset. "Let's dance?" Daisy murmured, taking hold of her hand and wandering onto the dance floor. Buying shots off of one of the girls walking around with a sash full of tube shots they knocked them back and danced their asses off, enjoying the cheesy music. 

Daisy was drunk, drunker than she could remember being in a long time and it felt great. After a stressful week at work she just wanted to kick back and relax, let her mind float away and enjoy herself. Her card was behind the bar and the drinks were flowing and somehow she had wound up by herself. Glancing around she saw Louise up on the stage in what appeared to be a dentist chair, two busty women in nurses unforms leaning over her and pouring spirits into her mouth only to spin her around, stop her and pour more. 

Daisy was about to leave the dance floor and head to the bar when she heard the beginning of 'stay the night' start to pound over the speakers and she smiled to herself, having been listening to this song at Spin earlier in the week and it always pumped her up. Sliding her hands above her head at the drop she rocked her hips, her t-shirt slipping lower down as she closed her eyes, her dark hair swishing around her as she moved her body to the music. The tight leather cupped her ass perfectly as it worked to the music in time with the beat. As she moved she felt a pair of delicate hands slip over her hips and start to move with her and assuming that it was Louise she pressed back against her. "Are you gonna stay the night - doesn't mean we're bound for life - oh oh oh oh are you gonna stay the night!" she sang with a smile, turning around and taking her hands only to realise it wasn't Louise.

"I'd love to!" The woman shouted over the music, her painted pink lips spreading into a smile as she met Daisy's eyes. 

Daisy was about to break away, tell her it was a mistake but as she eyed the blonde quickly, caught sight of her ample bosom she didn't see the harm in one dance. Holding onto her hands they danced and twirled to the music, laughing as they nearly bumped into a group of girls out together. Laughing and holding each others eyes Daisy smiled to herself, feeling this woman's eyes moving over her and she felt free to do the same, eyeing her narrow waist and full hips and how short the hemline of her dress was, letting Daisy admire her tanned legs. 

"Drink?!" she shouted over the music once the song ended and something unfamiliar replaced it. 

Rather than answer with words the woman simply laced their fingers and pulled her along to the bar. "What're you drinking?" she asked, leaning in close, her body pressing tight against Daisy's in order to be heard, her hand sliding over the small of her back and touching the thin strip of skin that was bare between Daisy's top and bottoms. 

"Uhh an old fashioned would be lovely thanks," Daisy smiled and watched as the bar maid made up their drinks. "What's your name?" 

"Emily." she murmured with a smile, her eyes glancing at the hint of cleavage that Daisy had on show. "I thought that girl up there was your girlfriend..." 

"No, I'm single..." Daisy said with a smile, thanking the bar maid when they were given their drinks. Leaning against the bar she clinked her glass against Emily's and then took a slow sip, enjoying the burn of the bourbon at the back of her throat. "Are you?" she asked with a small, shy smile. 

"No. I'm actually in a relationship," Emily admitted with a smile. "But we're open... she's in a bar down the road... it's our open night." 

"Oh." Daisy nodded, her eyebrows raising at that. "I - how does that work exactly?" 

"Well, every couple has rules... but we just say what goes on in the club stays in the club." Emily said with a shrug as she sipped her own cocktail, her fingertips sliding along the hem of Daisy's top slowly. "I've - well I've had my eye on you all night."

Daisy nodded at that, feeling her heart start to race and for some reason feeling a little embarrassed and awkward. While Daisy was no stranger to sex, being picked up so brazenly was definitely something new to her. A small part of her told her it wasn't right, that she should politely excuse herself and walk away as this 'wasn't her' but then who was to say what wasn't her? "Yeah?" Daisy smiled. "Why?" 

"Your tits look amazing... and you've got an amazing ass... you're just my type." Emily admitted with a soft laugh. "Please tell me if I'm coming on too strong, or if you're not into it... I'm not trying to be predatory here.. when you walked in you looked a little like Bambi. A really, really sexy Bambi. As weird as that sounds." 

Starting to laugh at that Daisy rolled her eyes and bit into her lip. "A sexy bambi... wow... well that's a new one." Daisy murmured as she turned to lean into Emily, still debating what her next move should be as she pressed her hips to Emily's and leaned in to kiss her slowly, her hand cold from her glass sliding over her cheek bone and pressing into her hair as she started to deepen it, sliding her tongue over her lower lip only to cup her hip and pull her close. 

Emily had half expected Daisy to walk away but when she kissed her like that, she felt as if her knees were going to go weak. Daisy's fingers sliding over her scalp and down over the nape of her neck making her wet. "I - fuck," she breathed out, feeling like she had lost her breath when she broke the kiss for air. Looking at Daisy she saw her dark eyes locked on her and she knew she had to fuck this girl. "Come with me..." she murmured, pulling Daisy through the crowd to the bathrooms. 

Following after her Daisy smiled to herself, her chest tightening as they disappeared inside the bathrooms, finding the disabled stall. Daisy was just locking it behind them when Emily was pinning her to it, her fingers nimbly opening her trousers, sliding her hands around Daisy's shapely thighs as she did so. Daisy bit into her lip and moved her hands to Emily's ass, giving it a squeeze and pulling her close as they kissed passionately, both trying to take the lead which just led to them laughing between kisses as they both tried to undress one another. 

"Bambi..." Emily eventually said, looking into her eyes as she took a half step back. "Let me have you." she murmured with a little smirk as she nipped at Daisy's lower lip. 

Daisy laughed softly and shook her head at that, though the very idea turned her on more than she would admit. Moving her fingers up her inner thigh she smiled as she felt Emily shiver as she got closer to her sex. Dragging her fingers over the thin material of her knickers she could feel her wetness through it, smiling to herself. "Emily... you're so wet..." Daisy murmured as she lightly teased her clit through the material, feeling Emily pressing down to try and get firmer friction. Pushing her blonde hair off of her shoulders Daisy kissed below her ear and down over her neck, sucking lazily at her collar bone as her fingers moved beneath her underwear and pressed straight into her wet pussy. "Oh - mmmm... I'm - I have to taste that..." Daisy moaned out.  

Pushing Emily away from her Daisy held Emily eyes as she reached behind her and unzipped her dress, letting her fingers slide down over her spine as she did so and then pulled her pink satin dress from her body, leaving her in a black strapless bra and a matching thong. Kissing over the cups of her bra, Daisy moved her hands from her hips and up to unhook her bra only to immediately suck one of her nipples into her mouth. 

"Fuck yes Bambi..." Emily moaned out, dragging her teeth over her lip as she pushed her fingers through Daisy's thick, dark hair. 

Daisy smiled at that and tipped her eyes up to look at her, so thrilled to be exploring a new womans body, she only wished she had more time as she trailed her tongue down the centre of her stomach and around her belly button. Sliding her fingers over the thin string at her hips she pulled her thong down and let it drop at her feet. Sitting back Daisy eyed this beautiful woman in front of her, naked except for a black pair of stilettos. Daisy's eyes roamed over her hungrily, noticing the complete lack of tan lines on her bronzed body and the tiny little blue butterfly tattoo on her hip. Daisy knew she could spend hours mapping out every inch of this womans amazing body with her lips, fingers and tongue from her delicate ankles to her heavy breasts but she had to make the most of the time she had. "You look so delicious." Daisy murmured only to lean in and spread her legs, dipping her head between them and pushing her tongue inside of her soaking wet pussy, curling her tongue and forcing her wetness into her mouth as she started to fuck her with it. 

Emily moaned out, gripping hold of the safety rail as she hitched her foot up onto the closed toilet seat. "Shit..." she moaned out, savouring the feeling of Daisy's tongue circling her tight opening only to curling and thrusting her tongue inside her. "Delicious? Weird - - choice..." she moaned out as her hips pressed down onto Daisy's eagerly waiting mouth. 

Daisy dragged her tongue from her sex up to her clit and worked her tongue over the hard little button quickly as she replaced her tongue with her fingers. "Believe me - delicious is the right word." Daisy assured her as she trailed her tongue her lips and sucked on one lightly only to return to her clit. Working her clit side to side with quick firm flicks of her tongue she then sucked on it, rubbing her lips tightly over her clit only to smile when she heard her moan out loudly, the sound barely heard over the pounding music from the club. 

"Fuck yes - yes eat my pussy Bambi - fuck... fuck yes..." Emily moaned out, gripping Daisy's hair a little tighter. "The minute you walked in I just wanted to fuck you... wearing those fucking skin tight trousers..." Emily moaned out. "Those tits... fuck fuck yes - just like that." Emily moaned out, her long nails dragging over Daisy's scalp as she rocked her hips into her face. 

Hearing her talk like that just turned Daisy on more and she moved one hand up to cup her breast, working her nipple with her thumb as she kept her other hand rocking her fingers inside her soaking wet pussy. Dipping her head lower she circled her fingers with her tongue, collecting her juices as they leaked out of her and moaning at the taste. Curling her fingers inside her she rocked them back and forth, letting her fingers walk inside her only to feel her clench them tight. "Mmm god... " Daisy moaned, feeling Emily getting worked up from her mouth. 

"Holy shit!" Emily moaned out in surprise, not having felt that sensation before but she definitely liked it. "I'm gonna come - make me come make me come..." she cried out as her eyes clenched tightly shut, her knuckles turning white as her sweaty palm slid across the safety rail. 

Daisy didn't need to be told twice, her heart thundering in her chest as she dragged her palm over Emily's stomach and pushed against her pubic mound to expose more of her clit to her only to lap at it eagerly, her mouth filled with this strange womans juices and as she felt her stomach muscles start to clench beneath her hands, her moans getting louder Daisy lapped and sucked at her clit harder, her fingers burning inside her but she didn't stop, twisting her wrist to pound her more firmly until she felt her let go. Raising her eyes she watched Emily's head throw back, watched as her spine curved deliciously as her hips pressed down, her pussy being forced more into her mouth and Daisy obliged, working her through her orgasm. 

Emily panted harshly, letting out high pitched keening sounds as she fisted Daisy's hair. "Fuck yes - yes - yes. Fuck. Please. Don't. Fucking Stop." she gasped out between breaths, her hips rocking eagerly into Daisy's mouth only to cry out and jerk her hips away, laughing softly. "Fuck - fuck that - sensitive." 

Daisy met her eyes and slowly pulled away, licking her lips slowly as she sat back and smiled at her. "You're - wow. When you come? Wow." 

Emily smiled at that, her cheeks bright pink as she fanned herself. "Bambi... didn't know you had it in you." Emily held onto the safety barrier and eased herself to sit on the closed toilet, shaking her head as her hair fell back into her face.

Raising an eyebrow at that Daisy just laughed and shrugged her shoulders. "I'm going to take that as a compliment..." 

"Oh believe me... it is... " Emily murmured as she took Daisy's hand and kissed the inside of her wrist only to pull her to stand up. Standing too she cupped her cheeks and kissed her firmly, sliding her fingers slowly down over the curve of Daisy's neck. Taking hold of the thin material of her t-shirt she pulled it over her head and dropped it on the floor and smiled at the pale gold bra that had presented Daisy's tits to her on a platter. "Mmm yes," Emily smiled and unhooked her bra and then suckled on one of Daisy's nipples only to move over to the other, her fingers working her wet nipple between her fingers. 

Daisy moaned out as Emily started to play with her tits, her skin rising in goose pimples only to hiss out in pleasure when she bit one of them. "Mmm that - feels so good." she murmured softly, as she curled her arms around Emily and slid her hand over her bare ass, giving her firm bouncy ass a squeeze. 

Emily smiled at that and looked down at Daisy's lower half. "Those are going to be a bitch to get off... so..." Emily laughed and quickly spun her around, bending Daisy over so her hands were resting on top of the cistern, bent over the toilet. "Mmm - now that's... a view..." 

Smiling, Daisy pushed her trousers down so that they were around her knees, something seeming especially dirty about the fact that she was bent over a toilet like this, her tits exposed and her ass out for a stranger. Just the thought alone made her clit throb and so when Emily slid her hand over her sheer panties that covered her ass she let out the softest moan. 

Pulling her knickers down so that they were just above her trousers Emily eyed her, lust coiling through her again as she saw her round little ass and could still see her breasts hanging there just waiting to be touched. Part of her wished that she could take her home, share her with her girlfriend and see what she could really do but she knew she couldn't. Sliding a hand over the curve of her ass Emily pressed her fingers into her from behind and immediately she started to fuck her with her fingers, feeling how aroused she was right away. "Your pussy is so tight..." Emily moaned softly, arching her body over Daisy's so she could kiss and bite the back of her shoulders gently. 
