 Kim let herself into the flat she shared with her best friend Sara. They had been friends and roommates since college. And now, as two young working professionals. She dropped her purse and keys onto the hall table and walked into the kitchen.

"Just in time sweetie." Sara turned and handed her a glass of chilled Zinfendel.

"Thanks. Today was hell." She said, taking a deep sip.

"It went that bad." Sara asked, her eyes focused on Kim's wet lips.

"Let's just say that the Carson merger is now going to take up all my time. I even have to work this weekend."

"That sucks. I thought you and Jack were going away."

"Oh, Jack's going away. That asshole."

Kim finished her wine and started to undo the buttons on her blouse. She wanted a hot shower, a hot meal and a good fuck. Well, two out of three weren't bad.

"Ya know, I think I know just what you need Kimmy."

Kim raised an eyebrow at Sara's tone. She knew that look. And it sent a thrill straight to pussy. Sara was a beautiful woman. She was 25, with a toned body and a real blonde. Her short hair fell in layered waves around her face. Her blue eyes sparkled as she moved closer.

"Here, Kimmy, let me." Sara brushed aside Kim's fingers and finished unbuttoning her blouse. She peeled it away from her white laced covered breasts. 

"Sara..." Kim said her name in warning.

"Relax Kim. It's not the first time. And it won't be our last. I can please you. Make you forget all about your shitty day."

"I know. That's the problem. I can't stop thinking about you and me. How hot it is between us."

Kim let out a sigh as Sara bent her head and closed her wet mouth over Kim's covered nipple. She nibbled and sucked it through the lacey material. Her hands reached around and undid her bra. She pulled it and her shirt away from her body. 

Sara's hand came up and plumped her size C breasts. Her thumb and index finger plucking at her hard nipples.

Kim moaned, her head fell back sending her dark hair down her back. "I love your tits Kim." Sara said taking her bare nipples into her mouth. She alternated sucking and tonguing each one.

Kim brought her hands up and threaded them through her short, silky strands. She watched as Sara sucked her. Her tongue swirling around. Her teeth gently nibbling. 

Sara moved lower. Her hands sliding under the hem of her skirt. Lifting the material higher as her hands slid up her bare thighs. Her fingers found the wetness of her panties.

"You are so wet Kimmy."

"Yes Sara. You make me so wet."

Kim stood suddenly and discarded her skirt and panties. Her hands then sent to Sara's dress and soon the were both completely naked. She led Sara to the couch by the window.

"The windows?" Kim asked, for the first time noticing the open windows and blinds

"The air's broke again. It's the only breeze we got."

Sara pushed Kim back on the couch before she could start talking again. The last thing she wanted was to talk about the fucking weather. Her pussy was wet and throbbing. She wanted to taste and fuck Kim and then get fucked herself. 

Sara positioned Kim on the couch. She spent some time kissing and licking her breasts. trailing wet, open-mouth kisses down her slightly rounded stomach. Her tongue dipping into her navel. Lower still to the small patch of curls at her pussy. She rubbed them with her nose, inhaling the musky scent of her.

"God I love the smell of you Kim. And," she swiped her tongue along her soaked slit, "I love the taste of you."

Kim groaned and lifted her hips to Sara's seeking mouth. Sara wasted no time covering her sopping hole with her mouth. She used her tongue to dart in and out of her. Her thumb found her swollen clit and began to lightly rub it.

"Harder Sara. Rub it harder."

Sara smiled into her pussy. Kim loved it rough. The harder and faster, the more explosive her orgasms. But Sara wanted to take her time. She wanted to savor every last moment. Every last drop of sweet cream from Kim's body. 

Her tongue replaced her finger. Long, slow licks. Just flicks of her tongue over the engorged flesh. Kim bucked her hips beneath her, trying to smash her pussy into her mouth.

"Harder!"

Sara licked a little more firmly. She could feel the pulsing on her tongue. She used her thumbs to spread Kim's pussy lips wide, exposing her wet, pink pussy to her gaze. She could see the thick clear cream that flowed from her hole. She stuck her tongue out and lapped at the cream. Long strokes. From her ass to her clit. She moved one hand and slid a long finger deep inside Kim, crooking it at the tip. Massaging the spongy tissue inside her pussy.

"YES!" Kim cried out. Her hand went to Sara's head to hold her there.

Sara gave up on going slow. She wanted to make Kim come. She wanted to feel the flow of her juice in her mouth. Taste it on her lips. She fucked her hard and deep with her finger. Her tongue moved back to her clit and furiously flicked it. Her lips sucked on it. Her teeth pulled on it.

"OH FUCK!  YES!!!" Kim cried out as her body convulsed and her release rushed through her. Her cum coated Sara's finger and mouth. She could hear the slurping sounds as Sara continued to drink from her.

Sara lifted her head and looked into Kim's eyes.

"My turn." Kim said sliding onto the floor. 

Sara climbed up on the couch and spread her legs wide. She watched as Kim crawled to the side table and took out a ten inch vibrating dildo. 

"Oooh. My favorite."

"I know."

Kim took the dildo into her mouth and sucked it. She let it trail down her chin, between her breasts to her wet pussy. She rubbed it between her pussy lips before bring it to Sara's lips. Sara opened her mouth and licked it clean of Kim's cum. Then she watched as Kim trailed it down her body and rubbed it against her clit.

Sara closed her eyes as she felt her clit swell beneath it's touch. Kim turned it on low and let it vibrate. Sara slowly rotated her hips. She almost cried out as Kim removed it and placed it at the opening to her pussy.

"Do you want me to fuck you with this?"

"Oh yes!"

"What else do you want Sara?"

"Suck on my clit." She growled, staring up at her.

Kim laughed and plunged the dildo all the way inside. Sara cried out but not from pain. The pleasure of having her favorite toy buried deep inside her pussy took her breath away. She arched her hips to take it deeper.

Kim turned it up higher as she fucked Sara with the silicone cock. She bent her head and took her clit between her teeth and gently pulled on it.

"Oh fuck baby." Sara cried her hands going to her pussy lips and pulling them apart. 

She watched as Kim closed her eyes and began to lick and suck on her swollen flesh. She watched her pink tongue lick repeatedly. Her white teeth teased the aching nub.

"Make me come Kimmy." Sara all but begged. 

Sara rocked her hips against the hand holding the dildo.

"My ass." Sara said, her eyes closed as the pleasure started to build in her body.

Kim pulled the dildo free and slowly started to slide it into Sara's puckered hole.

"That's it Kim." Sara encouraged. Her hands went to her ass cheeks and she held them apart.

Kim slid the dildo into her tight ass. She was still amazed that Sara was into anal sex. She had never tried it even though Jack wanted her to, even though Sara praised the intense orgasms of anal sex.

Kim watched Sara's ass swallow the entire ten inches. She turned in on to the highest speed then went back to eating her pussy. She stuck her tongue deep inside her dripping hole. Against her tongue, she could feel the vibrator. Her nose rubbed her clit while she continued to eat her delicious pussy.

"OH YES!! OH FUCK YES!!" Sara cried out as her orgasm raced through her. She came hard in Kim's waiting mouth. 

Kim continued to lick and suck her until she felt her body start to relax. Then she pulled the vibrator out. 

"AAAHHHHH!" Sara shouted as another, more powerful orgasm hit her.

Kim stared as her entire body shook with her release. It took several minutes until Sara's body stopped shuddering and she lay limply against the couch.

Kim kissed each thigh, her wet pussy lips, her stomach and finally her breasts.

Sara looked down in to brown eyes. Kim's lips glistened with her juice. Sara's hands tangled in her hair. 

"Ya know Sara, that was exactly what I needed." Kim said looking up with a smile.

"I know."