 Alexis went about the next morning as if nothing had happened, Kacey could barely eat her breakfast, all she could think about was how close she got to surprising her in her sleep. Anya slipped small feels on Alexis whenever she passed her thinking it would go unnoticed by Kacey who sat silently in the living room. When they slipped out for their daily walk she found herself sliding back on the couch and slipping a hand between her legs. She played what happened to her the night before over and over in her mind, she was amazed how light Alexis was while being straddled, the taste of alcohol and apples in her mouth, the smell of the light sweat she had worked up.

The sound of the door caused her to sit straight up, she adjusted her legs so they couldn't see her jeans we're unbuttoned. Since the party wasn't until the evening they invited her to accompany them to see a matinee at the only theater in town. It was a kid's movie and a lot of moms with their kids who were too young to go to school were in the theater, they sat in the last row right up against the wall, Anya sat on Kaceys far left and Alexis sat in the middle. The movie barely started before she felt a hand on her thigh. The touch sent chills through her, she felt it hard to control her breathing as her hand lightly stroked her before working its way up, and she didn't stop her. The pleasure ended as Alexis excused herself to the bathroom, Kacey wanted to follow when Anya got up and followed. 

They we're gone long enough for the movie to end, Kacey hurried out before the credits started rolling and slipped into the bathroom, most of the stall doors we're open, except the one on the back left. It wasn't until she stopped moving that she heard it, the soft breathing, she stood across from the stall and through the crack she could see Anya on her knees with Alexis on the edge of the toilet pants around her ankles. They made eye contact, she licked her lips before her eyes crossed in pleasure, she let a moan escape before Anyas free hand quickly went up and covered her mouth. Alexis convulsed as she came, Kacey could hear the two silently giggle and took that as her queue to leave. She waited outside the theater for the pair.

"You missed the ending," Anya nodded and wiped her mouth again, "It was pretty funny," they kept up the small talk until they got back to the house, Kacey changed quickly so Anya could have the bathroom, she barely got back into the living room before Alexis pushed her back against the wall.

"Did you enjoy the show?" being taller than her Kacey leaned forward in attempt to kiss her when Alexis merely licked her nose, "Later." She breathed; she quickly flew across the room to her room as Anya was exiting the bathroom. The party started liked a blur, started out with conversations, drinks were passed out, dancing took place in the play theater behind the café and Kacey couldn't keep her eyes off of Alexis. She was dressed normally, she didn't believe in slutty costumes and found herself scary enough, unlike Anya who dressed up like a slutty gypsy, as if they weren't slutty enough.

Kacey still found her warm clothes hot, they still gave way to her milky skin, she desperately wanted to see under her shirt, to see all of her. She was tired of the teasing, but wasn't tired of watching the two of them together. It became clear that Anya thought she was in charge because she was clearly the bigger person and because she did most of the work. But Kacey knew who was running the show, they hadn't even made it into a dressing room before Anya had Alexis laid out on the stairs, from the shadows Kacey watched as they kissed.

As Anyas tongue ran down her neck, bringing out moans unheard and drowned out from the music of the party going on in the back. She took a step back and leaned against the wall to fully enjoy the show, Alexis stopped Anya and switched placed with her, as she worked her way down, enjoying the exposed skin form her costume Kacey made sure she was unseen. Alexis worked quickly at pushing up her skirt revealing the tight panties Anya had underneath. Surprisingly it was hot enough to watch her lick her panties, soaking them enough to make them near see through, Anya helped in the soaking, she came quickly and Kacey moved quickly to rejoin the party. 

It was almost ten when she realized she had lost sight of her, Kacey meandered through and to her shock found Alexis grinding with a guy, she watched from the side, things appeared to get heated because she lead him by the hand to the back. Kacey took her time following them back; she couldn't see which room they disappeared into, until she recognized Alexi's voice. She pushed the curtain to the side and wasn't surprised to find her on her back, pants off, legs open, and the guy slipping on a condom.

"Fuck me hard." She said as she bit her lip, the guy moaned as he rammed himself inside, through her shirt Kacey realized she wasn't wearing a bra, her tits bounced with every thrust. There was something about her that made people cum quickly, it might have been the alcohol, but whatever it was Kacey wanted some. She didn't move until he pulled out and let the used condom fall off and onto the floor. She only had to look at him to get him to get down on his knees and clean up his mess. With him out of the way Kacey had a clear and up close view of the action, Alexis smiled at her as she ran her hands through the guys hair, Kacey took a step forward and like a dog stopped when she shook her head at her.

She knew it was time to get moving when Alexis wrapped her legs around his head and began to climax. Kacey left a few minutes before the party ended, Anya stayed behind to get started on the clean up process and so she assumed Alexis would as well. It only took her a few minutes to strip and jump in the shower before her fingers were in between her legs. Thinking she was home alone she allowed her hands to roam freely, envisioning Alexis in there with her. She was so caught up in her thoughts she didn't hear the door open, or close, nor did she see the shadow before the curtain was open.

"What the fuck!" she stood there, arms crossed.

"Don't stop, it was just getting good," Kacey stood there, one arm over her boobs the other on the curtain. The water kept her hair from falling in her face, she enjoyed the way Alexis was drinking her in. "Put your arms down," there was something entrancing about her, she did as she was told and Alexis rewarded her with a smile, "Lean back against the wall," she did so, "spread them," she did so revealing her bare skin and pink folds, "Continue what you were doing, if you want close your eyes." She bit her lip as she continued playing with herself; she wanted to keep watching Alexis stare of approval but found herself closing her eyes to fantasize. She must have gotten lost in her thoughts because when she opened them again she found Alexis standing with a hung dick sticking out from the harness. "Turn off the water."

She did so and was surprised when Alexis covered her with a towel, "I can dry myself,"

"Arms up," she gently ran the towel over her body, she took extra time feeling her breasts through the towel and when she worked her way down to her thighs she slipped her fingers in between and barely ran over her clit before sending tremors through her body.

"What if she comes home," Kacey breathed.

"She won't be home for at least a half hour," Alexis finished drying off her legs and gently turned her towards the door, "bend over, spread your legs and place your hands on the wall around the door." Kacey did so and felt herself gasp when she felt Alexis's tongue start on her lower back and work its way up her spine, to the base of her neck. "You taste like my soap."

"Oops." She roughly forced her hand between her legs and began to work furiously.

"Its time you learned your place in this house hold." She could barely comply when her fingers slipped down to spread her growing wetness. "Have you had sex before?" Kacey bobbed her head, lost in the euphoria, "This big?" she felt the plastic, life like dick rub against her leg, "This might hurt." Kacey turned her head to look just as she lined it up and pressed forward. Being already turned on and wet it went in without much resistance, she whined as she roughly pulled it out, "You don't get to cum until I say so," she moaned as she slowly slid it halfway in, "Got that?" she shoved it in, the fake balls slapped her as she bobbed her head. She got lost in how long this continued until something electric touched her clit, the sensation almost caused her to buckle.

"Can I?"

"Not yet!" she held her with one hand while the other pressed the vibrating bullet on and off of her clit, the combination with the dildo began to prove to be too much. "Are you close?" she moaned and nodded, "Are you going to soak my leg?" she couldn't answer, "Are you?" she must have turned up the intensity because as she pulled out and pressed the bullet against her clit she lost control. It felt like she had just pissed, but it appeared to please Alexis, "Looks like we have a squirter." She took a step back and allowed her to drop onto her knees, she knelt down and roughly stuck her tongue into her mouth, invading each corner, leaving her breathless. "Clean yourself up, Anya will be home soon."