 (continuation of parts 1 &2)

"I'll go next." said Karen. 

"Doing it with our friends, Joyce and Susan was my first (read Karen's Adventure Chapter 1)."

"WHAT!!" the other ladies yelled in shock. 

"Tell us about that." the ladies requested. 

"I'll tell that story another time, but I would like to share my experience with Liz, she's the wife of Steve's client." starts Karen. 

Karen tells the story ( also read Karen's Next Adventure Chapter 1)... " Steve and I arrived at the cabin at around 8 am, It was a nice place with a large swimming pool at the back. Dan introduced us to his beautiful wife Liz, short blond hair, 5'5' tall, and a sexy body. Well, what do you know , Liz and I know each other, we attended the same aerobics class some years back. We exchanged some small talk for a while, then Dan invited us to go swimming. We went to our rooms and changed clothes. 

Dan and Steve were drinking beer by the pool when I arrived, wearing a black two piece g-string bikini. I noticed Dan starring at me, we then exchanged smiles and then Liz arrives. Liz is wearing a white two piece thong bikini. I know Liz has a great body but I didn't imagine she had the best shaped ass I've ever seen. We went for a swim, we ate lunch, we drank beer and for all we know it was 5 pm. We ladies wore a wrap around skirt and started to prepare dinner. Dan invited us to watch a video on his home theater set up before we eat. When we finished preparing dinner, we entered the living room, our husbands were watching a porno movie. 

Liz then said -- "Oh, Dan, not again!" 

I think Liz was embarrassed that we may not be comfortable with this. 

"It's OK Liz, there's no problem" I said. 

So we watched. For an hour or so the four of us were quiet, watching the movie intensely. I kept on folding her legs because I was getting wet watching two girls in a 69 position. Liz was sitting on my right. I placed my seemingly unmalicious right hand on Liz's left thigh. Liz was not bothered by this, for it was a harmless touch,(so she thinks). After the movie, we went back, ate dinner, drank some more and went for another swim. After a while, we ladies had enough, got out of the pool and shared the pool shower, giggling and laughing. We wrapped ourselves with our respective skirts. The boys followed soon after. 

"What shall we do tonight?" I asked. 

Dan replied "Let's play a game of billiards, you ladies versus us boys , you ladies need to shoot only five balls and you win, whoever looses must obey the winners command." 

"This looks exiting, let's go." said Steve. 

We played billiards then, Liz was a good pool player and sank 3 balls, but in the end, the boys won the game. 

"So what do you want from us?" Liz said. 

"Yeah, come on, speak up boys." I said. 

Dan and Steve had a short meeting, after a while, came back. 

Dan said-" Well ladies, why don't you give us a girl to girl show."

Liz yelled-"WHAT! No way!" 

An argument ensued. 

I pulled Liz on one side of the room for our own meeting. 

"Don't worry Liz, we'll teach these boys a lesson, just be natural, everything will follow." I told Liz. 

After explaining to Liz my plan, she agreed. We went back to our husbands. 

"OK, we'll do it on a few conditions." I said. 

"You guys just watch, one of you comes near us, we stop the show, one false move from you guys, we stop the show, do you accept?." I asked. 

"Yes we do!" was the boys' reply. 

I held Liz's hand and led her to the living room sofa, closing all the lights on our way, leaving the only lampshade near the sofa open. 

"OK you guys stay there, don't come any closer." I commanded. 

The boys kept themselves in the dark, about 10 feet from us, sitting down , drinking beer. 

We removed our wrap around skirts, sitting on the sofa, facing each other, I gave Liz a light kiss to the lips, we then exchange slow, light kisses. I become more aggressive, slowly entering Liz's mouth with my tongue, Liz does not resist, as our tongues circle one another. we chased each other's tongue, Liz tasted very good. Our heads swayed side to side as we suck each others tongue. Our kisses becomes fast, and passionate, we moaned, but did not stop. After a while, the kiss stopped. I guided Liz to kneel on top the sofa. I removed Liz's bikini top, I had Liz's breast on my face. I slowly licked Liz's left nipple, gently sucking it. 

Liz's gives out a long moan- "Oooooohhhhhh, I love it Karen, don't stop." 

I gave Liz's right breast the same attention while squeezing her ass cheeks. I ordered Liz to lie down, resting her head on a couple of throw pillows. I was about to go down on Liz's, when Liz pulled me up and gave me a long deep kiss, pulling my hair towards her, for another tongue exercise. I finally went down on Liz, slowly removing her thongs, I licked Liz's cunt immediately. Like a hungry dog, I ate her up, slow then going fast, then slowly again. I inserted my left hand's middle finger into Liz's pussy. Liz's pussy was all wet, my finger was glistening with juices. Not wanting to neglect myself, I began to rub my own pussy with my other hand. I was wet at once, my bikini were soaked with my juices. I then lifted Liz's ass in the air and begun to lick her asshole, then back to her pussy. Liz loved what was happening. 

It wasn't long and Liz's screamed - "Ahhhhhh, I want you , Karen. I want you now." 

Liz explodes as she moaned softly. 

I stood up and removed my bikini and inserts a finger into her wet pussy, I instructed Liz to remain lying down. I bent down on Liz and let her suck the middle finger from both hands, letting Liz taste my juices and her own pussy juices. Liz loved it, sucking the fingers furiously. I crawled up to Liz and once again are locked into a kiss, exchanging juices from the tongue. Liz goes on and sucks my tits. 

"Yes baby, that's so good, Liz." I moaned. I stood up and sit on Liz's face. Liz ate me up real hard and fast, sucking my clit, licking my wet pussy lips, squeezing my ass. 

This time, I moaned and screamed- "Ohhhhhhhh, Liz, I love it baby, yeeeees." 

Liz's face was all wet with my pussy juices. After a while of grinding and sucking, I moved up and pulled Liz up. I then lay flat on my belly with my ass sticking Liz's face. 

I told Liz- "Come on baby, eat my ass."

Without hesitation, Liz went down on my ass, spreading my ass cheeks wide, burying her face, licking my ass hole. Fucking my ass with her tongue. 

I grinded and finally exploded as I moaned - "Ohhhhh, yes baby." 

We now prepared to go on a 69 position, but not before giving each other another deep kiss. Once into position, we ate each other up. It seemed we have forgotten that Dan and Steve was still there. We licked each others pussy at the same pace, both our bodies moving in one motion, finger fucking each others pussy, occasionally going deep on each other's ass. Finally, both of us exploded, pussy juices filled our faces. I collapsed on top of Liz, I gave Liz's thighs kisses while Liz caresses my now sore ass. After a few moments, we stood up and gives each other a smile and another kiss. 

Then I said- "Did you like the show boys?"

"Yes, now can we join you?" Steve said. 

"No way, not tonight." Liz said. 

Liz pulled me by the hand and we ran off to the third room of the cabin.. Locking ourselves up. We went to bed and kissed more as we caressed each other's body until we fell asleep. We left our men to hang dry all night. We made it up to them next morning though..."

"Well.... you girls, liked it...?" ended Karen. 

The story made the ladies hotter. The moist in Linda's and Susan's panties could be seen, since they wore white satin panties. But it was clear that all ladies were wet. 

(to be continued... part 4) 