 Karen haven't seen her schoolmates in ages. Jenny called her up for a reunion. Jenny's in town for a brief vacation. Brenda and Linda were free on the weekend, so the four set the date for Saturday. 

Steve would be away for the weekend on a business trip so Karen decided to host the party at her home.

"Honey, the girls will be here tomorrow night to keep me company." Karen told Steve.

" I think I'll just cancel my trip and join your party instead." replied Steve.

"No, Steve, go on with your trip, I'll be fine with the girls." answered Karen.

"But I'll be left out of some hot action." replied Steve.

Steve and Karen had an understanding that any sexual adventure they go into must be participated by the both of them.

"There is no hot action, just a harmless reunion." said Karen.

"With four lovely ladies at the party, ALONE, I don't think it's gonna be a harmless party." said Steve

"Trust me, OK, Steve." replied Karen.

"OK, but keep me informed, understand!" demanded Steve. "Sure, honey." Karen said.

Saturday night, one by one the four lovely ladies arrive at Karen's place, they haven't seen each other for several years. Hugs and kisses all over. Small talk followed and dinner was served. After dinner, the ladies sat around the living room for more drinks and more talk. For hours they laughed and talked, talking about family, their high school life and so on.

"Hey girls, I know what you miss the most!" said Jenny as she opens her hand bag.

"This..." she said, pulling a joint from her bag. "Oh, Yeah!!!" the other girls were unanimous with their reply.

Jenny lights up the joint, puffs and passes the joint around. Moments later, everybody was feeling good and relaxed.

Their topic shifts to a more interesting one-- SEX. They talk about sex scandals, sex in show business, anything and everything about sex.

"We've been talking about other people's sex life, why don't we talk about our own sex lives." said Jenny.

Suddenly, the girls kept quiet.

"What's to talk about?" said Karen.

"Anything." said Jenny.

"I have a normal sex life, nothing special" said Linda.

"Oh, me too." said Brenda.

"I'm sure, you girls have done something interesting, something special, at least once." Jenny said as she looked at Karen's eyes. Karen gave her a smile as she returned the look.

"OK, I'll ask you something.... Who had made it with another woman?" ask Jenny.

The girls looked at each other as the conversation was getting more interesting. No one said a word.

"I know what will get us started." Jenny said as she lights up another joint.

Karen got up and opened another bottle of wine. Soon everybody was high and drunk.

"OK, I'll go first." said Jenny.

Jenny is single and works as a flight stewardess, she has a great body. She's Karen's best friend in high school. Since Karen's first lesbian adventure, Karen often imagined what it would be like to do it with Jenny. It was the reason Karen was so excited with tonight's party.

"My first time with another girl was with my roommate in college, once, when we got so drunk, but my best experience was with my brother's wife, Kim. It was her first time and it was the best, we have done it several times since then and it gets better and better every time." starts Jenny.

Jenny continues-- " I spent the night at my brother's home while on vacation on my last year of college. Jeff and Kim have been married for just 2 years then. Jeff is a pilot and had a flight on my second night of stay. Kim and I were left alone and after dinner I excused myself because I was so tired, I took a bath and went of to bed. I was wearing a cut off t-shirt and a tiny panty. I was reading this romance novel and I don't know what came in to me, but suddenly I felt horny. I started to play with my self, squeezing and pinching my tits, I know that after I climaxed, I would be able to sleep like a rock. I started to rub my pussy through my panties. I pulled my panties to one side, and played with my pussy faster. I inserted my middle finger deep inside my cunt and went on real fast, I moaned with delight, I could not control my self, I fingered my pussy faster and moaned louder, I was wet. The whole house was quiet, I guess Kim heard me and thought I was having a bad dream, so she entered the room to check on me. She entered the room and saw me naked with a finger stuck inside my pussy.

"Oh my... I'm so sorry, Jenny, I thought you were..." was all Kim said.

She didn't finish her sentence as her eyes were transfixed at my naked body. I tried to cover my body with a pillow, but Kim just stood there looking at my now very wet pussy. 

"What the hell..." I said to myself.

I threw the pillow to the side and continued to play with my pussy.

"I started this, might as well finish it, will you please help me, Kim" I said.

For a moment Kim just stood by the door, hypnotized. I inserted my finger deep inside my pussy, then slowly Kim walked towards me. 

Kim knelt before me and said-- "I love you as a sister, I don't thing this is right and I've never done..."

Before Kim could finish her words, I inserted my wet finger inside her mouth and let her suck my juices. She loved what she had tasted, sucking my finger all the way. I removed my finger and pulled her face towards me and we kissed. A long passionate kiss followed. Our sweet tongues met and chased each other. I sucked on her tongue and soon she was sucking mine. Our kiss lasted forever, my sister in-law tasted good. I told her to undress. She was wearing a long t-shirt, and not a moment sooner, she was on her white panties. We were in a kneeling position on the bed, and soon we were kissing again. I cupped her wonderful tits and begin to suck one nipple, soon giving each breast equal attention.

Soon Kim sucks on my tits, she's good, I wondered if this is her first time to do it, but then maybe she's doing to me what Jeff does to her. I told Kim to lay down, and at once got down on her pussy. Spreading her legs wide, I licked and sucked her pussy, soon she was all wet. 

Kim moans then shouts aloud-- "Ahhhh..... I love it, Jenny. I love you, Jenny."

It made me hotter and ate her hot pussy faster sticking my tongue inside her pussy. Moments later, she explodes, my face was all wet. She pulls me on top of her and kisses me. Licking her juices from my tongue and face. 

"Can you do that to me too?" I asked. 

"Oh yes, Jenny, I want to eat your pussy" whispered Kim.

Without wasting any second, Kim goes down on me, licked and sucked my breast for a while. This made me hot. She then went down on my pussy and ate me hard, inserting a finger into my steamy pussy. 

"Do to me what Jeff does to you" I ordered.

Kim does just that, licking my pussy hard and fast. Suddenly, Kim raises my legs up, spreads them apart and licks my asshole. She licks it good, fucking my asshole with her tongue. 

Now I moan-- "Oh, Kim, I love what you're doing, don't stop."

Moments later, I climaxed. We kissed again. I was hesitant at first, because her tongue just came from my ass, but she forced her tongue unto me and I loved it. We went on to a 69 position, and now I had a chance to eat her ass. Soon both of us were licking ass and pussy. I entered her ass with my tongue. Her ass tasted heavenly, this went on for some time, I had a finger in both her pussy and asshole, she does the same to me. We were moaning and screaming, moving our bodies in one motion, then we exploded once more, and fell asleep on each others arm. 

Jeff arrived the following day, and never suspected a thing, and I left the next day.

Kim and I did it again several times after, once on Thanksgiving Day, while our families were partying down stairs, we were having our own party in my room."

" So, did you like my story...?" asked Jenny.

No one needed to answer the question, it was clear that everyone was hot and wet. 

(to be continued...part 2)