 Her first experience with a girl, was when she was just eighteen and it was quite short lived.

It happened while they were on holiday as a family in a small seaside town on the West Country coast, just Evelyn, her Father and Mother. They had rented a caravan on a nice site and one evening, as they were sitting around outside, just taking in the calm, warm, early evening, a Frisbee flew across and landed amongst them.

Evelyn looked up to see a tall, slim girl of about the same age as her running over to collect it. She had probably thrown it their way on purpose as there were no other persons around, but she smiled at them and asked if Evelyn wanted to have a chuck around for a while. Anything to relieve the boredom, she jumped up and they went across into the small field behind the caravans and they spent half an hour throwing the plastic thing to each other and doing a lot of running and fetching.

When they had got a bit short of breath and a little overheated with the effort, the girl said that her parents had gone to the pub and did Evelyn want to come over to their van for a cold drink. They wandered together back across the field and along the pathway to the girl's van, six or seven vans further along. As they passed by her own family van, Evelyn called to her Dad and told him where she was going. He nodded his agreement so she knew they wouldn't worry about her or come looking for her.

A little way down, the girl reached out and took Evelyn's hand in hers, it seemed a natural thing to do and together they walked the rest of the way holding hands. 

When they went into an almost identical caravan, Claire, as she was called, pulled the curtains across and then turned on the light in the living room. Evelyn thought nothing of this at the time even though it was still quite light outside, but on reflection, she later realised why. 

They sat side by side on the couch with the promised soft drink from the fridge and Claire brought out her scrapbook for them to look at. It was very girlie and there were the inevitable pop stars and a few pictures of girls in bikinis but as she turned the pages, Claire got very close against her and let her hand drop casually into Evelyn's lap. Evelyn was just a little nervous at this point but didn't like to make a fuss as she was sure it was innocent, but after a little while, she felt the hand lifting her quite short skirt to touch her bare leg.

For a moment, she sat transfixed, looking down at the small hand which had taken such a liberty but which had made her breathing change its rhythm as the fingers traced small circles on her skin. Lifting her gaze, Evelyn turned to face her and they looked at each other for a few moments and then Claire broke the silence. "Have you ever been kissed properly before. You know, proper kissing?". 

When Evelyn said "No." she pulled her gently towards her and taking comfort from the fact that she did not resist, kissed her full on the lips, turning her head a little so that they didn't bump noses. There was no pressure on her lips and the contact was sublimely soft. It was this very softness which made Evelyn want the moment to last forever. Gently and slowly, Claire pulled back away from her.

Evelyn was under her spell and could not take her eyes from the ruby colouring of her new friend's mouth, distinct tiny beads of sweat on the upper lip, clinging to the soft down. Claire took advantage of her not pulling away in shock at what had just happened and just for an instant, the tip of her tongue came out and so erotically ran over her lips making them shine with a moistness that Evelyn wanted to feel on her lips once more so she moved her face back towards her and the pressure from Claire's mouth was a little more insistent now and she felt that small tongue press its tip forward and run across her mouth, gently slipping between her lips, tasting her and letting Evelyn taste her.

Claire began to take further liberties with her hands as they kissed, fondling Evelyn's breasts over the top of the tee shirt and returning to her lap, touching her over the material of her cotton knickers, all the time murmuring little reassuring things between such beautiful kisses on the mouth and as she moved her lips down to the side of her neck and shoulder.

How she did it Evelyn was not sure, but Claire managed to pull Evelyn's knickers down to her knees. She must have been helped more than a little although it seemed to Evelyn that it was a little unreal and then, she was touching her there. It was nice and Claire carried on kissing and exploring with delicate touches between Evelyn's legs and the younger girl didn't stop her.

Claire's breathing by now had become very rapid and as she sat back and pulled off her own panties, her hands left Evelyn and went down between her own legs doing herself, every so often stopping to kiss and feel her compliant partner.

Evelyn knew about masturbating and as Claire did herself, she did the same to herself. They watched each other as they moved their fingers, then Claire started to come and as her movements got faster, she finally jerked forwards and let out a long sigh. Evelyn was nearly there and she leant forward to be kissed at that moment, feeling her breasts being crushed in the hands of her friend and with a frenzy of tongues forcing into each other's mouths, she also had her climax.

Claire looked at Evelyn afterwards and she seemed to be a bit apprehensive at what had happened even though Evelyn had been more than a willing partner in their activities. "Promise not to tell anyone." she finally said, a worried look on her face.

"Don't worry," Evelyn reassured her, "I cross my heart I won't say anything to a single soul." 

"I have a girlfriend at home," she confided, "you remind me of her and I'm missing her."

Reaching across to her purse which was on the side cupboard she pulled out a colour photograph, which was hidden in the lining of herself and a fair haired girl who actually looked a lot older than her. It was taken in the friend's bedroom and both girls were in their underwear and holding each other close. Beckie, the girl's name, was in the sixth form at Claire's school. She lived in the same street Claire recounted to Evelyn and said that to begin with she was just another sixth former until one day in the school library she took just a little more notice of Claire than usual, coming over to sit by her and talking to her about the subject she was looking up for her exams.

Claire was somewhat in awe of the senior girl and couldn't believe her ears when she invited her round her house that evening, Her parents were away and she said that she could help Claire with her studies.. That evening Claire fell under her spell and willingly allowed Beckie to do what she wanted with her.

The two girls looked at the picture together until Claire broke the silence. "Do you think she's beautiful?. We love kissing and feeling each other and sometimes we watch each other doing it, like we've been doing. I love to watch her, it makes me shiver when I see her doing that, it's really sexy." 

With her story told, she carefully secreted the picture away again and sat back on the couch and opened her thighs, as she probably did with Beckie, so that Evelyn could look at her, eventually beckoning her over and pulling her on top so that once more they could kiss and taste each other.

It was getting late and Evelyn knew that she would need to get back to the van soon so even though she was almost unable to catch her breath, she had to leave, slightly flushed and still sticky in that now, not so private place.

As she made to leave, once again Claire entreated her not to tell and Evelyn swore she wouldn't and anyway, why would she as it had been fun. When Evelyn got back to the van, her Mum said something about her getting all sweaty playing with the Frisbee and made her go to the toilet block for a shower. She didn't sleep very well that night, visions of Claire in her mind. She knew that she had to do herself but had to do it very quietly as the caravan walls were thin but at last she was able to reach the delicious release that she wanted.

Next day the family drove to the beach. It was a glorious day and for a while she managed to put the previous evening out of her mind but now and again, had a flashback which immediately made her start to lubricate. Her Dad asked jokingly why she kept going backwards and forwards into the sea, little did he know that she needed to feel the cold sharpness of the water against her bikini bottom to reduce the desires that she felt. When they got back to the van park, she was almost unable to contain herself and could hardly be bothered to eat tea before she went down to see if Claire wanted to throw the Frisbee again.

She tapped on the van door and Claire's father answered after a couple of minutes. He was wearing a vest and showing a hairy chest and had several tattoos on his forearms. For some reason, Evelyn was a little afraid of him but no matter, as Claire appeared from behind him and stepped out into the late evening sunlight. She sort of gathered her up and they walked away from the van, her father calling after her and reminding her that he and Claire's mother were going down the pub and told her not to wait up for them.

They didn't say much to each other after that as they walked along together. They were perhaps both a little embarrassed about what had happened the previous evening. At one point, Claire slipped a hand into Evelyn's and she could feel her new friend's hand trembling with nervousness or perhaps anticipation. Evelyn was wearing the same short skirt as yesterday but Claire was wearing a cute pair of shorts showing her rather long tanned legs. The thought of what they had done together was foremost in Evelyn's mind and she felt herself getting a little short of breath and when they arrived at the door of the van, her mother asked if she had been running.

Glad of the excuse, Evelyn agreed that she had and that they were going for a walk and then later to have some supper with Claire and her parents. A little lie, but it worked and her Mum said that was OK but not to be back too late. The two girls made a little small talk with the parents and then wandered off, walking over the field where they had thrown the Frisbee the previous day, until they entered a small wood. The two girls could still see the camping site but were, by choice, well hidden from the view of prying eyes.

They stood together for what seemed ages, not doing anything but both very aware of each other. Finally, Claire reached out and asked her with that beautiful Durham accent of hers, if she wanted to try kissing again. Evelyn did and they spent a long time with their lips on each other. Claire showed her how to do proper kissing and they used their tongues pushing them deep into each other's mouths. Evelyn could hardly breathe and she felt her legs would give way. Neither of the girls tried to fondle or touch each other either over or under their clothes but they had both become sexually excited and Evelyn could feel the soft sticky wetness in her cotton knickers.

There was a sudden noise from within the woods, probably a fox barking but it made them both jump apart, thinking that perhaps they had been discovered but it was a false alarm and they were safe and undiscovered.

Neither girl seemed to know what to do next. Evelyn waited for Claire to make a move but to her dismay, she moved away from her and just stood looking at her, her face flushed and her breathing hard. Finally, Evelyn sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree behind her and waited. The rough feel of the bark beneath her bottom was subtly exciting and sent little shivers through her body. She waited but couldn't understand what Claire wanted and thought perhaps she had done something wrong but when she could bear the silence no longer, she took the initiative and slowly lifted the hem of her skirt so that Claire could just see her white cotton knickers.

Provocatively Evelyn opened her legs just enough to display more of the white material. She knew that between her legs was wet and knew that Claire would be able to see the damp patch and know why. A low groan came from Claire as she saw what Evelyn had done and could see the results of their kissing. Perhaps she had had a pang of conscience and was a little afraid of what might happen if Evelyn suddenly got scared and ran away but that simple action reassured her and holding out a hand to her, she led her friend out of the wood towards her van.

Once inside they were alone as her parents had already left for the evening.

She led Evelyn towards the small bedroom, identical to hers, and drew the curtains and then turned on a couple of the low level lights. It was still quite light outside but the artificial light inside bathed them both in a golden glow. Already, Evelyn had that excited feeling in her stomach, she knew what would happen and watched as Claire took off her shorts and her quite skimpy panties and began touching herself between her legs, laying back on the narrow bed and letting Evelyn see the silkiness between her vaginal lips, wet and glistening on her fingers as they moved around, searching out the places that gave her most pleasure.

She beckoned across to her and Evelyn willingly moved closer until she was lying on the bed with her. Claire kissed her in that special way, as she had done in the woods, then, with some help, removed the girl's skirt and underwear until Evelyn was also naked from the waist down. Then pushing her backwards onto the bed, she reached between her legs starting to fondle her, gradually moving her fingers around in the wetness that had been seeping from her. Claire didn't try to put her fingers inside but the touches on the clitoris were really exciting.

Her movements became slightly quicker as Evelyn lifted her bottom from the bed and moved in time with her. She was focussed on the pleasure she was giving her until suddenly Evelyn exploded with a deep orgasm which seemed to last for a lifetime. Once again, Claire kissed her deeply, trembling almost uncontrollably with the excitement, taking deep shuddering breaths and then, taking Evelyn's hand, put it between own her legs into her wetness. Evelyn knew what to do and as Claire laid back, her legs thrown wide apart, she began to do what had been done for her.

Claire was getting close, her throaty noises heralding her orgasm until at last, she grasped the hand pulling it tight against her. The assisted movement of the fingers and the pressure from her own hand, tripping her over the edge and then with a sound like a mewing cat, she was coming, jumping and grabbing at Evelyn, pulling her close in her passion, still trembling with the ferocity of the orgasm and every time she moved, the sensitivity of her clitoris and the pressure of Evelyn's fingers on it, made her jump and pull herself into a ball until finally, the sensitivity diminished and she was able to sink back on the bed and enjoy the afterglow.

Neither of them said anything, and they lay together, kissing and feeling each other's breasts and enjoying the feel of each other's bodies. For Evelyn, the exploration of another girl's body was so sensual and erotic, being able to play with another person's breasts and then run her fingers through the pubic hair and downwards between those tight pink lips was something that she could never have imagined. She could feel the other girl's fingers playing across her body and sometimes it made her shudder as they explored some of her more sensitive areas.

When Claire moved away and began to masturbate, Evelyn did the same each girl intently watching the other until they had brought themselves to a climax. Claire first and then a short while afterwards, Evelyn reached her own.

Time had slipped by and they realised that it was starting to get dark outside so Evelyn got up off the bed and started to put her skirt and knickers on and adjust her small shirt ready to get back to her van. Claire however, took off her top which was already unbuttoned and stood totally naked for her leaning back against the bedroom wall, her legs slightly parted and her hips thrust forward. The sight of her small breasts with little puffy pink nipples and the triangle of dark hair that pointed downwards to the place where her fingers had just been, were etched for ever in Evelyn's mind.

Unable to stop herself, she had to kiss and lick those breasts so she pushed her backwards onto the bed and moved over her, her mouth closing on the pink nipples, making Claire cry out with the pleasure of it. Evelyn had no idea how sensitive those breasts were and as she sucked on them Claire had an orgasm, pressing her vagina hard against Evelyn's naked leg which was between hers. Evelyn felt it throbbing and coursing through her leg as the vagina slid up and down her exposed thigh, liquid and so slippery.

Claire lay there beneath Evelyn, totally naked, her eyes half closed, making small almost imperceptible movements as she continued to press that beautiful slippery spot against Evelyn's leg. At last they moved apart and Evelyn stood up and dressed ready to leave but before she did so, Claire wanted to look at her for a little longer and asked her to keep her panties on but to lift her skirt and open her legs. Once again, she did as she was asked and for several minutes, they looked at each other until finally, by unspoken mutual consent they both kissed for a final time before Evelyn returned to her van.

The next evening after spending a boring day out and about with her parents, Evelyn once again made her way down to Claire's van but it was empty.

They must have finished their holiday that day and packed up and left. She felt a little hurt that Claire hadn't bothered to tell her and it was then that she realised that apart from the fact that she came from Durham, she had no idea of her surname. It never occurred to her to go to the camp office and ask but it was a chance meeting and it was some months later when idly thinking about that holiday and the girl that she realised that she could have found out but by then, Claire was probably already back with her girlfriend and nothing would have come from attempting to rekindle the sexual interlude.

Disappointed, she walked across to the small wood where they had been the previous evening and sitting on the log, sensing the roughness of the bark once again, eased her feeling of loss by touching herself, immersing herself in the thoughts of the previous couple of days until an orgasm overtook her.

Not all was lost however, she had a memory of forbidden sex to use when she masturbated and for a few weeks, she seemed to be able to just think of Claire and the picture of her body and the silkiness she found between the girl's legs and an orgasm came fairly swiftly.