 I guess I have always had a curiosity about women, not that I didn't like men. I have only been with a few guys, because my relationships have always been long ones. Not that I have been sheltered or not been given the opportunity to try different things. My boyfriend's and I have always experimented with new things, so I have actually tried a lot of things. But I have never really had the chance to be with another woman in a comfortable setting.

I live with a long time friend of my, Marion. We have always been just friends, and didn't want to ruin that with anything else. We had a lot of fun together, and completely contrasted each other in some ways. For starters, he is black and I am white. I am a petite 5'6" and 110 pounds, with shoulder length blonde hair and green eyes. Marion is 6'1", 225 pounds with brown eyes and very short hair. We have been roommates for two years now though we have known each other since before high school. He is a good looking guy, and therefore spends time with some very attractive women. It wasn't rare for me to run into them at any time, even though our apartment was pretty large. I guess it must have been this that really peaked my curiosity more about women. I am newly single, and though I have thought about women, the thought of being with one of the lovely black girls he brought home, was a real turn on. Their smooth skin, confidence, and sexy demeanor just peaked my fantasies.

Marion is seeing someone on a regular basis now. Her name is Trina, and I think she is probably the prettiest of the girls he has gone out with. She is always very nice with a great personality, and she has a great sense of humor. Her looks are as lovely as her personality. She has long, straight, flowing dark hair, down to her lower back. She has a dark complexion, and it is obvious that she takes good care of her body. Her breasts are not small by any measure, and her behind is very curvacious, but not big. She has cat like eyes that it would be easy to get lost in if I stared into them for a little while. I find myself always looking forward to seeing her when I know she was coming over or staying the night. I like seeing her in the tight skirts and pants that she likes to wear, they show off her tone legs and thighs perfectly, not to mention her lovely butt.

Last week Friday night, I was spending some quality time with myself, enjoying my new bachlorette lifestyle just watching movies and exploring the internet. I was in my room at about 11 o'clock, when I heard Marion and Trina come in. My bedroom is at the opposite end of the house from the livingroom, kitchen, and Marion's room, so I didn't really expect to see them at all that night. It was about 1 0'clock when I decided to go into the kitchen for something to drink, so I wandered down the hall and got a soda from the refrigerator. The apartment was dark, with only a light on above the sink. I tried to be as quiet as possible, not hearing any sound from Marion's bedroom across the livingroom, and not seeing any light from under his door. I got back to my room and sat back down on the bed to finish watching the movie I had started, but I was only in my room for a few minutes when I heard a light tap on my door.

I was kinda surprised when I opened the door and saw Trina there. She just smiled and said that she hoped that she was not bothering me. She was only wearing one of Marion's t-shirts, and for some reason I couldn't help but wonder to myself what she was wearing underneath.

"Hi, no not at all, I was just watching a movie." It would be impossible for her to bother me regardless of what I was doing.

"Well...I just heard you up. I couldn't sleep and Marion fell asleep hours ago, so I was just wondering if I could stay up with you."

Honestly, a lot of thoughts raced through my mind, but there was no way I could say no to her.

"Sure." I opened the door more, allowing her to come in beforing closing the door behind her.

My room was dark, except for the light from the t.v.

"I was just watching this stupid movie on the comedy channel. You can watch it with me, or I can turn on something else if you want."

"No, anything's fine," she said, "I just couldn't lay there awake anymore."

I laughed softly, "I know what that's like. Sorry I don't have a lot of chairs in here, but you can sit on the bed if its ok." I realized that I had just offered a place on my bed to the girl that I have thought about when I layed awake in it.

"That'd be great." Trina walked to the opposite side of the bed and sat down, while I sat down on the side closest to the door. I layed back, then reached over to the night table for the channel guide. I turned on the small light on the table as I opened it.

"Maybe we can find something better to watch." I said to her.

Trina leaned over, laying across the bed to look at the channel guide with me. It was hard not to notice the alluring smell of her perfume as she moved next to me.

"Wow," she exclaimed, "those are pretty underwear, where did you get those?"

I wasn't really wearing much more than her, just a long, button-up blouse over my favorite pair of red and purple satin underwear, but it caught me by surprise that she was looking at my panties. I smiled and laughed.

"I got them at Michelle's Boutique downtown."

"Those are lovely." I was stunned to see Trina reach over and touch my panties.

"Is that Lace?" She asked more curiously than anything.

"Yeah." Is all I could say as I felt her hand just above the crotch of my underwear.

"Nice." She looked at me and smiled.

"I'm sorry, does this bother you?"

I was surprised that she couldn't feel the warmth growing inside them. I almost didn't know what to say.

"Not at all." I smiled at her, not quite realizing what was happening.

"Really?" Trina smiled slyly, her hand actually sliding lower, between my legs.

"Snap crotch?"

Before I could answer her, I felt her tug at them, the snaps that covered my now warm mound releasing.

"Mmmmm....I guess so."

I didn't know how to react, but this was like a fantasy coming to life. I looked down, into Trina's deep eye's a she crawled up next to me.

"You know I have thought about this since I met you?" She said, leaning over and pressing her soft, sweet lips against mine. I had never kissed another girl before, but this was nice. She put her hand on my cheek as she kissed me hard, my mouth opening as she slid her tongue slowly inside. The taste of her was wonderful. I lightly brushed her tongue with mine. She must have known how much I was enjoying this, because our tongues entwined as her hand slid down to my neck.

"Oh my, that's nicer than I thought." She said, before starting to gently kiss my cheek, then my chin. Her warm trail of kisses continued down the nape of my neck as I felt her unbuttoning my blouse. I could feel it open as she ran her soft fingers slowly down my neck and between my small, but firm and sensitive breasts. I just gasped as she kissed the valley between them.

"Do you like?" She asked lovingly.

"Oh yes..." I never felt anything more sensual. "It feels wonderful."

I ran my fingers through her smooth, dark hair as I felt her warm mouth moving up my breast. I began to caress her back, my nipple hardening as she ran her wet tongue over it. I moaned softly, loving how she gently circled my nipple with her tongue before taking it between her lips. She sucked it lightly, then knelt up next to me, sliding her t-shirt over her head to expose her luscious, ample breasts. Her smooth, dark, soft skin looked so perfect in the dim light.

"Oh my god..." I was so thrilled to see her this way. "You are so beautiful."

Trina just smiled and brought her head back down to my breasts. I reached under her, taking one of her hard nipples between my fingers and caressed it gently. I heard her moan as I felt her warm hand slide down my stomach to the exposed mound between my legs. Her hand passed over it, teasing me. Her fingers danced gently up and down my thigh. I was in heaven. I slid my hand down her back, and over her firm ass. I caressed it, so soft and firm. Squeezing it gently as her hand found its way back to my moist, smooth lips.

"Oh Trina, that's so nice." 

She grazed my lips with her fingers before sitting back up. She looked like she was going to move down the bed.

"No, wait." I put my hand on her beautiful waist.

I slid my fingers into the waistband of the small black panties she was wearing, and slid them down to her knees as she knelt before me. I sat up a bit and leaned over, kissing her stomach, my hands on her hips. I slid my one hand slowly around the front of her gorgeous black body until I felt the trim, dark, curly hair that lay as a welcome mat to her most delicious place. She layed down on her back, allowing me to slide her panties off. I let the shirt fall from my shoulders and layed next to her. I kissed her, with all the sensual passion that she filled me with. I loved the feeling of her body against mine.

As we kissed, I felt her hand slide between my legs. My smooth, warm pussy eager for her touch. I opened my legs as I positioned my hand between hers. She was wet. Her moisture silky, warm, inviting. I slid my finger gently inside her, until I felt the hard nub that let me know that she was hot as I was. As I squeezed it gently she lifted her hips. I was so aroused just to the see the pleasure I was giving her. I began rubbing her clit, as I felt her soft hand spreading my lips, and a finger sliding deep inside me. It was the most wonderful sensation as we both explored each other.

Trina was sweet. Her touch was soft and caring as she started to slide her finger in and out of my aching pussy. I couldn't help but rock my hips in rythm with her hand. I could hardly stand it. I had wondered for so long what this would be like, being with a woman. And now, being with the woman that filled me with lust long before I knew she felt this way about me, I was in ecstacy. I sat up again, sliding my fingers out of Trina's warm pussy. I brought them to my mouth and licked them. Her taste was so much sweeter than I could have imagined. I knew I had to have more.

Kneeling on the bed, I positioned myself over her, with my legs on either side of her head. I lowered my head, and as I rubbed her swollen pussy lips, I delighted in her hot aroma. I kissed it softly, before running my tongue down the length of her delicious pussy. Oh my god how I loved this. I slid my tongue inside her as I felt her hands massaging my ass, pulling my hips down. With a quick movement, she slid her tongue deep inside my pussy. My body jolted and I let out a moan as I licked her. I could tell Trina had been with women before. The way she massaged my pussy with her tongue while rubbing my clit with her fingers. I took her clit into my mouth, wanting to give her the same pleasure she was giving me. I sucked it gently between my lips as i flicked it with my tongue. This just felt so right.

Trina was humping my face now as I sucked her clit harder. I suddenly felt her entire mouth engulf my lips and suck me. As she sucked me so perfectly, I felt her wet finers tracing my ass, between my cheeks. I wasn't able to take my mouth from her sweet pussy. She sucked my lips hard, then let go before shoving her mouth between them, at the same time sliding a finger into the tight hole between my cheeks.

"OH MY GOD!" I cried out.

Hearing my screams, she buried her tongue deep in my love hole, shoving her finger deep in my ass. My back arched as I squeezed her finger. I have had anal sex with guys, but I have never felt such pleasure as Trina's finger in it while eating my pussy. I started to suck and lick at her pussy vigorously. I could tell that she was almost ready to cum by how hard she push her pussy against my face. There was no doubt that if she kept fingering my ass that I would cum with her.

I felt her massaging my hot ass with her finger, teasing me, working me good as the tension built inside me. She started fingering hard, as she sucked my clit good. My whole body tensed as I devoured sweet Trina's tasty pussy. My body shuttered, my ass tightening around her finger as I felt my juices start pouring out. She continued to lick and finger me as I came, just before her body started to shake. I could feel her hot, silky cum on my tongue, covering my face. It was so delicious, I kept licking. Trina lapped up the last of my cum, and as I finished her off, she gave me a playful spank on the ass. I crawled off of her and sat down beside her.

"Oh my god honey," I started, "I have to be honest, that was the best sex I have ever had." She just smiled.

I leaned down and kissed the girl of my dreams, both of us hot, and spent.

Later, after she got dressed, she assured me that this would not be the last time we did this. For me though, I knew that I had already slept with the last man I ever will.