 This is a true story told to me by a very good friend, of her first time with another woman. She asked me to write it for her. Most of the words are hers. I hope she, and you enjoy it.

Anne and I had been best friend for a number of years. We did everything together. I don't remember us ever having a fight. She came over to my house a lot, and I would go to hers. We were like two pees in a pod, though we didn't look all that much alike. We went though puberty together, shared stories of first dates, first kisses, and every sexual experience we had. I loved her, and still do, even though she's in another country now and we are over a thousand miles apart. 

We spent many nights at each other's houses too. This is what happened on this particular night. It was a Friday evening and we were together at my house, she was sleeping over. My Mom was out, we had showered, and had on just our t-shirts and panties. We had been laughing and giggling all evening. We had also been talking about sex almost nonstop and both of us were very horny. I had no idea Anne was as horny as I soon found out she was. 

We were talking about a boy; I don't even remember his name. I had a date with him on Saturday night and Anne had dated him previously. He was very popular and all the girls chased him, and I was nervous about our upcoming date. I was afraid I wouldn't be as good for him as the other girls. It was scary, I didn't want to be the laughing stock of the school if the date went wrong. 

Anne could tell how worried I was, and had been talking absolute filth all evening. I was squirming on the couch with her alongside me and our talk turned me on more and more. I asked what he was like, how did he kiss, how far would he'd want to go on the first date. 

Anne moved close to me and answered, "I can show you if you'd like." With that she kissed me full on the mouth. I was stunned, frozen to the spot. My lips didn't move, neither encouraging her, nor repulsing her. It was seconds, but seemed much longer, and before I could stop myself, I responded kissing her back, thinking that this was nothing more than "kissing practice."

Her tongue came out gently as if not to scare me away. My lips felt it first, and then she probed slowly. I opened my mouth. Her tongue touched mine and my whole body seemed to be on fire. My best friend, her tongue inside my mouth! Waves of pleasure swept over me. The sensation was like nothing I had ever felt in my entire life. 

It was a beautiful kiss, long and tender, yet so passionate, and went on and on and on. Her tongue felt so wonderful inside my mouth. My heart raced. I could feel that she was breathless and I realized that I was too, and then I felt her hand cup my breast through my t-shirt. I almost fainted I loved her so much. If another girl had touched me that way I would have run a mile, but I pressed myself further against her, pushing my breast into her hand. I heard myself moan into her mouth. She pulled my t-shirt up and her hands slipped inside to hold and caress my naked breasts while our lips continued to press together, tongues playing, exploring. I didn't want to move - I couldn't move. The feelings that ran through my body were incredible. 

She pushed me back on the couch. I could not have stopped her if I wanted to now. She pulled my shirt up to my shoulders, knelt in front of me and cupping my breasts, covered my nipple with her hot mouth, sucking gently but insistently. I had never felt anything so sensuous in my life. 

I had never felt so turned on. My hands went to her hair marveling that a girl, my best friend, was sucking my breasts. Oh, my God, I could have cum just like that, looking down at her beautiful face, her mouth moving from one nipple to the other, sucking, biting, teasing my nipples to a hardness I had never known, her hands molding, stroking my swelling breasts. The emotions that rolled over me were the most intense of my life. Little did I know that the best was yet to come.

Her hands left my breasts, I didn't notice at first as her mouth was still so erotically sucking my nipple, her magic tongue playing over it. . Then I felt her hands pulling at the sides of my panties. My heart soared. I instinctively lifted my hips so she could pull them off. She slid them down my legs, and off. 

Anne spread my legs, moving between them, lifting them up. My God, I couldn't believe it, my best friend was opening my thighs, spreading my pussy open, looking inside me. Her head lowered, and I watched as if in slow motion, her tongue came out, and she licked me, from the bottom of my pussy to the top. The tongue that moments ago had been inside my mouth setting me on fire now set a more indescribable fire in my pussy. Her tongue was pointed, spreading my lips, wriggling inside me. She was licking my cunt, not a word had been spoken, and none was needed. 

My orgasm was building. Rushing forward, engulfing me, when she suddenly stopped. I almost cried out. She lifted my legs higher and moved her hungry mouth to my ass. She licked my anus, and then tried to shove her tongue into me. I screamed as I came. No one had ever touched me there, let alone licked me. I came and came and came, yelling out as she moved back to my pussy, devouring my clit. Wave after wave of intense pleasure overwhelmed me. I was coming continuously as this lovely girl, my best friend, licked and sucked at my wide spread pussy. 

Fortunately, she heard she car in the driveway. I was in no fit state to hear anything. She stopped working her magic, and urgently told me to go clean myself up. Realizing that we were seconds away from being caught, I staggered to the bathroom, where I sat recovering. Eventually I could stand, put my panties back on, I didn't remember even grabbing them as I had rushed out. I washed my hands and went to join Anne and Mother. 

Anne looked so sexy at me, and asked me if my tummy was OK now. That made me giggle and took away the awkwardness' of the moment and covered our movements. We spent the rest of the evening playing games, and waiting for Mom to go to bed. We both knew we would be together again later. I could hardly tear my eyes from her breasts, the juncture of her thighs, so thinly clad. 

She was sleeping in the guest bedroom and we had made no plans for her to come to me, but I knew she would. I was naked and almost trembling waiting for her. She crept in after making sure my Mom was asleep, took her gown off, and climbed in bed with me. We were both so excited we kissed and cuddled for ages. Having her naked, soft woman's body against mine was so fantastic. Our breasts felt so natural and wonderful against each other, our pussies rubbed together, grinding, exciting. Her lips and tongue played with mine, teaching me. She began to work her magic on my breasts again kissing, fondling them. She straddled my body, then after a while she moved upward till her breasts were over my mouth. By now I was desperate to please her. I sucked her breasts feeling the soft skin in my mouth, against my tongue, till her nipples became hard and erect. I licked and sucked them the way I enjoyed mine being worked on. 

She moved upward again till she was kneeling over my mouth. I could smell her sweet sexual excitement. I was looking up at another girl's pussy for the first time in my life. It was so overwhelmingly erotic, I can still remember clearly if I close my eyes, she lowered herself, and I put my tongue inside her. From the first taste I was hooked, I couldn't get enough of her pussy. God, she tasted delicious, smelled divine. I licked and sucked her as if I had been doing it for years. I wouldn't let her off of me even though she came and came and came. Finally she fell to the side spent. 

It was funny because we had to keep quiet. When she had recovered, and it was my turn, I had to put a pillow over my face to keep the noise down. We made love all that night and didn't sleep at all. The next day we looked like death warmed over. I cancelled my date with the guy. Funny I can't remember his name, and he was the cause of my seduction by Anne. 

Anne was my first and my very best. She was beautiful and it never occurred to us that what we were doing was wrong. But of course we make sure that no one knew, or there would have been hell to pay. Anne told me that her piano teacher had seduced her a couple of months previous to our first time. We made love many wonderful times after that. 

When we married we were bridesmaids for each other. Even married, we still made love from time to time when we could. Time passed and we still saw each other, but our lovemaking became rarer and rarer. She had a lovely child and then her husband took a job in another country and they moved. We still e-mail each other, but never seem to talk about sex. 

Anne was my first, and I still love her. She taught me everything about making love to another woman. Even after all these years she is still the best kisser I have ever known. Even now, when I am making love to another women, her face will flash before me for a glorious moment and I will smile. If she reads this I hope she recognizes herself even though the name I have used for her is different.