 Chapter 1 - Futanaristi the Trixter

-------------------------

The chapter where Karly gets her magic cock from the fairy Futanaristi the Trixter.

*****

Karly cries herself to sleep because she has feelings for her best friend and she's confused. She just wants to be a normal girl, but she's always been more attracted to girls, from way back when she was 11 or 12. Now that she was so much older at 18 it made her very confused.

And her best friend Lori was so cute. They were both senior cheerleaders and she loved hanging out with her and catching glimpses in the locker room. Lori came and had sleep-overs and Karly loved those times the most. Being so close to her friend and dream lover was so good and so hard. Lori usually slept in just panties and a small t-shirt and it was agony for Karly to be so close to her body and not be able to touch her.

She shook her head and hugged herself and cried herself to sleep in frustration. Her dreams that night were filled visions of her friend and the other cheerleaders naked and nubile. Her dreams were powerfull and sensual and she let herself be taken along the ride. In her dream Lori came up to her and slid up against her body, and reached down and felt her privates. And molded them, she felt her friend's hand lift her clit and pull the surrounding skin and create a shaft, a penis. Her penis.

And then her friend mounted her and Karly felt her new girl-penis enter Lori and she began to ride Karly like a wild vixen. Lori bounced and orgasmed on top of Karly's magic penis and then the other cheerleaders took their turns...Karly smiled as her erotic dream continued. This is what she wanted, to satisfy her friend like this and the other girls as well.

This is what she wished.

Her wish wrapped up in the powerful erotic dream was able to summon from the ether a fantastical creature that answered only to summons like this. Karly was visited by the fairy Futanaristi the trixter. Sparkles filled the girls room as lithe form coalesced out of the darkness, a female form, a beautiful female, with blue hair, green eyes and a mischievous smile. There was one distinguishing feature of the fairy. sprouting from her waist was a superb penis. 

Hard as a rock with a slight throb, in tune with her fairy heartbeat, dripping in glistening pre-cum, copious in its clear drips, coating the cock in a sheen that caused it to shine in the moonlight. It presented itself proudly from under the leafy skirt of the trixter. Futanaristi walked over to the bed and stood over the girl. The magic penis throbbed harder as it sensed it was near a virgin. The Fairey bit her lip and leaned back and let her penis relish the soon to be conquest. Pulsing in sexual anger. A drip of pre-cum flipped off the purple tip of her cock and landed on Karly's lips, she licked off the sexual juices and moaned. 

In her dream she heard Lori.

"Honey love, slide your panties down." Karly moaned and followed the orders of her dream-lover-friend. Futanaristi's smile widened but her eyes half closed as she was sharing Karly's dream. The two of them riding the erotic lesbian fantasy.

"Spread your legs dearest, spread them for me." whispered Lori in her dream.

"yessssss" whispered the delirious Karly as she spread her legs and opened her most vulnerable parts up for ravishing.

Futanaristi leapt up on the bed and knelt between the teenagers spread legs. She leaned down like a feral cat and sniffed the girls moistened vagina and breathed a full deep breath. Then she crawled over the girl and leaned her face down close to Karly's face and brought her lips in contact with the girl.

Karly dreamed she was kissing her friend Lori, the kiss was rich and full and passionate and EVERYTHING Karly dreamed kissing Lori would be like. Between them Futanaristi's cock throbbed and dripped juice onto Karly's tummy and throbbed and dripped. Its patience was wearing thin. Futanaristi knew from previous conquests that her control of the penis was temporary and at times she felt like its vehicle rather than its owner, the beast she called it and it needed to be fed.

But the time was not yet upon her, she had some remaining control, enough yet to play. She sat up on the girl's tummy now, her fairy cunt naked on the girls bare abdomen, for certain she had a vagina, she was a female demi-god, one endowed with a fem-cock, but a woman nonetheless. She rubbed herself back and forth on the girl and then lifted one of the dreaming girls hands up and wrapped it around the pulsating shaft of the beast.

Karly let out an ooooh as she felt the gooey shaft of the cock in her hand, in her dream the cock was Lori's and her surprise at finding a penis attached to her friend was short lived and quickly overridden by her lust. She wanted Lori inside her she must get Lori inside her. She began to give the Fairy a slippery handjob. up and down went her little teenager hand. It barely went around the huge cock. 

The beast twitched and Futanaristi, squealed and put a closed fist to her mouth. When her penis was this close she knew she had no control. She threw her head back in ecstacy and put both her hands on her breasts. "Yess, my love, my dryad of lust, play with my beasssstie!" And Karly brought her other little hand up and went up and down with both.

Futanaristi shook her wild blue hair and screamed as a lightbulb popped and a stream of semen flew from the head of her fem-cock and Karly felt a hot sticky, gooey stripe of cum lace across her face. In her dream it was from her best friend Lori. She kept pumping Futanaristi's throbbing penis as a second streamer of fem-cum laced across her chest. Then three more strings in quick succession and then two jerking thrusts more shot cum across the girls mouth and eyes. Futanaristi came and came on the girl until she seemed sated and the beast settled down and dribbled some last long slow dripping strings of white shining cum perfectly down into Karly's belly button, filling it and runnng over the edge and running down the girls abdomen to trickle down in rivulets into her crotch and past and over her pussy lips.

Futanaristi knew the beast was not done, for she was not mortal but of the aether and semen and sex and orgasms were tied to the magical, easily she felt her gourd rise again and she let the girl guide the still hard, still gooey, still throbbing beast down slowly to her nether hole. Karly moaned half in fear as she helplessly guided the agent of her deflowering down and down to her vagina.

"meeww...noo...meewwmmmmnnnooo" she moaned in a fear filled little girl voice, but inexorably she led the intruder to her private place. She led it down, closer. until the purple bulb of the fairy's fem-cock was pressing against the entrance. The girls vagina was already a mess. Her own orgasmic juices, copious amounts of dripping semen and now the leaking pre-cum from the head of Futanaristi's round head.

"nnnnnnnmmmmmeeeww...no, no, nooooo...mmmmmmmmmyyyyeeeesss." she said as she voluntarily against her inner will pulled the cock head harder against her pussy lips. It split her and she started keening as the pain from the violation began to hit her. The fairy's cock was very big and Karly's vaginal opening very young and small and virginal. She squealed as it pressed against her, but there was so much lubrication down there that it slid nonstop into the girl. Karly released her grip finally on the beast as Futanaristi, freed from the girl's hands pressed in smoothly and deeply in one long push. Karly screamed a full throated scream as she was impaled on the fem-cock of the fairy.

It felt like she was split in the middle. 

It was then that Karly opened her eyes and saw the vision of loveliness that was Futanaristi the trixter. Whose breasts hung pert and firm above her own and whose hair glimmered blue in the moonlight. The Fairy pulled back and Karly's eyes went wide in surprise at the pleasure from the backthrust and then Futanaristi descended upon her again and fully embedded into the girl. Karly scrinched her eyes closed as it felt as if she was stuffed full.

She opened them again in wonder as her goddess began to fuck her in earnest. This was not as a man, nor a gentle-woman would but as a force of nature. Both kind and cruel, beastly and warm. The Fairy rapidly pounded into the little teenager's pussy and Karly was gasping with each thrust. They built and built and then Futanaristi let out a she-wolf yell and came deep in the girls womb as drool dripped from her mouth onto her naked breasts.

The ejaculate again went on for a long time filling up the girl and dribbling out onto her twin bed. Enough so that the beast escaped from its confines and spurted extra times.

Karly gurgled and her eyes rolled back into her head and she blacked out and remembered no more for the rest of the night.

******

Daylight shines on her for a long time without waking her up. Only when her mom bangs on her door yelling for her to get up does she crack one eye. She can only open the one because the other is sealed shut from dried fairy cum. She is sprawled on her bed with her legs wide and her arms limp beside her. Karly lifted one of her hands and it was covered in some slimy substance. She lifted it high enough to half-see it. It was a gross looking white gooey substance, she realized she was covered in it and touched her breasts (it was all over them) then trailed down her tummy and to her belly button that seemed to be full of the substance and then down further...

Her hand touched something...and lighting of pleasure shocked through her system.

WHAT! She thought. WHAT IS THAT ON ME!

And she tried to brush it away, but it was attached to her...and every touch brought shocks of pleasure.

She got up on an elbow and looked down at her crotch.

A PENIS!

"OH MY GOD!" She exclaimed. "ohmygodomygodomygod!"

She watched in horror as the thing began to GROW, why was it growing?

And then she remembered her dream, the fairy, the fucking. And as she remembered being taken by the fairy and the orgasmic explosion she had the penis started to grow more and more and harden and she felt an urge to grab it. 

"No no no"

But the images of the magic fem-fairy-cock pummeling her little vagina came back and the pleasure from it and the size of the fairy cock and it all came back and Karly found her hand gripping the penis and it felt sooooo goood. Her hand was slimy still from the fairy cum and she started moving her little hand up and down the shaft. It kept growing until it was longer than 10 inches, almost 11, and its girth was so big that her thumb did not meet the tips of her fingers. She started going up and down a bit faster.

"ohmygodohmygod ohmygodohmygodohmygod" She started chanting as the penis started to twitch and she felt her girl balls tighten as her first COCKgasm approached.

"OHMYGOD!!OHMYGOD!!OHMYGOD!!OHMYGOD!!" she was screaming now.

And then IT came.

The penis erupted all over her spurting streams of milky white semen across her body and breasts and face. 

"aaeeeeeeeevvvvvvvvvvveeeeee ehhhsssshhhiiiittt!" She spoke in tongues as the fem-cock unleashed the strings of cum, mixing with the fairy cum still coating her body. It went on and on until she was finally reduced to jerking seizure-like movements in a slower and slower rate. with a last spurt just dribbling out onto her tummy and then a long final shudder and sigh.

She lay still for a minute as the pleasurable orgasm, unlike any she had ever had before, sang through her nerves and tingled her toes.

Finally she came back to her senses and removed her hand from the softening penis in half-revulsion. 

Knock, knock, "Honey are you ok?" asked her mom at the door. "Can I come in?"

Karly jumped up and ran to the door and put her back to it. Her head was still spinning, but she couldn't let her mom see her, covered in cum with a hard cock still twitching from its orgasm. "I'm fine mom...fine, just singing out loud." 

There was a brief pause and then her mom answered, "OK...it's a beautiful Saturday, you should go over to Lori's, She's probably in her pool today."

"OK mom, thanks," said Karly as she sighed as her mom left.

She went back to the bed and sat down on the edge. She saw she had left drips of cum on the floor from her bed to the door. She marveled at the copious amount of slime that covered her virtually completely from her forehead to her knees. She found a tank top on the floor and started to wipe the slime off, she got it off her face and then found her beach towel from yesterday to wipe the rest of the goo off.

The DREAM. The DREAM had been real, she thought. She'd been fucked by a magical fairy. Karly looked down at the flaccid penis, HER flaccid penis and marveled at how it hung down from her crotch. She started to explore herself. Feeling around. A sense of relief swept over her as she felt down behind her balls (she had her own testicles) and located her vagina. She had both a cock and a pussy. Which was a little silver lining.

Her penis was still large even when soft and hung down like a sleeping giant just waiting for its next meal. She looked at it and moved it side to side and looked at her new testicles and fondled her scrotum. How had this happened. It had to be magic, but why her?

Then she remembered her dream before the fairy came. The dream of fucking the cheerleaders. Maybe this was in answer to an unspoken wish. She had wished she could fuck her friend Lori and the other cheerleaders, this was just her wish being granted.

"I can't believe it." She said, but the truth of it lay in her hands as she explored her new penis. She had to believe it.

She was going to get to fuck her friend Lori. And with that her new cock pulsed slightly as the thought coursed through her mind. 

"No, no." she said, "I gotta take a shower first." and she jumped up and grabbed her bathrobe and headed quickly out of her room to the bathroom and into the shower to wash the dried slime from her body, before the monster awoke.

She got in the shower and washed up as quickly as she could, washing the cum off, scrubbing her body. She again marveled at her new penis as she cleaned it. She tried so hard to not excite it, but the splashing water and the soapy water were too much yet again and her cock started to harden yet again.

She got out and dried off with the dick sticking straight out and half hard. She wrapped a towel around herself and quickly trotted back to her room to get dressed.

But already the monster cock was too big too hard and the more she tried to ignore it the more it seemed to demand her attention. She thought of Lori in her little pink bikini. The cloth shaping around her perfect ass, maybe it would be just a bit short and show off the top of her ass crease, maybe the front would just be slightly tight and show off her little cameltoe. Maybe as she got out of the pool Karly would be able to see her pussy through the wet cloth...

She couldn't help herself, her imagination and her new cock combined to steal any willpower she might posess. She started jacking off again But she didn't want to slime herself or her room again and she started looking around for something, anything, to catch her semen: clothes, backpack, pillow case, open window, empty gatorade bottle...

That was it. She grabbed the bottle. Lucky it was a wide neck one, she could just fit the head of her cock inside. Once she had it in she closed her eyes and let her fantasy flow. Lori was lying on a chaise-lounge. Karly walked up behind her and pulled aside her tight bikini bottoms and slid in effortlessly to her friends pussy and started fucking her perfect pussy. 

It didn't take long for Karly to erupt into the gatorade container. She came and came and came and soon the whole bottle was half full, then three quarters then almost to the top as she finished her twitching.

She looked at the bottle in fascination. So much creamy cum. She got the cap and put it on.

Sated again, her cock receded to its relaxed state, hanging limp from the girls crotch. She had an addtional problem now, it seemed that sex was sex and she noticed now that her pussy was wet too, wetter than she could remember it being. She had to dry it before she got dressed. What was she going to do now, how was she going to live like this? Would she have to masturbate every 45 minutes just to stay sane? That was impossible. 

She reached under her balls and found her pussy, just to confirm how wet she was. "Oh My God." she said yet again as the wetness was coursing down her thighs, stringy clear juices from her vagina were sticking to her hand, "Oh no." And now a different sensation grabbed her and her feminine needs took over and she found her clit and started to work on her vagina for a different sort of orgasm. 

But this only brought her cock back to life immediately.

"oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no!"

She played with her clit with one hand and her other started to almost involuntarily massage her regrowing penis. What was this monster, how much could it stand? How was she going to live with this?

Her libido was so high and her fantasies so vivid that she quickly approached a GIRLGasm. This time Lori was naked and kneeling before her and sucking on Karly's cock. And her eyes were looking up at Karly as the huge cock went in and out of her mouth.

Karly came again, but this time it was her pussy and her vagina that brought her over the top. Her cock twitched in sympathy cumming and out dribbled some small spurts of cum onto her tummy, but she was relieved that it was just a few streams of cum on her naked torso not a full onslaught.

Maybe she can control her penis with her vagina, she thought as once again the cock started to relax. Maybe an orgasm with her vagina was as good as one with her cock.

The cum on her tummy was still more than any normal man would ejaculate, three or four times the amount, but it was just a tiny amount compared to the magical amounts her fem-cock was capable of. She was able to easily wipe it up with just her towel from her shower.

She shook her head clear of the fantasies and orgasms her cock now under some semblance of control, now sated and drooping into a relaxed state. She was able to relax and lay back on the bed again and grabbed her iPhone to text Lori.

* yo gf

heya *

* you hittin ur pool

yup *

come on over *

* kk

She almost texted "got something to show ya." But didn't.

Now she had to get dressed. 

She pulled out her cute little bikini, and slipped on the bottoms. That actually made her laugh out loud. Her magic cock overflowed the tiny fabric no matter how she tried to shove it in. She ended up playing around a bit. She could shove the soft member behind her with her legs closed and looked from the front like she didn't have a penis. She wondered what would happen when her cock got hard, would she be able to hide it. She ended up laying it sideways and actually got it, just barely, to stay inside the little bikini front. Her balls were sticking out of the bottom though. She shrugged and pulled on a loose whit skirt and looked in her mirror. 

Yeah it worked, just barely. If you didn't know she had a cock you wouldn't notice it. What if she grew, well...it was the best she could do.

She put on her bikini top and looked at herself up and down in the mirror. She was a great looking girl: pretty face, great hair and she was particularly proud of her breasts. They were just right. Nic C-cups and with this new bikini her breasts were spectacular. The bikini top didn't quite cover all the way to the bottom and the last two inches weren't covered by an fabric, she thought it made her look uber-sexy.

She flipped her skirt up and peeked at her own penis and giggled. Then let the skirt fall back down. She spun on her toes and then with a smile a flip of her hair grabbed her purse and headed over to her friend's house. Her thoughts bent on Lori and conquest.