 I guess for awhile I was one of those "make-out" girls. You know, the ones that get a little tipsy and make out with a girlfriend at a club or something. Of course I'd given some thought to doing more, but I never made any moves to do so. Thank god Ashley came along.

I met Ashley through a friend and immediately thought she was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. She has porcelain skin, big blue eyes, and long black hair down to her perfectly sculpted ass. There's something more to her than just beauty. Her eyes seem to look straight through you. 

We has started hanging out a bit, going shopping where I'd have her try on things that I'd never be brave enough to wear. God, she looked hot in that vinyl corset! It surprised me, but when I watched her try it on, I felt my pussy getting moist. That's when it hit me; I wanted to fuck this girl, to feel her hands all over my body, to suck on her beautiful breasts and writhe naked together on her bed. I didn't tell her because I was too nervous. Kissing a girl and sleeping with one are two very different things.

Ashley invited me over to watch movies one evening. It was the first evening we were spending in together, and I swear, my panties were damp before I even made it through her front door. She greeted me with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. The hug was different than her usual greeting. She pulled me close, pressed her tits on mine, and held me for a bit longer than normal. My knees weakened as I returned her embrace.

We sat silently watching some comedy. I don't even remember what it was because I was so turned on by Ashley sitting next to me. She was wearing a low cut camisole which showed off her perky round tits. They were almost hypnotic as they rose and fell with her breathing. About halfway through the movie, she snapped off the TV. I blinked, snapped out of my daydreaming and looked at her. She fixed me with one of her direct stares.

"Are we going to cut the bullshit, Kate?" My pulse quickened as I asked what she meant. "You know exactly what I mean. Don't think I don't notice how you look at me." And with that (very accurate) accusation, Ashley leaned forward and pressed her lips on mine. I stiffened in surprise at first, then melted into the kiss. It grew deeper and we swirled our tongues together.

"Wow" I murmured softly. She smiled at me and kissed me again, then trailed her lips down to my neck. "Mmmm....you found my hot spot" I said, and she licked and kissed all over my neck and shoulders. I responded with a moan and she straddled my lap. 

"Go ahead...touch me anywhere" she encouraged. She took my hands in hers and guided them up her waist and onto her tits. The felt full and soft in my hands as I gently massaged them. I was growing more comfortable with the situation and pulled her camisole off over her head. I was left with the sexy sight of her tits staring me in the face.

"Can I kiss them?" She leaned forward bringing those beautiful nipples closer. I licked the right one, then the left. I felt her hands unbuttoning my shirt and start to play with my own nipples. I moaned again, my mouth full of tit. I loved the way her tits felt and sucked harder. My clit was throbbing as she nibbled on my ear while rubbing my tits. 

"Come on" she commanded. She slid off my lap, grabbed my hand, and pulled me into her bedroom. We stood there for a bit, making out and groping each others tits like mad. "Undress completely, I want to see you fully naked" she whispered hoarsely. I obliged, stepping out of my jeans and panties while she shed her pajama bottoms, no panties there to worry about. 

"Wait, I've never actually had sex with a girl before" I confessed. She laughed softly and licked my neck again.

"Does it look like I care?" she responded and pushed me gently onto the back. She mounted me and plunged her tongue back into my mouth, our breasts rubbing together. I was so hot at this point I thought I was going to explode. Ashley kissed her way down my body and started nibbling my inner thighs. I closed my eyes in anticipation as I felt her delicate feminine fingers part my pussy lips.

"OH!" I gasped as she started licking my juicy clit. She circled it with her tongue, teasing it until I was obviously in an intense state of excitement. Then the naughty bitch raised her head and mockingly asked if I wanted more. "Oh god...don't stop!" My hips were moving up and down trying to reach her tongue. 

"You want me to lick your fucking cunt? You want me to push my fingers in and out of that wet hole?" She taunted me in a low voice until I was about to physically cram her face back into my pussy. She bent her head again and resumed licking my slit up and down and slipped two fingers inside me. 

"Oh yesss....just like that! Don't stop! Suck my pussy!" I yelled, writhing furiously. She continued licking and fingering me until I felt myself about to come. "OH yes, oh yes, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" I screamed as I felt my orgasm rip through my body. As I grew calmer, she moved up my body and french kissed me so I could taste myself in her mouth. "Sit on my face" I whispered. I had lost all nervousness even though I was about to eat my first pussy. There's no way I could let her give me an orgasm like that without repaying her!

Ashley slid her hips up until her glistening pussy was poised right above my face. I took a second to admire her slick, pink petals. Holding her slender thighs, I took my first taste of her. I liked it! I started slowly at first, teasing her, not quite touching her clit. I felt her legs start to tremble and heard her sigh with pleasure. I darted my tongue in and out of her hole for a minute, her wetness spreading to my face. 

"Oh harder" she whimpered as I finally moved my tongue up and firmly pressed it against her clit. I lapped faster at her pink bud, enjoying listening to her moans of pleasure. I liked watching her tits heaving from my angle as she gasped for more. I slid my fingers up her cunt and pumped them in and out while I worked her clit. Her hips were moving back and forth, almost ramming her sweet pussy into my face. Her breath was quickening now and I knew she was close. I pressed my fingers into her g-spot while I licked and felt her spasm.

"OH fuck, oh fuck, lick me, lick me, lick me!!!" She was going crazy while I lapped up all her cream. "Don't stop, I'm CUMMING!" She came hard, swearing like a sailor, which just turned me on even more. I slowed my tongue as her orgasm subsided and she slid off my face and lay down next to me. We smiled at each other and kissed, enjoying the flavor of our combined pussy juice.

"I loved that" I told her honestly. She grinned at me mischievously and I knew she had been planning it for some time now.

"Me too, babe" she replied as she playfully slapped my ass.

We drifted off to sleep, nestled naked together in her bed. I don't think we slept for more than a few hours when I woke up to feel Ashley stroking my body. I felt myself getting hot all over again! She was spooning me and reached over my side to cup my breast in her hand. I felt a small bite on the neck along with her warm breath. Fully awake now, I rolled over and started kissing her. 

Our making out quickly heated up as we ran our hands all over each other. She started rubbing my pussy with the palm of her hand, which got pretty sticky from my wet juices. 

"I want to fuck you" she said, looking me in the eyes. I nodded eagerly, not quite understanding what she meant, but trusting her completely. She straddled my hips and lowered hers until our cunts were on top of each other. Peeling open both our pussy lips, she moved around until our clits were touching. She started rubbing her pussy on mine and it felt so fucking good. I had never even thought to try this, but I loved the way our slippery clits collided as we bucked our hips. Our breathing grew heavier and our tits bounced like crazy as we fucked, and it didn't take long for us to cum together, gasping and moaning.

We fell asleep with our legs tangled and enjoyed a hot shower the next morning. But that's a whole other story.