 It was a big group going down for the conference. Kathy was a presenter and was deep in thought about her forthcoming session. 

"Hiya," he said, bringing her out of her reverie.

"Hey babe. How are you?" she replied. 

"All ready for the big one?" he asked. 

Kathy's head snapped back as she looked up into his face. Did he know? Had he found out? 

"No." she thought, "Not possible. Not possible at all!" 

He was talking about the presentation – nothing else.

Her heartbeat returned to normal and she took a deep breath. As Pete moved amongst the other group members she watched him – tall, thick black hair, dark green eyes and a smile that could still make her weak at the knees. Earlier that year, they had been an item, had indulged in an exciting and illicit affair. But they had fitted too well together...been too hot to handle and it had threatened his marriage and her sanity. They had ended it but their friendship had remained. They were still very close – they understood each other. 

Yet in the dark of the night she still thought about him, still remembered the feeling of his mouth on her pussy, his tongue on her clit as he brought her to orgasm. Other lovers had been tried and found wanting, none of them living up to the mark that he had left on her. She wondered if he still felt the same. At times she had caught him watching her and seen the lust in his eyes – oh yes it was still there all right. But would it be enough for him to play her game?

Kathy hated flying. She knew it was safer than most forms of transport, but she always imagined that her flight would be the one that crashed, the statistical one. It made for a fraught few hours for her. However, this flight would be different. She had her colleagues to talk to, her notes to go over and....she had her fantasy.

Her fantasy – the one she had dreamed of for years – her lesbian bondage affair. Kathy was definitely not gay. She had however been in a couple of bi-scenes. Nothing heavy really and though she had enjoyed it at the time, she still was unsure about it all. Yet for some reason, the thought of being tied up, and helpless, having another woman wreck havoc on her body, unable to prevent them from doing whatever they wanted to do to her, making her come over and over, excited her beyond belief. Now her fantasy was about to be realised.

She had met a lesbian couple online who were keen to help her fulfil her fantasy. She had been very clear that this was a one-sided affair but they were happy to go along with the game. They lived in the city where the conference was being held and they had planned to meet up with Kathy for dinner that night to finalise the details for the following evening.

There was however another part to this plan, something that made it so much more exciting. Thinking of it took her breath away, made her legs weak, made her pussy gush. 

She wanted to be watched!!! 

As it so happened, Pete was a voyeur – and she wanted him to be the one watching!!! She had discussed it with the girls and they were fine with that. They had even commented that this was their chance to teach a man a thing or two about pleasing a woman!!!! However, she hadn't mentioned it to him. Part of her thought that he would jump at the chance, but part of her wasn't sure, was afraid he would reject the offer. She knew she had to talk to him about it soon – she had put it off long enough.

She noticed an empty seat alongside him and sat down, buckling her seatbelt.

"Hey darlin," he said. "You OK? Handling the flight alright?" She smiled to herself – little did he know!! 

"Actually this one isn't too bad thanks," she replied.

They chatted easily as they always did, laughing and joking with each other. They really did have a great relationship – maybe it would be okay. Encouraged by this thought she broached the subject.

"I'm meeting up with some friends tonight for dinner. They are lesbians and I have asked them to help me fulfil one of my fantasies." 

Kathy did not need to elaborate – Pete knew exactly what she was talking about – they had once discussed their fantasies openly. Still did every now and then. They had even written each other erotic stories detailing these same fantasies.

His face broke into a knowing smile and he laughed in that seductive way he had.

"Oh yes. I know just the one! Good for you." he said.

Kathy's heart was racing and her palms were sweating – partly from nerves, partly from the excitement of thinking about the whole scene.

"Well... I was...wondering...." She hesitated.

Pete's green eyes darkened and his expression grew serious.

"Go on," he whispered huskily. It was as if he knew what she was going to ask. Their eyes locked and she said quietly

"Do you want to watch?"

The atmosphere between them was electric. Pete was unable to hide the growing bulge in his jeans – she knew the thought of it excited him tremendously – it was one of his fantasies too. But would that be enough for him to agree – was this a dangerous step back to where they had once been? He licked his dry lips and nodded imperceptibly.

"Yes," he replied, his voice hoarse with desire. "Yes I do want to watch. Are the girls okay with that?".

Kathy thought she would come right there in her seat. Her clit was throbbing, rigid, rubbing against her thong and she was wet, so very wet.

She told him "Yes, the girls are fine. But Pete...there can be no sex between us...just you watching OK? We can't risk starting this – us - up again. I don't want to go through that again....ever".

"OK. That's fine. I agree – just watching. But you know that I will want to fuck you. Seeing you like that...." His voice trailed off. 

He took a deep breath and said quietly, "In fact, I want to fuck you right now. I know you are wet. I want to taste it, to make you come with my tongue, come on my face, come on my cock."

"Stop Pete...please stop!" she begged. "This was a mistake."

At that moment, the person who's seat Kathy was sitting in returned.

"We'll talk later," he said as she rose to leave."When we land".

She nodded her agreement and returned to her seat.

The rest of the flight was uneventful and before Kathy knew it the plane had landed. Bags were collected, taxis hailed and they were off to their hotel. Kathy found it difficult to look at Pete – afraid that her face would reflect her sexual excitement – that she would reveal herself to the others. Or was she more afraid of what she would see on his face? Her stomach contracted. She was beginning to wish that she hadn't mentioned it. And what if it did lead to something else? It had been so hard at the end of their affair – so difficult just to remain friends. She dismissed the negative thoughts from her mind. It would be fine – she would make sure it was!!!

Completing the formalities of checking in, Kathy unpacked her suitcase and began revising her notes again. She wanted to be word perfect for tomorrow. She had requested a single room, using her insomnia as an excuse. Truth was, she didn't want questions asked about her nocturnal activities and having her own room was the best way to prevent this.

Various colleagues dropped by to see her – they were all planning to go out for dinner. Kathy declined on the basis of meeting old friends for dinner. She grinned to herself - little did they know! Pete was conspicuous by his absence and she worried that he might have changed his mind.

She showered and changed for dinner, dressing carefully in tight black jeans and a figure hugging white angora sweater. It was only casual, but she wanted to make a good impression. She applied her makeup carefully reflecting on the fact that she was dressing to impress women and not men, as was usually the case. Making a final check of her appearance in the full-length mirror, she was ready to leave. There was a knock at the door and she walked over to answer it. Pete was standing there, obviously dressed to go out as well. God he was handsome!! He ran his eyes appreciatively over her as he stepped into the room.

"Looking great as usual babe," he commented.

"Thanks and right back at ya," Kathy replied.

"I just wanted to check that you hadn't changed your mind. And I wanted to apologise for my comments on the plane. Forgive me?" he asked her with that gorgeous smile plastered all over his face. 

He knew her so well – knew she was the over analytical one – always looking for what might go wrong – frequently pulling back, slowing it down. He also knew that once she had made up her mind, there was no stopping her.

"No I haven't babe. You still ok as well?"

The look on his face told her all she needed to know. Her heightened sexual awareness made her vulnerable – she needed to get away from him before she threw herself at him – made a fool of herself. She had to play it cool. She picked up her bag and keys and walked to the door.

"You have a good time tonight Craig won't you?"

"You too babe." He walked away from her then turned and grinned, giving her a knowing wink.

The two girls met her at a local restaurant. Jasmine and Erica were attractive women, one dark, one a redhead contrasting with her fairness. The three of them got on like a house on fire and the night passed quickly. They discussed the details for the following night and Kathy found herself getting incredibly aroused. She couldn't wait to get back to her room – she had business to take care of. However, the girls had other ideas. As they waited outside for her taxi. Erica put her arm around Kathy's waist, dropping her hand down and squeezing her cheeks gently. Suddenly they both pulled her into the alleyway alongside the restaurant and pushed her up against the wall.

"What are you doing?" Kathy asked, confused at this turn of events.

Jasmine replied, "Just wanted to give you a little taste of what you're in for baby girl."

"No. Not here, not now. Please. Wait for tomorrow night!" Kathy protested.

The girls ignored her – Jasmine pinned her arms by her sides. She was bigger and stronger than Kathy and struggling was futile. Erica stroked Kathy's pussy through her jeans, then reached up and undid them, lowering them just enough to give her access to her soaking wet slit. She slipped a finger under the g-string and pushed it deep inside her. Kathy moaned loudly and couldn't help but push her hips up toward Erica's probing finger.

"Jesus you are so wet. You are going to be fun to play with aren't you?" Erica commented. She inserted another finger, and placed her thumb on Kathy's throbbing clit.

Reluctantly Kathy could feel her climax building – the girls, the alley, the thought that at any moment someone could walk past and see her being held against her will and finger fucked to orgasm by two women. These thoughts and the constant driving pressure of Erica's fingers and thumb pushed her over the edge to a powerful orgasm that caused her to cry out and buckle at the knees. Jasmine held her up – released her arms and kissed her gently. 

"See you tomorrow night babe," she said as she did Kathy's jeans back up.

Then they were gone and Kathy was left panting and shaking in the alleyway. She walked to the waiting taxi – trying to grasp what she had just experienced. The climax had been fast, exciting, powerful, and very wet. Her thoughts turned to Pete – he would have loved to watch that little scene. Would she tell him about it? Maybe...maybe not.

The others weren't back from their dinner yet and she decided not to wait for them, but to have an early night instead. She wanted to be clear headed for her presentation the next day and she was obviously going to need plenty of energy to keep up with the two girls. Those two girls – thoughts of what they had done to her and the power of her orgasm found her reaching for her vibrator. After two more climaxes she fell into a deep sleep, waking cheerful and refreshed. She was looking forward to the conference, but more importantly – the evening's activities.