 Please note that this story, while obviously part of the Kathy's Pool Party series, is also a continuation of A Week With Cathy (I strongly suggest you read that first).

BERNI

I was massaging my boyfriend's cum into Kelly's breasts when, of course, Kelly's girlfriend Hanna walked into the room. She took in the scene -- me making Kelly sigh, Paul lying next to us still semi-erect, all of us naked -- Hanna was too -- and at first literally could not speak. And when she could, all that came out was "What the fucking fuck...?"

Which was fair, I guess.

"It's not as bad as it looks," Kelly said, unconvincingly.

But of course it was. It was worse than it looked: by any definition of the word, Kelly and Paul and I had in fact just had a threesome (I'd had a threesome; how insane is that!)..

Before Hanna could say anything else, I said "You have no right to complain, Hanna, you were practically fucking Rae in the pool before."

And yes, I shouldn't have gotten in the middle of all this, but I like Kelly and I don't like Hanna, so there you go. Not that I was doing Kelly any favors here, because she'd had no idea Hanna was cheating on her.

This whole evening was suddenly going south very quickly.

Hanna stormed out of the room.

#

GAIL

It had been a weird and frustrating couple of days.

The last Eddie had seen me, I still hadn't even let him see me topless, or touch my breasts under my shirt. And I appreciated the fact that he'd accepted my desire to take it slowly.

Now, though, I wanted him to just throw me down and fuck my brains out. But I could hardly explain to him what had changed:

While I was out of state visiting my cousin, I'd jerked off a boy I didn't even know while he fondled my breasts. And I'd had sex four times, including twice with my brother and once with a girl.

I know, listing it like that, it sounds really bad. But things... just happened.

Since I've been back, he's continued to "respect" me, and I'd done everything I could to encourage him short of throwing off my clothing or grabbing his dick. I'd completely stopped wearing bras when I was out with him, and let's just say you can really tell when I'm not wearing a bra.

I wasn't wearing one now. We were at an outdoor party at my friend Kathy's house, and the short pink t-shirt I was wearing was... snug. Which was why Eddie and I were sharing a deck chair apart from most of our friends: I felt self-conscious about how badly my nips were poking through. I was thinking about changing into the bikini I'd bought while I was away.

Not that the bikini was all that modest: It showed a lot of cleavage, far more than I really felt comfortable letting all of my friends see, but this t-shirt felt like a second skin.

(I should mention that the one time I had worn that bikini, at another pool party, several girls were swimming topless -- so it hardly attracted much attention then)

As it turned out, I would have had no reason to feel self-conscious about any bikini top today: When I looked over to the other side of the pool, I saw Didi wearing a suit that was just barely legal. I don't think I'd ever seen anybody wearing something that tiny outside of magazines. Or porn.

My friend Berni had told me Didi was out to steal Mindy's boyfriend, and she was certainly getting his interest.

Eddie seemed pretty interested as well. Hey, Didi, I thought, steal Mindy's guy, not mine!

I took Eddie's hands and placed them over my breasts, and he knew enough to take it from there. I couldn't believe I had to be that blatant about it, but at least things were starting to get interesting. Or as interesting as they could get in the middle of a pool party, anyway.

And then speaking of Berni, she and her boyfriend walked by, and Eddie abruptly pulled his hands off of me, which I'm sure didn't look at all suspicious.

I doubt we would have shocked Berni and her boyfriend anyway, because they seemed to have been looking for their own spot away from the crowd.

I made sure Eddie went back to fondling me as soon as they turned their back to us. I think this was the hottest I'd been since coming back from the trip. I wondered whether he could slip his hands under my short top without anybody else noticing.

Then I realized I was losing his attention. I looked over and saw that Didi had somehow lost her top and didn't seem to care -- but everybody else was noticing.

Well fuck this, I thought. I got up, walked over to the edge of the pool, slipped off my shorts -- I was wearing bikini bottoms, but they probably looked like panties -- and dove in. When I stood up, I knew everybody could see my big, firm breasts through the wet t-shirt. That would have mortified me a week ago, but now I was just happy getting more attention than Didi was, with her top entirely gone. I began climbing out, intending to walk over to Eddie and really keep his attention this time.

What I hadn't expected was that my dive touched off a wave of people jumping in wearing whatever: swimsuits, underwear... and then Hanna raised the stakes, as Hanna does, by making a big show of stripping down to a pair of tiny panties and jumping in.

At which point Berni's boyfriend pulled her shirt over her head. She squeaked a bit, then decided it hardly mattered anymore.

Then a girl who'd gone in wearing a bra and panties pulled off her bra (I knew how uncomfortable swimming in a bra was), and by the time I got back to Eddie, I think every girl in the pool was topless.

Eddie was glad to help me conform.

We began making out pretty openly at this point, our bodies pressed together, my hands on his ass over his trunks, and his hands on my ass under my bikini bottoms.

As his hands inched lower, coming closer and closer to my wet pussy, I could feel my bikini bottoms making their way down my body. In another minute I was going to be bare-assed, basically naked, in front of all our friends. Horny as I was, I wasn't sure I wanted that happening.

But it was going to happen, I knew.

Even before that, though, his hand was going to reach my pussy. I didn't want to groan, loudly enough to everybody to hear, when he finally touched me there.

But I was going to groan, I knew.

I looked over to see how many people were close enough to hear me, and saw for the first time that things had moved along quickly while Eddie and I were making out: everybody in and outside the pool was completely naked now, most of them paired off and exploring one another's bodies. I was pretty sure one couple was actually fucking in the far end of the pool, and another couple was definitely doing it on the deck. Hanna had some girl's breast in her mouth, and it looked like she was getting ready to move her way down her body.

I almost laughed: Holy shit, his was even better than the last pool party.

And this time I was getting laid.

I didn't put up any resistance when Eddie slipped my bottoms the rest of the way down.

And there I was, completely naked outside n the sunlight for only the second time in my life -- and for the first time with a boy. I closed my eyes, and felt Eddie touching me and kissing me all over, slowly working his way from my face, to my breasts, to my belly, to my pussy...

It was heaven, until... it wasn't anymore. Eddie had the foreplay thing down, that's for sure, but I'd gotten to the point where I was about to scream. "Eddie," I said, "come on, fuck me. Fuck me."

He looked back toward the pool, and I looked too. About half the guests were still there, none of them dressed, some of them still holding one another, or fondling one another, some couples I'm sure working their way up to a second round.

The girl Hanna had been with now had both a different girl and a boy stroking her. That made me even hotter.

I was starting to say "Fuck me" again when Eddie said "We can't, not with all our friends around."

"It's fine," I said. "They're all doing the same thing." I was starting to get angry: after all this time, was he going to make me beg?

"I know, but... I want your first time to be special, not out in the open like this."

"It's okay," I said, pulling him closer to me. "It's not my first time."

He abruptly pulled away. "What?"

I was too stunned to think of what to say.

He said "You said, you told me all these weeks, you were a virgin."

"I --"

"You said we had to take things slow, you were a virgin."

"..."

"Were you lying to me?"

"No. I mean... No, I..."

I hadn't been lying at the time, but what was I supposed to do? Tell him everything I'd done the past week?

He took my silence as confirmation that I'd been lying to him all along and he stood up and left.

I started to cry. Silently, so nobody would hear. Fortunately, everybody was too pre-occupied to notice my boyfriend had left me.

The problem was, as upset as I was, I was as horny as ever. Maybe even more so.

I let my hand slip down to my pussy, still naked and so very wet.

I cold feel myself moaning very softly.

I needed... something.

I allowed myself another touch, and it felt so good.

I knew if I touched myself a third time I wouldn't be able to stop, I'd be masturbating by the side of the pool and keep going until I came, loudly, with all my friends watching.

Yes, everybody was having sex, but being caught masturbating would be mortifying.

I pulled my bikini bottoms back on, left my wet shirt behind, and dashed into the house.

I got to the hallway just as Hanna was storming out of one of the bedrooms. And when I say "just as," I mean we literally ran into one another. She was completely naked, and we clutched one another awkwardly trying to keep from falling over.

Oh, God, all this touching is the last thing I need right now.

"Do you know where the bath--?" I started to ask, then saw how upset she looked. "Are you okay?"

"Yes," she said, disentangling herself from me. "No. Kelly."

I wondered whether the issue with Kelly was related to Hanna having been all over that girl in the pool.

Of course I had no moral high ground, did I?

She was about to say something else, but then stopped herself. "I'm sorry, you said you were in a rush to use the bathroom, I didn't mean to --"

"No, not use the bathroom. I meant get to the bathroom." I could have just nodded my head, but I'm a terrible liar. "My boyfriend ran out on me, I mean we'd started to --" I babbled.

She put a finger on my lips. "Gail," she said tentatively, "have you ever..."

Had sex with another girl, she meant. "Yes," I said. Only once, but I had.

She took my hand a led me into a room that turned out to be a bathroom. She locked the door behind us, and turned on the shower. "Come with me if you want to cum," she said with a smile. I pulled down my bikini bottoms and followed her into the shower.

As the warm water sprayed down on us, she knelt in front of me. "I know you need this more urgently than I do," she said, then grabbed my ass and pressed her tongue against my clit. She began alternating between licking it and sucking on it, all the time teasing my anus with one of her fingers. I was beginning to find it hard to stand.

Then she thrust her tongue into my wet pussy at the same time she slid her finger into my anus, and I came with a scream.

I don't think I'd ever cum that hard in my life.

I wasn't even sure how loudly I screamed, because the shower water was hitting me in the face and drowning out the sound. Or at least I hope it did.

After I was done, Hanna stood up and put her arms around me. Which was good, because my knees were a little wobbly. God knows this wasn't the first time I'd cum standing up, or even the first time I'd cum standing up in a shower, but those were all solo acts and never anything near as intense as this. Girl, I said to myself, you might just have to accept the fact that you're bisexual.

I lowered myself down, ready to attack Hanna's pussy with my own mouth, but she took my arm and raised me back up. "Let's find a bed," she said. "We can take care of one another slowly."

"I'd love that," I said. She turned off the water as I stepped out of the shower and picked up and put on my bikini bottoms. Nudity wasn't the issue, of course. Nobody was wearing much of anything if anything at all, but I didn't want to lose anything. As it was, it was going to be a challenge for everyone to find their discarded clothing later: I'm pretty sure my shorts were at the side of the pool and my wet t-shirt on the lounger.

Still naked, Hanna led me back into the hallway and to one of he bedroom doors. "This one will be empty," she said. She put an arm around me, very intimately, as we opened the door and stepped in.

To see Berni, her boyfriend, and Kelly, naked on the bed, staring at us.