 Amanda had returned from her vacation late at night. She quietly entered the home she shared with Katie, slipped off her heels and slowly tip-toed up the stairs. Walking down the hallway, she gently turned the doorknob and pressed against her bedroom door. Buried under the covers was Katie, Amanda's wife. 

"Oh, she looks like an angel," Amanda thought to herself. It had been a week since the two had embraced, let alone made love together. They spoke on the phone a couple times while rubbing their vagina's to multiple orgasms, but it wasn't the same as feeling Katie's body against hers.

Keeping her eyes on her sleeping beauty, Amanda slowly stepped out of her dress, removed her bra. She held onto a chair to remove her pantyhose and then reached around back to take off her panties. 

Thinking about what she should do, either go to sleep next to her lover, or maybe jump-start a lovemaking session. The latter seemed right. Amanda genelty tugged on Katie's shoulder to see if she could get her to move onto her back. Katie rolled over while still asleep. 

Amanda got on the bed and straddled Katie with her butt facing the headboard. She inched back in slow movements until she was right over Katie's face. Then she sat down and began rubbing her pussy against Katie's face. 

"Oooooh. This feels wonderful," Amanda said as she reached down to tweak Katie's nipples. Underneath, Katie started waking up and was wondering what was happening until she inhaled her favorite scent, which was Amanda. Dipping her chin down, Katie said, "Hey, what do you think you're doing?"

"I just got back and needed to cum bad. If you do a good job I may crawl up next to you for the rest of the night."

Katie didn't wait for Amanda to end her sentence before she began lapping her pussy from the entrance of her vagina up to her clitoris with a very soft tongue. Katie kept this motion using a soft and wide tongue against Amanda's vagina until she was squirming and rubbing her vagina into Katie's mouth. Amanda was breathing quicker and moaning "ohs" as Katie kept manipulating her vagina. Katie kept her jaw relaxed as she began running her tongue between Amanda's right inner and outer labia as she held them together. This action drove Amanda wild as she started panting and silently begging for more. Katie switched sides and did the same to Amanda's left inner and outer labia. 

Amanda was losing control and had trouble concentrating. She held onto Katie's breasts mainly for support, caressing them when she could.

Using her right hand, Katie spread Amanda's outer lips apart and with a pointed stiff tongue began flicking her there. She moved her positioning and kept Amanda in a frenzy. Katie moved back and forth, flicking her tongue at Amanda's exposed vagina, but always making sure to flick her tongue at Amanda's clitoris. 

Amanda ran her hands through her hair. She was perspiring all over her body and she arched her back to get her vagina closer to Katie's mouth. Katie removed her fingers and relaxed her tongue, letting its softness caress against Katie's vagina and clitoris. Katie reached above and began caressing Amanda's inner thighs as Amanda continued rubbing herself on Katie's face. 

Amanda was super wet. Her pussy was dripping down onto Katie who's face with slick from Amanda's juices. Katie kept loving Amanda's pussy with her soft tongue, finally centering all her touches on the clitoris which drove Amanda over the top. Her breath sped up and all of a sudden she stopped, closed her eyes, and let go with an earth-shattering orgasm which continued for nearly 10 seconds. Amanda tilted her head back and arched her back and rubbed herself against Katie who kept lapping at her pussy with a soft delicate tongue. 

When the orgasm subsided, Katie used her fingers to press Amanda's labia open so she could reach her tongue inside and taste Amanda's cum. 

Amanda sat on Katie for a couple minutes in a complete daze before she rolled off and cuddled up close against Katie, lavishing her with kisses before they both fell asleep in each other's arms.

Later that day when both were at work, Katie called Amanda into her office. 

Amanda closed the door behind her and sat down in front of Katie's big desk.

"You know I didn't get much sleep last night."

With a sheepish grin, Amanda said, "I know. I'm sorry, but you were great."

"That may be true, but now you've got to repay the favor."

"Here? Right now? Can't we wait until we get home?"

"I don't think I can make it that long. All I am doing is looking at the same report over and over thinking of you and not getting anything accomplished. If you get me off I can concentrate on work and get done faster."

Katie stood up and walked around her desk to sit on her comfy couch. She wore her slim black jeans that day with a white silk blouse and a pair of chic boots to match. She used her finger to motion Amanda to come over to the couch. Amanda climbed onto Katie and they kissed with their soft full lips. Amanda ran her hands through Katie's hair as she continued kissing her lips and neck.

Katie held onto Amanda's back and let out little coos of delight when Amanda kissed her and a big sigh when Amanda reached under her chest to unbutton Katie's blouse. 

Amanda continued kissing down Katie's body, licking her bra to stimulate her nipples. She continued kissing and licking her way down Katie's stomach, stopping once to look up and a dismayed Katie, who soon felt amazement wash over her when she saw Amanda's little devil girl smile. 

"Oh my gosh, what are you going to to?" Katie said in a near whisper.

Without saying anything, Amanda unbuttoned Katie's jeans and pulled the tabs back and kissed her along her panty line. Katie let out soft moan as she closed her eyes and lightly held onto Amanda's head. Amanda then unzipped the jeans and pulled the ends back as far as they would go so she could kiss Katie with soft almost feather-like kisses on her stomach and around the top her panties. This drove Katie into a huge rush of arousal. She sweating profusely, had trouble catching her breath but otherwise was quiet.

Amanda left Katie's body to take off her boots. Katie lifted herself off the couch when Amanda started pulling on her jeans, leaving her dressed in an open top, bra and wet panties. Amanda kept Katie close to cuming when she planted light kisses on her knees and inner thighs. Katie's panties were now sopping wet and clung to her. Amanda kissed her gently on her panties just above her vagina, then kept kissing lower and lower until her lips were on Katie's vagina, only separated by her silk panties. Looking up at her lover for a moment, Amanda clenched the top of Katie's panties with her teeth and started removing them which drove Katie into a frenzy. She gently slid the panties off of Katie, and then kissed her knees and inner tights on her way back up. 

Amanda liked Katie between her inner and outer lips. She used her left fingers to gently stroke Katie's clitoris as her tongue teased her by just touching the entrance of her vagina over and over again. Katie was in a full arousal mode and came hard as Amanda continued her stimulation efforts. Katie's orgasm lasted more than five seconds during which Katie leaned back into the couch, her tongue hanging out of her mouth and her eyes rolled back in her head. 

When she calmed down and took a few breaths, she leaned down and gave Amanda a big kiss. They got undressed and took a shower in her office bathroom to clean themselves off and cool down so they could get finish any remaining work and hurry back home where more fun between them was sure to follow.