 The previous two chapters in this story aren't too necessary to understand what's happening, but they're a fun read for sure. All you need to know is that Katie is a cute 19 year old brunette with a great ass and a sick need for sex. After begging for my cum (and getting it), our sex gets interrupted by my gf Sabrina -- a sexy blonde who doesn't know I'm hiding in the closet as they watch each other masturbate. Sabrina has never had a lesbian experience, but she's eager to learn. As the party outside the door continues, I try not to touch myself while she gives it a try.

Enjoy.

---------------------

I sat there in shock, watching my girlfriend crawl towards the hot young brunette who had just sucked me off.

Sabrina's skirt was pulled up around her waist, and her white thong was pulled to the side. Her wavy blonde hair bounced as she crawled towards Katie. Katie sat up on the edge of the bed and spread her legs.

Meanwhile, I sat in the closet with the hardest erection of my life straining through my shorts.

Sabrina reached Katie's knees, and started kissing her way up the inside of Katie's long, creamy thighs. She put her hands on the ground in front of her and leaned forward.

Katie bit her lip and watched in breathless anticipation.

Sabrina kissed her way up the inside of Katie's left thigh. Her kisses were slow and wet - she was taking her time - but before long, her lips reached Katie's pussy. She gently licked Katie's outer lips on both sides.

Katie could barely control herself - all she wanted to do was slam Sabrina's mouth against her pussy, to feel her tongue flick against her clit. But Sabrina resisted. She began kissing Katie's other thigh, slowly traveling away from Katie's glistening pussy. 

I couldn't stand it anymore. I pulled my shorts down to my knees and started stroking.

Apparently Katie couldn't stand it either. She ran her fingers through Sabrina's hair, and with a sharp jerk, pulled Sabrina's head to her waiting pussy. But Sabrina was one step ahead. Just as her lips reached Katie's clit, she shoved two fingers deep inside Katie. Katie's jaw dropped and she released a breathy cry. Her heels lifted off the ground, and I could see her abs clench.

Sabrina got right to work. Her tongue licked lazily against the slick clit in front of her, while her fingers pistoned in an out of Katie's smooth, wet pussy. The contrasting speeds were too much for Katie, and she fell back against the bed. Her legs were quivering and her body writhing as she reached out at anything - her tits, the bedsheets, Sabrina's hair - anything at all to hold on to. 

I could just make out Sabrina's other hand reaching down to play with her own pussy - I had no idea my girlfriend was so good at multi-tasking.

After a few minutes of sloppy tonguing and breathless squeals of pleasure, Katie rose back up. It was clear that she was having trouble thinking straight, much less speaking normally, but between ragged breaths she managed to say "Are you sure you've never done this before?"

Sabrina licked the clit in front of her one more time and said "Never."

Katie felt the lack of stimulation immediately, and it was almost painful. "Well, practice makes perfect." With that, she grabbed Sabrina by the hair and shoved her mouth back up against her pussy. 

I expected Sabrina to resist, or at least slow down, but the sudden force only made her work harder. She started licking furiously - you could tell she wanted Katie to cum as much as Katie did herself. And Sabrina wasn't too far from cumming either. Then again, neither was I.

"Make me cum, Sabrina. Make me cum."

Sabrina didn't respond - her mouth was full. But I watched as her sweet moans sent shivers through Katie's body.

"Pleeeeeaaaaasse," Katie hissed through her clenched teeth. She pinched one of her own nipples and pulled on it till it snapped back. "Please."

I watched as Sabrina's hips began rocking. Her sexy ass was grinding against her hand, bouncing up and down on the heels of her feet. I knew she was about to cum.

It was a struggle for me to take my hand off of my dick, but I knew if I didn't I would cum too, and I had resolved not to cum by myself with two hot girls 5 feet away. Still, it was a struggle.

And all at once, they came together. Katie, completely naked, started flailing and screaming. Her head whipped from side to side in passion. Sabrina's orgasm was quieter, but maybe more intense. She started making a high pitched squeal into Katie's now soaking wet pussy as her ass rose and fell faster and faster. She took her fingers out of Katie and reached back to smack her own ass. Katie's orgasm took complete control, and her legs snapped shut, trapping Sabrina's head against her clit as they finished their orgasms.

They stayed locked that way for a long time, Sabrina still licking, still humping her own hand, as Katie thrust her clit again and again to Sabrina's talented tongue. 

As their moans and screams subsided, something changed in the room. There was less urgency, but a new kind of passion sprung up, something neither person expected. Sabrina, legs shaking, climbed up onto the bed with Katie, and they just kissed. The kissed longingly, tenderly, passionately, but slow. They didn't say anything for a long time, but simply kissed.

Sitting in the closet, I didn't know whether to feel jealous or turned on. My throbbing dick told me that being turned on was just fine. 

Then Sabrina pulled away, and smacked her lips. "You kinda taste like cum," she said.

Oh shit.