 Kate decided that she needed time to think; her college was two minutes walk away and she knew it would be deserted on a Saturday afternoon.  She composed herself as she walked briskly through the shops and across the small park in front of the college.  She had her key to open the side door that led to the computer room on the second floor; as expected the place was deserted. 

First she had to sort out her husband; her call was answered at the second ring. 

"Hi honey.  I didn't expect you to answer.  What are you doing back so soon?"

"Where the hell have you been? I have been sick to death with worry!" John yelled back.  "We all have - I drove back first thing this morning.  Where the fuck are you?!"

"What's the panic? You know I was going to study all weekend; I am at the college now.  I stayed over at Simon's last night; you know the guy in my class.  By the way, he and Susan got it together for the first time last night - you should have heard them going at it.  I am surprised I got any sleep.  My, they were noisy; got me all horny.  In fact, I may pop back for an hour if you're in the mood, honey.  I missed you"

It always worked! She so rarely took the initiative with John that it had become to easiest way to pull him out of one of his foul moods.  It wasn't that much fun, but it was worth it for a quiet life. 

"OK, but why didn't you call?"

"I'm sorry, love.  I just got absorbed in the work, then we went out for a late dinner and I was ready for bed.  As were those two - it was really embarrassing in the restaurant; I thought they were going to do it under the table at one stage! We must ask them over some time.  Anyway, I'll be back within the hour; I'm in the mood!!" 

"OK, I'll see you soon. " he muttered with little good grace, putting the phoned down abruptly.  But she knew she was in the clear now; just a quick call to Simon to establish an alibi.  She knew John would find some way of checking her story - mistrusting bastard! 

While she was there, she decided to check her emails.  There was the usual few dozen junk messages and a couple from pen pals with whom she exchanged her sexual fantasies and compared notes on love life etc.  The last message caught her eye, so she opened it out of curiosity. 

HI CATHERINE,

THIS IS THE DEAL. 

I HAVE ABOUT 20 PHOTOS OF YOU TODAY

I KNOW WHO YOU ARE AND WHERE YOU LIVE.  I JUST WATCHED YOU WALK TO THE COLLEGE. 

I WILL RETURN THE PICTURES OVER TIME.  WHENEVER I CONTACT YOU, I WILL GIVE YOU TWO CHOICES: -SOMETHING INVOLVING STRAIGHT SEX - YOU GET ONE PICTURE RETURNED -SOMETHING MUCH MORE KINKY - TWO PICTURES

THIS FIRST TIME WE WILL KEEP IT SIMPLE.  YOU ARE TO COME TO AN INTERVIEW FOR A JOB AT MADDOX IN THE HIGH STREET ON MONDAY AT 12 NOON

YOU WILL NEED TO FIND A LADY FRIEND FOR SOME OF MY REQUIREMENTS LATER.  SHE MUST BE YOUNGER THAN YOU AND ALSO BE WILLING TO DO WHATEVER I ASK. 

I MEAN YOU NO ILL AND WILL NOT HARM YOU IN ANY WAY.  BUT DO NOT TRY TO CONTACT THE POLICE OR ANYONE ELSE - I HAVE FRIENDS IN HIGH PLACES. 

AND GET RID OF THE BRIT!

DON'T BE LATE

A FRIEND

A shiver went down Kate's spine, a mixture of terror and excitement.  Intriguingly she found herself smiling; she felt that familiar feeling between the legs! Her mind was racing - hadn't Claudia asked her to help her with her studies.  She was last in the class by far and was at risk of being thrown out of college, which would mortify her parents.  They could even cut off her very generous allowance.  Maybe Kate could indulge in a little gentle blackmail herself.  

The thought made Kate even friskier.  Leaning back on her chair, she lifted her skirt and ran her hand down to her pussy; she closed her eyes and imagined it was Claudia kneeling between her legs with her mouth entering and exploring.  As she fingered the lips and gently massaged her clitoris, still a little sensitive from the afternoon's lovemaking, Kate wanted to be sucked and licked by a woman as only they could. 

Should she drop in on Claudia on the way home? Or go straight home and get John out of the way.  He would not take long, she thought mischievously! Her thoughts wondered for a while as the tension in her body built; she continued to rub with her favourite finger; it felt so good to be alone doing it the way she enjoyed! No hurry; no one else to think about - just a horny sexy lady satisfying herself in a very natural way.  

Her juices ran down from her pussy hole to the leather seat; she would leave it there for the students on Monday to think about.  She rubbed harder on her clitty and ran the index finger of her other hand along her pussy lips and then into her pink, moist hole.  Up to her special spot; she knew exactly where and how hard to rub.  She would try to show Claudia if she got the chance.  

Her juices ran freer and, then as she came, strongly and suddenly, squirted out in three or four jets of warm wet womanhood, down her thigh and onto the dark blue carpet.  Her body racked with pleasure and exhilaration, every muscle tensing and then relaxing.  She felt drained but at peace, happy and light headed.  She felt strong and self-assured. 

Then she read the note again! She gave it a moment's thought.  Then she replied:

"I agree to your terms.  But you will also do as I say.  For every instruction you give, I will have the right to give you one and you must obey me too. "

Then a few quick calls: Simon to make sure she had an alibi for last night.  John to say she had to study a bit longer and would be a couple of hours.  "I'm getting hornier by the minute!" she said.  Claudia to say could she pop round to see whether she could do anything to help with the studies.  Claudia sounded very pleased.  Steve to wish him a safe flight home.  

The evening was drawing in when Kate arrived at Claudia's apartment.  She shared it with two young women, office workers from the town.  They were away for the weekend so Claudia was on her own or so it seemed.  It looked as if she had been in the shower; she was wearing a white bathrobe and her head was wrapped in a towel, like a turban.  She showed Kate into the living room.  

"Hi Kate.  Thanks for coming round.  I was in the shower; I slept most of the day.  We had quite a night last night; you should have come along. "

"I should have.  Studying on a Friday night is no fun.  The family were away so I was on my own. "

"Next time, come along and we'll have a ball. " 

"Did you end up with anyone?"

"Yes, Paul.  I've always fancied him - I don't go for the big brawny type.  God.  I needed it!" She smiled.  "It must be six months since the last time with a man. "

Claudia had leant back on the settee not realising that her robe had opened at the front.  Kate could see right up between her legs and caught a glimpse of the dark bush at the end of the tunnel, before Claudia pulled the gown back into position.  Or had it been deliberate? Kate was surprised that Claudia had not gone to put on some clothes.  She had just removed the towel from her hair and put on her eyeglasses. 

After a while, Claudia got out some college papers and they sat together on the settee discussing what Kate could do to help her pass her exams at the end of the semester.  They agreed to meet at least once a week to check on progress. 

"I am so grateful, Katie.  I just wish there was something I could do in return. " 

This time her smile sent a different kind of message; it lingered on Claudia's face longer than seemed natural.  

"There is one thing, Claudia.  Or maybe even two!"

"Oh, you mean these!"

She pulled her bathrobe open and allowed it to fall from her shoulders.  Kate gasped as she took in the pure young whiteness of the skin and the magnificent large, soft breasts, perfectly shaped, with large pink nipples expanding invitingly towards her.  Her eyes followed the curve of her torso and waist down to the thick untrimmed triangle between the legs.  Kate had half forgotten that her own body had once been like this. 

As she hesitated, not wanting Claudia to be put off by her mature and comfortable proportions, Kate felt herself trembling with a combination of fear and pure unbridled sexual anticipation.  Sex won!

Kate stood up and tore her clothes off as quickly as she could, desperate to take Claudia in her arms and feel that soft warm body against her skin.  She removed Claudia's glasses.  They kissed and their hands wandered over each other's smooth skin, Kate's tongue explored the other women's inner mouth as Claudia's smooth hands massaged the skin on her tight firm buttocks. 

The two women were totally lost in each other, their inhibitions had completely disappeared with the first kiss, and now they were hungry for each other.  Kate made the first move and gently smoothed her hand across the woman's stomach and up to her breasts.  Claudia moaned gently as her hands made contact with the sensitive nipple that had been longing for contact: this spurred the other woman on and she started to massage it between her fingers making the bud harden in her hand. 

Claudia threw her head back letting her hair fall down her long slender back and Kate took this opportunity to replace her hand with her mouth, she gently sucked on her nipple and, while doing so, her other hand slid down to the triangle of hair between her legs. 

She began by gently just rubbing her fingers along the outside of the younger woman's sex, just allowing her fingers to gently scrape the spot where her sensitive clit would lay beneath the hair.  This had the desired effect and Claudia opened her legs just a little more allowing her access to the sweetness there.  Kate gently and slowly slid her finger in-between the moist warm lips of the other woman's sex.  Claudia gasped as she felt a woman's knowing hand make contact with her wet pussy. 

Claudia seemed to come alive at this point and bent forward to suck on Kate's nipple while she was having a warm soft hand explore her sweet soft sex beneath.  Kate's fingers began to move downwards and probed at the sticky moist hole that was inviting her fingers in, she quickly slid two of her small fingers inside her lover and the moans of pleasure made sure she kept them there. 

Kate moved her fingers inside Claudia stroking the sensitive spot right at the top in a slow rhythm while her thumb concentrated on her clit, rubbing hard and fast.  Meanwhile, Claudia's hands were on Kate's bottom stroking and kneading it in time with the other woman's strokes inside her. 

It wasn't long before Claudia was cumming hard over Kate's fingers, and she dug her nails into her friend's arse as wave after wave of orgasm erupted in her pussy muscles which were contracting hard around the fingers that had brought her this wonderful feeling, and she wished it would never stop. 

It was Claudia who spoke first, "Let's go to the bedroom so we can finish this off properly" A huge smile appeared on Kate's face which meant a yes, and both women hurried off to the bedroom for what was going to be an exciting evening. 

Kate wanted to examine those breasts at close quarters again - they were so, so beautiful! She kissed each nipple and watched them grow even more.  She placed a hand on each breast and squeezed, marvelling at their firmness and elasticity.  Then she took a nipple in her mouth and sucked and tongued until Claudia began to breathe heavily once more and whimper with delight.  Her hands ran down Kate's hair and over her shoulders. 

"Oh yes, baby.  That feels so good. " She sighed softly as Kate began to bite and suck harder on the other nipple.  She could feel shivers of delight all over her body and that tell tale feeling of wetness between the legs.  She wanted to touch down there again but Kate took her hand and guided it to her own pleasure hole, down over her tummy and over the fine downy hair.  Her clitoris stood proud and ready, now plump and insatiable. 

Kate moved up and whispered in her ear.  "Am I wet, sexy!? I need a woman's touch so much. " She nibbled on Claudia's ear.  "I have always wondered how you would feel.  I look at you at the front of the class each day and now you are mine!"

"I want to taste you now!" Claudia replied. 

They lay on the bed, Claudia on top, and spent a little time looking at each other.  Kate pulled the hairy lips to one side and enjoyed the pink soft juicy flesh behind, young and fresh and so sweet smelling.  Claudia admired the shape and colour of Kate's pussy, shaven apart from the small triangle above, the clitoris poking out eager to be noticed.  She smelt the stronger, pungent odour and smiled; some of Kate's juices from before had dried, ready to be licked and cleaned up. 

"What a beautiful pussy you have.  Very sexy!"

"Thank you.  Now, suck me, taste me, fuck me!""

They slowly began to explore each other with lips, tongue and gentle teeth and then eager fingers, one at a time until Claudia had three in Kate and Kate two inside Claudia's tighter pussy.  Kate's hips began to gyrate as she thrust upwards making it difficult for her lover to control her movements above her.  Kate began to forget about Claudia and concentrated on the tension building through her body, small orgasms spreading out from her centre.  

"Yes, yes, yes!" She yelled as she felt herself begin to explode, her whole body tensed as strong waves of heat and electricity ran through her.  She squeezed so tight on the fingers inside her that Claudia grimaced with pain.  Kate finally screamed at the top of her voice as her body shook for a few seconds and then collapsed with a final warm shiver followed by a feeling of peace and utter contentment.  Claudia had taken the full brunt of Kate's juices as she came and now busied herself licking up every last drop.  She noticed the hint there of a salty, more masculine taste and smiled inwardly. 

"Darling. " Kate laughed as her mouth returned to position between Claudia's legs.  "I think we are going to have fun together!!" 

"My turn again now, Kate.  Take me rough and hard. "

Kate's hands went up to Claudia's breasts and squeezed hard on each large nipple.  Her nose and mouth tickled on the thick hair as she found the clitoris and tasted the warm sweet fluid gushing into her mouth.  Claudia pushed hard on the back of her head until her tongue slipped into her juicy vagina.  Long and eager, she fucked in and out with her tongue, then replaced with a finger, up to where Claudia's spot would be. 

"Higher, higher...  Yes, there, there!!"

Claudia's scream echoed through the apartment.  Her second massive orgasm racked her body but this time, it didn't stop.  As Kate tongued her clitoris and rubbed hard on her spot, she continued to come and come, almost drowning Kate as she spurted more and more. 

"Yes, Yes, Yes... Kate, stop, stop, stop... too much.  Oh yes, fuck, fuck my pussy, fuck me harder! Fuck me more!"

Her whole body was filled with waves of extreme pleasure; she arched her back so her center rose up to meet Kate's thrusting fingers and tongue.  A final exultant scream of ecstasy and she was finished.  She lay there exhausted in Kate's arms as they kissed and cuddled and laughed. 

"Who needs men?!" Claudia grinned. 

Kate smiled.  "We'll see about that, my dear!"

She was already looking forward to Monday@