 Note: In case it is not obvious, most of the characters in my story are Asians. English names are common where they live, but they are mostly of Chinese descent. Ryoko is half-Japanese.

Chapter 2: Katie and Penny

It's now the second week of January. It has been a week since Ryoko moved in. For some reason, she has decided to live with Jim and myself, in the same apartment, instead of kicking me out. This means I have a place to stay, but every moment we are together, I am humiliated anew. Ryoko makes Jim her exclusive sex partner, kissing him often when I am around, and not letting him touch me. When we eat, we eat together. Ryoko gives me less of any protein in the meal, saying that only winners deserve to eat like winners, and makes Jim feed her the extra meat and eggs. When we sleep, it's still in the same bedroom, but she makes me lie down on the bed and watch while they have wild muscle sex. When they are done, she makes me sleep on the floor to make me sleep badly.

"If you're really going to be stronger than me, you'll manage it despite all this," she would say. I would look back and feel the rage burning inside me, keeping me going, and resolve anew to train hard, eat as much as I can, getting protein foods from outside, and sleep as well as I can to build my body up.

Last night I made a gamble. We were eating beef slices with our rice. I picked up one piece of beef, and laid it on the table between us. Then, I moved the bowls aside and put up my right arm. Ryoko smirked and put a slice of beef from her own bowl with mine, and did the same. We had a winner-take-all arm wrestling match over those two slices. I struggled hard, but she won handily. She took the beef slices and popped them into her mouth, making a big show of chewing them with pleasure.

I took another slice of beef and put it out, and this time challenged with my left arm. We struggled for a longer time, sweating heavily as I tried to outlast her with my endurance. But both her strength and endurance were greater, and she pressed my left hand slowly down. Again, she took the stake. That night she fucked Jim extra hard beside me, until he collapsed from exhaustion, while I lay aside and felt the shame bite deep.

This morning I am going to take a big risk. Our breakfast is laid out on the table. I take my hardboiled egg and put it on the table, then move to the centre of the dining room where there is space, and open my arms as if to embrace someone. Ryoko understands immediately, and took her own hardboiled egg, puts it with mine, then comes towards me. We clash together in a mutual bearhug contest.

We are both naked, since neither of us bothers to dress while asleep or in the morning. Jim is feeling incredibly turned on, I can tell by his expression. Two women locked in a muscle struggle over him, so intense that we're even fighting each other for the food to nourish our bodies.

Our breasts are mashed up together; our faces are pressed against each other cheek to cheek. We both squeeze as hard as we can. I am trying to somehow crush the muscular torso in my arms, but everywhere I can feel her strong sturdy muscle, and I feel as if I'm barely making a dent. Ryoko on the other hand is causing me a lot of pain. Somehow she knows the best way to cause pain with a bearhug: her clasped hands are digging into the small of my back, and her biceps are smothering my lats, crushing the air out of my lungs, not letting my diaphragm move. I'm losing air and strength rapidly, and I desperately try to hold on and keep squeezing, but my arms are feeling so heavy and leaden, they're slumping to my sides now, I'm lolling backwards...

I've just come to, and Ryoko is grabbing me from behind, bending me over the toilet. Her arms are clenched tightly around my belly like a vise, and no matter how I struggle I'm too weak to break her grip. She crushes and crushes, jerking repeatedly on my abdomen, until I cannot take anymore and start retching. Even then she doesn't stop, and makes me throw up, before letting me go. I have not yet eaten anything, so I'm vomiting only water, but over breakfast I still feel queasy, and unable to eat much. I can only look on as Ryoko feasts on both eggs.

Ryoko, I will crush you. I will have my revenge, by defeating you the way you defeated me. I will prove to you I am the better woman.

Now I am at the gym, where I used to work out. I'm going to come here more often from now on. I must train to defeat Ryoko.

"Hey, it's Miss Muscles, Katie!"

I turn my head. It's my friend Penny, who used to be one of my training partners. She's a slender girl, with not much muscle, who used to say that she was being trained by me and should pay me for it, rather than being my actual training partner. Now she looks fitter than before, but still painfully skinny. We used to make fun of her for that.

"Wow, it's been quite a while since you've been working out, hasn't it? Where've you been? You look like you've lost a lot of weight!"

I look down sadly, and Penny seems to get that something is wrong.

"Hey, Katie, what's wrong? Is something the matter? You can tell me, if there's anything I can do... You don't look so well, are you feeling alright?"

I look up into her open, worried eyes, and I decide to tell her everything.

When I've finished, she's livid with rage. "That bitch! That utter fucking bitch! I'm going to go over and kill her right now! Katie, why did you even let this happen, let alone let it go on for a week? You don't have to stand for this, it's probably illegal in some way, abuse or assault or something! Call the police!"

"No, Penny!" I say. "That won't solve anything. Ok, I mean sure it might on the surface... but this is really between Ryoko and me. I've realized that Jim is a nice guy but he's really not the main thing here. He's just a symbol we're fighting for, a symbol of who the better woman really is. I accepted her challenge, and lost. She offered me a rematch, which I've accepted. If I back out now and use external means to resolve this issue, it'll just mean that she's beaten me for real. It'll be my admission that I have no chance ever to beat her at her own game. I won't want to have any man again ever, not even Jim. I won't be able to live with myself, Penny," I finish, with a gleam of tears blurring my vision.

Penny gives me a long, warm hug, which takes away some of the ache in my chest. When she leans back and looks at me, there's a fire in her eyes. "Katie, if what you say about this Ryoko is true, she's really formidable. You're going to have to get the old Katie back, get back to your old levels of strength! And also I think you're going to have to learn wrestling skills."

"I guess so, but I don't know where to learn about this type of wrestling," I say. "Maybe I could hire an apartment wrestler to teach me, but I don't think I can afford that."

"I'll do my best!" Penny says immediately. "Although... I think I may be too weak to be of much help... I've grown a bit stronger and fitter but I think you're still far ahead. Let's train together! You can always train better with a good partner!" I gratefully accept.

During the workout session, she notices that I am doing almost the same weights she is. Her sad look tells me that I am really a far cry from my glory days. When we have finished our workout, Penny suddenly says, "Katie, let's wrestle tomorrow."

"What?" I am surprised.

"Yes. We'll have the same contest as you did with Ryoko. The same components -- arm wrestling, wrestling, and sexfight. I want to see for myself how strong you are right now," she says, a bit nervously. Without any reason to object, I agree.

It is now the next day. I haven't tried to stake my food again in contests with Ryoko, since I was sore from the workout yesterday. She didn't do much with Jim last night either, only gave him a blowjob and then packed him off to sleep, and me to the floor. I've bought a sleeping mattress, and it's still fairly comfortable. She allows me to use it, so I think it's a matter of humiliating me more than actually making me lose sleep.

I meet up with Penny at her house. She lets me in and we walk to her living room without a word. It has been cleared for a wrestling match, with some mats laid down and a tea table at the side. After sipping some water, we both strip off our clothes a little self-consciously, leaving our panties on.

We take a moment to look at each other appraisingly. Her body is thin and lean, her breasts are small and pert -- in fact she's quite flat-chested. She looks like some kind of long-distance runner. I am still slightly bulkier than her, but I've definitely lost a lot of weight and muscle.

"You used to be very strong, you did weights in the gym that I could never do," Penny says thoughtfully. "Now, you still do heavier weights than me, but the difference is not so much. I think I might be able to beat you." So saying, she raises her arms and flexes them, walking towards me.

"You might have gotten a bit stronger over the years, but I am still a former arm wrestling champion," I remind her, imitating her pose and stepping forward to stand chest to chest with her. "It's very kind of you to give me this practice session, but I am confident I can win."

"Alright, let's see then," she says, dropping the pose and going over to the table, kneeling down to one side of it. 

"I hope you can beat me," she says with sincerity in her voice, as we lock arms over the table. I nod at her and smile gratefully. Then we both wear intense expressions on our faces as we begin our match.

I remember the last time Penny and I arm wrestled. It was on my 21st birthday, at a bar. All our friends were around, and someone jokingly asked me to flex. Next thing I knew they were all egging on Penny to arm wrestle with me, and we did. She could barely make my arm budge even with all her strength, and I just sat there with my arm muscle bulging in my spaghetti strap dress, while everyone went nuts over my strength. I received a lot of offers from guys that night, but turned down every last one because I was already dating Jim.

Now, to my great shock, she and I are about even. The look on her face is also growing incredulous as we pull, and the seconds pass by without me being able to pull her down. I cannot believe it -- surely I can't have grown so weak!

"It seems you were overconfident, Katie," Penny says sympathetically, as we struggle. She breathes deeply and starts to ramp up her strength. I try to match her, and we remain locked dead centre for a long time. 

Then, the unthinkable starts to happen -- my arm is starting to go down! I give a loud grunt and a huge surge of effort, and stop her progress at a slight disadvantage, but it's already a huge morale dampener for me to be at any disadvantage with skinny Penny. For her it seems to be a morale boost, firing her up, so that she begins to pull harder, and it is all I can do to just hold on.

We remain like this for what feels like a really long time, maybe a full minute or so. Beads of sweat are gathering on our upper torsos, and our muscles are fully tensed all over our bodies. I call up all my reserves, desperate to win this battle. Somehow I am just not willing to lose to Penny -- it would be a great blow to my ego, because Penny was always the weakest girl amongst our group of friends, and I was the strongest. Penny is looking flushed, and breathing very hard. As we look into each other's eyes, I realize it is not totally from the exertion of the match. She is getting very excited having me at a disadvantage.

I am pulling with all my remaining strength now, putting maximum power into my arm. Penny groans and breaks our staredown, lowering her head to concentrate. I manage to pull her arm back to the centre... then over the top! Yes... I am going to win after all!

No...! She's caught me off guard, as I paused to draw in a breath for a next big effort, and now I'm at a worst disadvantage than before, struggling not to go down past the halfway range. Now she's twisting my wrist, trying to ride over my hand with hers, and I try to stop her but somehow her forearm strength lets her do it.

"Seems my tennis training's paying off," she grunts. Her lean, thin arms are indeed very strong... stronger than I had given her credit for... With my wrist bent, there is no way now that I can fight back. I resist as long as I can, but a few seconds later she's pressed my hand flat against the table.

I slump down, feeling downhearted, while Penny punches the air to celebrate, excited. "I can't believe it! I beat Katie at arm wrestling! I actually did it!" she whoops, and throws her arms up in a flex, drunk with ecstasy.

I look up and try to smile at her. "Yes, you did... you've really gotten strong," I say, trying to keep the disappointment out of my voice. "You're my friend, and I love you. If you've beaten me fair and square, you deserve to win and feel good about it," I say bravely.

She reaches out and pulls me close into a hug across the table, and gives me a peck on the cheek. I return the gesture, tasting her sweat on her face, and we look at each other smiling, breathing heavily from our match. Then she starts to look worried.

"Katie, I'm still the weakest girl in the whole gym. I've tried it before, I've arm wrestled and wrestled most of the women who come, and I usually lose much more than I win. I've grown stronger, sure, but somehow you're much weaker than you used to be. You're also weaker than you look. If you can't even beat me..." her voice trails off.

"If I can't even beat you, then I have no chance at all against Ryoko or anyone else," I finish glumly. "And I have no chance of getting Jim back."

"Oh forget Jim!" Penny says with a tone of disgust. "If he were any sort of real man, he won't even have let this happen in the first place!" "Well, maybe, but you know he's always had a thing for female strength," I said. "He has treated me very well all along, and he's genuinely good to me. It's just that right now, this Ryoko woman has him twirled around her bulging right bicep," I sigh.

Penny reaches over and massages my right arm for me. "Maybe my win was a fluke. Let's try wrestling. I've picked up a few wrestling moves in my time, but maybe you can still win."

"Alright, Penny. Thanks for doing this for me," I say.

"Don't thank me later when I'm making you submit," she winks playfully. "Can I be honest with you," she says, as we stretch a bit in the wrestling area in the room.

"Sure, you can always tell me anything, Penny," I answer.

She looks away hesitantly, and then says, "I have to be honest with you. I felt... quite turned on... when I beat you just now. And now... I'm really going to give this match everything I've got, because part of me really wants to dominate you. I think... I think I could really get off on that. So I just want to make sure we'll still be friends after this."

I take a deep breath, and nod. "Yes, Penny. We'll have this match, then a sexfight, like we agreed. Whoever wins or loses, I'll always love you."

"And no matter what I'll help you train from now on, so you can get stronger than me, and then stronger than Ryoko," she says eagerly. I smile and nod.

We both go into a slight crouch, in a battle-ready stance. We circle each other a bit, reaching out tentatively with our hands. Our fingers meet, and we slip our hands together for a fingerlock test of strength. Quickly Penny puts one leg forward and braces herself, pushing against me defensively. I move in closer to her, and try to push her arms back and bend them down.

It's harder than I had expected. Her triceps stand out quite a bit on her arms, and I can feel her strong resistance. Our breasts rub slightly against each other as I move in closer, flexing with all my might to try and beat her. After a long, hard effort that must have lasted over a minute, I finally manage to make her arms bend a bit at the elbows, but then I am put on the defensive as I try to catch a breather, fatigue burning in my arm muscles. Penny takes the chance to wrench our arms down to our sides, and we lean in, chest to chest, trying to bend back each other's palms and fingers.

Neither of us makes headway, so after a while we both break off the contest and continue circling each other, rubbing our sore wrists. Our test of strength has proven inconclusive. We approach each other again, and this time we grab each other in an elbow and collar lockup. In this pose, we tussle back and forth, trying to unbalance the other and toss her to the floor. We are staggering back and forth around the room, evenly matched. "Not bad... you still got some of it," she half-grunts, half-gasps as we wrestle.

"Yeah... you better get ready... to submit," I huff in reply. Our eyes meet and we smile, and impulsively I move my face in for a kiss. We smooch each other lightly on the lips, and her effort momentarily flags.

Quickly seizing the chance, I suddenly force her shoulders down and snap on a side headlock. "Ow! No fair," she cries out, pushing at my side. Adroitly she pushes on my elbow and lower back, and slips her head out from under my arm. I'm still trying to regain my bearings, when I feel her thin but strong arms snaking around my waist and clamping on a reverse bearhug.

"Ohhhh!" My abs are still a little sore from literally having the vomit squeezed out of me by Ryoko yesterday, and coincidentally Penny has just squeezed the same affected area. My whole body spasms for a moment with the pain, and my legs suddenly turn to noodles. I drop onto one knee, as Penny latches on like a limpet from behind.

"Submit," she whispers in my ear. 

"No," I groan, and try to muster my strength. I reach down and grab her wrists, and straining with all my might begin to try and pull her arms apart with sheer muscle power. We start to utter little cries of effort as we engage in this strength contest, her trying to keep her arms locked together, me trying to pull them apart to relieve the painful pressure on my midriff.

It's hard to focus my strength through the pain. Then I think of Ryoko, who caused this pain only yesterday, and I feel anger coursing through my body, giving me a burst of adrenalin to power myself off my knee, and gain extra leverage. With this, I am able to loosen, and finally break the grip Penny has on her own wrists. From here, I slowly but steadily power her arms out and to the side. We must look magnificent right now, two strong girls with muscles flexing all over our bodies, arms outstretched.

"You definitely still got it, Katie!" Penny gasps. "Go Katie go! Try and get out of this one!"

So saying, she suddenly slips her wrists free from my grasp and within a split second has me locked in a full-nelson hold. I cry out with the pain, as my head is forced down and my shoulders pulled back. She has it locked on fully. "Do your best, Katie... power out of this..."

"Alright," I gasp, and begin to pull my arms downwards into the crab pose, also known as the "most-muscular" pose in bodybuilding. My pecs and lats are straining with the effort, and as we strain, I catch sight of our reflection in a mirrored window on one of the walls. We look magnificent, even if I do say so myself. My torso is rippling with muscle underneath the soft flesh, almost as if I am still the Amazon of five years ago, except that I am noticeably thinner and smaller.

After a long time, I don't know how long, I finally flex hard enough to force her fingers apart behind my head. But I have to pause and rest, my cardiovascular fitness is definitely in need of training. "Keep going, Katie, keep flexing! You've almost countered me," Penny urges breathlessly.

"I... I'm trying..." I moan, feeling as if every muscle in my body is on fire. Even my legs, from standing in this lunge posture for all this time, are aching and complaining. I try to jerk my arms and shoulders downwards to break out of the full-nelson completely, but I just can't seem to muster the strength.
