 "My turn..." Kira said in her seductive voice that I was learning was hard to resist.

I grinned and she knew that I would do anything to have my pussy pleasured. I laid down in the spot where she had just had the best orgasm of her life and wonder what lied ahead of me. I knew that this incredible beauty had to have something planned. She looked over at me and asked if I mind that she tie me up. I wiggled my eyebrows and said that I didn't mind. She tied me up and immediately left the room. About 10 minutes later and me angry with wonton lust, she came back. I knew that she was teasing me and I started to have second thoughts about agreeing to the ties. 

"Do you trust me?" she asked.

O shit... I thought to myself. I made myself say yes because at this point my pussy hurt from wanting someone to please me. I noticed that she was now down in between my legs, her mouth just inches away from my freshly shaven pussy. 

She looked up at me and asked me if I would teach her how to shave her pussy. 

"No, your pussy is beautiful with hair and besides I have a thing for head heads...or pussies..." I told her. 

She smiled and I knew that I would teach her someday. She started at my right knee and worked her way up to my very inner thigh just barely going inside my pussy lips. she then when to my left knee and did the same repeating of licking sucking and biting her way down to my dripping love trench. Every time she got close to my pussy I tried to get her mouth on my aching clit. She looked and me with her beautiful green eyes and winked a seductive wink that told me that I was hers. As she got closer to my pussy from teasing my right leg she stuck her small yet powerful tongue out and licked a straight line from my anus to my clit. I gasped and she smiled. I threw my head back as she kept doing the same thing...up and down and then up again. 

God this feels good, I thought to myself

All of a sudden, as my climax was building, her tongue stopped at my anus and stayed down there. She circled my tight, virgin hole and shoved her tongue into my ass. I yelped at the immediate pleasure I felt and her hot breath on my inner cheeks. I pushed against her tongue but she held off some. She then came up and kissed me and I thought of nothing but this incredible girl kissing me. I swallowed all the saliva she offered me and then some. She started to play with my nipples and immediately I cried out as she was kissing me. She started to grind her hairy mound on the top of mine creating enough friction to make me want to cum. As I was getting close she stopped. 

Oh man, she's going to do what I did. I thought with excitement. 

She once again let me come down from the high I was currently on and she smiled at me. I smiled back unknowingly of the torture she was about to ensue upon me. Being a person of trust and faith in people I never thought that such a girl could be so evil! 

She went down again and this time let me get even closer than the first orgasm. By this time my pussy was aching and I was getting the feeling that she was repaying. What I didn't know what that it was much worse than what I thought. Right as I got to that euphoric high, she stopped once again. I realized that I was getting frustrated and that I needed to calm down. I struggled at my ropes but I was to firmly tied to go anywhere. Just then, as I thought she was going to bring me up again, she got close to my face and kissed me again. A deep, passionate kiss that left me reeling. 

She laid down next to me and tenderly stroked my breasts without saying a word. I asked her what she was doing but she just told me to trust her and to not speak. I agreed and laid next to her waiting for her to do something. Finally she got up. 

Oh good – now she'll let me cum, I thought to myself, she'll let my pussy feel that sweet torture of an orgasm. 

But she didn't do that. She went over and blew out the candles and came and laid down again. She snuggled up to my spread-eagle body and didn't say a word but played, stroked, and pinched my body. I was growing really angry with her when I heard her rhythmic breathing and knew that she was asleep. 

"Kira...Kira! KIRA?!?!" I finally yelled.

"Huh, what?" she moaned out in a sleepy reply.

"What is this about?" I was clearly angry at this point.

"Do you trust me?" was all she replied.

Lying on the bed, spread-eagle with her against me I had a lot of time to get really angry. I looked over at my clock and it read 2:30 a.m. I fell asleep shortly after, angrier than a wet hen. 

When I woke up the next morning it was to an incredible sensation at my pussy. I tried to roll over on my side but I couldn't. I was...I was tied! As the event of the previous night flashed before my mind's eye, I got angrier by the second. I looked over and she was gone – I looked down...and there she was, grinning. 

"WHAT in hell's name was that all about last night?!?!" I demanded.

She didn't look at me – just put her tongue on my clit. I finally understood. She made me wait until the next morning. Oh how my pussy still ached. I was sore from the ties but all of a sudden none of that mattered as I felt her splendid tongue on my aching love-hole. She took 3 fingers and stuck them in her mouth to get them wet and rammed them in my pussy. As she did that my hips rose off the bed and I screamed. A moment later her mouth was covering my clit and all I could think of was how god-damned good it felt. 

"ohhh Kira," I moaned.

Her pounding of my pussy wouldn't relent and finally my pussy got enough lubrication that they slipped in and out without much of a problem. She kept going and then took another two fingers from the other hand and shoved them into my anal passage again. I screamed in sheer ecstasy as both my holes were being filled while my cunt was getting love-sucked by an incredible gorgeous woman. My hips rose and fell with her hands and I wondered if she hadn't done this before. She was incredible. My love juices were flowing so much that I was making a spot on the bed. She kept going and for some reason the rise to my climax took longer. As I finally got to the point of no return she kept going. Pounding my cunt until I couldn't breathe. Wave and wave of pleasure ran over me and in me. I felt nothing but a euphoric high. One that I had hoped I would have experienced last night, but as I think about it now was the best experience of my life. That extended period or wanton lust and no satisfaction made my pussy go into an insane orgasm. As my high finally began to subside, I could tell she was tired – that her arms hurt. I told her to untie me and she did...delicately so as to let me go and not hurt my sore arms. Once she was done she looked at me and in her eyes I read that all she wanted was my satisfaction. 

"Come here," I told her while patting the bed next to me.

She eagerly got into bed with me and we snuggled up next to each other for what seemed endless amounts of time. We talked and laughed and got to know one another well. 

I could tell that I would never soon experience something like this again unless it was with her. 

"Do...do you...do you want to stay with me for awhile?" I asked.

"You mean move in?" she looked up at me.

"Well...yeah...I mean you don't have to if you don't want to but...I...?" I stumbled.

"I was hoping you would ask," she stated. 

That was the beginning to a wonderful relationship...