 Katie wasn't sure which situation she'd rather be in right now; being forced to perform oral sex on this violent woman or dealing with her parents, they both sounded horrible. The cell door opened and Katie got off the bed.

"Rain check," Sam chuckled. The guard grabbed Katie's arm and started to take her away. The female guard was silent as they walked, she didn't feel prisoners were worth speaking to.

"Do I have to see them?" Katie asked.

"Yes."

"Can I put clothes on at least?"

"No you may not"

Katie was not sure how this day could get any worse. She was being forced to see her parents naked and in jail after being almost sodomized on top all else she had to endure on her worse day ever.

After a long walk that wasn't quite long enough she was led into a room labeled "Visitors". Katie immediately noticed her parents, seated in metal chairs. She then noticed there was no glass between them like she had imagined there would be. She was not thankful for this.

Katie placed an arm across her breast and a hand over her pussy ashamed of being naked in front her parents. "Mom, Dad, this is so horrible, I'm so humiliated and..."

"Shut up you little harlot and uncover yourself. You have no problem showing the whole town your slutty body, you can show your family," yelled her father.

"Dad?" She started to cry.

"Don't speak I said!"

Katie shut up as ordered and dropped her arms to her sides showing her parents her tits and pussy.

"I don't know where we went wrong but its quite clear you have some serious problems and deserve this."

"But dad I was tricked..."

"Shut up! You are not permitted to speak to me. You have humiliated me and this family. Mr. Clark today told me today about how his little Judy got into Harvard. I had to tell him how my daughter got into jail. parading around naked in school and in public and starting fights, you've brought great shame to this family. You are no daughter of mine. Me and your mother need to discuss whether you'll have a place to stay when you get out."

Her dad's words caused Katie to feel overwrought she started to cry, knowing she had no sympathy from the two people who were supposed to love her most and that when she would be released she might be homeless.

"Quit your crying, you little tramp. You deserve a lot more than a week in here for what you've put us through. Now get over her and apologize to both of us."

Katie couldn't believe she was being forced to apologize for what's she been through and what its done to them. 'What about what it's done to me?' she thought to herself. Katie walked closer to them giving them a better view of her nude form. "I'm sorry, Dad"

"Do not address me as your father, we haven't decided what your place in this family is yet."

Katie wiping her tears said "I'm sorry sir." Her mother always remained silent when dad was angry so Katie couldn't tell whose side she was on. "I'm sorry Mom."

"Mom?" her father said. "That's 'I'm sorry ma'am'. Don't think it's gonna be that easy, whore."

"Please stop calling me a whore." she mumbled with tear filled eyes. She had spent her whole life trying to be good and pure and living up to her dad's view of an ideal female image and being called these names cut like a knife.

"You shave your cunt like a little whore so you must be a whore!"

She almost shot her hand over her pussy but decided better of it, her shaving was just supposed to be her little secret so she could feel better about herself and now its just the source of more shame.

"Get over my knee."

Katie had never been spanked she hadn't acted up since she was very little and learned to be obedient to her father very early. "Please no father I...."

"Did I say speak or did I say get over my knee?"

"Please no, I'm sorry!"

"Shut your mouth!" Katie's father stood up and grabbed her arm, then sat and forced her over his knee so she was lying flat facing her mother. She looked up at her mom hoping for mercy or even just a look that said 'I love you' or 'I'm sorry'. "Don't look at her, she can't help you. You're getting what you deserve. No one can help you, you are alone in your sin. Switch to the other side. As you know I'm right handed and I want to make sure you get what you deserve."

Katie got up slowly and accepting her fate laid down on her father's knees facing the wall. her naked breasts rubbed against the rough texture of his pants causing her nipples to grow erect and she was extremely embarrassed, knowing her mother could now see her bare bottom. She looked around the room find something to focus on instead of her family disowning her and the pain that was about come but all she noticed was the cameras in each corner of the room catching every angle on tape for the whole staff to see.

SMACK!

His hand came down fast and hard hitting both cheeks causing her to arch her back as she cried out in pain.

"OWW! Dad please stop!"

SMACK!SMACK!

"OWWW!" Two more blows came down just as hard one for her right cheek another for her left. She knew this was only the beginning and already her butt was very sore.

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

"OWW! DAD PLEASE IT HURTS!" This time her father hit both cheeks as hard as he could paused and repeated twice making sure each had enough power to cause agony. Her butt was already completely red. Every smack caused her nipples to scratch against her father's pants causing them to grow more erect and in turn making them more painful.

SMACK! SMACK!

"DAD PLEASE I'M SORRY!" she cried. Both blows reddening her butt further the pain was becoming excruciating and she wasn't sure how much more she could take.

SMACK!

"OWWWW!" She couldn't beg anymore knowing it would go unanswered but she also couldn't hold her screams in the pain was too much.

SMACK! This was his hardest one yet and on pure instinct she fell forward over his knee and ran to the corner where she rubbed her very sore bottom. The smallest touch hurt but she couldn't help but try to comfort herself. She looked over at her dad and he was fuming. He stood up quickly and screamed " YOU THINK THAT'S ALL YOU DESERVE?!"

"Dad please it hurts so much I can't take anymore!"

"YOU DON'T KNOW THE MEANING OF PAIN!" He then started to remove his belt. He raised it above his head and started to approach her. Katie was terrified and cornered, as he stood right in front of her she fell to the ground in fear.

She landed on her very sore bottom causing more pain and as he was about to strike she peed herself in fear. Katie laid in a puddle of her own pee terrified, humiliated, and in terrible pain. As she closed her eyes praying for this to end the door shot open and Officer Jones entered. "Visiting time is over."

Her dad turned to the officer and said "You said we had a half hour!"

"New policy. Fifteen minutes. Say your goodbyes as this is your one weekly visit and you may pick up the prisoner upon her release next week."

"Bye tramp. We'll pick up where we left off if we decide to pick you up." Her mother looked at her for a brief moment and the turned and followed her father out the door that led to the visitor's entrance.

Katie was curled up on the ground tears on her face and still laying in her own pee.

"Katie its okay, he's gone now, you're safe." Officer Jones rubbed Katie's back as Katie cried it out. "You have 15 minutes to yourself in here to get yourself together. I lied about the 15 minutes to your father."

Katie almost smiled through her tears, she was starting to see Officer Jones as her guardian angel as she'd saved her again. "Thank you." she said as the tears started to slow.

"I'm sorry you had to go through that Katie, you didn't deserve it."

"Officer Jones, can I ask you something?"

"Of course."

"What's your first name?"

Officer Jones paused, not sure of the right thing to do. "Natalie. You can call me that in private but don't ever speak it in public we'd both be in a lot of trouble."

"Thank you, Natalie."

"Can you stand?"

Katie's tears had almost stopped "I don't know, I'm in a lot of pain."

Natalie looked at Katie's butt for the first time and saw that it was redder than bricks. "I'll help you."

Katie started to stand using Natalie as a crutch she stood in her own pee and felt disgusting knowing her feet, pussy and the front of her legs were all but covered in it. As soon as Natalie stepped away Katie slipped on the puddle due to her wobbly legs and landed butt first in the pool soaking her ass and back of her legs. Her butt was of course very sore and this sent a shock through her entire body. "OWW!" She screamed out in pain and disgust.

"I don't think I can move..." Katie said feeling embarrassed.

"Okay, I've got you Hun." She put on rubber gloves and reached under Katie legs and neck to lift her.

"Please don't, you'll ruin your shirt, I don't want you to have to touch me."

"It's okay I've got a spare one to change into. I can't leave you like this." Natalie wasn't much taller or bigger than Katie but she was a lot stronger. She lifted Katie's naked body off the ground with ease and carried her out the prisoner's entrance.

"We've got to get you cleaned up. I'll take you to the showers."

Katie wanted to be clean more than anything besides clothes so she was glad to hear it. Katie rested her head on Natalie's shoulder and the feeling of human contact seemed to make things a little better. Before long they had reached the entrance to the cell blocks.

"Katie you have to stand now I can't let anyone see me helping you. It'll paint a target on you and they won't let me work your cell block anymore. Now just lean up against this wall I'm gonna go change my shirt in the officer's lounge over there" She laid Katie down on her feet. Katie used an arm to lean against the wall, not wanting her sore butt to touch it. Katie started to think about Natalie and that even with all her appreciation of her she was still very jealous. She got to change her shirt in private when she probably had a t shirt on under her uniform or at least a bra meanwhile she was nude.

Natalie came back with a clean shirt and started leading Katie. Katie was still very wobbly and took baby steps to the shower entrance which was right next to her cell block. "Katie, this is the prison shower, normally you would be sharing this with the women from your block but I think you earned a private one today." The room was pretty big like the one in her high school. Katie thought back to school and how she'd always went to a stall to change into her gym clothes and never showered at school at all. All that time keeping her body private and now the whole school has seen her naked.

Katie turned on the faucet and the hot water poured down on her wiping away the tears, urine, and sweat. Natalie stood in corner watching her and when Katie noticed she was reminded of her lack of privacy. She knew she couldn't overstep her boundaries by asking her to turn away so she just grabbed the soap and started to lather up.

"I'm sorry if me watching makes you uncomfortable, Katie but I have to. If you want you can tell me your story to keep your mind off it."

Katie realized how much she needed to vent and so she did retelling her story from beginning to end as she cleaned herself off. She started to clean her privates off with the bar of soap and as she rubbed she started to get a tingly sensation. She paid a little extra attention but when she noticed officer Jones saw what she was doing she moved on. She was so tempted to keep going but she knew it was wrong and it was too embarrassing. She kept telling her story and at times she'd tear up from the painful memories but she kept going wanting someone to know her side.

Katie was almost clean when she realized the only thing left was her butt. She had put it off for last trying to avoid pain but she knew she had to clean it after landing in the puddle of pee. She tried to scrub ever so gently but it still stung as she washed her ass. Katie stepped under a large vent that served as a drying as towels weren't allowed. At that point her story had ended where Natalie saved her from her father.

"Oh my god, you poor thing. I am so sorry Katie, I know that doesn't help or fix anything but I am so sorry. Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Can I have a hug?"

"My god, of course!"

Katie and Natalie hugged with Katie crying on her shoulder. Being in her embrace made things feel better for that moment. "I'm sorry Katie but I have to take you back to your cell now."

"I understand." Katie was led through the cell block and all the prisoners leered at her eying her nude body. Katie was exhausted from her day and at this point and almost didn't care. They were already at her cell when Katie remembered what Sam had planned and started to panic. She was about to tell Natalie when a page came over the prison intercom. "Officer Jones to the officer's lounge please."

Natalie pretty much pushed her in and left to answer the page. The door closed and Katie was now trapped.

"My, that ass is red. I bet you're hungry after a beating like that."

Katie turned around to see Sam standing behind her. Sam reached behind her and squeezed violently on both of Katie's bruised sensitive cheeks. It hurt enough she was about to scream and when she opened her mouth Sam shoved her tongue inside. Katie was mortified not only at the pain or violation but that this would forever be her first kiss.

She always dreamed about her first kiss being after a long walk on a beach with a handsome young man or even just a quick peck after a cute first date but for the rest of her life she would have to remember her first kiss as being forced upon her like so many other firsts this day had brought. Katie tried to pull away, but Sam pulled her closer and resisting only hurt her bottom that much more. Sam's tongue massaged her own and Katie wasn't really sure what to do. She could go along out of fear or she could resist and possibly have something much worse happen.

She decided resisting would probably only make Sam angry and force her to do worse things sooner. She tried moving her tongue the same way Sam was but Sam pulled back. "Does kissing a woman really disgust you that much?"

"No... I mean, I'm not a lesbian and I don't want to do this but..."

"Well you are gonna do this, there is no wants for you any more just my wants . So kiss me like you'd kiss a man!"

"I've never done that either..."

"Wait, what?"

"This is my first kiss. I've never done anything romantic or even held hands. I'm sorry if I was doing it wrong, but I don't know what I'm doing."

Sam took a step back, she had a look on her face that was almost guilt. She had assumed that Katie had at least gone down on a guy even if she was a virgin, she hadn't realized just how innocent Katie was. All her other bitches had been low life scum she felt no guilt over forcing to eat her out constantly but this was a high school girl with a one week sentence who didn't seem to have a bad bone in her body. She thought about letting Katie live her week out in peace, but then Sam thought about the ritual. Every new bitch had to go through the ritual. If they didn't they were fair game for any other prisoner to take. The ritual was the first week of a woman's sentence they were forced to go down on their dominant partner in the shower while everyone else watched and cheered on the dominant partner and hazed the new prisoner. Obviously some women were tough enough to hold their own and not be made anyone's bitch but Katie was certainly not one of those women.

Sam had always loved the ritual, dominating violent criminals in front of everyone else. She had never had a cellmate she hadn't forced into that position. No matter how much bigger or tougher seeming they were Sam was able to dominate them and make them her sexual slave. It's how she became known as the toughest con on cell block D. She would definitely lose her reputation if she didn't do it and the other women would definitely want Katie as their own.

As thoughts raced through Sam's head Katie wasn't exactly sure what was going on, one minute she was about to be sodomized and now Sam was just staring at her. Katie looked at her bare feet not sure of what to do.

"Are you being honest?"

"About what?"

"You're here for a week over some stupid high school fight and you've never done anything with a guy?"

"Yes, I swear I'm being honest."

Sam grabbed Katie's ass hard and it hurt badly. "Promise?"

"Yes, I promise!" Katie screamed.

"Tell me about the fight." Katie retold her story for the second time not crying as much as when she told Natalie but still tearing up.

"Katie, I'm sorry I stole your first kiss and I'm sorry I almost forced you to go down on me." Katie wasn't sure if this was a trick or not but she couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"You're not like the other women I've celled with. They've all been terrible people who deserved to be in here and deserved what I did to them, they were murderers, child abusers, and other scum of the earth. I told you before why I was in here, attempted murder, but I didn't tell you the circumstances. When I was your age I had my first girlfriend, yes, I am an actual lesbian not just a prison one, her name was Michelle, we were young and in love. She was my first kiss, my first love, my first everything, and I dreamed that we would spend our lives together. One day on a drive home from the movies we were hit by a drunk driver. I survived, she didn't."

Katie was always taught homosexuality was wrong but she never actually thought it was, she was starting to feel bad very badly for Sam and sat her very sore bottom down next to her.

"I was destroyed, I felt like a piece of my soul had been stolen. I wanted justice and placed my faith in the courts, but when I testified that she was my girlfriend, it became clear the judge was homophobic and he threw the case out. That night I set out to take vengeance myself. I went to the driver's apartment to kill him for what he did to my soul mate but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I broke down on his apartment floor with the gun still in my hand and he called the cops. I was arrested and that's how I got here. I knew I could never love anyone again so I set out to make sure no one would ever make me. I lost sight of who I was and what I used to have but you remind me so much of her, Katie"

Sam reached out and hugged Katie. Katie wasn't sure what to do she knew she was wrong about Sam now but she didn't know where this would take her. She decided to return Sam's embrace and their naked breasts pressed together as each put their head over the other's shoulder. Sam's nipples became erect and as they rubbed against Katie's so did Katie's. Sam went to kiss Katie again but Katie pulled back again.

"I'm sorry, I know you don't like woman, but there's stuff you should know." Sam explained the ritual to Katie and how it would protect both of them. "... I know this all sounds horrible to you but if you don't want much worse to happen to you it's what you have to do."

"I can't do that..."

"I know it seems that way and I won't force you but I can't stop the other women from making you do it to them if I don't claim you."

The words "claim you" rang in Katie's head, once again she was being treated like property and not a human being.

"They will do much worse to you, I promise, and I really don't want that to happen to you Mich... Katie"

Katie thought about the possibilities and realized as horrible as it sounded it was really her only option. "Okay... I'll do it."

Sam felt guilty about the impossible situation and worse about what she had to say next. "It can't look like your first time tomorrow so we need to practice." Sam could tell Katie was shocked. "It won't stop til you get me off and they'd know if I was faking, plus if it looks like I'm your first they'll know you hadn't done before and that won't look good for me."
