 We live in the mountains in Eastern Tennessee, the most beautiful place on Earth. We've been here about 5 years and have created quite a mountain paradise with lots of privacy to do just about anything we want without anyone being able to see us. I had to give you that explanation to provide the setting of this story. We will have many stories like this to come...

I was sitting on the front porch on a beautiful sunny Monday watching the dogs play in the front yard. I had the entire month of June off to catch up on my writing. My deadline is the first of July and I still had not been able to overcome this writer's block that was plaguing me. This was my second week off and I had two lines written. I was getting nervous that I would not meet my deadline and my editor would break our contract. I leaned back in my rocking chair and thought about what my next plan of attack would be. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep for a couple of minutes. I was startled awake by the dogs barking to announce we had a visitor climbing the drive to our log cabin home. I shook my head alert and tried to make out the car coming in unannounced.

As the car rounded the last curve in our driveway, I realized that it was my daughter's long time best friend, Katrina. Needless to say, I was rather surprised at this visit; we lived quite a drive from where she lived. She pulled her car up to the house in the circular drive and I got up from my place in the rocker and walked down the stairs as she got out of the car. She ran up to me and put her arms around me and just started bawling. I wrapped my arms around her and just let her cry. I had no idea what was wrong, but I knew I would not get an intelligible answer from her until she calmed down. The dogs had come over and wanted to know what was wrong with this long time friend of the family. They sat down and waited patiently until they were invited over. I rubbed her back up and down with both of my hands as she began to slow down a little bit. 

Out of habit, I said, "Shhhh...now it'll be okay. Calm down sweetie. Mama can make it better. C'mon, let's walk up and sit down on the porch and you can tell me all about it, okay?"

She pulled back a little bit from our embrace and as I looked down into her eyes, my eyes caught a glimpse of this young virile body's cleavage. Man, she had grown since the last time I had seen her, which was about two years prior. She had moved to upper New York State and was not as convenient to visit when we visited our daughter in Illinois. I loved looking at her as she was absolutely gorgeous and I had had fantasies about her for years. She's got a body and looks to make any straight woman turn her head. I looked away and toward the porch and we walked to the porch arm in arm. We walked up the steps and my hand slipped down onto her ass as she climbed a little ahead of me. I almost jerked it away but did not want to draw attention to the action. I just let it naturally rest back in place around her waist as we reached the top. We sat down and she began her story.

"My husband, William, has been cheating on me with his best friend's wife. I couldn't take it anymore at home; I had to get away. I just started driving without a destination and when I hit the West Virginia border, I decided to come and see you. I knew you'd be off work for the month and thought that maybe you wouldn't mind having some company as long as I don't interrupt your writing? I know that I should have called first, but I couldn't muster up the courage. If you don't want me to stay, I will leave and find a hotel. All I really need is some time to think and figure out what to do about my marriage. Please can I stay here mama?" (She had called me that from the second time she was ever over at our house.)

When I saw the look in her eyes, I could not resist this request. She has been a friend of my daughter's since the second grade. She was like a second daughter to me throughout the kids' lives and I have watched her grow into a lovely young lady. "Of course, you can stay here Trina. My home is always open to you. Stay as long as you want, you won't interrupt anything for me. Dirk left for a business trip this morning and won't be back until the weekend. I am having a little trouble with writer's block and can't seem to get my mind wrapped around a plot to this one. Actually, you will be a welcome distraction and maybe having your around will help unclog my brain. Do you want some lemonade; I just made it fresh this morning?"

She looked at me and smiled and came over and gave me a big hug. Her tits brushed against mine and my nipples gave way to a sexual tension that had stirred within me. My nipples were hard in an instant and I got up quickly to help avoid an uncomfortable setting. "I would love some of your homemade lemonade. You make the best!"

I walked quickly into the house and rubbed my hard nipples to try and get them tamed down a little bit. As I walked through the task of getting us both a glass of lemonade, my mind began to wander about the opportunities that could arise in the following days with us both here by ourselves. My husband would be upset with me if I let an opportunity pass me by like this. We are swingers and have a lot of friends that we both play with alone and apart. If I could talk her into staying until the weekend, I could definitely fulfill one of our long standing fantasies. We have talked a whole lot about fucking this little girl on cold lonely nights when we couldn't find any friends to come over and join us. She has been a topic of discussion almost our entire relationship. This was going to be a great week!

I walked back out on the porch with our lemonade and she was playing with the dogs. She finally had given them the greeting that they were patiently awaiting. They loved her and always have. She ran back up on the porch and I couldn't help but notice that she was not wearing a bra. Her tits were absolutely perfect C cup size perky little tits. Her nipples were hard and poking through the thin material on her tank top. She took her lemonade and sat down in the rocking chair next to mine. We sat and caught up with each other's lives and she told me the whole story of her finding out about her husband's infidelity. William was a very good looking man and had everything that he could imagine. How dare he fuck this up with her? He didn't know what he was going to lose and that made me very angry. After a couple of hours catching up and crying and laughing, I told her that I was going to take a swim and would love it if she joined me.

"Trina the water is beautiful, just the right temperature and just the thing to unwind from a long drive like you have just come off of. Would you like for me to help you with your bags?"

"That would be great mama. I didn't bring much and I am not sure if I have a suit. I didn't know where I was going so I didn't exactly know what to pack to bring with me."

"Trina, we are in the mountains dear. Our nearest neighbor is a mile away and the only people that can see what we are doing up here are the helicopter pilots that come by in the afternoons. If you don't have a suit, we can go in naked. I won't wear my suit either so maybe you'll be more comfortable?"

She looked at me and for a minute I thought I had ruined everything. She almost had a look of confusion and disgust on here face. I was in pretty good shape for a 45 year old and had worked hard over the last few years to firm up sagging areas on my body. For the first time in my life, I felt HOT! She must have ended the battle within herself because she came up with this huge smile. "I guess you don't have anything that I haven't seen before. And I know that I don't have anything that you haven't seen before. So, I guess it would be all right. Let's go!"

We ran down to her car and got her bags out and we took them up to the loft guest bedroom. I told her that I was going to go to my bedroom and get ready and that I would meet her at the pool. "Do you want something stronger to drink than lemonade?"

"I would love to have one of your famous daiquiris. You make them better than I have ever had before. I am going to freshen up a little bit and I'll be right down. Thank you for your hospitality mama. You're the best!"

I turned and headed down the stairs with a smile on my face a mile wide. This was going to be a wonderful week and I might finally get my hands on this beauty and make love to her. My pussy was soaked at the thought as I went to strip my clothes off and make the daiquiris. When I entered my bedroom, I couldn't help but reach into my shorts and see just how hot this little tramp has made me. I was surely soaked and could smell my sex fill the room when I slipped my shorts off. Would she be able to smell me? Or, more importantly, would I be able to smell her? I quickly disposed of my clothes and went to freshen up and clean my pussy for what I hoped would be a wonderful afternoon skinny dip in the mountain air.

As I walked to the kitchen, I kept getting glimpses through my head of her in the nude. I had seen her in a bikini which did not leave much to the imagination, but I had never seen her completely nude. I began making the daiquiris with these images in my head. As I was pulling out ice from the freezer, the cold air brushed against my nipples and made them hard as rocks. My piercings almost looked strained from how hard my nipples were. I filled the blender full of ice and daiquiri mix, added the rum and my secret ingredient. I chopped and blended until we had the perfect consistency and when I turned to pour into the glasses that I had set out, I was welcomed with the sight of Katrina standing there completely nude and smiling.

"Is this something that you wanted to see mama?"

I nodded my head because I could not speak. She was gorgeous and smooth and tan and had everything in the right places in the right quantities. Her tits were absolutely delicious looking and her pussy was nice and smooth. Absolutely bald, this is how I like them. She walked over to me and set the blender on the counter. She pulled me into her arms and pulled me down into a kiss. Her lips were nice and soft and melted onto mine with her tongue snaking out of her mouth into mine. I embraced her and wrapped my hands in her short black hair. I pulled her into me and shoved my tongue into her welcoming mouth. I caressed my hands up and down her back like I had in the front yard upon her arrival. She reciprocated the move and had my pussy trembling with desire as she touched me. Our tits were melded into our embrace and were rubbing each others nipples. I pulled back and looked her in the eye.

"Are you sure that you want to do this? Once we cross this line, we can never cross back. I want to more than anything but I want to make sure that this is what you want."

"I have waited for this day for years now, mama; I want to touch you and taste you and feel you inside me. I want to become your lover and you mine. Please show me the way a woman is supposed to feel."

With that, she pulled me back into another kiss. I reached between us and grabbed her right tit with my left hand and began pinching the nipple between my thumb and forefinger. She moaned into our kiss and my mind went reeling. I was finally going to get to taste this beautiful young lady and I was going to show her what I could do with a woman like her.

With the daiquiris long forgotten, I led her into the living room and down onto the bear skin rug that we had lying before the fireplace. I laid her down and looked into her big brown eyes filled with lust and leaned over and kissed her while my right hand moved down her body over her tits, stopping momentarily to brush over her hard nipples. When my hand reached the bottom of her stomach, her legs spread wide open for me to have access. I wasn't about to rush this and resisted the temptation to plow straight into her cunt. I gently rubbed my fingertips over her body and inner thighs. I lightly scratched her inner thigh and behind her knees. This made her skin react in goose bumps and I slowly made my way up to her pussy. I could feel the heat emanating from her sex hole and wanted to dig right in, but made myself behave. I wasn't sure if she had ever been with another woman or not, but I was going to make this first experience with me, a memorable one. 

I moved and kissed down her neck and sucked on her ear lobes while whispering in her ear. "Miss Katrina, you are so lovely and I have waited a long time for this opportunity. I am going to make love to you like you have never been made love to before. I want to show you all that I know and teach you all I can. I love to make love to women and I want to make you feel as special as I possibly can. You are one of the most special girls in all of our lives and I want to show you what I mean. If ever you cannot take anymore or don't like what I am doing, just say the word and I will stop."

"Oh mama, I have wanted this for so long. I used to hear you and Dirk making love when we were teenagers and Nikki would fall asleep. It would be so quiet in the house and I would follow the sounds upstairs to your bedroom. I used to masturbate outside of your bedroom door almost every night I spent the night. You and Uncle Dirk always made me hot. The way you two would talk around us teenagers and act like you were so in love all of the time. Your sex sounds turned me on so badly that I would have to finger my hot little cunt right outside your bedroom. I can't wait to feel you make love to me, please don't stop. There is nothing that I wouldn't do for you mama."

This made my heart swell, my cunt flow and my nipples rise. I moved down from her neck and took one of her erect nipples into my mouth and sucked on it softly and then grabbed it with my teeth and began bearing down. I gazed into her brown eyes with my sultry green eyes and began putting more pressure onto her nipple. I gradually got harder with just her nipple hanging out from between my teeth. I bit down until she squealed with lust and then I went to the other nipple. As I took her other nipple in between my teeth I reached down and slid a finger between her lips and slid into her hot little pussy and brushed my finger over her hard little clit. She gasped between the feeling between her legs and me biting her nipple. I rubbed her hard little clit in circles slowly and deliberately. She began to moan out as I orchestrated her every move with my finger. I quickly spread her lips apart with my other fingers and thumb and slipped two fingers inside her dripping wet little cunt. She was tight and hot. I would not be able to get enough of this hot little cunt. I was going to have to make her a habit. She was so slick with juices and I felt her temperature rising. She began lifting her hips and meeting every one of my thrusts. I could not wait to taste her juices. I brought my fingers out of her cunt and as she moaned in protest, I put the pussy soaked fingers into my mouth and licked every drop of her juices from them. She tasted sweet and salty and musky and sexy. I would have to feast on that pussy later.

She was writhing in my arms and trying to hump my thigh with her horny little twat. I reached down and shoved three fingers deep inside of her and when I curled my fingers into her g-spot, she trembled and cried out. I began thrusting harder and deeper with every stroke and sucked her nipples into my mouth as I finger fucked her hot little cunt. She was so wet and so hot I could hardly stand it. She felt so right wrapped in my arms with my fingers sliding in and out of her tight little cunt. I began rubbing her clit with my thumb and sucking on her neck. I could feel the ministrations coming from her hot little hole. I wanted to make her feel better than anyone else has ever made her feel. I wanted to show her what a woman can do to another woman. Her cunt was so slippery that I was able to slide a third finger inside of her and begin fucking her like a whore with my fingers. She moaned and met every stroke with a thrust of her hips. She met every one of my thrusts and began screaming out in ecstasy. 

"Oh Trina, you feel so good sliding on my fingers. I want you to cum for be darling. I want you to cum for your mama. You are so hot and I want to feel your cunt muscles clamp down on my fingers. C'mon sweetheart I want to make you feel like a woman and I want you to release all of that tension built up in you. I want to be your release!"

"Oh Mama, you feel so good inside of me. Your fingers fill me up and make me feel all special inside. Please don't stop, ever! I have wanted this for longer than you can imagine. Please make me cum like a whore. I want to be your sex slave this week; I want to be your lover."

My mind was reeling at her words and my fingers were amazed at the juices flowing from her hot little twat. She was amazing and I was going to make this last as long as I could. I wanted for her to forget about the infidelity of her husband and let me fill that void that was left inside of her. I wanted to be her savior. I wanted to be the one to enter her dreams at night and cause the smile on her face when she thought back to her time here.

Her pussy was as tight as I had encountered in a while and it felt good to stretch those walls and feel her body react to my thrusting. I looked into her big brown eyes and saw admiration and lust. I leaned down and sucked a nipple into my mouth and bit down as she raised her hips to meet my strokes. She could hardly keep her eyes open through the build up of the orgasm to come. I circled her clit with my thumb and wiggled the tips of my fingers against her spot. That was all she needed. When her cunt muscles tightened down on my fingers, I wiggled faster and felt the rush of juices fill my hand as she screamed out in ecstasy.

"Oh god, Mama, make me cum. I love the way you make me feel, please don't stop. You make me feel like a new woman. I never knew it could be like this! Oh...god...yes...that's...it!"

She exploded into an orgasm so intense that she almost pushed my fingers from her hole. I bit down harder on her nipple and she squealed. I leaned up a little and got a better position with more leverage and entered my fourth finger inside her slippery canal. She was soaked and building up to another orgasm quickly. I was still thumbing her clit and feeling it get harder just like a little cock. I couldn't wait to take the clit into my mouth and suck on it like it was a cock. Trina reacted to my touches just like I thought she would. That made my chest swell with pride that I could do these things to her body and make her feel good. Dirk would be proud of me.

I could feel her muscles clamping down in a pre-orgasm sense and I wanted to send her over the edge into an orgasmic bliss. I leaned over her and took her mouth in a deep kiss full of passion. Her tongue skimmed over my front teeth and into my mouth to dance around with my tongue. She kissed with a need that I had not experienced for quite some time. I wanted to build her to her release, even more. She reached up and began pinching my pierced nipple and that took me to a place that I hadn't been for quite a while. The newness of her touch made me shiver. In the back of my mind I thought about what it would be like to feel her touch my pussy. 

My strokes got faster, deeper and closer to her orgasm. She was holding back for some reason and I was not going to let this opportunity slip by. With my new found leverage, I used my entire arm to fuck her cunt with my four fingers. I neglected her clit for a minute and just worked on her g-spot. The reward of that neglect came sooner than I thought it would. Her juices came squirting out and filled the palm of my hand. Her muscles were contracting on my fingers and that made me thrust harder into her tight spasming cunt. Just as she hit the roof of her orgasm, I began thumbing her clit again and took her a little higher. I leaned back over and took a nipple into my mouth and bit down hard and direct. She squirted another flood of juices into my hand and screamed out. I wanted to get one more out of her before I let her down from this orgasmic plane. I took my fingers out of her spasming cunt and used my entire hand to frig her clit. My hand was moving a mile a minute and she was gasping for air. She lifted her hips up and held that position while my hand was moving swiftly over her clit. She sprayed a stream of juices all over my hand and that bearskin rug. There was going to be a definite wet spot on this rug. Wouldn't be the first time and it won't be the last.
