 The taxi, delved deeper into the city, away from areas, she would normally go. Kat looked out of the window, as Katrina flushed at the thought of her plans. Finally the taxi pulled up, she paid, giving the driver a tip and a flash of her legs as she got out. The street was brightly lit, with plenty of clubs and bars, people moving between bars, passed her on the street, some obviously looking which gave her a thrill. She took a breath, she could so easily just slip into one of the bars, and forget everything, or maybe just call the taxi back, go back to her hotel, and just leave this as a fantasy. She almost shook herself, no she had come this far she needed to see it through. Taking the first step, was the hardest, she could see the sign and the stairs leading downwards of her destination. She took the first step, then another, then another, until she stood at the top of the stairs leading down. The neon sign shone next to her as she gripped the rail, she felt almost blinded by the light, which shone down the stairs. 

The Moulon Rouge, wasn't your standard club, she knew, not from experience, but from hours, spent pouring over internet pages and reviews. She flushed guiltily, as she stood there, the sign of two Burlesque dancers, kissing, sort of gave the game away wat sort of place this was. She quickly looked around, before, taking the first step downwards. Navigating the steps in heels, was a bit of a drama, she worried for a few moments, about slipping and breaking her leg, and wondering how, she could possibly explain, that to her husband. 

Reaching the bottom she stared at the dark wooden door. A smaller door, was cut into the wood at face height, with a black metal grill over it. For some reason the door, seemed to be inviting her to enter a long forgotten world! She took another breath and timidly pressed the brass buzzer once, she didn't hear anything, and stood waiting. She thought maybe it wasn't working and considered knocking, but the door looked so solid, she could almost imagine, that wouldn't be heard either. Catching her by surprise, the little door opened and a pair of beautiful blue eyes, stared at her. It felt like the eyes were interrogating her, she almost turned around and fled, before they seemed to twinkle, with amusement. 

She heard a click and the door swung slowly outwards, forcing her to step back. She had been right the door, was thick and solid. Stood in the doorway, was a woman, beautiful, and smiling. Kat took a moment to just stare, before the woman smiled and invited her in. Taking another breath, she stepped over the threshold, brushing against the hostess as she did. She blushed, as the door slowly closed and locked with a loud click. 

The hostess, looked just as Kat had imagined, if not better, Blue eyes, so very beautiful, a tiny little black top hat perched jauntily on her dark hair, her face so pale, she must have some irish heritage, highlighted by the most lovely red lips, Kat could remember seeing. The woman, smiled and introduced herself, as Carla, and confirmed she was the hostess. Kat stood dumbly, just staring, not realising that Carla, was holding out her hand. Carla, smiled again and said "and you are?" 

Kat jerked back to reality, at the direct question and stammered "Katrina Head" suddenly she realised she had given her real name and stammered "no I mean Kat Stevens" 

Carla looked at her a moment, and said "So, which is it Katrina or Kat?" Carla, watched the woman, she had seen this before, so many times, she knew just how to deal with the situation. The woman in front of her looked like she was just about to bolt for the door. She reached out and put her hand on the woman's arm, sliding it down gently and non-threateningly until she reached her hand. She took it, noting the little ring, with its D ring, turned palm inwards and then placed her other hand around the woman's. She smiled and leaned a little closer "Your safe here honey, you can be anyone you want to be" she smiled again, making eye contact "I just need to know what name the booking is in?" 

Kat, felt like she hadn't breathed for minutes, her eyes darted to the door, but Carla's hands, felt so sure and safe, she felt herself slowly relax. She finally nodded, "ehm, thank you, It's in the name of Kat Stevens". Carla nodded, and turned, releasing one hand, to lean over the counter and turn a page around so she could read it. She kept her other hand, in Kat's reassuringly squeezing it gently. 

Whilst Carla, was looking, Kat had the chance to view her outfit, she looked stunning, wearing a black tailed coat, just like a pianist would wear, a black dickie bow tie a white shirt with a collar, under the dickie bow, but obviously it was more corset than shirt and left a lot of her chest exposed, the corset/shirt disappearing into tight black shorts, which seemed almost sprayed on and outlined every curve. Black fishnet stockings and black knee length boots, made up her outfit. 

Carla, glanced back over her shoulder, and turned her bottom a little for Kats benefit. Before saying "ahh, here it is, a booking for one, Platinum" she turned back, and smiled, "Well, I am guessing you have never been here before?" Kat shook her head, her mouth quite dry as Carla, fixed her gaze on her. Carla smiled, and said "There is nothing to be afraid of, you will be safe here". She winked "You have my word on it" Kat felt relief flooding through her, just looking into Carla's eyes made her believe she was safe. Carla smiled again and pulled a file towards her, "Well as a Platinum guest, you can choose a personal hostess if you like?"

Kat, paused, she had booked a platinum experience, the most costly, which did include a hostess. She had thought long and hard about it, and to be honest, she had worried, that her evening would be ruined, if no one found her attractive. From the explanation on the web site, it appeared a hostess, would be willing to accommodate her desires. Carla, opened the folder and turned a few pages, "Well, tonight, we have Marcy, available" Kat could see there were several photos and some blurb. Carla looked up, "Don't be afraid, honey, come closer" she reached her arm out and carefully, pulled Kat towards her. Kat didn't resist and allowed herself to be pulled close to Carla and so her hips touched the counter. Carla smiled behind her, quietly smelling Kat's hair and perfume. She moved herself closer, her body pressing gently against Kat's bottom. Kat felt the subtle pressure and the warmth from Carla, and for a moment, felt like wriggling just a little. She managed to stop herself. Carla, reached around Kat, pushing herself a little closer "Where were we, oh Marcy, brunette, 36-24-34, lovely figure" she ran her finger, down the typewritten notes, "hmm, shaved" she paused, "Do you prefer shaved, trimmed or maybe natural?" 

Kat was thankful, Carla, couldn't see the blush that flooded her face but Carla, could see the deep red blush, tracing Kats neck and throat. Kat stammered "Ehm, I guess, shaved, or trimmed" she paused "Is that ok?" 

Carla smiled "Yes, honey, its fine." She continued reading down, "Marcy is very enthusiastic, is that what you would like?" Kat froze, her carefully thought out plan, evaporating, is that what she wanted, she wondered!

Carla, turned the page and then again "Ahh, Sonya, lovely girl, brunette, little smaller than Marcy, a 34b, but she is pierced?" Kat shivered at the mention of piercings, and Carla, felt it through her body. "Ahh I see you like piercings" Kat blushed again. She couldn't explain it, but nipple piercings, just turned her on. She had none herself, although she would like some. She wasn't sure how her husband would react. She wasn't even sure, how he would react about her shaving herself. But that was a bridge she would cross when she got home. Carla, gently pushed herself tighter against, Kat, and whispered, "I think I might know someone perfect for you!" Kat turned her head slightly "Really, I have never done this before." 

Carla smiled "Never been with a woman?" Kat blushed and nodded, and Carla gave her a wink "Well, if you trust my judgement, I have the perfect woman for you?" 

Kat took a breath, she could feel herself reacting, to Carla's presence and warmth "I guess, if you can find the right person, that would be ok." 

Carla nodded "Leave it with me, but you may have to wait a little while is that ok?" Kat nodded, what was a little wait, when she had been waiting years.

Carla, led Kat through to the club, and she saw, it was exactly how it had been pictured, it was dimly lit on purpose, and had a very Parisian atmosphere, there were individual tables and booths around the dance floor and a stage. She smiled, it was perfect, just how she had imagined it. Each table had a little lamp, and they were all glowing a soft amber. Carla, guided Kat to her table, she showed her the switch, wish could turn to the lamp, red, amber or green and explained the purpose. Kat nodded, and Carla, leant forward, exposing more cleavage, her hand, gently stroked Kat's shoulder, "Rule number one, no means no, here!" Kat nodded and Carla said "If anyone doesn't accept that, then you just signal one of the waitresses or myself and we will deal with it ok?" Kat nodded and Carla squeezed her shoulder, "OK, well upstairs, there are some private play rooms, and your waitress, will get everything you need from the bar". She motioned a girl over, a cute blonde, in a black bow tie, black basque and tight black shorts. She had lovely legs, encased in fishnets attached to her basque and flat black soft ballet type shoes. Carla said "This is Hannah, and she'll take good care of you!" 

Hannah smiled and nodded "Anything you want, just call, ok?" Kat nodded as Hannah went off to get her a complimentary champagne.

Kat wasn't the first in the place and several singles and couples were already there, although she knew they were all women, she had to look twice at a couple of people. Her champagne arrived, and Hannah placed it carefully before her, she smiled bowing at the waist, as Kat's eyes were automatically directed to her cleavage. "Is there anything else?" Kat shook her head, and blushed and Hannah leant closer "Can I give you some advice?" Kat nodded and Hannah, said, "Turn your light to red, until you feel comfortable" She paused "Just relax, and let things happen, ok?" Kat nodded as Hannah, touched the red button on the lamp controller and the lamp changed to a subtle red colour. "There, take it easy, and relax." She moved away, but not far, and Kat couldn't help but peek occasionally at her lovely legs and cute tight bottom.

Kat, sat quietly watching as more guests arrived, a woman came out and announced she was the MC for the night, and sang a few songs and told some jokes. As she sang another song the waitresses, began bringing out starters. Hannah arrived at Kat's table and placed two starters down. She smiled and winked "you never know" and moved off. 

Kat looked up as she felt a presence and felt a flush when Carla asked "May I?" indicating the seat next to her and the starter. Kat nodded and Carla, sat and smiled "Will I do?" Kat blushed and nodded again as Carla laid her hand on hers.