 Kat didn't resist Carla this time, and walked on to the dance floor. Immediately settling into a comfortable closeness. She felt Carla's strong arm encircle her waist and quite naturally slide lower. She smiled feeling the touch on her bottom and the slight squeeze. Hmmmm she thought, this is so nice, she rested her head against Carla's shoulder and closed her eyes, swaying to the music and the demands of Carla's movements. 

Carla, gently moved her hand over Kat's bottom, letting her fingers wander and Kat smiled into her neck. Carla, waited a few moments, and then turned her head and gently kissed Kat's hair. Kat murmured and snuggled her body closer. Carla smiled, and released kat's hand, which made its way automatically to her shoulder. Carla stoked the back of Kat's head, bringing an almost cat like pleasurable murmur. She whispered "Kiss me Kat!"

Kat's eyes opened, she lifted her head and stared at Carla, kiss her! The thought was so pleasurable, she felt herself tremble. But she couldn't not here, not dancing like this, with everyone watching. Carla's lips looked so luscious and inviting, so pleasing to her. 

Carla watched the emotions, flooding Kat's face and with a gentle smile her hand reached up and took a firm hold of Kat's pony tail, and added pressure, Kat gasped and arched her neck, as her hair was pulled and Carla said "It wasn't a request Kitty Kat!" She brought her red lips down and touched them to Kat, who squirmed, but didn't resist. Even as they touched, Kat felt the softness and succulence of Carla's lips burn through her resistance and without thought opened her mouth to her.

Kat closed her eyes, as Carla's tongue, invaded her mouth, then darted out, her own tongue, following as if desperate for more contact. She tasted sweet, and luscious and exotic and a thousand other things, Kat couldn't think of let alone name. Her lips were soft, but so firm, so demanding, pressing harder and tighter, Carla's tongue was like a snake, probing, forceful, yet soft and delicious. Kat groaned into her mouth, her legs feeling weak and feeble as Carla's strength kept her upright. She could barely breath, not through suffocation but through neglect. How can a kiss, make you forget to breath. Her heart thudded painfully in her chest. Kat felt like she was spinning, spinning out of control, and deeper and deeper into Carla. She groaned again, and suddenly Carla's lips were gone, no longer touching her, enticing her. Her eyes flew open and she pushed towards Carla, wanting more, but the hand holding her pony tail, stopped her. Carla smiled and put a tiny peck on her lips, before saying "you like?"

You like thought Kat, how could anyone say such an understatement. She nodded, her eyes, travelling between the beautiful playful blue eyes and Carla's red lips. Her lipstick wasn't even smudged. Kat drew in a heaving breath, trying and failing to steady herself. She nodded, as Carla watched her. Carla raised an eyebrow, signalling she wanted more, and Kat looked away a moment, before saying "Yes, I like it". 

Carla stroked Kat's bottom as she leant closer, her scent and perfume seeming to surround Kat, she whispered "Better than your husband Katrina?"

Kat stopped dead a moment, her husband, Christ her husband. For a moment, she paled at the sense of betrayal, but her flushed excitement soon returned and she looked away again "Yes, better than my husband"

Carla, pulled on Kat's pony tail, making her turn her head and face her. "Much better than your husband?"

Kat's face betrayed her feelings, Carla watched intensely and almost with a predatory anticipation as Kat, closed her eyes a moment and then opened them taking a deep breath "So much better than my husband" Carla, flicked her tongue across her lips, enticingly and erotically and Kat couldn't help but watch entranced.

Kat moved her head forward, ignoring the sharp pain from her pony tail and managed to touch her lips to Carla's, "Please" she begged against those lips and Carla finally relented. Kat closed her eyes, allowing the sensations to wash over her as Carla, again forced her tongue between Kat's lips, which she was surrendering so easily and readily. Kat groaned, feeling the re-awakening in her nipples and mound. Each probe of Carla's tongue, felt stronger and firmer, more possessing and Kat sucked hungrily against it. Carla's tongue, made her groan, it felt so nice, soft, silky but hard and insistent. For a moment, Kat felt like she was taking a man's penis into her mouth and without thought, she suckled and sucked. Using her own tongue, to trace Carla's. Kat, couldn't imagine how, Carla's tongue, could be so large, and powerful. But she didn't care and groaned into this Sapphic kiss.

Carla, broke the kiss and could see the disappointment in Kat's eyes, she smiled every moment, Kat was becoming more and more hers! Carla's piercing blue eyes, caught Kat and held her, she moved her hand gently up to her jaw and said "Do you want more?"

Kat didn't even think but nodded and Carla smiled, "Well, if you want more" her fingers caressed Kat's jaw gently "What are you willing to do?" 

Kat blinked, do, what was she willing to do she thought! There wasn't even any doubts in her mind, no matter what image her mind could conjure, it would be worth it she thought. There wasn't a single thing she could think of that wouldn't be worth doing, for Carla. For just another kiss! She opened her mouth and uttered "Anything, anything you want!"

Carla smiled, oh how easy this was, Kat had told her anything, and she fully believed her. She could see no dis-honesty, guile or doubts in her eyes. She nodded slightly "Anything, I want, you're sure?" 

Kat didn't pause, her eyes, trapped by the blue eyes staring at her she nodded "Anything".

Carla, led Kat from the dance floor, but not back to her table, she led her through a doorway beyond the stage. Through a changing area, she opened another door and led Kat down some stone steps. Opening a door, she ushered Kat in. The room was dimly lit, but lit enough for Kat to see some of the implements around the walls and she froze a moment. But felt the reassuring, touch of Carla behind her. Once inside, Carla closed the door. She turned to face Kat and said "Kneel!" Kat didn't argue, but knelt on the cold stone floor. 

Carla, circled Kat once, pulling her pony tail a little to make her arch her back, but otherwise not touching her. She came to face her again "We need to be straight about things my little Kitty Kat, do you understand?" Kat nodded, relieved she didn't have to speak, her mouth felt dry and her eyes kept falling on various whips, paddles and other items she couldn't even guess at. Carla noted her eyes and the slight tremble in her body. "Relax, Kitty Kat, Relax!"

Carla spoke again "You want to sleep with me, have sex with me?" Kat nodded, not sure if she should speak. Carla seemed satisfied with her nod. She smiled walking a circle around her, her heels clicking eerily on the stone floor. "You're willing to do anything I want?" she paused "Your own choice, no pressure?" Kat nodded but Carla shook her head "Speak, Kitty Kat."

Kat's mouth felt dry, but she croaked "Yes, anything you want".

Carla tilted her head to one side, appraising Kat, "Your sure, anything I command, you will do?" 

Kat nodded, her mouth seemingly dryer "Yes".

Carla smiled, "Very good, Kitty Kat" she turned and pointed towards a corner "Just so there is no mistake, do you see the camera up there?" Kat nodded seeing the camera and its feint glowing power light. Carla turned her attention back to Kat "I want you to repeat after me, ok?" Kat nodded. Carla stood out of the way of the camera and said "I state your full name, do solemnly confirm and attest that I choose to give myself to Mistress Carla, for as long as she may wish, or until such time as she releases me from this bond"

Kat frowned a moment but spoke "I Katrina Ann Head" Carla held up a hand stopping her.

She crouched a moment, "Kitty Kat, louder, nice and proud, so the camera can pick it up". 

She stood again and motioned for Kat to start again. Kat wet her lips as best she could, and said "I Katrina Ann Head, do solemnly confirm and attest that I choose to give myself to Mistress Carla, for as long as she may wish" she paused trying to remember the final phrase. She wanted to get it right, for a moment she panicked and looked towards Carla but she just stared with those lovely blue eyes and nodded her head encouragingly, finally Kat had it "or until such time as she releases me from this bond".

Carla nodded "Well done, Kitty Kat, now just a little more ok?" Kat nodded, feeling a flush of pleasure at the praise. Carla said "I give myself, my flesh, my blood and my soul into the keeping of Mistress Carla, to do with as she wishes, to serve her and only her as she shall choose"

Kat frowned, she felt a chill run through her, at the words. But they were only words after all. So she spoke them, although with some trepidation. "I give myself, my flesh, my blood and my" her mouth felt so dry, she stumbled over the next word. She tried to wet her lips, but there seemed to be no moisture in her mouth at all. She looked to Carla, who merely waited patiently. She shivered, had the room got colder, all of a sudden, was there a definite chill, she couldn't feel a breeze or touch of air, but everything, felt so cold, like on a frosty morning. She shivered and moved her arms around her, hugging herself. She thought she could see her own breath as she breathed, but strangely not Carla's. She shook herself, she was being stupid, and wet her lips, finally getting enough spittle to moisten them slightly. "I give myself, my flesh, my blood and my soul into the keeping of Mistress Carla" again she paused wetting her lips, "to do with as she wishes, to serve her and only her as she shall choose".

Carla nodded "Good girl" the praise bringing a flush to Kat, but not any warmth. Carla spoke "The final part Kitty Kat" she paused "I state your name, make this declaration, in the presence of the old Gods and the New and I will be bound by it until released".

Kat again frowned, damn, it was strange, the words spoken seemed to chill her from the inside out. She shook her head, and for a moment, just a moment, she felt she had almost grasped what had been bothering her earlier in the club. The hand gesture Carla used, it seemed so familiar, as if she should recognise it. Why did she smell cigarette smoke, she hadn't smoked for over a year, suddenly she craved a cigarette, craved it deeply. Why now? She thought. She hadn't wanted a cigarette since she had finished the hypno therapy course. A glimmer of understanding came to her mind, why was that important? In her head she heard a deep click of a metronome, and the soft, clear voice of someone, someone she trusted, someone who she had to trust, to believe. She closed her eyes and for a moment she was in another room, another place, she was lying down and the leather couch felt cold against her. She could hear the metronome clearly and the voice, oh so clearly, but she couldn't seem to understand the words. Couldn't quite grasp, them, they seemed so familiar yet so foreign, alien sounding. She concentrated harder, but the more she concentrated the less she could grasp. Frustrated she opened her eyes and was caught by the clear blue eyes of Carla, who said "Kitty Kat, trust me, repeat the promise".

Suddenly Kat lost focus, she couldn't concentrate on what she had been thinking about, and anyway, it can't of been important she thought. She shook her head, the thought now completely gone. She focussed again and was surprised she could remember the words, she should speak, no a stronger feeling, something, that scared her, but in a good way, she didn't have to speak, she wanted to. She wet her lips "I Katrina Ann Head, make this declaration, in the presence of the old Gods and the New and I will be bound by it until released". She felt the cold suddenly build as she said the last word.

Carla, smiled and stroked Kat's hair, before crouching and giving her the most gentle kiss Kat had ever felt. It was like a whisp, a touch but held such promise. She spoke "Kitty Kat, well done" She paused, "But you still have time to change your mind." Kat opened her mouth to speak, but Carla laid a finger on her lips "Shhhh, little one, just listen" She removed her finger and tilted Kat's head up with fingers under her chin. "I will leave you here, for 15 minutes" Kat opened her mouth to speak but Carla, shushed her again "Remember 15 minutes, if you decide to leave, that is ok, and you will be released from your bond, just open the door, turn right and follow the corridor, it will take you out". Carla paused, "If you choose to stay, then you are choosing to be mine, you understand this, you will belong to me, and only me?" Kat nodded and Carla, kissed her gently again, she stood and walked to the door, she opened it and turned slightly "Remember Katrina, this is your decision, and yours alone!"

Kat watched her leave, feeling suddenly lonely without her. The cold also didn't seem to bother her quite so much. She lowered her eyes, as the click of Carla's heels moved further down the corridor. All she had to do is leave, walk out and turn right and she could go home to her husband, her home her life.