 The following story tells the tale of a true life transformation. The Saga is one of self discovery,and of sexual and physical growth in a shocking, yet erotic world of bodybuilding. I welcome your comments and opinions as long as they are supportive and positive.

My head hung low as my body felt a sudden, friendly warmth encircle my womb. Hot scalding breath pacified my groin as Cindi hungrily sealed her mouth upon me. I briskly jerked, realizing how sensitive I was down there without any pubic hair to absorb the swift, loving actions. I could feel the strength in her tongue as it carefully traveled along the folds of drenched vagina... I screamed my delight aloud when she unearthed my hidden, yet eager pearl. Since my sight had been hooded, millions of tiny bursts of light came over the darkness as my entire body focused it's energy on my simmering womb. No one had ever brought me to the early stages of orgasm so quickly; another convincing indication that this indeed was right... pure. 

My wide hips were clutched in Cindi's grip as her dedication flourished with each thrust of her tongue. She must have inhaled my clit into her mouth because it completely robbed my entire body of any remaining resistance. All I could feel was the weighty mass of steel dangling from my head... and quick, rapid jolts of my body as Cindi skillfully guided me to impeccable and utter delight. I began panting out loud... trying to be as boisterous as I could so that all could hear the pleasure I was feeling... I wanted to proclaim to all that this moment (and this woman) was mine for all of eternity. Each scream inspired Cindi to trounce her tongue across my clit... each gasp sustained her feast... My body that has dangling in mid air now swayed, only to be held in place by the sheer power of Cindi's grasp. My head fell back as the cold steel chains now lay upon my face... this shocking, bold new experience was all that I could have ever hoped for. Why did I waste all those years with a man when I could have had this? No time for questions... I was about to cumm, and hard.

My wails of rhapsody were shouted against the muffling links of steel... I tried saying her name over and over, yet now my flesh was dealing with the violent tremors that held me hostage. My groin thrashed about as I felt Cindi's assertive fingernails dig into me... there was so much hope between us at this moment. I knew it... and each loving gesture Cindi bestowed upon me sent me closer and closer to a nirvana never before experienced. She must have had her entire mouth over my pussy... there was no way anyone could ever do this to me. With my arms still bound above me, my involuntary muscles lifted me up in towering ecstasy as wave after wave washed over me... I was now crippled in undying devotion from this creature... 

"Cindi... oh my Gawd what are you... what are you doing?" I tried to voice, realizing that I probably wasn't making much sense. 

I felt the gentle reverberations of her low, voracious moans resonate throughout my swollen pussy. There is nothing quite like feeling a woman's moans within your most sacred and tender region. I knew she was loving every fleeting moment of this incredible act of unconditional love. I responded by lifting my legs up, and wrapping them around Cindi's head, resting upon the foundation of her shoulders... I easily held her in place as my actions only encouraged a deeper swabbing of my fertile womb. I felt her head gyrate side to side, sliding her moist lips between and under the folds of my pussy... whimpering in bliss with each stride. My ankles rested on her back now, tightening my lock... Another flash of light came out of nowhere... I shot up again... she lunged... I begged for me, she replied twice fold.

"Cindi, gawd... you... you... have me..." I tried to declare.

I was met with a soft wet tongue moving down my pussy, now focusing it's efforts on the scanty area of skin between my pussy and asshole... together, we discovered just how susceptible I was there. Slow gentle hearted strokes of her tongue greeted my flesh as I felt her soothing tongue revolve around my asshole... I shrieked at the top of my lungs; aghast yet delighted to feel this beautiful sensation now upon me. God, her tongue was so carefully slow and attentive... I had no clue how she was positioned for this feast, but it was unthinkable how she must have been. Throughout the flurry of images and feelings dancing throughout my mind, I could see me doing the exact same thing to Fiona the night before... just the mere act of having her tongue perform anal intercourse with me was mind boggling in it's concept. 

Loud and erratic gasps followed as I attempted to structure a sentence; "Oh... you're... you're tongue fucking me... my ass... in my ass." 

My bowels savored that warm slithering piece of flesh that eased inside me as I tried to relax my muscles... I wanted her inside me, no matter where it was. To have someone you care so much for actually inside you holds a powerful meaning for us females. It is a expression of so much truth, and carries vast significance... and the deeper her tongue went, the further I fell for her. I then felt her palms grasp each globe of my full, ripe ass... kneading the thick knolls together as she swam her tongue inside my ass... I simply couldn't believe that this could feel so good. My cheeks were aggressively massaged, and with each gesture of her hands, an equal and generous 'stab' of her tongue was felt inside. I then tightened my sphincter muscles to see what she would do... 'milking' her tongue in a way. I glowed with rapport as I heard a inaudible moan of approval emerge amidst my full ass. It was simply divine.

Cindi robbed me of all possible hints or thoughts of ever returning to a life of heterosexuality. How could one ever rightfully decide to do so after such incredible acts of love are bestowed upon them? To me, there was no choice, except that of just her, and only her. She annihilated all the pain and suffering that poisoned my heart for so long... and hanging there like a gutted animal felt absolutely wonderful. It was just the right prescription needed for a complete recovery. After slipping her tongue out from within my enchanted rectum, Cindi stood before me and lifted the veil of chains from my face. My mouth was swiftly pressed against hers for an arresting soulful kiss to seal our act of unconditional love. Between her lips and tongue, I could taste the fruits of her labor... my ass. It was just as if I had tongued Fiona's backside, purified with the sacred aroma of sex and ass juices. It was distastefully erotic...

I was soon set free, and now had ample opportunity to settle my score with Cindi... Up above I noticed a large oil funnel that dangled down into the pit... with a gentle nudge, I motioned Cindi beneath the funnel, and clasped the valve together as a flood of automotive oil flowed downward along her beautiful body. The shiny lubricant cascaded across her chest and arms in seconds, and soon her abdomen and legs gleamed in the radiant oil. My hands quickly rubbed the lotion into her gradient skin, taking my time in the erotic texture and feel of oil against flesh... Somewhat odd I agree, but I tossed aside all that I had ever known or thought about lovemaking. Instead, I embraced all that was possible using whatever I could to show this woman my love and fascination for her. Her powerful body glistened beneath the single bulb of light that barely illuminated the dark pit. My flesh soon fell into her arms as we hungrily made out with each other for what must have been hours. We both cupped our hands beneath the funnel, and poured generous amounts of oil across our bald heads... down our backs, across our asses and thighs... The raw, untamed aroma of automotive oil gave our lovemaking a unique twist indeed. Cindi was a machine... refined and made whole since our days of adolescence. Perhaps I was to be the lubricant she needed to smooth out her own life... perhaps...

I can't remember how long we spent together in that grease pit, but we ended up embraced on the hard concrete floor in one anothers arms. We both fell asleep in the comfort of our nearness... But before my mind fell asleep, I gently lifted my bald head to gaze into her wondrous eyes once more...

"I love you, Cindi. I always have." I whispered.

Cindi's convictions held me firm.

"I've loved you ever since I can remember." she replied. "I always wondered what ever happened to you since we graduated. Now..."

I smiled in such tender bliss, peacefully whispering; "Now."

Our lips meshed together a second time, reassuring ourselves that this affair was honestly true. A lifelong love denied and neglected, yet now falling victim to the assertive grasp of destiny. As her mouth engulfed mine, I knew then Cindi and I were going to be together for a very long time indeed. Our pasts were of little concern to us now, for we were acting as one... There were to be no questions or doubts... no hesitation, nor any reluctance on any of our parts. My head came to rest upon Cindi's brawny chest, silently slipping away to a peaceful sleep tucked beneath the protective hold of my lover's cover. My restored soul soared high in the Heavens of tranquility as I listened to Cindi's mellow heartbeat... The comforting vibration validated my thoughts as my life eased into a realm of new and intriguing promise. Cindi was to be mine for all eternity. 

We awoke sometime the next day, beginning the dawn of our love affair with a gentle kiss. We made our way from the grease pit into a spacious, dimly lit bathing area that was far different from my own private bath. The room consisted of decorative marble and ivory sculptures of large, voluptuous women that resembled an exotic, ancient Greek setting. Once inside, Cindi instructed me to wait as she slid into the deep waters of the steam bath where two younger looking girls intuitively came from side doors to bath her. My guess was they were in their early to mid twenties. The youthful ladies were silent, yet attentive as they slid out of the vestiges of their scantly clad, ancient looking fabric. Cindi stood in the middle of the bath, staring aimlessly ahead as the two girls tediously began their intimate, yet thorough purification of their champion. The girls were your typical looking women, not sculpted or bald like Cindi or Fiona was. This clued me in that perhaps they allowed other types of females inside their secret domain.

The girls worked in unison as they shared a single bar of soap, lathering Cindi's sculpted frame and bald head. Cindi remained motionless, almost in a trance like state as hands roamed her physique, dousing her chiseled flesh with rich, lathery soap until all the oil had vanished. Their next task was foaming her bald head with soap-- shaving the crown and eye brows clean. I so wanted to ask what was happening, yet something told me to remain silent. The sight was simply erotic to behold, like something from a ancient scene depicted in a museum, or painting from long ago. Two willing mistresses serving their Warrior's every need. I tried to examine their expressions to see if perhaps they were resisting an inner will to seduce their Master. Yet no signs of desire was seen... they appeared to be programmed to do whatever they had been instructed to do. I sighed heavily, appreciating this erotic, and captivating exhibition.

Cindi was then motioned over to the side of the reservoir where her legs, armpits and groin was meticulously peeled with a razor. Perhaps this was a daily event that she was subject to, and she obviously delighted in each second of it. The girls paid special attention to their shave, watching in acute concentration as Cindi's flesh was wiped clean of all remnants of hair. I then watched as they delicately exchanged the razor, sharing a soft meaningful kiss before initiating another stroke of the razor. I gasped, so enamored with the loving sight of two beautiful women tasting each other's precious lips. The sound of their moist kiss echoed throughout the chamber. It was magnificent to see and hear. 

The young Mistresses finished their undertaking, each lifting Cindi's arms outward as they guided her to the steps of the bath. They painstakingly motioned Cindi (still enveloped in her hypnotic state) out as they set out to dry their Matriarch's every curve with large, billowing towels of cotton. Cindi's arms remained stretched outward, now slowly rotating her body around as the girls did their best to pamper every inch of her Herculean body. Still somewhat damp, Cindi was then marinated in an assortment of rich body oils. The Heavenly fragrance filled the room, reminding me of a glorious garden filled with rare and exotic flowers. The girls' palms gingerly coated Cindi's body, now bright with oil. Cindi stopped, lifting her arms skyward as a low moan of indulgence was heard. The girls quickly responded by lathering her arms and back as Cindi gazed up into the Heavens, basking in the effluent grace of power and glory. One of the girls knelt, inspired to knead Cindi's lower abdomen and legs while the other affectionately grazed the smooth, bald head. Streams of warm oil oozed between their fingers as the skin was tediously stroked. My heart was pounding by this point, so inspired by what I was seeing. I had to act, otherwise I would lose all control and attack every one of them.

"This is their ritual." A familiar voice whispered into my trembling ear.

Turning around, my eyes were greeted with the angelic smile of Fiona. I gasped in delight as she lovingly placed her finger upon my lips to silence me. 

"Ssshh." She softly replied. "They'll be here for quite some time." She added. 

I wanted to jump into Fiona's arms right there. Her hand slipped into mine, motioning me to leave the sauna with her. I somewhat resisted, glancing over my shoulder as we departed. The last thing I saw was one of the girls on her knees, arching her back as Cindi awoke from her trance, grasping the wide healthy cheeks of her ass. It was as if the girl was offering her flesh as a sacrifice to her one and only God. 

The cumbersome doors silently closed as Fiona could now speak freely. I looked down to see her dressed in a charming, cream colored feminine gown that hung to her ankles. I happily embraced her as she too was glad to see me.

"Oh, Fiona. What happened to you the other night?" I asked, relishing in the loving embrace we shared.

Stepping back, Fiona soothed my questions with a fingertip to my chin. She had just done her nails too, now glowing in a fiery vermilion hue.

"I had to leave, sweetheart." She replied. "That was just the way Mother wanted."

"Mother?" I asked.

"The lady with the buzz cut, honey. She is our Mother here. She owns this borough." Fiona explained.

"But..." I tried to ask.

"Sssh. I'll explain it all shortly, sweetheart. Now we have to feed you, and get you out on the rocks." She said.

I nodded in agreement, and followed her lead out of the bathing area.

I was guided to a different part of the compound after Fiona dressed me in a more suitable outfit. A short, coal black satin robe that barely covered my hips and busty chest. I felt a bit more relaxed now, yet desperately wanting a bath considering I was still quite grubby from the night before. I abandoned that wish soon after I was brought into what looked like a cafeteria. Soft, melodious music was heard as I strolled into the dining area where dozens of other women were gathered for breakfast. It was astonishing to see... women of all different types dressed in elegant robes and gowns of ancient design. Large artistic murals covered the walls with scenes of women throughout the ages. Enormous tinted windows surrounded the area, allowing all to see the majestic landscape of the desert outside. The warm sun cast a heavenly glow to the room. I gazed about, seeing women of African descent... Asian, Hispanic... so many varied forms of splendor and grace. I then saw a string quartet sitting off to the side, gently performing a classical piece. The room evoked nothing but peaceful and harmonious affection. You could just tell that nothing but love and tenderness dwelled in this domain. Several guests greeted me with warm smiles and gracious welcomes as Fiona took me to the breakfast bar. The server, dressed in an elaborate servant's outfit, handed me a plate with a single piece of wheat toast, and a grapefruit. 

"You're on a strict diet of nothing but healthy foods and nourishment." Explained Fiona. 

I didn't say a word as I graciously thanked the lovely servant as Fiona and I sat down to eat our breakfast. I tried to take in all the lovely elements of this place as I hungrily ate my meager breakfast. Fiona finally began to explain to me what this intoxicating place was... It was a haven that 'Mother' started years ago, building a place where all women were welcome to discover their identities and inner will. Mother had built this with her own money since she was independently wealthy. Apparently, she owned thousands of acres here, and devoted every inch of land to this sacred commune. Women from all across the globe could come here and live without a fee, giving them a chance to discover their true selves through a healthy lifestyle of exercise and diet. Mother had excluded all men since it's conception, focusing on the true beauty of a woman's essence, and the natural calling each woman has to sapphic devotion. I was briefly amused by it's concept, yet was intrigued by how something like this could exist.

After breakfast, Fiona took me back to the room where I stayed the first night. Seeing the room was somewhat of a surprise considering all that had happened to me. 

"First things first. Let's pack up your belongings, and send them back to your Mother." Fiona said. "All of these things represent the old you, and don't have a place here where you belong."

I was shocked, wondering how I would explain this to my Mother. How could I just 'up and leave' like this without a convincing explanation? I could see it now. "Oh yea Mom, I'm at some lesbian camp with a bunch of gorgeous women. Oh, and I'm gay now too." I thought, laughing to myself as I quickly packed my suitcases. It was all somehow making sense though. There was nothing for me back in Chicago. Nothing but pain and heartache... I loved my Mother dearly, yet I hoped she would understand my decision. Fiona promised me that after my reconstruction, I could make contact with my family and friends to let them know I was okay. Quite frankly, I didn't care at this point... I wanted this way of life. I wanted Cindi.

Writing a short note to Mother, I explained that I was 'home' now, and that I didn't need these things anymore. Fiona arranged to have it all shipped out, and soon, I was dressed in primitive rags that scarcely clung to my frame. Fiona also dressed herself in similar attire (looking quite sexy in the two piece ensemble I must add), and took me outside in the blistering heat of the desert landscape.

With no shoes or any protective clothing, Fiona and I walked for what must have been miles to a huge rock quarry. She carried a small carrying case filled with water for our journey as we walked hand in hand to the site. There, we found about five other couples doing what looked to be like manual labor. This must have been what 'Mother' meant as 'getting me on the rocks'. All of the workers were dressed like I was, primitive and bare. They were busy moving and busting massive rocks as their overseers watched their every move. I sighed from the sweltering sun above, knowing I was about to get a good tan as well as a great workout. Fiona set aside her bag, and showed me what to do in my designated area.

Soon, I was busy shattering large sections of rock with a sledgehammer. I never had done manual labor like this before, yet knew that this would quickly shed all of the unessential fat I had. The barren setting of this quarry was so secluded, and very different from anything I had ever seen before. At times, I would glance over to see the other women struggling in their efforts, yet all of them seemed willing to be there. There was no cruelty or harshness from their partners... Hours passed by as I slowly adjusted to my tasks, perspiring heavily as Fiona sat comfortably a few feet away. I occasionally would glance up at her, taking in the full beauty of her commanding body. The thoughts of us making love gave me comfort in my efforts, and as the day lingered on, I felt the sexual urgency growing between us with each thrust of the hammer. I wondered what Cindi was doing while I was out here... what she ended up doing to that scrumptious, voluptuous matron who willingly gave her self to her... 
