 Kelly had introduced me to my bisexual side several months ago after a party at my house. Since that time we had experimented a bit driving around in the country, but nothing too hot and heavy.

At the time of this story, Kelly and I both had children in grade school. Since the kids were in school all day and my husband worked out of town, my house was empty during the day.

One day Kelly called me up and, in her most sensuous voice, asked me to meet her at my house on my lunch hour. I could tell from her voice that she had something up her sleeve and I had a very difficult time concentrating on my work the rest of the morning.

As I pulled into my driveway, I hit the remote control for the garage door opener and then pulled my car into the garage. There was no sign of Kelly's car anywhere. I'm very self conscious about my personal hygiene, so I headed up the stairs to clean up a bit before Kelly arrived. As I headed up the steps I saw a woman's purple top on the second step from the bottom. On the fifth step was a pair of blue jeans. On the landing where the stairway takes a turn was a purple lace bra. Three steps up from that were some lace undies that matched the bra.

As I turned into my bedroom, there lay Kelly on her back totally naked with a Hershey's chocolate kiss in her belly button. She asked that I lick it off of her. With my clothes still on, I took my tongue and started licking and sucking her toes, then her legs and up to her belly button where the piece of chocolate lay. I used my tongue and went around the chocolate and headed for her breasts and neck. My mouth found hers and we kissed, our tongues melting into each other. I continued to kiss her around her face and inserted my tongue in her ear. I then went back to the chocolate where I took it in my mouth and shared it with her. 

After sharing the chocolate, I turned my attention to her bald pussy. I could see the glistening from her dampness already forming where her lips came together. I licked my tongue up and down each side of her pussy being careful to avoid her clit. Kelly had become my coach and I knew she liked me to take it slow. It is one of the hardest things for me to do once I am turned on.

Kelly moaned as I continued with my tongue all around her pussy lips. After a few minutes, I couldn't take it any longer and wanted to hear the screams I knew I would hear from Kelly as she had her first orgasm. Kelly didn't disappoint me. As my tongue found her clit, her hips began to move up and down and she started yelling, "Lick me, Kay. Lick me. Suck my clit into your mouth. You've learned your lessons so well. Oh my God, I'm going to come!" Kelly's whole body shook as she pulled me toward her and kissed me with a deep French kiss, tasting her own juices on my tongue.

After Kelly's breathing slowed, she said, "Now it's your turn, girl." I was still dressed and still wanted to clean up. Kelly said, "Let me help." She got off the bed and we went into the bathroom together. There, she slowly unbuttoned my blouse placing little kisses all over my chest and tummy until my blouse was ready to come off. She peeled it off of my shoulders and it fell to the floor.

Next she unbuttoned and unzipped my skirt. I was getting impatient so I quickly pushed it down over my hips. Kelly said, "We're going to have to teach you to go more slowly and learn to let the anticipation build." 

"I only have a frickin' hour," I replied and I was already wet with expectation. Kelly seemed to understand and was a little quicker about removing my bra. I then pushed my panties down and turned on the shower.

My shower is a hand held type attached to a hose. Once the water was warm enough, Kelly and I stepped into the shower and she took the shower head and directed it right at my pussy. She took a bar of soap in her other hand and rubbed it over my wet pussy being sure to let her finger graze against my clit. I was already so turned on that I instantly flinched when her finger hit home.

Once I was clean, we stepped out of the shower and toweled each other off. The whole time we continued to pepper each other with little kisses. Then Kelly said, "It's your turn. Lie down on the bed, hon."

I lay down on my back and Kelly knelt between my spread legs. She leaned over and started drawing circles with her tongue on the insides of my knees. Her fingers gently caressed the insides of my thighs. She then started licking the insides of my thighs gradually moving up toward my pussy. I was getting very turned on and started to beg her to lick and suck my clit. She told me, "Focus on something, enjoy the sensations, relax and it will happen in time."

Her voice was extremely sensuous and added to my excitement. I could see her blonde hair getting closer and closer to my now wet pussy. What seemed like hours later, but was probably just a couple of minutes, she finally let the tip of her tongue touch my clit. The sensations made me warm all over and the pleasure built and built while she continued licking. Between licks, she continued to tell me to focus on something else and try to let it last as long as I could. But I couldn't hold off much longer. 

As her tongue penetrated the opening of my pussy, she began sucking on my clit. But it was her finger directly on my clit that sent me over the top. The orgasm I had shook my whole body and felt like it was coming from my toes. Feelings of pleasure consumed my whole body and I screamed at the top of my lungs, "Oh my God, Kelly, that feels so good! Fuck yes!!!!!" It seemed liked minutes before my hips stopped shaking. After my body relaxed a bit, I pulled Kelly toward me and kissed her passionately. Our tongues melted together in each other's mouths as I tasted my own juices on Kelly's tongue.

We lay in each other's arms for several minutes until I realized that I had to get back to work. I hated to have the moment end so quickly, but I didn't want to get in trouble at work. Kelly helped me get dressed and, still naked, kissed me goodbye and promised to straighten the bed before she left. We promised each other that we would get together again very soon.