 Kaylee stood by the front door of Cox Shoe Store waiting for the last few customers of the day to leave. It was almost five o'clock and she had a lot to do before Matt picked her up to go to the movies, but as luck would have, at five to five another customer walked through the door. 

Kaylee groaned to herself, "Why me?!?" She looked to see if either of the other salesgirls were free, but no such luck, they were both still showing shoes to the two ladies still seated in the try on chairs. Kaylee moved towards the 21 year old lady who was by now looking at a display of high healed evening shoes and asked, "May I help you ma'am?" 

"Yes," she replied, "I'm looking for a pair of black leather pumps, something like these, maybe." The lady was holding a popular black pump with three and one half inch heals. Kaylee directed the woman to sit down so she could measure her foot. 

Kaylee helped the lady slip off her shoe and slid it into the foot measurer. The woman had on a pair of very expensive silk stockings that clung to her perfectly shaped ankle and foot, and while Kaylee adjusted the position of her foot, she thought that she heard the lady make a small gasping sound! Kaylee looked up to see if everything was okay, but the woman caught her with a steady gaze, giving her no sign of there being a problem. 

Kaylee made the necessary measurements and announced that she needed to find a 7b in black leather pumps. The lady nodded and Kaylee went to the back room to find the pair she needed. When she came back she sat down on the stool in front of the woman and helped her slip it on with a shoe horn, and after working the heal back and forth, the foot finally settled neatly in place. Picking up the other shoe Kaylee repeated the process and asked the lady, "How do they feel?" 

They feel pretty good, and please call me Nickie," answered the older woman. "Well, Nickie, try walking in them to get a better feel," said Kaylee. Nickie stood up and walked back and forth on the carpet in front of the chairs and Kaylee couldn't help but notice that for a moment, this woman had a very nice figure. 

After several moments Nickie sat back down, but this time her skirt seemed to have slid much farther up her legs giving Kaylee a perfect view of the tops of her black stockings! Nickie said that these would be fine but that she wanted another pair, but in suede, so Kaylee again went to the store room and picked out another pair! After sitting back down, she began pulling off the black pumps that Nickie had just tried on, but as she began to tug on the heal of one of the shoes, Nickie slightly spread her legs to reveal a very bare shaved pussy. 

Kaylee stared for a moment but removed the shoes as if nothing had happened. She wasn't sure, but she felt that Nickie may have exposed herself on purpose! Picking up the suedes she started to put on the right shoe on Nickie's foot, but this time, only more overtly, Nickie spread her legs and held them open! Now Kaylee could plainly see the bare pussy, and while taking a longer look, Kaylee could see that Nickie was in a state of high sexual excitement as her crack glistened with juice that had leaked from her pussy!!! 

Making no attempt to hide her intentions Nickie flexed her pelvic muscles which made her lips open and close slightly! Breathing harder now, Nickie asked in a low voice, "Dear would you please massage my foot, it seems to have a cramp?" Looking around the store to make sure no one was watching, Kaylee took Nickie's foot into her hands and softly rubbed the arch, feeling her whole body stiffen as she gently rubbed the pretty foot.

Kaylee was now caught up in the game, and leered more boldly at the gaping slit between the older woman's legs as she was now unashamedly exposing her genitals to the young girl! Kaylee looked back up and said, "You're quite the slut aren't you?!?" The near dirty talk made Nickie let out with a soft moan. "Are you going to cum you little cunt," pressed Kaylee? 

"Oh yes," the now shaking lady answered! Kaylee could now see that the bare pussy was now beginning to spasm out of control as the fat lips began to open and close erratically as her orgasm began to build up in her cunt! Kaylee giving a quick look around the store, and when she was satisfied that the coast was clear, she buried her index finger deep into the gaping pussy, and after only two or three quick thrusts, Nickie's whole body stiffened while a vicious orgasm wrenched her shaking pussy!!! Afterwards, she slumped over in the chair waiting for her cum to subside and her breathing to return to normal before announcing softly, "I'll take both pairs of pumps, wrap them up."

As Nickie left the store, another salesgirl named Judy came over and said, "Nice sale at the end of the day Kay!" All Kaylee said was, "Yeah, nice sale"! But little did Kaylee know but Matt had witnessed what had just happened between her and Nickie, his sister.