 Once, when I was 18, I was home alone poking around the house with nothing really to do. I started snooping around my parent's room and found a box under the bed. I pulled it out and opened it. Inside was a pretty good sized stash of porn movies, assorted oils, lubes and a big12" pink vibrator. My eyes grew wide at this little discovery. Who knew my parents were so kinky? I knelt on the floor for a while looking through the titles of the movies they had. As I did I started to get really horny! I knew no one would be home for hours so I took a couple of movies, some lube and the vibrator. Quickly I walked to my room and closed the door. Once inside I stripped to my already wet panties turned on my TV and put the first movie in the player, then sat down on the edge of my bed.

Once the movie got going I was treated to the sight of two gorgeous girls kissing. They looked to be around my age and that really turned me on. They could have been someone I went to school with! Soon they started playing with each others breast through their skimpy shirts. Then they pulled those tops up and off and were taking turns licking and sucking each others little pink nipples. My own nipples were so hard it wasn't funny. I put the remote down and, with one hand, ran my hand from my stomach to my chest; lightly touching my one nipple then the other. Soon I was pinching them in time with one of the girls on the movie. I moved my other hand to my pussy. I was so wet and hot down there! I pulled the wet fabric to the side and slowly slid a nail up and down my lips. Fuck it felt good! 

The girls in the movie were pretty much naked now. Wow they had tight little bodies. I had always wondered what it would be like to be that close to another girl, or to kiss another girl. I wondered about it a few times especially in gym. There were some beautiful girls in my class and they never seemed to worry about covering up on the way from the showers. I would steal a look or two when they walked by, admiring their tits or how nice and flat their stomachs were. 

I was suddenly brought back to reality by the ringer on my cell. I was thinking of letting it ring but decided to at least see who it was first. I got up and went to my desk; taking the phone from my bag I opened it to see "Amy" on the call display. Amy was my best friend so it would have been rude not to answer; besides I had time to finish what I started. 

"Hey girl! What are you up to?" I asked.

"Not much Kaylee. Hey, is it ok if I stop by for a bit? I was on the way to the beach but it looks like it's going to rain now and I don't really feel like going all the way back home right now."

"Sure! No worries, my parents are out till late tonight and I'm not doing anything exciting."

"Great, I'll be there in like 5 min, K?"

We said bye and hung up. Shit, guess this is going to have to wait till later. Hopefully she won't stay too long and I can finish getting off. 

I went over and turned off the movie and hid the lube and vibrator behind the pillows on my bed. I had a bunch so figured they would be safe. I dressed and went downstairs. True to her word Amy was at the door in about 5 minutes. I opened the door and we hugged. We went right to my room. It's pretty big, I have a couch and some chairs there so I hang out there more than anywhere else when I am alone at home. We both plopped down on the couch and caught up for a while, she told me about her latest ex boyfriend and how hung up on getting into her pants he was. She told me about how they went to the movies and he put the moves on her. She though she would play around for a little while. He started with rubbing her leg and slowly worked down to between her legs. She was getting a little turned on so she opened her legs more, letting him reach up under her skirt and play with her pussy.

I was starting to get turned on again listening to her tell her story. We were sitting on opposite ends of the couch with our backs to the side. I had one leg pulled up under me and was now aware of how close the heel of my foot was to my pussy. I made a quick adjustment, pulling my leg in a little closer and under my skirt. Now my heel was against my wet panties and horny pussy. 

Amy went on about how he started to work a finger into her and how hard it was not to moan out loud. She said she reached over and felt how hard he was though his jeans. "It was hard," she said. "But not very big." She moved her hand up and down on his cock and could feel him thrusting up a little to meet the pressure of her hand.

By now I was rocking forward just a little, pushing against my heel. That pressure felt really good, but I wanted to be filled, I needed to feel that big vibrator in me, and this was driving me nuts!

Next Amy went on about how he asked her to make him cum, she agreed and asked him what he wanted. He stopped undid his pants and pulled them all the way down. She said it was dark in there but she could see how hard he was. He was maybe 5 inches, but it was pretty thick. He asked her to touch him. She reached over and felt how warm his cock was in her hand. She wrapped her hand around it and began to stroke him up and down. He had reached over and found her pussy again and started to finger her again, sort of in rhythm with her strokes. Suddenly he grunted and came! He shot it all over his stomach and shirt. He just stopped what he was doing to her and cursed to himself. She thought she had done something wrong and asked. He was like, "What am I going to do with this mess now?" Like it was her fault. She just said fuck it and walked out of the movie. He tried calling her later but she didn't answer and they broke up the next day.

"What a tease." She finished. I couldn't have agreed with her more. I was so horny now. All I wanted to do was finger my self.

Amy slid over closer to me. "Hey, are you ok? You look a little flushed." She put a hand on my shoulder. Her touch was like electric. She looked down and saw what I was doing with my heel and shifted back. "What are you doing?"

"I'm sorry," I was to the point where I didn't care if she knew now. "I am so horny today and you telling that story only made it worse. I'll understand if you're pissed, but I just could stop myself!"

"Why would I be pissed?" is all she said. Without saying another word she moved back close to me and leaned in close. I could smell the flower scent of her favorite perfume. I felt her soft lips against mine and slowly relaxed them, parting them slowly and allowing her tongue to enter mine. My whole face felt flushed and warm, my heart was racing and my nipples were like little pebbles they were so hard. I jumped a little when I felt her hand touch my breast through my shirt. Our tongues were swirling together; no longer tentative our kiss was raw lust. Amy reached down and pulled my shirt up, we broke our kiss only long enough for her to pull it off and toss it to the floor. Since I hadn't put my bra on after taking it off earlier she immediately had her hands on my tits. She was pinching my nipples and smoothing the palms of her hands over them. I was amazed at how soft her hands felt on my skin. I reached over and under her shirt to her tits and started to play with her nipples. Amy pulled back, breaking our kiss and looked into my eyes.

"Have you ever done this before, I mean with another girl?"

"No," I confessed. "I've thought about what it would be like but never have."

"Then all I want you to do is let me do all the work, you can thank me later," She said with a little grin. "For now let me make you cum."

"Ok, but can you do something for me?" I asked. 

"Of course!"

I got up and went to my bed; I reached under the pillows and produced the vibrator. Tuning around I showed it to her. "Please use this on me! I found it today and haven't thought of anything else since then!"

Amy got up and walked to me. She took the vibe from my hand and turned it on, it hummed softly but was strong enough to really shake her hand. "I would love to use this on you Lee!"

Suddenly she tossed the vibe on the bed behind me and pushed me back onto my bed. Quickly she jumped on and straddled me; leaning down she took my face in her hands and kissed me hard and deep. All I could do was grind my hips up at hers I was so horny now I couldn't stop even if I had wanted to. Her hands were all over my body, from my neck to my tits she stroked and pinched. She pulled from my lips and moved off the bed at my feet and pulled my skirt off. Now I was lying there with only my wet panties between us. Amy pulled my legs open and looked at how wet I was. 

"Wow, you really are turned on! I love girls who get really wet like you!" With that she reached up, hooked a finger on either side of my panties and pulled them down. She paused for a moment looking at my naked body. She then moved forward and knelt on the floor in front of my open legs. I scooted to the edge as she pulled my legs so that they were now on either side of her head. Her mouth was so close to my pussy I could feel her breath. It seemed like forever as I waited to feel something. Then suddenly there it was; her warm tongue on my slit. Oh my god did it feel good! So warm and soft as she ran her tongue from the bottom to the top toward my clit. I was so close just from the teasing I didn't know how long I would be able to hold out before I came! Slowly she added more and more pressure to her tongue until she split me open and began to explore inside my lips. I could feel my wetness as it moved to my ass. I could hear her moaning in approval as she captured the slow trickle and brought it back up, using it to lubricate her tongue on my burning clit. My breath was coming to me fast and I could feel the pressure of my orgasm building deep in my belly. I looked down to see her looking back up at me as she started to thrust her tongue in and out of my pussy. That was it; I couldn't stop it from coming. I suddenly bucked my hips up and grabbed the back of Amy's head. I started to moan her name really loud!

"Oh, oh god Amy yess, Amy I'm Cuuuuumminggg!!!" I pushed her face into my pussy as I came. I could feel her tongue still thrusting into me as wave after wave crashed over me. I could hear my heart beating in my ears and was surprised to taste blood; I had bitten my lip and didn't even feel it! Slowly I came down. I loosened my grip in Amy and let my legs drop limp. I had never ever felt that good before!

Amy pulled herself up and smiled. "Now, get on your hands and knees!" 

I looked up at her and saw the look in her eye. She wasn't even close to being done yet! I rolled over and brought myself up onto my hands and knees. Amy reached over and picked up the vibrator.

"Now, move closer to the edge of the bed." 

I did as she instructed and moved myself back toward her. I looked back over my shoulder and watched as Amy moved the vibe to my wet pussy. I felt the cool plastic on my hot lips as she ran the very tip up and down my opening. Even after the tremendous orgasm I had just felt I couldn't wait to feel that inside me. Slowly she ran it up and down lubing it up with my cum. She stopped and slowly eased it into my cunt. I slowly drew in breath between my teeth as she slid it into me. I could feel it stretching me open, more than I had even felt before. 

"How does that feel?" 

"Uhhhh, god it feels soooo gooood!" I moaned.

Amy stopped moving it into me and slowly slid it back all the way out. I whimpered.

"Oh please put it back in!" "Say please."

"Please Amy, put it back in me."

"Put what where Lee?"

"Goddamn, please put the vibrator in my pussy!" I moaned. I really wanted to be fucked now.

"The vibrator? Are you sure it isn't my cock?"

"Oh yes! Please put your cock back in me Amy!"

"Do you need my cock?"

"Oh yes I need to feel your cock in me Amy!"

With that she slid her cock smoothly into my pussy. I was so tuned on from her I was dripping wet. Amy slid the cock as deep as it would go and slid it back again, this time she only left about an inch inside me and paused.

"How bad do you want to Lee?" She asked.

"I need your cock soooooo bad Amy!!!" I moaned out loud.

"Come get it then." She held it steady, as I moved back toward the pink shaft, and impaled myself on it. I began to move back and forth on the thick dick in her hand. I was so lost in the moment I didn't notice that I was grunting each time I reared back on it. Amy held the cock firmly pushing it forward each time I thrust back. I was so close to another orgasm! Suddenly I felt it vibrating! Amy must have switched it on. The sensation was beyond words, it was like tiny tongues were licking me all over where the cock was buried inside me. I stopped for a moment to enjoy this new sensation.

"OOOOOH MY GOD AMY!!!Oh, Oh shit, oh god I..." Words escaped me. Without warning Amy started trusting "Her" cock into me, going deeper and deeper with each thrust. I was beyond bliss! My orgasm hit me like a train. I literally screamed as I came. My whole body shook as Amy pushed her cock in me one more time and left it. The sensations were almost too much. I dropped to the bed with the vibrator still deep in my pussy, legs spread wide and arms to the side. I lay there for a while shaking and cumming. I felt the vibrator switch off and then felt the bed move as Amy sat on the bed next to me. "Are you ok?" "Mmmmmm, I'm amazing!" I replied I lay there for a whole letting my heart rate come back to normal. I reached over and took Amy's hand. "Thank you! I feel so good right now!" "Good! But don't think we're done yet sweetie!" I looked over at her and saw the look she was giving me. 

Part 2

I was suddenly very aware of how open to her I was; Lying on my front with my legs apart and that large toy slowly slipping from my pussy onto the bed. I was taken by naughty this was and wondered how bad my parents would freak if they stepped into my room at that exact moment. Here was their little girl naked in bed with another girl! The more I thought about it the more excited I got. I came to and realized I was just staring at Amy without speaking.

"You ok/" She asked.

"Oh yeah, better than ok!" I purred. "I was just thinking about how bad it would be if we got caught.

"Oh really?"

"Yeah. Even if my parents walked in right now I don't think I could or would stop you. I'm so fucking turned on right now!!!"

"Then this should make it better then." 

With that Amy stood up and pulled her top off over her head. Her tits were so perfect, nicely tanned with nice little hard nipples standing up waiting for my mouth. My eyes roamed over her tight body, from her Dark hair to her titties, then to her small waist and pierced bellybutton. Next she unzipped her tight jeans and slid them along with her tiny thong slowly down to her small feet. Kicking them off she faced me, god she was so sexy standing there. 

"I take it by your stair that you like?" She asked.

"Yes, I love, you're body is so awesome. I can't believe I never really noticed it before."

"Well, you'll just have to make it up to me then!" she said with a grin.

She walked to the other side of the bed and climbed on, moving slowly toward me on her hands and knees. She was moving like a tiger toward its prey, slow and slinky. I was still on my stomach watching her approach while propped up on my elbows.

"Turn over Lee." She instructed.

I did as she said and turned myself onto my back staying pretty much n place. The toy slipped the rest of the way from my aching pussy. It felt very empty now. Now I was rewarded with the view of Amy as I looked up. She moved and stopped with her face over mine. Once there she leaned in and kissed me. You know, sort of like that scene from the Spiderman movie, only a lot hotter! Our tongues danced and explored and my own hand made its way to my titties. I pulled and pinched as she kissed me with animal urgency. Finally she pulled back, breaking our kiss. She looked at me for a moment and then started to move again, working down my body. She stopped above my breasts and lowered her head again, trapping one of my sensitive nipples between her lips. She lightly traced it around my very hard nipple, then gave a little more pressure, suctioning with her mouth. The added suction made me moan out load as she played with my nipple with her tongue. I reached down to play with my pussy, but felt her hand pushing it back to my side. She pulled herself up just enough to say:

"Not yet, let me do the work."

I obeyed and instead moved my hand up to her body and began to caress her soft skin. Her mouth resumed its attention to my breasts as I directed mine to hers. I touched her flesh lightly at first, waiting to see if she would object. I lightly circled her areola with my finger tip, making wider and wider circles until I circled her whole breast, then I did the same to the other side. Amy started moaning around my nipple. Her tits were right in front of me and I decided it was time to return the favor. I leaned up slightly and captured one of her nipples between my teeth and lightly bit down. Amy moaned loudly, letting my breast pop out of her mouth. 

"Oh Kaylee, that felt soooooo good, please don't stop!"

I did it again, lightly biting her tits, first one then the other. Amy was starting to thrust her hips as I teased and bit her nipples. This torture went on for a while until she finally couldn't take it any more. I imagine she was ready to cum since she got me off twice already!

Amy pulled away and started kissing her way down my body. It was so sexy watching her move down slowly toward my mound and watching hers get closer. I was getting so excited I was almost panting. Soon her pierced belly passed my view and her perfectly smooth pussy was directly above my face. I savored the moment, This was it, the first (and I hoped, not last) pussy I would ever taste. The sight of her beautiful little pussy burned into my memory. Her pink little slit with her lips just barely slicking out, the wetness glistening on them. I took in her clean scent, mixed with her sex. It all made me want her more. I heard her above me.

"Mmmmm, eat my pussy Lee! Don't make me wait any longer, I'm sooooo horny! Please?"

Mmmmm, I liked to hear her beg for me to eat her pussy! I arched my head up and stuck my tongue out and touched her folds for the first time with the tip. Amy jumped a little at the contact, she was so sensitive! I brought my tongue out further and ran it along her wet lips. Goddamn she tasted good. Slowly I moved my mouth over her, letting my tongue lick and the penetrate her. Slowly I dipped my tongue deeper into her. Suddenly I felt the cool tip of the vibe on my pussy. I moaned and ground my hips forward to meet it. YES I needed her to fuck me some more! I moved my attention to her clit. It so swollen it stuck out a little. I only took a moment to notice this before I gat it my full attention. Amy bucked her hips above me and shouted into the room.

"Oh fuck yeah Kaylee, lick my pussy good, Oh yeah your going to make me cum like that baby! Fuck my pussy oh baby, lick that...oh yes, right there!!!"

She kept getting louder and louder. 

Then I felt the sudden thick feeling of being filled with the vibrator, then the added sensations of it being turned on. My head was swimming with lust and ecstasy. My nose and mouth were full of the scent of another girl's pussy and mine was being stretched and fucked by that girl. I renewed my attention on Amy's pussy. Up to this point my hands were firmly holding her ass; I decided to see how hard I could make her cum. I wanted to impress her and show her how happy I was that she chose me to please! I dropped on hand and brought it up near my face. I moved my mouth off of her clit and replaced it with my thumb. Quickly I started to rub over her slippery clit. As I did this I pushed my tongue deep into her. Amy Bucked and moaned with new effort. She was pushing her pussy down onto my face trying to get my tongue deeper into her pussy. She pushed the vibe deeper into me and moved it so that it was pushing up and into my pussy. The vibration was more than I could take. My orgasm flashed through my body causing me to buck against her now sweating body. This seemed to set Amy off and shook as her orgasm racked her body.
