 I couldn’t wait to get to Julie’s house! I had just gone on a date with the most wonderful guy, Steve, and I had to tell her all about it! While walking down the street I couldn’t stop thinking about him. He was the type of guy that everybody in high school wanted, and now I had him. He was practically perfect! He was smart, funny, and oh-so-gorgeous! 

I replayed the kiss at my doorstep over and over again in my head. “Well, goodnight Kaytee”, he said. 

“Night” was all I could muster out. He leaned in slowly, grabbed my elbow gently, and pressed his sweet lips to mine. I wanted this to last forever, but soon he let go and opened his eyes. He smiled, then I smiled, and he walked back to his car and left. I was going to be giddy all night!

It was kinda cold, because I was only wearing jean shorts. Finally, I got to Julie’s front door. I ringed the doorbell three times, hoping she would answer quickly! 

Her big sister, Nancy, opened the door. All she was wearing was a t-shirt and pajama shorts. “Hey, Kaytee” she said, and smiled. 

“Hey. Is your sister here?” I asked. I couldn’t stop smiling. Julie is gonna be thrilled when she hears my story!

“No, she’s at swimming class”. Oh, crap! I didn’t even realize it was 10:30.

“Oh, well…. umm…… she’ll be back at eleven, right?” I asked. I couldn’t wait!

“Yeah. Why don’t you come in, and wait?” Nancy offered. “I was just watching tv. I could make some popcorn, if you want” She was always cool like that. For a girl in college, she didn’t seem to mind hanging out with an eighteen year old kid.

“Ok, sure” I said. I stepped into her living room, and saw she was some talk show. She closed the door, and walked into the kitchen. Being sorta shy, I just stood around.

“Take a seat on the couch, if you want” laughed Nancy. “You like butter on your popcorn?”

“Definitely, but not too much” I said. I was still daydreaming about Steve’s lips on mine…. 

Before I knew it, Nancy sat next to me, and put the bowl of popcorn on my lap. “Whatcha wanna watch?” she asked me.

“Oh, I don’t wanna interrupt whatever you were doing… we can watch whatever.” I took a small handful of popcorn, and took a couple pieces into my mouth.

“Ha ha, I don’t think you’d want to…” she said guardedly. She reached for some popcorn.

“Why not?”

“Well….. let’s just say its not the type of programming you’d enjoy” she said, and smiled. “Its for adults only”

Still acting kinda shy, I told her I didn’t care. 

“Alright, but I warned ya” she said. She flipped the TV to channel 3, and pressed play on her remote. Suddenly, two beautiful women were on the screen, kissing each other deeply. The blonde was sucking on the brunette’s tongue!

Now, I hadn’t really thought about girls like this before. Sure, I made out with one, but that was just a dare! I thought two girls having sex somehow seemed wrong. Still, I couldn’t help but feel sorta curious. In fact, I completely forgot about… what’s-his-name…. Steve.

Nancy, seeing me stiffen up a bit, grabbed for some more popcorn. “I’ll bet you want me to put something else on, right?”

“Well, if you want” I meekly said. Really, I didn’t, but I didn’t know what to think about all this. Was Nancy a lesbian? All I could do was grab more popcorn out of the bowl on my lap, and pretend I wasn’t bothered.

“Mmmmmm,” she moaned, jokingly. “You like this, don’t you Kaytee?” 

“Not really,” I said. 

She opened her legs a little, and started rubbing the crotch of her pajamas, trying to keep it secret. “God, I love this scene,” she said. “Don’t you think two girls getting it on is hot?”

I didn’t know how to answer. I kept watching the video, staring at the beautiful blonde now getting her huge tits sucked on. “I’m not really into girls….” was all I could muster out. I didn’t know what was going on. I felt sorta dirty about watching this video, especially with a girl right next to me. Still, I sorta liked it. It felt wrong, but it was kinda getting me a little horny.

“Quit hogging all the popcorn!” she told me. She scooted over to me, so that our hips were touching each others. Sparks seemed to shoot through my entire body! She was now openly rubbing her pussy through the thin fabric of her PJs. I felt kinda awkward, so I just pretended not to notice. 

“Here, you can take the bowl, then” I timidly told her. What was she doing? Does she not think I can see her? This is getting way too strange… But still, I couldn’t take my eyes off the two girls on the screen. 

She grabbed the bowl of popcorn, and placed it on the floor. “I’m not hungry anymore” she said. She scooted even closer to me, and opened her legs a little bit wider so that now I could feel her bare flesh against mine. She continued to rub her pussy. Was she trying to seduce me, or something? I didn’t know what to do. I wasn’t a lesbian, or anything, but part of me wanted her... What was I saying? I’m not gay!

“Nancy, what are you doing?” I asked. This was definitely getting strange, but I couldn’t even look away from her. I was getting so horny! 

“I won’t care if you want to do it too,” she casually told me. “It feels so good….”

Soon, I just didn’t care. Staring at the TV, I began to lightly rub the crotch of my shorts. These girls were so beautiful, and watching what they were doing to each other made me feel so good. 

Nancy stood up, and removed her pajama shorts. She stood in front of me and the TV, staring into my eyes. I thought she was so pretty, especially in a tight t-shirt and panties. All I could do was keep rubbing my throbbing clit through my shorts. While looking alternately looking into my eyes and what I was doing with my hand, she took off her blue cotton panties.

“Oh, my god…” I unknowingly whispered. Her pussy was neatly trimmed, with a strip of light brown hair. I was getting wet just looking at her. She sat back down next to me, and I pretended not to even notice. I just kept watching the lesbian scene playing out on her television.

She picked up the remote again, and turned the TV off. “Hey!” I said. “What did you do that for?”

“I thought you weren’t into girls,” she said. All I could do was look down at hand, now furiously trying to relieve my hard clit. 

“Besides, you’re making me hot. I don’t need the video” she said. With her right hand she kept masturbating. She lightly touched my face with her left, leaned in, and pressed her lips to mine. God, it felt so good. I was horny, but I didn’t know what I wanted to do.

“Please… don’t, Nancy” I whispered. She didn’t say anything. Her hand was behind my head, pulling it to hers. She kissed me again, with more force. 

My lips opened, and her tongue entered my mouth. I began to willingly suck on it. While kissing me, she reached down to my hands in my lap. I moved my hands away from hers, and she unzipped my jean shorts.

“Oohhhhh,” I moaned into her mouth. “This isn’t right, is it?” I didn’t care if I was a lesbian or not, anymore. I wanted her so badly.

She slipped her hand into my panties. For the first time, my pussy was touched by another girl. “Mmmmm,” I moaned. I thought I would explode just from her touch! She began to rub up and down. Every time she touched my aching clit, my hips would buck. 

Her face was pressed against the ears and cheek. She was breathing so heavily. 

“Hold on” I panted. I stood up and removed my shorts, revealing a white pair of cotton panties. I was going to make this easy. I wanted to cum so badly! I sat back down next to her, and she instantly reached into my underwear again. I could feel her large breasts against my arm, as she began to lightly lick my ear-lobe.

“UUGGHHH!!!!” I grunted. She slipped a finger into my wet pussy. My hips were humping her hand, as she pumped her finger in and out of my cunt. 

“Oh, Kaytee. Cum for me, baby” she whispered into my ear. She was panting, her breasts rubbing against me. 

“Fuck me, Nancy,” was all I could say. I was staring at her hand in my panties. My whole body was racked with guilt and pleasure. Shivers went up and down my body, as she nibbled my ear, and licked the lobe.

“Oh, god! I’m gonna cummmm….” She slipped a second finger into my throbbing pussy. My pussy was soaking wet. I leaned my head back, and closed my eyes. “Oh, fuck yeah….” she panted.

“UGH! UGH!” All I could do was grunt heavily, as I experienced the most tremendous orgasm of my life. She licked my cheek, up and down, as my hips slowly humped her fingers. I turned my head to her, and kissed her romantically. I tried to shove my tongue down her throat, while she eagerly accepted it. 

She withdrew her fingers from my drenched pussy, and held them in front of me. “You wanna taste yourself?” she suggested. It seemed kinda gross, but I obediently took them into my mouth. It was salty, but tasted so good. “Mmmmm,” I moaned, while staring at this beautiful girl. 

“Kneel on the floor,” she commanded. I kneeled in front of her open legs, anticipating being told what to do. She leaned up and took off her t-shirt. God, those were such large, beautiful breasts. She gently grabbed my chin, and guided me to her soft, creamy legs.

I kissed the inside of her knee. She sort of gave a little jump, so I licked slowly upwards. When I got closer to her hot pussy, I switched to her other knee, and kissed it. 

“Quit teasing me, baby,” she panted. I stared into her eyes, gave a little smile, and licked my way up the other thigh. When I got to her crotch again, I lightly licked her perfectly trimmed bush. 

She yelped a little, in excitement. I licked around her pussy lips, then gave a slow, long lick from the bottom to the top of her slit. 

“Mmmmm,” she moaned. I gave another long lick, and began to flick her hard clit with my tongue. “Oh, god…yeah, keep doing that” she whispered.

I reached around her legs, and grabbed her hips with both hands. She took the back of my head with her hand, and pressed my face tightly into her soaking pussy. I kept licking her clit, over and over again, as she began to gently hump my mouth with her cunt. 

She took one of my hands, and pressed it into her breast. Mmmm, it felt so lovely. I pinched her nipple, and stroked the breast alternately. I took my other hand, and slipped a finger into her throbbing cunt. 

“Ohh!” she yelped. She was now humping my face and finger furiously. I pumped another finger into her, in and out again. I kept licking her clit, long and slowly.

“Make me cum, Kaytee” she whispered. “I’m gonna cum, baby”

I took both hands, now, and stroked her hard nipples. I tried to shove my tongue into her pussy as far as it would go, then licked her clit. She held my head to her pussy, as she violently came into my mouth.

“UHHHhhhh!” she screamed. My mouth was filling with her juices, as she had an incredible orgasm. I kept licking, until she slowly stopped bucking her hips. 

“Wow!” was all I could muster. She took my face with both hands, and quickly bent down to kiss me deeply. Her own juices were oozing into her hungry mouth, as she sucked and licked my tongue. 

I kneeled up and leaned forward into her as she laid back. I took her left breast with both of my hands, and kissed her nipple. 

“mmm…. yeah….” she said, as I sucked her hard nipple into my mouth. I flicked my tongue over it, while nibbling it with my teeth. 

She laid down, sideways, on her couch. I laid with her, embracing her naked body with my arms. Her bare leg was between mine, resting on my panties. We kept kissing, lightly, as she stroked my cheek. 

“God, that was so good, Nancy,” I told her. “But isn’t being a lesbian wrong?”

“No. Its only wrong if you didn’t enjoy it.” She said. I didn’t really know what that meant, but I was glad she tried to comfort me. 

We lay there for about 5 minutes, when I saw lights against her living room wall. I stood up, realizing Julie was home. 

“Oh, fuck!” I yelled. “Don’t say anything to her!” Nancy didn’t say anything. She picked up her clothes off the floor, and ran to her room. I grabbed everything of mine, and ducked out her kitchen door. Panicked and standing almost naked in Julie’s back yard, I put on as many items of clothing I could. I ran straight home.

When I got home, I was racked with guilt. I felt so ashamed. What did I just do? I had always thought having sex with the same gender was wrong, and I didn’t know what to do now. Will I ever do this type of thing again?

THE END