 The next week was an uncomfortable one at school for Ally. She was usually overjoyed at every opportunity to see her boyfriend Benny. Things had changed recently. The reason: Benny's mother, Mrs. Parker.

The first time things went awry between Ally and Mrs. Parker had started at Benny's house while Ally was there playing a board game with Benny, his mom, and Benny's younger brother Matthew. Ally had hiked up her dress and flashed Benny several times under the table, only to be caught by Mrs. Parker. Ally thought Mrs. Parker was going to ignore it, but as she was leaving their house, she was confronted by Mrs. Parker and berated with very uncharacteristic language by Mrs. Parker.

Things went completely out of control several days later when Ally was invited back to Benny's house. Ally was talked into going to the store with Benny's mom and his brother. On the way, Benny's mom had whispered a scolding to her about the flashing incident and had groped Ally's pussy as she spoke. This had been more than enough to shock Ally's conscience to the core.

At the store, Mrs. Parker sent Matthew back inside for a forgotten item and while he was gone, Mrs. Parker threatened Ally to stay away from Benny and not corrupt him. Ally promised she would but Mrs. Parker, unconvinced, attacked her and fingered her to orgasm in the front seat of the family minivan. According to Mrs. Parker, she did it to keep Ally's mind off of Benny.

This encounter left Ally mentally reeling and unsure of herself the next time she went to the Parker household. Mrs. Parker had offered to take her shopping and as the shopping trip went on, Ally grew more comfortable with the woman and had nearly forgotten about what had happened in the minivan. Ally got a stark reminder when the two of them entered a clothing store and Mrs. Parker ended up practically stripping Ally in front of one of the salesmen. If that wasn't bad enough, Mrs. Parker brought Ally to another orgasm, this time in the fitting room, with the salesman listening outside the door. Once again, Mrs. Parker had claimed it was for Ally's own good because Mrs. Parker didn't trust her around her son Benny.

Every time Ally saw Benny's face in school, she was reminded of Mrs. Parker's face. Ally couldn't forget the look of disdain and disgust she saw on the woman's face both times after Ally had finished cumming. The woman, while usually pleasant, insulted her repeatedly. She held her sons up as beacons of devout living and regarded Ally as a sinful distraction.

Ally did her best to avoid Benny during the week. In part it was out of obedience to Mrs. Parker. She had truly grown afraid of the woman. But at the same time, every time she thought about the way she was fingered in the minivan and in the store, her pussy grew wet.

By, midweek, Benny had had enough and confronted Ally at her locker.

He stepped up to Ally and reached past her, slamming her locker shut. "What's going on?" Benny said. 

Ally stepped back and put her hands up in front of her. Benny's brow was furrowed and his shoulders heaved as he breathed. His anger was a look that Ally was only vaguely familiar with and the sight made her very uncomfortable.

"Why are you avoiding me? Are you breaking up with me?" Benny continued.

"What? No! Of course not!" Ally said. 

"Then why have you been avoiding me all week?" Benny said.

"It's not you, I just...," Ally trailed off and tried to stall for time. Telling Benny the truth was obviously out of the question.

"Is it my mom?" Benny said.

The feeling went out of Ally's face and she clutched the straps of her bookbag at the mention of Mrs. Parker. Ally felt her entire body growing warm. 

"It's her isn't it?" Benny said. "I know, she can be a little protective sometimes, sure. But she's a lot of fun to hang out with. And she really does think the world of you. She talks about you all the time."

Ally's thighs clamped shut involuntarily.

" I know I probably don't move as fast as other boyfriends you've had," Benny said, "But I know how to have fun too."

Ally rolled her eyes without meaning to.

"No really," Benny said, "I'm not as innocent as I look." He shifted his body weight onto his right leg and stuck his hand in his pocket.

Ally had to bite her lower lip to keep from giggling at his forced effort. She stepped forward and put her hand on Benny's chest.

"So when is the last time you got to third base?" Ally grinned and stepped closer to Benny until they were almost body to body.

"Oh well...I...that is to say...I...," Benny's voice went up an octave.

"Mmhmm, Mr. Experience," Ally closed the gap and allowed her breasts to graze Benny's chest. She looked into his eyes but he was someplace far away.

"Uhh...well...no...I'm not as experienced as you are," Benny said.

The words stung and Ally took a step back. She took her hand off Benny's chest and for a moment thought about slapping him with it.

Benny's face came back to the here and now as he apparently realized his poor word choice. "No, no, I didn't mean it like that."

Ally folded her arms. She knew Benny hadn't meant it but it was hard to discount how similar it sounded to something his mother might say.

"I'm sorry, I'm just not really good with girls." Benny rubbed his dark hair and stared at the floor. "And my mom doesn't really help matters as you can imagine."

Ally swayed gently as Mrs. Parker was brought up again.

"Ally, I can be a fun guy too," Benny said. "I know I don't drink and smoke and stuff like that but I do other things."

Ally raised her eyebrows.

"Yeah, I'm going to a youth retreat in a couple weeks that my church is holding," Benny said quickly, seeming to find his stride again. "I'm in the older group so we get to stay up later and they don't search our bags." Benny looked back and forth down the hallway as if someone might be eavesdropping. "Last year one of the guys snuck in a portable DVD player and a copy of 'Thor'. A vein stuck out on Benny's forehead and he looked to be on the verge of hyperventilating as he recounted the experience.

"That sounds like a lot of fun," Ally said. She winced at how sarcastic her comment sounded but Benny didn't seem to notice.

"Well I'd better get to class," Benny gestured with his thumb over his shoulder.

"Oh yeah," Ally looked over her shoulder in the opposite direction, "Me too. A little birdie told me Mrs. Chalmers is giving us a pop quiz."

"Good luck," Benny said with genuine enthusiasm.

The two of them stood and looked each other in the eyes. Ally swept her hair back from her face and raised her eyebrows. Benny slightly tipped his head and leaned toward her. Ally closed the gap between them only slightly, insisting that Benny come most of the way.

Ally closed her eyes when their lips met, savoring the soft touch of his lips. She reached up and stroked his cheek. Her chest felt warm and she pressed it against his.

Benny jumped back giggling when Ally slipped her tongue across his lower lip. He looked like he was about to start hyperventilating again.

"See you at lunch," Ally waved and began her walk to history class.

"Oh yeah," Benny called out and ran to catch up with her. "We're having a cookout this weekend."

"When?" Ally said.

"On Saturday," Benny said. He made a face as if she'd just asked what color the sky was.

Ally realized she should've known better. 'Sundays are for church' she'd heard Mrs. Parker say more than a few times.

"And we're having a movie night Friday if you're interested," Benny said.

The idea of spending the evening with the Parkers' collection of church-approved films didn't sound like a great time. But it'd at least be a chance to spend time with Benny.

"Ok I'll come," Ally said. "...On your cock...," Ally muttered and turned her head.

"Hmm? What'd you say?" Benny said.

"I said, 'Oh the clock', I've gotta get to class," Ally said and pointed to the hallway clock behind him.

"Ok see you at lunch," Benny said.

Early Friday evening, Ally steeled herself as she knocked on the door of the Parker household. She was wearing a relatively conservative light purple dress that stopped at her knees. The top normally showed off her cleavage but she had worn a white blouse underneath. She hoped it would meet the approval of Mr. and Mrs. Parker.

Ally was relieved to find Benny standing on the other side of it when it opened. Benny greeted her and for a moment looked like he was going to kiss her but then thought better of it and instead offered her an awkward handshake.

Benny led the way into the living room. Mr. Parker greeted her from his leather recliner. Matthew was asleep on a loveseat. He'd had a rough bout of spring allergies the past couple days and Ally had been glad to be temporarily free from his hovering presence at school. A box of tissues sat on the end table between the loveseat and the adjacent couch.

"Alejandra!" Mrs. Parker appeared at the doorway of the living room from the kitchen. "I'm glad you could make it."

Ally stopped mid-stride and actually stepped partially behind Benny. "Thanks for the invite," Ally said over his shoulder.

"Make yourself at home," Mrs. Parker said, "I'm just finishing the dishes.

Ally and Benny took up seats on opposite ends of the couch. The family was midway through watching 'The Incredibles'. Ally smirked as she noted the resemblance of Mr. Parker to the father in the movie. Aside from the hair color, Mr. Parker had the look of a real life cartoon superhero.

Mrs. Parker joined them a short time later. She stroked Matthew's back as he continued to sleep on the loveseat. She turned to the couch and glanced at Ally and Benny and the empty space between them.

"If it's all the same, Alejandra," Mrs. Parker said, "Do you mind if I sit on the end to keep an eye on Matthew?"

"No not at all," Ally said.

Mrs. Parker gave her an odd look. Ally realized she had probably sounded a little too enthusiastic as she moved to the middle of the couch and Mrs. Parker settled into the space she'd left open.

As Ally settled in, her heart did somersaults when she felt the back of Benny's hand rub along the side of her thigh. Ally cast her eyes to the side and then in Mr. Parker's direction. Moving slowly, Ally moved her left hand from her lap to the side of her thigh and wedged it in next to Benny's . Benny rubbed the knuckle of his index finger on the back of Ally's hands, making her shiver.

"Are you ok, Alejandra?" Mrs. Parker said.

Ally jerked her hand back to her lap. "Yes, I'm fine."

"I felt you shiver. Are you sure you're not cold? I could get you a blanket."

In truth, the air conditioning was a bit high but Ally was starting to warm up.

"No thank you, I'm fine," Ally said.

They continued to watch the movie and several minutes later, Ally felt Benny's hand moving against her thigh again. This time Ally kept her hands together in her lap. Benny became bolder and moved his hand until it was at the side of Ally's ass.

Ally looked around the room again to make sure no one was watching. She shifted just enough to allow him to slide two fingers under her. Benny squeezed her cheek between his fingers, making Ally shudder.

"Let me get you a blanket," Mrs. Parker said as she got up.

"But I'm-," Ally said.

"You're so cold you've got gooseflesh," Mrs. Parker pointed at Ally's forearms.

Ally looked down to see that her arms were indeed dotted with prickled bumps.

Mrs. Parker returned with a gray down blanket. Ally draped it over her lap, amazed at how soft it felt. Even though she wasn't cold, she pulled it up to her chin and stretched out her legs.

When the movie ended, Mr. Parker announced that he was heading up to bed. Although it was still early, the sun was gone and the room had grown dark. Matthew, who had just awoken, made a bee-line for the vacated recliner. Benny swapped out movie discs and settled back onto the couch.

As 'Shrek' got underway, Ally moved her hand from beneath the edge of the blanket. Matthew looked to be on the verge of falling back asleep. Out of the corner of her eye, Mrs. Parker seemed to be staring intently at the TV screen.

Ally moved her hand along Benny's thigh until she found his hand. As soon as she did, he ran his fingers over her palm. His touch sent a jolt up her arm. She relaxed her hand and allowed him to run his fingers over the lines of her palm. Her toes curled when he brought his palm down to meet hers. She tried to wrap her fingers around his hand but he moved his away. The irony was that Benny's slow and tentative nature caused by his lack of sexual experience created its own sexual tension.

Benny ran his fingers along Ally's fingertips, making her hand tingle. He traced them over her hand to her wrist. Ally tightened the muscles in her thighs to keep herself from rubbing them together. A fire was building between them and if she wasn't careful, Mrs Parker would snuff it out.

Benny slid his palm over Ally's with a motion that made her eyes flutter. He lowered his palm and repeated the motion with short, slow strokes. She grabbed the couch cushion with her opposite hand and bit into her lower lip as Benny's palm 'fucked' hers.

Ally was quickly losing the ability to think rationally. She looked to Mrs. Parker again and then as casually as she could, moved her right hand from the couch cushion to her dress. She pinched the material between her fingers and, little by little, began to raise it up her legs. Ally feigned stretching as she lifted it past her hips. She felt Benny squeeze her other hand and knew he'd noticed the dress moving.

When the dress went past their joined hands, Benny poked her bare thigh with his finger hesitantly. Ally pulled his hand and maneuvered it so that the back of his hand was resting against her skin. Benny didn't move so Ally began rubbing it against her thigh.

Ally removed her other hand from the dress and pretended to stretch her back again. As she did so, she moved her right hand to her right inner thigh. She spread her legs slightly further apart as she lowered her hand between them. She took a breath and held it.

When she made contact with her panty-covered box, a moan built in her throat. She tried to mask it by clearing her throat. When it seemed no one had noticed, she pressed her fingers against the damp material. She rubbed her fingers over her clit and had to clear her throat again.

Benny had started rubbing his palm against hers. Ally pushed her tongue into the inside of her cheek. She was glad it was dark in the room. If anyone could see her face, they'd surely suspect something.

Ally began to time her movements with Benny's. Each time his hand came down, she rubbed her plump pussy lips. She grinned in the darkness as she contemplated the fact that she was touching herself right next to her boyfriend and his mother. Ally's toes curled as she became more insistent with her movements.

Her concentration was broken when Benny stopped moving his hand and lifted it from hers. Her disappointment quickly disappeared when he brought his hand down onto her left thigh. Ally immediately began stroking her mound again, albeit at a less noticeable pace.

It was becoming stifling under the blanket. Benny ran his fingers across her skin in haphazard motions. Ally moved her left thigh closer to him to the point that their legs were touching. His hand remained on top of her thigh but Ally silently willed him to move it to the inside of her thigh. Part of her actually wanted him to catch her touching herself.

Ally began moving her left leg, bumping it gently against Benny's leg. Benny responded by squeezing her thigh. Ally's mouth fell open but she managed to stay silent. She couldn't take it anymore. Ally moved her fingers to the edge of her panties and pulled them aside. She hesitated a moment and then brought her fingers down onto her bare, wet cunt. She let out a loud, sharp breath as she did so, which finally drew the attention of Mrs. Parker.

Ally froze. She curled her lips into her mouth and bit down on them. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Mrs. Parker's head turned toward her. It didn't help that Benny was rhythmically squeezing her thigh.

Mrs. Parker stared at her for several more seconds while Ally remained motionless. Mrs. Parker turned her head back to the TV without saying anything. When it seemed Mrs. Parker hadn't noticed anything amiss, Ally ran her fingers over her soaking lips. She stopped before she reached her clit.

Ally was getting hotter and hotter under the blanket. She could feel her hair sticking to her forehead.

Benny's squeezes became longer and softer and Ally noticed his hand creeping toward her inner thigh. Ally stopped moving her hand between her legs. She considered grabbing his arm with her left hand to stop him but the further his hand went, the more she wanted it to keep going. His hand moved agonizingly slow until it brushed against the back of her right hand. She felt him stop immediately and pull his hand back. With her left hand, she nudged his forearm. Benny took the hint and moved his hand back. He stopped again when their hands touched.

Ally started moving her hand again, rubbing her fingers in circles over her pussy. She made a show of it, knowing Benny would be able to feel it. He brought his entire hand down over hers while she slowly pushed her index finger into her pussy. She could feel his hand trembling.

It was becoming harder for Ally to control her breathing or keep from moaning. 

Benny moved his hand to the side of Ally's. She was taken aback by his forwardness when she felt him wedging his hand between her hand and thigh and started trying to move her hand aside. Ally didn't resist and allowed his hand to move between her legs. She held her panties to the side and braced herself as his fingertips grazed over her mound.

Ally closed her eyes tight and clenched her teeth. Benny's touch was electrifying even though it was apparent that he had no idea what he was doing. At first he barely touched her as if he was checking the temperature of a cooling cooking pan. He randomly poked and prodded her thick outer lips but every touch sent a pulse through her body. He moved his fingers to her opening, stopped, and moved up toward her clit and stopped again. He brought a finger back to her opening and tapped it around the area, seeming to be mesmerized by her wetness.

Benny moved his finger back up Ally's slit. Ally was caught off guard when he kept going and his finger bumped her clit.

"Ahhhh!" Ally moaned loudly. She knew she had gone too far.

She pushed his hand away with her right while bringing her left hand from beneath the blanket to her mouth. She began forcing a long series of coughs which she accentuated by leaning forward as if she was struggling to breath.

"Are you ok?" Mrs. Parker asked, sounding genuinely concerned.

Ally didn't respond but instead continued to pretend to cough.

"I'll get you some water," Mrs. Parker said and got off the couch and headed to the kitchen.

When she was gone, Ally stopped her fit and sat back up. She reached under the blanket and lowered her dress back down her legs. She turned to look at Benny whose face was a mixture of wonder and concern. Ally grinned at him. Realizing she was ok, Benny grinned back. Ally half-lowered her eyelids and stuck out her tongue. She flicked it at him like a serpent and ran it over her upper lip.

Ally heard Mrs. Parker coming back and leaned down on her legs, trying to look like she was in recovery mode. She took the water and drank a long gulp before handing the glass back to Mrs. Parker.

"You don't look so well," Mrs. Parker said. She put her hand against Ally's forehead. "You feel a little warm."

"You have no idea," Ally thought. "I'm fine," she said. "Or maybe I'm coming down with his allergies," she chuckled and pointed to the sleeping Matthew.
