 WARNING: There is reluctant and straight sexual activity in this story. If you do not like either of these categories, I suggest you do not read. 

******

Also this story starts right where it left off in chapter 2. If you have not read it, I suggest you do. I hope you enjoy.

*****

Naomi quickly got up and put her clothes back on, then helped a dazed and satisfied Anna do the same. She was kind of jealous that her mother ate her girlfriend/sister so well her first try, but it didn't bother her so much, so she didn't think anything of it.

Once they were both dressed, Naomi told Anna to put a chair out on the front lawn while she went to get something 'special'. Anna compiled and got a green lawn chair from the back and brought it to the pathway to the front steps. When she came back in the house, she saw Emma trying to sit up straight and lean up against the couch still trying to catch her breath. Anna softly chuckled at the worn out woman's efforts. She noticed that her legs were still untaped and casually taped them together immobilizing most of her mother's movements. As soon as she was done, she heard Naomi call down for her. 

"Coming!" Anna answered. She took one last look at Emma before heading up the steps to her lover. 

When she opened the door to Naomi's room, she found her rummaging through their sex trunk.

"Where's Trevor?" Naomi asked, referring to their shared 9 inch purple dildo.

"Um...we just used him didn't we? It's probably under the bed."

"I already checked there."

"Is that all you were looking for?"

"Yeah, but I guess we can just substitute," Naomi started towards the door descending down the steps with Anna following closely behind. When they were both at the bottom of the steps, they found Emma trying to escape by inching like a caterpillar towards the front door.

"Oooh, don't worry mom. Outside is exactly where we're going ," Naomi said smugly.

Naomi took one of her arms and motioned for Anna to take the other. They both dragged their naked tied up mother outside on the walkway of their steps where the lawn chair sat.

The sun was shining high in the sky at 12:32pm with birds chirping and the trees flowing with the wind. "Ooh. Such a beautiful day to fuck your mother outside, doncha think?"

"A beautiful day indeed," Anna agreed, staring off in the horizon.

"Alright, set her down here, then sit in the chair." They let go of Emma beside the chair and Anna happily sat down.

"What if someone see's? God this is so fucked up," Emma cried out.

"Quiet!" Naomi replied. She picked her up and laid her over Anna's lap.

"The FUCK are you doing?"

Anna pushed her head her down and slapped her ass causing it to turn into a light pink. "She said, quiet!"

Emma whimpered quietly and laid there helplessly while she waited for her punishment.

"I'll be right back." Katie said dashing back in the house. "Warm her up for me, yeah?"

"No problem" Anna answered with a devilish grin. She leaned over and picked a blade of grass beside her. Softly and carefully, she brushed the tip of the grass over Emma's bare back. She shivered and grew goosebumps all over, she'd even relaxed a little. That was until she felt the single blade of grass run further down her spine, over her soft plump ass cheek and inside the crack tickling her in an itchy sort of way. Her first instinct was to reach up and scratch it, but with her hands tied up, all she could do was squirm and clench her two cheeks together.

"Oh now that's no fun. Come on mommy, relax," Anna said while she soothingly ran her hand through Emma's hair. Unfortunately, Emma didn't budge. Anna quickly changed her demeanor and pulled Emma's head by her hair so she could talk in her ear. "Open your fucking ass up NOW!" 

Hesitantly, Emma loosen up her butt muscles only to immediately feel Anna's two fingers plunging inside her asshole while the cursed blade of grass played back and forth on her poked out, hard, enlarged clit. "Oh my gahhh ahhh" Emma grunted. She felt Anna fucking her two knuckles deep mercilessly inside of her. 

Saved by the bell, Naomi came back skipping towards them with her hands behind her back carrying the widest grin anyone's ever seen. 

"What's got you so happy?" Anna queried still fucking Emma's ass.

"I found what we could replace Trevor with for the time being." Katie brought her hand from behind her back to reveal a long, thick, rinsed off cucumber. Emma, having her head down with her eyes closed tightly, had no idea what they were talking about, but from past events, she could tell it wasn't anything good.

A minute past and Emma found herself being stretched deliciously, taking the whole length of the cucumber in her sopping wet pussy. Her knuckles white from squeezing her hands into fists very tightly trying to keep from squirming too much. Squirming meant a soul searing slap to the ass that left a red outline of Anna's hand print on each cheek. 

She was more so afraid of getting caught in the midst of all this but that very same thought had her pussy quivering and leaking with need. She never thought of herself as much of an exhibitionist, but with the potential of getting caught so high, she couldn't help but tremble with little tiny orgasmic waves moving smoothly through her.

Fortunately, the inevitable happened, a man walked by across the street and saw the nude, defenseless, woman bent over a girl with another girl plunging a cucumber up her cunt. He looked like he was well in his 20s, much older than Naomi and Emma for sure. He seemed to have thought his eye's weren't working as he rubbed and blinked them trying to clear his vision. "Oh, my gah" 

"Hello," Naomi waved across the street "You like what you see."

"You-you girls aren't supposed to be doing this." the man said walking closer to the house

"Oh yeah? says who?" she said with a smirk. "I can uh, see your little friend doesn't mind."

The man looked down to see his fully erect member pointed towards the three women. He tried tucking it in between his legs but the damage was already done, everyone but Emma knew that he was very aroused by this public display. 

"Oh mommy, it seems we have treat for you," Anna told Emma.

Emma lifted her head up to find her old paper boy to the side of her. She hadn't seen him in a while what with him going away for college. She tried to squirm away but that quickly turned into a slap from Anna. She hung her head down in defeat and whimpered quietly.

"Hey, I know you girls. You're that family that adopted a kid a while back." The man realized "And... wait...Emma?? You girls are sick, how could you do this to your own mother."

"If we're so sick, why haven't you called the police yet," Anna queried. "l mean come on, you have a full on hard on right now, she's right here for the taking. It just depends on if you want it enough."

The man stood there stunned. He had always wanted to fuck Emma since he was a boy, but not like this. Somehow though, he couldn't seem to move his hand to his phone. Emma just looked so hot with that cucumber rammed in her pussy like that. His cock got impossibly harder in his jeans. His palms started sweating as he stood there watching as the cucumber slid in and out of her so easily. God, the sounds she made.

"Come on she doesn't bite." Naomi said as she grabbed his hand and led him over to her mother. It was as if he was possessed and had no control of his own body. Next thing he knew, his pants were unzipped and his cock was being pulled out by a hand that wasn't his.

"Wow we got a big one here, I guess it's good we fucked her with the cucumber first, I don't think she would've been able to take him without it." Naomi gripped his member, making him groan while his cock dripped with precum.

"You ready, mom?" Anna asked. 

"No, No, please James, don't-don't do thissssss" Emma's pleass were cut off by the feeling of James's thick member stretching her out. 

"Ohhh shit, this is so bad," James said as he used the weight of his hips to slide the length of his dick inside of her. Emma panted and groaned at the realization that he fit it all the way inside when she felt his thighs on her butt.

"Ahh she's clenching, fuck!" Soon he was thrusting in and out of her with abandon. Lust was oozing out of his pores as all of his fantasies of Emma fueled his hips into pounding harder and faster. Emma couldn't believe how her day had turned out so far. She's had amazing lesbian sex (granted it was against her will and with her two daughters) and now she's having sex, or rather getting fucked by one of the neighborhood boys, and...loving every fucking minute of it. The cucumber had already left her wet and gooey and ready for the next plunge. Now to have a hard, warm, smooth, young cock pistoning in and out had her wanting more. Not necessarily more dick, but more of what Naomi and Anna had to offer her. She knew she could never speak this truth out loud to them, it was far too embarrassing. Right then and there, she knew she wanted, no, needed her daughter's sapphic love.

For right now though, she'll just enjoy this proper fucking. James' dick was hitting all the right places, especially her G Spot. Oh my gosh, he hit it so hard and good every single time. She knew after a couple more thrusts, she was done for.

"Oh my god, she's so fucking tight," James, exclaimed.

Emma started gripping Anna's shirt as tight as she could as if to ensure that she wouldn't float away after this mind searing orgasm. 

"Oh god, oh please, oh god" she was crying for who knows what. Gasping for more and more air as her orgasm approached and eventually released the dam and all its glory. She put her mouth over Anna thigh and bit into it so as to not alert the neighborhood with her cries of ecstasy. 

James had felt Emma's pussy explode all over his pulsing dick and couldn't help but but do the same to her.

"Fuck, she just came on my dick, I'm gonna-"

"Ooohhh no, no ya don't, not inside my mom, I'm not looking forward to a baby in the house." Naomi said pulling James out of her mother. Emma whimpered at the sudden feeling of her now emptied hole dripping cum on their path way. "You can go now, we're done here."

"What!? But I didn't even get to cum yet"

"And you never will, if I decide to break it, go! Now!" James angrily stuffed his still hard cock down his pants, knowing full well he couldn't do anything to change her mind. 

"Come on, mom, let's get you cleaned up," Anna suggested.

Anna told Naomi to clean up everything they'd messed up while she took Emma to the bathroom.

She knew Emma wouldn't be able to stand up right after that hard fucking she had just gotten, so she cut the tape from her legs and helped her up the steps to the bathroom and sat her on the toilet. She stared deeply into Emma's eyes sitting in complete silence.

"I love her, you know," Anna finally said. "I know you think it's wrong, but we can't help what we feel for each other." Anna paused a moment before taking her shirt off. "I can see that you want me. It's in your eyes. It's so obvious, almost as if you're not trying to hide it." She stood up and wrapped her arms around her to cut the tape from her arms loose. She held her wrists tightly and forced Emma to grab her tits. "You like these, don't you?"

Emma couldn't find the words to say, so she quickly squeezed the large orbs, almost like a flinch. They felt so soft, but firm. She looked at her nipples, how small and pink they were...and...hard! So hard they looked like they were just ready to be sucked. She could've just assumed that she was cold, but something in her loins wanted the reason to be that Anna wanted her. Emma's heart rate went up and her palms her getting sweaty. 

"Just say it," Anna said kind of desperately. When she was answered with more silence, she made it seem as if she'd given up and took off more of her clothes until she was completely naked. She turned to the shower and cut it on before helping her mother inside. She lathered her loofah with soap and started along Emma's neck. Emma tried to keep a straight face during the process, but it proved very difficult. Anna continued down her arms where she grew goosebumps. "Just say it," Anna said slightly above a whisper. Emma looked up at her with half lidded eyes, breathing heavier than normal. She almost looked like she was going to say something, but decided against it. Anna travelled to both her shoulders and arms mainly just cleaning off the heavy sheen of sweat That's been building up since this morning. The smell of almond and honey filled the bathroom the more her daughter soaped her up.

"You know," Naomi started in a low seductive voice. "You ate me soo good, on the couch earlier, remember?"

"Of course I-I..." Emma started before she forced her mouth shut not wanting to give up her perversion just yet. She knew that she wanted Anna, she wanted her so fucking bad, but she couldn't seem to find the courage to speak it, but Anna knew just what buttons to press to get her to confess.

"Of course you remember...that's what you were gonna say" Naomi said matter-of-factly "You remember not because it happened not so long ago, but because you loved it so much." Naomi started to travel up to her mom's mom's breast and sort of slowly massaged them around and around, careful not to touch her nipples. "You loved the taste of your daughter's pussy. I could tell. After I came, you kept going, like you wanted it to last." Anna leaned into her so she was close to her ear. She whispered ever so softly "I bet you came so hard because the act of eating me got you so hot." 

Emma shivered under Anna's unwavering gaze. Even though she knew she was in the shower, she felt like her skin, had burst into flames "Say it." Anna said once more. Emma lowered her eyes to the ground holding them there, not wanting to be sucked into Anna's alluring eyes again. Anna went on to soap up the rest of Emma's body. Emma let out a soft sigh, relieved that Anna seemed to have dropped the subject. She then started to regain her strength and rinsed herself off. When she was done, Anna faked like she was about to turn the water off and grabbed her waist to pull her close. So close, every breath either one of them took make it so their nipples brushed up together. 

"Wha-what are you doing!" Emma said startled.

"I was as hesitant as you, once. When Naomi told me that she liked me, I was scared to say it back to her," Anna paused, reminiscing the start of her and Naomi's lives together. "You know what she did to get me out of my funk?" She said with a mischievous smile. Emma looked at her wanting to know the answer. Anna grabbed Emma's hair and pulled her towards her lips until they came crashing together. Their lips glided together in sync like they were meant to kiss from the beginning causing Emma's eyes to bulge out of their sockets. Even though Anna had already forced kissed her earlier, this felt like their first kiss not as mother and daughter, but as lovers. Anna cradled Emma's head with her other hand, sucking on Emma's bottom lip eliciting a little whimper from her. She ran her tongue lightly in the crease of her mother's lips asking to be let in.

Emma, without hesitation, parted her lips, accepting her daughter tongue as it slithered in and explored deep inside her mouth. Emma instinctively grabbed hold of Anna's hips as she slowly lowered her eyes closed. They both started kissing each other more passionately, sucking and licking at each other's lips, heavy sighs and moans being drowned out by the sound of the water from the shower beating down on their radiating bodies. Without thinking, Emma pushed her tongue in Anna's mouth where it was captured by her lips and teeth and sucked on. Anna pulled her in closer so their breasts mashed up against each other, but mainly so that she place her leg in between Emma's and pushed her thigh up against her mound. 

Emma eyes shot open as her daughter's thigh pressed up on her newly wet and throbbing pussy. Anna looked at her with bedroom eyes as she gently suckled on her tongue as her thigh stayed between her legs. Emma quickly caught ahead with what she was suppose to do and starting grinding on Anna's thigh quickly setting the perfect pace to make her cum quick. Emma broke off the kiss leaned her head back so she was facing the ceiling and cried, "Oh my god, you feel so good, feel so fucking good!"

"Your pussy's so wet right now, I swear it's dripping off me!" Anna moaned as she leaned forward to lick and suck along Emma's neck. Emma kept grinding, climbing closer and closer to her climax. Anna started kissing down her neck pass her collarbone and finally to her breasts.

"Ahhh yes" Emma whimpered as her weakness was being battered by Anna's unrelenting tongue as it flicked and circled her poor sensitive nipple.

"Come on mommy, cum. I know you can do it. Fucking cum!" 

"Christ! baby, we're gonna have to wash your mouth out after this."

"You're one to talk, but we can do anything you want as long as I get to suck your juices afterwards." Anna words were only making her climb faster to her orgasm but her stamina wasn't matching her libido and her hips started to slow. Anna sensed this and grabbed hold of Emma's hips and moved her up and down her thigh faster, coaxing the orgasm out of her mother. She moved in to continue suckling on Emma's nipples until she bit down on the sensitive nub which elicited a howl/moan from her mother as she experienced her third mind blowing orgasm that day. Emma was panting and flinching as the aftershocks of her orgasm burst inside of her over and over. Anna slowly let her thigh down and helped Emma out of the shower.

"So...what was that about washing my mouth out?" Anna asked grabbing Emma's butt and pulling her close again. Emma smirked and wrapped her arms around her daughter's neck. 

"Shut up." Emma leaned forward and kissed Anna long and hard.

Suddenly the door opened startling them both. "I knew I heard something...dirty." Naomi said leaning up against the frame of the door.

"Mmm you sure did." Emma said with new found confidence as she pulled Naomi by her shirt collar until she was close enough to devour her lips. She looked up to Naomi's surprised eyes and looked over to Anna's knowing ones. She knew this is where she wanted to be. She took her daughter into her arms and kissed her, licking everywhere but her uvula. She kissed her baby girl and knew she'd never ever have sexual frustrations again.

The end

****

Please vote and comment. Hope you enjoyed.