 Chapter 1

Brooke sat in the small coffee shop flipping through the classifieds looking for a somewhat appealing ad. She had just moved here a week ago and still had no leads on a place to live. She certainly couldn't afford living in a hotel for much longer. At 23, and fresh out of college, she had never lived alone and certainly couldn't afford a place on her own yet. "Roommate wanted, 1 bedroom, 1 bath, w/ pull out couch, seriously?" she mumbled to herself. She didn't think finding a place would be so hard. Or maybe you're just too picky she thought to herself. 

"Excuse me?" a female voice said. 

Brooke looked up and was suddenly at a loss for words. She was staring at, easily, the most gorgeous woman she'd ever seen. The girl was wearing a short jean skirt that showed off incredibly long, tan legs and a very pretty top that wasn't tight but hinted at a very nice chest. She had long blonde hair that fell in perfect waves to her breasts and made it look like she just left the hair salon. As Brooke stared into her striking green eyes she had to mentally shake herself back to reality. 

"Yes?" she replied with a smile, trying to sound casual and not embarrass herself. 

"Do you mind if I share this table with you?" she asked. "It's really busy in here this morning."

Brooke looked around and was surprised to see how busy it had gotten in the short time she had been sitting there. She noticed several men staring at the gorgeous blonde that was standing in front of her. 

"No, not at all," Brooke replied in a friendly tone. 

As the blonde sat down with her coffee, she reached out and extended her hand, "I'm Kelly James," she said with a smile that gave Brooke butterflies. 

"Brooke Taylor, nice to meet you," Brooke replied and took her hand. 

As soon as their hands touched Brooke felt a jolt of electricity run through her body. "Get a grip, Brooke," she thought to herself. Her feelings were both strange and confusing since she had never been attracted to a woman before. She figured it was just excitement at the thought of making a new friend.

***

Kelly stared at the pretty brunette sitting in front of her and smiled as they pulled their hands away. She was very aware of the tingling she felt in her body when their hands touched and wondered if the brunette felt it too. 

The girl sitting across from her was absolutely stunning. She had long dark brown hair which looked incredibly soft; Kelly had the sudden urge to run her fingers through it. Kelly had also immediately noticed the girls clear blue eyes which were hypnotizing as they looked at her. 

"Brooke, what a beautiful name," she replied. 

"Thanks, so is Kelly," Brooke replied with a bright smile that revealed straight white teeth. 

"I didn't mean to interrupt," Kelly said looking at the paper Brooke was reading and the pen in her hand. 

"Actually, I wasn't making much progress," Brooke answered with a slight frown. 

Kelly could see she was looking at the classifieds as Brooke told her she was looking for a place to live. 

"I just moved here about a week ago for a new job and haven't been able to find a decent place yet. I honestly didn't think it would be so hard," Brooke said with a slight laugh. "I just don't want to settle for a place or roommate I don't really like." 

"I know what you mean, the last thing you want is someone you don't get along with, or someone who is a total slob," Kelly answered. 

She asked Brooke about her new job and where she was from. Brooke told her she had just graduated business school and got a job at a big investment firm downtown. She also learned that Brooke was from a smaller town and was glad to be able to move to a place that was warm and sunny for more than a few months a year. As they talked, Kelly couldn't keep the smile off her face. There was just something about this girl that drew her in. She even found herself lost for words a few times as she stared into Brooke's sparkling blue eyes. 

***

"Earth to Kelly," Brooke said with a giggle. 

She had just asked Kelly where she worked and Kelly was looking at her with an odd expression on her face. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I was day dreaming there," Kelly responded laughing at herself. "I work at an art gallery downtown," she answered. 

Brooke was about to say something when Kelly cut her off. "You know, I just remembered that there is a unit in my building for rent right now. It might not be what you're looking for but it has a great view and it's in a great area."

Brooke couldn't contain her excitement and responded, "That is the best lead I've had all week! Do you have a number I could call for an appointment?" she asked, very anxious to go over and check the place out. 

"Why don't we just exchange numbers and you can come by later on today?" Kelly asked. 

"Kelly that would be great, you're a life saver," Brooke answered with an ear to ear smile. 

They exchanged numbers and Kelly told Brooke she would call her later to come by. As they both stood to get up, Brooke noticed Kelly was about the same height as her at about 5'6.

"Kelly, thank you so much, I really owe you," Brooke said with genuine gratitude. 

Brooke could feel Kelly staring at her body as she stood up. She was wearing very short shorts and a tank top and while she knew she had a nice body, thanks to her regular workout routine, she couldn't help but feel self conscious compared to Kelly. She suddenly noticed Kelly's nipples poking through her tank top and she blushed and tried to look away. 

"Don't thank me yet, you haven't seen the place," Kelly winked. 

Brooke smiled and then Kelly leaned in and hugged her. Brooke was suddenly very aware of her body as she felt Kelly's breasts touch hers. She could feel the blonde's hard nipple poking into her and she shivered at the contact. Kelly's skin felt incredibly smooth and soft and Brooke felt her pussy swell. She really didn't want to let go. This is ridiculous; she thought to herself. You're not attracted to women. But as she left she couldn't help but smile at the thought of seeing Kelly again.

***

Kelly finally got back to her condo around 6pm after running errands all day and hitting the gym. She hadn't been able to get Brooke off her mind since she met the gorgeous brunette at the coffee shop. At 24, Kelly had been in a few serious relationships with men and while she loved the feeling of hard muscles and a nice big cock, she often found herself thinking back to the one time she had been with a woman. 

It had been a short, but very intense relationship. Kelly had loved the feeling of a woman's smooth skin against hers and the softness of their lips. While she hadn't met any woman since then who had evoked those kinds of feelings in her, Kelly knew that she was drawn to Brooke the second she had looked into those pretty blue eyes.

Her thoughts drifted back to Brooke's long legs and her smooth tan skin in her tiny shorts and Kelly could feel herself getting wet. She went to the bathroom and stripped off her workout clothes and got in the shower. The hot water felt so good against her skin and she moaned at the contact. She soaped up her body and her mind again drifted back to Brooke. She imagined it was Brooke's hands rubbing the soap over her body as her hands went to her breasts, rubbing them and pinching her very hard nipples. 

Her hand drifted down to her bare pussy and she wasn't surprised to find that it was soaked. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned as she stroked her slit and slowly inserted her finger into her dripping hole. 

Her last relationship had ended a few months ago and she hadn't had sex since. She was incredibly horny and easily slid a second finger into her pussy and started pumping them in and out. 

"Mmmmm!!" she gasped and as she pictured Brooke's naked body her pussy immediately started contracting around her fingers. Her orgasm lasted for at least another minute and she smiled to herself as she slowly caught her breath.

She finished her shower, had a quick dinner and called Brooke to come over and check out the building. Brooke said she could make it over in an hour and Kelly decided to go onto her balcony and paint while she waited. She had always loved to paint and hoped one day to open her own gallery. 

***

Brooke was so excited after she hung up with Kelly. She had been thinking about the pretty blonde all day and the thought of seeing her again gave her butterflies. She had no idea why she was reacting like this to another woman; she had only ever been attracted to guys. 

She was smiling the entire drive over to Kelly's but as she pulled up to the address she had written down, her stomach dropped. This can't be right, she thought. But as she double checked the address it was. 

The building she was looking at looked brand new and right out of a house and homes magazine. It was a small yet stunning building, right on the ocean. There is no way I can afford something like this she thought, feeling extremely disappointed. While she felt like just driving away and not wanting to embarrass herself in front of Kelly, she knew it would be rude not to at least go inside and look around. 

Kelly's unit was on the top floor and she took a deep breath and knocked on the door. As soon as Kelly answered Brooke's breath caught in her chest. Kelly was wearing a tiny pair of shorts and a very tight tank top which displayed some of her toned stomach. It also hugged her chest tightly and showed off her large breasts, which Brooke guessed, were a very firm C cup. She quickly averted her eyes up to Kelly's face and was thankful she was still wearing her sunglasses. 

"Hey Brooke, come in. Did you find the place ok?" Kelly asked as she stepped aside and ushered Brooke in. 

"Ya, I did, it--- oh my god," Brooke gasped as she stepped in the door. "Kelly this place is amazing!" Brooke beamed. The condo was huge and had floor to ceiling windows that provided the most amazing view of the ocean. 

"Thanks," Kelly responded, amused at the look on Brooke's face. "My parents bought it for me when I moved out here two years ago. I didn't want anything this big but they insisted since the building is newer and in a safe neighbourhood. I promised them I would pay them back once I start selling my paintings." 

"You paint?" Brooke asked as she turned to look at Kelly. 

"I try to anyways," Kelly replied modestly. 

Brooke looked around and saw a painting on the wall in the living room. It was a black and white painting of flowers with a single flower painted a vibrant purple that stood out. It was stunning. 

"Is this yours?" Brooke asked. 

"Yes, that was my first painting, I felt I should keep it and not sell it," Kelly answered. 

"Wow, you're very talented, you'll definitely have no problem selling your stuff once you get it out there," Brooke replied. And she had no doubt that was true. 

Kelly smiled at her and Brooke felt the butterflies in her stomach again. God, she's so pretty when she smiles, Brooke thought to herself as she smiled back. 

"So", Kelly said, "Do you want to go check out that unit? It's down one floor." 

Suddenly Brooke's smile fell and Kelly asked her what was wrong. 

"I really appreciate you taking the time to show it to me Kelly, but to be honest, there is just no way I can afford something like this. I'm sorry to of wasted your time," Brooke said as she started to head towards the door. 

Kelly mentally kicked herself for not thinking of that earlier. Not everyone had parents who could afford to buy their daughter a new condo on the beach. Suddenly she had an idea.

"Brooke wait....," Kelly reached out and grabbed Brooke's hand as she walked by. Her skin was so soft and as she turned around Kelly looked into Brooke's blue eyes and for a second she forgot what she was going to say. 

"Yes?" Brooke asked as her eyes glazed over with tears. 

Kelly felt her heart tighten at the sight and said, "Why don't you move in with me?"

Brooke just stared at her for a moment before she said, "Move in with you? Here?" 

Kelly laughed, "Of course here. There are two bedrooms, plus it's always been too big for just me and I would really love having you around. I've always wanted a roommate. Come on, we'll have so much fun!" 

Brooke was stunned. The thought of living with Kelly was almost too good to be true. While the condo was stunning, what really made her excited was the thought of seeing Kelly everyday. 

"Are you sure, I mean we just met?" she asked warily. 

"I'm very sure," Kelly replied. "I know we just met but I feel like we'll get along great, plus I feel so comfortable around you already." 

Brooke broke out into a huge smile and said "OK! Let's do it!" 

Kelly grinned at her and moved in for a hug. The hug was very intimate as their bodies slid tightly against each other. As soon as Kelly felt Brooke's breasts touch hers she felt her nipples harden. God, she thought, this girl is going to drive me crazy with lust. 

***

It was warm and sunny as Brooke finished her run. She was in a great mood, the weather was perfect, it was Friday and she would be seeing Kelly soon. It had been 2 weeks since she had moved in with Kelly and things were going great. Kelly was the perfect roommate and Brooke loved seeing her everyday. 

"God I love Friday's," Brooke said to herself as she walked into the condo. It was just after 6pm and she planned on doing absolutely nothing all night. Work had been extremely busy all week and she was looking forward to just relaxing. 

Kelly was probably just finishing up at the gym and Brooke wondered if she had plans that night. She jumped in the shower and as usual her thoughts drifted to Kelly as she lathered her body. 

She was extremely confused by her attraction to another woman. Although Kelly was gorgeous and had a great body, there was something else about her that drew Brooke in. Not sure what it all meant, Brooke had ultimately decided to stop analyzing and questioning her feelings and just go with it. 

She thought back to the other night when Kelly had asked to her help pick out an outfit for an art show she had at work. Brooke had walked into her room only to see Kelly standing at her closet in a bra and thong. Her long blonde hair fell past her shoulders and curled slightly at the ends. Her makeup was flawless and Brooke had thought she looked like something out of a fantasy. 

As Brooke soaped up her breasts, feeling that familiar tingle in her pussy, she remembered how incredible Kelly's tits looked in her black lace push up bra and how badly she had wanted to take it off and see what her nipples looked like. Brooke held herself to one orgasm during her shower and quickly got out. She dressed in some shorts and a tank top and heard Kelly come in before she started drying her hair. 

Kelly popped her head in Brooke's room and asked, "Hey sweetie, how was work?" 

"Oh you know same old. I'm just glad it's Friday!" Brooke replied with a smile. She could see Kelly's hard nipples through her workout top and licked her lips. 

"I'm just gonna hop in the shower," Kelly said and started to walk away. 

"Kel," Brooke said as she walked to the door. "I was thinking maybe we could have a girl's night in? Maybe open some wine and watch movies?" she asked with a smile. 

"That sounds perfect Brooke! I could use a night in," Kelly answered grinning. 

They ate dinner and chatted, still getting to know one another. On her second glass of wine, Kelly could feel a nice buzz start to kick in. As Brooke was telling her a story about something that happened at work, she found her gaze drifting to Brooke's chest and she was imagining what her nipples tasted like. When Brooke's story ended, she snapped out of her daze and laughed along with Brooke, not really knowing what she had said. 

They cleaned up and headed to the couch to watch a movie. Kelly picked a romantic comedy to keep the mood light and after dimming the lights made sure to sit right next to Brooke. She had wanted to make a move on Brooke ever since she first moved in but she didn't want to ruin their friendship. She didn't think Brooke had ever been with a woman and wanted to tread lightly. She figured she would at least try and if Brooke rejected her, she would apologize and hope they could still be friends. She was thankful that the wine was giving her some liquid courage. 

Brooke was all too aware of Kelly's bare leg touching hers as they watched the movie. Her skin felt so good against hers that she didn't want to move away. Kelly moved to put her wine on the side table leaning across Brooke. Her arm grazed over Brooke's breasts and Brooke's nipples immediately hardened at the contact and she involuntarily gasped. 

Kelly looked over at her and noticing her nipples poking through her tank top asked, "Are you cold Brooke?" 

"Ya, I suddenly got a chill," Brooke answered, hoping Kelly believed her. 

Kelly offered to share the afghan and as she got up, Brooke found herself staring at the blonde's long legs and perfect ass. She couldn't see any panty lines and wondered if Kelly was wearing anything under her shorts at all. The thought made her shiver even more. 

"Here babe, you've got Goosebumps," Kelly said, as she sat back down and pulled the afghan over both of them. 

"Thanks," Brooke whispered. 

Kelly had moved even closer to Brooke and as they turned to look at each other their faces were so close Brooke could feel Kelly's breath on her. 

"You're welcome," Kelly answered as she stared into Brooke's eyes. 

"God Brooke," Kelly sighed. "You're so pretty." 

Brooke smiled and licked her lips nervously. Kelly's gaze automatically shifted to Brooke's lips as she watched the brunettes pink tongue. 

"I just love your lips," and she brought her hand up and traced her thumb along Brooke's luscious bottom lip. 

Brooke closed her eyes and held her breath. She was feeling really buzzed from the wine and she was getting incredibly horny being this close to Kelly. She felt Kelly shift closer and then she felt soft, warm lips cover her own. She just about melted right there. Kelly's lips were so supple and warm and Brooke couldn't help but moan at the contact. 

Kelly was unsure if Brooke was going to pull away or not, but hearing Brooke moan gave Kelly all the encouragement she needed. She tilted her head slightly and opened her mouth a bit. Brooke didn't pull away so Kelly slowly started licking Brooke's lips back and forth waiting for her to accept her tongue. When Brooke finally opened her mouth Kelly's tongue invaded her mouth and they both moaned. Kelly couldn't believe how good Brooke tasted. She turned her head to the side, placed her hand on the back of Brooke's neck and gently pulled the brunette's head closer. When she pulled her tongue back and Brooke's followed, her pussy started to throb. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned into Brooke's mouth. 

Brooke was in heaven. Kelly's tongue was heavenly and every time their tongues touched she felt a jolt shoot directly to her pussy. She had never experienced a kiss like this and she didn't want it to end. When she felt Kelly pull her head closer she thought she would cum right there. 

She stroked Kelly's arm and marvelled at how soft her skin felt. She brought her hand up to Kelly's neck and ran her fingers through her soft blonde hair. She felt Kelly's hand move slowly down her neck to her collarbone and she was instantly jolted out of her trance. 

She pulled away suddenly and was breathing rather hard. Kelly looked at her and Brooke could see the lust in her eyes and the flush on her cheeks. What am I doing? Brooke asked herself.....This isn't right, and she immediately started to panic. 

"Kelly, I'm sorry. I... we shouldn't have done that," Brooke said and she stood up and rushed away to her room. 
