 Hello and welcome to my readers. I appreciate your votes, comments and feedback on my previous submittals. It is always a pleasure to hear from you. Thanks to my editor Rogue Lurker for her invaluable assistance in the preparation of this story. 

_________________________

"Attention, everyone, attention. One more selection and rehearsal is over for today. This will be the closing number, 'Moonlight Serenade'. One, two…" 

Preston Barstow's stentorian voice echoed through the empty ballroom as the Waterside Swing Band moved easily into the familiar melody of the Glenn Miller signature tune. Kelly Johnson loved the gentle swing refrain; it always brought tears to her eyes. Lately, it made her think of romance in the moonlight; something that had been missing in her life since her sometime boyfriend had gone home after graduation. In fact, all of her college friends had gone home after graduation, scattering to the four winds from the campus of Clear Lake City College.

Kelly had decided to remain in the city instead of going home. She was determined to make it on her own and not depend on her parents for support. I'm twenty-two years old and I can make my own decisions, she thought. With her degree in Music, she considered teaching or possibly trying out for the City Symphony Orchestra. Her major was in the Classical Guitar and she was at the top of her class at graduation. Her professors said she had great potential, but needed more training.

First, she needed money. After answering an advertisement in the paper and a successful audition, she was playing her guitar in the rhythm section of a swing band. The band was the featured attraction in the Waterside Pavilion for the entire summer. As her fingers strummed the chords, Kelly looked about her at her fellow band members. Almost all of them were men in their fifties and sixties, older than she was, but not old enough to have been there when the song made its debut in the late 1930's. They were a fascinating group and had 'adopted' Kelly when she joined the band. 

Once rehearsal was over, Kelly was on the move, she had to catch her bus. Saying goodbye to her friends, she placed her guitar in its case, gathered up her music and ran for the entrance. She also wanted to avoid Mr. Barstow, the bandleader. Since he had hired her, his demeanor had changed from friendly to vaguely predatory. He was the only person in the band she did not like. He was always putting his arm around her, calling her 'his little girl'. It made her flesh crawl. In her haste to leave, Kelly collided with someone coming in the door. She fell back, dropping her guitar. "Oh my, are you okay, sugar?" said a woman's voice in a gentle southern drawl.

Kelly looked up at one of the prettiest women she had ever seen. There was a look of genuine concern in her big brown eyes as she helped Kelly to her feet. Her chestnut hair hung to her slim waist, flowing over a blue tube top barely restraining her large, firm breasts. Her long, shapely legs were bare and her round ass filled out her tight white shorts to perfection. Kelly was captivated by the woman's heart shaped face, full lips and long eyelashes, not to mention those eyes. Getting to her feet, she suddenly felt frumpy and inadequate in her t-shirt and jeans. "Is your git-tar okay, darlin'?" the woman was asking, lifting the case and handing it to the staring Kelly. "Ya'll better check it and see."

Kelly placed the case on the floor and opened it. Her guitar wasn't damaged. She looked up at the vision before her and shivered. Although Ted had been her boyfriend in senior year, she had secretly desired her dorm mate's friend Sarah. They had a few tentative embraces and kisses at parties, but were afraid of what their friends would think, so they went no further. Gazing into this woman's lovely brown eyes, Kelly could feel the stirrings begin anew. "I... I think it's okay," she replied, running her fingers over the instrument. "It's pretty well cushioned in its case. I'm sorry I ran into you. I wasn't looking where I was going."

"It's my fault, sugar," the woman replied, "I'm always bustlin' about, getting in folks way. I'm SandyLou Crawford. Call me Sandy or Lou, whatever suits ya'. What's your name, little lady?"

"Kelly, Kelly Johnson. It's a pleasure to meet you." Kelly grasped the woman's extended hand and felt a tingle pass through her body. She saw SandyLou's eyes widen and knew she felt it as well. Kelly's face broke into a smile and SandyLou grinned back at her, brown eyes flashing. Both women stood staring at each other before Kelly asked, "Are you a member of the band? I haven't seen you before."

"I start tomorrow", SandyLou said happily, "I'm your band's new vocalist." Kelly was thrilled. Marion Peck, their previous vocalist, had decided to do a summer stock musical and left abruptly, sending Mr. Barstow into one of his famous rages. "Is Preston Barstow around?" SandyLou asked, "I wanted to let him know I was in town and ask him if he knew where I could stay until I found an apartment."

"You can stay at my place," Kelly blurted. "My roommates moved out and I've plenty of room." She was surprised at her impulsiveness. This woman was a total stranger and she was inviting her in her home. It's better that she stays with me than letting that letch Barstow get a hold of her... 

"Well, that's mighty neighborly of you, Miss Johnson," SandyLou said with a smile. "Ya'll have a car? I'm parked over there." She pointed at a red Honda Civic coupe crammed with suitcases and boxes.

"I rode the bus," Kelly replied. "Will you have room for me?"

"We'll make room," Sandy replied. "If we have to, we'll throw some of this crap in the dumpster. Don't know why I brought so much stuff anyhow."

Kelly was able to wiggle into the passenger's seat, her guitar in her lap. The scent of Sandy's orange blossom perfume filled the coupe's interior. Kelly leaned as close to her as she dared, their bare arms rubbing together as Sandy shifted gears and turned the steering wheel. Sandy seemed to be enjoying the contact as well, leaning against Kelly with a broad grin on her face.

***

They parked at Kelly's building and carried Sandy's belongings inside. Kelly was embarrassed at the appearance of her sparsely furnished and decorated apartment, but Sandy said it looked 'right pretty' and thanked her for letting her stay. Kelly showed Sandy the spare bedroom and the futon she could sleep on. Sandy insisted on buying Kelly dinner, so they walked the half block to Angelo's Pizzeria and shared a pizza and a pitcher of beer. 

In no time, they were chatting like old friends and enjoying each other's company despite the difference in their ages. As Sandy put it, she hailed from a little town in Alabama that no one had ever heard of and she was in no hurry to return. Sandy had heard about the vocalist job opening from a friend of a friend who lived in the city and knew Sandy might be interested. When Preston offered to hire her after she sang for him over the phone, she loaded her car and hit the road.

Kelly told Sandy about her hometown, her college experience and her desire to make it on her own in the big city. Sandy congratulated her on her willingness to make a life for herself, saying she wished she had left her birthplace sooner than she had. Now she was gone and glad of it.

Kelly and Sandy were pleasantly surprised to learn that they both had their first exposure to swing music while visiting elderly relatives after school or in the summer. Both Kelly's uncle and Sandy's grandfather had large collections of 78-rpm records of the big bands that they played on old phonographs. For some reason the music spoke to them on a deeper level, and they enjoyed singing and dancing to the clever lyrics and upbeat rhythms. 

Finishing their dinner, the women walked back to Kelly's apartment, laughing and singing swing tunes. Sandy had a beautiful voice and Kelly could understand why Mr. Barstow hired her. Sandy said she needed a shower after her long drive, so Kelly showed her where the soap, shampoo and towels were.

She was tempted to peek in the bathroom to see Sandy in the shower, but decided that would be rude. She liked Sandy and did not want to disrupt their blossoming friendship. When Sandy walked into the living room, Kelly thought her heart would stop beating. Her voluptuous figure barely concealed in a pink baby doll nightgown with tiny matching panties, Sandy sat on the couch next to Kelly and said, "What do you do for fun around here?"

Kelly jumped from the couch, stammering that she needed a shower too; the remote was on the TV and she would be back in a while. Sandy grinned to herself as she watched Kelly practically run into the bathroom. 

Kelly stood trembling in the shower, resisting the urge to rub her clit. Sandy was awakening the feelings she once had for Sarah. Kelly was still hesitant, undecided if the feelings were mutual. We've just met, but she excites me. I'll just put on something sexy and we'll see what happens… 

She slipped on a sheer white peignoir and a lacy thong. Running a comb through her shoulder length hair, she strolled into the living room, ready for whatever might happen. She sat down next to her guest and smiled. "Would you like to watch some TV?" she asked. Sandy nodded, and smiled back. Dimming the lights, they settled back on the couch.

Three hours passed as they channel-surfed, giggling and making caustic comments about the programs. They became more relaxed, sliding closer on the couch, touching each other to make a point or emphasize a remark.

Sandy rose from the couch and stretched, her nightgown pulled tight over her breasts. "It's been a long day, I think I'll turn in," she said, stifling a yawn. She and Kelly had been casually flirting, but she was uncertain if her new roommate wanted to make love. 

Kelly was also unsure as to what Sandy was thinking. She was so cute and sexy. Kelly wanted to kiss her, but did not want to rush things with her new friend. She rose from the couch to close the curtains on the balcony doors. Sandy's heart skipped a beat as the moonlight silhouetted Kelly's figure through her sheer nightgown. A familiar lyric crossed Sandy's mind. She began to sing softly:

"I stand at your gate.

And the song that I sing is of moonlight."

Kelly turned at the sound of Sandy's voice. She knew the lyrics, but no one had ever sung them to her.

"I stand and I wait.

For a touch of your hand in a June night."

Brown eyes gazed into green and saw the desire waiting there.

"The roses, a sign of, a moonlight serenade."

Kelly trembled as Sandy walked slowly toward her, crooning the love song.

"The stars are aglow.

And tonight, how their light, set me dreaming."

Sandy held Kelly's hands in hers.

"My love, do you know

That your eyes are like stars brightly beaming."

Kelly melted into Sandy's arms.

"I bring you, and I sing you, a moonlight serenade."

Kelly and Sandy kissed softly, their tongues teasing through their open lips. Kelly sighed as Sandy's hand lightly squeezed her breast, rubbing the hard nipple between her fingers. Kelly pressed her mouth against Sandy's, their kisses becoming more passionate as their desire increased. Gently lifting Sandy's breast in her hand, Kelly's thumb flicked the stiff nipple as Sandy nibbled and sucked on her neck. Rubbing her flat belly against Sandy's, they swayed together in a sinuous dance of lust, kissing and caressing, tongues swirling in each other's mouths. Sandy's tongue licked along Kelly's jaw, down her neck and into the hollow of her throat as she mewed in pleasure. 

Sandy's fingers danced down Kelly's back lingered on her round ass and slipped between her legs. She moaned as Sandy's fingers brushed her shaven mound and slid inside her wet lips. Kissing hungrily, Kelly's hand sought Sandy's furry pussy, her fingers teasingly entering the silken folds. Whimpering and sighing, they continued to kiss and finger each other, hips surging against probing fingers. Breaking their embrace, they flung off their flimsy sleepwear as the desire to have their skin touching became overwhelming.

Sandy took Kelly's hands in hers, moved back and lay on the couch. Opening her legs, she pulled Kelly on top, rubbing their pussies together. Kelly crushed her mouth against Sandy's, their tongues writhing. Sandy moaned as Kelly's hard nipples rubbed against her own stiff nubs. Kelly rubbed her bare pussy against Sandy's, moaning as their erect clits made thrilling contact. Sandy wrapped her legs around Kelly's ass, humping frantically. Kelly pressed her throbbing clit against Sandy's, their wet pussy lips sliding back and forth as the first ripples of her orgasm shot through her body.

Sandy fucked against Kelly with all her might, wishing that she had unpacked her double dildo, already anticipating their next coupling. Kelly moved eagerly against Sandy. She was so close and she could feel Sandy's body quivering as she reached her climax. "Ohhh," she moaned, grinding her pussy against her lover. "Cum with me pleeease…"

"Ahhhh, fuck me baby," Sandy screamed, their sweat-covered bodies writhing on the couch. "Fuck meee. Ooohhhh…"

Sandy and Kelly squirmed and twisted as their orgasms ripped through them. Gripping each other tightly, they drenched their pussies in their mingled cum, love juices pouring down their thighs and pooling on the cushions. They finally slumped on the couch, panting for breath.

Kelly sat up and looked lovingly at Sandy, their bodies quivering. Sandy gazed with hooded eyes at her young lover, lust coursing through her, already wanting her tight body again. Kelly's desires for Sandy were also far from satisfied. She slid between Sandy's legs, licked her inner thighs and began sucking on her pussy. Sandy moaned and gripped Kelly's head in her hands, drawing it to her juicy cunt, wanting to feel her warm tongue.

Kelly didn't disappoint her, plunging her silky muscle deep into Sandy's pussy, moving it back and forth like a little cock. Then she licked and nibbled Sandy's clit, the sweet sensations driving her partner wild. Sandy thrust her hot slit repeatedly against Kelly's face. "Yeesss," she screamed in her pleasure, "Eat me … eat meeee…" After two exquisite orgasms, she pushed Kelly's face from her pussy, crying "No more, please …"

Kelly straddled Sandy's body and clung to her as she calmed. She squealed in delight as Sandy rolled her on her back and she felt her lover's fingers slide into her wet pussy. Kelly's back arched as Sandy worked her fingers in and out, stimulating the sensitive flesh. Sandy's hot mouth engulfed one breast, then the other, biting on her nipples, sending shocks of pleasure through her body. Sandy pumped three fingers in Kelly's pussy, wiggling them against the soft walls. Kelly's back arched as her climax rose within her, the sensations driving her wild.

Sandy's eager mouth suddenly replaced her thrusting fingers pleasuring Kelly's pussy as she sucked on the soft inner lips. Her finger teasingly entered Kelly's asshole as Sandy's mouth fastened on her clit, sucking it between her teeth, growling softly. Kelly exploded into Sandy's face, pouring out wave after wave of juicy cum. "Ahhhh… fuck me… ooohhhh…" she screamed as her pleasure centers overloaded and she slipped into darkness. When she awoke, Sandy was washing her face with a wet cloth, singing softly as she worked. "Well, look who finally woke up," she said with a smile.

Kelly sat up and embraced her new companion, kissing her. "Sandy, that was wonderful," she said happily. 

"You're quite a little fireball yourself," Sandy grinned, returning Kelly's kiss with equal enthusiasm. 

Kelly smiled and snuggled against her as they lay on the couch. The contact of their warm skin was so soothing they quickly fell asleep, pleasantly tired from their lovemaking.

***

Kelly was having a wonderful dream; a tongue was licking her clit while fingers were moving in her pussy. Her eyes fluttered open and she saw Sandy's head between her legs, her brown hair shimmering in the morning sun. Kelly uttered a throaty moan and spurted cum on her lover's face, Sandy licking up every delicious drop. "What a glorious way to wake up," Kelly sighed, "I wish we could wake up like this every morning."

Sandy grinned at her, licking pussy juice from her lips. "I'll see what can be done about that my angel, but first…" She lay back and pulled her legs to her chest as Kelly buried her face in the warm folds of Sandy's pussy, quickly eating her to a shuddering orgasm as Sandy squealed in pleasure.

***

Kelly and Sandy prepared a quick breakfast, excited to begin their first day together. They decided to do a little window-shopping and have lunch at the mall. Kelly gave directions as Sandy maneuvered through the city traffic. She maintained a steady stream of information about her adopted hometown, pointing out the various landmarks to an amused Sandy. Her younger partner's enthusiasm was captivating and Sandy was enjoying being with her more every minute.

"…and that's where I bought my guitar," Kelly said as they passed a mansion on the edge of town. She explained that it was the former home of the farm machinery millionaire Cyrus Funston. He had died last year and his family had sold most of his belongings, wanting the money as soon as possible. Funston was an obsessive collector of all things pertaining to the arts, from original movie costumes to obscure musical instruments.

Kelly had attended the tag sale the family had conducted at the mansion and bought her instrument for a low price, sight unseen. She was amazed when she opened the scruffy case and found a magnificent guitar inside. She decided to return it, thinking there had been a mistake. By the time she arrived at the mansion, the gates had closed. Kelly considered it a stroke of good fortune and returned home, the guitar was hers.

***

Kelly and Sandy left a trail of staring men and irritated women as they strolled through the mall, oblivious to everything but their window-shopping and each other. They had dressed for the summer's heat in brief shorts and crop tops, leaving little to anyone's imagination. Their sandal clad feet clacked on the mall's tile floors as they wandered from one store to the other, discussing the latest fashions and enjoying each other's company.

Stopping in the food court for lunch, they lingered over their salads and bottled water, watching the people passing by and politely rejecting the overtures of the men that approached their table. They only had eyes for each other, exchanging gentle touches and caresses as they browsed in the stores. As the day progressed, their passions rose and their desires increased.

"Kelly, darlin'," Sandy whispered in her ear as they riffled through a rack of dresses in a mall kiosk, "Let's find a Lady's Room with a lock on the door."

Hurrying into a trendy boutique, Sandy asked to use the 'facilities' in an exaggerated drawl, evoking a smile from the sales clerk. They hurried to the rear of the store, shivering with anticipation. Unlocking the door, they found themselves in a decorated room, complete with a love seat and a large chair. Tall silk screens cleverly concealed the sinks and toilets, giving the bathroom the appearance of a parlor.

The subtleties of decorating were lost on Sandy and Kelly as they locked the door and stripped off their shorts and tops. Already excited that they were in public without underwear, they embraced and kissed hungrily. 

Sandy pushed Kelly into the large chair as Kelly spread her legs and dangled them over the arms, opening herself to her lover. Sandy knelt down and licked Kelly's wet pussy, drawing her flat tongue from Kelly's clit to her asshole. Kelly moaned as her lover's tongue burrowed into her pink valley, slurping noisily as she drank the flow of warm fluids filling her mouth. Sandy reached for Kelly's firm breasts, pinching and rolling the nipples between her fingers, squeezing the firm globes. Kelly clutched the chair arms as her lover ate her pussy, each pinch on her nipples enlarging her throbbing clit. "Oh Sandy…" she moaned. "Eat me… make me cum… ahhhhhh…" Sandy sucked on Kelly's aching clit, laving it with her tongue as she thrust three fingers in Kelly's pussy. Kelly shoved her fist in her mouth to stifle a scream as she erupted in Sandy's face, spraying cum in her mouth. Sandy gulped and swallowed her lover's juices as Kelly's orgasm subsided and she sat gasping.
