 I thought I'd dip my toe into the girl-on-girl pool. Not a scene I venture into too often, not since I'm male and capturing the essence of Sapphic love isn't the easiest.

Still, here it is, a scene of seduction where Kelsey is somewhat reluctant at first...

Feedback would be appreciated. I hope you enjoy the following.

Thank you for reading.

GA - Da Nang, Vietnam - 19th of February 2015.

*****

Anticipation

Kelsey looks up from the depths of the sofa. She chews her bottom lip, uncertain, wondering why she ever agreed to it in the first place.

"Wine, Kelsey?" asks Carla as she settles alongside her guest. Smiling, the Englishwoman adds, "You're still not comfortable being here, are you?" She rests a reassuring hand on Kelsey's knee. "Don't worry about my husband being Jim's boss. None of that concerns me. I invited you to stay because I like you. Don't stand on ceremony. I'd like us to be friends." She waves a hand in an airy gesture Kelsey thinks is typically English: elegant, refined. "Those silly men and their hobbies," Carla scoffs. "You'd think they'd grow out of engines and cars."

A few seconds pass while Kelsey digests it's all, then she closes her eyes and sighs, deciding Carla is right. Holding up a hand the palm toward her host Kelsey drawls, "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be this way." Her eyes open and she fixes her doe-eyed gaze on Carla's face. "But it is kind of intimidating."

Desire uncurls inside Carla when she sees Kelsey's face twisted with concern. It's all she can do not to lunge in for a kiss. God, those Cupid-bow lips...

She's divine. So bloody perfect...

Carla chuckles and squeezes Kelsey's knee before she eases back into the sumptuous embrace of her sofa. "Of course, Kelsey," she purrs. "I understand completely." Carla crosses her legs and rests an elbow against the settee's arm, a forefinger held to one cheek while appraising the attractive woman next to her. "I don't involve myself in Harold's business. I'm not interested in the machinations and the politics. As far as I'm concerned we're just two rally widows who could be friends. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable. I want you to feel at home. You need a friend in this country ... How long is it you've been here?"

Kelsey pulls a face. "Okay. I'll try to relax." She sighs again while looking around at the opulence of Carla's home. "I'm sorry, Carla," she murmurs. "I guess I'm still getting used to everything. It's all so strange ... y'know? I've only been in England six weeks..."

A corner of Carla's mouth lifts. She pouts, nodding slowly. "Well, in that case I think I should take you under my wing. Never mind about the boys and their work..." Carla waves her hand again to show a complete lack of concern for her husband's status. "They've gone off and left us for the whole weekend, after all." Her eyes roll as she shakes her head in disdain. "I don't mean to be awful, darling," Carla says, eyes locked on Kelsey's face, "and I don't want to criticise - but your Jim has been selfish enough to lumber you with my company for the whole weekend..."

A gay laugh tinkles from Carla while she pauses.

"So I'll make it my mission to take care of you - at least until you find your feet."

Kelsey blinks quickly several times, seemingly close to tears. "Thank you, Carla," she breathes. "I really do appreciate it."

Carla beams a prefect smile in a show of faultless dentistry before she levers forward, uncrossing her legs. In a brisk tone she says, "How about that wine, dear? It'll help you relax."

Kelsey nods and shrugs. "Yeah. Sure. Why not?"

"That's the ticket," Carla says, nodding quickly. "Tell you what," she adds, as though the idea has just occurred to her. "Why don't you go and have that bath you mentioned earlier? That might be a help, too. There's a tub in your ensuite, you know. You go and start it and I'll bring your wine up in a bit." Carla stands as though the suggestion is fait accompli, then finishes with, "Red or white wine, Kelsey?"

"Oh," Kelsey responds, somewhat taken aback at being organised so efficiently. "Red please, Carla."

The older woman's bottom lip curls juts out while she considers options. "Will a Rioja do, darling?"

Kelsey lifts one shoulder in a half shrug. "Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Carla."

"I'll bring it up," Carla promptly replies.

She watches Kelsey stand up, her attention focussed on the American's legs and swaying hips as Kelsey leaves the room. Carla's nostrils flare when yearning yaws in the pit of her stomach. "Dear God," she murmurs with Kelsey well out of range. "You're just so fucking exquisite."

Sighing, expression vacant for a few seconds, Carla indulges in a little fantasy. She allows herself a minute or two of lewd imagining and then rouses herself, walking to the kitchen to select a bottle from the myriad available in the rack.

Carla uncorks the bottle and places it down on the pristine counter, leaving it standing while she returns to the living room to retrieve her mobile phone. Confident Kelsey is drawing a bath she returns to the kitchen and opens the big French windows, stepping outside into the benign evening air.

"It's me," Carla says after moving deep into the garden. "She's running a bath. I'm going to take wine up to her soon."

Carla pauses and listens, a smirk lifting the corners of her mouth.

"She's bloody lovely," she breathes, eyes closing in appreciation. "I mean she's absolutely gorgeous. Talk about fit!" Carla exclaims. "She told me she's into yoga - and I'm telling you, she looks stunning on it. Forty years old, but what a figure! I'm so bloody jealous.

"Of course," Carla sneers, "her boobs aren't real; she's had them pumped up a couple of notches - but even so..." She fans herself with her fingers for effect despite there being no one present to see. "I'm going to ply her with wine and see what happens," Carla continues. "Yes," she adds in response to a question down the phone. "Of course I'll call you tomorrow ... Yes I'll let you know how it goes. Wish me luck!"

Ending the call, Carla stands beneath the cherry tree and gnaws her bottom lip, anxiety a brick in her tummy as she contemplates her next move. The impulse to barge in like the proverbial bull in the china shop is near overwhelming, but Carla knows from long experience Kelsey wouldn't respond well to the brute force and ignorance method of seduction. She sucks in air and forces herself towards patience. Kelsey will take some playing if Carla has a hope of lulling her beautiful guest into bed.

"Softly-softly," whispers Carla, tapping the mobile phone against her chin while deep in thought. She sucks in another deep breath in an effort to soothe her snarling libido and slow her heart. She waits for a further half-a-minute or so before moving slowly towards the open doors and into the house.

In the kitchen she pours wine into two glasses: Rioja for Kelsey and chilled Sauvignon Blanc for herself.

"To us," Carla murmurs, holding both wine goblets up. She slowly brings them together until the bowls kiss. "The rally widows," she toasts. "Cheers." Then Carla sips and smirks and raises her eyes to the ceiling, lewd images of Kelsey in the bath forming in her mind.

The Bathroom

Kelsey eases back in the tub. She's an island of glistening skin among the foam, the warm water a balm while delicate bubbles pop around her. She can feel the tension draining as her muscles relax.

It isn't so bad, she decides. Carla seems nice: kind and thoughtful and at pains to make her feel welcome. Kelsey is still miffed at her husband for putting her on the spot the way he did, but she can't blame him - not really, not when his career could skyrocket with this new placement.

But she's going to make him suffer for it. Oh yes, indeed; no matter how good a friend Carla turns out to be, Jim is going to pay for his selfishness.

Kelsey drifts, slipping into the netherworld, neither asleep nor fully awake, mind floating until she becomes aware there's someone in the bathroom with her.

Kelsey's eyes snap open. "Oh," she blurts, startled, water splashing when she sees Carla standing next to the tub. "I didn't hear you come in."

Carla's head cants to one side while she surreptitiously eyes Kelsey's breasts. She gulps down the moan of desire rising in her throat, lust flaring between her legs.

Carla forces her eyes to move up from those twin buoys. "I couldn't knock," she says, holding up two glasses. "Sorry, had my hands full."

"No problem," Kelsey says, reaching for the proffered glass. She frowns when she notices Carla has removed her day clothes and is now covered by a loosely tied towelling robe. "Thanks," she adds, too polite to comment. Inwardly, she shrugs - maybe Carla is going to her own room to take a bath? Perhaps she's planning to shower before dressing for dinner?"

"When did you get your boobs done?" Carla asks, sipping wine. She regards Kelsey over the rim of her glass, expression enquiring.

Kelsey is unfazed. It's a question she's been asked a lot. Someone is always interested in her breasts. She gets it in the washrooms in clubs or at dinner parties after a few drinks: What size are they? How much did they cost? Did it hurt? Can I feel?

She pulls a face and replies with, "Couple of years."

Carla's lower lip juts while she nods. "I noticed them today. Impressive. Not freakishly large." She waves a forefinger over the general area of her own décolletage. "Your skin doesn't look all strained and stretched like some I've seen."

"No," Kelsey says, wine glass held daintily aloft. "I was really pleased. I went up to 34E." She grins, cheeks dimpling while her eyes slip away from Carla's face. Quietly, throat and cheeks suffused pink with embarrassment, Kelsey adds, "Jim says they're just like the real thing - only better."

Carla blurts a laugh. "Men," she says, tone mocking. She grins to take any sting out of her comment in case Kelsey bridles.

Kelsey nods and chuckles. "Yeah ... I know. They think boobs and cars are great."

Both women sip wine before Carla perches on the edge of the tub. The belt loosens as she moves and the gown gapes.

"You've got a superb figure," Carla murmurs, attention fixed on Kelsey's nipples. "I wish I was all toned like you. God, Kelsey," she sighs, "you look stunning in clothes."

Kelsey's expression shifts when her host goes on to say, "And I dare say you're even more gorgeous out of them. Are you comfortable being nude?"

Kelsey is uncertain and feeling more than a little awkward at this twist in the conversation. She doesn't know Carla at all, not really. They've only met twice before - and briefly at that. Being in the bath with her breasts exposed to a virtual stranger is borderline as far as she's concerned, and Carla in her robe with the talk decidedly intimate is a step closer to the line.

Is this kind of shit normal in England?

Again, in deference to her host, Kelsey sucks it up and replies by saying, "Uhm," she begins, shrugging. "Well ... I'm okay at the beach in a bikini, I don't have any hang-ups about my body ... Being naked is fine if I'm at home and of course I'm not worried about Jim." A brittle, embarrassed laugh comes out of her as she grimaces and rolls her eyes. "I wouldn't go out in public or anything, but ... Well, you know..."

"God," Carla responds on a sigh. "If I had your body..."

Just as Carla had hoped, Kelsey comes back with, "Hey, I don't know about that, you look amazing, Carla. I love your hair." Kelsey winces inwardly: I love your hair? God, how lame does that sound!

Carla laughs and twirls the blonde ponytail with her free hand. "Oh, this isn't my natural colour. And I think your hair is gorgeous too, Kelsey - so thick and long...

"But thank you all the same." Then Carla regards Kelsey's breasts with open admiration. "You really are stunning, Kelsey," she breathes.

The situation is getting more and more uncomfortable for the American. She's out of her depth and unsure about how to respond. After all, despite her assurances to the contrary, Carla's husband is Jim's boss. The men might have gone off for a weekend of racing cars around a countryside circuit as the best of friends, but a word in Harold's ear from Carla might cause problems.

Kelsey quaffs wine, gulping half the glass in a few quick swallows. "Thanks, Carla," she says, avoiding the other woman's eyes. "But I really don't think I'm all that special."

Undeterred, Carla goes on. "You look after yourself, don't you - with your yoga?"

Kelsey nods, grateful for a safer topic. "Every day. I work out four times a week, too. And I jog."

"The results speak for themselves." Carla drains her glass and nods towards Kelsey's. "Another drink?"

Surprised by the speed Carla drained her glass, Kelsey looks at her own. "Well, yeah," she says, tone uncertain. She doesn't usually drink much but still feels bound by politeness. "I suppose."

Carla beams at her. "Drink up!" she trills with enthusiasm.

Kelsey hesitates but then empties her glass.

"Be right back," Carla tells her, reaching to taking the goblet from Kelsey's fingers.

"Jesus," the American mutters when Carla leaves her alone. "What the hell...?"

Kelsey reclines, gasping when she feels cold porcelain against her back. Her thoughts tumble, the analysis beginning in her head. She thinks about the inappropriateness of the scene which just played out. Or at least she considers it inappropriate. It occurs to her again that the Brits might not be so inhibited. Carla is certainly forthright and Kelsey wonders if her host is a typical example or one of a kind.

"Maybe it's just you?" she murmurs to herself.

Lunging forward, Kelsey twists the hot tap. She then leans back again while warm water cascades into the bath.

"Relax," Kelsey sighs. "Take it easy. It's nothing. So what if she checked out your tits - it happens all the time."

By the time Carla returns the tap is turned off and Kelsey feels less anxious.

"Here we are," Carla trills. She hands Kelsey her wine and pretends to ignore the American woman's wide-eyed double-take, the towelling robe fully loose, the belt dangling. "You know," Carla adds, holding her own glass out to her guest. "I might just join you in there."

Kelsey takes the wine glass in an automatic response, gaping in surprise when Carla slips off the gown and lifts one leg to step into the tub. 

***

Kelsey stares, shocked into inaction. "Oh," she squeaks, gulping. "I ... You..."

Water laps at the sides of the tub as Carla eases in. "You like it hot, don't you!" she gasps, settling. "Thanks," she adds as she reaches for her wine.

"You know," Kelsey says anxiously while turning her face away from Carla's leering grin. "This tub is a little small for two of us."

Carla pouts when Kelsey makes to rise up out of the water. She sweeps the air in front of her with the glass. "Nonsense," she purrs. "There's plenty of room."

Kelsey grimaces. "Yeah, well, I still think I should get out." Carla's restraining hand on her shoulder makes her gasp.

Using gentle pressure from her fingers Carla keeps Kelsey in the water. She knows she has to go gently. The American is as skittish as a colt. If she goes for it too heavily Kelsey will bolt. A thrill of excitement ripples through Carla, not all of it sexual. There's an enormous risk in what she's doing. If she gets it wrong the personal consequences could be enormous, catastrophic in fact. Carla doubts Kelsey or her husband would make a failed seduction attempt public, Jim did have his career to think about, but Kelsey was an unknown quantity, and American at that - Carla wasn't entirely sure how to read her.

She takes the risk, desire making her reckless. "It's all right, sweetheart," Carla coos. "Relax. We're only having a bath." She sips wine and offers Kelsey a benign smile. "Have a drink, darling..."

With wary eyes set on Carla, Kelsey eases back against the porcelain. She sips wine, her stare never wavering.

Carla's big breasts rise as she breathes in, the air coming out in one long sigh. Her outward demeanour is cool and collected but inside her heart bounces around like a scared rabbit. "This is nice, don't you think?" she breathes, hoping.

Furrows of uncertainty crease Kelsey's usually flawless brow. "I'm not sure," she replies, tone matching her expression. "I don't usually..." Kelsey gulps and grimaces. "We're both naked in the tub," she hisses.

"I think it's lovely," Carla says, lips pursing in contemplation. "And it doesn't mean anything. We're just two girls relaxing. I like doing this with you, Kelsey." She shrugs one shoulder. "Being in a bath of warm water with another woman is so ... oh ... I don't know," a little laugh tinkles from her, "gentle I suppose the word is I'm looking for." Carla nods with approval. "Yes, that's what I mean." After a sip of wine, she finishes with, "What about you? Don't you think it's just so nice?"

Kelsey is still recovering and doesn't quite know what she thinks other than it's definitely weird.

The silence between them lengthens, anxiety ballooning inside Kelsey while the damn Englishwoman just keeps on staring at her tits.

"If it were a man in here with you, Kelsey," Carla begins, "I doubt you'd get much peace for long." She smirks, eyebrows arching before she sips more wine. "A man would lunge at you, with grabbing hands and no finesse." Her shoulder lifts again. "Not that I would blame him," she breathes, eyes moving over Kelsey's chest. "But they do get a little carried away with their enthusiasms. Show them breasts, especially works of art like yours..." Carla sighs and shakes her head, expression rueful.

Then the tension winds tight inside Kelsey when Carla whispers, "Do you mind if I touch them?"

When Kelsey's mouth opens Carla's immediate impression is there's going to be an outright refusal. Kelsey is going to shake her head and utter an emphatic no. But, instead, what comes out is a reedy, "Oh, uh, I'm not sure..."

The uncertainty spurs Carla to press on. "Oh, come on," she says, tone inveigling.

She's already moving, one hand reaching out.

Water laps the sides of the bath when Kelsey shrinks back, breasts disappearing below the surface. Her nostrils flare as she blinks rapidly and turns her face sideways. "Carla, really, I ... I don't know about this."

Carla ignores the upheld palm. Instead she scoops water with her free hand and cascades it over Kelsey's shoulder.

She repeats the action several times while murmuring, "Do they feel false, Kelsey? I'm impressed by their look; they're really not at all obvious. Please, sweetheart," she pouts, "can't I just have a little feel?"

Kelsey's throat works as Carla's fingers trace a feather-soft line from her shoulder to the exposed outer flank of one breast. She sucks in a quick breath when Carla's hand turns and strokes the back of her forefinger over sensitive skin. Despite her anxiety Kelsey shivers in response, the sensation not at all unpleasant.

"Oh," Kelsey moans, eyes closing. She sucks on her lower lip and lifts frightened eyes to Carla's face.

It's a struggle, but Carla resists the urge to lean in and suck at Kelsey's nipples. Slowly ... Go slowly. Don't scare her. Easy, gently ... But isn't she just the loveliest ... Oh God...

With a huge effort, Carla manages to keep the yearning out of her voice. She gently squeezes Kelsey's breasts, pouting and nodding an endorsement after cupping them both in turn. "Oh my God," she trills. "They're fantastic!"

Carla slumps back and gulps wine before grinning and deliberately breaking the tension. In a tone of enforced jocularity she says, "Worth every penny, Kelsey. I'm so envious."
