 I got to the bar promptly at eight. I waited thirty minutes and was ready to leave when I saw this absolutely stunning woman walking towards me. She looked even better than the photo she'd posted with her profile. As she came closer I could see that she was even better looking; tall, with beautiful brown skin and long black hair tied back in a pony tail. She was wearing a very conservative business suit and stockings and heels. The bartender greeted her and she kissed the him on both cheeks. She seemed to know most of the people in the place. In her profile, she'd said that she was a mix of Indonesian and French and her exotic features seemed to combine the best of both cultures. When I first saw her photo I was overcome with lust. Now she was looking right at me. It was too much! She recognized me and smiled and offered her hand. I took it. We took a booth in the back of the bar and we ordered a bottle of wine. 

"You do drink wine, don't you?" she asked

"Sure," I said.

She smiled again and then reached over and brushed something off my sweater. 

"Just a hair... maybe mine," She said.

I smiled, but I could barely make conversation. She was so beautiful. I was afraid that I was going to blow it.

The wine came and I loosened up. We went over what we'd talked about when we'd exchanged email messages over the past few weeks. She was a lawyer, She had been living with a woman for a couple of years and then she abruptly moved out a couple of months ago.

"What happened?" I asked.

"Just a stupid fight. When she moved in she was practically a stranger, just friend of a friend. But then as the months went by we became good friends...and then lovers. But then things began to go badly. It just wasn't meant to work out. We were totally different people."

"So it's totally over now?" I asked.

"Totally," she said. "She even moved out to California."

We talked about what we were looking for in a relationship. In both our profiles we had checked the box for "play." She wanted to know what I thought that meant.

I told her that it meant that I wasn't shy about being with someone. That I wasn't against having fun.

"So, you have a high sex drive?" she asked.

I blushed. "Yes, I guess I do." 

"So do I," she said. "I love sex, sometimes women have a hard time keeping up with me."

"Me too."

"Sometimes I go back to men because I just want to get fucked."

I went to put my glass on the table and nearly knocked over the bottle of wine. She caught the bottle and put it firmly in the center of the table.

"It's okay!" she said. "We can always order another."

"I'm usually not this spastic," I said.

"It's cute. I like that."

"I seem to be doing this all the time these days"

She laughed and touched my arm.

"You know, Jordan," she said. "When you responded to my message I was very excited. When I picked your ad I had no real expectations. You were my fantasy woman. You looked stunning in your photo, and you're even more beautiful in person."

I blushed. "I couldn't believe that you responded to my ad," I said. 

"And when we started emailing each other I was really excited. I felt a real connection."

"I know," I said. "I started fantasizing about what would happen when we met."

"So did I," she said. 

She took my hand and we locked fingers. She looked around to see if anyone was looking and then she kissed me on the lips.

"And that last email you sent. It was so flirty and sexy. I read it at work and I got so hot that I had to close to my office, turn out the lights and masturbate."

We kissed again and she put her hand on my leg.

"Let's go back to my place," she whispered. "It's just around the corner."

Within seconds, it seemed we had practically ran out of the bar and up the stairs to her apartment. We fell on the couch, she took her jacket off and undid the top button of her blouse. I put my face between her breasts and she moaned. She stood up and pulled me with her and grabbed the back of my head. Our tongues met and we kissed violently for several minutes. Then we kicked off our shoes and fell back on the couch. She took my sweater off and kissed my chest. I pulled her face towards mine and we kissed as I took off her shirt and skirt, revealing a her black silk bra and panties and her large, but firm chest. Then she kissed my neck and glided her tongue down my chest and unbuckled my pants. Then she looked up and pulled the band out of her hair letting her beautiful hair fall to her shoulders.

She was kneeling in front of me as pulled my pants and my panties off and then my shoes. Then she sucked my big toe.

"You like?" she asked.

I was moaning, trying to catch my breath. "Yes," I said.

We kissed again and then began kissing the inside of my thighs, moving toward my pussy, which was throbbing as if it was about to burst. She kissed it.

"You really don't know what you're in for, do you?" she said, her voice getting deep and slow.

She kissed it again. "You have a beautiful pussy," she said. "What do you want me to do to it, Jordan?"

"Lick it," I whispered. "Lick it."

She moaned and put her tongue on the tip of my clit and then taking all of it in her mouth. "Mmmm," she said.

"That feels so good," I said.

Then she moaned and twirled her tongue around the tip and I gasped. She continued to do this as she held it, slowly sucking on it and then moving her tongue around my slit and moving down on it and then coming back up. Slowly her pace picked up while she put her other hand under my ass. The feeling was incredible She slowly began sticking her finger up my asshole. Then she looked up and smiled. Then she dove for my pussy, covering it with her lips and twirling her tongue around. Then she moved down on it. She began to suck it faster and faster. I moaned, my back arching. 

"I'm going to cum," I whispered. 

She moaned and went even faster. It felt incredible. A shock went up my body, my head began to burn and my legs began to feel numb and then I felt myself cumming. I buckled beneath her and I could feel her drinking my juices. I breathed in and fell upon the couch. She got up and straddled me, taking my face in her hands and kissing me, shoving her tongue in my mouth. Then she stopped and fell off me and sat beside me leaning against me. She was panting. "We're not done yet....you know that right?" she said.

"I know," I said.

"You're going to eat me until I come and then you're going to fuck me. I want to kiss that beautiful pussy with mine."

I could barely speak . She kissed me again and then licked her lips. "You taste good," she said. 

I caught my breath just as she stood up and took my hand and pulled me up. She led me into the bedroom, which was large with a four poster bed with a king size mattress. 

She unhooked my bra and pulled me to the wall opposite the bed and leaned against it. She put my arms around me and pulled me toward her and practically swallowed my tongue. 

"Are you going to eat my pussy?" she said. 

"Yes," I said.

I leaned in and kissed her putting my hands around her waist and grabbing her ass. She lifted her muscular legs up and wrapped them around me.

"Mmmm," she said.

We kissed again and then lowered her down. I put my hand inside the back of her panties and put my index finger up her slit. Then I pushed her against the wall and kneeled down and kissed her pussy through her panties. 

"That feels good, baby," she said. Her legs shivered as she grabbed the back of my head and pulled my hair.

"That's feels good, kiss my pussy...kiss it."

I put my mouth on her pussy, licking her soaked panties and she moaned louder. Then I pulled her panties and stockings down and she kicked them off. Then I kissed her perfectly trimmed mound and moved down to her pussy and covered her clit with my lips and sucked. She screamed. I licked her pussy and then put my tongue to her clit.

"That feels so good," she said. "Lick my pussy, lick it, baby, lick it."

I devoured it with my whole mouth and she screamed again and grabbed my hair. 

"Stop!"

I looked up at her.

"Stop for a minute." She pulled me up and pulled me toward her.

"Let me taste," she said.

We kissed and she licked my tongue and my lips.

"Mmmm," she said. Then she licked her palm and pulled on it.

I moved toward her.

"Not yet," she said. "You're not finished with my pussy."

She pulled her bra off and threw it to the ground and then she turned around putting her arms up and leaning against the wall, her legs spread. She turned around and looked at me like a wild animal, her brown eyes opened wide. I could see a slight tan line on her flawless brown skin, going across her back and ass. "Eat my pussy," she said.

I kneed down and put my face in her ass. I licked her asshole and then the lips of her drenched pussy, sucking on them. She was moaning continuously now. I moved under her and sucked on her lips putting my tongue up her slit and then moving it to the space between her pussy and her asshole. She moved closer to the wall, her legs were shaking furiously now as if she was about to fall. Her breathing began to get louder. 

"More!" she said. I buried my face in her pussy and then stuck two fingers up her slit. She screamed again. "Keep going, keep going!" She began to move her ass and hips in rhythm with my fingers as I continued to lick her. She gasped, she was on tip toes now. She moaned. "It's coming, it's coming, it's coming...." Then her back arched and she beat her hands against the wall and moaned.

Her feet came down and she put her face to the wall.

I stood up and put my arms around her waist and kissed her neck. We were both sweating profusely and I licked the salty sweat off her neck and shoulders. I turned her around and we kissed. Her breathing slowed down. She embraced me and we fell upon the bed and rested for a minute. She brushed her hand across my cheek and smiled. Then she took my fingers in her mouth and sucked them. Then she moved to the middle of the bed and lay down on her back, her round breasts flattening against her chest. Then she spread her long legs apart. I moved over to her and kneeled in front of her. She moved her long perfectly manicured fingers down to her mound and played with the hair and then she put two of her fingers inside her and moved them around. Then she bit her lower lip. 

I got on top of her and I put one leg between her legs, grinding my pussy into hers.

I moved slowly, she grabbed my ass with both hands and we built up a rhythm.

"Oh, yes," she said. "Fuck me, fuck me. You're good, you're so good."

I moved a little faster and I could feel her cunt moving with mine, the hairs on her mound touching my pussy we moved together. 

"Faster," she said.

"Faster?" I asked

"A little faster." 

I kissed her again and then kissed her breasts, going from the left to the right, sucking on her rock hard nipples and then taking them in my mouth as far as they could go, licking around her nipples. Then I licked her chest and neck licking the sweat off. She put her hands back on my ass and pushed me into her. Her eyes bore into mine and she smiled, then she grabbed my ass even harder. I could feel myself getting ready to cum. I kissed her again.

"Let's cum together," I said.

"Wait, wait..." She breathed in and bared her teeth and then bit my neck. "Okay."

I moved faster and she moved with me until I couldn't hold it anymore. She opened her mouth. "Ooooooh," she said. "Fuck me, fuck me."

I let go and felt a shock go up my legs and back to my head. I arched my head back and felt her squirm under me, moaning. She lied back on the bed and lost control, screaming. And then it was over. She kissed me, touching my hair and face. I fell upon her and we wrapped our bodies around each other. She caught her breath.

"So...," she said. "When can you move in?"