 I walked into Kendra's room. She was opening a bottle of champagne. She was barefoot and her hair was down, but she was still wearing her business suit. Our meeting went well and now we had a whole day to unwind before our flight. "I thought we'd relax a little before dinner," She said "You didn't have any plans, did you?" she asked

"No," I said. "None."

I couldn't believe my luck. I'd been fantasizing about this moment for weeks. She was new in our office, a transfer from another city. Everyone in our office wanted her. It didn't matter if you were straight or not, her mere presence, her exotic looks and flawless body, brought out the lust in everyone. She made the furniture sweat. Like me she was tall, feminine, dressed very well, kept it simple; there was something very no nonsense about her. She wore glasses most of the time at work, which framed her face perfectly. I just wanted to kiss her. I'd recently ended a short relationship with a woman. My first. It was the best sex I'd ever had and I longed for a new partner. Since Kendra arrived, I been spending hours in my apartment with my hands in my pussy, imagining her between my legs.

But at work I was all business and so was she, so I was very excited when she and I were sent on a business trip together. 

She led me to the terrace, where there was a table and chairs. She poured me a glass and we clicked glasses. 

"I think it's time that I told you something about myself," she said.

I put my glass down and blushed for some reason.

"What's that?"

"I've been distracted at work recently"

"Why's that?"

"Did you know that I was gay?"

I blushed and my heart began to beat really fast.

"No," I said.

She laughed and breathed a sigh of relief.

"That's OK," she said. "I didn't know that you were gay until a couple of days ago."

"How did you find out?"

"Your personal ad."

I blushed. "I thought I'd taken that thing down."

"It's still there. I was surfing around a couple of days ago and there you were."

"I didn't know I was still up there."

"I was looking for blondes, big beautiful feminine blondes, just like you."

I didn't know what to say.

"I was going to say something sooner, but I didn't know how to bring it up."

I took another sip of champagne and tried not to look at her.

"Anything wrong?" She asked.

"Nope."

I finished my glass and she poured me another. We sat there silently for a minute and then I mustered the nerve to speak.

"I've had such a crush on you, Kendra, you don't even know."

She smiled. "I've had one on you too," she said. Then she touched my knee with her hand

"I can't believe it."

"I wanted you since the first time I saw you."

"I want you too."

She took my hand and kissed it.

"We should celebrate somehow," she said.

"How?"

"Well, what would you like to do more than anything right now?"

I blushed and smiled, turning away from her. 

"Anything," she whispered.

I gulped hard and took her hand. "Sex," I said.

"Sex?"

I kissed her hand. "Sex...with you."

She licked her lips and leaned in and kissed me. Her lips were soft, and her breath was hot. We started slowly, with soft kisses, delicately brushing our lips together and then gliding our tongues around each other's mouths. Our tongues met and she swirled hers around mine. I opened my mouth wider and surrendered. She shoved her tongues deeper and then sucked on mine. She led me to my feet and we embraced. She opened the buttons on my blouse and kissed my neck.

"Let's go slow," she said. "I want to make a night of it."

She took my hand again and led me to the bed. She pulled off the bedspread, revealing the white sheets underneath. I could wait to get her naked on those sheets, with her long legs wrapped around mine. I kicked off my shoes and pulled her toward me. I was so excited. I was going to make love to a woman, my second. And she was so beautiful. I thought about Jill, my first. Sometimes we kissed and made out for hours in our underwear, never once touching our pussies, until we drove each other so crazy that we almost came just by telling each other what we want to do to each other.

"We will," I said. "I'm going to kiss and lick every inch of you."

We took each other's blouses and skirts off and fell onto the bed in our bras and panties. She got on top of me and kissed and licked my neck. I cradled her head with my hands and felt her body on top of me, her soft skin sliding over mine. Then she pulled my bra straps down and glided her tongue around my nipples, sucking on one and then the other. "They're so hard," she said. "I want to pinch them." "

"Go ahead." 

She smiled and then pinched one. I moaned. 

"Having fun?" I asked.

"Lots," she said. Then she took my breast into her mouth, sucking hard and then nibbling gently, swirling her tongue around and around. I unhooked my bra and threw it on the floor. "No need to rush," she said. She took my other breast into her mouth and I felt a rush come over me. She glided her tongue down to my belly and kissed and licked my pussy through my panties, teasing me. Then she pulled my panties off and threw them to the floor. I was completely naked now as she hovered over me, taking my hands and pinning me to the bed kissing me full on the lips, then letting go of my hands and grinding into me as I put my hands down the back of her panties and grabbed her ass as she kissed me. I moved my hand around her ass and began to rub her pussy, putting one finger and then two inside. She bucked and moaned. I pulled her panties down to her knees and she fell down upon the bed and I pulled them off. She unhooked her bra and gave it to me. I threw it off the bed and fell into her arms, and kissed her. She wrapped her legs around mine and we began kissing feverishly, shoving our tongues deep inside each other's mouths while roaming our hands all over each other's bodies. Then Kendra pushed me down on the bed and moved her hand over my wet pussy putting two fingers in and fucking me. I moaned and she pulled her fingers out and sucked on them and then put them in my mouth. "Mmmm," I said.

"You taste good," she said.

I pulled her toward me and we kissed. Then she glided her tongue down my belly and kissed my throbbing pussy. "I dreamed of this moment," I whispered. "You between my legs."

She smiled and began to lick around the folds of my pussy lips, and then flattening her tongue softly licking my swollen clit. I moaned again and spread my legs wide. I felt like I was on fire. She was licking a little faster now, stopping to nibble on my clit and then swirling her tongue around. "It feels so good," I said. "Feels so fucking good."

She looked up at me and smiled. "I could do this all day," she said.

"I want you to."

Then she buried her face in my pussy, sucking on my clit as I began to moan even louder, bucking under her as I came as she continued to kiss and lick my pussy until I was limp. I cradled her head in my hands and drew her to me, covering her face with soft kisses as she smiled and kissed me back.

"I thought I was going to come just watching you," she said. "You looked so fucking beautiful."

I kissed her and held her in my arms and we drifted off into sleep as we caressed and kissed. When we awoke, it was dark out. We were laying side by side. I kissed her and glided my hand down the side of her body, squeezing her ass as she squealed and laughed. Then I put my hand on her pussy and rubbed, trailing my finger around the lips and then pulling at her pubic hair. "Ouch," she said.

"That hurt?"

"A little."

"You didn't like?"

"I like."

"You like it rough sometimes?"

"I like it all. You can be rough, be gentle, tie me up blindfold me."

"Mmmmm."

"Fuck me with a strap-on."

"Mmmm...I'd love that."

I rubbed her pussy harder.

"But what I'd really like right now is for you to make me come with your mouth."

"You'd like that, huh?" 

"More than anything."

I kissed her again and got on top of her. My whole body was tingling with lust. I never wanted to leave the bed. I kissed her breasts and sucked on them. "Lower," she said, squeezing her nipples. "I'll take care of those."

I licked down her belly and put my mouth over her pussy.

"Make love to me," she said.

I began to lick the way she did, flattening my tongue and going slowly. She put her hand on my head and pushed down.

"Lick my pussy," she said.

I licked her even slower now, and she put her foot down on my back and rubbed it. 

"Yes," she said. "Oh yes, just like that."

I looked up and she was staring right at me, her teeth bared. She squeezed her breast and pinched her nipple. I licked again and watched her. She closed her eyes and fell back on the bed as I licked and sucked. She put her hand on my head again and pulled my hair. I licked faster now and she moved under me, her clit swollen, her pussy lips puckered, almost quivering as I licked her. She began to buck now, breathing in and out, moaning. 

"Mmm, hmmmm," she whispered. "Just like that."

I went faster now and she gasped and her legs began to shake. "I'm gonna cum," she said.

I continued to lick and she moaned loudly, shaking and writhing as she came. I continued to lick and she begged me to stop, finally pulling me up toward her and we kissed passionately, pushing our bodies together and exploring every inch of each other. Then she got on top of me and grinded her pussy into mine. I spread my legs and she put one leg in between mine and our pussies rubbed into each other. The feeling was incredible. I'd done it with my other girlfriend, but it never felt this good. I thought I was going to pass out. "I'm so wet Kendra," I said.

"I know," she said. 

"I feel like I'm going to cum already."

She pinned me down and kissed me and then she really went to work, looking right at me. Then she gasped and went faster. "You make me cum so fast," she said. "Tell me when."

"Now," I said.

Then we came together, Kendra moaning on top of me pushing her pussy into mine, then collapsing into my arms.