 Kim continued her assault on Lisa's red hot, hard nipple. She kissed Lisa's neck some more and then started to make her way down her friend's sexy body. As she was doing this, Lisa laid down and Kim fell on top of her. She then took Lisa's hard nipple into her mouth and began to suck on it. She also went back to rubbing her hot, sensitive clit. Lisa moaned as Kim devoured her hard nipple. Lisa's hand also found its self back down between her sexy legs and she was going to town on rubbing her hard love trigger. Kim sucked Lisa's hard nipples for quite a while and making Lisa's moans grow in intensity. Lisa loved this; her friend was sucking on her hard nipple while she was rubbing herself to an earth-shattering orgasm.

After a little while of this, Kim stopped sucking on Lisa's nipple and started to kiss her way down to Lisa's honey box. As she kissed her way down she moved Lisa's hand from rubbing her hot clit and instead replaced it with her breath. Kim breathed on Lisa's sensitive love trigger and took in the sweet smells that were emanating from her friend's love tunnel. Lisa could not believe it, she had Kim with her face between her legs, this picture drove her crazy and her soaking wet pussy let out some of its juices. 

Kim was enjoying this, she was staring at her friend's soaking wet pussy and it excited her. What she had not told her friends earlier was that not only did she have thoughts of being with another woman, but the women that she fantasized about were Jen and Lisa. Her fantasy was finally coming true. She took her tongue and stuck it out, she found Lisa's sensitive clit and it tasted good. Lisa shook as an electric shock ran through her body as Kim touched her hard love trigger. Kim kept licking Lisa's sensitive clit and driving her wild. Lisa was moaning and saying things like, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... Kim that feels so gooooooooooooooood!" and "That's it, keep licking that thing, you are going to make me cum!" And that is just what Kim did. As she kept licking and now beginning to suck on her friend's hard, hot clit, Lisa tensed up and shoved her soaking wet, dripping, red hot pussy into her friend's face. Lisa came so hard that it felt like a waterfall was coming out of her dripping pussy. She flooded Kim's face with her love as Kim licked up every bit of this bombardment of pussy juices as she could. 

The action of Kim's tongue licking up her flood of pleasure caused her orgasm to last for at least 2 minutes. This tongue action from Kim also caused Lisa to have two more earth-shattering orgasms. Once Lisa came back down to earth she just laid there basking in the glow of her sexual release. All of this noise from the two of them did not wake up Jen. Now that Lisa had been satisfied, she sat up and saw Kim laying down with her knees up in the air and three fingers buried in her wet pussy. Lisa felt so good from what Kim had done to her that she wanted to pay her back and make her cum that hard and that many times. 

Lisa moved over towards her masturbating friend. She grabbed the screw-driver from near Jen and brought it over with her. She got down between Kim's legs and smiled up at her. Lisa grabbed Kim's probing fingers and removed them from inside of her dripping wet love tunnel. Lisa then licked Kim's moisture off of her fingers. It tasted good and Lisa liked feeling her friend's fingers inside of her mouth. Kim liked it too, the picture and the feeling of Lisa licking her own love juices off of her fingers made her even hotter.

Lisa released her friend's fingers and placed them on Kim's own hard nipples and C-cup breasts. Now that Kim was playing with her own nipples, Lisa went to work on Kim's dripping love box. She spread her friend's pussy lips wide open revealing her soaking wet hole. The cool air hitting her wet pussy sent shivers down Kim's spine. She liked it. Lisa took her tongue and began to lick Kim's hard, sensitive clit; just as Kim had done to her only minutes before. The sensations that Kim was feeling were incredible. She could not believe that her friend and the girl she fantasized about was licking and sucking on her love trigger. Kim's body shook with the sparks that Lisa was creating throughout her body. After Lisa had been sucking on her friends sensitive clit for a while and Kim was dripping wet and moaning a lot; Lisa reached for the screw-driver. 

Kim was too busy rubbing her soaking wet pussy in her friend's face that she did not see Lisa reach for the screw-driver. All of a sudden Kim felt the hard handle of the screw-driver against the outside of her hot love tunnel. At first it startled her, and then when she realized what Lisa was doing, she let out a long moan. This woke Jen up. Lisa rubbed the screw-driver handle around the outside of Kim's dripping hole. She then slowly began to push it inside of her hot and horny friend. At first it hurt a lot for Kim to be having something of that size entering her tight little love tunnel. Just like Jen, this was the largest thing that had ever been put into her. Her tight pussy grabbed a hold of it as Lisa kept slowly pushing it into her love tunnel. Her pain started to turn to pleasure as Lisa got the screw-driver as deep as it would possibly go into Kim's tight pussy. 

Lisa then started slowly pumping it in and out of her friend's tight hole. The sweet fragrance that was coming from Kim was beginning to drive Lisa wild. Lisa quickened her pace and began pumping the screw-driver into her friend's sweet pussy like a jack hammer going into concrete. Kim's moans increased in intensity as she felt electric shocks of pleasure travel through her young body. 

Jen got back to her senses and looked over at the scene in front of her. Her two best friends were naked and pleasuring one another. Jen watched as Lisa pounded the thick, hard screw-driver handle into her friend's hole. She started to feel those familiar feelings of needing pleasure come over her. She decided that it was time to bring this love fest to new heights. She got up and walked over towards her friends. She stood over Kim's thrashing body and Kim looked up and smiled at her in between one powerful moan and another. Jen then lowered her sweet love box onto her friend's waiting mouth. 

Kim instantly accepted Jen's soaking wet, hot pussy onto her sweet lips. She stuck her tongue out and began probing it deep into her friend's hot love tunnel. Jen let out a moan as Kim's hot tongue entered her waiting pussy. Lisa was still pounding her friend hard with the long, hard screw-driver and she knew her friend could not take this punishment much longer. 

Kim's tongue strokes increased as she buried her tongue in Jen's wet pussy. Jen wanted to cum soooooooooooooo very bad and so she took her hand and began to rub her hot love trigger as Kim's assault continued on her dripping hole. Within moments Kim pushed Jen off of her face as she felt that now familiar release approaching quickly. Her tight, wet hole grabbed a hold of the screw-driver and she arched her back as Lisa pounded it into her love box faster and faster, harder and harder. She then let out a long, loud moan "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, YES, YES!!! That feels great!!!" She flooded the screw-driver handle with her sweet love nectar. Lisa bent down so she could lick some of the flow up. Kim came for what seemed like several minutes. Once she came down from her high of pure pleasure she collapsed right there on the floor and Lisa pulled the hard object out of her friend's dripping hole. 

Jen looked at Lisa with a look of lust and wanting in her eyes. Lisa smiled back at her very seductively. Jen then got up and walked over to Lisa and Lisa laid down on her back. Jen then laid down in a "69" position on top of her hot friend. Immediately Jen felt Lisa latch onto her hot, sensitive love trigger. Lisa took it into her mouth and began to lick and suck on it. Jen let out a long moan and told Lisa that it felt ohhh soooo good. Jen then latched onto her friends hot love trigger as well. Within seconds both girls had their friend's hot, hard, red, sensitive clit in their mouths. They sucked on them and bit down on them lightly; sending sweet sensations through each other's bodies. As time progressed they took three fingers a piece and started to pound each other's sweet pussies as they continued their assault on each other's clits. Before long they both were screaming with the joys of sweet release as they flooded each other with their hot cum. Each girl licked up all they could of their friend's release. Once they had both come back down to earth from their mind-blowing orgasms, Jen rolled off of her friend and they both fell asleep with the others hand still rubbing each other's sweet love triggers. 

They all had sweet dreams that night. For just about every weekend after that, they had a sleep over at someone's house and enjoyed each other over and over again.

The End.... for now.. :-) 