 "In that case, I would want to remain close friends, Kim, maybe even lovers, and that you would be willing to come home with me often.

"I said this before, but I need you to understand that I absolutely intend to test your limits to the max since you insist on a month's trial, because once it is over, if you do agree to become my permanent sub, I don't want any misunderstanding on what that life will entail." I nodded to indicate I understood. 

"Well, my dear, which road do you want to follow: Mistress and slave, or friends and lovers?"

"Since neither of us can predict what will happen after a month of training, I guess I need to ask another question first." We both knew that I was only postponing the inevitable. "Do you really think we could remain friends and lovers if I didn't?"

"Hell, girl, you might decide to safe-word out, even before your month is up. You may get so pissed at me you will never want to see me again. Honestly, Kim, I feel we would, most likely, remain as friends, but, after being in the role of Dominant and submissive, I am not sure the 'lovers' part would be acceptable to either of us. I can only promise that I would be willing to give it a try. Regardless, that's too far in the future to discuss at this point."

"Gawd, Kelly. I have never made what could be a life changing decision without contemplating it for days. Your analogy last night about hang gliding makes sense, but, again, I honestly don't know if I'd jump off that cliff to hang glide even with an instructor. Deep down I am a real chicken. All that being said, now that we have found one another, I don't want to lose you under any circumstance. At least, hopefully, that won't happen. I never thought I would feel this way about another woman. 

"I really don't know what you are doing to my mind. Even though you feel we might be able to continue as friends, and maybe lovers, if I say no, I must agree with another comment that you made. If I don't do it now, with you, I never will and will always wonder what it would have been like. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I want to continue wearing your collar and it must be for a month. If I only do it for two days, I might opt to quit and then I will not be able to learn about everything you have planned for me, and, being selfish, I don't want to miss ANYTHING." She laughed when I put emphasis on the last word. "Gads, I hope I'm not confusing you. I know I am confusing myself." 

"You are going to be surprised with what I have in store for you. I am pleased you want the extra time. There is so much you need to learn, and, as you indicated you would never be able to absorb it all in a weekend. There is simply not enough time to show you everything. I would be too rushed trying. Being a submissive is not as simple as saying 'yes, ma'am,' like you did last night, and following an order I might give you. There are numerous rules that I will teach you and require you to follow. In addition, there are positions in which I will have you place your body as signs of respect and obedience to me and even to others. For example, if I order you to 'stand' you will not simply stand up. You will face me with your feet about a foot apart, your body will be erect with your hands clasped behind you in the center of your back, right on top of left. 'Spread' will mean to move your feet farther apart. For the order 'kneel,' you will get on your knees, spread about a foot apart, but with your toes touching. Once again, your body will be erect, and hands clasped behind your back in the same manner. 

"If I want you to be a little more relaxed while kneeling, I will order you to 'rest.' To do this, you will simply lower your butt onto your legs, then place your hands on top of your legs, palms up. If you are not in a kneeling position and I order you to rest, you will first kneel then attain the rest position. Upon the order 'present,' while you are in any of these three positions, you will place your hands behind your neck, intertwine your fingers and thrust your chest out as if offering your tits to me.

"There are many more positions to learn. Do you think you can remember the few I have already explained?"

"Yes ma'am, I can." 

"Then you may now kneel and ask me for my collar." 

To say I was now really scared shitless, as I slipped off the bed, would be an exaggeration. I swear my whole body was quivering. Once I was in position I asked, "Will you grant to me the privilege of continuing to wear your collar for the next month, ma'am?"

"Will you agree to obey all my orders, without question and without hesitation?" 

"Yes, ma'am, I will."

"And will you permit me to do whatever I desire to you or with you, even if it causes pain, embarrassment or humiliation, in private and in public, as long as I promise not to permanently harm or damage you?"

"Yes, ma'am, I will," I replied, this time after a small hesitation.

"You may rest." I sat back. Obeying her like this felt strange, but wonderful and satisfying.

Kelly opened a drawer on night stand, pulled out a sheet of paper. "While you were still sleeping this morning, I printed out a formal contract for you to sign. We will have to change the ending date since we are extending your 'trial period' to a month. This month has 31 days. Because you are such a detail freak, one month from today would be a Tuesday. I'd like to end the contract on a Monday. Let's agree to 30 days and change the date correspondingly." I agreed. She made the corrections and handed the contract to me. I had never signed anything without first reading every word, and this was no exception. 

Basically, as changed, it said that I would be Kelly's submissive and slave 'for a trial period' until Monday morning June 3, at seven A.M. As such, I agreed to be her personal property and that she would care for me and keep me from harm as she would the rest of her personal property. It also stipulated that we could mutually extend it for a period of one year at the end of the trial. She had included spaces for signing the contract and separate spaces for the extension. As part of the extension I would be required to give her my personal debit cards, credit cards and checkbook for safe keeping. In this regard it stated that it would be her responsibility to insure I paid all my financial obligations on time. This concerned me and I questioned her on it. After explaining that she added that provision to the extension because she hadn't wanted to control my expenditures for a short, two-day trial period. She said, "Since we have changed the trial period to thirty days, the financial restrictions will have to begin immediately. Don't misunderstand this provision, Kim. I do not want signature authority over your accounts. I will permit you to withdraw a small weekly allowance that you can spend in any way you want. Other than that, I will approve every decision, in advance, for every personal expenditure that you make. I will hold your debit and credit cards and you will have to ask me for one if you want to use it. You will be the only person that will have access to your money. I do not want to know your PINs either." I consented to this requirement, albeit with some reluctance, realizing the extent that she would be restricting my independence by controlling my finances.

"Do you have any more questions, pet?"

"Yes. I have two. I often decide to go to lunch with my workers. This usually happens at the last moment. I know that I will still have to ask permission to do that, but how will I pay if you hold my cards?"

"OK, I understand your predicament, dear. I will permit you to keep some extra cash but only for that purpose. You must promise that you will still ask permission to use it." 

I preferred using a credit card, but reluctantly agreed. "Done! Second, according to the schedule, my work here should end August 31, unless there are unexpected complications. After that I will have to return to my office to work and, most likely, will work on an installation in another city. I will also have to travel to other cities to negotiate possible contracts. How will we be able to extend our contract for a year?"

"Oh, my dear, I already thought about that possibility. There are ways we can work around that. Let your Mistress worry about it when the time comes."

I loved her grin and couldn't argue, so I asked, "How many slaves have you had in the past, Kelly?"

"That has nothing to do with this agreement, pet, but I will answer it. Truthfully, none; at least not for any extended period. I am a member of a small group that meets occasionally to engage in BDSM play. Through that group, I have had several women submit to me, but usually only for an evening or a weekend. On two occasions I had someone sub for a week during Spring Break, like I did for my college friend. However, I have never had someone sign an agreement to be my slave. You will be the first. In fact, I only got the idea this morning, watching you sleep so peacefully while chained to my bed. I decided I wanted more. I quickly downloaded this form off the Internet and modified it to fit my needs."

"Off the internet?"

"You'd be surprised the amount of BDSM information you can get online. One can even register a slave VIA the Internet. Haven't you ever surfed adult sites either?"

"Only a couple times."

"Well, I'll just have to make you do that as that part of your training."

"I simply must make something very clear, Kim. A few minutes ago, I said that I will control you even while at work. I wouldn't have been able to do that unless you agreed to extend the contract past Monday. Since your trial run will now last a month, I will accelerate my plans. Control at work will be mostly mental. Selecting or approving what you wear each day even includes underwear, if I permit you to wear any. I indicated that I will also be changing your physical appearance, but I won't tell you how until it happens. I do not intend to try to change your personality, just your persona. The independent Kim, who walked into Lisa's, will still exist. In fact, there will be times I will suspend your submissive status so we can simply be friends and lovers for an evening or a day, if you agree to the year extension. What I intend to change is your outward appearance so that, when you look into a mirror you will see my slave, to whom I intend giving a distinct name, other than Kim or Kimberly. You will know that Kim is still inside that body, as I want her to be, but you will only see my obedient slave. Kim will only exist when I suspend her slave status and when she is at work. But she will always, in some way, look like my slave, to the two of us and to those 'in the know.' Nevertheless, we will both love and admire Kim and my slave as one person.

With a trembling hand, I initialed the changes, signed the thirty-day portion of the contract, handed the paper back to her, and happily noticed that her hand was also shaking when she signed it. She then looked at me, smiled and said, "I accept your submission and promise not to do anything that will permanently harm you physically or mentally, and to always protect you to the best of my ability, as I would any other chattel property I own. You may continue wearing my collar as my slave."

"Thank you... Mistress."

She knelt in front of me and locked the collar around my neck. I swear I felt my clit jump when the padlock snapped shut. "Oh, Kim, you don't know how much this means to me. I have been thinking about doing something like this for a long time, but never found anyone worthy enough to help me consummate my desires. The short-term sessions I mentioned were simply part of our group activities, but what you and I will now do is different. I hope you are as excited as I am."

"Right now, I must admit that I cannot distinguish what I feel as being excited or terrified."

"That is understandable. From this moment on, as long as you wear my collar, or anything I declare to be a substitute for aesthetics when we are in public, you are not permitted to call me Kelly. In public you will use 'ma'am. In private you may use ma'am, but I prefer Mistress or Mistress Kelly. There may be times I will tell you to use a particular name or title or may even permit you to call me Kelly. Only when you are not wearing my collar, or a substitute, will you call me Kelly without specific permission. Do you think you can remember this? 

"Yes, Mistress, I can."

Kelly literally pounced on me, knocking me to the floor where we started hugging and kissing. After several minutes of passionate exchanges, she stopped, looked down at me, and said, "Damn, this is not the proper way for a Mistress to act, is it?"

I looked at her, grinning, and replied, "Ma'am, since I have no way of how a Mistress is supposed to act, I cannot honestly answer your question. I just hope you never stop behaving like this."

"My pet, you are so diplomatic in the way you answer things. That should help keep you out of trouble as my slave." She then made my heart skip a beat by saying, "Our association has been short, but I even think I am falling in love with you."

I looked at her in awe and replied, "I already know I already love you, Mistress." 

She rose back to her knees, helped me to mine and said, "We really must get moving, but I need to cover a couple formalities. First, you need a safe word. To make it easy, I, and my friends, defer to the tried-and-true traffic light trio: green, yellow and red. If, during a session of high intensity, I ask how you are doing, a 'green' answer would mean 'I am doing great, keep going.' I do not like to use the 'green' response. In my opinion, it gives the sub the distinct impression that they are controlling a scene, and they are, at least to that point. I am experienced enough that I can sense through a sub's non-verbal responses, moans, etc., that they are in a 'green' status or entering 'yellow.' If you reply 'yellow' you are asking me to slow down because you are approaching what you think is your limit or you need time to acclimate. I will assess the situation or may discuss it with you, but the decision of what to do will be mine. Saying 'red' at any time means I will immediately stop whatever we are doing. Maybe you just need a short break or that you just got a cramp in your leg. We will always discuss why you said 'red' and mutually decide whether to begin again or not. 

"A secondary reason I like to have my sub answer red or yellow when I ask for their status is that she may be in a mental subspace and cannot make that decision for herself. If you do not answer, I know to immediately quit and assess your condition.

Finally, if you feel you have reached your absolute limit, say 'Mercy, Mistress, or just Mercy." I will stop the session and it will not continue. There will be no discussion. I will trust you to know when you simply cannot take any more. 

"If I have gagged you, or otherwise removed your ability to speak clearly, you will not be able to say a safe word. In this case you may hum a song. I'm sure you know the nursery rhyme, "Mary Had a Little Lamb?" I nodded. "That will do, then. Humming 'Mary,' will have the same effect as saying Red. If I think it is necessary, I have other ways you will be able to signal me but humming usually works. 

"I have one warning, though. If you misuse your safe word, I may punish you. So be damn sure you need to use it. I already told you that I will never do anything I have not already experienced, so I will know the difference. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, I do, Mistress." 

"Now, you need a slave name. You will no longer be Kim or Kimberly. How do you like the name Kimmy?

"Oh, I hate it. They used to call me that when I was growing up. I was going to tell you last night when you used that name, but, for some reason, I couldn't.

"Excellent, then than that will be your slave name." I quickly hoped I didn't earn my first punishment with the disgusted look that appeared on my face. "A slave name will continually remind you of your status. When I use Kim or Kimberly, especially in a public setting, you will know you have been temporarily released from your submissive roll. The use of your slave name will automatically put you back into it. Just remember that my use of Kim or Kimberly when we are alone, or with my friends, does not release you from your submissive status. I will verbally do that. 

"When we are in private, or with a few friends, I may also call you my slut, or I may even call you a bitch. Just know that I will always use these terms in a loving way. To use them in public would be demeaning and I would never do that; embarrass or humiliate you, yes; demean, no."

I swallowed hard. "Thank you, Mistress."

"When you were little, did your parents use your middle name when you were testing their limits?"

I laughed and answered, "Yes, ma'am, they did that a lot."

"I will be doing the same. If I ever call you Kimberly Ann, whether you are in or out of your slave status, you will know that you are approaching MY limits and continuing whatever you are doing will subject you to severe punishment. Using both of your given names together will not release you from your slave status.

"As I indicated, there will be many rules that you will have to learn and follow as my slave. I will teach them to you as we progress. Once you know a rule, you will be punished for any infraction of that rule. To repeat myself, punishment will not necessarily be corporal. "

"Such as?"

"I already gave you a couple examples. Others could be withholding of privileges like achieving an orgasm or eating at the table with me, kneeling in a corner, or sleeping on the floor at the foot of my bed, to name just a few."

"Oh!"

"You will always keep your knees spread apart a minimum of six inches, whether in private or in public. While this is not proper etiquette for a woman, I want to have access to my cunt anytime I desire, without having to tell you to spread your legs. You will do this even if you are not with me to constantly remind you to whom you belong and to reinforce the fact you should keep them apart when you are with me. Also, for the same reasons, you will rarely be permitted to wear anything that covers my cunt when we are together. More often than not, it will be bare when we are apart.

"Kimmy, you need to know that I consider your submission to be a gift from you to me, because you are literally relinquishing every aspect of your life to me by putting yourself under my control and are showing that you trust me to the fullest. While there may be times you will think otherwise, please do not ever forget that you are a human being, and even though you are also my chattel property. I will always respect you as a human being. You can respect yourself only if you remember this. This is a major way that I am different from many Dominants who verbally berate their slaves into submission by making them feel worthless. Although you will be my sub 24/7, much of the time we will also exist together as friends and lovers once I have determined your desires and limits. It's been a long time since I felt this way about anyone.

"I'll explain this concept in more detail later. Right now, we need to get you dressed so you can check out of the hotel."

Her nipple rings continued to fascinate me. "You look great like that, Mistress. Too bad you can't leave the house that way."

"Thanks, I wish I could, too. But I might cause too much commotion. I guess I'll wear a sweater. Since you can't go looking like that, either, pet, would you prefer wearing the clothes you had on last night or do you want to check my wardrobe for something different? We are about the same size, except on top, of course, Most of my clothes should fit you when you are not wearing a bra."
