 It wasn't until a few days later that Kelly revealed her activities before she awakened me that first morning. 

After using the bathroom, she sat on the side of the bed, legs folded under her, watching me. She thought about all the events that had transpired the previous evening. She really had noticed me walking into Lisa's, primarily because of the white socks, but, other than glancing over at me a couple times while I sat and chatted with Allyson, she didn't think much more about me; until Allyson approached her, that is.

Their conversation went something like this:

"Do you have a minute, Kel?" asked Allyson as she placed Kelly's drink on the table.

"Sure, Ally. What's up."

"Her name is Kim," Allyson said grinning.

"Who?"

Oh, come on now! You know very well who. I saw you admiring her as soon as she walked in. I'm talking about the newbie at the bar."

"Yea, I did see her come in, but I can't say I was admiring her. And just why are you telling me this?"

"Well, OK, let's just say that I saw you looking and think you might want to check her out."

"Damn it anyhow, Ally, I have told you numerous times to quit trying to fix me up with someone. The last two customers that you referred to me didn't even pass my initial inspection. You know I don't date just anyone."

"But Kim is different."

"And how might that be?"

"Trust me, she just is. For as long as I have known you, you have jokingly said you should get yourself a full-time sub. I know your desire for one increased after you introduced me to Sam."

"So, this newbie told you she's hunting a Mistress and you immediately decided to saddle me with her? WTF Ally!"

"Look girl, we have been friends for a long time and know one another quite well. I've only talked with Kim a few minutes, and, while this is a gut feel, I really think she is perfect for you. Yes, I think she might sub for you although I have no idea why I feel that way. She never indicated that she is even in the scene. She did NOT say she was looking for a mistress. In any case, at worst, you might gain a new friend."

"I really don't know if I'm even ready for that, Ally."

"Bull! You've been ready for a long time and are just afraid to admit it. Shit, if I didn't have Sam, I'd try to latch onto her myself. Look, I won't take 'no' for an answer. I am going to tell her you want to buy her a drink. If she is OK with that, I'll bring her over. Let's see what happens. If you won't do it for yourself, please do it for me."

"Ok. I guess a new friend might be nice," she reluctantly conceded, just to get Allyson to shut up.

"Promise you'll be nice to her or you'll have to answer to me."

Kelly laughed. "Ok, bitch! I promise I'll be nice. I'll even act like I made the suggestion, but only if you promise this is the absolute last frigging time you try to fix me up with someone, if it doesn't work out." Allyson agreed.

...And the rest is history.

So, while she was watching me sleep, thinking I looked beautiful while naked, collared and chained to her bed (I was on my back, with one leg bent and to the side, exposing my newly shaved slit). She also knew that Allyson had been right. While she had never been serious about wanting a sub during many discussions with Allyson, she realized that having a relationship like the one between Allyson and Sam might be what she needed.

Something deep inside said that I could possibly "be the one." Finally, deciding to take the plunge, she felt it would be best to ask me to consider subbing to her on a 24/7 basis, but only for a trial period. She knew she would have to make allowances for the probability that I would want to continue working at my current job, which could put us in different cities, among other things. While still uncertain if she really wanted to take on the responsibility of training a novice sub, she left me alone long enough to prepare the agreement. When she returned, numerous alternatives went through her mind before she decided on the best way to present the proposal to me. When she leaned down to suck my nipple, she realized that her pussy was wet from the anticipation.

* * * * * * * * * * 

"I've decided that you will outshine your Mistress if she wears jeans, so wait here while I change." I remained kneeling while she went into the closet to get her clothes. I was surprised when she returned wearing a black, spaghetti-strap camisole and a pair of knee-high boots. Between these she was naked. "I love what I see, but I'm sure my Mistress doesn't intend going out in public like that," I exclaimed.

Laughing and holding her hand out, she said, "No, I want to change my piercings. Now that I have my own slave, I thought she should assist me." I looked at the two items of jewelry she dropped into my hand. "I want you to replace my clit ring with these. I could have put my skirt on first, but then you wouldn't have the best view of how these look when they are on me. It is called a nipple stirrup but is often used to adorn one's clit. The other piece is a pendant that I like to hang from it."

I knelt between her spread legs as she reclined on the edge of the bed, propped up on her elbows, patiently awaiting me to perform the requested task. I was nervous even though I had intimately made love to that precious part of her anatomy the previous night. The sun shining on her body created an aura of beauty I didn't expect. I wanted her again but knew I would have to wait. Her voice brought me out of my reverie, "Slut?"

I looked up at her smiling face, "Yes, Mistress?"

"If you don't stop admiring at my pussy that way, we're going to end up making love again, and you will be late checking out. Please finish your job so we can go."

"Yes, Mistress. Sorry."

Making love to her the previous night was one thing. Performing this task as her slave was different. It felt even more intimate than making love. My hands shook as I removed the captive ball ring from her clitoral hood. I then had to admit that I wasn't sure what to do with the two items she had given to me. Kelly showed me how to remove the barbell that went through the ends of the stirrup. The pendant was a small heart attached to one end of a two-inch long chain. I slipped a ring on the chain's opposite end over the stirrup. Then, following her directions, I placed the open ends of the stirrup at the sides of her clit, slipped the barbell through one side of the stirrup, through the piercing and the other side of the stirrup. Finally, I screwed the ball onto the end of the barbell. Spreading her legs wider, she said, "You may now kiss me Kimmy, but only one kiss." There wasn't any question where I was to kiss her. I leaned forward, kissed her puckered nether lips and retreated. When she stood, the heart dangled between her legs. What an amazing sight. 

Following another trip to her closet, she returned with a black leather mini skirt. I helped her put it on. "Wearing this pendant is fantastic. I absolutely love the way it dangles and bounces against my legs when I walk. You need to know that this is the first time I have worn it on my clit. 

There was no doubt in my mind that I was falling deeper in love with this amazing woman less than twenty hours after meeting her.

As we walked through the den, she picked up the phone and made a quick call. "Hi, it's me... I still have the package you made me pick up yesterday. I am sure there will not be a problem unwrapping it tonight, so you can go ahead with the plans we discussed... Love you, too. Bye."

Stopping in the hallway on the way out of the house, she said, "I have an accent to go with your dress, Kimmy." She opened the closet door and pulled out a wide-brimmed straw hat. Once I put it on, she said, "Yes, that is perfect. Damn, you are definitely one sexy bitch." I blushed at the comment. I was admiring my straw hat in the hall mirror and didn't notice Kelly opening the table drawer, removing a key, attaching it to a long neck chain, and slipping the chain around her neck.

We drove to the hotel in Kelly's car, rather than on the motorcycle, since we would be returning with my luggage. While I was getting into the car, Kelly told me not to sit on my skirt. This would be another rule. When seated, anytime I was sans panties or wearing a thong, I would have to pull my skirt from under me so that my bare ass would be in contact with the seat. I obeyed, of course, and enjoyed the feel of the cool leather seat against my skin.

We were walking through the hotel parking lot when I suddenly realized that I was wearing the collar in public. "Ah, Mistress," I said, "What about my collar?"

"What about it, slut?"

"I thought I wouldn't be wearing it in public. Don't you think it might...a...be a bit too obvious?"

"If I thought that, don't you think I would have replaced it? 

"Yes, ma'am, you would have. I apologize."

"Don't worry, pet. It looks very fashionable on you. Besides, that is your punishment for the comment you made back at the house." Her answer didn't make me less conscious of its presence. I knew my face was flushed as I walked through the lobby even though very few people were there. She increased my self-conscious state when she said, "I absolutely love the way you jiggle when you walk, pet." I wasn't sure what she was talking about until I realized she was looking at my tits. I suddenly became more aware of my braless state. Grasping my hand in hers, she laughed and exclaimed, "Your nipples are getting hard again. You really are a slut."

My embarrassment increased in the elevator because an older couple followed us in. As we ascended, they started whispering to one another. I automatically assumed I was the object of their shared conversation but will never know.

In my room, I opened my two empty suitcases, placed them on the bed and opened a dresser drawer. "Damn, Kimmy, I don't know anyone who actually puts their clothes in the dressers and closets that hotels supply."

"I only do it when I am spending more than two nights in my room. I had planned on being here for two weeks. It's easier than trying to find what you want in the bottom of a suitcase filled with clothes." I replied.

"I guess that makes sense. Lay your things out on the bed first. I want to sort through them; work clothes first.

I didn't understand why but complied with her order. "Hmmm; only two pair of slacks, white blouses, suits with jackets and a couple vests."

"Yes, ma'am. I find that everyone, especially the men, pay more attention when I am professionally dressed. I also find that that means wearing skirts or dresses in most circumstances."

"Excellent! That fits my plans quite well. She held a skirt against my waist. "Ye, gads, it's a little long. Do you have any that shows your knees?" I don't know why I felt ashamed when I shook my head. "Well, you can toss them in your suitcase for now. We will have to buy some for you that are shorter. You have nice legs and need to show them off.

"Now lay out the casual clothes that you wear outside of work." I had one pair of jeans, a pair of jeans shorts, two blouses, two skirts, a sweatshirt and a pair of workout pants. The clothes still at Kelly's house were also casual. Dumbfounded, I watched as she removed a pair of scissors from her purse and cut the legs of the shorts off at crotch level. The back was cut a little higher than the front and I knew the curve of my ass would be visible if I wore them. "There, those should be satisfactory for you to wear outside the house. I'm not sure about the jeans, but I'll let you keep them for now. My final decision will depend on how tight they are. Knowing you they will probably go, although you will not wear them much even if we do keep them. Pants block access to my cunt. I think we'll keep the stretch workout pants, but you'll wear them without panties, of course, and topless when in the house. I am sure your ass will look great in them." 

"Ok, bedclothes next." I laid out a pair of satin PJs. "Only one pair of pajamas for two weeks?" she exclaimed.

"Ah..., I usually sleep in the nude when I am alone," I confessed, again embarrassed.

"Now THAT surprises me, but I like it. I guess last night was an exception to your rule, since you were not alone."

"Yes, ma'am. But I think I was forced into that exception," I replied, grinning

"And it will be a permanent exception from now on, right?"

"Yes, ma'am. My Mistress is always right."

"If you usually sleep in the nude why do you even have pajamas?"

"Well, if I called for room service, or if someone knocked at my door, I couldn't answer it in my altogether, or even with a robe if I were naked under it. Just for the record, I always wear a robe over the pajamas when opening the door."

"Most people wouldn't worry as long as they were wearing a robe. For the time being you can keep them. They might come in handy for an idea I have. Besides, they might fit me. What about shoes?" A pair of tennis shoes followed three pair of high, and two pair of low heel shoes. "Not bad, she commented. You may put all of them in your suitcases. When I completed that task, she said, "Now for the all-important lingerie." I laid out a half dozen sets of panties, bras and pantyhose. "I should have known they would be plain. These are not quite what I expect any slut of mine to wear! I prefer sexy undergarments; when she is permitted to wear any, that is," she commented and laughed. Much to my dismay, she picked up the scissors and cut everything into pieces. That familiar shiver went up my spine again.

"All this is going in the trash. We will stop on the way home and buy some things that are worthier of my slut. I know a perfect place in the mall near the university."

"Ah, Mistress, did you really have to cut up my bras and panties. I would have promised to only wear them to work."

"That would have been unacceptable, pet. You need to listen to your Mistress more carefully. As I told you at the house, I will approve the clothes my submissive wears, even to work. This includes everything from the inside out. Cutting these up insures that you will never wear them again." Trashing my lingerie like that added realism to the agreement I had made. "You can trust me, pet. After 30 days you won't want to wear anything but sexy lingerie even if you don't continue as my slave. The good feeling you get from wearing something sexy, even if hidden, just grows on you, as will the sexy feeling you'll have when not wearing any underwear."

My favorite daytime clerk, Rachel, was looking down at her computer when I approached the desk to check out. She hadn't been at the desk when we arrived. We had chatted quite a bit during the times I had stayed at the hotel and had developed what might be called "a working friendship." I really liked her, and I think she sensed my presence rather than seeing me approach the desk. I swear her mouth dropped open when she looked up and saw me. I flushed a little when she exclaimed, "Oh, wow, Kim, that dress looks fantastic on you. Truthfully, maybe I should I say that you make that dress look fantastic. I don't think I've seen you in anything but power suits and jeans while you've been with us." Then she whispered, "And just between us girls, it looks great without a bra," before adding, "May I ask what's the special occasion?"

"Thanks, for the compliment, Rachel," I stammered, embarrassed that she had commented on my braless condition so easily. "There isn't any special occasion. I just thought I should wear something different today. Glad you like it."

"Well, trust me. It is something different. I need a better look." She walked around the counter and gave me the "once over." "Wow, I can even see that you have legs. Forgive me for saying so, but you should wear shorter dresses more often. Your longer dresses tend to hide them."

"I guess you are right. Maybe I should change my old image," I commented, knowing that was already happening and the choice wasn't mine.

"I recommend it," she replied. "In love the sandals with that dress, but I'd also recommend high heels to accentuate your legs even more." I thought she might be pushing our limited friendship too far with that comment. Thankfully she changed the subject by saying, "So what can I do for you?"

"I've decided to check out early."

"Just for the weekend?"

"No, I won't be back for a few weeks, at least. I ran into a friend last night who invited me to stay with her. I like to save money for the company whenever I can. You know how that is."

"Do I ever! I'll miss our little conversations, though."

"Same here. Since I'll still be in town, I'll try to stop in to see you when I can."

"I'd appreciate that."

Once she completed my checkout, she said, "By the way, I like the collar, too. Your neck looks like it was made for one."

Embarrassed and flushing again, I somehow managed to thank her for the additional "compliment." Just then Kelly, who had been standing out of Rachel's sight, walked up beside me. "I'm glad you agree with my assessment about Kim's neck, Rachel." On that comment, I my chin dropped to the floor. 

"Oh, hi, Dr. Peters! I didn't see you come in." 

"When did you start working here, Rachel? The last time we talked you were still doing telemarketing."

"Last month, ma'am. You know how I hated that job. The pay is much better here, the positions comes with benefits, and I don't have to rely on commissions for my only income. The hotel will even help me with my schooling. I'm still taking classes at night, by the way."

Then reality hit her. A big smile appeared on her face. "Oh, wow, Kim! Is Dr. Peters the friend you'll be staying with?"

"Yes, she is" I replied.

"That's absolutely fantastic. Now I understand the collar...and the change in clothing." I was surprised by her comment and too embarrassed to reply. "When did you two meet?" she continued.

I didn't get a chance to answer. "Oh, Kimmy accidentally dropped into Lisa's last night without realizing it was a lesbian bar and I sort of picked her up." Kelly said.

"Damn, Kim, I didn't know you were submissive. I would have bet otherwise."

"She didn't know either, until last night, Rachel," Kelly interjected. "She didn't know she was a lesbian either. And please call her Kimmy while she is wearing my collar."

"Yes, ma'am, I understand. Will I be seeing MORE of Kimmy anytime soon?" I wondered about her emphasis on the word "more." 

"You will be at Lisa's for the party tonight, won't you?"

"Do you think I'd be permitted to miss it?" Rachael answered with a laugh.

"No, I don't think so. We'll see you there and you'll definitely be seeing MORE of Kimmy too." I was getting a little tired of these cryptic messages and wanted to blurt, "Hey, I'm right here." Kelly simply grasped my arm, smiled, and said, "Don't ask, and I'll tell you no lies!" as she guided me towards the door.

Our next stop was the mall. After we parked, Kelly opened the glove box and removed two short, red leather collars. Kelly explained that they were wrist cuffs. "Give me your hands, pet." Without question, I obeyed and watched as she used small padlocks to secure the cuffs on me. "I wanted to put these on before we went into the hotel but decided against it since they know you and you might have to stay there again. Thanks to N.C.I.S., the collar now exudes a fashion statement and isn't as obvious as the wrist cuffs might have been. Had I known Rachel was the receptionist, I wouldn't have worried, but I still wouldn't have exposed your situation fully. I don't see a problem in the mall, though."

"Thank you for your consideration, ma'am."

"I hope you haven't maxed out your credit card, slut. I will be permitting you to use it here."

"No, ma'am. I can proudly say that I have a high limit and I pay the balance off every month."

"Very good. I abhor credit card debt myself."
