 "Like beauty, sexy is in the eye of the beholder. Do you have anything specific in mind?" the sales clerk asked Kelly, totally ignoring me. 

"Well, to be honest, she won't be wearing panties very often, so she only needs a "starter" set. Let's begin with two thongs, two string bikinis that tie at the sides and maybe something lacey," Kelly replied. More embarrassment!

The sales clerk showed us several examples of each style after asking for my size. I attempted to point out those that I liked, but, to my continuing embarrassment, Kelly made the final selections by saying "yes" or "no" to each piece I indicated. Her decision was often "no." One thong and one string bikini she approved were extremely sheer. Kelly then selected a pair of white, satin, boy-leg panties she saw on another rack. 

Switching to other clothing, she picked Three bralettes, two lacy, front closing bras, a satin, unlined bra, two tube tops and five camisoles. Two of the camisoles were semi-sheer and one was a fishnet. Kelly made sure the clerk heard her tell me that the bras were primarily for work. Everything was Victoria's Secrets top-of-the-line-wear. While, as I indicated, I had never purchased expensive lingerie, I was enjoying being "forced" to spend money on myself.

"There is one more item that I know you used to carry," Kelly told the clerk, "a sheer button-down blouse with opaque pockets and long sleeves." 

"Yes, we still have them in several colors," the clerk replied. She took us to a rack of blouses where Kelly picked one in white. "I think this will be perfect, but I want to see it on you first, pet," Kelly said. The clerk pointed out the changing room and I turned to walk over to it. 

"Aren't you coming with me, ma'am?" 

"No, pet, we will wait here for you." 

I was initially upset. My thoughts started to run amuck, "She said she wanted to see me wearing the blouse but wouldn't come with me. I'm wearing a dress, not a blouse and skirt. Thankfully, the top of the dress will cover most of the blouse." I removed the dress, put the blouse on and checked my image in the dressing room mirror. "Holy shit!" I said aloud. "The pockets do cover my tits, but, otherwise, I may as well walk out there naked, holding my hands over them." It barely covered my hips. 

Reality struck me. "Damn, how fucking stupid can I be. I think she wants me to walk out there wearing nothing but this sheer blouse and my sandals, but I can't do that." Then I had an idea. "The way this dress is styled, with the two panels and open sides, the blouse will look perfect with it. The white flowers will be a match in color, too. Kelly just wouldn't be able to see the whole thing. If she says she didn't want me to wear the dress with it, I'll just tell her that I didn't understand."

I exited the changing room and walked over to the alcove where they waited, held my hands up and did a pirouette. Kelly just grinned at me. She knows what I was doing. "Well, pet, I see you misinterpreted my wishes, didn't you? 

"I'm not sure what you mean, ma'am."

"Address me properly, Kimberly Ann." Oh, shit!

"I'm sorry, Mistress. I'm not sure what you mean."

"I said I wanted to see the blouse on you. While they do make a beautiful set, your dress is covering most of it. How can I make a proper decision that way? Lose the dress, pet."

I almost replied, "Here, Mistress?" but common sense prevailed, and I removed the dress and handed it to her.

"Now that's much better. I like it." I was blushing, glad that we weren't in the middle of the store. 

She then asked the sales clerk for her opinion. "I think she looks scrumptious in it. Oops, I mean it looks great on her."

"I agree with both your statements, Val." They had talked while I was changing. The sales clerk's ID said her name was Valery, but she told Kelly to call her Val.

"May I make a suggestion, Kelly?"

"Please do."

"I think the boy-leg panties you picked out would go great with this blouse." I was instructed to put them on and walk around the store. I didn't mind too much. At least my pussy wouldn't be on display.

When I returned Kelly commented, "You're right, Val. They look like a matched set. In fact, while a few people might get upset, I think the coverage is enough that she could legally wear them in a more public setting."

"I agree," Val replied.

"Do you mind if she continues to wear them?"

"Not at all, I can remove the tags after I scan them at checkout." Oh, Mistress, you are turning me into a real slut. 

At the register, Kelly commented, loudly, "Just remember, Kimmy, the panties are only for work; when I permit you to wear them, that is." Ok, that was nearing humiliation. The clerk looked at me and smiled. The temperature of my face increased a thousand degrees. 

She wasn't finished. Next, we hit a Fredericks of Hollywood store in the same mall. While looking at their bras Kelly recommended that I buy one with cut-out holes to expose my nipples and also recommended a shelf bra. Of course, I again accepted the recommendation of my Mistress. 

Just when I thought that would be all, Kelly said I needed some garter belts. She picked three, along with several pair of nylons, two pair of fishnet stockings and three pair of lace top thigh-highs. (I had never worn anything but panty hose in my entire life). 

As we left Kelly said that she loved the sexy clothing that Frederick's sold and informed me that we would be returning for more, once I decided to become hers permanently. I wondered what she knew that I didn't.

We left the mall and drove off. Kelly commented, "I wasn't planning to do all this shopping, pet, but I'm having so much fun I just can't quit. It is quite a turn-on purchasing things for my slave.

"Yea, especially when you aren't spending your own money, Mistress," I laughed.

"I do have one more store that we just have to visit, though. You need a corset. We could have purchased one in the mall, but I know someone who custom makes them, so they fit perfectly." 

The store was a house in what must have been a mixed-use area. The name on the front said, "Foundations Unlimited." The manager, who happened to be a friend of Kelly's, as I later discovered, greeted us as we entered. "Kelly, good to see you again. It's been a while." After they hugged, she added, "And who might this beautiful creature be?"

"This is Kimmy, Margaret. To my delight she has accepted an offer to be my roommate for the next month."

"Kimmy, this is Margaret, a good friend and owner of this establishment."

"Pleased to meet you, ma'am."

"Considering the collar and wrist cuffs, and her outfit, I assume being your "roommate" isn't the only offer she has accepted. I received a call from Allyson earlier. Is Kimmy the..." She stopped when Kelly shook her head, making me wonder what was going on. Now I was really getting flustered over the veiled comments that were being made.

"Well, what can I do for you today?"

"Kimmy needs one of your corsets."

"I'll need to take some measurements, of course. Let's go back to the fitting room."

I dutifully followed and was embarrassed when Margaret asked me to remove clothes. Hesitation got me a slap on the ass from Kelly. "Come on, pet. We don't have all day. Margaret has seen naked women before."

"But not this woman," I thought, although I was nearly naked already. Seconds later, I was standing before the two of them wearing nothing but my collar, cuffs, and sandals. Margaret measured my bust line, ribcage, waist and hips.

Once Margaret finished all the measurements, she turned to Kelly and said, "She is a fine specimen, Kelly." WTF, I'm not some damn lab animal. Or am I? "I love her breasts. May I sample?"

"In actuality, Margaret, since Kimmy is my sub, they are my breasts and Kimmy's tits. Yes, you may sample them." Then to me she said, "Stand and present, Kimmy." I barely hesitated before taking the proper position. I must admit that I was fuming inside as Margaret took her time squeezing my tits and rolling my nipples between her thumb and fingers. This was pure humiliation.

Thank you, Kelly. "I'm glad you finally found someone," she continued. I don't remember ever seeing you with a sub, other than during our communal playtime. 

Well, it's a long story. I'll tell you about it when we have more time. Kelly then ordered me to "stand." While I remained in place, hands behind my back as instructed, they discussed styles of corsets, but I wasn't part of the conversation. I didn't realize there were so many options. What shocked me most was when Margaret asked if Kelly preferred a "waist trimmer." I had no idea what that was. "That would be fantastic. Why don't we make a second one in that style?" Kelly responded. 

"How much reduction would you like?"

"Oh, around five or six inches would be perfect. That will give her a perfect 'hour glass' figure."

"I was hoping you would say that. The reason I asked is that I happen to have one I made special for another client. She and her sub had a falling out, so she decided she didn't want it. It's really a cross between a basic corset and a waist trainer but is not meant for working out while wearing it like trainer are. The size will be perfect for Kimmy and I know you will love it. She lost her fifty percent deposit, of course, so, since you are a special friend, I am willing to sell it to you for half price."

Margaret disappeared, returning in a few minutes with a Victorian style corset, red with black trim, with a lace, ruffled skirt around the bottom. Margaret explained that this one was made with steel stays and had attachments for six garters. It also had a steel, spoon busk which reduced the abdominal bulge that could occur with that much constriction. Margaret told Kelly that its waist size was 20 inches. "Since Kimmy is 25 1/2 inches, this will meet your wishes perfectly." (Ok, so I gained half an inch since I last measured myself.) 

"I think you will really like this one, Kelly. It has an open cup shelf bra like you want, but I added a satin and lace piece that can be folded down to expose her nipples or raised up to cover her exposed breasts. I can make yours the same way." Kelly agreed. "While Kimmy's measurements are almost perfect for it, I can't let you buy it without trying it on first to insure it fits." 

Margaret loosened the laces in the back of the garment and showed me how to close the loop-and-pin front. This style had two sets of laces in the back starting in the center, one lacing up and the other down. Margaret taught me how to self-tighten the two sets of laces, starting in the center of the back and moving to the top and bottom until I had them pulled together as tight as I could. She said that additional tightening was needed to achieve the maximum restriction of my waist, but I would need someone to assist me. That someone, of course, was my Mistress. Margaret gave me a hint to make it easier for Kelly to complete the lacing. I moved to a nearby doorway, grabbed a bar high above my head and sucked in my abdomen so the laces could be tightened until the two sides of the corset touched.

Margaret taught Kelly a few tricks on how to grasp the laces to pull them as tight as possible. Looking into a full-length mirror when they finished, I could see that I my body shape was, in fact, transformed into an "hourglass figure" like Kelly had mentioned. I couldn't believe how much my waist line had been reduced. Margaret asked me if I was experiencing much discomfort. I replied that I was having a little problem breathing. She told me that was normal when one first starts wearing this style corset and that my body would quickly accommodate the reduction in my waist size. You can imagine my chagrin when Margaret said, "Well, Kelly. That's the six inches you want. What do you think?

"She looks simply scrumptious. Hmmm, do you think we could reduce..."

I interrupted her. "Mistress! You aren't considering what I think you are, are you?" 

"Not this time, pet, but soon. I love the lace skirt, Margaret. She could almost wear that out in public." 

I figured she was teasing. The layering in the "skirt," made it opaque, but it barely covered my ass. 

"Let me make a suggestion." Margaret said. "I'll be back in a sec."

She returned and handed me a package. "Put these on, Kimmy."

The package contained a pair of black, opaque, over-the-knee, stockings. Wide, red ribbons tied in a bow at the top to keep them up. "These are also a Victorian style. Add a nice pair of pumps, and I believe you could take her out in public," Margaret said. I cringed at the idea. Kelly just grinned.

Margaret said she would have the second corset (It's colors would be red and black gingham with black lace trim) finished in about a week and asked if there was anything else she could do for us. "Yes, speaking of pumps," Kelly replied, "I noticed your display at the back of the store. When did you start selling shoes?"

"Just last month. They all have four to five-inch heels. Are you interested?"

"Oh, most definitely!" Half an hour later, Kelly had selected two pair for me. One pair were basic black pumps with four-inch heels. The second pair were white, open side pumps also with 4-inch heels but also with straps that buckled around the ankles. The straps came with small padlocks that could be inserted through a metal ring to prevent removal. I literally wobbled when I put on the black pumps and attempted to walk. 

When I paid for everything, Margret "threw in" two pair of black nylons to wear with the corset as a gift. I accepted them even though I had already bought some. While the shoes were priced at what I would call reasonable, the corsets were extremely expensive, in my opinion, even though one was half price. The idea of wearing everything for Kelly thrilled me, so I didn't worry about the cost. Nevertheless, the total, when including the second corset, made a large dent in my credit card. 

Kelly pulled the yellow dress from her purse and handed it to me. "It's time to leave, pet. While I would love to make you wear that corset home, we have more shopping to do. Put this on with your new blouse. I am pleased you wore them together, even though you were testing me. Otherwise I wouldn't have known how great they look together," she laughed.

Next, we stopped at a department store where she selected two pair of dress pants, one gray, one tan, and one pair of tight stretch denim jeans. I tried them on, and she said, "I know there will be occasions when you will need to wear slacks to work. These fit much better across your ass, and, look nicer than the pair you brought with you." Five fitted blouses and five skirts that she thought made me look sexier, but would be acceptable to wear for business, were next on the list. The hems on the skirts ended above the knee, a fashion statement I had never accepted for myself. Again, these were all top of the line clothes. When I indicated that I thought my own clothes looked OK, she replied that, in her opinion, they were simply nondescript and just too long. The new ones would fit my new image better. "I simply cannot have you going to work with those skirts you packed. While you are with me, your knees will never be covered when you wear a skirt or dress."

We were still not finished. I followed Kelly to another skirt rack where she selected a pleated, denim miniskirt, a white, pleated skirt and a blue and green plaid, tartan skirt. All, in my opinion, were too short. Kelly read my mind. "In case you are wondering about the length of these, pet, skirts and dresses that you wear outside of work will not extend below your fingertips when your hands are at your sides. No, I need to restate that a bit. With your hands at your sides, you will need to be able to curl your fingers so they touch your leg under the hem so you are able to easily lift it up." 

I knew this meant that they would not provide much coverage and commented, "Wow, this is the first time I've been really glad that I have long arms." She laughed with me.

The next item she draped over my arm was a beautiful, very expensive, white, belted London Fog raincoat. "I will enjoy seeing you wearing this when we go out, knowing you are naked beneath."

I was surprised when she picked up four bikini-style bralettes which were nothing more than triangles of cotton cloth with string to tie around the neck and back. At least they covered more than the ones the women at Lisa's wore. When I remarked that I thought I would be wearing the ones from Victoria's Secret and Fredericks she replied that those would be worn when I was "dressing up," although a couple could also be worn to work. These, however, would be primarily for work. I realized that the thin material would not provide much cover or support and that my breasts would surely bounce when I walk. "They had similar ones at Victoria's Secret, and I could have had you purchase them there, but didn't."

She picked up three white tank tops, two knit shirts and a white, long sleeve turtle neck sweater. I commented that they were all a size too small. Kelly said she knew that fact and thought they would look great when I was not wearing a bra. I shook my head and smiled. Still not finished, she selected several tunic style tops, handed me one and said that she would wait outside the changing room while I tried it on. I shouldn't have been surprised when she said, "Be sure to remove the dress, pet. I don't want the colors to clash. I almost didn't leave the changing room when I looked in the mirror and realized the tunic barely covered my ass and pubic area. I finally got up enough nerve and walked out. Kelly's only comment was, "Yes, they will be perfect substitutes for a dress when we go out." Perfect posture would be necessary. If I leaned forward at all, I would be exposing everything. 

I was surprised when she walked me to another rack and handed me a pair of lace shorts. "I know the slacks are for work, Kelly, but I never expected a pair of shorts. Doesn't these go against your rule of access to my um...a..."

"MY, cunt?" she whispered.

"Ah, yes."

"Say it, dear. There's no one near us."

"Access to your cunt, Mistress."

"That won't be a problem, pet. Notice the loose legs; and you won't be wearing panties under them. We will also be removing the lining from them."

"Oh!"

She really threw me for a loop when she instructed me to buy a pair of men's white basic-brief style underwear, especially when I was told to ask a clerk for assistance even though I indicated that I could do it by myself. I had to inform the clerk they were for me and to tell her I didn't know what to buy in men's sizes. The clerk asked if I really wanted a pair from the men's department. "We have the same thing in women's styles but without the fly opening."

I don't know what came over me or if I even thought about my reply when I blurted, "I understand that ma'am, however my Mistress specifically ordered me to buy a pair of male briefs. She will be very upset if I buy anything else." I swear the clerk's eyes glanced at my collar then moved her eyes down to the wrist cuffs before looking me directly in the eyes while smiling. Then she looked towards Kelly and asked, "Is she your mistress?" I replied affirmatively. "I'm jealous," she commented before asking if I wanted BVDs or Haynes. I indicated that I really didn't care. She said she liked the look of Haynes. As far as size, she said the sizes of men's briefs based on ranges of one's waist measurement. She handed me a three-pack, which I accepted. I turned to Kelly and asked, "May I have a pair of Men's boxers, too, Mistress?" When she gave her approval, the clerk grinned and suggested a pair in powder blue silk. Kelly approved. 

Kelly then commented that she may as well add a "wife-beater" undershirt. The clerk asked for a size and Kelly said, "Men's small, of course, and in white cotton, please. Oh, hell, you may as well include a pack of sleeveless T-shirts, too." The clerk quickly placed two three-packs on top of my collection. I'm sure she had a few things to tell her friends that night.
