 "I think that is an excellent idea, Kelly. I should have thought of that myself. It will definitely work." My opinion wasn't requested, or needed, of course. In the contract I agreed to be her "personal property." I was beginning to understand what that meant. 

"Then it's settled. Kimmy, you shall treat and obey both Allyson and Sam as you would your Mistress. I already told you that I expect to be delayed arriving home at times. During your training I will not leave you alone here. I will normally ask Allyson or Sam to take my place until I get here. There is an exception to obeying her. When Sam is with either of us in a submissive role, she will normally be your equal. I say normally because there will be times when Allyson or I will order you to obey Sam even though she is being submissive to one of us. When you are submissive to Sam, you will address her as Mistress Samantha."

"Thank you, Mistress. I understand."

"I am sure you feel you should get the same privilege with Sam, but you don't. Maybe you will someday, when you are fully trained, but that will not be until long after your month is up. Besides, if the two of you happened to be alone together, it would be confusing to know who was in charge. Let's just say that Sam has seniority over you in the submissive department."

"Yes, I agree. Thank you, ma'am."

"Just don't embarrass me and forget. The consequences will be severe."

"I promise, Mistress."

"Also remember that you are only my slut, my bitch and my slave. No one else can use those names when referring to you. If they do, you must let me know."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Both Sam and Allyson know my rules for a submissive. In some cases, Allyson has different rules for Sam. If you are in their custody, they know my rules for you will take precedence. I will personally let you know anytime you are to obey one of Allyson's rules that is different. That way you should never be confused. 

"While we are on the subject of rules, I do not normally plan to restrict your speech. I am explaining this to you now, because I want Allyson and Sam to know my desire if I am not around. You are free to say and ask anything you desire at any time, except that you shall not interrupt while one of us is talking unless the building is burning down and you are the only one who knows it. After all that is common courtesy. This will assist you in learning more about being a submissive during your training. 

"There will be times, however that I will forbid any talking. You will know when because I will give you an order with two simple words. "Silence and a slave name or a reference to your status. For example, if I say, 'Silence, slut,' you must not say anything, starting immediately, and I stress anything, unless you are answering a direct question from your Mistress and only your Mistress. The one exception is that you may ask for permission to speak. However, you must wait until permission is granted before saying anything else. In other words, if I invoke this rule of silence on you and someone asks you a question, you will first ask me for permission to answer. This applies no matter where we are or who might hear you ask for permission. Allyson or Sam have my permission to invoke this rule if they find it necessary, but only for a specific reason and for a specific period of time. Do you have any questions about this rule?"

"No, Mistress, I fully understand." Just then Allyson took one of my nipples between her lips and started sucking. "Oh, gawd!" I exclaimed.

"Allyson, quit that right now and cover my slut's tits or we will never make it to the restaurant. And just for the record, Kimberly, even an outburst like that would be forbidden had I ordered silence."

We all chuckled and headed for the door. When I mentioned that I forgot my purse, Kelly looked at me sternly and said, "Did I give you a purse, Kimberly?"

"No, ma'am, you didn't."

"Do you think your Mistress would have given you one if she thought you needed it?"

Feeling rebuked, I answered, "Yes, Mistress, she would have." No additional commentary was necessary.

Allyson's car was a red XK8 Jaguar Convertible and the top was down. I was impressed. Kelly and I sat in the back and held hands. "This is quite a car. May I ask what Allyson's occupation is, ma'am? She obviously couldn't buy this with the money she makes tending bar." I whispered to Kelly.

"You are correct, pet. Working at Lisa's is one of her avocations. She only works there a couple nights a week when a substitute is needed. Her degree is in Computer Science. She teaches full time and does private consulting work on the side. You two have a lot in common. She is also a partner in a business venture unrelated to computers." I was impressed.

To my disappointment, the drive to the restaurant was too short, about half an hour. I felt warm, comfortable and wanted when Kelly put her arm around me and pulled me close. I rested my head on her shoulder and closed my eyes to think about what the future might have in store for me and us. A little more than twenty-four hours ago, I was a one-man woman without a man. Was I now a one-woman woman, owned and maybe in love? It couldn't be possible.

I recognized the name of the restaurant, "The Abbey", as soon as we pulled into the parking lot. I had asked about good local restaurants my first day with my new client and was told that it was the best restaurant in the area, although I had not tried it because it was outside of town. When I remarked that the gray stone building looked quite old, Kelly replied that I was quite observant. Built about one hundred fifty years ago, its name was appropriate because its previous residents were an order of Carmelite nuns that never ventured into the outside world. It had been empty for several years until the current owners purchased it and turned it into a high-class restaurant.

The interior was as elegant and as grand as I felt: excellent décor, antique chandeliers, tablecloths that alternated with white linen and black linen. Black linen napkins were on the white tablecloths and white linin ones on the black tablecloths. All were rolled in silver plated napkin ring. Candles and fresh flowers adorned every table. Male and female servers wore tuxedos. There was just too much to describe. My eyes couldn't stop looking around. I knew the prices would match the décor. I was glad Kelly didn't let me bring my purse. But, then, she kept my credit card.

We were escorted to a small room containing one table that could seat six people. I noticed that similar rooms lined the other three sides of the main dining room. I assumed the rooms had been either prayer rooms or even the living quarters for the nuns, which would have been austere. None of the rooms had doors, but a curtain could be pulled over the open end if the patrons desired more privacy. Allyson recommended that Kelly and I sit on the two seats along the inside wall so we could have a clear view of the dining room. Allyson sat at the end to my right and Sam the end to Kelly's left. The remaining two seats, which backed up to the opening, remained empty. I felt a little giddy and decided to play my role by holding Kelly's chair as she sat down. She smiled and said, "Why thank you, pet. That was very considerate of you."

"You're most welcome, Mistress" then added, "I just assumed it is one of the many duties of your slave." Kelly puckered her lips as if throwing me a kiss. As I sat, she reminded me to not wrinkle my skirt by sitting on it. I gave her a quizzical look. She couldn't be serious. I was wearing a full-length dress. "Oh, well, an order is an order." I started to pull the dress up.

Kelly, laughing, stopped me. "That's OK, slut. I know that dress is too long. I was just testing your obedience quotient."

"Did I pass, Mistress?"

"With flying colors, little one." Then she whispered to me, "But I do want you to pull it up enough to expose your knees once we sit, pet."

Allyson ordered a bottle of Martini and Rossi Asti Spumante as we perused the menus. I recognized it as an excellent brand of sparkling wine and asked what the occasion was. "For the same reason we are dining in all this luxury tonight, Kimmy: to celebrate your submission," she answered. I smiled. "I know that Asti Spumante might not be an expensive champagne, but it is one of my favorites, and I think quite apropos for the occasion."

After a few moments Kelly said, "Well, pet, which dishes look good to you." I named three that I might order. "You may put your menu down now," she said.

When the server returned, she ordered first then gave "her companion's" order to him. He took the order in stride as though it was a normal occurrence for one woman to order for another. At least she had asked for some opinions first, although she hadn't asked which one I preferred. I didn't miss the fact that Sam ordered her own meal.

The Asti Spumante arrived, and a glass was poured for each of us. Allyson stood and proposed a toast. "Kelly and I have known one another since we met in college many years ago. In the interest of propriety, the exact number of years shall remain unspoken. I think I can say, without a doubt, that she is my best friend, and I hope the feeling is mutual." Kelly affirmed her comment and Allyson continued, "She has always been a happy person, but I don't think I've ever noticed the amount of joy in her voice that I heard when she called me this morning. Kelly, I hope you don't mind that I am revealing this to our two slaves, since Kimmy is wearing your collar. Her exact words, Kimmy, were, 'Oh, thank you for sending her over to me last night, Ally. She is so perfect. I hope I get to keep her. "I was absolutely flabbergasted at this revelation. Kelly slid her hand over to grasp mine and squeezed. "So, my toast is, 'May you both have as wonderful a relationship, as friends and as Mistress and slave, that Sam and I have.'" She held her glass to the center of the table and exclaimed, "To you both. Be happy, be kind to one another and enjoy one another to the fullest." I had a tear in my eye as I looked at Kelly and touched my glass to the other three. Suddenly, for one of the few times in my life, I truly felt wanted, AND loved.

For the rest of the meal I learned additional facts about the three of them individually and their wonderful relationship. I also told Allyson and Sam about my background and revealed many of my little secrets. Allyson was surprised that my career was in IT and said that we would have to discuss our careers in detail someday soon. Even with all the personal revelations, I did get the feeling that they were withholding some information from me. Facts I figured that I would learn when I had acquired 'the need-to-know.'

Thinking about Allyson's comment, that she had known Kelly since college, I said, "Mistress Kelly told me that she was a sub to someone during spring break in college. Were you..."

Allyson cut me off, "You very are sharp, Kimmy. Yes, she was my sub. I'm sure Kelly will tell you more about that time in our lives when she is ready." That helped draw some loose ends together. 

At one point in our discussions, Allyson said, "You look nice in a dress, Kelly. I haven't seen you wear one in quite a while."

"You'll probably be seeing me in skirts or dresses often now, except in class that is.

"And may I ask why." Because of the looks on their respective faces, I was sure that Allyson knew exactly why, but asked anyhow, either just to hear her say it, or maybe so I would hear the reason.

"As you know so well, Allyson, I get horny quite easily. I don't want my slave to waste time removing slacks or jeans when she worships her Mistress' Shrine." Everyone laughed at this remark, including me. I had never heard that term, but there was no question as to where her "Shrine" was located. I was ready to worship whenever and wherever she ordered me to do it.

As if knowing my thoughts, Kelly placed her hand on my nylon covered knee and slid it up the inside of my leg and until it contacted the bare flesh north of the nylons. I sighed and whispered, "Ummm, that feels good, Mistress." A couple minutes later, she slipped her fingers under the loose leg of the tap pants and touched my clit. I gasped from the pleasure.

"I'm glad Sam remembered the tap pants, pet. I like them and the loose leg lets me have relatively free access to my cunt." I whispered that I would have gladly removed them if there had been any problem. I was "felt up" several more times during our meal, which was just enough to keep my internal temperature high. Yes. being loved was a wonderful feeling.

Near the end of the meal, Kelly took my hand in hers again and looked intently into my eyes. So, all could hear, she said, "Kimmy, I said that there would be times that I would be humiliating and embarrassing you in public. I would like to start tonight. Do you mind?"

"If I said that I do mind, will you still continue with whatever you have planned?"

"No, I won't. This is your night. I don't want to push you too fast."

"Then I have to make a decision about whether I want to be humiliated or not."

"That is correct, pet."

I lifted her hand to my lips and kissed it softly. "Mistress, you know that my knowledge of D&s is extremely limited, but I am sure it is not a slave's place to question her Mistress. I now feel I must, however. Please forgive me if I am out of line, but during our Q&A when you were trying to give me reasons that I should continue to wear your collar, I remember that you said one of the benefits of submitting to you is that I would not have to make any decision outside of work. Yet this is the second time today you have asked me to make a decision. I don't understand."

" I just think since this is your first day, it is a little early in your training for what I have in mind, and I feel it is best that you agree."

"Mistress, according to our agreement we signed this morning, is your slave permitted to make decisions on her own or not?"

"Well, when you put it that way, no she isn't."

"Then your question is not for your slave to answer, Mistress. You must decide for her and she will have to accept and like whatever you decide. I am sure that my Mistress will recognize my limits and not exceed them. My answer to your question is that I accept whatever my Mistress desires for me."

"Damn, girl, I should punish you for insolence, but I can't because you are correct." Kelly replied.

"Oh, gawd, Kimmy, you're so precious. It is no wonder Kelly wants to keep you," Allyson interjected.

Kelly stared into my eyes for a long time before asking, "You'll make me proud of you, no matter what I tell you to do, won't you, pet?"

"I can only promise to try to do my best, Mistress," I replied while hoping that will be true, "and if I don't, I expect to be punished."

"Allyson, it's getting a little close in here. I think we should partake of dessert at Lisa's."

"I think that is a wonderful idea, Kelly. Dinner is on me. You may buy dessert." 

"May I use the restroom before we go, Mistress Allyson?" asked Sam.

"Yes, you may, dear."

"May I go with her, Mistress Kelly?"

"Yes, but you may only accompany her there, pet."

"Thank you, Mistress."

I walked with Sam to the restroom. Once there, knowing what I intended, Sam waited a few seconds and watched me open the door to a stall. "Ah, Kimmy, I don't think I would do that if I were you."

"You must think I'm going to masturbate or something. Well, I'm not. I'm just need to pee."

"I know that, and so does Kelly. She knows that is why you asked to come with me. Please trust me, Kimmy. I've been doing this a long time now and I've learned to listen closely to what Allyson and Kelly say. You will too. You will also learn to be more specific in your requests." She then explained, "I asked for permission to use the restroom. 'Use the restroom is a phrase' we use to mean I need to pee. We don't like to use that word in public. You simply asked if you could come with me. In reply Kelly stated you could only accompany me. I think you missed the word 'only' when she used it. I didn't. That means you cannot use the facilities. You cannot even wash your hands while you are here. I can almost guarantee she will question you when you return."

"Oh, shit."

"Can't do that either, Kimmy," she chuckled.

"What should I do then? I have to pee."

"You should go back and clarify your request."

"Ok, but I'll wait for you to finish."

"Sounds like a bad decision, love, but it's your bladder that needs emptied."

When we returned, I said to Kelly, "Mistress, when I got to the restroom, I realized that I had not specifically asked for permission to use the facilities."

"And just how did you come to this conclusion, pet?"

"Truthfully, Mistress, Sam brought it to my attention."

"And what did you do."

"Nothing, Mistress, I simply waited for Sam to finish."

"You can thank Sam for saving your ass." I looked over at Sam and mouthed a 'thank you.' "I will give you a chance to thank her properly later."

"Mistress, may I use the restroom now?"

"The word 'use' has many connotations, pet. Are you requesting permission to pee?"

"Yes, Mistress, I am."

"You do not have my permission, pet. It's time to leave. You're just going to have to hold it. Allyson took care of the check while you two were absent."

We arrived at Lisa's Hideaway about eight forty-five. There was a sign on the door to that said they apologize that no reservations would be scheduled after eight PM because of a private party. I commented on it and Allyson said, "Don't worry, Kimmy, since Sam and I work here part time, we have an 'in' with the owner." Little did I know the full extent of their "in." "Besides," she continued, "we are throwing the party." I didn't know about any party. How long were they going to keep me in the dark?

I don't think I mentioned that Lisa's restaurant area held about twelve to fifteen tables and booths. Then there were the seats at the bar and, of course the dance floor and the band stage. It appeared to be nearly full when we entered.

Kelly asked Rebecca, the hostess, how things were going. I thought the conversation that ensued was somewhat strange.

"Not bad, Kelly. We've been full nearly all evening."

"Did you have to refuse many reservations tonight because of the meeting?"

"No. I think most of our regulars know that we close early the first Saturday of the month for our private party, so they book early." 

"How many are here for the meeting?"

"Thirty-six including the four of you, made reservations. All are here except six."

"Thanks, Becca. Please let me know when the last the non-members have departed."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Now I wondered what she meant by members and non-members."

Kelly leaned over and whispered something into Rebecca's ear. Rebecca then said, "Oh wow! Fantastic! I was hoping things would work out. I let everyone know that it was a possibility. An initiation always makes the meeting more interesting, and we haven't had one in a long time." 

We sat at the same table Kelly and I had occupied the previous evening. Tonight it had a "Reserved" card on it. Once again, I held her chair as she sat down. Before I sat, I requested permission to pee.

"Permission denied, pet."

"But Mistress, I really do need to." She just stared at me.

"May I ask you a question, Mistress?"

"You may as long as it isn't impertinent again, pet."

"Would you have permitted me to use the restroom at The Abbey had I asked properly the first time?

"No," she answered smiling.

"Oh," I replied. "And you probably let me accompany Sam because you knew that she would not let me go since I didn't have permission."

"I did make that assumption, pet. I am pleased she came through for me."
