 Recognizing my problem, Kelly knelt beside me and whispered sotto voce. "It's OK, little one. Just relax and you will be able to do it. Attempting to "relax" me, she put her hand on my chest just under my breasts and started rubbing in a circle down to my abdomen and back up again. Her other hand stroked my bare ass. "Come on love," she coaxed. "Let it flow. Let everyone watch you pee in your litter box like the good little pet that you are." Her fingers touched my cunt and I moaned out loud. "See, you are enjoying all of this even though you think you aren't. Come on, pet, let loose. Let it flow." She kept talking to me softly while stroking my back, breasts, abdomen and ass. Her attention was mesmerizing. I didn't realize that she was taking my thoughts away from the humiliating fact that I was being watched by nearly forty women.

It worked. I heard a groan of relief that seemed to come from far, far away, but originated in my own throat, as a small dribble of warm liquid started to drop onto the cat litter. I knew because I had dropped my head to look between my legs. The dribble quickly changed to a steady stream, and then to a gusher of yellow urine. Kelly continued to stroke me with words. "That's it, my beautiful, wonderful pet. I knew you could do it. Pee for your Mistress. Let it all out and you will feel much better." As my bladder emptied, the stream gradually subsided. Kelly slipped her hand between my legs and caught some of the urine. Just as I concluded the most embarrassing moment in my whole life, she presented the wet hand to my lips. With no hesitation her pet kitten's tongue lapped at the warm, salty liquid as if it were nectar from the gods.

I suddenly felt emotionally exhausted and drained and didn't want to move when I heard Kelly say, "Yes, Sam, please. Dry her off." I remained perfectly still while Sam wiped the splatters of urine from the insides of my legs and nylons with a small towel. I nearly had an orgasm when she drew the towel across my cunt.

Kelly helped me to stand, took me into her arms, and kissed me lightly. I started to say something when she pressed her finger to my lips. "Shhhh!" she whispered, "You're new at this pet, so I will help you through the first time, but don't forget you have been commanded to total silence. If you say anything it will disrupt the seraphic state of mind that is required in order to enter the subspace we are seeking for you." She kissed me again. This time was with much more passion. I trembled as I clung to her. She grasped my bare ass, pulling me tightly into her. I laid my head on her shoulder and enjoyed the feel of her stroking my back and my ass, not caring that we were being watched and that I was, essentially, naked. She whispered to me again, "Don't worry, my darling. You are doing great. Just don't forget that I love you, no matter what happens tonight."

When my trembling subsided, somewhat, a few minutes later, she stepped back and said, "One thing that Tabby doesn't have to do is empty her own litter box, but my pet must empty it, because Tabby will want fresh litter. The dumpster is out the back door and across the alley, Kimmy. Sam will walk to the door with you, but you must go outside by yourself. You are now under Sam's control."

"No!" I thought, "She didn't say I could put my clothes back on. How can she expect me to go outside while I'm naked? She just wants to see if I will break silence and ask. I'll wait her out." Then I thought of something. I gestured by swiping my hands over the front of my body from my breasts to hips.

"Nice try, pet. Quit stalling. We don't have time for you to put your clothes on. Besides, it's dark out there. No one will see you. Get your ass moving and dump the tray. Do it NOW!"

"Gawd," I thought, "One minute she is being loving and kind and the next she is being a real bitch. And I'm trying to do my best for her." I picked up the tray and followed Sam to the door. I carefully looked around before I stepped out and realized it had started raining. I also saw that, while it might be night, a bright streetlight, standing next to the dumpster, bathed the alley. It was a normal alley but right at that moment, to me it looked like it was a mile wide. I ran over to the dumpster as fast as I could in my heels, raised the heavy lid with one hand and poured the litter in.

To paraphrase an old adage, I was so concerned about being naked outside, I almost forgot to stop and smell the flowers. I was going to run back across the alley, but the warm summer rain felt so good on my body, I decided to take my time. I looked up into the sky and let the drops fall on my face. Holding the now empty tray in one hand, I spread my arms wide and started to turn around as if I were dancing. "This must be how a nudist feels," I thought. It felt good. A dreamlike, almost surreal feeling swept over me. I wondered if this was part of the 'subspace' Kelly had mentioned. I was quickly awakened from my revelry when I saw the lights of a car that had just turned into the alley. I made a mad dash past Sam and into the open doorway.

Sam and I both started laughing. "You really are one crazy bitch, Kimberly Ann." She knew my middle name. I guess nothing is secret between the 'three musketeers' as I decided to refer to them in my mind. Grabbing my hand, she said, "Come with me, dear. We have to get you ready." 'Ready for what?' I wondered but wasn't permitted to ask. That was probably one of the reasons for the "total silence" command that been invoked. Sam took me into what appeared to be an office where she used a towel to dry me off. I lapped up the attention.

She built me up then knocked me back down when she handed me a large bag. "Fill the box with some clean litter, take it back out to Jennifer then return to me." I was in a daze while crossing to the bar and returning to the office. Every eye in the place followed me in both directions. The only sound in the whole place was the tapping of my heels on the hardwood floor. To quote an old saying, "The silence was deafening."

Back in the office, Sam asked if that was my first time being naked while outside. "It was and I am glad it is dark, but that car approaching scared the crap out of me."

"Did it excite you to almost get caught?" I hesitated a moment, then had to admit that it did, but only after I was safely back in the building.

"I'm naked at home so much, clothes sometimes feel a little confining, especially when I'm working someone, which I don't get to do very often. since I am Allyson's sub. Would you please help me remove my sweater and skirt, Kimmy?"

Of course, I was more than pleased to assist her. In less than a minute she was standing before me in nothing but her collar, corset, nylons and heels. Once again, I found myself looking at a woman with lust in my heart, wondering how I never had this feeling before. Sam obviously felt the same because she put her hand behind my head and pulled my lips to hers. We pressed our bodies together and kissed. Tongues invaded mouths and danced together. It just felt so good. When we broke, she said, "Don't worry, Kelly won't mind. As she said, there is absolutely no jealousy between the three of us, and I have her permission as well as Mistress Allyson's. You will need to tell Kelly, though. I always must give Mistress Allyson all the details about anything that happens between Kelly and me. I hope we can give you good reason so that you will never be jealous of us where Kelly is concerned." I started to tell her that I already knew I wouldn't be, but as soon as I started to say, "Sa..." she silenced me. "Don't say a word, Kimmy. Any command of silence is universal until lifted, and I will have to tell your Mistress if you break it. I just want you to know that I've wanted to kiss you like that all day. I hope that is just a beginning for us.

"Come on, I have to get you prepared. Those women out there won't wait all night. Stand and present." I knew my obedience level was increasing when I automatically spread my legs and interlaced my fingers behind my neck. Sam opened a desk drawer, picked up a key, and removed the padlocks on my shoes, then removed the shoes, but not the garter belt and nylons. The strangeness of this day and evening was increasing by the minute. I stood before Sam nearly naked, and still wearing the ever-present collar. She opened another drawer, removed two sets of leather, fleece-lined cuffs, pulled my arms down from the 'present' position, and quickly locked two cuffs around my wrists, just above my new 'slave' bracelet. The other set went around my nylon-covered ankles. Finally, she locked the wrist cuffs together.

I was told to lie on top of the desk, which was empty except for a large desk calendar. She grasped my hips and pulled until they were at the edge. It didn't take long to find out what she had in mind. She raised my legs, put them over her shoulders and started licking my blood engorged cunt. I cannot explain how good her tongue felt on my flesh. I moaned deeply when she started slipping her tongue in and out of my hot tunnel. Then came a feeling I had never experienced before that same afternoon at Kelly's. She pushed my legs against my chest and started running her tongue over my anal flower. I swear there was another wire connected between it and my clit. What a sensation! In fact, I was disappointed when she stopped.

"I'd really like to fuck you there with my tongue, Kimmy, but you heard Kelly distinctly say that she will be the first to penetrate your ass." She moved back down and concentrated on my cunt a few more seconds then moved to my clit. I nearly climaxed as soon as her oral muscle touched it, but once again I was disappointed when she stopped completely. I was soon looking her in the face. "You are unbelievably wet, Kimmy. I'll bet you are close, aren't you? Nodding won't break silence." I nodded. "Do you want me to make you climax?" I nodded hard. She smiled and teased, "Sorry, not yet. My instructions were to get you close, but not let you climax. 

"Remove the rest of my clothes so I can get you out on the stage. I am sure your audience is getting anxious. Once nude, she pulled a white, gossamer, floor-length gown from the closet and put it on. I watched as she tied a black rope-belt around her waist, leaving the long ends dangling to her knees. I realized that the belt was like the cincture one might see a priestess wear around her waist.

Not another word was spoken to me. She simply locked my wrist cuffs together in front, grasped my elbow, and led me back into the restaurant. Everyone had moved their chairs onto the dance floor, lined in a theater-style setting, facing the stage, now devoid of the band's instruments. I glanced around but didn't see Kelly. Somehow forgetting to tell me that I was going to be the center of attention again, Sam led me onto the stage, stopping about 6 feet in front of an empty chair placed sideways on the stage. I was ordered to kneel facing the chair. My left side faced the audience. Sam moved beside the chair to my right and assumed a "stand" position beside it.

I didn't realize that Kelly had been waiting near the far end of the stage until I saw her starting to walk toward us. My eyes followed her until she stopped directly in front of me. "You don't know how beautiful you look kneeling there, my darling slave. Right now, you are the epitome of submissiveness. Are you turned on?" I nodded. "It's a good thing you didn't fib. Your nipples are hard, and not from being cold, and I am sure my cunt is sopping wet.

"Move closer to me. I want you near my knees," she ordered after sitting on the chair. With six inches between us, she leaned forward, grasped my chin in her hand and said, "At dinner tonight you heard me mention worshiping your Mistress' Shrine. Do you think you know what that meant?" Again, I nodded. "Then do whatever you feel will be necessary to worship my Shrine." With shaking hands still bound, I started to open the buttons of her dress from the hem up to her waist. When finished, I grasped the two sides, slid them off her legs, then slipped my arms between her legs and opened them wide by spreading my elbows. To my surprise and disappointment, I found myself staring at a pair of white, nearly-transparent nylon panties. They were a thong, but I couldn't' tell from my angle. She must have put them on while I was in the office with Sam. 

"Don't look so dismayed, my lovely slave. You will get the opportunity to worship my Shrine later. However, as you will learn, many times you will have to earn the privilege. Since you are going to be doing it in front of my friends, this is one of those times you must earn the privilege by being spanked for my pleasure and for the pleasure of your audience. You will probably feel the need to cry out. That is permitted under the Command of Total Silence. Just do not speak, even to use your safe word."

"Sam, please be Kimmy's mentor and coach for the rest of her initiation."

"I will, Miss Kelly. Thank you." 

"Place yourself over my lap, with your ass facing your audience."

Kelly started by running her hand softly over my bare behind. Her attention made me purr like a little kitten. When I was fully relaxed, she quickly raised the hand and brought it down hard. I did yelp, primarily because of the surprise, even though it did hurt.

"Your ass marks well, my dear. The imprint of my hand is nearly perfect and is a nice color.

I received twenty-four more solid swats with her hand. She worked every square inch of my butt from the bottom curve, which, I later learned, she called the sweet spot, up. After rubbing her hand over the injured surface again, she commented, "And you heat up well, too.

"The hairbrush now, please, Sam."

My Mistress didn't hold back this time either. I was very glad that she had warmed me up with her hand. The crack of the brush on my bare flesh echoed throughout the room. I did cry out each time the brush connected with flesh, glad that she said that wasn't breaking silence. Oh, damn did that brush hurt. I don't know how many times she spanked me, but Kelly quickly got into a rhythm moving from one cheek to the other, striking every couple seconds. 

When tears started streaking my face, Sam knelt and looked into my eyes. "Kimmy, I can honestly say that I know how much you are hurting. You don't realize it now, but you might get to the point when you will look forward to being spanked. I know I do. Just hang in there. You're a real trooper. I know you need to cry. That is permitted." The kiss she gave me helped a little, and so did her tongue flittering into my mouth. I was happy that Kelly didn't order me to count and thank her for each stroke. "Total Silence" is sometimes worth it.

The harsh spanking finally ended. At least I hoped it had. Tears covered my face, streamed down my cheeks, mixed with mucus from my nose, and dripped from my chin. Sam continued to stroke my head and cheeks during my ordeal. She also kept whispering words of encouragement. Finally, it was over.

"In case you didn't count to yourself, or you lost count, pet, you just received fifty smacks with the brush. I know your ass is quite tender and sore now. The pink color left over from the hand spanking has been replaced by a bright red. There will be bruising from the hairbrush. Know that, except for when you are disobedient, that was the worst spanking you will ever receive from me. "Kneel."

Once in position, I had to kiss the back of the brush. After Sam cleaned my face with a damp washcloth and dry towel, Kelly stood and raised the skirt of her dress to her waist. "You may now remove my panties, pet, but only with your mouth" I was pleased that she had made the task easier for me. The thong she was wearing was tied with wide ribbons, in bows, at her sides. All I needed to do was grasp a loose end of each bow with my teeth and pull. When the garment fell to the floor, I was instructed to pick it up in my mouth and give it to Sam. I could smell her essence when I did. It was like an aphrodisiac.

Kelly sat in the chair and spread her legs. Finally, I was given a perfect view of her bare cunt, the pendant and the chain. I was truly disappointed once again when she stopped me just as I was about to lean forward. There was nothing I wanted to do more at that point in time than worship Her Shrine. 

"You may relax, my pet." I misunderstood her command. I sat back on my legs, but I couldn't quite lay my hands on my spread legs and knew she would not mind that I wasn't quite in the proper position. "Don't look so sad. I promise I will give you the command to worship me in a moment. First, I want to explain something." I loved that grin. "I want to be sure you are always able to distinguish between the act of worshipping your Mistress' Shrine and making love to your Mistress. Making love, as the phrase indicates, is an intimate act between two people who care deeply for one another. For the two of us, it will always involve foreplay and will normally be a mutual act, meaning, both of us will usually achieve a climax.

"Worshiping your Mistress' Shrine, on the other hand is an intimate act of veneration of your Mistress. One might say that it is a unilateral act in that your Mistress will be the only one who achieves a climax. It is an action in which you give, and She receives. To insure this distinction is always recognized, you will never reap the reward of sexual climax when you worship in this manner. The pleasure you will receive is that of knowing the pleasure you have given your Mistress. In addition, She will always sit or stand over you and you will always be on your knees, as one should be when one worships. This may not be the case with all Mistresses, but it is with yours.

"You may first kiss my boots, then you may worship me in the manner you so deeply desire," Once I kissed her boots, she spread her legs to permit easy entrance to her Shrine. Listening to her and being able to perform this simple act of adoration increased the high sexual plateau on which I was already riding. Maybe I was entering the subspace she had talked about, I still didn't know. Well, I guess I wouldn't know until I arrived, since I have no idea what it is. Ok, readers, don't laugh at me. 

I didn't even mind consummating this normally private act in front of an audience. In fact, deep down, I was pleased to show them my reverence towards Kelly. Oh, how I had changed in little more than twenty-four hours. The way I felt, I would have worshiped her on the stage at Radio City Music Hall before a full house, if that were legal. At this moment in time and space no one existed except my Mistress as far as I was concerned. It was as she had described. Kelly put her hand on the back of my head and asked, "What did I do to deserve you, little one? You make me so wet." I felt the same as I lapped at her essence.

I could feel her body begin to tense. Tightening the grip she had on my hair, she moaned, "Oh, gawd, yes, this is the way it should always be." I was feeling wonderful that I was going to give her the climax she desired, when she suddenly stopped me by pulling me up by my hair and kissed me.

"You can finish what you started later, my darling slut, but I must be strong and make you stop. We are both riding high and I, for one, need to stay there. If I climax, I may not be able to complete what I want, and need, to do to you tonight." How can I describe the disappointment, mixed with concern, I felt at that instant?

Sam removed the chair from the stage when Kelly stood. "You may now stand and remove your Mistress' dress." I worked on opening the remaining buttons of her dress from the waist up. She turned and I pulled it off her shoulders. "Give it to Sam, and kneel," she ordered when she faced me again. I looked up at her in admiration. The chains connecting her rings added to the radiance I saw. I WAS a slave, not merely a submissive, to this beautiful woman. She had quickly captivated, then captured me, as no male had been able to do. She was not a model or a raving beauty, but then neither was I. Still, she was beautiful, and, to me, at this moment, she was the most beautiful and wonderful woman in the world. I hoped she thinks the same of her slave. Again, I wondered how I could have changed so much overnight. Maybe a submissive streak had always been inside me, as she said. She was the first to recognize it and bring it to the surface.
