 The "garden" was a beautiful rose garden. Picture a row of roses about six feet wide surrounding a large square, grass-covered center that could seat about 50 guests. There was one entrance to the square center of the garden from the outside. A trellis stood at outer edge of the roses. A red carpet covered the walk from the trellis, through the roses and to the far end of the square. Inside the square, chairs had been placed in rows on either side of the carpet. "It looks like a setting for a wedding," I remarked to Sam as we approached the trellis. I learned that Vicki and Dani did use the ranch for weddings. Vicki had received her license as an ordained minister, studying through an online course, so that she would be able to perform services at her ranch. Larger ceremonies were held in a grove of trees, or a large building on the far side of the house.

"If you think about it, Kim, for a submissive, her collaring is similar to marriage. It binds the submissive and her Mistress together. That is why we named ours a Bonding Ceremony. Only legal technicalities differentiate a real wedding and what you are doing. You are willingly and voluntarily giving your life to your Mistress." She didn't know that Kelly had said something very similar. We stopped just before the trellis.

Melissa, standing at the far end of the red carpet, started to speak when she saw us. "Ladies, the newest member of Venus Coitre, Kimberly Ann, has declared her intent to become the permanent slave of one of our founders, Mistress Kelly. Please welcome her." When everyone stood to applaud, someone started singing a capella. Chills went down my spine when I realized Kelly had selected the song from one of several that I had said were my favorites. It was "Love Changes Everything" from Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Aspects of Love."

With her back to me, and my concentrated stare into the center of the garden, I hadn't realized my sister had been standing several feet to the right of the trellis. She turned, walked over to me, held out her arm, and said, "Kimberly Ann, my dear sister and best friend, would you grant me the honor of allowing me to escort you to your future Mistress?" 

Up to this second, I would consider my emotional state as relatively serene. Kassie's words and thoughtfulness to do this for me, caused tears of happiness to form in the corners of my eyes. I could hardly find the words to reply. I simply put my arm through hers and said, "Oh, Kassie, thank you. I love you so much."

"I love you, too, kitten." 

Sam stepped through the trellis and stopped. Just as the soloist started on the last three lines of the first verse, I could tell Kelly was standing in front of, and to Melissa's right. Without my glasses, I couldn't see her clearly, but I knew she was smiling and waiting for me.

"Yes love, love changes everything

Now I tremble at your name

Nothing in the world will ever be the same"

Sam, with Kassie and I following, started walking slowly down the aisle on the red carpet. The song continued and my heartbeat increased.

"Love, love changes everything 

Days are longer, words mean more 

Love, love changes everything 

Pain is deeper than before 

Love will turn your world around 

And that world will last forever 

Yes love, love changes everything 

Brings you glory, brings you shame 

Nothing in the world will ever be the same"

We stopped in front of Melissa. Sam moved to our right. Kelly stepped to my left side.

"Off into the world we go 

Planning futures, shaping years 

Love bursts in and suddenly all our wisdom disappears 

Love makes fools of everyone 

All the rules we made are broken 

Yes love, love changes everyone 

Live or perish in its flame 

Love will never never let you be the same 

Love will never never let you be the same"

I looked at Kelly and could see tears forming in her eyes, too. 

Melissa, as president of the Society, was to perform the ceremony. She started to speak, "Fortunate is the woman who comes to her collaring with the approval and love of her family. Who has the honor of presenting this woman to be collared?"

"I, her sister, affirm and support Kimberly Ann's desires and present her to Kelly be collared as her slave."

I turned to Kassie, hugged her, thanked her, and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. She sat down on the end seat in the front row. Sam moved so she was now beside me. She grasped my hand and squeezed. 

Melissa continued, "Kimberly Ann, you may not have considered this but, your original contract with Kelly is still in force. That is the reason you arrived here in bondage and remained in bondage throughout our picnic. Kelly asked you for an early decision to continue as her slave so that your bonding ceremony could be performed in conjunction with our annual picnic. Thank you for your positive decision. It makes our picnic very special. It is an honor that you want all of us to be a part of your life-changing event."

"In order for the two of you to derive the maximum meaning from your ceremony, it is first necessary for Kelly to release you from that original contract."

Kelly turned towards me. Melissa handed her a metal plate, then handed some papers to me. "Kimberly, is this the contract you signed when you agreed to be Kelly's slave for a month? I said that it was. "Please turn and face your mistress." Melissa took the contract back, gave it to Kelly who held it over the metal plate and touched a corner with a lighted match. Kelly dropped the burning paper onto the plate just before the flames reached her fingers. 

"Kimberly, with your sister and these friends as witnesses, I hereby release you from your contract. As of this moment you are a free woman. You are no longer my slave."

Melissa handed a blindfold to Sam. "Kimberly, you were just told that you are a free woman. If you still want to renew your Mistress/slave relationship with Kelly, you must begin this ceremony by wearing a blindfold. Is it your desire to renew your Mistress/slave relationship with Kelly?

"Yes, ma'am, that is my desire."

"Will you agree to begin the next part of your ceremony by wearing a blindfold?" 

"Yes, ma'am, I will." I replied without questioning the necessity or purpose of the blindfold. Sam placed it over my eyes and tied the strings behind my head. 

I listened to Melissa's voice as she continued speaking, "Members of the Society, as you know from personal experience, the relationship between a Dominant and her submissive is a very special union. A union is so unique, we commonly refer to our submissive as our slave. As Kelly's slave, Kimberly will be able to satisfy all of her submissive needs and desires through unconditional, obsequious service to Kelly, her Mistress. Through her bonding and collaring ceremony, Kimberly demonstrates, to all of us, her willingness to sacrifice herself, and her freedom, both emotionally and physically, to Kelly, knowing that all her needs, will be fulfilled by Kelly's love and reaction to these sacrifices. At the same time, Kelly is mindful of what Kimberly so voluntarily and unselfishly gives to her and is willing to endure.

For the safety of both Mistress Kelly and her slave, our organization has set forth a framework of rules to govern their relationship. Within the guidelines of these rules, Kelly and Kimberly have agreed to sign a compact, to be witnessed by Allyson and Sam, spelling out in detail their understanding of the way their relationship shall be lived as Mistress and slave. Our rules and their declaration will structure Kimberly's life from this day forward. Kelly will be responsible for Kimberly's continued acceptance of this structure and the changes that she knows Kimberly must accept and make in order to transition from her former life as a free woman to the new, highly structured life as a woman owned by Kelly. Kimberly does not enter into this agreement blindly. She has already served as Kelly's slave for several weeks. Like all of us in the Society, Kelly and Kimberly are more than just a Dominant and her submissive. They love each other deeply and are committed to a mutual, caring relationship. As their sisters in the Society, we must remember that we are all responsible for their future welfare and success as Mistress and slave.

"Kimberly, as you dedicate your mind, your body and your life to Mistress Kelly and to Her pleasure, by acceptance of Her collar, remember that to voluntarily and unconditionally give up one's freedom to another is not a new and strange thing. It is a principle that has found its resonances and echoes throughout the ages of human history. However, unlike the involuntary slavery of history, including that of our own country, you are surrendering yourself not to some ideal or cause of another, or for the sake of money or glory. You are surrendering yourself to the warm pleasure of a Mistress; a Mistress whose life will be lifted up to new heights through your love and complete submission; a Mistress whose love will quicken your devotion, a devotion that is already growing inside you like a seed. While your Mistress will attempt to accommodate them, your will and needs no longer matter. Your sole being and existence will now be dedicated exclusively to the needs and pleasure of your Mistress. Your needs will be, first and foremost, fulfilled through satisfying HER needs.

"Kelly, you know that Kimberly has not accepted her new role lightly. In giving herself to you as your submissive and slave, with full rights over her life, she is trusting that you will love and care for her in ways you never imagined. Yes, as your slave Kimberly becomes your property to use as you wish. However, you must never forget that she is a special kind of chattel. She is a delicate living creature you must nurture, feed and water as you would a new rose to insure it will grow to its maximum beauty. You must protect her from all harm to the best of your ability. Unlike the slaves in our country's darkest times, while it appears to be a dichotomy, you must even be willing to sacrifice your life for her if that becomes necessary. Kimberly, by definition, must be willing to do the same for you. With proper care and love your slave will enthusiastically grow strong in her new role, reach her full potential, and make you proud. Remember that all the rights you will have over Kimberly, including the right to punish her for misdeeds or simply for your own pleasure, are voluntarily being given to you by her. It is a gift you cannot accept lightly. I and your sisters in the Society admonish you to not abuse the rights she is giving you so freely and so lovingly. Always remember that Kimberly's own flesh and blood presented her to be collared. Do not exploit the trust Kimberly's sister has placed in you."

Blindfolded, I did not see Melissa nod to Sam. I was so entranced by listening to her words that I jumped when I felt Sam touch my shoulder. "Don't worry, Kim, you cannot wear your gown for the rest of your ceremony. Just follow my directions. I will do everything," Sam said quietly. When she untied the shoulder straps, the dress was loose enough, it simply fell and pooled around my ankles. At Sam's whispered direction, I lifted my feet so she could pick it up.

"Kimberly Ann," Melissa continued, "after you were conceived you grew within your mother's womb for nine months. During that time, you were naked, and your world was in complete darkness. Like then you are again naked, and your world is in complete darkness. What was the first thing you saw when you were expelled from your mother's womb?"

I hesitated a moment while thinking about how to answer. Prompting me to provide the proper response Sam whispered, "Light," into my ear.

"The first thing I saw was light, ma'am."

"That is correct. A newborn infant's eyes must first adjust before she can see anything clearly. However, she can discern light. What do you desire at this moment, Kimberly?"

Prompted by Sam again, I replied, "I desire to see light, ma'am." With a nod from Melissa, Sam removed the blindfold. I was immediately forced to squint because a spotlight was shining on my face.

"As was the situation then, your eyes must now adjust to the light before you can see anything properly. It took longer to have good vision when you were born, but soon you were able to see your new mother clearly." The spotlight dimmed then went out. "You now can see Kelly clearly. Look at her carefully. She will soon be your Mistress, and like your mother was when you were born, she will be the center of your universe." I stared at the beautiful woman beside me and smiled. She took my hands in hers and squeezed.

Melissa continued, "Through the formative years of your life, your mother nurtured and raised you to the best of her ability. As an infant, your participation in the ways she handled these tasks was totally involuntary. Naturally, she probably made mistakes in your rearing and, I am positive that, out of love, you quickly forgave her. As you matured, I am also positive that, like most of us, you rejected some of your training, accepting only what you felt you needed.

"Your mother freed you from the bondage of her womb when her body expelled you. Once again, that was involuntary on your part. Tonight, you are experiencing a new birth. Unlike your original birth, instead of being freed from bondage, you have elected to enter into bondage as a submissive/slave and accept training from your Mistress. Your decision is strictly voluntary. Kelly has offered you the freedom that bondage has to offer by asking you to be her slave and wear her collar. You have agreed to accept her offer with full knowledge and experience of what that will entail. Kelly has accepted the responsibility of nurturing and raising you as her slave to the best of her ability. Your mother was, so to speak, involuntarily forced into this responsibility. This time, unlike with your mother, you will, hopefully, forever remain in bondage as Kelly's slave. Like your mother, Kelly will probably make mistakes. Out of love, you must also forgive her. 

"You both must now, individually, confirm your agreement to be Mistress and slave before our assembled membership. 

"Kimberly, is it your desire to give up your life as a free woman and dedicate your body and your life to Kelly as her submissive/slave?"

"That is my greatest desire, ma'am."

"Have you been coerced, been offered any gift, monetarily or otherwise in return for doing this?"

"Yes, ma'am, I have," I replied.

I heard a rumble of moans go through our audience as if a bomb had dropped.

"I don't know what to say, Kimberly. Our rules strictly forbid compensation, of any type. 

Just what did Kelly offer you?"

"She offered her undying love, ma'am."

Everyone started laughing over my comment. "OK, I guess that fits into the 'otherwise' category of gifts. I guess we didn't plan for that. As president of the Society I can rule that gift as quite acceptable. We can continue with the ceremony.

"As naked as you were the day you entered this world, you shall now dedicate your life to Kelly, who will continue your training in the ways of a slave, and as her submissive partner in life. Are you willing to do this voluntarily and without mental reservation or purpose of evasion.?"

"I am."

"With the members of our Society, and your sister, as witnesses, please affirm your desire to be Kelly's slave by repeating the following after me." (With my heart beating rapidly, I repeated the words as Melissa read them, phrase by phrase):

"To my dear sister (I added the word dear) and to the members of Venus Coterie Society, I solemnly affirm that I desire to be Kelly's slave from this day forward, for the rest of my life, 

"As her slave: 

"I promise to unconditionally obey my Mistress at all times. Her most simple wish will be considered to be my order. I will wholeheartedly seek her pleasure and well-being above all other personal considerations. This will, henceforth, be my primary purpose in life. With this in mind, it is my understanding that She agrees that I should continue gainful employment of my choice and She will not interfere with my employment. 

"I hereby renounce all rights to my own pleasure, comfort, and personal gratification except as She may desire or permit.

"Furthermore, I renounce all rights to privacy or concealment from Her.

"I will strive diligently to remold my body, my habits, and my attitudes in accordance with Her desires. I will seek always to please Her and will gracefully accept criticism and punishment as a means for growth and not a threat of abandonment.

"I understand and agree that any failure to comply fully with Her desires shall be regarded as sufficient cause for any punishment She may deem appropriate, which I understand could be severe so long as She does not inflict permanent harm or injury to my body. 

"I understand that I am to be honest with my Mistress at all times and will always communicate my feelings to Her (even if I perceive that She may not approve). Therefore, I will answer truthfully and completely, to the best of my ability, any and all questions She may ask of me. I understand that no feeling I have can be wrong, and that they may indicate a situation which needs to be addressed. In this regard, I understand that She will not punish me for any opinion given to her honesty, unless it is displayed or communicated in a disrespectful manner. 

"Within the limits of my physical safety and my ability to earn a livelihood, I otherwise unconditionally accept that it is my Mistress's prerogative to do anything She may choose with me, or to me, whether as punishment, for her amusement, or for any other purpose so long as permanent injury is not caused to me or my health.

" I understand that my Mistress has my ultimate physical, mental and spiritual well-being in mind, and I will strive to be worthy of Her pride in all my endeavors.

"I agree that all of my personal assets will be placed in a revocable living trust. My Mistress requires that I not make her a beneficiary of this trust. She shall control my use my assets by approving, in advance, any and every financial expenditure, with the understanding that She will not have signature authority over any account. All of my earnings shall be placed in a trust checking and/or investment account and used to pay my fair share of our living expenses and any bills for expenditures I have made. From these earnings She will provide a reasonable weekly allowance to me that I may use, as I wish, without Her approval or knowledge." 

(Just for information we decided Kelly would not hold my debit and credit cards. She would be reviewing my account information on a regular basis and I knew I would be punished if I made any purchases without approval. Also, the above paragraph was not a part of the Society's recommended vows. Kelly had it added since it was an important part of our compact.)

"Kelly, in accepting Kimberly as your permanent slave, do you, before your peers, their slaves and submissives, and her sister, accept the affirmation she has just given and consent to obey the rules of the Society and your separate agreement with her?"

"I do."

"Do you solemnly promise to maintain a safe, sane and consensual relationship with your slave at all times?"

"I do."

"Do you promise to be honest with her at all times?"

"I do."

"Do you promise to protect her from all harm to the best of your ability?"

"I do."

"Kimberly, please face Kelly, and repeat after me: 

" I, Kimberly Ann, of my own free will and accord, do this day grant you, Kelly full ownership and use of my body and mind without reservation or equivocation. I offer to you all that I am and all that I ever will be for you to love, hold and protect. Ever will I serve you in all things and in all ways. Please accept and love me as your slave."
