 From the ending of chapter 36:

Kassie looked at me and said, "I love you, too, kitten. Your transformation is amazing." Then she asked, "Kelly, do you mind if I remove my clothes while I help kitten?"

"Kassandra, nudity is always acceptable in my house. You never have to ask. Yesterday you asked to see the playroom. I said you couldn't just see it. You would have to experience it. Are you ready to experience our playroom?"

"Yes, but I must admit, with a lot of trepidation, not knowing what that experience will entail."

"You will probably feel more trepidation when you see what is waiting for you in there, Kassandra. I will be in the den, probably reading the paper when you two are finished here."

An hour later Kassie and I knelt before Kelly in the den.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Without even glancing at us, Kelly continued reading the paper for several minutes while we knelt before her waiting. I had explained the proper position to Kassie: legs spread shoulder width, toes touching, body erect, and hands clasped behind the back. Finally, Kelly lowered the paper, glanced at us and said, "You may rest," then she raised the paper and started reading again. 

Kassie, not sure what she should do, looked at me so she could follow my lead. I sat back on my legs, while continuing to hold my back straight, and moved my hands to rest on the top of my legs, palms facing up. I can't speak for Kassie, but I felt wonderful performing this submissive act for my Mistress in front of my sister. Many may not understand my feelings, but each day I am an obsequious and fawning slave to Kelly increases my love for her. While one side of that love is obviously sexual, I also feel I have found my soul mate. I am so pleased that Kassie could be here to see the relationship Kelly and I have. It is much more difficult to discuss and understand such a relationship through a phone call. I now know Kassie is happy for me. Someday I hope my brother will be also. Next to Kelly, they are the most important people in my life.

Time moves slowly when one is doing nothing. Kelly glanced at us again and said, "Kassandra, you are fidgeting. When you are kneeling in my presence, you will remain still." I chuckled to myself thinking that she wouldn't be around long enough to learn everything she needs to know. I was careful not to grin, however. In this situation that would get me into trouble. I was sorry my sister would have to fly home Monday night.

Kelly finally folded the newspaper carefully and laid it on the sofa beside her. "Kassandra, I know why my pet is kneeling before me, but why are you also kneeling?"

"Ah...because I thought that's what you wanted?"

"And, pray tell, what made you think that?"

"Well, when I said I was feeling some trepidation over experiencing your playroom, you said that I would feel more trepidation when I see it. kitten, had told me that one might consider your playroom to be a miniature dungeon."

"I know you are a very intelligent person, Kassandra. How would you define the word, 'experience?' "

"Sort of personally encountering or undergoing something."

"Yes. I felt your fear would be increased because I suspect you have never seen the kind of equipment that might be in a playroom like mine. I know kimmy has already told you that I take her there to satisfy her need for sensuous pain, for erotic play and when she needs to be disciplined. I also suspect that is the real reason you want to see it." Kassie confirmed Kelly's statement. "I felt that you might be alarmed when you first saw my equipment, knowing that kimmy has been in there several times." 

"My original plan for your experience was the 'encountering' part of your definition, not the 'undergoing' part. I was going to demonstrate, with kimmy, some of the things she and I do in our playroom, and maybe have you assist me." By now I should have known Kelly well enough to realize what her plan was, yet I, too, fell for it. I was the lure and Kassie was the fish. Kelly had just set her hook and was reeling in her catch. "However, now that you are offering yourself to me, in such a beautiful, supplicant manner, I am forced to change my strategy."

"kimmy, please get your old collar. I believe it is still in the top of the closet."

"May I stand to go get it, Mistress."

"No, you may not until you get to the closet, of course. Return on your hands and knees. Don't forget the lock."

I crawled back holding the buckle of the collar in my teeth. To make it easier, I had hooked the hasp of the lock through the D-ring but did not close it. "Kassandra, do you remember how kimmy presented and asked for my collar?"

"I did, Kelly."

"Mistake number one, but I will forgive it since I haven't explained the rules to you. You will now address me as Miss Kelly or Ma'am."

"May I change my mind about visiting your playroom, Kelly... I mean Ma'am?"

"No, you may not. You have presented yourself before me in a submissive manner. I expect you to continue as my submissive. Of course, you may embarrass yourself in front of your sister and throw in the towel."

I saw a little tremor move over Kassie and wondered what her reaction will be as Kelly's plan for her progresses. I was watching Kassie instead of looking directly at Kelly but knew that is what my mistress wanted. It is another of the little nuances I picked up while being her slave 24/7.

"You may take the collar from kimmy and present it properly." 

I was overjoyed when my sister raised her arms and held the collar and lock on her upturned palms. "Miss Kelly, would you grant me the pleasure of wearing your collar?"

"Kneel." Kassie remembered the correct position. "Move closer to me." Kelly then asked, "What is your middle name, Kassandra?"

"Barbara, Ma'am."

"I love it. I always wanted my own personal Barbie Doll. But I will just call you barbie when you are wearing my collar." Kelly leaned forward and locked the collar around Kassie's neck. I thought she looked beautiful wearing it. My blood sister was now my sister in submission.

"For clarification, barbie, you are not to address me as mistress at any time. You have not signed a contract with me. Nor do I expect you to, since you are leaving tomorrow night. And what I referred to earlier as an error, really wasn't. You weren't wearing my collar at that point. I was just getting you ready to properly address me. To reiterate, you will always address me as Miss Kelly or ma'am."

"Yes, Miss Kelly. I understand."

"kimmy, please bring your leash from the foyer."

I decided not to request permission to stand this time. I knew that Kelly wanted Kassie to see the extent of my willingness to be obsequious. To Kassie, she said, "barbie, you may rest until my pet returns."

I held the leash in my mouth when I crawled back, then, after kneeling, held it out towards Kelly on top of my palms, but remained silent.

Kelly accepted the leash and turned to Kassie. "barbie, when you wear my collar, you are submissive to me. That means the freedom I gave you as my pet's sister is also suspended. You may only address her as kimmy, unless I give you full or partial control over her. You may then address her as kitten or kimmy, whichever you prefer. To give you full control, I will state, 'barbie, you now have control over kimmy.' You should easily be able recognize when I give you partial of control by what I say or do. Do you have any questions?"

"I do have one, now, Miss Kelly, but may I also ask questions later if I think of any?"

"You may, any time you feel it is necessary. Simply request permission first. What question do you have right now?"

"Even though I am your sub, you are saying that I might be given control of your pet. That sounds as if she would be my sub. I don't understand."

"That is a statement, not a question, but it does require some clarification. Yes, barbie, kimmy would be your submissive under those circumstances. When a mistress permits, a submissive may have her own sub or control another sub. You have already exhibited dominant tendencies over kimmy, so I will probably give you an opportunity to Domme her. Of course, that would probably come naturally for a big sister. A little sister will often ignore you, but as your sub she must obey immediately and without question, or she will be punished."

"Any more questions or clarifications?"

"No, Ma'am. Not at this time." 

"Then, rise and hold out your hands." Kassie's movements were perfect. She even held her hands palms up. Kelly complimented her, "You're a quick learner, just like my pet. Must be in your genes." She placed the leash on Kassie's palms.

It is now time for you to experience our playroom. "Stand, barbie. Walk behind me and bring our pet, using the leash."

Kassie's supercilious grin, as she clipped the leash to my collar, was almost nauseating. Her next action, as she followed Kelly, was absolutely revolting. "Heel, kitten." I crawled behind her.

I was disappointed that I could not see Kassie's face when we entered the playroom, although I did hear her reaction, "Oh, my god, it's amazing." Kelly walked my sister around the room explaining the purpose and use of each piece of equipment. I, of course, continued to crawl at the end of my leash. 

At the end of our "tour," Kelly said, "kimmy, please get two sets of wrist and ankle cuffs and two three-foot spreader bars then prepare yourself and barbie"

While I assembled the required items, Kelly walked Kassie to the center of the room, beneath the ceiling mounted electric winch and told her not to move. I smiled because I knew what was going to happen, so I automatically attached 2 carabiner clips (a total of 8) to the ends of the spreader bars. Kelly, knowing I would not need any additional instructions, walked over to the nearest wall and leaned against it. 

I buckled ankle cuffs on Kassie, asked her to spread her legs then attached the cuffs to the ends of one spreader bar. I was surprised when she did not question me at all when I buckled wrist cuffs on her and attached them to the second spreader bar. I easily attached my ankle cuffs to the bar between Kassie's ankle cuffs then connected one of my wrist cuffs to the end of the other bar. Kelly activated the winch, lowering the cable. I hooked it to the spreader bar then Kelly attached my other wrist cuff. Kelly reversed the winch, pulling the spreader bar just above our heads.

Kelly never wanted me to be able to assume everything she was going to do, and this was no exception. The only thing I knew for a fact was that she had something up her sleeve since she did not raise the bar high enough to stretch us out. She removed something from the equipment shelves, returned to us inserted a double headed dildo gag into Kelly's mouth and buckled the strap around her head. I automatically took the remaining dildo into my mouth and waited for Kelly to fasten the second set of straps behind my head. Kassie's eyes and mine were now mere inches apart and our noses nearly touching. I could see the question marks flying out of her eyes and wondered if she could see the smile in mine.

Finally, Kelly buckled a belt around our waists, pulling our midsections tight together. Now she raised the spreader bar until our arms were stretched above our heads and our toes barely touched the floor. 

Kelly started walking around the room. She was wearing heels and I could hear the click, click, click of them on the floor. Because of the gag she had put into our mouths, I could not move my head around to look at her. I could only see her when she entered my peripheral vision. She stopped a couple times. Curiosity was getting the best of me, wondering what she was doing. Kassie had closed her eyes. I wondered what she was thinking. Suddenly her eyelids flew open and I felt her body jerk. "Oh, barbie, your cunt is already wet. I am pleased the anticipation of what I am doing to do to you has turned you on." Kassie jerked again. "And your ass is sensitive, too. Maybe you want me to play with you there." I could tell Kassie was trying to shake her head back and forth, but the gag prevented it.

It was quiet again for a couple minutes, except for the clicking of Kelly's heels. They stopped somewhere behind Kassie. Kassie closed her eyes once again until three things happened simultaneously. Kassie's eyes flew open, her body jerked, and I heard the familiar sound of a flogger connecting with bare flesh. I could read my sister's eyes. They were asking me, "What the fuck is happening, Sis."

My eyes answered, "You are being flogged, you lucky bitch," but she had no way of interpreting my message. Properly done, the flogger is not meant to cause severe pain. The constant impact of the leather strands against one's body heats the skin, turns it pink, then red, and can eventually hurt, depending on how long the flogging lasts, but it's a good hurt if you are a pain slut. Kelly has flogged me several times. I haven't detailed them in my story, but I have already become Pavlov's dog and was feeling my sex getting wet. For that reason, I was hoping I would be next. 

Because our bodies were being held together by the belt, I could feel as well as hear the thud each time the flogger struck Kassie's back. I was excited and could see Kassie was beginning to feel the same way, even though she was concerned during the first two strokes. When the flogging ceased, Kelly unbuckled both straps of the two-headed dildo gag. We pulled our heads back so she could remove it from our mouths. Neither Kassie or I spoke a word, but she leaned forward and kissed me. Yes, she was as turned on as I was, or maybe even more. 

Kassie started to say, "That was amaz..." Then suddenly shouted, "Oh, my god!"

I didn't understand what was happening until Kelly commented, "Your clit is really sensitive, barbie and your arousal is so obvious. You are so wet you are nearly dripping. Shall I continue?" "Yes! yes! Please!" Knowing Kelly, she would be doing more than simply touching Kassie's pussy. I was sure of it when Kassie gasped and started kissing me again. This time her kiss included her tongue thrusting deep into my mouth. Even though I was connected to Kassie and suspended from the same spreader bar, I was, theoretically, an observer to her flogging. Nevertheless, as I mentioned, I was turned on. I returned Kassie's heated kiss with equal passion.

You need to picture the position I was in. Stand up. Put both arms straight up in the air. Move them and your feet about three feet apart. Imagine your body is being held tight against another person. Your arms and her arms are being held in position by stretcher bars, so you literally cannot move anything but your head and neither can she. She is turned on by a flogging she just received, and someone is fingering her sex bringing her to a climax. Her intense passion is being transferred to you. She is thrusting her tongue into your mouth. You want nothing more than being able to take her into your arms and hug her while returning her demanding kiss. But you can't. You are trying to rub your hips against hers but that is prevented by the belt around your waists. You discover you can move your upper body slightly and start rubbing your hard nipples against her breasts. Do you think you could climax this way? I did.

I didn't know it, but Kelly had started thrusting two fingers into Kassie's sex while rubbing her thumb against her clit. Kassie suddenly climaxed and I came with her. I don't know how, I don't really know why, and I don't care. I only know it was fantastic. I kept kissing my sister until I felt the spreader bar being lowered. 

Kelly released Kassie first. I watched my sister move her arms around loosening the stiffness caused by being hung from the bar for so long. Wondering why Kelly wasn't releasing me, I looked around for her and saw her standing by the wall. I was baffled when I saw her flip the switch to turn the winch on again. It moved up until I could no longer touch the floor with my toes. 

When Kelly felt that Kassie has worked her muscles enough, she clipped her wrist cuffs together behind her back and said, "barbie, I want you to stand about three feet in front of kimmy, facing her with your legs spread your legs apart." She told Kassie to spread her legs even wider until she was satisfied with the distance. 

Kelly walked over to her equipment closet and returned with her short cat 'o nine tails, one that was about two feet long including the handle. It was similar to a flogger except for the knots tied near the end of each of the strands. She stood behind Kassie and swung it upwards between Kassie's legs several times. Kassie gasped, both from the surprise and the sting of the knots striking her clit. My legs automatically reacted, as if I my own pussy was the one that the cat was striking.

Stepping in front of her, Kelly started to attack her clit and pussy again from the front. Kelly didn't hold back, and I was surprised Kassie didn't cry out although I soon saw tears starting to flow down her cheeks. My biggest surprise was when Kassie climaxed. Kelly quickly released Kassie's wrist cuffs and took her into her arms to provide some aftercare, while waiting for Kassie's breathing to return to normal. Kassie rested her head on Kelly's shoulder, put her arms around Kelly, and whispered, "Oh my god, Miss Kelly, that was amazing. Never would I have thought I could climax by having my clit and pussy whipped. Thank you!"

"I can honestly say that the pleasure was all mine, barbie. Welcome to the world of sensuous pain. Now, I have a question for you. Do you remember asking me to grant you a special privilege this morning when I was in the kitchen?" 

I could tell Kassie was thinking about Kelly's question before answering, "Yes, I do remember, Miss Kelly." 

"Does your sister know what you requested?"

I think Kassie was a little embarrassed when she answered, "Yes, ma'am."

"And what was my answer, barbie?"

"You said that I would have to earn the privilege, ma'am."

"Do you still wish to fuck my slave's ass, barbie?"

"Oh, yes, ma'am. More than ever."

"Well, you've almost earned the privilege. Since I own the ass you want to fuck, kimmy doesn't have any choice in my decision, but I do think your sister deserves something in return. I will grant your request if you agree to let her cane you."

Kassie raised her head and looked at Kelly, "Cane me?"

"Yes. You know what that means, don't you?"

"I have heard of it, ma'am. I hope you don't mean the way they punish people in Malaysia."

"It is similar, in theory, but it won't be that severe. I can guarantee there will be pain. There could be bruising, but no permanent damage. Would you like to try one stroke, first?"

Still hanging, arms and legs attached to the spreader bars, feeling my wetness starting to run down my leg, I was silently begging, "Please! Please, Kassie, say yes. I want to cane your ass and then I want you to fuck me." 

Kassie nodded her head. "I put a cane next to the wall behind you. Crawl over to it. Put it in your mouth and crawl over to the spanking bench. Lean over the bench with the crossbar under your stomach and wait for me." She pointed out the spanking bench which was similar to a carpenter's horse but with a padded crossbar. Kelly released me while Kassie was getting the cane and moving into position on the spanking bench.

I knelt beside the bench. Kelly took the cane from Kassie's mouth then walked behind her. "barbie, when someone is here to be spanked, I normally bind their arms and legs to the bench. I am not going to do that for this one stroke. Are you ready?"

"I'm not sure I'll ever be ready for this, ma'am." 

"Good answer," Kelly laughed. Not wanting Kassie to anticipate the timing of the impact, she swung the cane through the air several times until she saw that Kassie was no longer clenching the cheeks of her ass in reaction to the "swish" of the cane through the air. When the cane finally landed, I knew that Kelly did not swing it as hard as she could. 
