 "Is that too tight?" Lucy asked, glancing up from where she knelt at Nikki's feet, tying unfamiliar ice skates for the very first time.

"It seems to be ok, it's not like I really know how tight they should be," Nikki replied, smiling. She took in Lucy's gorgeous features, her high cheekbones, full lips, the sparkle in her eye; and her heart melted. 

"Well if you find your ankle's wobbling when you skate, let me know and we'll tighten them."

"If I make it as far as the ice!" Nikki laughed. Lucy stood up from tying the laces and Nikki allowed her gaze to travel up her legs, clad in a pair of warm, black leggings until their eyes locked again. Lucy held out her hands, offering to pull Nikki to her feet. Nikki gladly seized them and stood uncertainly on the ice skates, pausing for a moment, not wanting to let go of Lucy hands; firstly because she liked holding them and secondly, because she didn't want to go arse up before even getting to the ice!

"There, that's no so bad, is it?" Lucy asked, grinning at Nikki's discomfort.

"Um, no, I guess not," Nikki said nervously.

"Good, time for the ice then." Lucy strode away, pulling on a pair of gloves, leaving Nikki to follow her, torn between gazing at the way the leggings clung beautifully to her tight butt and concentrating enough on what she was doing that she didn't fall over. Lucy paused at the gate to the ice and then stepped down onto its slick surface and glided away, turning in an elegant, lazy loop before coming back to the gate as Nikki made her way there.

"I might just have to kill you for this you know," Nikki said, laughing as she contemplated just how she was going to set about stepping down onto the ice. 

"Naah, you'll be fine," Lucy said. "What's the worst that can happen? Falling on your butt?"

"Hey if I fall on my butt, I might just make you kiss it better!" Nikki laughed. Lucy poked her tongue out in response and held out a hand to assist Nikki as she finally made her way onto the ice. Nikki wobbled uncertainly, clinging to the side of the rink and Lucy's hand to ensure that she remained vertical. 

"Good, you're doing fine!" Lucy encouraged her. Nikki glanced at Lucy, smiling nervously. "Now remember, you push with one skate and glide with the other ... I can't believe that you've never been on roller skates or blades or anything!"

"Hey, where I come from, we just go to the beach," Nikki laughed. Lucy demonstrated what she meant, gliding away from Nikki, leaving her clinging to the wall until Lucy returned. 

"Now you try."

"Not without you holding my hands!" Lucy offered her hands out to Nikki, standing facing towards her. She began to skate backwards, towing Nikki, who wobbled dangerously for a few moments before righting her balance. 

"You need to look at my face, not at your feet," she told Nikki. 

"Well, it sounds like a better proposition, but I don't seem to be able to lift my eyes," Nikki laughed. 

Lucy encouraged her and instructed her and soon Nikki was making tentative attempts at skating on her own, however the instant that Lucy left her on her own in the middle of the ice though, Nikki's arms flailed and windmilled, quickly followed by a hard flop on her butt.

"Fuck!" Nikki said ignominiously, grimacing with pain. Lucy skated over to her and gave her a quick lesson in how to stand up again. "You never told me the ice was so hard!" Nikki complained, rubbing her butt.

"Well I didn't want to put you off coming," Lucy laughed. Again she assisted Nikki to get moving, this time skating in behind her and placing her hands upon Nikki's hips. Nikki was very conscious of the touch on her hips and found her body reacting to its familiarity. "I could keep trying this all day if it meant Lucy touching me", she thought to herself.

A little later, with Lucy holding her hands in front again, Nikki managed to tangle her feet and this time, brought both of the girls down upon the ice, Lucy falling first, Nikki landing on top of her. In falling to the ice, Nikki landed her hand squarely upon Lucy's breast, encased as it was in a white down vest. Even through the thick vest, Nikki could feel the firm shape of Lucy's breast and she allowed her hand to linger there longer than was necessary.

"Um sorry," she muttered, as she moved off of Lucy.

"Oh don't be sorry," Lucy grinned. Nikki glanced around at all the people that were skating past them and around the rink, wondering how they'd react if she bent down and kissed Lucy right there on the ice. She settled for allowing her leg to shift up between Lucy's so that her knee rubbed somewhat firmly against her crotch before she moved to stand up again. She was pleased to note that Lucy made no effort to move away from the contact. Nikki stood up, quickly followed by Lucy, who took her hands again and lead her off around the rink.

An hour or so later, after they'd had enough of the skating, Nikki and Lucy made their way off of the ice and towards the change rooms.

"So did you enjoy it?" Lucy asked Nikki as they unlaced their boots.

"It was fun," Nikki replied, "Not least because of the company that I had." Lucy smiled at her and reached out to push back some of Nikki's errant hair, tucking it behind her ear. Nikki glanced around the change room and confirming that they were alone, bent her head in to Lucy's and kissed her, slipping her tongue between her friend's lips, pleased when it was readily accepted.

"I think I need a shower," Lucy said when the kiss broke apart. 

"Oh really?" Nikki said, arching her brows.

"Uh huh, and I think I might need some help too because there's a spot on my back that I just can't quite seem to wash properly." She stood up and moved toward one of the shower stalls. Nikki didn't need to be invited twice and quickly followed, closing the door behind Lucy.

Lucy removed her white down vest and Nikki pulled Lucy into another kiss before stepping back to watch whilst she removed more of her clothes. Lucy smiled a little shyly and then pulled her white long sleeved top up over her head to reveal a plain black bra. She turned away from Nikki, presenting her butt for inspection as she reached behind to release the bra and let it fall to the ground.

Nikki swam in the vision of Lucy standing there topless, the lines of her back smooth and powerful, her butt nestled deliciously in the tight black leggings. "You really have an amazingly gorgeous butt," Nikki commented as Lucy began to peel the leggings off, revealing a black thong that matched her bra. 

With her hands covering what they could of her breasts, Lucy turned back to face Nikki, who stood entranced as she admired Lucy's body. 

"Hmm, I seem to be stuck," Lucy teased. "I need to get my panties off, but if I move my hands, you'll see my boobies."

"Personally I don't see the problem," Nikki laughed, "But just to help you out, how about I take your panties off for you?"

"Hmm, well that would let me keep my hands here, but then you'd be looking at my pussy."

"And?" giggled Nikki, "Are you going to try and go through this whole shower without me seeing your intimate parts?"

"Well it was a thought, but when you put it like that, probably a silly one," Lucy smiled. She removed her hands from her breasts, the nipples now standing proud and free in the cool air of the change room and Nikki stared as she bent over, pulling her thong down her legs before standing completely naked before Nikki. 

"My God, you are beautiful," Nikki said, all but holding her breath, fearful that if she made a wrong move the vision before her would disappear. Lucy rewarded her with a blush at the compliment. 

"Your turn," Lucy said, stepping back to give Nikki room to undress. Nikki pulled the black sweater that she was wearing up and over her head before doing the same with the long sleeved pink top that she wore beneath it. Then she worked her way out of her jeans until she stood before Lucy in just her underwear, a pair of cotton blue panties with pink hearts on them and a pink bra. "You're not allowed to stop there," Lucy stated, urging Nikki to continue. 

Nikki stood in front of Lucy and quickly shed the bra and panties until she too stood naked. 

"You're prettier than me," Lucy said, stepping closer, halving the distance between them.

"No way, you're perfect and I am but a poor imitation," Nikki said, also stepping forward, but again only halving the distance between them. 

"Nooooo, you are," Lucy said stepping forward until there was only an inch between them, neither girl having made any attempt to touch the other.

Nikki glanced down from the liquid beauty of Lucy's eyes to her nipples and then standing on her toes, leaned in until her own erect nipple brushed against Lucy's. Lucy gasped. Nikki made contact between the opposite nipples and said, "I refuse to argue, because I'm right." And with that she bent her head and took Lucy's left nipple into her mouth, sucking long, slow and lovingly upon it, delighting in the little gasps and moans that Lucy let out in response. Nikki's hand seized Lucy's free breast, and she manipulated it skillfully before swapping her mouth to it and using her other hand to grope the breast she'd released. As she did so, she pushed Lucy backward to the shower until she was leaning up against the wall, knowing she'd reached her goal when Lucy squealed and arched in toward Nikki, a result of the sudden contact with the cold, tiled shower wall. 

Nikki's thigh pressed between Lucy's legs, which parted willingly to accept the pressure that was subsequently applied to her wet pussy. Nikki was excited to feel that Lucy was grinding herself down upon her thigh, her slick pussy leaving a trail of pleasure upon her skin. The two girls kissed passionately.

As they kissed, Nikki reached out and turned the shower on with one hand, the water falling away from their bodies as they tangled their tongues in each other's mouths. Nikki stepped back into the cascading water, tipping her head so that the water ran her hair down her back rather than forward into her face, then she pulled Lucy to her and kissed her again, this time with the water falling over the two of them, running into and out of their mouths and down over the curves of their bodies that were struggling to become one with each other.

The two girls' hands explored each other's bodies liberally, squeezing and fondling breasts and buttocks and teasing at each other's pussy lips without either of them committing to penetration, preferring to build each other's pleasure and expectations. This went on for ages until Nikki couldn't stand it any more. She pushed Lucy back up against the wall of the shower and knelt down before her, running her tongue over Lucy's hairless mound before delving in between her lips to ravage her clit.

Lucy pulled at her nipples and squeezed her breasts as Nikki expertly worked away at her clit. She lifted one leg and placed her foot against the adjacent wall for support, opening herself so that Nikki could fully enjoy her pussy. Nikki ate eagerly of Lucy's pussy, sucking and licking and nibbling, delving deep between her lover's lips and delicately at her clit, all the time listening to the pleasured sounds that escaped Lucy's throat. She slid two fingers into Lucy's pussy, driving them deep as she concentrated on her clit, sucking and licking at it as she forced her fingers deeper and deeper, feeling Lucy's hands as they seized her head and pulled her against her pussy. Lucy cried out, an orgasm ripping through her body. She stood shaking against the wall as Nikki worked her way back up her body, pausing to suck and nibble at her skin.

Lucy pulled Nikki's face to hers, tasting her own juices on Nikki's tongue, devouring it hungrily. 

"Let me wash your hair," Nikki whispered as she picked up a long, thin bottle of shampoo. She pushed Lucy to the floor and drizzled the shampoo all over Lucy's hair before massaging it into her scalp. Lucy moaned pleasurably as Nikki's fingers caressed and probed at her head. She looked up to see Nikki smiling down at her. 

"I can smell you," Lucy said, grinning, reaching out with her finger to stroke Nikki's pussy. She ran her fingers across her lips and the tickled at her clit. Nikki groaned, excited from having made Lucy cum. She leaned back against the wall, her pelvis thrust forward and her legs spread, Lucy's fingers now delving within the folds of her pussy. Before long Lucy had three fingers working into Nikki's pussy and Nikki had her eyes closed as she enjoyed each penetration. 

Lucy glanced down and saw the shampoo bottle, then with a mischievous thought, picked it up. She ran it between Nikki's legs, sliding it across her lips, the cylinder of the bottle sliding perpendicular to the direction of entry to her pussy. Nikki groaned, grinning as she looked down at what Lucy was doing to her. 

Holding Nikki's gaze with her own, Lucy turned the bottle and started to work the bottom of it into her pussy instead of along it. She spread Nikki wide with her fingers and moved the bottle first one way and then the other until she had the whole cylinder starting to slide inside her. With a little pressure an inch slid inside, then a second and third and then Lucy pulled on it, watching Nikki's lips cling to the surface as it slid almost out of her. 

Then she pushed it back in, deeper and deeper until she heard Nikki gasp, then she started to fuck Nikki with the bottle, in and out, in and out. Nikki was pushing back against each thrust of the shampoo bottle into her pussy and then Lucy leant forward with it deep inside of her and flicked Nikki's clit with her tongue. Nikki was so excited that it sent her over the edge, plunging her into an orgasm. She slid down the wall, her legs shaking and failing to fully support her until she and Lucy were both on the floor of the shower. 

"I think you can wash the shampoo out now," Nikki said, her hair now plastered over her face as she smiled cheekily at Lucy.

The two girls finished washing each other and finally stepped back out of the shower. 

They moved from the stall and back into the change rooms, where they dressed. As they stood before the mirror, applying make up, Nikki said to Lucy, "Want me to brush your hair?"

"Sure, " Lucy smiled back at her and Nikki moved in behind Lucy, stroking her brush through her hair. Lucy was wearing a short skirt now and Nikki alternated between brushing Lucy's hair and sliding her hand beneath her skirt to feel the smooth firm curve of her buttocks, Lucy swatting at her hand and looking around wildly every time, checking if anyone had entered the rooms. 

"I should sit you on the counter and eat your pussy again," Nikki teased, whispering in Lucy's ear. 

"Yes, well maybe if I knew no one was about to walk in, I'd let you," Lucy said back. Nikki slipped her hand in between Lucy's legs and worked her fingers against Lucy's pussy, pushing aside the black thong that she was now wearing. Lucy moaned and briefly parted her legs before clamping them back together, trapping Nikki's hand. Nikki just held still, wiggling her fingers slightly until she heard someone coming. Then she pulled her hand from between Lucy's legs. When Lucy looked back over her shoulder, blushing, Nikki sucked on her fingers, slurping Lucy's juices into her mouth. 

Nikki went back to brushing Lucy's hair until the person that walked in was in the shower. Then she slid the handle of the hair brush that she was using between Lucy's legs, rubbing it against her lips, 

Lucy moaned at the contact, feeling the hard handle push her thong against her pussy, threatening to push it between her lips. Nikki wasn't going to have that happen though and deftly slipped the thong to one side as she slid the handle of the hair brush into Lucy's pussy. 

Lucy gasped at the sudden penetration, feeling the hard plastic handle slip easily into her wet pussy. She placed her hands on the sink in front of her and leaned forward, Nikki thrusting the brush handle deeper into her pussy. 

"Oh fuck you're so bad Nikki," Lucy said as Nikki slid the brush in and out of her pussy time and time again.

"It's why you love me, remember?" Nikki grinned. Then she knelt down behind Lucy, flipping up her skirt so that she could see the brush handle as it disappeared inside her. She reached around Lucy's leg and fingered her clit as she worked the brush, surprising Lucy and eliciting a shocked moan. She kept working it and working it and then finally pulled one last surprise on Lucy, lowering her tongue to Lucy's butt and running it around her anus, flicking it across and around and across again. 

Lucy came hard, the pressure on her clit and the stimulation of her pussy and anus too much for her to take for long. As Lucy came, Nikki realized that she could hear the door to the shower opening behind them and quickly stood up, flipping Lucy's skirt down. Lucy clamped her legs together. Nikki had left the handle of the brush buried in her pussy and she was straining to keep it there.

The woman who'd come off the ice walked over and spent a minute fixing her make up before heading off again. As she finally walked out of the change room, Lucy relaxed and the hair brush fell to the floor with a clatter, causing her to turn back to see what the noise was. Nikki bent over and picked up the brush, noting the glistening sheen of Lucy's cum all over it.

"I owe you big time for that," Lucy said to Nikki. 

"mmm, sounds fine to me,: Nikki said .

"When you least expect it," was all that Lucy said, adding an evil laugh for effect. The two girls giggled and gathered their stuff before heading off to Lucy's place.