 I was attending a seminar over the weekend, along with a woman from one of our satellite offices. I had never really had much contact with her but knew her from staff meetings. Andrea was a very tall leggy blonde, and though she wasn't large on top, she seemed to have nice breasts. She was extremely attractive and her hair was quite long, almost the big, Dallas style. I guessed her age about mid-thirties, and wore a wedding ring and a big diamond to go with it.

As we checked in at the desk, the young man assisting us asked "Would you ladies like a king or two doubles?"

We looked at each other and I spoke up "A king would be fine!" As I said it, I felt a twinge in my nether region, perhaps anticipating Andrea might be a little adventurous.

We got our keys and took the elevator to our room. Large and exquisite, it was almost sensual in a Feng-shui sort of way. We quickly unpacked and Andrea got on her laptop to check mail.

"Anything important?" I asked.

"Just a note from hubby telling me to have fun." She said.

"Let's go down and have a drink, maybe some appetizers in the bar." I suggested.

"Sounds great!" 

On the way down to the bar, we stopped by the pool area. In addition to the pool, there was a Jacuzzi and a sauna.

"I'll be hitting this later!" she said with excitement.

"I'll be right along side!" I replied, feeling another twinge below.

We went in the bar and were quickly seated at a small couch group near a fire pit. It was very cozy, just perfect for conversation. The waitress came over and gave us a smile.

"What can I get for you ladies?" she asked.

I looked at Andrea who shrugged.

"How about a good bottle of Cab?" I asked.

"How good?" the waitress quizzed.

"How about Sterling "Reserve"? "That's good!" she said, knowing she would probably get a nice tip!

"Expensive?" Andrea asked.

"On me!" I said. Worth it!"

Our waitress returned with the bottle and two glasses. She pulled the cork and poured a splash in each of our glasses. We tasted together and I nodded approval.

"Like it?"

"Love it!" Andrea replied.

We slowly sipped our wine and made pleasant conversation for over an hour before our waitress returned.

"Any appetizers" she asked.

"Surprise us!" Andrea chimed. "I'm in the mood for something different!"

There went that twinge again and this time I could tell my panties dampened. 

By the time the appetizers arrived, we were both hungry and had a definite buzz going.

Some rumaki, a few slices of tuna, and something I wasn't quite sure what it was were displayed on what can only be described as a picturesque portrait was delivered in front of us.

"That is absolutely gorgeous!" Andrea bubbled.

"And tastes great!" I added as I bit into the tuna.

It wasn't long before we devoured the entire dish, and were about ready to start on the porcelain. Didn't seem like the type of bar to lick the plate in, but it was sure tempting.

We spent another hour enjoying the bar while finishing the wine, and just having a great conversation about what kind of people were in the bar. Obviously a lot were there for the conference and a lot of salesmen were on the prowl.

"Time to go!" she said. "It's nearly nine and we have to be at the conference at seven."

"You're right!" I said and signed the bill to the room. "Don't worry! I won't charge that to the office! They'd have a stroke!"

"She laughed and asked "Do I look worried?"

"Just a little tipsy!" I laughed.

"Wine went right upstairs!" she giggled.

We made it back to the room without any incident and opened the door. The maid had been there and turned down each side of the bed, leaving a chocolate on each pillow.

"Isn't that romantic? Andrea giggled again.

I went into the bathroom and pulled off my clothes, brushed my teeth and walked back into the bedroom. Andrea was flipping through channels looking for something to watch.

She looked at me and said "My turn!" and left the room.

I had slid into bed and now was wearing nothing but my soggy panties. She finished in the bathroom and returned wearing a long tee shirt. Her nipples were poking through the material and I could see the outline of a pair of red bikinis underneath the tee. 

"Find anything good?" she asked as she crawled into bed.

"Not a thing!" I replied.

"How about a movie?"

"You pick it!"

She flipped to the menu and said "Action, adventure, or adult?"

"Whatever!"

She clicked on the adult section and gave a little gasp. "Interesting titles?"

"Doesn't matter to me, I like them all!" I said with a grin.

We both laughed at that and she added "We like a good movie every now and then at home! Sorta spices up the night!"

"It certainly can have that effect!" I said settling in under the covers.

"Love Bunnies.....that OK?"

I just nodded but creamed my panties a little more, knowing it was an all-girl movie.

"We better pay for this separately off the bill or we could get in trouble, huh" she said with a little laugh.

"Probably a good idea!"

She clicked the movie on and two nasty young ladies were getting started on that number we all enjoy. Immediately my hand went down to the top of my panties and then slowly a little further so that my fingers were resting on my dampened crotch.

Andrea was intently watching the two girls as I slowly began twirling my fingers around the wet spot, increasing the dampness. I was very careful not to show any outward sign that I was already jilling myself to a quick orgasm. The girls were locked in a very tight sixty-nine; the girl on top had her face completely buried in the others crotch as I let out a small sigh. 

Andrea looked over at me and then quickly back to the movie. I slid two fingers inside my bikini and into my swollen vagina. I didn't even mess with my clit as the feelings of my fingers going inside me were enough to put me over the edge. Another sigh escaped my lips and Andrea looked over once more.

I giggled a little and said "That's one!"

She blushed a bit and asked "Were you masturbating?"

I know you're not supposed to answer a question with a question but I asked "You're not?"

She blushed a bit more and stated "I was thinking about it!" with a giggle.

I pulled my covers down, exposing my swollen breasts and my very wet panties and went back to watching the movie.

"I'm ready to continue!" I came back.

I now let my one hand roam freely over the sopping crotch as my other started massaging my breasts and pinching my nipples. Andrea was now paying more attention to me than the movie and her nipples were nearly poking through her tee.

"You can take that tee shirt off you know!" I told her with a little laugh. 

She blushed again and slowly sat up and pulled it over her head. Her breasts were about the same size as mine and she had two of the prettiest nipples I've ever seen. She then lay back down and turned a little on her side to watch me. She had bent her knee a bit and her crotch was exposed toward me. I could see a small spot on those red knickers that gave it away she was getting into it.

"You can touch it you know!" I told her.

The girl sure knew how to blush and turned a dark pink. "I've never done this before, not even in front of my husband!" she stammered.

I stopped fingering myself and got up on one elbow.

"I want to watch you cum!" I almost demanded.

Andrea lay back down on the bed and seemingly resigned herself to the task of achieving orgasm with me watching. She began squeezing both breasts, pinching her nipples and just closing her eyes. Little mewing sounds emanated from her lips and I could tell she was now getting into it.

The longer she played with her breast, the deeper and wider the spot on her crotch became. The movie continued, but all either of us could decipher was the sound of the girls having wet, sloppy sex, real or imagined.

Andrea continued to squeeze her breast, now with just one hand as she slid her other down to her panties. As her fingers touched the sopping crotch she let out a low moan as she felt how wet she was.

"Soaked, huh?" I asked.

She opened her eyes for a second and giggled "Uh huh!" 

Her eyes closed again and she began working circles around her clit; at first moving slowly then picking up the pace. Her breath came in short gasps as she approached her goal.

I quickly slid my soaking panties down my legs and grabbed them with my hand, rolling them up so that the sticky crotch was exposed. Closer and closer she got, her breath was now in irregular pants as she neared orgasm. 

She pulled her hand up and stuck two fingers inside her panties and into her hole. A moan escaped her as her fingers slid inside and she began to hump against her hand.

I knew she was close and took the opportunity to bring my panty wrapped hand to just above her panting mouth. Her eyes still tightly shut, her mouth wide open, she went over the edge into a shuddering climax.

I stuffed the juice soaked panties into her mouth as she came. I was rewarded by her mouth clamping shut over the exposed crotch and her sucking for dear life on my nasty wet panties, whimpering and groaning as she sucked the juice from them. Her breath finally became a little more even, her shuddering had stopped, but her eyes remained shut as she continued to suck my panties. When she finally stopped and opened her eyes, she laughed a little and continued to lick as I slowly extracted them from her mouth.

She grabbed my hand and pulled them back, not wanting to let them go just yet. Back in her mouth they went, sucking the crotch heartily.

Finally she released her grip on my hand and I sat back.

"That was nothing short of incredible!" she giggled as she fanned her crotch. "It must have been your panties in my mouth!"

"Like that little trick?" I grinned

"Total shock!" She laughed again. 

About that time, the movie ended.

"Early day tomorrow!" I said as I set the alarm for 6AM. Better get some sleep!"

I turned off the television and the light by the bed and closed my eyes. Thoughts drifted to possibilities for the next night. 

Andrea's thoughts must have been similar because she leaned over and kissed me gently, my taste still on her lips and said "Thank you!"

I didn't reply but just smile to myself "Wait until tomorrow night, girl!"

The next thing I heard was the alarm letting us know it was time to get up. As we got showered and ready for the day, not a word was said about the previous night, but I could sense electricity between us. She had decided she wanted more, something that she had never experience before, and something that I felt was inevitable from the moment we checked in.

The day went by slowly and the first chance we had to get together was lunch.

"How was your seminar?" I asked as she approached.

She rolled her eyes and said "Boring!"

"Mine too!"

"Want to cut the afternoon"

I just grabbed her by the arm and we headed to the bar.

Two glasses of wine later; we were headed back to the room to change to go shopping.

Shopping would have to wait. 

As soon as we got in the room, she pinned me against the wall and planted a deep kiss on my lips, tongue probing as I responded.

I slid my hand up the back of her sweater and unfastened her bra.

"That was quick!" she laughed.

I hurriedly slid my hand around front and tweaked her hardening nipple.

"So was that! Have they been that way all morning?"

She just nodded and stepped back from me, pulling her sweater over her head and then falling back on the bed. She kicked off her heels and slid her slacks down kicking them into a pile on the floor.

Now, wearing nothing but a pair of black lace panties, she began slowly rolling them down, exposing her beautiful mound. 

"You like it shaved?" she asked coyly.

I didn't say a word but just pulled her panties off and threw them into the air.

I knelt in front of her and spread her legs widely, burying my face in her womanness.

I inhaled the musky aroma of her sex, spreading her lips gently apart, releasing the sticky wetness from her profusely lubricating vagina.

I dipped my tongue into her, tasting the salty tanginess from deep within. She grabbed tightly to the back of my head, forcing my face tighter against her wetness.

I swabbed my tongue until I could reach no deeper, then brought it back out, running small circles around her clit. She arched her back and began humping against my mouth, trying to swallow me with her sex. She tasted wonderful, filling my mouth with her sticky nectar at each swab of my tongue. I could hear her breathing becoming short and raspy as she bucked harder and harder against me.

"Fuck me, fuck with your tongue you nasty girl. Make me come, make me come with your mouth!

The words coming out of her did nothing but reaffirm that she had some pent up sexuality that was being unleashed on me. I remembered the first orgasm a woman gave me and smiled to myself as I dove deeper into her with my tongue. 

The words came more frequently now, but were garbled as she squeezed my head between her thighs, unrelenting in her grip on me. I knew this was her first experience with a woman, and I was going to make sure it would not be her last. Husbands appreciate that.

A wail came from her and I thought she screamed she was coming. Her vaginal walls contracted rapidly against my tongue and her lubrication became more intense as she forced herself tighter onto my mouth. She shuddered several times and then relaxed her death grip on my head. She was totally out of breath and giggling uncontrolably as I stopped licking her.

I remained on my knees in front of her until she became coherent.

She sat up a bit and got to her elbows and looked down at me. My face was a slippery mess and I just sat there licking my lips.

"That was for stuffing your panties in my mouth last night! See what you started?" she giggled.

"First Woman?"

"How did you know?"

"Experience!"

"I've never had a man eat me like that!"

"That's the same thing I said!" I laughed. "I just do what I like to have done!"

"I guess you'd like me to reciprocate?" she asked knowing what my response would be.

I stood up and removed my slacks and top, then unfastened my bra and let it fall to the floor. My nipples were like erasers as I stood there looking down at her. 

"You look a bit damp!" she laughed as she pointed at my crotch.

I moved around the side of the bed and got up on my knees, grabbing the headboard with both hands.

Turning around I said "Come and get it!" letting go with one hand and patting the pillow I was straddling. 

Andrea got on the bed and slid between my spread legs, I could feel her hot breath on my thighs as she positioned her face below my crotch. 

"You leaving these on?" she asked, tapping on the crotch of my panties.

"Your call!" "For now, OK. We'll just have to wait and see!" she giggled.

She began running a finger slowly up and down my crotch, forcing the material into my slit. I shuddered a bit and rocked back.

"Am I doing it right?"

Mmmm!" was my only response.

Five minutes of teasing and my previously wet panties were now saturated.

I felt her fingers leave my crotch, only to be replaced by Andrea's tongue. Her warm breath heightened my response and I lowered my backside a bit and forced her to probe deeper. The soft material slid easily inside me, forced deeper by her probing tongue.

I could here her making low mewing sounds as she serviced me very gently. It appeared she was enjoying her first pussy as much as I was enjoying her face.

Her tongue began moving in large circles, straining to probe deeper into my sopping hole.

Just when I thought my panties were going to rip from her probing she stopped. I let out a small groan thinking she was finished but instead she pulled my panties aside and inserted her tongue deep into me. 

I felt her lips close over mine and her tongue begin swabbing my deepest passages.

"Suck me baby! Suck my pussy!" I whispered coarsely."

Andrea wasted no time in putting suction on my lips as her tongue continued to vibrate my inner walls. I could feel her swallow as my copious lubrication flowed into her mouth.

I felt my orgasm building and knew I was not going to last much longer.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, baby. Suck me!" I mumbled over and over as I approached climax.

Andrea sucked harder on my womanhood as I stiffened and shuddered. I felt my walls start to contract in what I would have to call a gut wrenching orgasm.

I wailed as I went over, grinding against her face.

I finally stopped spasming and she held fast to me. Finally I could not take any more on my sensitive parts and pulled off. I got myself down onto a pillow and sat down.

Andrea rolled over and looked up at me with a big grin on her sticky face. "Did I do good?" she asked.

All I could do was nod.

I got up from the bed and announced "Going shopping for a bit!"

Andrea just waved her hand and lay back down.

"If you want some good reading while I'm out, just go to Literotica.com and look up Coyotegirl69. Some stories you might enjoy reading. I'll be back in a couple of hours in time for "Happy Hour" in the bar!"

"Enjoy!" was all she replied.

I didn't bother to shower and just threw on a pair of jeans and a top and then, out the door.

I spent a couple of hours drifting from shop to shop on the Riverwalk before making my way back to the hotel. It was still early so I went up to the room. I opened the door and hollered "Are you decent?"

A laugh and then a reply "I am, but you're sure not!"

"Liked the stories, huh?"

"They're all true, aren't they?"

"I just nodded and replied "Stranger than fiction!"

"Want to take a shower and go to the bar? We'll discuss it further there!" she grinned.

I stripped out of my clothes and Andrea removed her panties as she joined me in the shower. We didn't really speck in the shower, but just cleaned up, washed our hair and got out.

As we were standing in front of the mirror she quizzed "Lasered it huh?" pointing at my nether region.

"5 years ago and Robin only had to repeat it once!" Burned a little, but smooth as silk ever since. Sure beats the alternative!"

"Well it looks fantastic!"

"My husband and a few girlfriends think so."

As we dried our hair I kept looking at Andrea's rock hard nipples and finally commented. "You cold?"

"She tweaked them and responded "Not at all. I'm still horny from reading your stories!"

"That's what they're supposed to cause!"

We walked out of the bathroom together and I handed her one of the bags I had purchased.

She opened it and pulled out a sexy pair of boy shorts and camisole.

Smiling she said "Thank you, but why?"

"Wanted you to feel sexy in the bar, and nothing does it better than great underwear. Try not to get them too wet!" I laughed.

"They'll be wet as soon as I put them on!"

She put the set on and admired herself in the mirror. "They do look good!"

We got dressed and put a little makeup on and headed down to the lobby bar. Happy hour was just starting and the bar had not filled up yet. We found a couple of arm chairs and small low table in a corner and sat down.

The waitress that had been there the night before came over and asked our pleasure.

'We'll have the same as last night.......if that's alright with you?" I asked.

"That's pretty expensive wine!" Andrea replied.

"We're worth it!"

She quickly brought us a bottle and opened it at the table for us. I pointed to Andrea's glass to have her get the first taste.

"Do you approve?" our waitress asked.

"It's lovely!" Andrea said with a smile.

"Are you celebrating something?"

"Yes, the conference being over and our last night in town!" Andrea laughed.

With two half full glasses I toasted. "To our last night............here!"
