 Tonight is girls' night in. I've been looking forward to this night forever, it seems. I'll have you all to myself for at least four hours, hopefully more. Dinner is simmering on the stove and the aroma of Mexican spices floats throughout the house. The doorbell rings and I rush to greet you. You're adorable, all bundled up to ward off the cold, and my breath catches when you smile at me. 

"Hey! Get in here," I say, as I hold the door open for you. You step in, brushing against me. Even the slightest touch has my nipples hardening.

"Thanks," you say as you start pulling off your gloves. 

I close the door, then turn to you. I pull down your jacket's zipper and spin you around with a nudge to your shoulder. My fingers glide down your arms as I slide the jacket off of you. After hanging up your jacket, we head to the kitchen. 

We enjoy dinner and good conversation. It's always so easy with you, easy to be myself and just stop worrying about everything. I could sit and talk with you for hours. But dinner eventually ends and we carry our dishes to the sink. Even a mundane activity, like cleaning up after dinner, is fun with you. The last dish is loaded in the washer and I close it and start it. You're leaning against the counter and look into my eyes. 

"Come here," you whisper and tug on my shirt. 

I stand in front of you, only millimeters between us. You'd think I wouldn't be nervous anymore, but I can't help it. I know how your lips feel against mine, so soft yet demanding, and the anticipation is incredible. I reach up and caress your cheek with the back of my hand. Both hands run through you hair as I feel your rest your hands on my hips. I circle one arm around your neck, pull you closer, and run my fingertips across your lips. Your hands slide around and cup my ass, pulling me against you, as you kiss me; gentle, the tip of your tongue teasing my lips. I open to you, so hot and so eager. The tantalizing sensation of your tongue on mine sends electrical charges through my body. I've got to calm down before I orgasm from just a kiss.

"Come on, we've got a movie to watch," I say as I pull away from you. 

I take your hand and lead you into the den. I keep the house chilly, but I've turned on the fireplace insert for a little heat. There's a blanket draped over the couch, just in case. We get comfortable, sitting side by side, and start the movie. It's one of those silly, "B" horror movies that we like to laugh at. I let the footrest up and we stretch out. Your hand rests on my leg, your fingers making little movements on my thigh. You can't know, well maybe you do know, how much you turn me on. All I can think of is how it will feel when we're finally skin to skin and doing incredibly naughty things to one another.

You move and I feel cold without your body heat against me. Reaching out, you grab a throw pillow and put it on my lap. After pulling the blanket down, you lay back on the couch, your head resting on the pillow, and cover up. 

"Would you like part of the blanket?" you ask me.

"No thanks. I'm warm enough," I answer and smile down at you as I play with your hair.

With my left hand running through your hair, I rest my right on your upper chest. I'm trying to be good, but I really don't know why. So I slowly move my hand lower and begin lazy figure 8's around your tits. I don't touch your nipples, not yet. I just enjoy watching them harden against the fabric of your shirt and feeling your chest rising and falling as your breathing gets a little faster. You close your eyes, the movie forgotten. All I can see is you. My fingers trace a spiral to the peaks of your tits, then rub gently across your nipples.

"Mmmm," you moan. "That feels nice."

I cup one tit, then the other, pinching your nipples, alternating between the two glorious mounds that I've been dreaming of getting my mouth on. I can't take this fabric anymore. I want to see what I'm playing with. I want to feel your skin. I put the footrest down and gently get up, coming to my knees beside the couch. 

"Sit up for a minute," I tell you.

I pull your shirt up and you lift your arms. I suck in my breath as your tits are revealed. I resist the urge to attack and finish taking your shirt off, quickly followed by your bra. I push you back and enjoy the sight before me. Both hands begin to roam over your arms, your stomach, your tits. I want to explore every inch, but I can't resist for long. I lean down and run my tongue over one of your hard nipples. When your breath hisses in, I'm lost. I close my lips around the beautiful, rosy nub, and I suck greedily. I massage and play with your other, then alternate my worshiping. When I feel your hands in my hair, pulling my head against you harder, I moan with you.

I sit back and pull the blanket off of you completely. I unbutton your jeans and you lift your ass for me to shimmy them down your legs. After tossing them to the side, I return to your panties. I've never been this far before. I've kissed and groped with a friend before, but we never went through with anything. I'm like a kid in a candy store! Your panties are bikini cut, pale pink, with just a little lace around the waist. I run my hand over the lace, then trail down to your mound. You press your hips up, wanting more, but I'm exploring.

I run my fingers over your thighs and you open your legs for me. My hand dips down and I find your panties are as soaked as mine. I cup your mound and press my hand against you. 

"Play with your nipples while I play with the rest," I tell you. 

I watch as your hands glide over your tits, but not for long. My attention is quickly drawn back to the treasure hidden by pink cotton. I hook my fingers into the waistband and begin to pull your panties down. You lift your hips again for me and I slide your panties down to reveal a light dusting of hair, trimmed into a triangle. I grin and pull the panties the rest of the way down to your ankles. You kick them off because my hands are busy. I run one hand over your naked mound as I push your legs apart with the other. I move your left leg over my head so that your foot is resting on my hip and slide a pillow under you, opening your glistening pussy to me. I gently touch your wet outer lips. You've shaved everything, except for that teasing triangle, and you're so slick. I rub you from the top of your cleft to the bottom. I love hearing the sounds you're making. I spread your lips and run my fingers all over you, enjoying the feeling. Then I touch your clit, gently, experimenting. 

"Is this okay? I don't want to mess this up," I whisper to you.

"Baby, you're doing great. You can't mess up. Just think of what you like and go from there," you reassure me, breathlessly. 

I've never liked to be called "baby," but coming from you, I love it. I rub my fingers on the sides of your clit with gentle, steady strokes. I press your mound up, stretching the hood and exposing your swollen clit. Leaning forward, I tentatively touch the tip of my tongue to the tip of your clit. When you shove your hips up to meet my mouth, I wrap my lips around your clit, sucking and licking, with abandon. I pull on your hips, moving you so that your pussy is at the edge of the couch, your left leg wrapping around to my back. I dive into you, my mouth sucking on your pussy. Using my right hand to tease and work your clit, I slide my left hand up your leg to slip my finger into you. It's the most amazing feeling I've ever experienced! Your inner muscles grip my finger as I gently slide in and out of you. I replace my fingers on your clit with my mouth and finger-fuck you.

"Oh, God, harder," you demand.

I do you how I've always dreamed of being done. No more gentleness. I eat you and fuck you like my life depends on your cumming. I pump my fingers into you harder. I create a vacuum around your clit and shake my head back and forth. You grab my head and pull me into you more. I'm drowning in your sweet dew and my own hunger.

"Yes!" you scream as you cum. My mouth and hands stay on you as you ride out your orgasm. As you come down, I use my tongue to clean you, then sit back and watch you regain a little composure. You are the most beautiful sight I've ever seen. I can't keep my hands off of you, so I run them lightly all over you.

After a couple of minutes, you sit up and untangle your leg from around me.

"Don't move," you tell me as you get up and walk into the foyer. You come back, handcuffs dangling from your fingers.

"Your turn," you say with a devilish grin.