 Author's note: Thank you very much to Karen for editing this for me so quickly and to Vixen who inspires such wonderful stories!

*

Looking at the clock you notice that it's almost 6. My call from earlier asking about a quiet romantic dinner at home had kept you fairly busy for the past 2 hours. With the meal finally prepared to your high standards there was only a little time left to get ready. The white satin and lace thong and bra were an easy choice as you know they are one of my favorites. Coupled with your peach wrap dress you're confident that your intentions would be very clear. A simple tug of the tie on the side of the dress and it would fall open easily. Catching a glimpse of yourself in the mirror your hands glide over the thin material of your dress before heading out the bedroom door. By simple luck you made it to the bottom of the stairs just as I opened the front door.

"Wow, you look great!" I say looking you up and down a few times, "but you'll never guess who I bumped into." With a look that tried to convey my apologies I let our visitor in. While it wasn't the worst thing in the world to have Jenn over for dinner it certainly put a damper in your plans for the evening. 

"Jenn!" you exclaim trying to sound excited to see her, "how have you been?" Walking up to Jenn you give her a hug while shooting me the 'why the hell didn't you call and tell me' look I knew all too well. 

"Don't go and blame him now," Jenn explains, "I actually ambushed him in the driveway. Plus, I brought your favorite wine!" In hindsight you would remember the brief look between Jenn and I that took place right in front of you, but for now you let it go. 

The meal was nice and relaxed between friends. Jenn's usual playful advances were met with the typical giggles and blushes that she loved to get from you. The truth was, and Jenn certainly knew it, that you found her very attractive but had always been afraid to take that step towards having sex with her. There had been several kisses goodnight that may have lingered a little longer then usual but that was as far as you had ever gone. 

After dinner the three of us relaxed in the living room enjoying the last of the wine and catching up. As the minutes turned into hours it was finally decided that it was too late and too much wine had been consumed for Jenn to be allowed to drive home. Of course this was not the first time Jenn had used the guest room, we often referred to it as hers. While I helped you clean up Jenn excused herself to go upstairs. 

"Well I guess we're going to have to be quiet tonight!" You say plainly under your breath.

"I'm always quiet," I laugh, "you're the loud one. Plus it may not be an issue tonight"

"What? I was looking forward to this."

"I know," I try to explain, "but that wine really kicked my ass. No wonder I usually drink beer!"

With the kitchen clean you grudgingly follow me upstairs. Walking to our bedroom we change in silence. Not wanting to call the evening an entire waste you change into a long peach satin nightgown with spaghetti straps and a long slit up your left leg. If the combination of the lace and small area of satin around your breasts won't get me in the mood nothing will. 

Slowly walking around the bed you give me a glimpse of the near backless nightgown and a healthy flash of leg as you sit next to me on the bed. We kiss softly and my hands begin to move over your satin covered flesh. Our bodies melt together in our embrace. This night may not be a total loss after all you think to yourself.

"Ummm," I say as our kiss breaks for a moment, "you should go check on Jenn." A familiar pout returns to your forehead as you realize you do have to check on our friend. Breaking our kiss you move back and walk towards the bedroom door. Looking over your shoulder you are sure that when you return you will have to wake me up. You quickly walk down the hallway to Jenn's room and knock on the door lightly not noticing until then that your nipples are plainly showing through your nightgown. Before you can do anything Jenn opens the door. Seeing Jenn standing there in her long white satin nightgown you feel excited and embarrassed at the same time. The halter style top of her nightgown does little to hide her cleavage and you try desperately not to stare. 

"I... I ... just came to check to make sure you were okay for the night." You stammer.

"Oh yeah," She replies with a slight smile as she catches your eyes, "I'm good, thanks." Reaching out Jenn gently takes your left hand, her fingers barely touching yours but feeling electric and causing goose bumps on your arm. Her other hand moves around your waist to your back, her warm hand feeling hot on your bare flesh. Pulling your body to hers she hugs you softly. Your free hand moves around her back as well as you return the hug. Her skin feels soft and luxurious against your hand. Her breasts couples with yours as your chests meet. The smell of her hair fills your nose and a chill runs up your spine with her hand.

Pulling back just a bit but still not letting go Jenn looks you in the eye. Looking into her deep brown eyes you feel whatever resistance you had dissolves. Your fingers interlock and her hand on your lower back presses you easily to her. Closing your eyes your lips touch. Her soft lips press against yours lightly. Your right hand clutches her hand tightly and you're left moves up her back to between her shoulders. Parting your lips slightly your tongue tentatively moves to hers. Her tongue is soft and sweet and her touch is gentle. When the soft kiss breaks your knees feel weak and your heart is racing. 

"Jenn, I've never..." you say unable to look her in the eye any longer.

"I know;" She says softly, "don't worry." Taking you by the hand Jenn leads you into her bedroom. Following closely behind her you watch her body move and the contrast of her tan skin against the white satin and lace. The nightgown she wears exposes her entire back down to her hips which are moving slowly back and forth as she walks. The butterflies in your stomach grow and you wonder if you will feel ill until she turns and faces you again. Looking back into her eyes your slight nausea subsides and is slowly replaced by excitement and desire. 

Taking both of your hands in hers Jenn once again steps forward. The feeling of your two nightgowns clinging to each other around your legs makes your body twitter. Her lips touch yours softly, a soft lingering kiss. Her hands place yours on her hips before moving to your back. Powerless to do much else you allow her to pull you to her. Her lips part and yours respond in kind. The feeling of your tongues touching again is electric, the current runs through your mouth to your breasts and finally to your growing wetness. The passion of your kiss slowly increases. Jenn's hands move over your nightgown to your bare back and up your spine. A wave of emotion overcomes you and you moan softly. As Jenn's hands reach your shoulders you begin to move your hands around her body pulling her tightly to you as much embracing her as holding on for dear life. The two of you embrace tightly. You feel as if one more kiss from her will send you to orgasm. Jenn gingerly moves her hands under the straps of your nightgown and guides them to the edges of your shoulders. Her lips move softly across your left shoulder. Biting your bottom lip your hands grip Jenn's back tightly.

The thin straps of your nightgown fall down your upper arms. With trembling fingers your hands move to the clasp behind Jenn's neck. Flipping her hair to one side Jenn continues to kiss your left arm and shoulder moving slowly to your neck. Finally the clasp of her nightgown comes free the two ends of the satiny material still in your trembling hands. Letting go of the material it falls between you resting on your breasts. Jenn's soft hands return to your hips gently guiding you back. As your bodies separate the thin material covering both of your torsos falls away. The halter style top of Jenn's nightgown hangs in front of her legs. For a moment your nightgown is only held up by your chest but as you move backwards it easily falls to your hips and then to the floor. 

Sliding your hands down Jenn's now naked sides you slowly slip two fingers between the exquisite satin material of her nightgown and her tan flesh. Pushing the material downward her nightgown soon joins yours on the floor. The side of the bed presses against the backs of your legs. 

"We can still stop." Jenn whispers as she presses her naked body into yours.

"No," you say quietly back to her, "I want to keep going." With that you move onto the bed resting your head against the oversized pillows gazing up at your lover. 

Laying back you can feel your heart pounding in your chest. Watching Jenn crawl onto the bed you try to savor every moment. Her pert breasts and hard nipples sway as she moves next to you. The feeling of her soft skin touching you as she begins to lay down, slowly making contact up your body like a wave of warm flesh. Jenn's left leg drapes over your left leg, the warmth of her pussy can be felt near your thigh, her left breast settles in between your breasts as her head is positioned above yours. Supporting herself on her right arm she slowly runs her left hand through your long hair.

"Just relax," Jenn says as she flips her hair onto her right shoulder. You nervously gaze into her eyes and nod yes. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do." You nod again. Reaching up you pull her head to yours and kiss her deeply in an effort to make your intentions quite clear. 

Her tongue darting into your mouth causes your toes to curl and legs to squeeze together. The warmth of her left hand can be felt on your abdomen slowly moving to your side and then up to your right breast. As her index finger and thumb lay where the under-wire from your bra would you pull her closer to you kissing her harder anticipating her next touch. 

Jenn's fingertips move slowly, delicately, deliberately over your breast. Your chest jumps as your breathing becomes erratic. Moving her fingers past your hard nipple you sigh softly. Breaking your kiss Jenn looks into your eyes as her hand comes to rest on your breast. Squeezing and rubbing it gently Jenn watches your reaction, learning what you enjoy and how to please you. Taking your nipple between two of her fingers Jenn squeezes it slightly and smiles as you close your eyes and moan softly. 

Pressing her lips against yours Jenn gives your nipple another slight squeeze before moving her attention to your neck. Kissing the side of your neck and playing with your breast has your heart racing. You wonder if she can feel your heart beating against her chest.

"Don't be afraid to tell me what you like." Jenn whispers in your ear. "I want this to be a night you will never forget." You nod and moan a little louder as she teases your right nipple even more. 

Kissing her way down your shoulder your body feels as if it's on fire. Her soft skin pressing against yours, her hair tickling your body, her hand gently manipulating your breast, her lips move closer and closer to your left breast all these separate feelings working together sending energy to one spot. The wetness between your legs has been steadily growing since you entered her room. The tingling sensation of your pussy becoming more amplified with each movement of her body crying out to be touched aching and throbbing between your legs. Jenn's mouth reaches the top of your right breast. With your body practically climbing out of its skin in response to her you wonder what will become of you next. You grasp her left forearm tightly with your right hand and move your left hand over to her shoulder. While you want, well actually need, her to move further down you never want this feeling to end so you refuse to rush her. 

When her lips finally reach the areola of your left breast your breathing stops, unable to think of anything else but the feeling of her mouth it takes a moment before you remember to breathe again. Placing her mouth over your nipple she begins to gently suck. You moan loudly as she softly sucks your nipple into her mouth, her tongue rubbing up against the hard tip. Each of the thousands of nerve endings in your left breast feel more alive then you could ever have imagined. You can feel every bump on her tongue; ever wrinkle in her lips and every groove in her fingertips as Jenn savors your breasts. 

You moan loudly as Jenn squeezes one nipple and pinches the other between her teeth tugging it gently. Arching your back and grabbing her arm tightly with your hand your pussy quivers in orgasm. Releasing your breast from her mouth Jenn looks up at your red face. Your embarrassed giggle gives away your secret. With a slight smile Jenn moves kissing her way down your torso but keeping both hands on your breasts. Her fingers move over your nipples and squeeze your breasts softly until her mouth reaches just below your belly button. 

Looking up at you again, trying to read your thoughts, Jenn moves her arms down placing her elbows near your hips. Jenn repositions her hand and arms around your legs allowing you to lift your thighs. Reaching down you grasp her hands tightly and slowly spread your legs. Holding your hands tightly Jenn kisses your inner thighs, lavishing them with her tongue and mouth, her hair tickling your pussy. Before her tongue can even touch your pussy you are on the edge of orgasm again. 

Finally, after what has seemed like hours Jenn's tongue slides up and down your wet pussy. Your groan loudly and grind your butt into the bed at the sensation. Several long strokes of Jenn's tongue and your hips begin to move in time with her mouth. You no longer feel in control of your body. No, she controls you with her tongue. Her tongue fills your world and shoots sensations through your body like no one else ever has before. And now her tongue is lifting you up to heaven in an orgasmic crescendo sure to leave you exhausted and feeling alive. 

Jenn's tongue moves to your clit licking circles around it quickly. Your hips move quickly and your knuckles turn white while your orgasm builds even more. Digging your heels into the bed you press your body into her mouth squeezing every muscle tightly. Time seems to stop and your already heightened senses go into overdrive until finally you cum. You moan loud and deep unable to control your voice or your body. Every muscle that was tensed has now instantly relaxed and is shuddering.

"OH MY GOD JENNNNNNNN!" you cry out in ecstasy, "I can't stop! I can't stop!" Jenn works her hands free of your grip and grasps your hips tightly. Moving them across your lower abdomen she presses softly downward. Slowly you are able to regain control of your trembling body. Your wrap your arms around yourself tightly suddenly feeling cold. Unable to keep your legs up any longer your thighs drop to the bed lifelessly. 

Slowly Jenn crawls up your body and wraps her arms around you holding you tightly. Pulling you to the side you rest your head on Jenn's chest, listening to the sound of her heart beat. It takes several more minutes for the chills and aftershocks to pass. Your lips feel cool against Jenn's warm upper chest. 

Shifting your body slightly you press your lips against Jenn's upper chest still somewhat hesitant to move to her breasts. Raising your head you look into Jenn's eyes. Seeing her glowing face, her hair strewn across the pillows, and her warm and inviting eyes the questions and concerns swirling around in your head begin to ebb. Her hands move unhurriedly over your back and arms. You crane your neck forward and kiss her lightly at first, your lips barely touching. With each subtle peck on the lips you feel yourself becoming closer and closer to your dear friend turned lover. Your tongues touch freely and your body throbs in anticipation. 

Moving your left leg over you straddle your lovers hips and sit up. Drinking in her full beauty your hands fall just below her breasts. You feel like a nervous teenager unsure of what to do next. The visible goose bumps on your arms give away your feelings.

"You know you don't have to do this," Jenn says with amazing patience, "I don't want you to be uncomfortable or have bad feelings about this later."

"I know." You respond in a still unsteady voice. "I do want to do this Jenn, I want to really."

"Then just relax," She instructs, "and do what you enjoy having done to you to me. You'll know if I'm enjoying it. Trust me!" The two of you share a brief giggle partly out of the awkwardness of the situation and partly at the exchange. You have known for some time that Jenn was bisexual. She had always been open about her past love affairs with other women. Obviously this encounter hadn't held any moral or mental consequences for her. While you had always considered yourself bi-curious you always questioned if you would have the guts to actually make love with another woman. Now, sitting here with the rush of your own sexual excitement still racing through your body and the thought of licking a woman for the first time filling your head you begin to wonder. Can you? Should you? 

The light touch of her hands on your wrists snaps you back to reality. You watch in awe as Jenn moves your hands up to her breasts. The nerve endings in your fingertips feel electric. Her breasts are warm and soft and as your hands finally touch them she smiles slightly and closes her eyes. Looking nervously at your hands you watch as Jenn's own hands move on top of yours. 

"Just squeeze them sweetie." Jenn coaxes while applying pressure from her own hands. The feeling of her beautiful breasts against your hands has an almost mesmerizing effect. Her nipples harden and poke against the palms of your hands. Jenn's hands simply sit on top of yours as you continue to squeeze and fondle her breasts at your own pace. Her body moves slightly as she begins to moan. She slips your left hand underneath her right breast and helps you push it upward. Lowering her mouth she begins to flick her own nipple with her tongue. Her actions inspire and excite you. Moving your right hand off her breast you lower your mouth tentatively towards her breast. Her nipple is hard and soft at the same time and feels like silk against your tongue. Jenn moans somewhat louder as you circle her nipple with your tongue. Your hesitation causes more of a teasing effect on your lover and only heightens her craving for more. 

Squeezing and sucking on Jenn's breasts seem as natural as anything you have ever done in your life. The warmth of her flesh in your mouth, the hard nipple against your tongue and the soft breast in your hands feel wonderful and exhilarating. Your legs move down her body and wrap with her own silky legs. Jenn moves her legs outside of yours and for the first time you feel the undeniable heat of her pussy against your abdomen. You throb in anticipation of tasting her for the first time. 

Jenn applies light pressure to your shoulders and reluctantly your mouth leaves her breasts. With each kiss down her tanned body your mind becomes more clear and focused. The questions and thoughts that clouded it earlier are gone replaced only with a growing want, a physical need, to taste her. Before you even pass her bellybutton your own pussy tingles with a minor orgasm. Gliding your tongue around her tightly cropped patch the scent of her sex stimulates your senses. Jenn's lower legs and feet slip up your back. Knowing that she is so open, so exposed, and so wanting your touch you find it difficult not to rush. As you kiss her inner thigh and around her pussy your head swims in her desire. More then anything else you want to savor every moment. Pressing your lips subtly against her moist clit you hear your lover moan softly.
