 Disclaimer: 

This is a work of fiction, and as such, any similarities to real people, places or events are strictly coincidental. This work contains graphic depictions of a sexual nature between consenting adults. The story also refers to aspects of sexuality that may be offensive to certain people, such as BDSM, consensual humiliation and lesbian themes. If these topics offend you, then stop reading now, moving on to stories that you might better enjoy. 

Kissing Cousins is a multi-part work of fiction. Taking place in the late nineteenth century, it contains references to period customs and mannerisms and is written in a style closely resembling the age. 

Enjoy! 

Saphhia 

Chapter Four 

I slept so poorly that night that by morning my mind was awash with random images and fears. If I could piece together a cogent thought in my mind, it was my failure at resisting my despicable cousin. As the sun rose above the moor, I wept for my weakness. Diana slipped into my bedroom without my knowing and noticed me sitting on the edge of the bed, crying. 

"Whatever is the matter, Mistress?" She knelt before me, and placed a kerchief in my palm. "You look as though you barely slept." 

"You are right, Diana. Sleep and I were strangers last night, on this there is no dispute." I dried my eyes and tried to think clearly. "Can you please take out my blue satin gown and white button boots, and draw a bath for me." She nodded and scurried out of the room. If only I could tell her of my fears, but more importantly my past. An ally against Sarah's advances would be so very helpful. 

As she removed my nightdress and assisted me into the tepid bathwater, I wanted more than ever to admit my troubles. If only she could understand. "Diana, may I speak with you for a moment?" I begged. 

"Of course, Mistress." She pulled a small stool to the edge of the bath and began to wash my hair as I spoke. 

"As you may or may not be aware, Diana, my cousin arrives today from Exeter. She and I have a certain history that I wish to put behind me. When I first left my husband, she was kind enough to offer me a place to stay. During that time, she took advantage of my delicate nature and abused me cruelly." 

"Abused you, in what way Mistress?" She stopped her washing and turned to face me. 

"She made me her slave..." I hesitated to continue, but I had no choice. "...her sexual slave, Diana." For a moment, her face froze in place as if she was unable to digest what I had told her. As the truth concerning her Mistress began to settle in, she stood from her stool and took her leave. I now regretted having confided in her, for I had revealed myself unnecessarily. What must she think of me? No longer keen on continuing my bath, I removed myself from the water and began to dry off. To my surprise, Diana reappeared. 

Taking the towel from my hand, she proceeded to dry me without a word being spoken. Either she was angry and simply doing her job, or she was disgusted and wishing to keep it. I felt her harsh attention as she dried me, and I realized it was anger. 

"How could you allow someone to use you in such a way, Mistress?" I shook my head, not daring to admit that I enjoyed much of what was done to me. How could she ever understand? 

"Because she beguiled me, Diana. Even when I was younger she manipulated me into doing things that I would never have done." I stood naked before her, and she seemed to accept it, not attempting to cover me. "For whatever reason, I am unable to defend myself against her charms." I mewled. 

"Then she is a witch, and I will do all that I can to defend you against her." My heart leapt as I knew her to be strong sort of person. She would not allow me to fall under my cousin's spell. "We will make it quite obvious that you have moved on since her abuse." As I was brought back to my rooms, she turned and faced me, a stern look on her face. "She will know that you have moved on... with me." Shock would have been too mild a term to describe my reaction to her plan. Was she really willing to act as my lover, in order to protect me from Sarah? My question was soon to be answered. 

She leaned in and tentatively kissed me, and I could tell it was the first time she had ever done so, with a woman. Ever since she was brought on as my ladies' maid, I had thought she was ever so beautiful. Her bright smile, and radiant blue eyes, set onto an almost angelic face. It was all a little too much, and I found myself attempting to return her kiss. Smiling, she allowed it. All this in a matter of an hour, what a morning it had been. 

Sarah arrived shortly before eleven o'clock in the morning. My appetite was nonexistent, so breakfast was ignored entirely, and I approached this with very little sleep and an empty stomach. As ordered, Burton made no attempt to hold her up at the gate as the carriage in which she rode, pulled up swiftly to the front doors. Both Diana and I were dressed in fine gowns, thinking that the illusion would be much better believed if she was an equal rather than a subordinate. 

To my surprise she travelled without cases or bags, and I wondered if she meant her stay to be of short duration. Perhaps she thought to simply walk in and assume my place here, as Mistress of Pendleton. Diana was at my side as she entered. 

"My, how lovely you look cousin." Two quick pecks on the cheeks and she was exuding confidence in her demeanor. "And, who is this lovely creature?" Motioning towards Diana. 

"Diana, this is my cousin, Sarah Penshire." I spouted. "Diana Fitzpatrick, my companion." Sarah turned suddenly and was immediately taken back by the insinuation that I should be claimed by another. 

"A pleasure to make your acquaintance." With a shallow curtsy, Diana addressed my cousin with some amount of condescension. It was glorious. 

"Miss Fitzpatrick, how do you do?" Without waiting for a reply from her, Sarah moved to guide me away from her, but Diana would not suffer it. 

"Miss Elizabeth will remain at my side, until such time as I dismiss her." This was even better than I thought, as Diana had given the impression that she had picked up where Sarah had left off. "I know you to be her cousin, but that does not relieve her of her obligation to me." Sarah seemed at odds with Diana, but is was plain to her that she had been replaced. 

"My, you seem to have little control over her, Miss Fitzpatrick. I'll have you know that she was much reduced while under my control, and even to the point of always being naked." Diana glanced in my direction, but then returned her attention to Sarah. "Do you know, she even cut off her hair for me? Why, it was all I could do to prevent her from shaming herself in front of my guests." Diana's countenance had changed as she prepared her rebuff. 

"Yes, Elizabeth has made me well aware of your abuses and manipulative ways. You shan't wield any influence over her here however, for she is quite content with my ministrations." Diana suddenly placed her lips over mine, kissing me passionately, her tongue finding its way into my wanton mouth. I could not help but groan with delight. At least that was not an act. Sarah seemed overwhelmed by what she encountered, and begged to take her leave. 

"Why Sarah, you have just arrived. Surely you will stay for luncheon?" Diana played her hand a little too richly, and I feared any delay in Sarah's departure only increased the risk of her discovering our ruse. 

"Elizabeth, I only wish to say that I relinquish any desire to take hold of your fortune. It is quite obvious that you are enamored with this trollop." She spat, her path being blocked Diana as she tried to leave. 

"Well, Sarah, I'll have you know that Elizabeth was quite generous with me in that regard, for I now hold one half of her estate." This was indeed the straw that broke the camel's back, after which Sarah could not escape fast enough. As I watched her carriage disappear through the gate, I inwardly celebrated. I knew that I owed a debt of gratitude that would be hard to repay. Diana's performance was truly theatrical in it's perfection. 

"Thank you, Diana. Shall we retire to my rooms?" She smiled and we both made our way upstairs. Once in the privacy of my chambers, I was free to speak. "Diana, that was so skillfully done. I thought the added twist of your having captured me yourself, a marvelous play. Well done!" She sighed, as though relieved that the whole thing was over, but that is not what her intentions were at all. 

"Elizabeth, I cannot deny being carried away by the game we played with your cousin, but it did stir feelings within myself that I can no longer ignore." Suddenly, our little deception took on a life of its own. 

"Whatever do you mean, Diana?" I questioned, my face was surely flushed with embarrassment. 

"I mean, that I wished it were true. I wish that we were lovers, and even more than that, I wish that I could indeed be your Mistress." I shuddered at the thought of Diana, assuming Sarah's role, wielding power over me as my cousin once did. I wasn't sure whether I would run, or drop at her feet. At that moment, neither seemed appropriate. Her meaning not being misconstrued, I sat beside her and questioned her wishes. 

"Diana, is this truly how you feel?" I brushed my hand across her cheek, causing her to lean against it. "How did you not come to me sooner with this revelation? 

"For it was not until you confessed to me in the bath, this morning, that I learned of your affinity towards other women. And then to hear of your cousin's ill treatment, brought with it an anger I can only best describe as jealous rage." She shied away in shame, but I swung her head upwards, my hand under her chin. Leaning in, I kissed her so gently on her lips, that there could be no mistaking it as anything but affection. 

"May I ask one thing of you? That we begin simply as lovers, for it is something that I have yet to enjoy." She knew my meaning at once and agreed to my terms, unreservedly. A joy settled over the two of us that was unmistakable. We would know each other in the most intimate ways, and the thought excited us both. I undressed her, as she did me, until we each stood naked before the other. I could feel an energy that pulsed between us, like a heart beating strongly outside our bodies as we stood face to face. 

Finally, no longer able to resist the temptation, we fell into each other's arms. Her skin against mine, breast against breast, and arms entwined as vines seeking purchase. Her skin seemed hot to the touch, emblazoned by the fire that burned within her. I buried my face between her ample breasts, and smelled her perfume that lingered there. How intoxicating was the fragrance. For me, it was as though all that I once dreamed impossible, was now coming to fruition. Love, without humiliation or sacrifice. Passion without debasement or demotion. These were all so foreign to me, that I scarce knew what to make of them. 

Despite it being the middle of the day, we fell into my bed, never suspecting anyone would be the wiser. Diana was seemingly lost for what to do, so I guided her with my own actions. I nestled between her legs and lashed at her tender flesh with my tongue, bringing gasps of delight from her. She was quick to the trigger, and so I tried to prolong her ecstasy as best I could, but before I could finish her, she turned the tables and returned my affections in kind. Her tongue felt exquisite against my shaven folds, and I am certain that she enjoyed her task, her moans matching my own. Such empathy was a wonderful thing, and I had never shared anything so intimate with another person. 

Inevitably, we ended up pleasuring the other simultaneously, as would be the logical conclusion to our bliss. It was wonderful the way we fit together that way, and I swore that there could be nothing more delightful. As we each reached the most wonderful release, every fiber of our beings grew taught and it was as though we might be welded together by the heat we generated. Our hair was matted to our heads, mine more so than hers, being considerably shorter. Rolling to the side, we each gasped for breath, our chests rising and falling in unison. 

"That was the most incredible thing I have ever experienced, Elizabeth." She used my name for the first time, intimately and it felt right for her to do so. 

"I am of a similar mind, Diana, for I have never known such a shared passion as this." I ran my fingers through her delicate curls, tugging on them as I did. It caused her to moan gently, but it was too soon to reignite our arousal. 

"Would you make me, as you are?" She asked, sliding her fingers softly over my naked mound. 

"It is something I would have asked of you, but now that you are desirous of the thing, I will be more than pleased to accommodate you." I led her into the bath, and poured a generous amount of rose scented water into the basin. Wetting her, and seeing her reaction, was reward enough. But as I began to remove her hair, she seemed fascinated beyond measure. She watched closely as the blade slid effortlessly through her covering, removing it as surely as it had been there for so long. Each swath of snow white skin it revealed, enticed her to sigh, and in doing so elicited an equal response from me. 

Her inner flesh was pink as the interior of a shell, and when all her hair had been lathed away, she appeared as a virgin to me. Her outer lips, completely hid her most delicate parts and would that she were not three and twenty, I would have sworn she was much younger. As I cleaned her of any remaining hair, she allowed her hand to wander to her sex, and felt for the first time, the drastic difference the blade had wrought. 

"My god, it is as smooth as alabaster." She gasped, and my fingers joined hers in exploring her freshly exposed skin. I remembered the first time I had been shaved, but this was nothing like that. The equanimity of our passion made it an act of love, rather than a defilement. I leaned down and kissed her there, and she sighed almost inaudibly as I did. The scent of her had changed considerably, lacking the slightly acrid redolence her hair once harbored. In its place was the most delightful tang of arousal that incited my sex to a riot. 

I could not help but to pleasure her, once again. With no thought of myself, I firmly planted my lips over hers, their now satin finish allowing full access to my tongue. I forced the most tentative seal with my mouth and sucked gently as my tongue found her nubbin and swirled about it's engorging tip. Her hands fisted in my hair, it's length not sufficient for adequate purchase, so she kneaded me, like a cat might do in its bed before settling in. She would know nirvana that moment as her legs locked tightly about my head, forcing my mouth to press violently against her. Taking the tip of her button between my teeth, but ever so gently, I allowed them to enclose it. My tongue then attacked its captive target with vigor, and was rewarded with the most impassioned of displays. 

Her breath quite stolen from her, she gasped in quick starts at the top of her ability. As I observed from my pudendant perch, her head was thrown back and her mouth fully open but there was no sound whatsoever. It was as though she was locked in the most pleasurable pain imaginable. Fearing that she might swoon, I ceased my ministrations. Slowly, she drew breath and then began to collapse against me, and I was forced to cradle her as I lowered her exhausted frame to the floor. We laid there on the cool tile floor of my bath for many minutes until at last she spoke. 

"Dear god, that was indescribable." Still panting and quite out of breath. She rolled onto her side and embraced me. "Thank you, for I think I shall never look at a man in the same way again." 

"I too have left that world behind, Diana." I admitted, having realized my change of heart back in Exeter. If my resolve was so shifted by the indifferent attentions of my cousin, I tried to imagine how powerful her metamorphosis must have been. "I am pleased beyond measure that your affinity has shifted." I smiled, kissing her lovingly on her freshly shorn mound. "We best be on about our day, Diana. I will see that you are discharged of your duties if that is what you desire." She looked at me oddly, as if what I had said made no sense. 

"But I enjoy serving you, Elizabeth. May I just continue in my place?" She pleaded. 

"Why yes of course. I thought you had a mind to switch places with me?" Whispering, as if she may have only hinted at the idea out of jest. 

"I would seek it, only if that is what you desire as well." She hesitated. "And only if we keep it as a game, and never so real as to threaten you." Smiling, I grazed her mouth with my fingers, admiring the ruby color so naturally bestowed upon her. 

"Let us think on it, the both of us." I pleaded, but then thinking more clearly on the subject, I added. "The next time we are together, I should very much enjoy your being 'in charge'." She giggled, and it was all so new and wonderful to both of us. I wondered what might have happened had Sarah and I started this way, rather than the harsh manner which she insisted upon. Surely things would have turned out differently. 

After Diana had left to attend to her household duties, I began to think about my cousin. She had arrived with so much confidence and having threatened me with some form of leverage, I wondered if that was still in play. She was certainly dejected over the realization that I had moved on to be with another woman, and in the same context as she had desired with me. Diana had left no doubt that she was in control, and that there was no room for her in my life having abused me so. 

As much as I wanted to feel safe from her advances, I did not. I knew her to be a vindictive person, who could sport a violent temper when provoked. I imagined her plotting some form of revenge against Diana or myself, and that made me very nervous indeed. I had no idea whether she had in fact returned to Exeter, upon her leaving. I could not imagine her remaining in Plymouth, for her acquaintances here would surely be few. 

I decided that I needed a spy, of sorts. And so, I arranged to travel to Exeter to seek out a gentleman whom had been so kind to me, unaware of my standing. I waited a few days, to assure myself of Sarah's departure, and of course insisted upon Diana accompanying me. The barouche box clacked along the cobbles of the High Street in Exeter as I sought out the exact shop where the young man had accosted me so kindly. It did not take long, for it was but a few hundred yards from my cousin's house. 

Nervously, I exited the carriage with Diana in tow. We were both dressed impeccably, with me donning my most elaborate wig, the blonde curls piled high on my head. The tailor shop was small, but well appointed, there being several costumes on display in the windows which faced the street. A small bell tinkled away above my head as we entered. Seated at the rear of the shop, and intently working on a piece of embroidery was the man who had been so kind. I approached without drawing too much attention to myself, while Diana lost herself admiring the various ribbons which adorned the walls. 

"I believe I owe you six gold sovereigns, Sir." He immediately looked up from his work and was astonished at what he saw. A warm smile overtook his countenance as he rose to greet me. 

"I can hardly believe my eyes, were you not directly before me, I would say they were lying." I reached out, depositing six gleaming gold coins into his upturned palm. 

"With interest, as well Sir." Reaching into the pocket of my jacket, I withdrew a one hundred pound note and after unfolding it, laid it on the counter before him. 
