 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction, and as such, any similarities to real people, places or events are strictly coincidental. This work contains graphic depictions of a sexual nature between consenting adults. The story also refers to aspects of sexuality that may be offensive to certain people, such as BDSM, consensual humiliation and lesbian themes. If these topics offend you, then stop reading now, moving on to stories that you might better enjoy. 

Kissing Cousins is a multi-part work of fiction. Taking place in the late nineteenth century, it contains references to period customs and mannerisms and is written in a style closely resembling the age. Enjoy! 

Saphhia 

*****

Mr. Wentworth's correspondence was well worth my one hundred pounds, his observations revealing much of my cousin's movements. For the time being, there had been nothing suspicious. I knew that a time would come when her need to exact some form of revenge against me, would overcome her ability to restrain herself. I only hoped that when that time came, that I had sufficient warning to prepare. 

Diana and I had allowed our affection for each other to spill over into the everyday workings of the house. We had been careful to keep our exploits as private as possible, but I knew that there had been times when others could have no doubt as to our feelings. For one, she was favored above all others in the staff, and this seemed to be the most troublesome for her. I waited for her desire to be taken out of service to me, as I wanted nothing more than to have her undivided attention. 

"If the other maids are being intolerable, then why will you not let me bestow a life of leisure upon you?" She shook her head, as she had done for some time. 

"Nothing is so terrible, that would have me relinquish my place. There is jealousy, of course, as would be expected." She seemed to be hiding something. 

"Jealousy? Is there someone that begrudges you your place with me? I mean, I am certain that there can be no doubt of our feelings, but is there someone in particular?" I did not want to come across as nervous, but I could not brook any such impertinence by any of my staff. I could see that she was reticent to disclose any information in such detail. "If this continues, you must let me know." She nodded, but I think that she would be inclined to say nothing. 

That evening, I invited Diana to stay with me, as I had many nights. Our adventurous games had evolved into a very specific order of events. It was during these encounters that I allowed my submissive nature to reign over me. Diana had also emerged in her role as a dominant. This was nothing remotely resembling my cousin's harsh treatment, but it was enough to titillate to the extreme. As Diana would close the doors to my rooms, we would begin. 

She would berate me for anything she viewed as a transgression during the day, and she would always find something, no matter how trivial it might have seemed at the time. "You really need to spend less time primping before the mirrors of the house, Lizzie." I began to disrobe before her, until I was left without a stitch. "Perhaps your cousin had the right idea in keeping you naked." References to my cousin would often enter into her dialog. It was never malicious, but it served to remind me of how lucky I was to have her, instead. 

"Yes Mistress." I cowed, dropping to my knees before her. "If that is what you desire, all you need do is ask." I said in jest. 

"Don't tempt me, you insulant little jezebel. What would you do if one of these days, I insisted upon it? Would you walk the halls of Pendleton Manor in nothing at all?" Although the idea was arousing, the thought that she might actually enforce that will upon me was equally as frightening. I imagined the maids and servants gawking at their Mistress, in nothing but her good humor to shield her. Diana smiled, knowing she had set my sex alight. I could feel myself shaking as I awaited her. "I do have something planned for you tomorrow. A small task which you will exercise during the day, and may it cause you enough embarrassment to keep you in high spirits." 

She had never actually followed through with any of her threats, but there was always the looming possibility that she may one day, which made me insatiable with lust. "I look forward to your assignment, Mistress." I smiled. She would always delay disrobing herself to heighten my sense of submission, for nothing was so humiliating than to be naked in the presence of someone who was not. That night would be no different. 

"Lay back my slave, and pleasure yourself for my amusement." Oh my, this was different. I hesitated at first which brought a swift slap to my breast, it's slightly forgiving shape, jiggling slightly as it recovered. Immediately, I fell backwards and opened my legs to her. She had poured herself a glass of brandy and began sipping it, as my fingers found my tender lips. She sat, amused, as I began to allow myself to be elevated by my own hand. I had never done this before her, and it quickly found me near to my peak. I did not want it to end so quickly as that, so I slowed my ministrations to allow for it. I expressed my pleasure vocally for her, moaning and sighing as my wetness spread across my smooth mound and slipping into the dark fold between my thighs. It was exquisite torture to prolong the inevitable, but before I had managed my ultimate soarings, she forbid me to carry on. 

Expressing my frustration with a groan, she frowned at my impertinence. She downed the balance of the brandy in her glass, and bid me to follow her. We made for the bath, and what would normally culminate in my bathing her with rosewater and lavender. She was always careful to bring a steaming hot bucket of water with her, but it had cooled to the point of being tolerable. "Should I undress you, Mistress?" Not wanting to sound too eager, but failing miserably. 

"I should like to cut your hair, slave." Suddenly, things had become uncomfortable. I had managed to grow my hair out to a length that was nearly acceptable, although a wig was still necessary on my venturing out. Did she mean to prolong that state? 

"But Mistress, I should so very much like to grow it longer for you." I tried to divert her desire with one of my own, to please. Could she be serious? I had sworn never to cut it again, but she seemed adamant. 

"Nonsense, Lizzie. Now you will bring those shears to me at once." All of a sudden, I felt ill, and I had a desire for this game to be at its conclusion, something which had never occurred. "Do you not trust me?" I wanted to nod, or answer, but my muted expression surely said more than anything I could have uttered or gestured. Reluctantly, I handed her the scissors from the shelf. "Now, kneel for me, while I straighten out this mess." I knew I should run, to escape this obvious miscarriage of domination, which seemed to have overshadowed the moment. I should have, but I did not. Instead, I knelt and awaited my fate, trusting her. 

The first cut seemed to be about the back, and not too drastic by my accounting. The act of it, as disturbing to me as it was, found me nearly swooning. I could feel the tendrils of my treasured blonde locks, slipping tenderly down my naked back to land lightly on the backs of my calves. It was all I could do to not escape her. What could she be thinking to exact such a harsh treatment upon me. Had I not been a gracious Mistress? Had I not allowed her the pleasure she garnered from her dominance over me in the bedroom? Surely this was a step too far. I could not see the damage she wrought with those insipid blades, but by the amount of hair that had landed upon my legs, it must surely be substantial. 

I had begun to weep, and this was not what she had expected at all. "What is this? You are weeping? Stand up and observe yourself in the mirror, Lizzie." I was afraid to see my own reflection. What would my reaction be, should I be displeased? Would I lash out at her, forgetting our game entirely? Once I stood before the finely guilted mirror, the reflection was as much a relief as it was pleasing to the eye. She had merely trimmed away the scattered unevenness of a grown-out shaving. I threw my arms about her, and thanked her for not cutting it so short once again. "Did you really not trust me?" She was disappointed with my lack of confidence in her, and she let it show. "I think we are finished for tonight." 

I could sense the bitter nature of her displeasure with me. "I beg your forgiveness, Diana. I would never do anything to upset or displease you, not deliberately." 

"Then surely you must know that I would never do anything, that could harm you in any way. I thought you knew this to be true." I had betrayed her trust by not allowing her the very same. I was ashamed. She walked out of the bath, having me standing there with my much-improved coif. Running after her, I fell to my knees, pulling at her skirts and weeping in earnest now. "Please, I beg you not to leave." 

"You have wounded me Elizabeth, and I will need some time to consider whether I should like to continue this twisted little charade we play." My heart nearly fell out of my chest, as she took her leave of me. I laid on the floor in a crumpled ball, wishing I had simply stifled my misguided vanity. Would that she had hacked it off to the scalp, rather than leave on such bitter terms. After having had my cry out, I rose and began to dress for bed. Being absent my lover, made sleep elusive and dream torn. 

I awoke with a start, Diana having thrown my draperies open and pulled down my bedcovers. "Get up, you ungrateful whore!" She spat. Obviously, she had resumed where we had left off the night before, but with much increased vigor. "I have decided to forgive you for your lack of trust." I slipped out of bed and out of my nightdress, in one swift motion, landing at her feet on my knees. My penitence must have pleased her, for she smiled, running a hand through my sleep mussed hair. "I wonder what you would have done, had I simply shaved it off?" I shuddered visibly, but remembered my thoughts on that very subject the night before. I decided to remain silent. 

She had me rise and undress her. Her body was an exquisite example of youth and beauty. Her breasts were larger than mine, and much more pert, the nipples setting perfectly on top of her globe-like bosoms. I had maintained her smoothness about her sex, something we both enjoyed immensely. I knew better than to simply dive into her, as this had resulted in my being punished twice before. "Today, we are going to play a little game. I know we have always kept our dalliances to the bedroom in the past, but today I wish to test your resolve and your...trust." So, she meant to hold to her word this time. I wondered what she might have in mind, but I would find out soon enough. 

"I hope that your test will not reveal too much of what we enjoy together, Mistress." She giggled, walking to the far side of my room. She retrieved something from my closets and returned to me. 

"Only if you're careless, my love." She carried a pink blouse and skirts over her arm, and laid them on the bed. "Now, you will please me as you have so many times my slave, but there will be a difference." She knelt on the edge of my bed, her legs splayed lewdly, exposing herself as she had not done before. Her milk white bottom opened just enough to reveal her completely. The sight of it was so arousing that I ached from my sudden excitement. "You may begin." She whispered, her voice raspy from anticipation. 

I tried to devise how I would approach her as I normally would have, but that was obviously not what she desired. I knelt between her legs on the floor, and brought my mouth to her in the only way that was possible. In doing so, my nose nestled between her buttocks and directly against the very thing I was trying to avoid. My tongue began to caress her lips, but they felt quite different from this approach. Her most sensitive nub was far enough away that my tongue had to extend to its fullest to encircle it. It forced me to press my face deeper into her bottom. The warm, earthy scent of it was not entirely unpleasant, but with my nose pressed to the point of entering her there, it was becoming overwhelming. 

"As penance for last night, you will use your tongue to clean me." My eyes must have flown wide open with the suggestion, but my level of arousal was such that I knew I could not resist her demand. Slowly, I allowed my tongue to make longer swaths, until I was indeed licking her darkest little hole. The idea of it was revolting, but it was also extremely exciting to be doing something so dirty. After exploring it sufficiently, I began allowing my tongue to penetrate her, eliciting low moans of pleasure. "That is so lovely, Lizzie, please keep doing it." She gasped. I feared traveling too deeply with my tongue, but I continued to jab inside her until she had her fill of my carnal ministrations. 

She spun herself around and brought me in to kiss me, stopping just shy of it. "I would kiss you slave, but your mouth smells of my bottom." She wrinkled her nose, and the humiliation was exquisite. "Now, you will dress yourself in these." I looked for any underthings, but there were none. "If it is your shift you seek, you shall not be wearing one." It was as I lifted the skirts, that I realized they were split completely to waist, both in front and behind. I looked over at Diana, and she smiled wickedly as she took in my discomfort. "If you're very careful, no one will be the wiser." With the skirts in place, it was obvious that any sudden movement or bending revealed me completely. 

As I donned the blouse, it was painfully obvious that the gauzy material was no match for my unfettered breasts. They were revealed in their shape, my nipples protruding plainly. "Would you allow me a wrap, Mistress." She shook her head, smiling at the spectacle she had created. 

"No, this will be the extent of your wardrobe today." She picked up my nightdress and resumed her duties as my ladies' maid. It seemed so odd to have her so easily slip from one role into the next. I stood before the floor length mirror that adorned the opposing wall to my bed, and tried to imagine presenting myself to the household. It would be a shocking fall. 

I remained in my rooms long after breakfast had been served, and missed the meal entirely. My stomach was doing flips by the time luncheon was called. I was simply famished, so missing this meal was out of the question. I tried to imagine a way that I could cover myself without annoying Diana, but unless I kept my arms crossed over my breasts, they would be on display for all to see. I crept out of my rooms and stood at the top of the stairs for a short while, before venturing down. I was fortunate not to cross paths with anyone on my way to the dining room, but upon entering I was confronted by one of the footmen. At first, I thought he had not noticed my blatant display, but it was obvious that he was just being polite. 

As he served me, he could not help but glance at my breasts which protruded through the nearly translucent material. Looking down, I also noticed that my skirts fell open between my legs. I quickly drew them together, which only exposed them more lewdly. I must have been bright red with embarrassment, for he quickly excused himself, leaving me to my shame. Although my appetite had been obliterated by my abject humiliation, I knew I had to eat. Forcing myself, I quickly downed the soup and ham salad, which only served to nauseate me. 

To my horror, I could hear laughter coming from the kitchens, and I knew that it was at my expense. How incredibly humiliating. It wasn't until I stood from the table that I realized that my bare bottom was on full display from behind the chair. My hand flew to my mouth as I ran through the house and back to my rooms. Diana had exposed me like this, but I could not understand why she had done it. Surely, there would be little, if any respect towards me by any of the staff, once this had been spread amongst them. 

Not long after luncheon, Diana came to me, her smile confirming everything that I feared. "Diana, why would you want to do that to me?" I looked down at myself and could not help but remember the look on the footman's face. "It was so...humiliating." I mewled, under my breath. "How will I ever be able to face any of them ever again?" 

"You will face them, Elizabeth, but you may not feel the same superiority you once did" She said, in a very 'matter of fact' manner. "To be blunt, I intend for you not to be giving orders about the house any longer." I knew where this was going, and I wondered whether I would be back in the same situation I was in with my cousin. 

"If I do not, then I suppose that you will want that responsibility?" She giggled at the suggestion. 

"Why not? I think it would be good fun to switch roles in earnest. I think that you will appear to be in charge, but acting through me as your assistant. In fact, you will be cut out of any decisions concerning the estate." Indeed, Diana was taking advantage of my willingness to accommodate her. 

"Then you are after my fortune as well?" I had made her well aware of my cousin's designs on my money. I sounded disappointed. 

"No, no, not at all. I have no desire to separate you from your money." Reassured, but not entirely at ease, I wondered what she might want. "Your fortune will remain yours, but like a child, you will not have any access to it." I was immediately reminded of my younger years, when I was denied any control of my parents fortune until I married. This sounded more ominous, as it had no finality to it. 

"So, you would treat me as a child?" I asked, still in doubt of her motives. 

"In essence, yes. You are an adult however, so the feeling will be that much more keenly felt. Doesn't the idea of being so drastically reduced, excite you?" She seemed very excited, and I had to admit to being extremely aroused as well. 

"Yes, in fact, it does." Her attitude changed entirely with my admission. 

"Then you shall see your attorney in the morning, explaining your incompetence and name me as the executor of your estate." She didn't mince words. This was nothing less than her usurping everything I owned. I had thought once before that she need only ask, and I would grant her anything. This was so much more enticing than anything Sarah had demanded. My fortune would remain in my name, but completely out of my grasp. It was the ideal compromise, leaving me completely powerless, but not penniless. 

"What will be expected of me, Mistress?" The halting manner in which it was said, spoke to exactly how aroused I was. 

"I think that you, yourself, should be allowed to dream up what I would expect of you. Just remember, that whatever you write down, I will carry out, without fail." Her words seemed cold and calculating, but it only served to arouse me further. I imagined writing all manner of humiliating treatment for myself, in fantasy. Reality would be a far more staunch limitation however, and I knew that I could not allow my sex to drive the pen. "You will spend the rest of the afternoon, writing your own rules." She made her way to the doors. "I will return with our supper, and we will discuss them together." She giggled, and gently closed the doors behind her, leaving me to seal my fate. 

So, I sat down at my secretary and began to write. I tried desperately to control the urge to demean myself through my own hand, but I failed miserably. Each line I wrote reduced me further and further, until I was nothing more than a slave. I had gone through several drafts of my 'rules', before I finally arrived at what was possibly my complete undoing. Would Diana take this obviously arousal ridden scrawl as my truest desires. In a very few moments, she would return, and I would be forced to hand over this frightening document. I read it over one last time, and panic overcame me as I finished. I rose to wrinkle up the page as I had several before it, but Diana chose that moment to enter with our supper on a large tray. 
