 "I want to taste you, Mia."

I didn't know how to respond to her statement.

As I washed my hands in my kitchen sink, I felt her press up against me from behind. "Stop playin'," I told her with a nervous laugh. It was the only retort that I could come up with. "You play too much, Onyx."

I don't know why everyone called her Onyx. Her mixed heritage gave her the palest complexion. My brother called her a "MexiNegro" because her father was Mexican and her mother was black. 

She moved into my neighborhood when I was 14 and she was 16 and we became close friends shortly thereafter although she was closer to my brother, James. Back then she was just called a Tomboy, but as time went on it became apparent that there was more to it than just her athleticism. By the time that I was 18, she had already caused controversy in several homes by becoming "involved" with some of the neighborhood girls.

She was definitely more than just a tomboy.

I watched from the sideline as she and my brother wooed many of the girls in the hood. Once me and my brother got a place together, he let her move into our den. I didn't really mind because she kept me entertained and paid her share of the bills. I spend quite a few late nights in my bedroom, listening to the sounds that females would make as she or my brother would boldly give them 'da business' in my living room or the den.

But I remained safe and untouched or even flirted with... until that night. I don't know if it was because of the shots of Patron that we had taken... maybe it was the Hypnotiq... I don't know, but she was on me. This was a first!

A part of me wished that James had not passed on the couch after having one shot too many. Another part of me was intrigued by Onyx's unusual attention to me.

"I'm not playing," she said from behind me. "I've been checkin' you out since we were kids," she confessed in my ear.

"Yeah right," I said to her, still unable to make myself move from the sink. "You have never even peeped at me," I told her, turning around to face her. "Why am I so special now?"

"You always have been," she told me. She placed her hands on either side of me, further trapping me between her and the counter top.

As I looked into her eyes, it finally occurred to me why everyone called her Onyx. Her piercing eyes were so dark that you could lose yourself in them. How had I never noticed before?

My breath caught a little bit as I realized that I had just check out my friend... my brother's best friend... 

I can't lie. I've done a little flirting and I've even kissed a girl or two, but never had it ever occurred to me to strike something up with Onyx. And as I stared into her face, I didn't know why it never occurred to me. 

She looked good standing there, towering over me by several inches. Her hair was on point, thanks to my cornrowing skills. Those jet black pupils were beaming at me and I found myself gazing at her chapstick protected lips.

"I saw that," she said, catching me in my investigation of her features. "You wanna kiss me now, don't you? I wanna kiss you too."

At that moment, I wanted to believe her. But this was ONYX! If there was a book that could be written on having mad game, she would be the author. I'd heard her say some real slick shit to chicks before and they'd fall for it every time.

And as I thought about the fact that I hadn't gotten laid in a while, I wondered if I wanted to fall for it too. If only for one night...

But I had to live with this chick and I didn't want things to be odd between us "the morning after". I tried to keep a firm hold on my libido and this blooming curiosity about my friend... my BROTHER'S BEST FRIEND. 

"I need you to stop playing with me, Onyx," I told her with more conviction than I really felt. "Now move."

"Move me," she challenged.

She looked so confident and cocky as she stood before me in her wife-beater and low hanging jeans.

I tried to focus on the gold necklace that she wore, the tattoo on her right arm, the baby hair that laid smoothly around her hairline... anything but those eyes and those damn lips.

"Why can't you look at me now?" she asked. "You've never had that problem before. Is it because you know I will see the truth in your eyes?"

"Stop it," I demanded weakly. "Save your game for your victims," I told her. "I'm not trying to be another victim."

"Is that what you think?" she asked. "You think I'm running game on you?"

"I'm pretty sure," I answered, looking at the clock on the wall behind her. "I know how you are and I know you are just doing all of this because you're buzzin' and you don't have a lady tonight and James is knocked out. Otherwise you wouldn't be paying me all of this attention. I'm not stupid. I don't want to be a victim and I don't want you."

"Oh really?" she said with a cocky half-grin. "Kiss me and prove it. If you don't feel anything, I'll leave you alone."

Surprised, I scoffed at her. "I am not even about to play this game with you," I informed her. "That kind of shit only works in romance novels and movies. Do you think I'm gonna fall in love or some shit after we kiss? Be for real!"

"No," she answered. "But you might get a hell of a nut if you just let go and try me."

I didn't know whether to be offended by her brazenness or turned the fuck on! That half-smile was starting to get to me and I was feeling a little adventurous. But damn. This was STILL Onyx and I still had to see her every day after this. 

But it was just a kiss... right? I'd be able to walk away once it was over. "Fuck it," I told her. "Let's get it over with."

Her smile grew as she descended onto my lips.

I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't what I got. I didn't plan on her lips being so soft. I didn't expect her to be so gentle at first. She took her time, brushing her lips against mine. She was patient as she waited for me to relax and stop fighting my growing curiosity about her. 

I managed to swallow the first moan that crept to my throat, but I couldn't stop the second one as her tongue slowly snaked its way into my mouth, teasing me at first before she grew more demanding.

My arms were not supposed to find their way around her neck and she wrapped hers around my waist. I was NOT supposed to be enjoying it.

But I was...

I don't know when she had managed to lift me and place me on the countertop. I don't even remember moving, but there I was, on the counter with my legs wrapped around her as we kissed for what seemed like forever.

I'd be lying if I said that she didn't have the kitten throbbing.

As if reading my mind, she pulled away from lips and said, "Let me touch you."

"Right here?" I asked her, my voice growing hoarse from my arousal. What amazed me more was that I didn't immediately deny her request. "We can't," I stammered, though I felt myself adjusting my body so the was able to slide my sweatpants and panties from under me. "What about if James wakes up?"

"He won't," she assured me.

I wanted to be disappointed in myself for how easily I was giving in to her, but as I felt her fingers graze the moisture between my thighs, the last thing that I felt was disappointment in anything. At that moment, nothing had ever felt so fucking right. 

She pulled me closer to the edge of the counter and spread my legs further apart. I couldn't stop a whimper as her finger grazed my clit. 

"You like that huh?" she said, self-assured. "I know."

Her victorious attitude made me want to stop, but the way her fingers were manipulating the cat convinced me that I really didn't want it to end. I tried to control my composure as she slid two fingers inside of me, but I couldn't help it. It had been a while since someone had touched me and I was loving it.

As if they had a life of their own, my hips began to rock in cooperation with her fingers. I bit into her shoulder in efforts to stifle my moans. I heard her quick intake of breath and realized that she like the sensation of me biting her. I smiled to myself even as I moaned into her skin as I felt her fingers continue to dip in to my wetness.

As she fingered ne slow, then fast, I felt her rubbing my clit with her thumb. The feel of it slowly drove me up the wall. My breathing became quicker as I felt myself coming closer and closer to my orgasm. Unable to resist it any more, I cried out as I let it over take me.

She kissed me hastily but thoroughly to quiet my outburst as she continued to dig into the nani, feeling my walls involuntarily pulsate around her fingers. I moaned into her mouth and she began to slow down her activity at my center.

"Shhhh," she whispered against my lips. "Do you really want to wake your brother up?"

I could only shake my head. If James had any idea of what was going on in the kitchen he would've wanted to kill us both.

I was almost sad as she withdrew her hand from between my legs. 

I stared in awe as she ran a finger across her lips and licked them.

My pussy jumped at the sight.

"Oh yes, Mia," she said looking at me with those onyx eyes. "I'm going to have to taste you. Are you ready?"

As I sat there on my kitchen counter, still getting over the first orgasm that she had given me, I wondered if I was...