 *

Author's note:

Thank you so much to everyone who read and enjoyed "Girl Friday!" I had not expected that it would be so well received and it's very flattering to me. Many of you commented that you liked the story of Mistress and Charlotte and wanted more. Honestly, I'm afraid that writing a sequel would turn it into a soap opera, where the interesting bits become few and far between. I don't want that and I imagine that you don't either. The solution I came up with is to write some shorter, stand-alone stories using the same characters as they get on with their lives together. Little glimpses, called playdates, that all relate to the original story, though not in any specific order. Each playdate will focus on one particular experience that Mistress and Charlotte have chosen to explore together. I hope you enjoy it!

*

Preface

Dear Friends,

I'm hoping you have all had a chance to read the story of how Charlotte and I first met. It's on this site under the title of 'Girl Friday' in case you haven't. It's a sweet little love story and it explains a lot about how our relationship started. I've been told it's rather steamy too. I blame Charlotte for that, for she truly is a little vixen. Then again, that's just one of the many reasons why I love her so much.

This is a tale of one of our interesting escapades from a couple of years later.

Love and hugs,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

Mistress and I have very busy lives. She works for a multinational company, spread over several time zones, so her work schedule is always somewhat chaotic. My work life is pretty predictable and consists of tickling the ivories during weekend happy hours at our favorite Italian restaurant and teaching a few private piano lessons during the week. What make things interesting for me is that I'm also three semesters into a Masters of Jazz Studies degree at the university. So needless to say, the time that Mistress and I get to spend together is really at a premium. That's why we've decided to reserve Saturdays for playdates, a full morning reserved for just the two of us and whatever fantasy we feel like exploring.

Part I -- Preparations

The first of the packages arrived on Tuesday and fortunately I made it home just in time to accept the delivery. My plan was to intercept them all so Mistress wouldn't figure out what I was up to until the deed was already done. I opened the box to inspect the contents. The ears were soft and velvety just as advertised. They were also surprisingly realistic and I thought the colors in the leopard-print fabric really complemented my hair. The tail would need a little modification before it was ready, but for now I settled for slipping the elastic band around my waist as the manufacturer had intended. I modeled the outfit in the mirror for a moment before hiding it back in the closet of the guest room. I have to say I looked pretty hot as a cat! I hoped Mistress would love it as much as I did.

Wednesday at about the same time of day, I received two more items, packaged together in one plain brown box, that very discretely gave no indication that it was from an online purveyor of sex toys. Inside, buried under about a zillion packing peanuts, I found what I was looking for. The first item was a cute little leopard-print collar with a ring and a bell attached to the front. I had a few collars in my collection already, but not one of them matched the ears and tail as well as this one did, so I had splurged. The second item was a butt plug key chain. Yeah, I know, who puts their keys on a butt plug? Not me, I wanted that ring for another purpose.

With a bit of a struggle, I successfully freed the key chain from its obstinate packaging. And after fetching the tail from its hiding place in the closet, I set to work. I was interrupted about ten seconds later. "Charlotte, honey," Mistress called, "since you're home, I've got a video conference in thirty minutes and I'm going to need your services."

"Yes, Mistress," I answered. I knew exactly what she wanted, we had been doing this practically from day one. See, Mistress works for a company that has offices all over the world so most of their meetings take place via video conferencing. My 'services,' as she calls them, consisted of kneeling under her desk and licking her pussy, while she tried to maintain a calm demeanor on the webcam for her co-workers. I really enjoyed trying to make her squirm while she did her best to keep a straight face. I think that trying to maintain her composure while I was going to work on her, really amped up her orgasms too. She has a habit of exploding just seconds after signing off. I smiled at that thought.

I needed to be under the desk before the conference started which meant I only had about twenty minutes to complete my little craft project. I cut the tail's elastic band in half and used the two ends to tie it securely to the key ring of the butt plug. Honestly, a butt plug key chain? Who does that? I mean, can you imagine the conversations? "Honey have you seen my keys?" "No dear, did you check up your butt?" After I finished snickering, I put an extra knot in the elastic, just in case, before snipping off the excess.

I kind of wanted to slip it inside to try it out, but I was running short on time. I had to settle for hiding it in the closet before making my way quickly down the hall to Mistress's office.

"Charlotte, darling, you're just in time," Mistress said as she opened up her laptop.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied and crawled under her desk. I had intentionally cut it close so that there would be no time for questions about what I was up to in the other room. I really wanted to maintain the surprise of what I had in store.

As the video conference got started, my tongue got started on Mistress. When I first met Mistress, this was part of my job description, now I just did it for fun, and because I love her. Come to think of it, going down on her was fun back then too, and it sure didn't take long for me to fall in love. As I lapped at her sweet pussy, my mind began to wander back to the plan I had hatched up for this weekend. Oh, it was going to be so much fun when it was time. I hoped Mistress would enjoy it as much I knew I would.

I was working up a bit of a sweat now as I rammed my fingers in and out of Mistress's sopping wet entrance, while at the same time drawing intricate tongue art all over her engorged clitoris. I knew she was close. I could smell her animal lust and feel the quivering in her thighs. I had the timing down pretty well, because a few seconds later I heard the lid of her laptop snap shut just as her passion was beginning to let loose. "Oh yes! Oh yes! OOOHH! YESSSS!" she was screaming. As always, I felt very proud of myself. I love making Mistress come.

"Oh, Charlotte," she heaved, "that was incredible!" Still breathing in ragged gasps, she added, "Come up here so I can kiss you." I climbed out from under the desk and straddled her lap, facing her. Mistress wrapped her arms around my waist and laid a big, sloppy kiss on me. "Baby, you're tongue never ceases to amaze me," she complimented. She began planting kisses on my cheeks and chin while slurping up the juices that had leaked onto my face. I love it when she does that. There's just something about seeing a woman licking up her own pussy juice that really turns me on. I'm pretty sure that's why she does it. I showed my appreciation by letting out a long, lusty moan.

After the video conference and some post-orgasmic cuddling, I checked the status of my last package. It still had not shipped. "Well, crap," I mumbled as I canceled the order, "I'm going to have to stop by the pet store on Friday."

Friday came and I had all the pieces assembled. All I had to do now was write the note, clip it to my collar, and try to contain myself until Saturday morning.

I had to pause as I was writing, because I started to get a little choked up. I hadn't intended for it to be this way, I thought it was just the final piece of a hot, sexy gift for Mistress, but it ended up reminding me a little bit of how we first met. Me standing on Mistress's front porch, freshly dropped out of college, out of money, out of options. But, oh, how things had changed after she invited me in. I dried the small tear that was forming in the corner of my eye and began putting all of the pieces of my plan back into the closet.

Early Saturday morning I sneaked downstairs as quietly as possible and let myself into the attached garage via the service door. The spring-loaded door made quite a noise as it slammed shut. I was counting on that.

Part II -- A Kitten with Benefits

"Charlotte, is that you, honey?" I called out. She didn't answer. Well somebody came through the garage. Cell phone in hand, I mentally reviewed some self-defense moves as I crept downstairs to investigate. Seeing that there was no one there, I turned around to go back upstairs, but stopped when I thought I heard scratching at the door. "Did some animal get in?" I wondered as I slowly opened the door to the garage to look. "I'm a black belt, you bastard!" I announced to any potential intruders.

Oh! Not what I was expecting at all.

I found the source of the scratching alright. There was my dear, sweet Charlotte kneeling on the step, completely naked except for a cat ear headband and a matching collar. I think she was purring as she handed me her leash. "Oh, poor kitty, come inside before you catch cold," I soothed as I watched her crawl over the threshold. Charlotte on her hands and knees is a sexy image by itself, but add to that the leash and the velvety cat ears, and I'm surprised I manage to maintain any kind of composure at all. "Oh look," I exclaimed, "you have a tail!" How was she holding that tail on her bottom? Oh, not on her bottom, in her bottom. My god, that's hot!

Finally, I regained enough composure to read the note that was attached to her collar.

*

I am a little lost kitten. If you take me in and care for me, I promise to give you love and cherish you forever.

P.S. There's tuna salad in the fridge, it's kitty's favorite.

*

"Oh, kitty!" I said, slipping into my role, "are you lost? Let me fix you something to eat." Charlotte crawled along behind me and rubbed her cheek on my leg as I reached into the cabinet for a bowl. After spooning in a little tuna salad, I set the bowl on the floor. I watched with fascination as Charlotte the kitten crawled over and crouched down until her tummy was nearly on the floor. She began licking at the tuna salad. A part of my mind said that I should not be so aroused by the sight of my dear Charlotte degrading herself in front of me like this. I told that part to go get stuffed and settled my eyes on her sweet little ass while she ate her tuna salad from a bowl on the floor.

"Does kitty want some milk?" I asked, thinking she might be thirsty too, but mostly just wanting to see her lapping milk from a bowl. Her response was to crawl over and rub her cheek up and down on my calf. "I guess that's a yes." I placed the bowl of milk next to the tuna salad and watched some of the white liquid dribbling down her chin as she lapped it up. "Charlotte, honey," I exclaimed, "I thought I was a sexual deviant, but today you take the cake! Thank you baby, this is a wonderful playdate!" She just purred and rubbed her face on my leg. That was the last time I addressed her as a human.

When she had finished her milk I picked up her leash and began leading her over to the living room. "Come on, kitty. Come sit by Mistress and let her pet you. Come on kitty." She wasn't following, but instead was pulling toward the hallway. "OK, kitty," I said and let her take the lead. She was pulling me over to the bathroom. "Does kitty need to go?" I asked playfully. Then I saw it. "Oh my!" I thought, "Charlotte is definitely not doing this halfway."

I watched Charlotte transitioning from what looked like a rather precarious squat back to all fours as she dismounted her litter box. Once she was clear of it, she let go of her tail that she had been holding up out of the way. I have to say I was intrigued. I'm not one who gets turned on by watching girls pee, but there was something else about this that I liked. I think it was the completeness of the role-playing that fascinated me more than anything.

"If kitty is all done, come with Mistress to the sofa so I can pet you." I walked slowly into the living room as my little lost kitten followed behind. Taking a seat on the couch, I patted the cushion next to me. "Come on kitty. Up!" Charlotte crawled up and lovingly laid her head on my lap. I started to lose myself in thought as I was stroking her hair.

What an amazing girl Charlotte is! Rather than just tell me she wanted to try kitten-play, she went to great lengths to create a costume, get herself some kitty food and even a litter box, though I still wasn't one-hundred percent sold on the idea of the litter box. And the note! Oh, the note was so touching. It pretty well described the situation when we first met, when I found Charlotte on my doorstep with one little duffle bag, looking so lost and alone. I hadn't known then that she would steal my heart so soon after I invited her in, but she did, and here we are.

I let out a little ragged sigh and wiped away a tiny tear that was making its way down my face. Kitty must have sensed my mood, for she was now rubbing her cheek on my thigh and purring. "Does kitty want some love?" I asked. I heard the purring get louder. I continued stroking her hair, a little farther down her back each time. I also decided to stroke her ego a bit. "Such a lovely kitty. So soft, so warm, so full of love. Mistress loves her kitty very much."

Kitty rolled over onto her back and put her hands and knees in the air while she rocked her hips from side to side. She alternately splayed and contracted her fingers in time with her movements. I made a mental note to ask Charlotte if she ever had a cat as a child, because her imitation was incredibly convincing. I couldn't help myself and began playfully scratching her tummy. "Good kitty," I soothed.

"This is so relaxing," I thought, "and so intimate. Charlotte really picked an outstanding playdate." As I was lost in thought, Charlotte was wiggling her feline body around until my tummy scratches were edging closer and closer to her perky little breasts. "You certainly are a naughty little kitty," I teased as I reached over to pinch a nipple. I got a very sultry meow in response. Oh my, if she keeps this up I may have to jump her naughty kitty bones very soon.

I was drawing little concentric circles around kitty's nipples with my fingernail. The repetition helped calm me down so I could make this last. It also had the benefit of making kitty squirm a bit. "Is kitty ticklish?" I teased. She slowly shook her head no, the first human-like thing I had seen her do since letting her in from the garage. "Is kitty horny?" I guessed next. Apparently the answer was yes, because kitty twisted her body around and began rubbing her cheek against my thigh. "This was new," I thought, "I was going to make love to a cat. Oh, what the hell? Why not?"

I leaned over and gently lifted kitty's head until she was close enough for a kiss. "I love you, kitty," I whispered as I released her lips, "and I'm going to rock your little kitty world!"

"Mee-ooow!"

I deftly slipped my body out from under kitty and knelt on the floor in front of her. From this position I had access to the entire front of her, head to toe, all I had to do was shift my weight from one knee to the other. I decided to start right smack in the middle and began running my tongue over and around kitty's taut tummy. At the same time I was stroking her thigh with my right hand and caressing her breast with my left. I've watched Charlotte playing piano many times, pounding out bass notes with her left hand while her right hand plays the melody. She makes it look so easy, two hands both doing something completely different. I quickly found it was not so easy for me and ended up switching to gently grazing my fingertips against her skin in both places.

I could not believe how incredibly hot she looked as I gazed upon her! I mean, Charlotte is beautiful, especially in a collar, but the addition of the ears and the tail, wow! And the way she moved, it was so sexy. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her toward me as my mouth continued showing appreciation for her tight little kitty tummy. Soon I had her turned so that she was slouched on the sofa with her legs spread wide before me. I let my tongue trace a line up her inner thigh.

"Meow."

"Does kitty need a bath?"

"Mee-oww!"

"Mistress loves getting her kitty clean," I teased as I let my tongue dart between her legs. "Mmmm, kitty tastes so good."

"Mrrroww!"

It took a lot of control, but I did not dive right in, as much as I wanted to. Instead I took a moment to drink in the sight of my kitty, her legs spread wide before me, the glistening moisture building on her smooth pussy, and the tail. Oh yes, I was fascinated by the tail protruding from kitty's bum. I know Charlotte's into it, I've had my finger in her tight little ass more than once, though this is the first purpose-built object I've ever seen in there. I'll have to ask her how she likes it, when she's a human again that is.

I let my tongue dart once more into kitty's moist opening and was rewarded with another sultry meow. I knew I was teasing her, but I was really just enjoying the moment, the sight, the smell, the heat. I gave kitty's tail a little tug and watched her body's reaction.

"Mrrroww!"

This was going to be fun! I began licking in earnest now, causing kitty to shudder a bit, but keeping her orgasm just out of reach. That has to be the best part about Charlotte and I being together for so long, we knew each other's bodies so well. I could keep her on edge all morning long if I wanted to, until she was practically begging me to let her come. I didn't think I was going to be able to do that today. Just a little more teasing and then I would send her careening over the edge.

In addition to pleasuring kitty with my tongue, I began tugging on her tail, causing the plug that was holding it to peek out just a bit before being sucked back inside. I tried the two-hand coordination thing again, this time with a finger pressed inside kitty's pussy while the other hand kept tugging on her tail. I was a little more successful this time around and I think kitty really appreciated my efforts.

"Mrrroowwww. Mrrroowwww," the sultry sounds continued.

"She's got to be getting close now," I thought, "I wonder if she'll stay in character when she comes? That would certainly take some concentration on her part, but it would be so hot!" I couldn't help myself, I was getting incredibly worked up by that image, to the point that I was needing some stimulation of my own. I only had two hands and they were both busy at the moment. I certainly didn't want to leave kitty unfulfilled, so I did the only thing I could think of, I began rubbing myself with kitty's tail.

There was no going back for me now, I was fully into the fantasy. Here I was fingering and licking my kitty while I used her tail on my own clit. And I didn't want to stop! Kitty definitely didn't want me to stop either, and her meows were becoming more urgent by the second. I was furiously rubbing myself with kitty's tail, watching the little plug peek out and slide back in as I did it. All the while I kept up the movement of my finger and tongue until I felt kitty quivering underneath me. No, not quivering, shaking violently!
