 Sigh. Another Christmas alone. It was almost too much to bear. I looked at the little tree that I had put up, more out of tradition than any holiday spirit I felt and my mood sank even darker. This sucks. I was sitting in my easy chair, gazing at the fire that I had started, sipping homemade eggnog and listening to the sound of the fire crackle. My mother had called earlier just to check on me and tell me that I still didn't have a boyfriend. I jokingly said that I asked Santa for one but had been too much of a naughty girl for him to visit my house. I thought it was funny. She didn't. So, here I was. Eating the butter cookies that mom had sent me and feeling sorry for myself.

WHUMP! Holy Shit! What the hell was that? I must have dozed off in the chair because a loud "thump" startled me awake. I looked at the fireplace and saw this red bag laying on the floor but what really caught my eyes was this pair of legs sticking out of the chimney. Her feet were encased in a cute pair of boots with four inch heels trimmed with white fur. My gaze traveled up the bare legs to a red and white lacy teddy pulled so tight through her crotch that I could make out her pussy lips framing the cloth. "That's it! Next year, I'm walking in the fucking front door. None of this sliding down the chimney shit like he does." the woman said to herself. She less than gracefully maneuvered her way out of the fireplace and began brushing the soot off of her body. I sat there gawking at this absolutely stunning woman standing before me. Her tits were practically spilling out of the teddy and I could make out the dark of her areolas. Her nipples were so hard, they were threatening to tear holes in the lace. Shoulder length hair, so blonde it was nearly white, framed a supermodel's face and she was wearing a Santa hat with the name "Kristi" spelled out in glitter. I felt blood rushing to my face and other parts of my body as I thought of something to say.

"Oh great! Eggnog." she said, spotting the half emptied pitcher sitting next to me on the end table. "Do you mind?" I mutely shook my head no, my brain still trying in vain to make sense of what was happening.

"Um...who are you?" was all I could come up with.

"Oh, yeah. Sorry. Kristi Kringle and it's a pleasure to meet you Bridgette." She reached out her hand and I took it, expecting a handshake but instead, she brought it to her lips and delicately kissed my fingers. I felt an electric charge go right to my pussy when her ruby lips touched my hand. I involuntarily squirmed in my chair which brought a smile to her face as if she knew what effect she was having on me. She released my hand, walked over to the bag on the floor and began to rummage through it.

"May I help you?" I was still trying to come up with something to say but the combination of shock, being woken up, and a little too much eggnog still left me a bit incoherent.

"No, but I sure as hell can help you." came her reply. Standing up she turned to face me, her hands on her hips. "Listen. Here's the deal. Every year, I perv the naughty list looking for a little lezzy slut in super need of some Christmas spirit and this year, it's you. Congratulations." She turned back to the bag and began going through it again. I could hear several different hums emanating from inside it and my pussy began to leak juices on its own accord.

"Hey wait! I'm not a lesbian!" I said as her words finally broke through the fog. She just looked over her shoulder at me and snorted, not even deeming my statement worthy of a reply. Then she let out a "YES!" as her hand grabbed whatever she was looking for. Standing up, Kristi held out the biggest dildo that I had ever personally seen. It was red and white, striped like a candy cane and was attached to a leather harness. She kicked off her heels and began to remove her teddy.

"Look. My brother may be a fat, judgmental bastard but he knows who's been naughty or nice. So if he says that you are a closet lesbian sitting at your computer at night, watching girl on girl porn and reading bdsm erotica, I trust him. Okay?" I mutely nodded as I watched her begin to buckle the harness to her crotch. Oh wow! She shaves. I just caught a glimpse of her bald vagina right before the leather covered it. She walked over to where I was still sitting, the dildo bobbing up and down with each step, and held out her hand. I took it and she pulled me up out of the chair. Her gaze went to my pajama bottoms and a little giggle escaped her lips when she saw the large damp spot that was there. I blushed and closed my eyes in embarrassment as she led me to the bedroom. Turning to face me, Kristi took my face in her hands and gave me the most passionate kiss I had ever received. My knees went weak and I had to embrace her or I would have collapsed. She pulled back and smiled as she began to unbutton my top. Exposing my breasts with the last button undone, her hands reached up and started to expertly massage my tits, tweaking my nipples with her fingers. Kristi leaned in again for another kiss and our tongues began to wrestle as she let go of my tits. Her hands went to the waistband of my bottoms and pushed them down over the swell of my ass. Gravity did the rest and I kicked off the pants to where she had tossed my top.

Kristi gently lowered me to my bed and began rubbing her hands all over my naked body. Everywhere she touched, goosebumps arose from my skin. Spreading my legs apart, she climbed up on the bed and lowered her face to my pussy. Oh shit did this lady know how to eat a girl out! Her tongue and fingers quickly and skillfully brought me off to several quick climaxes. I was writhing on the bed, my brain not even thinking about how freaky this all was. I was all about the pleasure Kristi was giving me. She stopped eating me and began to lick her way up my body. Briefly pausing to dip her tongue in my navel, she trailed up to my breasts. Starting with the right one, Kristi sucked and nibbled on my nipple getting it even harder than it had been. Then she move to the left one. My nipples were so hard at that point, they were aching, the blood rushing through them pounding with the beats of my heart. All this time, her fingers were playing with the folds of my vagina, lightly teasing my clit and pushing into my hole only to pull back out after she brushed my g spot. I was nearing another orgasm when she took her hand away. I moaned in frustration and she swatted my hip. "Hey, little girl! No pouting." I opened my eyes in surprise to see Kristi looking down at me in mock sternness but I could see the twinkle of merriment in her gaze. She leaned in to kiss me again, letting me faintly taste myself on her lips when I felt the tip of that monster dildo press against my pussy hole.

I knew that there was no way in hell that the whole thing would fit in me but Kristi just started thrusting her hips. Little by little, with each thrust, the strap on disappeared into my body until I felt the leather of the harness touching my body. Holy hell! I had never been so filled in my life. I could feel every detail of the dildo as my pussy clenched it tightly. Kristi began to pull it out to only where the head was still in me but reversed course and pushed again. Starting a rhythm of pushing and pulling, she began to fuck me like a porn star pro. Her tits were mashed against mine, our nipples rubbing together with every thrust of her body. I wrapped my legs around her and lifted my ass off the bed to get her as deep into me as was possible. I felt the stirrings of a massive orgasm brewing deep in me. My nostrils flared trying to get in as much oxygen as possible as I then let out this massive scream. I clenched down as the orgasm ripped through my body. Still Kristi pumped into me, never stopping or even slowing down. Another wave hit me and then even another one when that one subsided. I saw stars in my eyes as I blacked out from all of the pleasure she was giving me. The last thing I remember before succumbing to the darkness was her whispering "Merry Christmas" in my ear.

I woke up in my bed, dressed in my pajamas. Oh shit, what a dream I had. I have to stop perving LitErotica right before going to sleep, I thought to myself as I made my way to the kitchen to pour myself a cup of coffee. Prepping the fireplace, I got a merry little fire started before sitting down in my favorite chair. That's when I noticed the package. It was wrapped in red with a white lace bow. Curiosity got the better of me and I quickly tore it open. In the box was the red and white dildo. My mouth fell open as I read the card attached. Thanks for the eggnog and the wonderful time. Love Kristi.