 My fourth and final fictional Kristy story, about how she seduces a reluctant virgin into the joys of girl-girl sex.

***

The area hadn't experienced a snowstorm as fierce as this one in several decades. Roads were closed, trees were down, and power was out across most of the city. The experts had predicted a strong winter storm, but nothing like this.

So the girls who hadn't left Epsilon House prior to about six o'clock that Saturday afternoon were stuck. No one else would be leaving, and nobody who was gone would be coming back any time soon. Five Sisters, all with plans for later that evening, were trapped, sheltered within the confines of the sorority house, but disappointed in having those plans changed.

Kristy Spencer was one of those unlucky Sisters. She'd been planning on going to a club that evening, along with her good friend Jenni Lee, and the sorority vice president, Marie. Katie and her boyfriend, Jess, had planned a double date with Lindsay and her guy, Dave; but between the time the guys arrived and they were able to leave, the unparalleled storm had abruptly set in. They were probably lucky, though, as they might have been on the road, rather than safe and warm inside Epsilon House.

The power had gone out almost immediately, and Marie quickly gathered candles, providing enough light to see by. She added a log to the seldom-used fireplace, and a crackling fire proved sufficient to warm the living area. Katie and Jenni Lee assembled a platter of chips, pretzels, and dip, while Lindsay made sandwiches and Kristy mixed up a pitcher of margaritas.

Following their improvised dinner, Jenni Lee suggested a game of "Truth or Dare." With nothing better to do, the seven stranded students gathered near the fireplace and waited for someone to start.

Marie began. "Kristy, truth or dare?"

"Truth," Kristy smiled.

"When was the last time you masturbated?"

Had the lights been on, the group would have seen that both Katie and Jess were blushing. The question didn't faze the unflappable Kristy, however. "It's been a really long time, you know?" she said.

"Yeah," Marie pushed, "but when?"

"Not since last night," Kristy said seriously, and everyone laughed at that. "I usually need it twice a day, at least." More laughter.

The game proceeded in this way for a while, with a series of embarrassing but lighthearted questions. But when it came to Katie's turn, emboldened by one of Kristy's very strong margaritas, she said "Dare!"

Jenni Lee had been instrumental in helping Katie get past her embarrassment about her little breasts. Katie had long disguised her small chest by wearing a padded bra, and then further enhancing her look by stuffing it with tissues. Both Jenni Lee and Kristy had helped her realize that she didn't need such artificial aids, that most men didn't care about the size of a girl's boobs, and that many actually preferred smaller breasts. And with Katie's petite figure, her breasts were in perfect proportion to the rest of her.

So, responding to Katie's choice of 'dare,' Jenni Lee told her to remove her sweater, blouse and bra, and show everyone her boobs. Katie wasn't expecting this, and her old inhibitions rose briefly to the surface. But she quickly overcame her hesitation, removed her sweater, and began to unbutton her top. She had her blouse off in a few seconds, then hesitated only a moment before removing her bra, exposing her small but perfectly formed breasts, her nipples surprisingly erect, to everyone. Her face turned bright red as everyone applauded, but as the room was still a bit chilly, she quickly pulled her sweater back on.

When Lindsay's turn came up, she also selected 'dare.' Marie instructed her to select one of the other Sisters for her boyfriend, Dave, to make out with for one minute.

That caught Lindsay off guard. She wasn't used to sharing her boyfriend. She glanced around, her eyes returning to Marie. "Okay, Sister Marie, I choose you."

Marie and Dave stood up and moved slowly toward each other. Dave put his arms around her, and their lips met. They kissed deeply and passionately, Lindsay keeping one eye on her boyfriend and Marie, the other on her watch. "Time's up," she said before her watch reached the sixty-first second. She quickly grabbed her boyfriend by the arm and dragged him back beside her on the sofa, to the amusement of all. Lindsay pretended to be annoyed, but seeing Marie's lipstick on Dave's face, she broke up in laughter. 

When it was Kristy's turn to ask a question, she turned to Katie's boyfriend, Jess. "Truth or dare, Jess?"

"Truth," he replied nervously.

"Have you and Katie made love yet?"

Jess's face turned red. "Um..." Katie's face was just as red, and she looked the other direction. "Can I change my mind?" Jess asked. "Can I say 'dare' instead?"

"Okay," Kristy responded, "but no chickening out, all right?"

"What do I have to do?" he asked, trepidation in his voice.

"Anything I say," Kristy replied firmly.

Resignation in his voice, Jess said "Okay."

"All right, Jess. Katie took her top off for us. You're going to take your pants off, and keep them off for the next ten minutes!"

Jess's eyes grew wide at that. He glanced at Katie, who gave him an encouraging smile. Jess gave a defeated nod, then undid his belt. He slid his jeans down, bringing into view his white cotton briefs. He expected to hear 'tighty-whities,' but no one was laughing.

It was Lindsay's turn to ask a question, and she called on Katie, who requested a dare. "This one should be easy for you," said Lindsay. "I want you take off your top again, and make out with Jess for two minutes."

Katie smiled. This one really was easy. She stood, whipped off her sweater, and faced a very nervous Jess. She put her arms around him, and lips met in a comfortable and familiar kiss. She pulled herself close to him, her small breasts pressed against his chest. When the two minutes were called, Katie broke the kiss and stepped away, pulling her sweater back on.

But the rest of the Sisters were letting out hoots and hollers, responding to the rather powerful erection pressing out from Jess's underwear. When Katie noticed the cause of the unexpected response, her face turned three shades of red, a color matched only by Jess's own. Only Dave refused to stare, and Jess was glad for that.

When Dave's turn came around, he looked at Kristy, then glanced over at Jenni Lee. "How about it, Kristy? Truth or dare?

Kristy, finishing up her third margarita, said "Dare!"

"I dare you to take your top off, and make out with Jenni Lee for two minutes."

Both girls' eyes lit up at that! Kristy had her top off in less than thirty seconds, her large, firm boobs and erect nipples on display. She eagerly took an equally enthusiastic Jenni Lee in her arms, lips and tongues immediately seeking those of the other girl. Even after the two minutes had elapsed, they almost had to be dragged apart.

Wild cheers erupted from most of the others, although Jess was a little restrained, and Katie was silent. Kristy noticed the lack of a smile on Katie's face, and made a mental note to ask her about it later.

***

Before the night was over, each of the five Sisters had bared both top and bottom for the group, although neither of the guys had to expose anything beyond his underwear. The girls knew that, while the Epsilon sisters were exhibitionists, the guys probably were not. They wanted their guests to have a good time, and pushing them to go any further than their underwear might have been too much.

It was after two in the morning by the time the alcohol had pushed everyone beyond their limits, and sleeping arrangements were being discussed.

Both of Lindsay's roommates were out, so she grabbed a candle and led Dave to her room. Marie, more than a little tipsy, staggered back to her room, alone. Katie and Jess, both tipsy as well, sat awkwardly on the sofa, while Kristy and Jenni Lee were making out again, hands exploring each other's bodies.

"I don't believe what I'm seeing," mumbled Katie, kissing Jess and asking whether the sofa would be all right for him, because she was going to her room. Jess told her it was fine, and she gave him another kiss before disappearing up the stairs.

Oblivious to Jess's presence, Kristy and Jenni Lee soon had their tops off. Jess pretended to go to sleep, but kept his eyes open a crack, enough to watch the nearly pornographic display before him.

A few minutes later, Kristy and Jenni Lee were fully nude and engaged in the sixty-nine position. The last thing Jess remembered was seeing the two women lying on the floor in front of the fireplace, pulling a blanket over themselves and, arms and legs intertwined, falling asleep.

***

With no alarm clocks working, no one was up before eleven o'clock the following morning. Marie was the first one to stumble through the living room and into the kitchen, desperate for a cup of coffee. Dismayed that the power was still out, she found that at least the hot water was working. She tried to make a cup of instant coffee using just hot tap water. The coffee didn't fully dissolve, but she was desperate enough to drink it anyway.

Soon everyone but Katie had gathered in the kitchen, making do with cold cereal and fresh fruit for breakfast. Kristy was keenly aware of the young blond's absence. Exchanging a concerned glance with Jenni Lee, she headed upstairs.

Hearing no response to a few lights taps on the door, Kristy let herself into Katie's room, finding her lying perfectly still under the covers, a pillow over her face. Kristy sat on the edge of the bed and gave Katie a light pat on the shoulder. Katie shook her shoulders defiantly, refusing any further response.

"Katie?" No answer. "Katie, are you all right? Talk to me."

Katie abruptly sat up, angrily tossing the pillow aside. Her red eyes showed that she'd been crying. "What do you want, Kristy?"

Kristy was taken aback. In all the months they'd known each other, it was the first time that Katie didn't address her as 'Sister Kristy.'

"What is it, Katie? What's the matter?"

"I had so much respect for you!"

"Had?"

"You and Jenni Lee both."

"I don't understand."

"I'm not that naïve. I know guys like watching girls make out."

"Yeah, and?"

"But you and Jenni Lee were enjoying yourselves. And then, when we were going to bed, you were at it again."

"I don't see what the problem is."

"Two girls together is... it's unnatural."

"Feels pretty natural to me," Kristy replied casually.

"But I've seen you with guys lots of times," Katie said with a sob, tears filling her eyes. "I never imagined you were a..."

"A what, Katie?"

"A lesbian. Okay, I said it. Is that what you wanted?"

"I'm not a lesbian," Kristy replied softly.

"But..." Another sob. "You and Jenni Lee... you were..."

"Katie, have you ever told me that you loved me?"

"Yes, I did. And I meant it. But now..."

"Well, I love you, and I love Jenni Lee."

"What's that got to do with..." Katie choked back another sob.

"And sometimes we like to express our love. Especially on a cold, lonely night. Like last night."

"But my mother always told me that having sex with someone of the same gender..."

"Yes?"

Katie took a deep breath. "It's a sin."

Kristy's worst fears had been confirmed. She gave it a moment's thought, then said "Well, what about showing off your body for strangers? Isn't that a sin, too?"

Katie considered the question. "Well, I suppose so..."

"So why did you do it? Why do you keep doing it?"

"Well, I did it to get into Epsilon. It was a requirement."

"And you learned to enjoy it, right?"

Katie was looking at her bare feet. She didn't respond.

"And why do you enjoy it?"

Another deep breath. "Well, you and Sister Jenni Lee taught me to love my body. Once I realized that guys didn't care how small my boobs were, it was like this huge weight was lifted from my heart."

"Keep talking."

"I was so ashamed of my breasts, you know that. When I realized how perfect my boobs were for me, I wanted to show them to everybody." A trace of a smile crossed her face. "And I loved the reactions I got, too."

"So you enjoy flashing?"

"Yeah," Katie said softly. "I really do."

"Even though it's a sin?"

The tears began to flow again. "Oh, Sister Kristy," Katie sobbed. "I'm so confused."

Kristy offered her arms, and Katie fell into her warm embrace. They held each other for several long, comfortable minutes.

Having collected herself, Katie finally broke the silence, and the embrace. "I haven't even had sex with Jess yet."

"Still holding on to your cherry, huh?" Kristy grinned.

"I want to have sex. I'm ready. But I think Jess is nervous. I think he's a virgin, too."

"But you'd have sex with him, if he asked, right?"

"If he ever does, yeah, I would."

"But isn't sex before marriage a sin, too?"

Katie met Kristy's eyes. "My God, I'm such a hypocrite, Sister Kristy."

"Tell you what, Katie," Kristy smiled. "Talk with Jess, if you want to. Tell him you're ready. Make sure he wears a condom, of course."

Katie blushed at that. "But what if he doesn't want to? I mean have sex?"

"He wanted to last night. The bulge in his underwear made that pretty obvious."

"I don't know."

"Do you trust me, Katie?"

Katie nodded eagerly. "Trust between Epsilon Sisters is absolute."

"He's not going to turn you down. I think he's nervous, but I promise you he wants it too."

"Okay," Katie said, putting on her first smile of the morning. "I'll do exactly that."

"Then if you want to talk about... other things, I'm always here for you."

Katie's smile brightened. "I do love you, Sister Kristy!"

"Oh, and I love you too, Katie. Now go talk to Jess, and go get laid!"

***

A busy week followed. Between classes, homework, and cleaning up after the storm, the Sisters were left with little spare time. The following Saturday morning was the first chance Katie had to talk with Kristy.

"We did it last night, Sister Kristy," Katie said, not a trace of excitement in her voice.

"Did what?"

"Jess and I had sex last night."

"You don't sound very enthused."

"It wasn't exactly what I'd expected."

Kristy offered a sympathetic smile. "Hurt, huh?"

"Yeah, it did. And it was over so quickly. Once he was inside me, well..."

"Did you get anything out of it?"

"We did a lot of kissing and touching first, but... well, he did admit he was a virgin too, and he..."

"He was clumsy, and awkward, had no clue what he was doing, right?"

"Yup."

"He knew where to put it, and he did, and it hurt, and then it was over."

Katie giggled. "What, were you watching?"

"No, but I've taken a couple of guy-cherries, and they're always the same," Kristy told her. "Give him a little more practice, if you want to. He'll probably get better."

Kristy always had a way of making Katie feel better. Katie smiled and gave her a hug. "Thanks for being there for me, Sister Kristy."

"Any time, Sweetie. Any time."

***

Another week went by, and Katie approached Kristy on Saturday morning. "Got a minute, Sister Kristy?"

"For you, I have two," she chuckled.

"Jess and I had sex again last night."

"Was it any better?"

"It didn't hurt so much this time, but I still didn't get much out of it."

"What do you do when you masturbate?"

Katie's mouth fell open. "Sister Kristy!"

"What?" Kristy asked innocently.

"That's kind of personal, isn't it?"

"At Epsilon, nothing is too personal to discuss with your sisters, Katie. You know that trust..."

"...between Epsilon Sisters is absolute," Katie finished for her.

"So tell me!"

Katie hesitated, her face pink. "How do you know I masturbate?"

"Let me check something," Kristy said, placing her hand over Katie's heart. She moved her hand down long enough to caress Katie's breast very lightly, causing the younger girl to flinch, then withdrew her hand.

Kristy put on a serious face, and said "You're breathing, and you have breasts. That's how I know you masturbate."

Katie broke down in giggles. "Okay, you caught me. But it's still kinda personal."

Kristy shook her head. "We all do it, every girl in the sorority, every girl on campus, every girl in the state. We all do it, and there's nothing wrong with it, either."

Katie nodded. "But still..."

"You have any plans for tonight, Sweetie?"

"Not really, but..."

"You do now. See you around seven?"

"Okay, if you say so."

"Great, then it's a date."

***

The house was empty, except for Kristy and Katie, who'd been sitting in the living area, watching an old black-and-white Sherlock Holmes movie on the big screen TV.

"I need a favor, Katie," said Kristy. "If you don't mind."

"Sure, Sister Kristy. You know I'll do anything for you. You've done so much for me."

"I need some inspiration. Would you mind coming upstairs with me?"

Katie hesitated only briefly as Kristy bounced up the stairs. Curiosity overcoming any doubts, the younger girl darted right up the steps after her.

"Have you learned anything from me, Sweetie?" Kristy asked.

"Oh, only enough to fill a library or two," Katie smiled.

"And do you trust me?"

"Trust between Epsilon Sisters is absolute!"

"Well, as the Brits would say, I need a good wank." Katie stared, mystified. "I need to masturbate."

Katie still stared silently, her face turning bright red. "Then I guess I'd better leave."

"No," Kristy said sincerely. "I want you here. I want to watch you while I touch myself."

Total shock. "You do?"

"We talked about it a little, a couple of weeks back, remember?"

"You mean you and Jenni Lee?"

"Yeah. You don't need to do anything. I just want you to undress for me, and let me watch you."

That was about the last thing Katie was expecting. "Um..."

"Will you do that Katie," Kristy asked. "For me?"

Katie considered for a moment, then began to unbutton her blouse. Kristy did the same, and the young blond found herself riveted by the sight.

Once nude, Kristy lay on the bed and unabashedly brought a hand down between her widely spread legs. Her eyes were fixed on Katie, and she took in every detail of her petite body as she slowly undressed. Katie removed her blouse and bra, surprised to find her nipples fully erect. Kristy marveled at the perfect shape of Katie's small breasts, as she continued to caress her sex.

And Katie couldn't tear her eyes away. She soon had her jeans and panties off, and she too reached for her womanly treasure. Each girl watched the other, arousal growing. Katie sat on the far end of the bed, slowly exploring the folds of her labia, her middle finger quickly focusing on her clitoris. Within a couple of minutes, Kristy couldn't hold back any longer, and let the orgasm course through her body. This was all Katie needed, and she too was soon moaning in pleasure.

Suddenly the room felt very cold. Kristy crawled under her comforter, silently inviting Katie to join her. Weak-kneed after her amazing climax, Katie moved over to Kristy and slid between the covers. The two naked young women, reveling in post-orgasmic bliss, wrapped their arms around each other. Within minutes, both were sound asleep.

***

Katie awoke with a start when Kristy's bedroom door opened. Kristy's roommate Taylor stumbled in, obviously tipsy, but still in full command of her senses. When she saw Katie in Kristy's bed, she didn't bat an eye. She changed into her pajamas, waved goodnight, and padded out of the room, closing the door behind her.

"Sister Kristy," Katie whispered, and Kristy opened one eye. "Sister Taylor saw us together."

Kristy opened her other eye. "And?"

"She saw me in bed with you," Katie said. "She's going to think we had sex."

"My God," Kristy said mockingly. "She's going to tell Christina, and they'll kick us out of Epsilon! We'll be expelled, never get a job, and wind up living in a shopping basket." She closed her eyes and lowered her head to the pillow.
