 If there was ever a reason to go to the salon to get my hair done every two weeks other than to enhance my beauty, it was to admire Beauty. Look at her, she is fine as hell! What I wouldn't do to get my hands on her locs, and I don't mean to twist them. Well actually, I would love to twist them and pull them and grab them and oh my bad, got lost in my thoughts. Anyway back to Beauty, and yes that is her name. It's not her government, just what everyone calls her and if you could see her you would know why. I personally don't like the name, and would rather call her by her government, but seeing as though I have never said more than hi to her, it doesn't really matter, huh? Not to mention, I don't know her government.

Beauty is 5' 8" with a milk chocolate complexion and locs down her back. The first time I ever saw her was 6 months ago here at the salon. I had just sat down under the dryer when she walked in. She had on a baby blue polo shirt, blue and white sneakers to match, a baby blue "B" hat and some jeans (not too baggy, not too tight). I didn't realize how hard I was staring at her until she looked at me and I couldn't avert my eyes. It was one of those times that you can't move your eyes fast enough and you're like a deer caught in headlights. Instead of giving me that "what the hell you staring at look" she said "What's up" and all I could respond was "Hi." I looked away after that and pulled out my book and started reading, while stealing a few glances here and there, of course. From that moment on she was mine to admire. 

I was able to find out from my hairdresser, Keena that everyone called her Beauty and that she came to the shop to get her hair done every two weeks at the same time. This wasn't my usual day and time, but I had someplace to be that coming weekend and needed to get in where I could fit in. After that day though, I was a regular on Fridays at 5:30pm, the worst time to go to the shop, but she made it worth my while. 

As I was sitting waiting to get my hair styled (my locs were dry) and watching Beauty get her hair done as usual, my ex-girlfriend walked in the shop. At first she didn't see me, and I was thankful for that, but then, who should roll in after her, the girlfriend. Of course I don't like her and she doesn't like me, but I have good reason, she's the one my ex cheated on me with, and she just so happens to be my god sister. Ain't that some shit! My god sister saw me of course and decided to act like there was no love lost between us. I don't do drama and she knows that, so she used that to her advantage. Even when I found out the truth, as hurt as I was I let it go. I let it be known to Joy and my ex that I wanted nothing to do with them. I see Joy from time to time because our families are connected, but we rarely speak and if we do its, hi and bye. Lately though, Joy has been trying to connect with me and I don't know why. She sends messages through my mom, her godmother. My mother knows I don't care what Joy has to say, but she wants us to patch things up. I don't see the need.

"Hey Kye, what's popping?" she sat down next to me

I really did not want to respond, but the stupid in me spoke up. "Hey Joy, how you been?" I said with no emotion.

"Well, all is well. I can't complain. I thought I would have seen you last weekend at my mom's cookout, but you didn't make it. You're mom said something about you being out of town."

That was a lie. My black ass was home chilling. My mom just didn't want to tell them that I refused to come over there because I can't stand my god sister. Everyone knows what the deal is, but they all want to act like shit is kosher. I wanted to tell her the real deal, but I can't put my mom out there like that. "Yeah, I was out of town, sorry I missed it. I'm sure it was nice. You're mom always has good cookouts."

"No doubt. It's nice seeing you here though. I didn't think I would see you here on a Friday though, I thought you came on Saturdays?" she said inquisitively.

Nosey ass!

"Depends on what is going on with my schedule." She doesn't need to know my business. Not to mention she was taking away from my time to stare. Ugh, what did she want?

"So Kye, I know your mom has been telling you that I'm trying to get in touch with you, but I haven't heard from you. I wanted to talk to you about something." She sounded so serious

"Yeah she told me, but I'm busy these days. What's up?" I didn't really care, but she seemed like she had something serious to tell me. If she were dying, my mom would have told me, so I know its nothing like that.

"Well I wanted to be the one who told you and not have you hear it in the streets or from your mom." As she was talking my ex walked up to us. She must have seen the serious face Joy had on and was worried about the conversation. I don't even like being in the same building as her, let alone close enough that I could smack the shit out of her.

"Babe, what's going on? You alright?" My ex asked Joy.

Maybe I do want her close enough so I can smack the black off her. She likes to get me going, but I'm not even falling for that shit. 

"We cool Kay, don't worry. I'm not upsetting your girl." I didn't even look at her.

"Kay, can you give us a second please? I'll be over there when I'm done." She asked in a pleading tone. Kay walked away. Thank you God.

Whatever it was she wanted to tell me must have been some real shit. Let's get this over with.

"So what I wanted to tell you was that, umm...Kay and I are engaged." She showed me her hand. 

To say I was shocked was an understatement. I mean they had only been together for 4 months, or at least that is what I thought. We broke up 3 and half months ago and they told me they had been kicking it for two weeks when I caught them. Oh yeah, I had been admiring Beauty when I was still with Kay, but there is no law against that. I was just looking. Anyway, past shocked is what I was, but not because they were engaged, that's that lesbian shit, but can you believe Joy's ring is the same exact one my ex and I picked out for us. This was my opportunity to hurt her back, to let her know that the love of her life loved her so much that she gave her the ring that she had already purchased for me but never gave me because....oh shit, wait a minute. I just got played again! That bitch! I didn't even look at Joy, I got up and started walking over to my ex when my hairdresser called my name. She was ready to style me. I didn't realize how angry I was until I felt the tears streaming down my face as I walked over to Keena's chair and walked right past Beauty. Keena asked me if I was ok. I told her I would be as soon as I was able to get out of there. Keena did her magic and was done in 15 minutes. As I walked out the shop I turned and looked at Joy and Kay. They were oblivious to the pain they had just caused me and were all lovey dovey. Fuck them! 

Before I could get out the door, someone grabbed my hand. I turned around and it was Beauty. I wish I could say her touch was enough to make the hurt dissipate but it wasn't. I was surprised to see her standing in my face and holding my hand. She must have seen the surprise on my face because she let go.

"Hey, I didn't mean to grab you, I just wanted to get your attention before you left." She was smiling. Damn she is so cute.

"It's alright. Just wasn't expecting it." I said back. I wished I could be more excited, but I was all screwed up in my head at that moment.

"I know you're on your way out, but I was hoping I could get your number or give you mine before you left." Beauty said this with sincerity. I wonder what sparked the interest.

"Umm, I can give you my number. You have something to write it on?" I was confused, but not stupid. This was my chance. Beauty pulled out her phone.

"What's your number?" She asked me.

"I don't mean to sound rude, but why are you asking me for my number now? We've seen each other so many times before. What's different this time?" I really didn't know what this was about.

She looked me dead in my eyes. "Well when you walked past me earlier you were crying. I hate to see women cry, it pains me." She sounded genuine saying this.

"So you want my number because I was crying? I don't get it." 

"Okay, well now I don't mean to sound rude, but I have to get back under the dryer. As you can see my hair is dripping water down my back. So if you give me your number I can call you later and talk to you about it." 

"Oh, I'm sorry. My number is 617.." she stopped me

"Hold on, what's your name first sweetie?" 

I tried everything not to smile. "It's Kye, K-Y-E."

"Okay, now what's your number?" 

I gave her my number and she put it in her phone. She told me she would give me a call later tonight. I told her I looked forward to hearing from her. I left the shop smiling to the high heavens, but still had a heavy heart. I walked to my car got in and headed home. 

It was about 8'o clock when my cell phone rang with an unrecognizable number. The area code wasn't a Boston extension, so I wasn't sure who it could be, but I hoped it was her. 

"Hello." I said as I answered the phone, trying not to sound anxious.

"Hello, may I speak to Kye?" It was her! She sounded so sexy.

"This is Kye." I had to play it off. "Who's calling?" 

"Hey Kye. It's me Beauty. Are you busy?"

"No. I was just reading. How are you?" I didn't know what else to say. I didn't really expect her to call, just hoped she would.

"Reading, huh? You always got your nose in a book. That's wassup. What you reading?" She asked me, sounding like she was trying to make small talk.

I got a little embarrassed because I was reading lesbian erotica. I'm not ashamed of what I like, but I didn't want her to think I was some sex addict. At least not until I knew I was going to be able to work on my addiction with her. "I'm reading a book of short stories." Left open to the imagination.

"Uh huh, you reading some freaky shit, ain't you? She laughed.

Laughing too, I said "Define freaky?"

"I'll define that at another time in another way." That time she sounded sexy as hell. I felt a little tingle in pussy. Time to change the subject.

"So Beauty, you ready to explain to me why my tears prompted a desire to call me?" I was really curious about this.

"As I said before, I hate to see women cry. It pains me. When you walked past me and I saw the tears I was instantly hurt with you. I wanted to console you, but I don't know you like that. I decided I would give you my number or get yours and see if I could try to put a smile back on your face somehow." I could hear her smile through the phone. She was for real

"Well I'm smiling now. Mission complete." I responded back. I hoped she didn't take that as me wanting to terminate this conversation. I definitely did not.

"Naw, my mission ain't complete. I'll let you know when it is." She said that with dominance. Damsel in distress at your service.

"Okay then, so what do you have in mind?" I asked. At this point, I wasn't sure what to think of Beauty's intentions. As attracted as I was to her, I don't know shit about her. In the 6 months that I had been admiring her, I never inquired about more than her name. My hairdresser offered her schedule to me, kind of absentmindedly, but nothing more. Keena isn't one of those gossipy people.

"Well for starters if you don't mind telling me, I'd like to know what was bothering you so much earlier. I need to know what kind of mission I'm on." 

"Are you trying to make me sad all over again? I just stopped thinking about it right before you called." I responded

"I never want to make any woman sad, that is not my purpose. I just want to be an ear. Maybe you need to vent." She was so sweet. She didn't even have that playah vibe about her. 

"Well, when I was waiting for Keena to style my hair my god sister and her girlfriend walked in. My god sister is dating my ex now." She interrupted me

"I hope you're not crying over no good for nothing biatch!" 

"No, let me finish. I'm over her and the shit they did to me. What hurt me was my god sister told me that she and my ex are engaged. That I don't care about either. The fucked up part was that the ring my ex gave her was the same ring she and I picked out. She even purchased when we were together and said she would propose when she felt the time was right. In my mind at that time we were going to be together forever. We'd been together for close to a year and everything seemed great. Nothing's perfect, but we were good together I thought. Anyway, back to my point. When I saw the ring, I started thinking about how I had a chance to hurt my ex and tell her that my ex originally bought that ring for me when I realized that my ex didn't buy it for me. She was already cheating with my god sister and she used me to pick out a ring for her. I felt like I got played all over again. That hurt. So when you saw me I was about to go confront my ex but Keena called me to her chair before I could get to her. I was angry and I began to cry." 

"Oh damn mama, I'm sorry. That is some fucked up shit, but you know she ain't worth it and it's a good thing that Keena was ready for you. Only God knows what kind of shit would have popped off if you said something to her." 

She was right. Like I said before, I don't do drama, at least not in public, but don't make me angry because then I might lose control. 

"I'm cool now. I was just pissed at that moment. I couldn't believe Kay, that's my ex. She was a sneaky bitch and I was clueless. I don't know why she didn't just break up with me an do her thing. I would have been hurt, especially knowing she was leaving me for my family, but that's better than letting me catch you in the act." I was getting mad again

"You caught them in the act? Please do not tell me it was in your place." She almost sounded like she was entertained.

"Naw, it wasn't my place, it was our place."

"Your ex fucked your god sister in the home ya'll shared together?" Shock in her voice

"Nope. My god sister and I lived together. I had let her move in like 2 months after my ex and I started dating. Bad move, I know. But she was family and she wanted to get out of her mom's house. I know the feeling and I wanted to help her. I had the room and it never hurts to have extra income." It was nice talking to her. As much as I hated telling this story, it wasn't that bad this time. She seemed interested. Well most people are when you're spilling drama.

"So Kye, tell me a little more about yourself, minus your ex. She's doesn't sound like she is worth many more words, your god sister either." 

Beauty and I talked for another 3 hours about any and everything. I found out that she was the same age as me, 28 and had no children. She graduated from Boston University with a degree in Art and is now working in the Boston public school system as an Art teacher. She's been thinking about starting a community organization for inner-city youth that are interested in art. She moved here from Maryland to attend school, which explains the area code. She also loves dogs and has an English Boxer named Shane. 

I shared a lot about myself with her too. I told her that I am currently a Domestic Violence counselor at a local clinic and I graduated with my MSW from Salem State College. I have no children, but have started the process to be a foster parent for teenagers exclusively, although I doubt that I could say no to any child that needed a home. I do not like pets at all, especially dogs, but I always seem to meet women that have dogs. I've gotten used to them, but I still don't like them.

I didn't realize that it was past 11 o'clock until Beauty mentioned that we had been talking for 3 hours. 

"Damn, I didn't know I had so much to say. Thanks for listening to me." I was grateful. 

"I don't really want to stop listening. I wont be offended if you say no, but can I come over. If you're tired, I don't mind listening to you sleep." Now that was a playah line! But I liked it. Besides, there ain't no way I'm saying no to the chance to be close to Beauty.

"Sure you can come over." I tried not to sound so excited

I gave Beauty my address and she told me it would take her like 20 minutes. That wasn't a lot of time, so as soon as we hung up I hopped in the shower, got all the important areas and got out. I lotioned my body as fast as I could with shea butter and threw on some shorts, my bra and a tank top. Nope, no panties. Beauty got to my place in 20 minutes like she said. I was looking out the window when she pulled up. I decided to greet her at the door instead of making her ring the bell. 

"It's nice seeing you again, Kye" She said as she gave me a hug. She smelled so good.

"Likewise Beauty." I said as I hugged her back and then led her into the house.

Beauty had a backpack with her. I assumed that she was staying over seeing as how late it was. I told her to have a seat on the couch and asked her if she wanted anything to drink. She asked for water. I brought out a bottle of water for her and for myself. I sat down next to her and drank my water. I was feeling shy even though I'd had a 3-hour conversation with her just a half hour ago. She must have sensed my shyness.

"Don't get all timid on me now. Talk to me. Unless you're sleepy and need your rest. I don't mind tucking you in and watching you sleep." She was flirting

"Let me ask you a question. Did you notice me before today?" I had been wondering that all this time, but couldn't ask. I decided now was as good a time as any.

She started chuckling. "Of course I did. I see you every time I get my hair done. How can I not notice you?"

"It's just that you have never said more than "What's up" to me, until today when I look like hell. Why is that?" 

"I guess I shouldn't have made an assumption, but I figured you would talk to me one day. I've seen you watching me. You never did. Today I felt that I had to talk to you. I didn't like seeing you like that." She said sincerely and then she leaned over and kissed me. I thought I was going to melt. The kiss was soft and passionate. I didn't want it to end, but it did.

"Why did you stop?" I asked disappointedly

"To be honest with you this wasn't my intention when I stopped you at the shop. Although I know you have been watching me and I thought you would talk to me one day, I didn't think it would go this far. I find you attractive and since getting to know you some tonight, I'm beginning to like you. I thought that once you talked to me it would be like it always is with these chicks I meet. We exchange numbers, we hang out, we hook up and they ain't about shit. Since I've been here, that has been my experience. Talking to you showed me different. You have your shit together and you're doing things. At least that is what I'm thinking now. I don't want to find out different a week from now."

I looked at Beauty and without saying anything I kissed her. I thought for a second she wasn't going to reciprocate but she did. I hoped my actions spoke loud enough for her to understand that I'm not those other chicks. She must have understood because she grabbed me closer to her and kissed me deep. I could feel the heat rising in my body and the juice building in my pussy. I moved myself so that I could sit straddled on her. Beauty pulled my tank top up and we broke from kissing for a second to get the tank off me. We resumed kissing and I could feel her grinding underneath me. My body responded and my hips began to move to her rhythm. I reached behind to unfasten my bra, but Beauty stopped me. Between our kisses she said, "Let me do the honors." No problem.

Beauty unfastened my bra and threw it to the floor. She cupped my left breast in her hand and brought her mouth to my nipple. Her lips felt so good sucking my nipple and her tongue was amazing. I got wetter thinking about her tongue in other areas. I dropped my head back and continued to grind against her and enjoyed the sensation of her mouth and tongue on my nipple. I was so turned on. I needed more. She must have read my mind because she motioned for me to lie down on the couch. I got off her and laid on the couch. She pulled my shorts off me and looked pleasantly surprised that I didn't have any panties on. Beauty was still clothed with a t-shirt on and basketball shorts. She took the t-shirt off and had a sports bra under. She didn't take that off. She then pulled her shorts off and left on her boxers. The sight of her in boxers and a sports bra turned me on more. I grabbed her hand and pulled her down to me. Beauty came willingly. 
