 Leyla is the hardest worker you'll ever meet. She busted her ass through high school, college, med school, etc. Her hard work continues on with any and everything she does. She's now a doctor and everyday is hard work....and stressful. 

Coming home from another long and stressful day of work had Leyla beat. She planned on having a glass of wine and slipping into bed early before her cell phone rang. She wasn't home for more than five minutes and already her cell was going off.

She looked at her phone and saw that it was her job. She sighed before answering the phone, "Hello?"

"Hi Dr. Morgan. We have a patient here by the name of Alexandra Castell. We found your name and number in her wallet. Do you know this woman?"

"Yes, Is she okay?"

"She was in a car accident but she's stable. Although, she's still unconscious. We couldn't find any family members of hers so I think you should get back down here. It's best if she wakes up to a familiar face."

Leyla ran out the door of her apartment and drove back to the hospital. On the drive there, she didn't know what to think. All she knew was that she hadn't seen Alex since she left ten years ago. 

Leyla and Alex were bestfriends ever since the day they met in junior high. They seemed to be total opposites in appearance but in reality they were so much alike. Leyla was your typical tall hottie but she didn't flaunt it; she didn't have to. She's naturally beautiful with her long wavy brown hair. Now Alex had that whole sexy bad girl look. She had a slightly exotic look due to her biracial background and although both girls were extremely good looking, they didn't carry that "I think I'm all that attitude." They were both really nice and I guess that was a surprise to most people.

Unlike Leyla, Alex didn't have the seemingly perfect life. Leyla came from a stable and supportive two parent home. On the other hand, Alex came from a recovering drug addicted mother who didn't try to get her life together. She never met her father and she had no siblings or family she knew of.

She often felt alone but Leyla always looked after her. Especially when her mom overdosed. Soon after, the Morgans adopted Alex and treated her as if she was their own. Leyla and Alex were more than bestfriends. They were practically sisters at that point. But after their high school graduation, Alex was gone and no one knew the reason why she left. She left without one word being said to Leyla or anyone else for that matter.

Leyla finally arrived and rushed into the hospital's ER. "Where is she?" She asked the nurse that phoned her.

"Follow me."

Leyla followed the nurse and watched her as she pulled back the curtain to where she assumed Alex to be.

"She was hit by a drunk driver. She has a few scrapes and bruises but she should be fine. She's one of the lucky ones." The nurse smiled, trying to comfort Leyla.

She heard the nurse as she spoke but she wasn't really listening. She was in shock from seeing her friend after ten years in a hospital bed. She started crying and wondering was this her fault. She was so mad at Alex when she left and she thought horrible things of her.

"I'll leave you alone with her." Said the nurse.

Leyla stared at Alex for while before she started opening her eyes.

"Hi." Alex smiled weakly.

"Hi." Leyla smiled with a tear rolling down her cheek.

"What happened?"

"You were in a car accident. A drunk driver hit you."

"Am I going to be okay?"

Leyla ran her fingers over the bandage above Alex's eye, "You're going to be more than okay. Just some scrapes and bruises."

They both just stared at each other, not believing their eyes. 

"Leyla, are you mad at me?"

"I was but it's hard to stay mad when you're lying in this hospital bed. I just don't understand why you left. Why did you leave Alex?"

"I'm sorry. I just had to get out of here."

"But why? Can you answer that? You owe me some type of explanation."

"It's complicated. I'm sorry but you won't understand."

Just as Leyla fixed her mouth to speak, a deep voice interrupted them. "Dr. Morgan can I have a moment with you?"

"I'll be right back." Leyla said and left Alex alone.

When Leyla left the room, Alex broke down in tears. She was overwhelmed by the entire situation. She was in pain from the accident and her brain was on overload. She couldn't stop thinking ever since she opened her eyes and saw her bestfriend. Looking at Leyla was too much for her and she knew eventually she would have to tell her why she left. She wanted to run away again.

When Leyla entered the room, Alex tried to hide any evidence that she was crying but it was too late. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I just really wanna get out of here and go home." Alex said, wiping her tears.

"I'll release you myself but you're coming home with me Al."

"Really I am okay. Like you said, "just some scrapes and bruises."

"You need someone to take care of you. You're obviously in pain and you shouldn't be alone after what just happened."

"Okay", was all Alex could say. What could she possibly say to convince Leyla she was alright to be home alone. She doesn't take no for an answer and she's a doctor after all.

After discharging Alex, Leyla got her to the car. They didn't really say much on the way to Leyla's place. It wasn't until they were walking into the apartment did Leyla say something. "I missed you so much Al."

"I missed you too Leyla."

They hugged each other for the first time in ten years. They were both crying and repeating how much they missed each other.

"I'm sorry I stayed away so long."

"You could've called, you know."

"I did but I begged your mom to promise not to tell you. I didn't want you to worry about me. I told her that I was safe."

"You called my mom instead of me? Is that how you got my number? Wow,I can't believe my mom was talking to you over the years and she didn't tell me about this. How about telling me, "your bestfriend" where you were or if you were okay? Why did you leave without saying anything to me?"

"I was afraid Leyla. I was ruining everything. Every time something was going great in my life it didn't last, you know that. When your parents adopted me, everything was perfect. But I knew I would find some way to mess it up and I did."

"No you didn't! What are you talking about? You didn't even give yourself a chance to just be happy for once. What made you so scared that you thought you would ruin everything? Better yet, what made you think it was okay to leave without even telling your bestfriend?"

Alex couldn't make up her mind rather or not she should tell Leyla why she left. She never told anyone what happen that night. She stood there trying to make up her mind and finally decided to tell her the story or least half of why she left.

"Umm do you remember graduation night?"

"Of course, you left that night."

"Well right after, I left to meet my dad for the first time. I was excited and angry to finally meet him. On one hand I wanted to hug him and never let him go. On the other I wanted to scream at him and ask him where had he been all my life. But when I got to his house, I quickly discovered that it was a crack house."

"Oh my god Alex. Please tell me that you didn't go in."

"Yeah I did. I regret it now. When he opened the door it was this familiar face. Leyla I've seen this guy a million times and didn't know he was my father. We sat down and talked for hours. I was on the road to forgiving him. He started telling me he was sorry and how beautiful I've become. He even started telling me how sexy I was and that freaked me out. I remember when my mom use to get high and she would tell me my dad loved me too much. I didn't understand. I thought maybe she was just talking shit because she was high but I realized that my mom was right. I mean, that's why she never let me meet him because she was protecting me. He tried to kiss me." Alex started crying, thinking about what happened that night.

"What else did he do to you?"

"He ripped off my underwear but I ran to the kitchen to grab something....anything. He caught me and pinned me down. I got one of my arms free and grabbed a knife. I...I stabbed him."

Alex just cried. She didn't want to say what happened last. 

"Did you kill him?"

She just nodded. Saying yes out loud was too hard. She killed a man, her father.

"It's okay Alex. You were protecting yourself. This doesn't make you a bad person. I love you, you could've told me this before. You didn't have to leave for ten years."

"I'm sorry. I was so afraid of what will happen to me."

"You don't have to talk about this anymore. I want you to get some rest so I'll show you to the guest room."

That night, neither one of them got any sleep. Both couldn't stop thinking about what Alex said and after all these years, they were just down the hall from each other. None of it seemed real. Alex was in pain; physically and emotionally. Seeing her friend after so long made her realize the other half of why she was initially leaving in the first place. So many thoughts ran through her mind that night.

The following morning, Leyla was awakened by her alarm clock. She always set it to wake up at 7am but she forgot she decided not to go to work. She got out of the bed, picked up her cell and called off for work. After making her phone call, she brushed her teeth and decided to start making some breakfast.

On her way to the kitchen, she was walking down the hall and saw that the guest room door was slightly opened. She peeked in to see Alex still sleeping. It kind of reminded her of the times when she would wake up early while Alex slept in. She would watch her sleep and admire how adorable her friend looked while she sleep. So finally she decided to enter the room. She walked over to the bed and set beside Alex. She couldn't help but notice how much Alex looked the same as she did when they were eighteen. 

Alex began to stretch and once she opened her eyes, she saw Leyla and smiled. "I see you're still a weirdo who likes to watch people sleep."

Leyla laughed, "Sorry, I just couldn't resist. I remembered how cute you looked when you sleep and just wanted to watch you. God, that does sound weird." She realized.

"No, I understand...I think." Alex teased.

"You know, you haven't changed." Said Leyla.

"Well, you haven't changed either. At least not physically."

"Yeah, I don't think my body will ever change."

"You say it like it's a bad thing. You have the perfect body and you're beautiful. You always have been."

That made Leyla blush. "Thanks, I guess I'll go make you breakfast now. You still like omelets, right?"

"Yeah, I'll help you."

"No, you need to relax."

"I'm not handicap....Oh my god!" Alex screamed.

"What's wrong?"

"My side really hurts."

"Lift up your shirt so I can take a look."

"That doesn't look normal."

"It's normal. Just think of it as the worst bruise you'll ever get. I hope they find the asshole that hit you. I'll rebandage everything after we eat and you bathe so stay here and relax, okay?"

"Okay."

With that, Leyla went to start on breakfast. It didn't take long to cook omelets. After they were done, she poured two glasses of orange juice and made her way back to the bedroom. "Breakfast for my lady."

Alex smiled, "Thank you."

"Your welcome."

They were both sitting there in the bed, enjoying their breakfast and catching up. "God, I can't believe it's been ten years."

"Yeah, I can't believe you're a doctor. Well actually I can. You were always caring and willing to help any and everyone. I missed that about you." Alex said sadly, trying to put on her happy smile.

Leyla wrapped her arms around Alex to try to make her feel better. Alex hugged Leyla tighter then leant back to look at her. "Your eyes, they're different."

"My eye color shift along with the mood I'm in. Don't you remember?"

"Of course, It's just...I've never seen your eyes change that color before. They're like a mixture of colors."

"I uhh...sometimes my eyes do that. I don't know why but I think I'll take these dishes to the kitchen and go run you some bath water. Be right back."

Leyla ran Alex's bath and went to her own bathroom to shower. After both were cleaned up, Leyla went back to the guest room. She knocked and waited for a response before opening the door. "Are you ready for me to change your bandages now?"

"Yeah, I think I need pain killers too."

"They're in my bathroom cabinet. We can just get those bandages of yours changed there."

"Okay." Alex followed Leyla.

"Two should do the trick."

"I hope so."

"You can sit here on the counter and take your shirt off."

Alex nodded and sat on the counter and did what she was told to do.

"You shouldn't be wearing that bra. You're putting too much pressure on that cut on your back."

Alex was a little nervous taking off her bra in front of Leyla and it showed. "It's okay. As cliche as it sounds, I am a doctor."

Alex smiled nervously as she took off her bra.

Leyla peeled off the bandages and examined the cuts and scrapes.

"Does everything look okay?"

"Everything looks good. I need you to get up and turn around so I can rebandage the one on your back." Leyla said, looking up at Alex. 

Alex stared back and turn to where she was facing the mirror. She felt so awkward with her breast on display in front of a mirror with her bestfriend behind her closely examining her body. Feeling Leyla's fingers on her body made her a little too hot to admit. She found herself getting lost in watching Leyla in the mirror. She turned around and kissed Leyla hard on the lips. Leyla returned the kiss, wrapping her arms around Alex's small waist. Leyla pushed her back on the counter after pulling down her shorts and panties. She watched Leyla as she licked her fingers seductively before rubbing them on her pussy.

"I'm done."

"What?" Alex realized she drifted into her own little fantasy world.

"I said I'm done." Leyla handed Alex her shirt. "Where were you a second ago?"

"I was just thinking."

"What were you thinking?"

"Nothing really."

"You know, you don't have to hide anything from me anymore."

"That is the coolest thing I've ever seen." Alex said, looking at Leyla somewhat distracted.

"You changed the subject."

"I'm sorry but your eyes just shifted from blue to that multi-color thing again. What does that mean?"

"I don't know. Sometimes it just happens. It doesn't mean I'm in any specific mood." Leyla said nervously.

Alex knew she was lying but didn't know why. "You know, you don't have to hide anything from me."

Leyla laughed. "Smart ass."

"Seriously, that is awesome...your eyes I mean."

"You are such a kid. You get excited by the tiniest things.

"Well, I'm around kids 24/7 so I'm bound to behave like one sometimes."

"So you became a teacher. That's great Al."

"Thanks. I tried high school kids but they weren't as enthusiastic and interested as my junior high kids."

"I have never seen you smile so hard in my life. You're an art teacher, aren't you?"

"Is it that obvious?"

"Yeah, I remember art was the only thing that got you excited. You would draw just about everything in sight."

"I remember. You know, I still have a picture I drew of you when you were sleeping."

"Seriously? I told you to get rid of that."

"I couldn't. It's one of my favorites."

"Out of all the amazing drawings you did, why'd you choose that to be one of your favorites?"

"I don't know. I guess because it's a drawing of you. I wanted to always have that memory of us, you know. The sleepovers and just waking up next to each other."

"Awww I miss those sleepovers. Do you remember the time my parents were out of town and we got wasted. The sad part about it is, I still can't remember what we did that night."

They both laughed but Alex couldn't help but think of that night. She remembered everything about that night. It was the night she realized she was in love with her bestfriend. But of course she couldn't tell Leyla that.

"Well, I called off from work today so we should stay in and watch movies like the good old times."

"Okay but I have to get back to my apartment to check on my baby."

"You have a baby?"

"Oh my god no. I have a dog, no kids. At least not yet."

"Right, so where do you live?"

"Actually, I don't live far from here. I can just show you."

"Before we leave, can I ask you something Alex?"

"The week of graduation...you were different. Did you already decide you were leaving before that situation happened with your father?"

"I did."

"Why didn't you just tell me then?"

"Because it would've ruined our friendship."

"What does that mean? You're not telling me anything. You know that, right?."

"Just know that I left because I care about you."

"You left because you care about me? C'mon, how could you possibly say you care. You left without saying anything." Leyla was clearly becoming pissed.

"You won't understand so can you just drop it?" Alex left the bathroom.

Leyla followed Alex to the living room. "No, not until you tell me the real reason why you left. And don't tell me you left because you cared about me."

"I don't want to talk about this so I'm leaving." Alex started walking towards the front door. As soon as she opened the door, Leyla quickly closed it and pinned Alex to the door.

"You're not running away this time. Not until you tell me."

"You're hurting me Leyla." Alex cried.

"So tell me!" 

"I was in love you, okay? Does that make everything better for you?"

Leyla let go of Alex's wrists and she stormed out of the door. Leyla stood there in shock for what seems like forever. She finally knew the real reason why her friend left. She was confused but she felt better knowing the truth. She looked around her apartment and saw Alex's coat. Leyla grabbed the coat and chased after Alex.

She hopped in the car, turned the heat on full blast and began searching for Alex. "She could have gotten far." She thought.

A couple blocks later she spotted Alex and drove up beside her. "Alex it's 20 something degrees out here and you don't have on your coat. Get in the car!"

Alex continued walking and ignored Leyla.

Leyla stopped the car and got out. She grabbed Alex's hand and pulled her so that they were facing each other. "C'mon. We need to talk. I'm sorry if I hurt you."

Tears streamed down Alex's face. "I'm sorry Alex. C'mon just get in the car."

Leyla finally convinced Alex to get in the car. And once they were both in the car, Alex remained quiet, afraid of what Leyla thought of her. 

"Are you still in love with me?"

Alex looked at Leyla, not believing what she was hearing. "What?"

"Are you still in love with me?" Leyla repeated.

"Why does it matter?" Alex asked, feeling a bit embarrassed by the question. 

Leyla stopped the car and turned off the engine in front of her apartment. She looked at Alex but Alex didn't look back. "It matters because...I'm in love with you and I need to know if you're still in love with me."

Alex finally looked at Leyla and her heart rate increased. She could hardly breathe and her body began to shake involuntarily. "I can't breathe!"

Leyla grabbed each side of Alex's face and went straight into doctor mode. "Look at me. You're having a panic attack. Just take deep breaths, okay?"

"I can't." Alex cried.

"C'mon Alex, take deep breaths like this." Leyla demonstrated.

Alex nodded and began taking deep breaths. After a minute, her heart rate was returning back to normal and Leyla was still holding Alex's face in her hands and taking deep breaths. 

"Are you okay?" Leyla asked, looking deeply into Alex's eyes. Again Alex said nothing. She just nodded yes.

"God I want to kiss you right now. I've been dying to kiss you for so long Alex."
