 The prominent tech CEO, Ms. Meyers, had cut her maternity leave short for an urgent business matter and extra help was required. That was how Abbey landed the job of executive assistant at the last minute, despite her relative inexperience at the highest levels of the corporate world.

Abbey was nervous meeting the boss for the first time after having been hired by the HR department the week prior. Not that Ms. Meyers was scary or anything; she was young by CEO standards, petite and vibrant. She was a real firecracker of a person and a bundle of energy. A 5'2" alpha woman.

They were sitting in Ms. Meyers's office and all Abbey could do was stare at the woman's shoulder length blonde hair. It was neat and straight. Abbey noticed that it almost shimmered in the sunlight that entered the room.

"Not bad," the boss finally said, after going over the new assistant's employment history. "If HR hired you, that's good enough for me. They know what I like. And they think you're up for the job."

Abbey beamed a smile to show confidence. "Thank you."

"Don't thank me yet, there's much to do. Now, I see that you have plenty of experience preparing telecommunications and presentations."

"Yes ma'am."

"Call me Ms. Meyers. The word ma'am makes me feel old."

Abbey cleared her throat. "Yes, Ms. Meyers. Some aspects of my previous jobs included those very things; arranging video chats, keeping appointments, setting up meetings. Things like that."

"Do you switch jobs a lot?" the boss asked with a quizzical raise of her eyebrows.

As petite and pretty as the boss was, the fact that she was sitting behind a big desk made Abbey unreasonably nervous. 

"I've transferred jobs for a variety of reasons," she answered, almost too quickly. "In one case, the department closed down. And, there was a lot of infighting in my following workplace."

"Happens all the time. I saw in your cover letter that you were hoping to make a career with this company, correct?"

Abbey nodded. "Yes, Ms. Meyers. I do wish to make a career working for you. I'm a strong believer in what you're doing and what you represent as a powerful woman in the business world."

"Nicely stated," the boss smiled. "Your response sounded like ass-kissing. But I don't mind since it's my ass that's being kissed."

Abbey tensed. "Oh..."

"I'm only joking. I like you. And I like what's on your resume. Do you know why we're rushing this whole process?"

"Yes, the acquisition. At least that's what I'm assuming based on what I've read in the news."

Ms. Meyers looked pleased. "Glad to see that you're up to date. A deal broke through earlier than expected, so I had to shorten my maternity leave. We're acquiring a major tech firm, so that means I'll have a lot of meetings."

"Sounds like a plan."

The boss nodded. "Well then, enough talk. You can figure out my style as we go along. I'm very blunt. And I always get what I want."

At that moment, Abbey knew that the rumors about her new boss were true; she was a relentless workhorse that was simply unstoppable. Working for a woman like that really appealed to Abbey. 

***

After their meeting, Abbey was given her fair share of errands that morning. She hustled diligently in her small office where she completed various tasks. The rest of the floor was busy with the pending acquisition. 

After arranging her boss's schedule, it was time for lunch. She had packed a turkey sandwich in a brown paper bag.

When she stepped out of her small office, the boss was in the lobby area talking to the secretary. The conversation finished up the moment Ms. Meyers turned her attention towards Abbey.

"Abbey," the boss smiled, holding two lunch containers, along with a bag which contained juice bottles. "I've ordered us some food and was hoping you'd join me for lunch. Come on, I know a quiet spot in the outside garden where we can have some privacy."

The gesture from the boss had caught her completely off guard. Their first meeting was strictly business, and now, were they supposed to be buddies? Whatever the case, Abbey was ready, willing, and able. She put her pitiful sandwich back in her office, knowing she'd eat it for dinner when it was stale and soggy. In exchange, she took a container from her boss. It smelled delicious. 

They walked outside to the garden. There was a nice spot of shade under a tree and they headed towards a bench. Ms. Meyers was like a totally different person now; so relaxed and casual, almost like a college dork who grew up to become the boss.

Abbey tried not to be so stiff. It was her first time being in close proximity to a major player in the tech industry, or any industry for that matter. While she made an effort to be casual, she couldn't help but notice how pretty Ms. Meyers's short blonde hair looked. It fanned across her face in a carefree manner. Shockingly, Abbey's mind then briefly wandered to the state of her boss's pubic hair. She quickly shook her head to clear her errant thoughts.

However, there was no denying that Ms. Meyers was more than attractive. Her blue eyes were lively and her face was wonderfully expressive. She had full lips, but wore no lipstick. Like many young CEOs these days, she had a casual vibe to her.

"I missed this spot," the boss said as they sat under the shade, overlooking the company grounds. "I haven't been here in nearly two months. I worked from home; Skype and Google Chat are to thank for allowing that to happen. It was great, a buttoned shirt and blazer on top, sweatpants and bare feet down below. No one ever noticed, I hope."

Abbey laughed. "If only all work could be like that."

They opened their containers of food and Abbey was delighted by what she saw and smelled. Rich people food! A girl could get used to that. They both dug in with zeal.

"I could tell you really hated your last job," the boss said after chewing her first round of food.

"Yeah, I didn't want to go into detail about that."

"Why? If you're going to be my assistant, I expect full disclosure."

Abbey took a sip of juice. "True, but I didn't want to sound whiny. Plus I didn't want to bad mouth my previous employer. That isn't nice."

"Loyalty. I like that. Loyalty is important in life."

"Thanks."

"That's partly why I wanted us to have lunch today," the boss said. "I normally don't do this with assistants. I'm usually so busy that I enjoy eating alone."

"Oh, well, thank you for inviting me. It's an honor. Was there anything on your mind?"

"A special job for you."

Abbey's heart rate rose and she could barely eat. "I'd be happy to assist you in anything you need."

"Good, that's what I like to hear."

"So, what can I do for you?"

Ms. Meyers wiped her lips with a napkin and put her food down. "I have 3 other executive assistants. Brian and Jerry can't do this job because they're men. Sandra can't do it because I've known her for too long and it just wouldn't feel right. So that leaves you, the new girl."

"Interesting," Abbey squeaked.

The new girl? What the hell was that supposed to mean and what did it have to do with anything? She wondered. 

"My issue is completely natural," Ms. Meyers explained. "And by that I mean, I have a milk problem."

The phrasing and Abbey's state of nervousness left her feeling confused.

"Like you're lactose intolerant?"

Ms. Meyers laughed and gestured to her own chest. "I gave birth last month to twins. My breasts are producing a lot of milk."

There was a burning feeling in Abbey's cheeks. She felt like a total idiot, and on her first day, too.

"Oh, right. Of course. Sorry about that. What's the problem?"

"I'm only telling you this because you seem like a nice, trustworthy person. I know this isn't in your job description, so I would fully understand if..."

Abbey made the unusual move of cutting off her boss mid-sentence. "Of course I'll help. It's my job. I'm open to anything. Just let me know."

"We'll see about that," Ms. Meyers said with a mischievous smile. "During my maternity leave, I breastfed regularly. And I wore special clothes. I didn't expect to be back at work so soon, so I'm a bit unprepared in that regard."

"Hmmm...."

"I arrived at the office at 7 am today. Since then, I haven't done anything to relieve my breast milk, because I didn't think I'd need to. At around 10 am, it started to get uncomfortable. By 11 am, I started to feel leakage in my bra, and I had to put tissues underneath my clothes to wipe my nipples. My blouse was stained around my chest area and it was a good thing I keep extra clothes in my office, otherwise I'd be walking around with wet marks on the front of my shirt."

Abbey took in every word. "I've never lactated before so I can't relate to any of that. But, I can certainly research this later. I'm a fast learner."

"Don't bother. I've already had someone buy me breast pumps and special bras to take care of my milk while I work."

"Oh, then what can I do for you?"

"Do I have to spell it out?" the boss asked, in a super polite, yet intimidating way.

Abbey tensed and guessed. "You want me to wash your pumps for you?"

"Not quite. I want you to do your normal job of handling my arrangements, and I also want you to make sure that my breasts are properly cared for."

A peculiar request. It made Abbey wonder.

"Really?"

"Too much for you?" Ms. Meyers asked with a questioning gaze.

"No, not at all. I'm not squeamish when it comes to this."

"So you're that type of woman."

Abbey didn't know what to make of the comment, but she thought fast.

"I played sports in college," Abbey replied. "So I'm used to being naked in the locker room around a bunch of girls."

"Perfect. And obviously breast milk won't be an issue for you?"

"Not at all."

Ms. Meyers smiled. "Excellent. It shouldn't be hard. I know I should be doing this sort of thing myself. But with a job like mine, I'm always doing several things at once. The last thing I need on my daily schedule is to sit around pumping milk and worrying about my leaking nipples."

"I understand."

"Look, I know this is a weird thing to ask of you. If this is too much, just say so. No hard feelings. I promise I won't hold it against you."

"Ms. Meyers, you've come to the right girl. I'd be happy to care for your breasts....as odd as that may sound."

They both laughed at the awkward phrasing.

"I promise to make this as natural as possible," the boss said in conclusion. "Think of us as friends now."

Somehow, Abbey didn't think that could be possible. Or could it? She was definitely drawn to her new employer, although she felt a bit uneasy about her own wayward thoughts. 

***

The next morning's work was much lighter. Abbey had been given only a few menial tasks and she knew why. It was 9 am and the boss had an important meeting with staff at 10 am, which meant that the breast-situation needed to be taken care of to avoid any embarrassing overflow.

Abbey hovered in the boss's office while Ms. Meyers was on the phone. She slowly paced around the office and noted all the different plaques and awards on the wall. There were even pictures of Ms. Meyers shaking hands with the Governor of the State and another with a former US President.

On the table in the middle of the room sat the necessary equipment, ready and waiting. That included a breast pump, towels, and a special bra liner. 

Ms. Meyers continued talking like a business pro.

"Yes, yes," the boss said on the phone. "I'll be briefed on the latest financial figures...Yes...Yes...No, that's a horrible idea... Okay... That's better, that sounds good... Great, I'll have my secretary make the appointment later. I'll probably be making a speech to the company tomorrow if we get all the details worked out..."

Abbey smiled watching this real-life Wonder Woman doing her thing. It was an inspirational sight. Then her eyes gazed downwards as Ms. Meyers began to unbutton her blouse while still on the phone. 

It almost seemed like something out of a movie. Ms. Meyers moved towards the window and the sunlight shone on her perfect complexion. The unbuttoning of her blouse with one hand seemed effortless as she held the phone with the other. It wasn't long until the blouse was open. Her stomach and the center of her white bra had become visible. Abbey was spellbound by the vision that stood in front of her.

"Ha! Thanks for the advice," Ms. Meyers said, with a laugh that bordered on dorkish, almost a snort. "Ah, very funny. Yes, I'll be good... No, I didn't come back too soon. Thank you. Thanks. I'll see you later today. Bye."

Ms. Meyers kept on looking out the window as she put down her phone and removed her blazer, so that she stood in only her open blouse and fitted skirt, which sported a slit up the back. 

"Here's a tip if you want to survive the corporate world," the boss opined. "Grow thick skin. Don't complain unless necessary. Always put your strong foot forward, but don't overdo it. No one likes an over-doer. Be yourself and be assertive, but not too assertive."

Abbey nodded. "I'll keep that in mind."

"Your outfit looks new. It's very nice. Did you buy a new wardrobe for this job?"

Having spent a small chunk of her savings on new clothes, Abbey couldn't help but internally rejoice that finally, someone had noticed!

"I figured if I got the job as your assistant, I needed to look the part."

Ms. Meyers gave her assistant a once-over. "Very nice. It's chic. How much do you think your outfit cost?"

"The top and skirt... hmmm... maybe around $250. I'm an expert in finding a good bargain and my best friend is a style expert."

"Well then, Ms. Bargain Expert, we're going to be doing something messy today and I'd hate to ruin your new ensemble. I know I'd be pissed off if someone put their bodily fluids on my clothes."

"It's no trouble."

"Take off your shirt," the boss said with authority. 

As she said that, Ms. Meyers removed her own blouse, stood in her white bra, folded her blouse neatly and placed it on the table. Her arms were slender and her breasts looked a bit swollen, like they were nearly a full cup size bigger than they should have been. Her stomach looked a little pudgy in the center and a bit rounded at the sides.

"My top?" Abbey asked, snapping out of her own erotic train of thought.

"Your blazer and blouse. Is that okay with you? I figured you wouldn't want my DNA accidentally making its way onto your clothes. I know, breast milk is designed for human consumption, but I have a thing about keeping clothes clean. It's one of my many quirks. If you're going to be my assistant, then you'll come to realize that I'm a quirky girl."

It didn't seem like a big deal and Abbey didn't want to make a fuss about it, so she took off her blazer and put it on the same table.

"I'm kind of quirky too," Abbey said in a casual manner. "I was a dork in high school. Then, less of a dork in college. I'm normal now, I think."

Ms. Meyers smiled with her hands on her bare hips. "Once a dork, always a dork. But hey, we're in a tech company, so we fit right in. Did you hear my laugh earlier?"

"How could I miss it?" Abbey smiled back. "It's what I'll always remember you by."

"Ha! Some say it's charming. Charm is very important when you are trying to convince people to follow your lead. Another tip to remember."

Abbey agreed and her fingers moved to the top of her blouse, then she hesitated a moment.

"Sorry, I'm kind of nervous," Abbey said, before undoing her blouse. "I hate to be nosy, but are you single? I don't see a ring."

"Does it matter?"

Abbey shook her head fast. "No. Sorry, I was just wondering."

"Don't be sorry. I rarely share details of my personal life."

"I totally respect that. Pardon my question."

Ms. Meyers gave a half shrug. "You're going to be my assistant, for a long time I hope, and I'm entrusting you with my holy boobs, presumably for the next few years. That was a joke, by the way."

"Or was it?" Abbey teased back, while laughing in her own dorky way.

"Yes, you'll be in charge of my tits and milk on company grounds. I want us to have a good relationship, so I'll tell you a little about myself."

Abbey nodded. "I can keep secrets."

"You seem like the sort of girl that people feel comfortable around. Anyway, I'm unmarried, single, and I got pregnant through a sperm donor."

Instantly, Abbey did her best to restrain herself and the natural urge to pepper her boss with follow up questions. 

Abbey took the next leap and removed her blouse. She folded it and placed it on the table, just as her boss had done. They both wore white bras. Abbey was a little taller and slimmer, with a nearly flat chest, especially in contrast to her boss's newly increased bust size. 

"That seems more common these days," Abbey said. "I read a lot of articles about that; working women who chose to parent by themselves."

"I don't recommend this for everyone. I've been blessed with a strong financial base and a small staff at my residence."

Abbey gulped. "May I ask, why you went this route?"

"I'm 38. That's the straight-forward answer."

"But... I guess, I mean, you're a real catch. Let's face it, you're hot, to put it mildly. And you're rich. You could be dating tech millionaires or Hollywood celebrities. Why chose to do it alone?"

Ms. Meyers smiled, then looked at the clock. "Now that is the big question. Maybe I'll tell you, but I'm sure you're smart enough to figure out the answer, eventually. Until then, it's 9:24 am which means that I have approximately 36 minutes until my meeting at 10."

"Right, of course."

The boss picked up the breast pump and handed it to Abbey.

"I'm sure you know how to use this by now."

Abbey nodded. "I researched it vigorously yesterday. So I can assure you, Ms. Meyers, that your nipples will be in good hands."

There was an unexpectedly loud "Ha!" which came from the boss, which she didn't bother to suppress. 

Ms. Meyers reached behind to the clasp of her bra. "Now for the big reveal. You'll officially become the first person in this company to ever see my tits. I don't know if that's a good thing or bad. Here it goes."

The bra was unclasped and Ms. Meyers placed it on the table. She smiled broadly as she bared her chest. The breasts seemed unusually pendulous due to the milk they held. Ms. Meyers was a small boned woman and her breasts looked enormous on her tiny frame. They appeared swollen and weighted down.

And those nipples. The areolas looked stretched from the expanded state. Naturally, her nipples and areolas were a light shade of pink. According to the reading that Abbey had done, they were probably a bit darker than normal. The nipples looked engorged and ripe.

The sight affected Abbey greatly; she began to have inappropriate yearnings towards her boss once again. She licked her lips nervously while she tried to get a hold of her budding sensual desire. She wondered just how much milk could be expressed from boobs that size. After a moment had passed, she was able to pull out of her trance.

"Your first time seeing lactating breasts?" Ms. Meyers asked while gesturing to her own tits.

"Oh, no. I've seen this before."

"But?"

"Please forgive me. I didn't mean to gawk."

Ms. Meyers gave an understanding expression. "Look, I get it. I'm your boss and this is a little uncomfortable. And, if I'm being honest, they do look titillating, pun intended." 

They both laughed in their dorky way at the pun; it was a much needed tension breaker. The boss knew full well that her tits were quite a sight. She looked down and poked them, which caused them to sway. It also caused Abbey to unexpectedly clench in her pelvic area.

"Well, if we're being honest here, those nipples look epic on you."

Ms. Meyers flashed a blushing smile. "Don't they?"
