 There she was again, strutting into the kitchen like she owned the place, dressed in her usual outfit, a pair of torn bikini panties and an old bra. Brenda kept her eyes focused on Karen, pissed off just at the sight of her, wishing she could wipe the smirk off the bitch's face right then and there.

Brenda was wary when Tracy had asked her whether her sister could stay with them for a few weeks, just until she got her shit together and found a place of her own. Brenda didn't like the idea but she didn't want to say no. After all, Tracy was Karen's sister and it was true she had no place else to go. 

The reason for that was that Karen had just come out of prison after serving ten months on a burglary rap. She and some asshole boyfriend of hers had broken into a house, stolen cash and jewelry, and gotten caught. And this hadn't been Karen's first trip to the joint either. Right from the start Brenda did not like the way Karen treated her younger sister, though she let it alone, figuring it was between the sisters. Tracy had told Brenda plenty about Karen, how her older sister had always lorded it over her, treated her like shit. She'd heard some pretty nasty stuff about what Karen used to put her sister through. And Brenda guessed that was probably one reason Tracy had grown to be so submissive. Her sister had tormented her and treated her almost like a personal slave, and now Tracy had somehow come to expect, even to yearn for that sort of treatment from other women. Luckily, in Brenda, Tracy had found the perfect woman. Brenda and Tracy had lived together for more than a year now and Tracy relished Brenda's commanding manner. Deeply submissive in nature, Tracy had longed to find a woman like Brenda, a steely dominant, an utterly masterful female who knew just how to keep demure submissives like Tracy in their place.

Now Brenda fumed as she watched Karen strut around like she owned the place. Plus, it just burned her to see the way Karen treated her baby sister. Sure, Brenda herself could treat her like that, but then again, that was the nature of their relationship. But she hated to watch Karen treat her little sister like she was her own property. Especially when Tracy had pleaded with Brenda to let Karen move in for a few weeks and Brenda, though reluctant, had finally relented. Now she deeply regretted she had agreed as she watched Karen take selfish advantage of their hospitality.

And here was Karen again, in that skimpy pair of panties and the worn bra. Brenda figured Tracy sauntered around like this, nearly naked, to annoy her little sister. Though Tracy was cute enough, her older sister was a real knockout, and she was well aware of it too. With her sleek killer body, long silky, blonde hair, and gorgeous face, she knew she could get anyone's attention. And so she loved teasing them both, parading that luscious body around in front of Brenda while Tracy had to look on, helpless. Tracy had once told Brenda how her older sister would do anything to make Tracy jealous, that there was nothing Karen had loved to do more than to take Tracy's lovers from her, first guys and then later, when Tracy realized she was basically a lesbian, other chicks.

Brenda knew just what was up but held her tongue. She had to admit to herself that the sleek bitch was one hell of an eyeful, but she resented Karen's ploy as much as her sister did. Tracy was Brenda's personal slave and she didn't relish seeing any other bitch lord it over her property, especially this stone cold bitch of an older sister, fresh out of the joint, and nasty to the core. But, still, Brenda had resisted the urge to tell Karen what she thought of her or to throw her out of their place altogether. She still figured it was basically a matter concerning the two sisters, at least for the time being.

Karen shuffled over to the fridge, wiggling her tight little ass, making sure Brenda had a good look. Of course Tracy noticed, and it made her squirm. Brenda didn't like to see Tracy humiliated like this, at least not by anyone other than Brenda herself.

"Shit! There's no more fuckin' milk," Karen whined.

"Well, then-- then you should've remembered to buy some, sis," Tracy said, mustering up the courage, though there was still an unsure, meek tone to her voice whenever she spoke to her sister. Brenda did have to admit, though, that this was the first time she had heard Tracy say anything critical to Karen.

Karen turned in disbelief, giving Tracy a hard, icy stare.

"Screw you, Tracy. Don't you be tellin' me what I should and shouldn't have done."

"Hey, all I meant was that you could help out a little once in a while," Tracy said, for her a little boldly.

"Shut the fuck up, okay?" Karen snapped at Tracy. " I don't ever want you telling me what I ought to do, you understand me?"

"How about me? Can I tell you what to do?" Brenda said, returning Karen's hard, cold stare with one of her own. Finally, Brenda was going to speak up. This was her home too and though she had held her tongue up till now, she'd finally had it with this bitch. Karen needed some talking to, and Brenda was going to do the talking.

"You know, your sister's right," Brenda continued, "You could remember to pick up some milk. And while you're at it, you could try being nice to Tracy once in a while.

"Go fuck yourself, Brenda, okay?" Karen sneered, contempt at her voice.

At that moment Karen could hardly realize what a mistake she had just made. Brenda had held it all back, her anger, her resentment over the way this bitch treated her sister, treated them both. But now she was going to teach the slut a lesson, a lesson she would never, ever forget.

Brenda stood up and stared at Karen, her big, green eyes brimming with intense anger.

"What did you say to me?" Brenda hissed.

For the first time, Karen looked a little uncertain, but she wasn't about to be intimidated. Not her. From first glance Brenda had figured Karen for another domme. She had guessed she was a top bitch when she was in the joint, lording it over the other babes. Karen had hinted as much to her younger sister, who had shared this with Brenda. Now the two of them stared at each other, Brenda and Karen. They were quite a contrast. Karen with her Susie-Q, dimpled all-American blonde cheerleader good looks, Brenda, a sleek olive-skinned brunette, her dark hair lustrous, her big, beautiful green eyes radiating confidence and assurance.

"I said 'go fuck yourself,' " Karen repeated, recklessly treading on very dangerous ground now. "You can both go screw yourselves. Nobody tells me what to do and what not to do, especially a couple of dyke cunts like you two, okay?"

"You shouldn't have said that," Brenda warned darkly.

"Oh, go kiss my butt," Karen snarled at Brenda, "You and my sister both."

Suddenly Brenda shoved Karen against a wall, shoved her hard, making her lose her balance.

"You're the one who should be kissing butts... slut!" Brenda barked. "You should kiss your sister's. She takes you in after you get out of the fuckin' joint. She puts a roof over your head, food in your mouth. And all you do is act like a total bitch."

Brenda was really angry now, shoving Karen up against the wall repeatedly as she tried to break away.

"In fact, you will kiss your sister's butt," she said, grabbing Karen by her long blonde hair, twisting it in her hand, forcing her down to her knees as Karen unsuccessfully struggled to free herself of Brenda's grasp. 

"Hey babe, take off your jeans and pull down your panties," Brenda said to Tracy who watched in amazement as Brenda forced her sister to the floor. Tracy, as always, obeyed Brenda and pulled down her jeans and undies.

"Let go of my fuckin' hair!" Karen yelped, but that only made Brenda twist it that much harder.

"Time to kiss your sister's butt," Brenda said coldly. "Time to show her your gratitude for all she's done for you."

"Kiss my sister's butt? You must be out of your fuckin' mind!" Karen howled, still defiant though the more powerful Brenda was able to force her to the floor on her knees as she tugged at her hair, making her wince.

"Oh you will kiss it, I guarantee it," Brenda sad coolly. "As a matter of fact, you'll do a lot more than that."

Brenda started to drag Karen, down on her knees, over to where her sister was standing, a nervous smile on her face, waiting to see if her big sister would actually be forced to kiss her ass. All of a sudden Karen brought a hand up between Brenda's legs and drove a fist into Brenda's crotch. Stunned, Brenda let go and momentarily doubled over as Karen freed herself and tried to bolt out of the kitchen. But Brenda recovered quickly and tackled Karen to the ground before she could escape. Now there'd definitely be no more mercy for the bitch as a furiously angry Brenda took charge.

"Get the fuck up," Brenda hissed icily, digging her hands under the cups of Karen's bra and grabbing hold of her tits. Squeezing those tits she lifted Karen off the floor.

"Owwww!!" Karen squealed. "Let go of my tits, that hurts!"

Brenda let go of one breast, using the free hand to slap Karen across the face, silencing her momentarily into stunned submission as a drop of blood dripped from her nose. Then she brought the other hand down and tugged on the bra so hard that she ripped it off Karen's body. Those big, firm luscious tits did look good. Karen had been parading around in panties and bra often enough, but until now Brenda had never laid eyes on her tits before. Brenda smiled to herself, knowing those two perfect breasts were going to get themselves quite a workout.

But Karen wasn't ready to give up, far from it. Recovering, she used all her strength to shove Brenda away from her. 

"Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!" Karen screamed hysterically, fury in her eyes. "You keep your fuckin' hands off me, you fuckin' bitch! I'm gonna fuckin kill you! I'm gonna fuckin' maim you!"

"Maim this!" Brenda snapped coldly, slamming her elbow into Karen's chest, feeling her soft breast give way under her thrust.

Doubled over, gasping for breath, Karen was again helpless as Brenda reached down to take hold of the elastic band of her panties, tearing them off her bottom, then angrily ripping the panties to shreds. Suddenly, Karen found herself standing stark naked in front of her sister and Brenda. She looked vulnerable now, exposed, the look of a hunted dog in her eyes, the look of fear.

Brenda smiled to herself. She knew that the feisty slut was finally under her control.

"Let me tell you something, cunt!" Brenda said, cold strength in her voice. "I know all about you, Karen. I know about ten different ways you violated parole. So you're going to be a good girl and you're going to do whatever the fuck I say. Because otherwise I tell a few things to somebody and your freedom is gone. Gone! Just like that."

Brenda snapped her fingers. She had seen Karen come back with stuff she had shoplifted, had learned she had gone out and stolen a car with an old boyfriend. Brenda knew what was up; she knew she had the goods on this nasty bitch.

"So that's you're choice. Back you go, or I do the punishing. I punish your sorry ass!"

Karen just stood there, naked. She was definitely getting the message. Brenda took a moment to check out the fabulous body of the suddenly helpless slut. Slender and smooth, with big, firm tits, a small waist, perfect ass, and long legs, Brenda had to admit to herself that the sleek cunt was quite a prize.

"Turn around, Tracy," Brenda said. "Show your sister your butt."

Tracy, naked below the waist, had just been standing there, watching in stunned astonishment as a willful, stronger Brenda subdued her older sister.

"Now get the fuck down on your knees and kiss your sister's ass, like I asked you to," Brenda commanded, shoving Karen down on her knees again. 

Karen, no longer resisting, dropped to her knees.

"Now kiss it!" Brenda said, shoving Karen's face against Tracy's bottom. "Kiss her ass."

Tracy was a little on the skinny side, with a runty, almost boy-like ass, pale and freckled. But Brenda had grown fond of that hot little bottom, and had tormented it in more ways than she could count. Now she wanted to give Tracy a chance to have that bottom of hers worshiped, worshiped by her own sister.

"Oh God, I can't do this," Karen groaned, holding back. 

"Oh yes you can" Brenda said, bringing her hands down to Karen's tits again, taking hold of her big, corky nipples this time, pinching them, squeezing them hard between her fingers.

"Let go! Let go of my tits! That hurts!" Karen yelped.

"I said kiss her fucking ass, " Brenda repeated as she kept pinching.

Finally a helpless Karen brought her lips over to her sister's buttocks and planted a quick kiss on her smooth, freckled skin.

"Go on, keep kissing it," Brenda demanded, pinching the nipples even harder. Now Karen could no longer refuse as she began to lay kisses all over her baby sister's bottom. "This is too fuckin' weird," Karen groaned.

"It's not too fuckin' weird for you, bitch!," Brenda said, letting go of Karen's nipples as she tugged hard at her hair again, wrapping it around her fingers and shoving Karen's face against her sister's ass. "You're going to eat what I tell you to eat. And right now what I want to see you eat is your sister's asshole, you dig? So get your tongue in there and show me how much you love it!"

"Oh God, I can't!" Karen groaned, resisting. Here she had always had her way with her little sister, and now this imperious lover of her sister's was demanding that she actually lick her sister's ass. She couldn't imagine doing that. And yet, she realized she had little choice as the more powerful woman now held the balky, resistant blonde in her sway.

"I said... you're going to lick her ass!" Brenda hissed at her, twisting Karen's hair and making her wince, pushing her face between Tracy's open buttocks.

"Ouch! Okay! Okay! I'll do it!" Karen whimpered as Brenda kept tugging at her hair.

Tracy moaned as she felt her sister's wet tongue on her asshole. She could hardly believe this was happening; it was like a dream. She'd always been forced to do Karen's bidding and now here was her older sister, down on her knees behind her, forced to dig her tongue into Tracy's ass.

Brenda looked down, making sure the blonde worked her tongue into the crack.

"Go on, lick it like you mean it... whore!" Brenda snarled at her. Brenda couldn't help thinking how the feisty blonde probably got sluts to go down on her any old time she wished when she was in the joint. Now here the tables were turned as the haughty bitch was forced to service her baby sister's bottom with her servile tongue. 

Tracy looked over her shoulder at her sister down on her knees, forced to service her like this, then she glanced over at Brenda, a big, happy smile on her face. Brenda could see how much Tracy relished this. For the moment she was no longer Brenda's plaything and sex slave, but a partner with Brenda in putting her normally domineering older sister though some very rugged paces.

"That's right, sis, lick my asshole like you mean it," Tracy snarled down at Karen, reaching around to press Karen's face against her bottom. Brenda had never heard that tone of voice used by her normally very submissive lover.

Finally Brenda walked up to Tracy and took hold of her neck, forcing her face away from Tracy's bottom and down to the floor, to Tracy's feet.

"Now lick these," Brenda said, pressing Tracy's face down to her sister's toes, "Lick them and then suck them."

Holding Tracy's head firmly in place, Brenda made her lick her sister's feet and suck each one of her toes.

"Look up at her, bitch!" Brenda hissed. "Look up at her while you suck on her fuckin' toes."

Tracy blushed with embarrassed humiliation, forced to stare up at her sister as she paid oral homage to her pretty, well-shaped feet.

"Okay, come with me... cunt!" Brenda snarled, forcing Karen up off the kitchen floor and prodding her on to the bedroom, Tracy following.

In the bedroom now, Karen just stood there, helpless and still, wondering what torments would be next.

"Get me the cuffs," Brenda said as Tracy retrieved a pair of handcuffs from a drawer. Tracy knew those cuffs well. They had restrained her wrists many times. But she knew that this time those cuffs were not meant for her.

"What are those for?" Karen asked worriedly, no doubt reminded of the many times she'd been handcuffed.

Without warning Brenda slapped her across the face, hard. Then, for good measure, slapped her tits a couple of times.

"Don't ask any questions, bitch!" she snapped harshly. "You just do what you're told, understand?"

Karen said nothing, so Brenda slapped her again.

"I asked you if you understood?" Brenda repeated.

"Uh-- yes, I understand," Karen said meekly, her willful resistance now vanished

"Good, now shut the fuck up."

Brenda snapped the handcuffs on Karen's wrists, then shoved her down on the bed.

"Up on elbows and knees, and raise your butt up high," Brenda instructed.

Karen assumed the position.

"Higher!" Brenda demanded, slapping Karen's lovely, unblemished buttocks. Brenda and Tracy both looked over the now utterly exposed and vulnerable bottom.

"You've been acting like a total bitch," Brenda began. "Treating your sister like shit after all she's done for you, not lifting a finger to help out around here. Talking to us any old way you wished, showing no respect at all. For that, you need to be punished severely."

"Punished?" Karen said, her voice shaky.

"Yes, punished," Brenda repeated as she brought the flat of her hand down sharply on the smooth, taut skin of Karen's shapely buttocks, spanking her.

"That's it, spank the bitch!" Tracy urged excitedly as she watched her mistress tenderize her sister's bottom.

WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

Brenda kept up the onslaught as Karen winced, taking it, knowing she had little choice in the matter.

"You spanks her now," Brenda said to Tracy.

"Me? Can I?" Tracy said excitedly.

"No, not her, not my sister," Tracy whined. "You can't let her spank me."

Karen tried to turn over but Brenda grabbed her by the nipple and squeezed hard.

"Owwww! Ouch Oh shit!" Karen cried out.

Brenda twisted the big nipples between her fingers again; tears flowed from Karen's eyes as she endured the torment.

"Tracy?" Brenda said, turning to her. "Now let me see you spank the shit out that cunt sister of yours."

Tracy couldn't have been happier as she brought her hand down over her sister's bottom, spanking her hard. Tracy may have been submissive and skinny, but she was strong. And now she used all her strength to tenderize her sister's nasty bottom until it glowed a bright, hot pink.

Brenda watched, enjoying the delight her young lover took in finally having the chance to administer a harsh, vivid spanking to someone -- to her own sister! -- rather than to have her own bottom spanked, as was usually the case. 

Karen was panting and groaning, forced to endure the onslaught. 

"Oh God! Oh Shit! I can't believe this is happening to me!" Karen wailed.

Now Brenda reached into a drawer for her tube of lubricating jelly, handing it to Tracy. 

"Grease her asshole," Brenda told Tracy, who gleefully took the tube from her hand.

"What? What is she going to do?" Karen asked, turning her head in shock.

"You don't listen, do you?" Brenda snapped at her. "I told you to just shut the fuck up and do what you're told and here you are mouthing off again. We're going to have to do something about that."

And what Brenda did was find a gag, stuff it in Tracy's both, and strap it in place, Karen too stunned to say anything as she was gagged.

"Okay, now grease up that ass," Brenda said.

Tracy squeezed some of the clear jelly onto her fingertips and then slapped it between her sister's cheeks, working it into her crack.
