 Alex was everything I was not and, essentially, everything I wanted to be. I had this constant worry about what people thought of me. Ultimately, that was a stupid idea, but standing next to her, anyone would feel a little self-conscious. Alex often bragged about being one whole hour older than me. It never seemed to matter that, between the two of us, I was the mature one. She would just smile and say that I had to have something going for me, as if maturity was my only redeeming quality! We had always been like that, though- able to joke with each other, knowing we weren't really serious. Apart from all of that, it was her smile that made me fall in love with her. I had thought that it was because we were so close that I always wanted to see her smile. Then, when I caught myself staring at her breasts and imagining them pressed against my own, I knew it was something else. In "ten words or less," I had to have her, and the day that I told her turned out to be wild.

It was the last day of junior year, and, so far, college had treated me as well as anyone could expect. Another cog in the wheel- "Student number FOUR ZERO THREE TWO, your next tuition bill is due in two weeks!" Thankfully, Alex and I both lived near campus and didn't need to worry about paying for housing. We went to lunch at the local café', like normal. As we started munching our cheeseburgers and fries, I knew that I couldn't take being just friends anymore. I choked down my last bite, took a swig of my Root Beer, and tried to calm my pounding heart. 

"Alex...?" I whispered. 

"Yeah?" she said, looking worried. 

"There's something that I need to tell you, but I just don't know where to start," I told her, keeping my eyes down the whole time. 

"What's wrong?" she asked, her beautiful, blue eyes open wide, looking at me. 

"I just... ugh... I can't tell you here. The smell of grease is starting to get to me," I chuckle nervously. "Can I come over after class and talk to you then?" 

She said it was no problem and offered me a ride to campus. "Sure," I said, before we paid and hopped into her Jeep.

The last class of the day usually goes by so slowly, but forty-five minutes later, I found myself looking at the clock, wondering where the time went. By the time I gathered up my belongings, Alex was at the doorway sporting a sexy smirk. My heart skipped a beat, and I smiled crookedly back at her. 

"Hey gorgeous, ready to go?" she called, holding her hand out for me. I heard a snicker from someone behind me, and I began to blush furiously. 

"Yeah, let's head out," I utter, walking ahead of her. 

Now, the ride to her house- virtually silent, which never happens, excluding the time we fought over a yellow crayon in the first grade. She unlocks the door and walks down the stairs to her basement room. (Her parents renovated it for her when we were 13, when she wanted more privacy.) So, I follow her down the steps, set my bag by the couch, and have a seat. She disappears into her multi-colored room, and I let my head fall into my hands. I'm wondering what the hell I'm going to do, and I'm so wrapped up in my thoughts that I don't hear her walk back into the room. When she puts her hands on my shoulders, I nearly jump out of my skin. 

"What the hell?!" Alex says with an almost wounded look on her face. I take a closer look at her and see that she's wearing the skimpy pajama set we had bought from Victoria's Secret the summer before. The silky violet shorts barely cover her ass, and the spaghetti-strap top has slits running down her sides, beside the subtle curves of her breasts. Looking at her perfect body, standing almost naked in front of me, reminds me of why I still haven't taken the tag off of mine. I could never wear it that well. 

She brings me out of my daydream by saying, "Are you going to tell me what has you acting so weird, or do you want to try to jump through the roof again?" 

In reply, I shove my hands into my pockets and say, "I'm afraid to." 

She closes the distance between us, and assures me that I can tell her anything, "We're best friends, remember?" She smiles her wicked smile; she's standing so close that I can smell her sweet breath. 

Before I know it, our bodies are pressed together and our lips are gently touching. She opens her mouth to sigh, and my tongue darts in. My hands move to her hair to grasp the long, black tresses. I pull away to search her eyes for any sign of rejection, but she just smiles at me. 

"I've been waiting for you to do that," she admits. "That's why I wore this." Hungry with lust for her, I pull her mouth back to mine with one hand and place my other hand on the small of her back. Her hands are in my hair, gently pulling, making me to moan. She chuckles until I move my hand down, grabbing her ass, to pull her closer to my center. She gasps and grinds her hips into mine. Peeling herself away from me, she takes my hand and guides me to her bed. 

Sitting down with her standing in front of me, she yanks down her shorts to reveal a thin cotton thong that is already moist. Looking into my eyes, she places my hands on her hips and pulls her shirt off, over her head. My first instinct is to caress one of her glorious breasts and take one of her hard nipples into my mouth. Lucky for Alex, I love to give in to my instincts. 

A low moan escapes her throat while I pull her down to straddle my lap. With her legs open, I let my fingers sneak into her panties. She throws her head back and begs for more. I lay her down with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed and strip down to my purple boy shorts. She moans again as I lay my body on hers, kissing her while nudging her legs open with my knee. She does as I wish, and I begin to kiss my way down her body. Again, my mouth captures one of her nipples, but this time my hand moves down to her wet pussy. I slide one finger in... then two, keeping my thumb on her clit. Her hips buck and her back arches, showing me that her body craves being touched this way. I trail my tongue along her stomach until I reach the vertex of her legs. My tongue gently licks her through her panties before I slide them down with my teeth. Inhaling her sweet musk, my lips kiss her most secret place before my tongue moves in, finding her nub. I lap up her juices while pumping her with two of my fingers. My own body aches for her as she whimpers and moans. Then, like a geyser, my sweet baby comes into my mouth, and her juices flow down my chin. Sitting on my knees, her hands grab my face and pull me in for a kiss. Then she smiles at me, nibbles on my lips, and puts one hand on my underwear, the other on one of my breasts, and whispers in my ear, "My turn."