 Before Penny married Mark she had been married before when she was a young, innocent twenty-year old beauty to a wealthy man twenty years her senior who loved and spoiled her with everything she ever wanted or needed both physically and sexually. They had two daughters, Penelope and Pamela, in the first three years of their marriage who were growing up into beautiful, young girls.

When her daughters became of school age, they were enrolled in one of Sydney's most prestigious private girls' school, Miss Jones' Academy that enrolled both boarding and day school students, all coming from the most respected and wealthiest of families.

Penny's husband Zorba Kazantzakis, Zorba meaning "Live Each Day," owned a very successful world wide import-export business, so they wanted for nothing and lived in one of Sydney's most affluent neighborhoods in a large estate in North Sydney on Beauty Point facing the water and across from Northbridge with maids, butlers, and gardeners to keep it up and running efficiently according to their wants and needs. 

Penny's husband also made it possible for her to keep her graphic art business that she was just beginning to get off the ground when they first met when he came into her store to discuss a creative advertising project for his business. During the course of their business meetings, some of which were over dinner, Zorba fell hopelessly in love with Penny, and within the few short weeks after their meeting he proposed to her despite his acknowledging their age difference, she being twenty and he forty. However, true love knows no age difference, and so Penny accepted Zorba's marriage proposal.

Penny and Zorba had a thriving business; lived in a luxurious estate home; drove exotic, expensive autos; had two beautiful daughters; wanted for nothing; and enjoyed a very exciting and lustful sex life, Zorba often proudly showing Penny off in exquisite clothes and sexy, revealing bathing suits when they went out in public or to the public beaches. Theirs was an idyllic life.

Sadly, at the early age of forty-eight Zorba was diagnosed with prostate cancer and died within the year, leaving Penny at the age of twenty-eight a widow with two young daughters to rear. She also had the businesses to run, and even with the help of Zorba's father Nikos she found her life overwhelming as she tried to keep everything together.

Zorba had left Penny well off financially; however, without his powerful guidance and business savvy, it did not prosper as well as when he was the driving force. Penny, therefore, had to be careful with the family finances in order to maintain the affluent lifestyle to which she and her daughters were accustomed.

One morning Penny received a phone call from Miss Jones' Academy, informing her that her daughters' school fees had not been paid for the year and was asked if she could come in to discuss the matter with Miss Jones, the Headmistress. 

While Penny had dealt with the Headmistress Miss Jones before, but only on a casual basis, she was, nevertheless, very nervous about having to go see her to discuss the delinquent tuition fees and face the fact that if the payment for her daughters' education wasn't paid, Penelope and Pamela would not be able to remain in school. 

A day and time was set for the following morning for Penny to go in to see Miss Jones. This made her both very nervous as well as threatened. She was not comfortable about having to be confronted about any financial issue when money was tight at that time; although, payments for back orders were due to come in any day now that would permit her to take care of the fees for her daughters' education. Penny knew she would have to assure Miss Jones of this.

On top of this immediate financial problem, since the six years after her husband's death, Penny had been feeling increasingly lonely and missing him physically. Penny was a very sexual woman whose needs had not been met for a long time except for her masturbating on a frequent basis to satisfy her strong, sexual appetite. However, this was not fulfilling or satisfying Penny's deep-seated erotic needs.

The following morning Penny walked through the main doors of Miss Jones' Academy feeling very nervous and at loose ends, not sure what she would be able to say to Miss Jones to get her to agree to keep Penelope and Pamela in school since she didn't want them to have to enroll in public school even the better ones in her upscale community. Besides, Penelope and Pamela were very happy and contented at the Academy and had made many close friends during their enrollment there.

Penny walked down the long corridor with its shiny, tan, marble floor until she reached the double doors that had painted on the opaque glass in black letters Headmistress' Office. She paused, took several deep breaths before opening the right door and walking into the outer sitting room that was furnished with soft, tan, leather seats and sofas beside which were end tables on which were neatly placed magazines, mostly about education and some pamphlets about the academy itself. 

Sitting behind a large oak desk sat a very lovely, exotic Asian woman who looked to be in her late twenties. She looked up from her seat when the door opened and Penny walked into the outer office. She smiled charmingly at Penny and gave her the once-over, appreciating her beautiful body and lovely face.

"Good morning. You must be Mrs. Kazantzakis, Penelope's and Pamela's mother," she said graciously. "You are right on time. Let me tell Miss Jones you are here."

Penny looked warmly at the secretary and was awed by her exotic beauty, and without knowing why, she felt a twinge between her legs and herself getting wet in her crotch. She had never been attracted to women before, but she thought this sexual excitement at looking at the woman must be due to all her pent-up sexual energy she felt daily, the cause for her needing to masturbate every day to relieve herself through self-love. The very thought of this made Penny even wetter between her legs, and she squeezed her thighs together both to relieve some of the tension as well as to rub her excited clit. 

"Oh, my, why is this happening to me now?" Penny thought deeply within herself.

However, before she could answer her own inner question, she was brought back to the present by the secretary's low, sultry voice who had picked up the phone and punched the button to connect her with Miss Jones' office.

"Miss Jones, Penny Kazantzakis is here to see you," the secretary said sweetly while looking up at Penny and riveting her with her dark, brown, almond shaped eyes.

"Thank you, Miss Yamamoto. Bring her in. Would you please?" Miss Jones said in a calm, quiet voice.

"Yes, Mam," the secretary answered as she arose from her seat and stepped around her desk. "Won't you follow me, please, Mrs. Kazantzakis."

The secretary led the way as Penny followed behind her, noticing the firm curve of her well-rounded ass cheeks beneath her tightly-fitting, short blue skirt that was set off nicely by her white blouse—the school's colours--that had a wide, pointed collar cut low, revealing her cleavage of exceptionally large breasts for an Asian woman.

Penny watched the sway of her hips from side to side as she continued to walk behind her, almost mesmerized by the synchronization of their movement.

Having heard the door shut behind her and Penny, Miss Jones' secretary said softly, "Miss Jones, this is Mrs. Kazantzakis."

The Headmistress looked up from behind her large, mahogany desk and was immediately impressed with Penny's stunning beauty, beginning with her dark, black hair that hung below her bare shoulders, revealing her olive complexion reflecting her Greek ethnicity. Miss Jones gave her the once over, beginning with holding Penny's dark eyes with her own blue-grey eyes, wandering down to her full breasts, narrow waist, rounded hips that matched her breasts in size, and her shapely legs that extended beyond her black skirt that came almost to mid-thigh. 

"My, we have a good-looker here, I must say," thought Miss Jones as she continued to study Penny's body even to the point of undressing her with her eyes.

"Well, good morning, Mrs. Kazantzakis," she said politely, feeling her voice catch slightly in her throat.

"Oh, please, call me Penny. I'm not used to being called by my married name, especially now that my husband is dead. It actually makes me a little uncomfortable," Penny said half-apologetically.

"Very well then...Penny," Miss Jones agreed amicably. "Please, sit down," she continued as she pointed to a brown, leather chair with arms situated immediately across from the front of her desk.

Penny nodded and gracefully sat down, immediately crossing her left leg over her right knee that caused her skirt to slide up her thigh, revealing more of her curvaceous legs, something Miss Jones didn't fail to notice.

"Kiko," the Headmistress said to her secretary, "won't you come sit down beside me so you can keep any notes regarding this meeting. You can type them up later and put them into Mrs....Penny's folder."

"Yes, Mam," Kiko said as she moved forward holding her memo pad in her right hand against her breasts and sat down, she, too, crossing her legs but spreading them wide enough for Penny to catch a quick glimpse of the top of her shear nylons and the small, black crotch of her thong panties. 

Penny did not miss this movement of the secretary, and she wondered if it had been deliberate or by accident. She didn't know, but either way, Penny felt her heart flutter as she took a short, deep breath in an attempt to control herself. Never had she been so turned on from looking at another woman as she was by looking at Miss Jones' secretary.

"I'm sure you heard me call her by name, Penny, but this is Kiko, my trusted and loyal, as well as beautiful, secretary and assistant," Miss Jones said.

"Yes, I heard your name. It's beautiful," said Penny as she looked deeply into the brown pools of Kiko's eyes. "I'm very glad to meet you."

"As I am you, Mrs...."

Penny interrupted Kiko before she could finish, "Oh, you, too, please call me by my name Penny. I'd feel more comfortable if you don't mind."

Smiling somewhat slyly yet appreciatively, Kiko said, "All right, Penny, if you prefer a first name basis. You then may call me Kiko."

Penny smiled warmly at Kiko in appreciation.

"Well now, the formalities being out of the way, we should get down to the point of this meeting," said Miss Jones.

Penny nervously smiled at the Headmistress, knowing what the meeting was going to be about, her unpaid fees for her daughters' tuition.

Penny immediately explained the reason for her not having paid the girls' tuitions as yet was due to slow business and an unexpected difficulty with her cash flow due to payments coming in erratically, but she assured the Headmistress that as soon as her bills were paid by overdue accounts, she would be able to pay off the girls' tuition in full, asking her to be patient only for a short time.

"I know this is the best private school in Sydney and that Penelope and Pamela are very happy here and would not want to have to leave," Penny implored Miss Jones. 

Having her own agenda in mind, Miss Jones answered Penny in a soft but somewhat discouraging voice, "I do appreciate your financial situation, Penny, but you must realize as with your business the school operates on the tuition fees received from the parents of the students who attend the Academy. That's the only way we can operate and stay solvent. I am sorry to say, if you can't pay your girls' tuition, I'm afraid your daughters will have to leave."

Penny's heart sank, and she felt distressed with what Miss Jones had just told her, and the Headmistress didn't miss the look of disappointment on her face. However, Penny gathered her wits about her in an effort to try to ask the Headmistress to be patient and give her just a little more time, two weeks perhaps at the most.

In a final plea Penny asked in complete desperation, "I understand your situation, Miss Jones, but what can I do not to have this happen. I'll do anything. Anything you want."

A sly smile crossed Miss Jones' face, looking like a cat that has cornered a mouse. She had the look of the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland about her. 

"Well, I don't know what that could be, Penny," Miss Jones answered quite innocently. After all, rules are rules, and rules are meant to be followed," Miss Jones said authoritatively. 

Penny looked downtrodden, finding herself caught up in this situation where she was put on the spot on behalf of her daughters' education, an education she didn't want interrupted by not being able to pay their tuition, needing just about two weeks until back payments on orders came into the business. 

The Headmistress saw Penny fidgeting in her chair and twisting her fingers, and she felt it was time to move on with her anticipated agenda.

"I know this is quite personal, but, Penny, but tell me more about your current situation, including more about your departed husband. I'm sure you must miss him terribly. Besides your present financial crunch, how are you coping? Emotionally? Physically? And, if you don't mind my asking, the beautiful woman that you are, Sexually?"

Penny looked up startled by Miss Jones' last question, wondering what her sex life had to do with the discussion and her present situation.

"Why...why...I'm not sure what you mean, Miss Jones, and why you would be asking such personal questions," Penny said in a half-whisper.

"Well, Penny, given your present predicament, I just have a possible solution that just might let your girls remain in school," said the Headmistress matter-of-factly.

Penny had no idea where the conversation was heading with such personal questions being asked of her, but she did pick up on the Headmistress' saying she had a possible solution that might let Penelope and Pamela remain at the Academy, so reluctantly Penny answered Miss Jones' direct, personal questions.

"Well then, Penny, if you are willing to be open and discreet, do you want to pursue my intended proposition?" asked Miss Jones, emphasizing the words open and discreet.

"I really don't know what you mean or where you are heading with this line of questioning," Penny answered, feeling as if she were skating on very thin ice, "but if it will help to keep my girls in your school, 'Yes,' I can be open and discreet as much as you wish," Penny said still unsure of herself or where all this was going to lead as she watched Miss Jones get up out of her plush leather chair, walk around her desk, and go to the front of her desk, stopping directly in front of her and sitting against the edge that caused a crease to form across her ass cheeks.

It was then Penny first took notice of how well-built Miss Jones was as she stood there with her feet firmly planted on the floor with her legs spread beneath her skirt, thus emphasizing another crease that cut across her crotch and molded her skirt tightly against the roundness of her full hips and thighs and accentuated her muscular calves. Penny had to admit Miss Jones was a very beautiful and well-built woman, something she hadn't noticed while she was sitting behind her desk.

Miss Jones had short, shiny red hair that framed her heart-shaped face with her long, straight nose; beautiful blue-grey eyes accentuated by long, dark eyelashes; fair complexion; and full lips accentuated with dark pink lip Gloss. 

Penny was captivated by Miss Jones' unexpected beauty, and with her standing so provocatively close to her, so close that she smelled the fragrance of her subtle perfume, she felt herself blush and feel warm all over.

"Before we go on, Penny, since this has become less formal and actually more personal, why not call me by my first name. Rhoda. A good Welsh name with Irish thrown in with it," said the Headmistress.

"All...all right, Rhoda, if you say so. I told you I'd be willing to be open and discreet," answered Penny.

Rhoda smiled victoriously, knowing she had Penny exactly where she wanted her with her willing to do whatever she said or asked of her. 

"Ah, things are going much better than I had hoped," Rhoda thought satisfactorily to herself. "Very well."

"Now, Penny, I want you to stand up," Rhoda said in a somewhat authoritative voice she had mastered over the years of being owner and Headmistress of the Academy as she moved away from her desk and slowly walked around Penny, stopping behind her but being very close, so close Penny felt the heat of her body and occasionally was aware of her pressing her breasts into her back.

With the very touch of her breasts Penny's heart beat faster, and she felt the pulse in her temples and by now was fully aware of a wet spot on her panties, and she inadvertently squeezed her thighs together again to rub her aroused clit. Penny was still amazed that she was becoming so sexually aroused and turned on by these two women, Rhoda and Kiko, but her wet panties told no lies. She couldn't deny she was very sexually turned-on.

As all these thoughts and feelings were going on inside Penny, flooding her sensual nature, Rhoda lowered her head until her lips were almost touching Penny's right ear and seductively whispered, "Tell me, Penny, what are you wearing under your skirt and blouse?"

Penny hesitated answering, not quite believing Rhoda was going to be this personal.

"I'm unbuttoning my blouse, Penny. It's getting hot in here. Don't you agree?" Rhoda asked.

Before Penny answered, Rhoda said, "Penny, you do the same. Unbutton your blouse. And, Kiko, you unbutton your blouse, too."

Without hesitation Kiko raised her fingers to the top of her blouse and started to unbutton it very slowly, seductively...one button at a time until she had it completely unbuttoned down to her waist, and then she took the top edges of her blouse and separated them until Penny saw her low cut black bra that showed off both her cleavage as well as the fullness of her breasts. Kiko then pulled out the tails of her blouse, unbuttoned the last two buttons and opened her blouse completely. Having done this Kiko slid her hands over her tight abdomen until she rested her fingers on the outline of her crotch and pressed them against her covered pussy.

Upon her touching herself, Kiko let out a mewling, soft moan of sexual delight.

"Does that turn you on, Penny, seeing Kiko touching herself?" Rhoda asked.

Penny was mesmerized at the very sight of Kiko standing there with her legs pressed outward against her skirt and her fingers working on the indentation of her crotch made in the skirt by her fingers.

"Isn't Kiko beautiful, Penny? Would you like to see her naked in all her fleshly glory?" asked Rhoda salaciously.

Before Penny could answer, Rhoda put her mouth onto Penny's ear and seductively whispered, "I want you to do as Kiko did, Penny. I want you to unbutton your blouse slowly and remove it so Kiko can see your lovely, big breasts, and then I want you to take off your skirt as Kiko is doing now with her skirt. Isn't Kiko beautiful just wearing her black bra, garter belt, panties, and nylons?"

All Penny could do was shake her head 'yes' while she stared in sexual awe of Kiko's beautiful body. Penny stuck out her tongue and licked slowly around the outline of her luscious lips, making Kiko smile in sensual delight at the effect she was having on Penny.

Penny was scared, embarrassed, and excited at the same time. Never before had anything like this happened to her, to be asked to strip naked in front of women and have them take off their clothes for her to see their gorgeous bodies. However, Penny's pent-up sexual lust was begging for release and attention by now, and so she willingly did as Rhoda told her to do. She slowly took off her blouse, and then unbuttoned the button on the side of her skirt and slid it off her body, lifting one leg at a time until it lay on the floor in a bundle around her shoe-covered feet. She now was standing in nothing but her bra; panties that had a big wet spot in the crotch; and thigh high, black nylons. Strands of her dark, black, thick pubic hair stuck out from underneath the sides of her panties, the color of her pubic hair as black as the color of her panties.
