 I had been involved in several threesomes & more-somes, but had never been one-on-one with another woman before. My girlfriend was also curious about making love to a woman and had always wanted to try but was never able to find a willing partner. Her boyfriend was very jealous and would never dream of sharing her with another man, so a foursome was out of the question. One night, I think more out of curiosity on his part as to whether or not his girlfriend was capable of being with another woman, and also since he had had a couple of brews and was in a jovial mood, he suggested that the two of us have some playtime alone. After some conference time between the two couples, both boyfriends agreed to allow their ladies some "private time to explore the possibilities."

We slowly walked to my boyfriend's apartment. Tina & Bob held hands and giggled while Batt and I teased each other, Batt's hand firmly on my ass pinching it from time to time, my hand resting on his belt buckle, slipping off occasionally and brushing against his visible erection, then back up to his belt buckle.

When we arrived at the apartment, Batt took our jackets and I ran to get some drinks for everyone. As I came back in the room I noticed how hot Tina looked, dressed in a tight sheer blouse, which accentuated her full breasts, and tight jeans that hugged every curve on her body. Her nipples poked through the material and I couldn't take my eyes off of them. Batt noticed me looking at Tina and asked Bob if he was sure that he didn't want to stay and watch what the girls were going to do. Bob hesitated, then said, "No, let's go." And with that, it was just the two of us. I stood in front of Tina and gently caressed her hair, then slowly reached down and took her delicate hand in mine. She stood and I led her to Batt's bed.

She sat on the queen sized bed, looking so small, like a little doll. I sat next to her and gently brushed her long brown hair out of her eyes, leaning in to kiss her full sultry lips. Our lips met in a long, passionate kiss. She ran both hands through my hair, allowing them to settle on my shoulder blades. I brought one hand up to her full breast, gently caressing it and marveling at how full and round it was. Tina was a 36 D, whereas I was a 32 B, and the fullness and roundness amazed me. I began to unbutton her blouse and gave her light kisses on her lips, then down her neck, then down to her cleavage as I undid the last button. I pulled back as I opened her blouse...she had the most perfect breasts I'd ever seen. Tina slid her shirt off, allowing it to fall on the floor. I pulled my blouse over my head, tossing it aside quickly. Tina reached down to unzip my jeans, kissing her way down as she glided them down my legs to the floor. 

As I stepped out of them she slowly lowered my panties and I stepped out of them as well. Then she began gliding her tongue over my clit, making tiny little circles. I moaned with each flick of her tongue. She was so much gentler than any of the men I'd been with! I told her that I wanted to finish undressing her as well, so Tina stood in front of me and we kissed passionately for a few moments while I undid and unzipped her pants. I grabbed the waistband of her pants and her panties and gently slid them down her legs, kissing as I brought them down to the floor. I pulled them off and gently pulled her down to a sitting position on the bed. 

As I kneeled in front of her I asked Tina to lay back. She stretched out on the bed and I gently parted her knees and slowly began rubbing her clit with my finger. I then brought my tongue to her clit and started flicking my tongue gently over it. My hands moved slowly up from her hips, hugging the curves of her tiny waist, finally settling on her breasts. I slid my tongue from her clit up into her vagina, then slid it back to her clit, finding her nipples and gently tweaking them with my fingers. Tina's hips started rocking as I sucked on her now swollen clit. She began moaning loudly and thrusting her clit into my mouth and grabbing my long blonde hair in her fingers as she came. Her cum was so sweet and inviting, not at all like a man's cum, and I could feel her pussy contracting as she came. I climbed on top of the bed to join her, wrapping her in my arms and kissing her passionately.

Tina pushed herself up on one arm and brushed the hair out of my eyes. She kissed me on the lips gently and pulled away smiling an evil grin. "It's my turn now." She climbed on top of me, straddling me, rubbing her breasts against mine. I could feel her hard nipples gently brush against mine, then she slid down to the foot of the bed, kissing my body along the way. She slowly ran her tongue from side to side over my clit, then down to one lip, where she began nibbling on it, then back up across my clit down to the other lip, nibbling and sucking on it. Then she slowly inserted her finger in my pussy while she licked and sucked on my clit. With her free hand she squeezed my nipple between her thumb and middle finger and with her index finger gently stroked my nipple. The combination of sensations was too much and I came loudly, my pussy throbbing as I came. Tina lapped up my juices and smiled up at me.

Tina said she wanted to try a 69, so I climbed to the middle of the bed and she straddled my face while lowering her pussy to my eager lips. She licked my clit from side to side, her tongue darting quickly over my throbbing clit. I licked her sweet pussy from back to front, penetrating her dripping wet cunt with my tongue. Tina began rocking back and forth over my face, then in a circular motion. I quickened my tongue lashes and reached up and placed my finger in her ass. She gasped, then moaned, then began rocking back and forth again, and began licking my pussy faster in little concentric circles, just barely brushing over my clit. 

I could feel her hard nipples rubbing against my belly, as her pendulous breasts swung back and forth. I began writhing uncontrollably. I came hard, and started licking her clit faster. I could tell she was close to coming, too, so I inserted my finger in her pussy while licking her clit. She exploded moments later, grinding her clit against my mouth. I sucked up her sweet juices as she continued to lap up mine. Tina climbed off of me and we cuddled up in each other's arms and kissed each other with quick little kisses. We didn't realize until the doorbell rang that more than two hours had elapsed since the boys had left. We quickly started dressing as we heard Batt unlocking the front door. 

The boys came in and we barely had time to throw our clothes on before they got to the bedroom, which was in the back of the apartment. They laughed as they saw us trying to straighten up and button up after our little adventure. Bob asked Tina if she enjoyed herself and she winked at me and said that she had an amazing time. Bob said that it was time for them to go so that he could have an "amazing time" too. Before they walked out the front door, I hugged Bob goodbye and then Tina and I shared a long passionate kiss and said goodnight. Batt and Bob stood there with their eyes opened wide, looked at each other, and smiled the most wicked grins I had ever seen. Needless to say, they made a hasty retreat, and Batt and I spent the rest of the weekend in bed with Batt milking me for all the details.