 This is a story that never happened, but should have, and maybe still will. Jessica was sitting alone on the couch, again. Her husband was out of town on business, again. It seemed like he was always somewhere else. Jessica was feeling very lonely tonight, more so than usual. She looked at the clock on the mantle, 10:00pm Friday night, and here she sat. She decided that she wasn't going to waste another Friday night sitting home alone. She picked up the phone and dialed Kelli's number. 

"Kelli, this is Jess, what are you doing tonight? Tom is out of town again and I feel like going out. Wanna join me?"

Kelli thought for a minute and said "sure Jess, why don't you come over and pick me up?"

"OK, I'll be over in just a little bit." 

Kelli put the phone down and thought about how much Jessica had been alone lately. With a wicked grin on her face she headed up the stairs to get dressed. Jessica rang the doorbell, when the door opened she stood and looked in amazement. Finally, after a few seconds she managed to say "Kelli, what the hell are you dressed like that for?" Kelli was standing in the doorway wearing a tight, almost see through top with a low cut front that barely covered her generous sized breasts. She had on a short skirt that looked like it had been painted on and fishnet stockings. She smiled at Jess and told her to come in that she needed to get dressed too. Jess was still staring at Kelli in disbelief as they went into the bedroom to find Jess some clothes. Kelli pulled out a pair of black lace panties with no crotch and told Jess to put them on. Then she tossed her a black push up bra to match the panties. Jess was standing in the middle of the room with a dumbfounded look on her face.

Kelli looked at her with a devilish grin and told her to hurry up and start changing. Jess started to take off the dress she was wearing while Kelli was going through her drawers trying to find something suitable for Jess for the evening. Jess looked up as Kelli bent over and noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties, just the stockings and a garter. She also noticed that Kelli was clean shaven. Jess asked her how long she had been shaving like that. Kelli turned and smiled and told her that she had kept it shaved ever since last summer when she was on vacation. She told Jess she should try it that it felt great. Jess blushed at the thought of being clean shaven. Kelli saw the look in Jess's eyes and grabbed her hand, leading her into the bathroom. Kelli told Jess to finish undressing while she grabbed the scissors, shaving cream, and a new razor. 

Jess was standing in the middle of the bathroom feeling very self conscious about being naked in front of Kelli. Kelli turned around and told Jess to sit on the counter next to the sink. Jess slowly did as she was instructed. She felt her face turning red as Kelli smiled at her, scissors in hand. Kelli took the scissors and started cutting Jess's flame red pubic hair. Jess started to squirm as Kelli cut closer and closer to her lips. Kelli looked up at Jess and told her to relax and enjoy it. Kelli put the scissors down and started to brush the loose hair off with her hand. She noticed that her lips were red and swollen and she could see that Jess was definitely getting aroused. She took her hand and dipped it into the sink full of warm water and then poured the water on Jess's half naked pussy. Jess moaned softly as the warm water hit her. Kelli then took the shaving cream and lathered her up. Kelli looked at Jess and told her to spread her legs as wide as she could and try not to move too much. Then she grinned and said "trust me honey."

Kelli started at the top of her hairline with gentle, deliberate strokes. Jess was leaning on her elbows looking down as Kelli started shaving her. She noticed the contrast between Kelli's coal black hair and dark complexion against her fire red hair and milky white skin. Kelli continued shaving and as she got lower she used one hand to gently spread Jess's lips so she could get to all the little hairs. Every time Kelli touched her Jess would moan, this was the most erotic thing Jess had ever felt in her entire life. It was so different from when her husband played with her. Kelli's touch was so soft and gentle. Kelli rinsed off what she had done so she could see. She smiled as she stared at Jess's freshly shaved lips. Jess said "let me see Kelli," but Kelli said she wasn't done yet. She told Jess to turn over and get on her knees and bend forward. This put her butt up and Kelli could finish shaving her backside. Kelli put some fresh warm water on her and got her lathered up again. She finished shaving all the stray hairs on her pussy and the started shaving around her ass. When she pulled her cheeks apart and started shaving around her asshole Jess jumped a little. Kelli stopped for a moment to make sure she was all right. Jess said she was, it was just that she wasn't use to anyone touching her there. She admitted that she and her husband had never tried anything 'there' before. Kelli assured her that she would not hurt her. 

The more Kelli touched her the hotter she got and the deeper she moaned. Kelli noticed this and intentionally started to rub her ass with her fingers. She took her index finger and started to rub right on her little hole, slowly at first and then a little stronger. Jess started pushing back against her finger a little and Kelli started to push it inside. She pushed very slowly so as not to hurt Jess. Jess was moaning softly as Kelli pushed further into her ass. Jess said she had never felt anything like that before in her life. Kelli stopped so Jess could adjust to the foreign object that was now deep inside her. When Kelli felt her muscles relax she started moving her finger in and out. Jess could feel her orgasm building and she reached down and started rubbing her clit as Kelli pushed her finger in and out of her ass. Jess let out a scream as her orgasm hit her and she pushed back hard on Kelli's finger as wave after wave washed over her body. Kelli slowly withdrew her finger and leaned forward and ran her tongue over Jess's bald pussy. Jess was like a woman possessed now he shoved her pussy back onto Kelli's face and Kelli shoved her tongue inside tasting the cum that was now starting to ooze out. Kelli licked and sucked and ran her tongue all over Jess's pussy until Jess collapsed on the counter with a wicked grin on her face. 

Kelli stood up, smiled at Jess and said "next time it's my turn. But first we need to take a shower and get you cleaned up."

But that's another story.