 Fairen—PART 2

After weeks had passed and Angela got better, I continued to work as a lady of the house for the Madam. I eventually had to give up my bedroom downstairs to the new housekeeper, but by then I had grown accustomed to my new bedroom. 

Late at night, when both of our “guests” had left, Angela would come into my room and we would lay on my bed and talk about what had happened or how our day went. We talked about everything and absolutely nothing! One night, I told her of how I wanted to run a business of my own. She then confessed that she really did dream of doing hair and running a spa.

“You can do it,” I encouraged her.

“I know I can,” she agreed. “But right now, getting this operation for my little brother and taking care of him is much more important and tips from hair school is not going to cover it. Working here, in this house, does.”

“I guess that I can understand that,” I told her. “You are a really good person and you’ll get it. I have faith in you.”

“Thank you, girl,” she told me. “That means a whole lot to me.”

“Well, YOU mean a whole lot to me,” I confessed to her. “You’re my best friend.”

We laid there for a while lost in our own thoughts before we both fell asleep.


A couple of months later, I finally graduated from the university that I was attending. I was congratulated by the Madam and the other ladies of the house. Angela had something better in mind. That afternoon, right after the graduation ceremony, she treated me to lunch at a very nice restaurant....

“This is really nice,” I said as I made myself comfortable in my chair. I took in the atmosphere of the place. A beautiful fountain was only a few feet away from us. Exotic flowers and plants were everywhere. Soft jazz played in the background. The total effect was very relaxing. “UI like this.”

“Only the best for my girl,” she said smiling at me. We sipped on strawberry daiquiris as we waited for our appetizers. Once our lobster and crab stuffed porta bella mushrooms arrived, we nibbled on the delicacies and made small talk. Once we were dining on our different seafood pastas, she asked, “What now?”

“I don’t know,” I confessed. “Maybe, I will just relax for a couple of weeks, then look for a job at a nice company for starters. I’m still debating.”

“Are you going to stay at the bordello for a while?” she asked. For some reason, her eyes seemed to beg me to say yes.

“For a little while,” I said. “But I don’t plan to be there forever.”

“Neither do I,” Angela told me. “Once my brother has his surgery and I save up a little extra cash, I am outta there. I want my brother at home with me.”

“That’s good,” I told her. “That’s the way that it should be. You still plan on going to school to get your license?”

“Of course,” she said after swallowing a shrimp. “I’m good!” she informed me with confidence. “You ought to let me hook you up.”

“So what are you trying to say?” I joked. “I look like shit?”

“No, girl,” she said on a laugh. “I just know that I can make that pretty face of yours look even better with a facial and a cute hairstyle.”

“Think so?” I challenged her.

“I know so,” she said back at me. She sat there for a second before saying, “I have an idea.” I sat and waited for her to finish. “Let’s take the night off and get a room away from the house, maybe even out of town. I’ll fix you and me up and we can go out.”

I sat for a second, thinking about it. “That does sound like fun,” I admitted to her. “Okay. Let’s do it.” She gave me a gleeful little yelp before she paid the check. We then went back to the bordello and packed a days worth of clothes and necessities. We told Madam Nadia that we would not be working that night and we then hopped into my black Honda Accord. 

We rode for about two hours and checked into a suite at a Hilton Hotel nearly a hundred and fifty miles from the bordello. We entered our room and eyes  flew to the hot tub that was already on and bubbling. Excited, we both stripped down to nothing and made our way to the hot tub that waited for us. We had grown used to seeing one another naked as we tried on different negligees when we went shopping or got ready for our guests at the bordello.     What Angela didn’t know was that I loved looking at her! Her petite body was ideal for a goddess. She was stunning and what made that better was that she didn’t even know it.

Her eyes were a awesome green with flecks of gold! She was about 5'4", a 34 C with a tiny waist, a tight, flat stomach and a very nice ass. Her peach complexion often made people wonder if she was a white girl or a black girl. Very few people knew that because of her mixed heritage, she was in actuality both. Her jet black hair was naturally curly and fell to the middle of her back when she wore it down. When she wore it straight, it fell nearly to her waist.  As we sat in the hot tub, she had it pulled up into a ponytail of curls.

I was about the same height as Angela(maybe a drop taller), but that’s where the similarities between us ended. My hair black with reddish highlights and was straight. It fell just below my shoulders. I was often complemented on my hazel eyes that were just a few shades lighter than  my caramel hued skin. My breasts were larger than Angela’s though, 36 D, to be exact. My waist wasn’t as small as hers, but nice just the same. My hips were what some people called “child-birthing hips”. Though my stomach was flat, it was softer than Angela’s. However my most noticeable feature was an ass that made Jennifer Lopez’s seem small! You could damn near sit a drink on it without me knowing! Butt anyway  (get the pun?)......

We both relaxed in the tub for about half an hour before I asked her what she had in store for my make over.

“I was thinking about giving you an up-do,” she informed me. “You always wear it in that bob. It’s time to try something new. Trust me. I’ll take good care of you.”

“You better not mess me up,” I told her, though I knew that she wouldn’t. “Let’s get out of this hot tub before we look like prunes,” I said before I rose from the hot tub.

“I’ll be out in a few minutes,” she said, laying her head back against the rim of the hot tub. She then closed her eyes as a soft moan escaped her lips.

For a minute, I could only stare at her. As my gaze fell to her slightly parted lips, I suddenly wondered what they would feel like brushing gently against mine. I closed my eyes for several seconds and let my mind savor what my imagination had created.

“Fairen?”

Angela’s voice pulled me out of my reverie. “Hmm?” I asked a little breathlessly.

“Are you okay?” she asked me, stepping out of the hot tub.

“I’m fine,” I assured her as I dried myself off with a fluffy towel. “Once I slip on a shirt, you can have your way with  me.”

“Well, I didn’t know that you liked me like that,” she joked.

I just laughed a little. If only she knew!

I found a large button-up shirt in my bag and slipped it on. “I’m ready,” I told her. 

“Okay,” she said as she plugged up several hair curling irons. Then she opened up an enormous makeup case and said, “While the curlers get warm, I’m going to spruce up your face- not that you really need any sprucing up.” she quickly assured me.

“Yeah...whatever,” I said, rolling my eyes at her. 

For the next thirty minutes, she worked on my face, picking out and trying out every color of lipstick and eye shadow that she had until she was satisfied. Everything was going smoothly until she started tweezing my eyebrows. “I don’t think I like this shit,” I told her as I slapped the tweezers out of her hand.

“Quit being a baby,” she said as she retrieved the eye-plucking tool form the floor. “Would you prefer it if I waxed them off?” she challenged.

“Hell no,” I replied, remembering my first and only wax job. “Just hurry up and get it over with”, I told her, steeling my self for the multiple plucks to my eyebrows.

A few minutes later....

“That wasn’t so bad now, was it?” Angela asked me triumphantly as she set the evil eye torturing tool on the dresser top. I just gave her an evil look. “You look beautiful...trust me,” she told me. “And now... on to your hair!!”

Forty minutes (three different hair curlers and several hair pins) later, Angela allowed me to finally look into a mirror to see what she called her “Masterpiece”. I was very impressed with her work. I couldn’t believe that the girl in the mirror was me! My regular straight “bob” hairstyle was gone, replaced with a ton of soft ringlets piled onto the top of my head with a few tendrils loose, caressing both sides of my face. The makeup that the used seemed to make my eyes stand out. I was very, very happy with what she had done. “I love it!” I told her. “You are awesome!”

She blushed at my compliment and said, “Thank you. I had fun doing it. You look very beautiful.”

“Do you really think so?” I asked, still looking at my reflection in the mirror.

“I’ve always thought that you were beautiful,” she said. “I just accented it. That’s all.”

I turned to her and said, “Really?”

“Yes... Really.”

We both looked at one another for a few moments before I broke the silence. “I think that you are beautiful too”, I told her.

“You don’t have to say that because I said it,” she said looking down at her hands. She then began to fidget with her hands.

When she refused to look at me, I raised her head with my fingertips. “You really don’t know how beautiful you are, do you?” I asked, being bold enough to caress her soft cheek with my finger. I secretly  reveled at the feel of her warm skin. “You are simply stunning,” I told her. “You drive the men crazy!” Then I confessed, “You drive ME crazy!”

Her eyes widened as she looked into mine. I feared what she may have been thinking, but I figured that if I had went that far and let the cat out of the bag, I would go all of the way. I tilted her lips towards mine and gently brushed them with my own. Her lips parted with a small gasp, however she made no objections. I took this a s a cue to make another move. I kissed her gently again, adding  just a little more pressure to her lips. I almost lost it when I heard a soft moan come from her. I was enjoying  it so much, but it seemed that I wasn’t the only one! I felt her hands land shakily on my waist. Her hands shook as I continued to softly kiss her lips. “Do you want me to stop?” I asked her, barely recognizing my own voice.

“No”, she said, looking at me shyly. She then took one shaky hand and began to remove the hairpins that she had neatly placed in my hair only minutes before. When I looked at her with curiosity, she said, “I liked it like this too.”

I looked in the mirror and saw the reflection of the two of us so close. My breath caught in my throat at the erotic picture that we made. I then looked back at her and asked, “Are you sure about this?”

“I’ve never been surer about anything,” she assured me.”I want this.... I NEED this...”

She then touched my cheek with her soft delicate hand and drew me closer to her. Our lips met in a soft kiss that grew deeper and more urgent. My hands ran over her shoulders, arms, sides and back as her hands caressed my face neck and back. 

It was a new sensation for me to kiss a woman this way. I hadn’t felt this kind of passion in the men that I had kissed before...not even Robert! When we finally pulled apart, we were both in desperate need of air. “Oh my” was all that I could say! When Angela and I looked at each and kinda laughed a little bit, I had figured that it was the end of it. Our “experimenting” was over. However, Angela surprised me. She looked me in the eye and then lifted and removed her tee shirt from her body. Once again, I was taken aback by the beauty of her body. I could only look at her as she approached me and began to unbutton my shirt. Once all of the buttons were unclasped, she gently pushed the shirt from my shoulders. I let it fall to the floor with a soft whoosh.

She stared at me for a moment before saying, “You are gorgeous.”

“Not half as gorgeous as you,” I told her with a smile. Somewhat nervously, I reached out and gently ran my knuckles across her right nipple. It seemed to come to life at my touch, slowly hardening at my caress. Unable to resist, I bent my head down and lightly sucked it into my mouth. She moaned and pulled my head closer to her body. She tangled her fingers into my hair as I gently pulled on her nipple with my lips. After a few moments, I pulled away from her and asked her if she liked what I was doing. She nodded before kissing me with the kind of passion that I had never experienced before her. 

How we made it to the bed, I have no clue, but before I knew what happened, we were both on the bed entwined in each other, kissing deeply and urgently. When I felt her moist pussy brush against my thigh, I almost went mad! I had never wanted any one like I wanted her! I tore my lips away from her and returned my attention to her beautiful breasts. AS I licked and sucked and nibbled on her right nipple, I played with her left one until it was nearly as hard a  marble. Then I turned my attention to it, gently torturing it with my tongue, teeth and lips and I played with the right one with my free hand.

When her now wet pussy brushed across my belly, I realized that I had been neglecting it. As I continued to suck on her left nipple, I removed my hand from her right one and let it slowly trail down to her soaking clit and felt the wetness that waited for me. Hearing Angela’s soft intake of breath let me know that I was doing the right thing. ‘Yes, Fairen....yes!” she moaned as my hand began to slowly massage her throbbing clit. She squirmed and writhed under my delicate touch to her clit. My own clit had began to throb, so I left hers just long enough to temporarily appease myself. I rubbed my soaking wet pussy quickly for a few moments before returning to hers. “Fairen.... please!” she moaned, her head turned against her pillow. 

I then slowly slid two fingers into her sopping wet pocket and fingered her gently as my lips returned to hers for another one of those mind boggling kisses. Is my fingers moved in and out of her, my thumb constantly grazed her clit, making her moan over and over for me. I looked at her after a few minutes and asked her, “Do you want it?”


“Yes” she said breathlessly, nodding her head furiously. “Yes please!” I then slowly ran a trail down from her lips to her neck, then down her stomach, pausing just long enough to dip my tongue into her navel. She moaned as I made my way to her saturated pussy. Gingerly, I parted her pussy lips, revealing the swollen nub that awaited me. I flicked it back and forth a few times with my fingertips before I nervously flicked it with the tip of my tongue. She jumped slightly at the contact. 

I looked up at her. 

“Don’t stop,” she urged, redirecting my head back to her clit. I flicked my tongue across it, up and down, back and forth several times. Then, feeling saucier, I let my tongue plunge deep into her sopping, juicy cave of femininity, relishing the very flavor of her. I had never savored a taste like it and I tremendously enjoyed it!

 She tugged on my hair in ecstasy, hurling her head from side to side, moaning, bitting into her bottom lip as I sipped from her womanhood. I reintroduced my tongue to her clit and slithered two fingers back into her quaking cat. Her hips rolled and rose to meet my mouth. She bucked beneath me, basking in the delight that I was offering her. “Fairen...” she whimpered over and over as I fucked her with my fingers and gave her the profoundest of all kisses. “Fairen...” she moaned, “I’m cumming!”Her grasp on the curls in my hair tightened as her perspiring body acclimated as she detonated with her first awesome climax. She wept my name over and over again as she drifted from the cloud that I had placed her upon.

We laid noiselessly for a while, hearing only the sounds of our breathing. I laid my head on her stomach as she stroked my hair. “Fairen, I am speechless”, she declared to me in wonder. “That was phenomenal.”

“I agree,” I said, looking up at her, feeling the pulsating between my thighs. I still lacked release.

I felt kinda peculiar about asking her to do to me what I had done to her so I decided to placate myself. When I heard her breathing slow down I knew that she was asleep so I climbed into the bed next to her and proceeded to rub my fingers across my pulsating pussy, determined to swiftly satisfy myself. I closed my eyes and pretended that it was Angela who was quickly rubbing my pussy, not me.

As if my imagination has metamorphosed into reality, I felt Angela’s had stop the progress that I was striving to make. “No darling,” she whispered to me before her delicate lips found mine. Our tongues dueled as her hands went to my breasts. She gently toyed with my   nipples until they were both as hard as tiny boulders before she tore her mouth away from mine and captured one in her mouth. Sensations that I was unenlightened with surged through me as she gently nibbled upon the solid kernels at the tips of my breasts. I had had my breast sucked upon many times before, but being with Angela made it so much more stimulating! I moaned as she took turns on each nipple, tugging each into her mouth, worshiping them with her tongue.

I nearly lost my mind when she replicated my earlier treatment on her, placing two fingers deep into my love nest, soaking her fingers with my sex juices. She then took the same two fingers and ran them over my sopping clit. “Mmmmm, Angie...” I moaned as she rubbed me slowly then quickly, then slowly again. I elevated my hips to give her fingers greater access to my palpitating clit. She kissed me deeply as she slither those wonderful fingers back into my pussy, finger fucking me slowly, letting her thumb graze as I had done her previously. No longer feeling bashful in the least, I moaned , “Taste me.....PLEASE!”

Angela smiled at me sexily before her head drifted to my biding, trembling pussy. Experimentally, her tongue sloshed against my clit, nearly sending me over the edge. Growing more confident from hearing my wails of delight, she then leisurely began to devour my pussy, licking my clit then lapping at the lair of my womanhood, dipping her tongue deep into me before working me over with those magical fingers. She fingered me strongly as she licked and sucked on my clit.  I held the back of her head as I made love to her face and fingers. She seemed to enjoy it almost more that I did, never relinquishing her grasp on my pussy, even when I thought that I could take any more of the blissful attack.

Unable to contain myself any longer, I felt my body stiffen in the commencement of my first explosive orgasm. My body began to tremble uncontrollably as Angela continued her erotic assault on my pussy, sending me over the edge once more. I tried to back away from her and give my self the opportunity to catch my breath, but she didn’t permit it. She lapped at my pussy more still, driving me insane, refusing to release me until she sent me over the edge a third time.

Much later, we both lay in the bed, exhausted but happy.

From that night on, we both spent our free nights at that very same hotel. Though it was our jobs to cater the men who adored us, we got the most pleasure from catering to each other. A year went by before she finally had enough money to take care of her brother and leave the bordello for good. I stayed behind and we kept in contact.

As I look back and reminisce about the bordello, I know that one of the things that I miss the most.... is Angela.........