 Ch. 3: The Lady Meets the 'Lad'

Alicia was busy planning the French trip when the telephone rang. It was Manny, terribly sorry but she had to postpone the visit. She would e-mail Lady Alicia for a new appointment to suit.

To say she was deeply disappointed was an understatement. When the telephone rang again it took all of her ingrained breeding not to snap the head off the caller but putting her chagrin on one side she said as pleasantly as possible.

"Hello, Alicia, Countess of Bellingham." she said.

"Hello, this is Binghampton Bloodstock Yard. I should like to speak to her ladyship please". a female voice replied.

"Yes, this is she, how can I help you, is there are problem with the horse? Oh and please, lady Alicia will do 'Your ladyship' is just too much. " she replied.

"No, no problem, but if your stables are ready I should like to bring your horse over today." the voice said.

"No problem we have a boy from the village Thomas Allardyce, my housekeepers son to look after our horses, well at the moment just the one belonging to Sir Charles, What time shall I tell Thomas to expect you?"

"About 3.00 be OK?"

"Absolutely, see you at o'clock"

Her spirits revived Alicia went down to the kitchen to tell cook that she would be dining alone, so no fuss. 

"Oh thats alright m'lady. Though knowing this household I shall make sure that there is enough for two. Shall we say a smoke salmon starter and possibly Boeff en crouton to follow. I shall serve it myself if you please. I can ring Mrs Allardyce to save her the journey." Mrs Harris said helpfully. "What about luncheon? a Spanish omelet?" In answer to Alicia's nod and a smile, she replied "Good, thats all fixed then."

Alicia was in the yard when a Land Rover pulling a Horse-box arrived. She was quite surprised when a woman on her own descended from the vehicle. She did not live up to Alicia's impression of a 'yard lad' as even the females were called who looked after the horses. Apart from the fact she looked to be in her late thirties or early forties, herJodhpurs were of a very expensive cut and the sweater she wore over a checked shirt appeared to be cashmere. She introduced herself as Jenny and straightway went to the box to drop the ramp. Thomas appeared and jenny was giving him instructions concerning the horse who was named as 'Masterton'

It had not occurred to Alicia earlier although this was undoubtedly the same female who had phoned her, this female had a very cultured voice and if Alicia was not mistaken this young woman had also been educated at Roedene although possible ten or 15 years after she herself went there.

As Jenny turned to get into her Land Rover again Alicia said, with a query in her voice. "Roedene?"

Jenny smiled, "Yes, how did you guess?"

Alicia returned the smile, "My Alma mater too y'know. Come and have some tea." so saying she led the way through towards the drawing room. Jenny had dropped behind and was using the Riding Boot remover to help her off with the boots.

"No need for that Jenny" she said. "Hmmm I think so, manure y'know."Jenny answered.

Mrs Harris served tea , scones,devon cream and strawberry jam and the two tucked into the fare with a will.

Afterwards Jenny asked Alicia if she had enjoyed her day at the Bloodstock sales.

"Oh very much, were you there, I didn't see you? However there was quite a crowd."

"Yes" Jenny said, her face colouring a little," It was a little later I saw you with the young man. Your agent perhaps? It was after Satan had served Lyda, I am afraid I saw you enter the stables."

It was Alicia turn to blush, and then thought 'What the heck' it was only the previous evening she had been remembering watching Mrs Alllardyce getting fucked and now it would appear that she too had been watched.

"You mean you saw...er, My ..er.. agent and I having a little tumble."

Then Jenny laughed." Not to put too fine a point on it Lady Alicia, after hearing your comments, never mind a 'little tumble' you were well and truly fucked. I must confess I was up in the loft and had a fine view, it was too much to ignore and if you. had both been quieter you may have heard me 'cum' too." 

"Oh dear me, I dont know what I would have done if I had known a voyeuse was in the stables." Alicia responded with a laugh to show that she bore no grudge after being watched.

"Jenny impudently added." Good job I was there too, Lady Alicia, if I hadn't been I reckong Rufus would have wanted to fuck you too."

"Rufus, you mean...you mean the dog, the Alsatian. Oh my God, How on easrth did you stop him. When I sw his dick I was sure |he wanted to fuck me."

"Yes, by the way, they call them German Shepherds these days I am sure he wanted to fuck you. he would have smelled your aroused state, if I hadnt had my dog whistle to call him I think he would have growled at your agent to keep him at bay and before you knew it he would have had his tongue in your pussy and you would then have been willing him to fuck you."

"Alicia looked at Jenny and smilingly shook her head. "You sound as if you have experience my dear."

Jenny smiled in turn, "I do, does the thought do anything for you?"

Alicia decided to be blunt, she liked this younger woman who seemed to be on a similar wavelength to herself.

"Jenny, first of all, just call me Alicia, I think anyone who has watched me being fucked should be allowed that." They both laughed at this sally." Secondly, I must admit that I could not get the sight of your dogs dick out of my mind. In fact I surfed the internet. I was very very careful, but I believbe I have found just the person to provide me with a dog."

A look of horror past across Jenny's face. "You have been in touch with someone on the net and they are going to provide a dog?" she asked incredulously.

"Well yes, she was extremely careful in what she said but eventually sahe telephoned me and made an appointment for later this week, in France."

"Hmm and I believe she telephoned you again cancelling the arrangment wanting to make another appointment with you. Further I will wagewr she said her name ifs Maddy"

A look of incredulity was on Alicia's face as she nodded her agreement. "Have I done something stupid. Am I in trouble?"

"No", Jenny replied," Is it this phone number she has?"

"No. my private number upstairs."

"Right, ring your telephone company now and tell them you have nuisance calls.Ask them to change your number immediately and make it unlisted."

"My husband, he is in America, how can I tell him.?"

"Oh he will just get 'number unobtainable, surely he would then ring you on the house 'phone. Next, This Maddy had your screen name. If she has already contacted you by e-mail you will have hers too. Block it out. Also e-mail all your friends who use that e-mail address and tell them you have a new address and then cancel the old one OK?"

"Jenny, What IS the matter who is this Maddy?"

"Someone who will go to any lengths to blackmail you. It is to do with her dogs, she manages to find where they are, learns the identity of the woman getting dog fucked and there you are."

Alicia went straight up to her room urging Jenny to follow her. Once there she rang the telephone company then started up her PC, worked out a new name. sent e-mails to her friends and then dropped her old number.

Turning to Jenny she asked her how she could ever thank her.

"Well, Alicia, I like to be fucked by men, I liked to be fucked by my dog, but I am not averse to a little female sex, are you?"

The two women were quickly in each others arms, Jenny's jodhpurs were followed by her sweater and check shirt, she wore nothing more other than a pair of crotchless panties. Alicia quickly dropped her skirt, threw off her blouse and bra' and posed in her thong.

A murmur of appreciation came from Jenny's throat as she dropped to her knees in front of Alicia.

"Ooh how delightful, I just love your thong, it covers absolutely nothing. You are shaved too."

"What did you expect darling. I may be old enough to be your mother but I dont wear thick woolen knickers."

"Old enough to be my mother" Jenny stated in surprise, You cant be I am 36 yrs old."

"Well dear, I am 52 so it is possible, ever wanted to fuck with your mother or is that to abhorrent to think about."

"Oh no, no, I had an affair with a teacher at Roedene and found out that she and mother had been at each other for years. Mother is well aware of my proclivities."

"You too" said Alicia as Jenny peeled down the thong, and immediately stuck her tongue between the labia which was extremely wet.

The "You too", seemed to sink in and pausing in her administartions of Alicia's clit asked if she too fucked with her daughter.

"No, not my daughter Jenny, I dont have one, but that was not my agent you saw fucking me yesterday, but my son, James."

"Ooh Gawd oh oh wow" was Jenny's immediate reaction and pushing Alicia back on her bed she quickly pushed her head between Alicia's legs, but Alicia too wanted more, she squirmed around until jenny's straddled her face then pulling the younger woman down started to lap at her clit.

Obviously the conversation and memories of the previous day had affected them both and very soon both women were in the throes of orgasm, jenny shouting out for Alicia to rub her clit hard and soon both on the bed kissing each other their faces soaked in their own juices and at the same time deftly fingering each others cunt.

THe time had quickly poassed and Alicia suggested that they both shower and perhaps Jenny could stay for dinner. Apparently that was no problem but jenny had to leave soon afterwards promising to return and possibly bring Rufus.

To Be Continued...