 Author's Note:

These scenes are from a full length novel I'm currently writing. Any feedback is welcome. I have shortened the scene to only include the steamier bits, and I may have missed editing out some things, so I apologize if there's extraneous details that seem out of place.

***

Evie came home from an evening at the theater to find Emily in her chamber. Wasting no time, Evie closed and locked the door, then crossed the room to kiss Emily's lips, "We are entirely too dressed, darling."

The two women stood, and Emily undressed Evie, then Evie turned to undress Emily. Evie guided Emily back on to the fainting couch and sat her down. She straddled Emily's lap, and the two continued kissing. Emily ran her hands along Evie's outer thighs, reaching around to grasp her plump bottom and pull her closer. 

They pulled apart, and Emily's hands and went straight for Evie's breasts. Evie threw her head back and moaned, while continuing to grind against Emily's lap. The friction between the two of them wasn't enough, though. Evie want so much more of Emily. 

Evie crawled her way down to the floor, her lips making their way down Emily's neck, down her chest, to the spot between her breasts. Evie kissed one, and then the other, and held them in her hands. She admired the way they fit her hands, like they were made just her size. She tongued the hardening nipples, then continued gently rolling them between her fingers. She continued kissing her way down. She took one hand from Emily's nipple and brought it to her own. Evie smiled up at Emily, and Emily smiled back as she leaned forward to kiss Evie. Emily reached out and teased Evie's other nipple.

"Lean back, and scoot forward, darling," Evie whispered. Emily cupped Evie's face for one more kiss, then obeyed with a smile. Evie smiled even bigger as she spread Emily's legs further apart. She gently ran her fingers through Emily's thatch and found the source of her wetness. She gently rubbed up and down the slit, feeling the wetness growing. Once her fingers were coated, she moved them to the top and rubbed Emily's sensitive button, circling around it.

"Oh, Evie, don't stop...This feels so good!"

"Of course not. In fact, I'm going to make sure it feels even better!" Evie declared. She continued massaging the sensitive nub, enjoying the feeling of it hardening, as well as the look of ecstasy on Emily's face. Evie moved her fingers down. "I want you so much. All of you. You are so beautiful, Emily."

"No! That felt so good!" Emily protested. 

"Just wait, my darling. I promise this will feel good, too. Patience," Evie winked, before sticking her fingers in her mouth. She savored the taste of Emily, then took her fingers out of her mouth and put them back to Emily's sex. Slowly, she teased, from the top of the slit down. She found Emily's entrance and slowly slid her index finger in. She heard Emily take in a sharp breath. 

"I will be gentle," Evie promised as she continued to enter Emily. She slowly moved in and out, feeling Emily relax, and then the wetness again began to build. Evie slowly increased her speed, then brought her other hand back to Emily button and circled it with her thumb. Emily started to moan, and leaned her head back. Her hands moved to her breasts, and she began roughly pinching her hard nipples. Seeing that, Evie then inserted both her index and middle fingers.

"Faster, Evie! Oh, it feels amazing! Don't stop!" Emily cried. Evie could feel her velvet sheath contracting around her digits. Despite the wetness below, she could feel it lessening above under her thumb. Not wanting to stop, Evie did the first thing that came to mind. She lowered her face to Emily's entrance, still keeping her hand moving. She used her tongue to gather Emily's juices, and slowly licked her way up the Emily's button. Evie was intoxicated by the taste. 

Instead of quickly replacing her thumb to its newly lubricated position, she kept her tongue there, and continued circling. Emily began to moan and writhe uncontrollably. Evie began to suck on Emily's bud, and felt like she could feel Emily bloom beneath her. 

"OOOHHH!! I am going to explode, Evie!" As soon as Emily cried those words, her body bucked and her sheath tightened. Her fingertips squeezed down on her nipples, to the point of pain. In her fervor, though, every sensation felt like pleasure. She felt a release from her core, then a feeling of warmth spread throughout her body, and she felt herself almost go limp. 

Throughout this, Evie had continued her ministrations, and the sensation of them came back in full force for Emily. Then, in the next instant, she felt the rush and contraction again. This time though, she reached down and touched Evie's head, then her arm dropped. "Wait," she whispered in a pleading tone. Evie paused and looked up to see Emily panting and limp. Worried, she removed her hand.

"Emily, are you all right? Did I hurt you? Oh, I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to!" Evie panicked, and looked around for something to aid Emily, but had no idea what could help.

"No, no. I just...need a minute," Emily said in sudden exhaustion. The warmth had passed, but numbness tingled in her legs. She closed her eyes and waited for the sensation to pass. After what seemed like a few moments, she opened her eyes. "Evie, that was incredible."

"Oh thank goodness! Emily, I thought I hurt you!"

Emily laughed. "Of course not, darling! It was absolutely incredible! I have never felt anything like it!"

Evie smiled and asked, "Really?"

Emily stood, and embraced Evie, giving her a kiss, "Absolutely. I have never felt anything better."

Evie wrapped her arms around Emily, "In that case, I can't wait to do it again!"

Emily giggled at her lover, then pulled away and went to the bed. She then lifted the covers for Evie to be able to climb in, and followed, wrapping herself around Evie. She kissed Evie's neck and ears, whispering, "It's your turn now, my love."

Evie turned to face Emily and kissed her deeply. Evie felt her bare legs swimming in the silken sheets. Emily moved her lips down Evie's neck, while her hands explored Evie's bosom, and then down to her ample backside. Evie rolled to her back and spread her legs as Emily slipped her hand to Evie's most intimate place. Her fingers traced the slit before spreading apart the lips. 

Evie reached for Emily's head, and kissed her while moaning and writhing under Emily's careful attentions. Emily brought her wet hand between their faces and licked her fingers before offering them to Evie. After Emily's fingers had been cleaned of the sticky sweetness, she ducked under the bed clothes and positioned herself between her lover's thighs. 

Emily kissed Evie's inner thighs, the sensitive crease, then inhaled the intoxicating scent. Gently, she explored in the darkness with her lips and tongue before finding the source of Evie's wetness. She ran her tongue up and down the slit, then settled her lips around Evie's button. She sucked on the pearl, alternating with circling her tongue around it. She pulled back and brought her fingers to that spot and used them to continue circling. 

All of a sudden, there was light and cool air on her. Evie had thrown off the bed coverings.

"Oh Emily. You were right. It feels so good!" Evie moaned even more. She was toying with her breasts, rolling her hard nipples between her fingers, while watching Emily. Emily brought her mouth back to that spot and licked Evie's pearl while looking up at her face. The two tried to maintain eye contact, but Emily's magical tongue caused Evie's back to arch, eyes to close, and as she felt her body contract, she pinched down hard on her nipples with one more gasping moan, "Oooooooooh! Emily! My love, come to me!"

Emily made her way back up and kissed Evie, sharing the taste of her sweet juices, while stroking her beautiful, pale breasts.