 When I travel on business I always take along my gym clothes to work off my frustration and business worries. This week I was in a quiet mid-western city not known for it's night life let alone for it's lesbian community. After my morning meeting and lunch with my client I felt that I could use a workout and maybe a sauna or massage. My agenda for this evening consisted of re-working a presentation that the client wanted me to make to senior management so I owed myself a couple of hours off. The concierge was able to give me directions to a ladies-only gym along with a free pass courtesy of the hotel. Off I went in a cab to find myself a short while later at the entrance to gym called Lady Fitness. From the outside it looked nice enough and the reception area was clean, well decorated and didn't smell like a locker room, A+ so far!

"Hi, welcome to Lady Fitness." a cute red-head chirped as I walked up to the desk. "I'm in town on business and the hotel gave me a pass." I replied. "I want to work out a bit then relax in the sauna or steam room if you have one."

"Sure, my name's Sara, and we have both dry and wet saunas, take your pick." Sara stated. "I'll use whichever is not busy, I really want to relax and unwind. I'm just not in the mood to have to keep a conversation running." Sara smiled brightly and said; "You don't have to worry about that, the lunch crowd has cleared out and you've got the place to yourself. I might close up and take a workout and sauna for myself but I promise I won't bother you." I did a quick double-take checking out Sara from hair that looked a natural shade down a trim but curvy body to the shower sandals that she wore. "That's ok, you won't bother me I'm sure" I spoke with my middling sexy voice that I reserve to troll for interest.

Sara smiled back at me, her eyes were twinkling as she handed me a luxuriously thick towel and let her hand linger on mine as I took it from her. "Take any locker through that door, the exercise area is on the right and the showers and saunas are down at the back of the floor."

Humming a little tune I walked through to the lockers and picked one on the main aisle. I'm quite the exhibitionist and have found that it can often lead to an invitation for fun. I stripped off my street clothes and pulled on my lycra bodysuit, lacing some Nikes up I completed my transformation into a fitness fanatic. The exercise area had all of the latest equipment and it hardly looked used, they must have replaced it recently or it's a new club I thought. I settled into my routine and moved effortlessly around the gym working out my natural work-induced stresses and building up a sweat that soaked my suit making it quite transparent. 

Mid-way through my circuit Sara came in saying; "I've locked up the front door for my lunch hour and there's no one else that's come in!" She came over to the piece I was using, you know the one that stretches your inner thigh muscles, and looked intently at me. "You work up quite a sweat Wendy." she observed looking at the lycra pasted to my breasts and crotch. My breasts were easily seen and my nipples started an involuntary rise under her gaze, my pussy tingled a little and looking down I realized my suit had crept into the folds clearly outlining my sex. "I find that the exercise releases all of my stress and inhibitions and really goes a long way to giving me the relaxation that I need."

"Well keep it up and don't forget to towel down the equipment after you use it." Sara said pointing to my soaked crotch and smiling a wicked little smile.

Another 20 minutes completed my workout and I packed it in, I stopped at my locker only long enough to strip off my soaked suit and carrying my towel I walked toward the showers and saunas. I decided I needed a quick shower to get the worst of the sweat off of me so I slipped under one of those multi-headed communal shower poles and began to rinse off. I quickly lathered myself from head to toe, paying particular attention to my breasts and pussy. In fact I found myself paying too much attention to my body and began the erotic climb to an orgasm. My fingers couldn't be controlled, they plucked, stroked and kneaded my full breasts then they boldly entered my pouting pussy lips to explore each fold, gently soaping the soft skin and urging them to open like the petals of a flower. 

Not to be left out my clit raised its head from its protective hood and proceeded to engorge to its full length of nearly an inch, and it demanded some attention. I quickly stroked it with one hand while the others fingers played at the entrance to my love tunnel, entering one at a time until my whole hand was engaged in stroking in and out of my pussy. Combined with my clit stroking I drove at top speed to a wrenching orgasm that had me gasping for breath and moaning quite loudly. As my peak passed I quickly regained my sense of composure and returned to rinse off the soap suds. I needed that quick one I thought as I turned off the water and turned around to grab my towel. You can imagine my surprise when I came face to face with Sara, who standing in the shower doorway, wrapped in her own towel, had obviously watched my sinful display of lust. "Thank you for the show Wendy!" she breathed in a voice that was nearly a croak. "My pleasure Sara, hope I didn't offend you though."

"Not at all, I enjoy women who aren't afraid to let their needs be satisfied. In fact I prefer women if the truth be known." Sara let this sentence sink in as she dropped her own towel and ducked under a shower head for a quick rinse.

"Which sauna is dry and which is wet Sara?" I asked as she joined me in the hallway. "The one on the left hot and dry while the one on the right is a little cooler but very steamy."

"I think I've had enough steam for now." I replied grabbing the handle on the left door. "Why don't you join me in here?" I asked Sara with a shy smile and bright smile. Not waiting for a second invitation she let loose with a smile that shone like a megawatt spotlight, "Ok." In we went and I quickly surveyed the room noticing the single pot light that shone on the far end of the upper bench, also noticing the cedar triangular 'pillows' that you could use to prop up your shoulders and head. I hopped up on the top bench and quickly claimed the lit area as my own. Sara also came up but sat herself in the shadows at the other end of the bench. Not wanting to loose the mood I dropped my towel on the lower bench and laid back letting my upper torso rise on the 'pillow' and leaving one of my legs to fall off onto the lower bench. This left me with my sex front and centre between Sara and I, my pussy was wide open and bathed in the pool of light that shone from my neck to my knees.

"I hope you don't mind if I release the rest of the tension in my body?" I said in a husky voice. From the shadows came a bright, breathy "Not at all Wendy, we all need to reduce the tension in our bodies whenever we can." I could barely make her out but I did see that she had shed her towel and was sitting facing me with one leg down and her hand resting gently on where her pussy must be. Taking this as approval and encouragement I began to slowly stroke all over my torso, my breasts, my tummy, my hips and my pussy. I ran both hands together and separately leaving no patch of skin or sensitive part untended. My nipples were the first to respond as they engorged with blood and became little rocks begging to be stroked, squeezed, pinched and licked. My 36C breasts are large enough that I can just get each nipple into my mouth without dislocating my neck. 

I sucked and bathed each pleasure centre making sure they got a thick coating of saliva. Then I stroked each one with increasing speed and was rewarded with that familiar tingling feeling in my pussy. I can come just from playing with my nipples and at that moment I was determined to give my pretty audience the best show that I could. My hips began their involuntary spasms, bucking and thrusting as a wonderful orgasm overtook me. "Ohh-hh-hh" I groaned at my peak. My pussy pulsed and squirted three large blasts of cum onto the cedar bench. It pooled there and without thinking I dipped both hands into it and sucked gently at each finger, enjoying the taste of my orgasm. "Wow Wendy, I haven't seen anyone come like that ever!" Sara said with an obvious catch in her throat. Peering through the shadows I could swear that she was masturbating now.

"I've always come like that and more than a few partners have commented that it's all they could do to swallow my cum and not waste any of it!" I stated, proud of my performance. "Just watch as I attack my pussy proper." With those words I began to gently tease the outer labia, stroking each up and down its full length until the blood flow into them caused them to fill and open like a flower. My inner lips are incredibly pink and at this moment were beginning to show signs of the flow of pre-cum, they gleamed in the spotlight that played on them. With a determined pattern in mind, and without much thinking on my part, my fingers plucked at each inner lip, stretching it out, smoothing its wrinkles from top to bottom. These lips also bloomed with touch leaving the entrance to my canal in plain view. While this was happening my little soldier began to wake up, pushing back his protective hood and rising proudly to attention. Now I may not be overly built up top but I have been told by all of my male and female partners that nobody has a clit bigger than mine. It is nearly an inch long when fully risen and half and inch in diameter. It responds well to stroking, just like a little penis, as well as to sucking and licking around its circumference. At present with no mouth available I had to settle for wetting my fingers in the juice beginning to drip from my pussy before stroking it and teasing it.

"Sara, I don't think that I can keep this up much longer, do I have your permission to come?" I pleaded in my most subservient little slave girl voice. This is normally guaranteed to get a reaction from my partner and today wasn't any different. Sara zoomed out of the darkness, leaning over so her face was at the level of my freely flowing pussy. She licked her lips, involuntarily I'm sure, and said in a forceful voice; "Yes Wendy, you can come now. Come for me you little slut!" I respond to commands just like Pavlov's dogs responded to the bell, I began to groan, moaning my pleasure and pistoning my sex toward my fingers (and toward Sara's face). 

"I can't take it mistress." I moaned, "I'm going to come...unh...unh..aah...AAH" I screamed to my orgasm. I was so turned on that I came and came, spraying my cum onto the bench and onto Sara's surprised but welcoming face. She quickly recovered her senses and licked my juice from her lips and chin. I caught a longing look at my clit and pussy but she had the good sense to realize that I needed to recover my senses and recharge for a little while before she might be able to enjoy my charms.

Sara sat up and proceeded to finger her own clit and pussy, she was so worked up that it took less than a minute before she climaxed with a whimper and sucked her own fingers clean. "Thank you Wendy." she whispered. "You were fabulous and I really enjoyed both of our orgasms!"

"Well." I responded "I'm in town for the rest of the week and can make sure I leave the afternoons free if you'd like to do more than watch me?"

"Oh, that would be wonderful, I work every day this week and I can guarantee you that we'll have the place to ourselves!" Sara spoke, her face glowing with her orgasm and still wet with my juice. I leaned into her and gently, languidly kissed her lips. "You've got a date my sweet darling, I'll see you tomorrow at the same time."

(Stay tuned for episode two of the Lady Fitness series. But first let's all go and stroke ourselves!) Love Wendy. 