 Dear readers, I was the original author of the 3 Lady Fitness chapters but have been otherwise occupied for quite a while. I recently decided that I needed to continue documenting my sexual escapades and not remembering the password to my previous account I was forced to create a new one. Please enjoy the continuing adventures of Wendy, my sexual identity, as she experiences the best and worst of lesbian and bi-sexual life.

*

As I told Mark I had plans for the next afternoon with Mandy and Sara. When I returned to the hotel I called Mandy and told her to keep her schedule clear for the next afternoon. I felt that I had had enough excitement for one day, with the successful presentation to the Board at Mark's company, with our lunch activities so I resolved to spend a quite relaxing evening by myself. I rang room service and ordered a bottle of South African Shiraz, a platter of pate and cheese and a baguette and butter. That should keep me satisfied I thought as I went into the bathroom to draw a hot bath in the oversize soaking tub.

I always ask for hotel rooms on the top floor, even though they are usually the most expensive, my company gladly pays as I am their top account rep and generate 1/3 of their annual sales volume by myself. I like being able to look around the city I'm in and am always looking for interesting ways to entertain myself. Today I noticed that while I was on the top floor of this large hotel there was an office building across the block that was a little taller. Hmmm I thought, there might be some possibilities here and drew back the curtains in the bathroom so it was in full view of the tower facing.

Room service appeared shortly and brought in my wine, cheese etc. I tipped the rather handsome young man who delivered my treats and locked the door as he left. I poured a large glass of the smooth Shiraz, popped some cheese into my mouth and cut several slices of French bread. On the bread I thickly spread the nice cognac pate and placed the prepared slices on a plate I could carry into the bathroom. I arranged the wine, food and some candles that I always carry with me, around the edge of this oversized soaking tub. I lit the candles and turned off the bathroom light to create a sensuous feeling. Standing in my haven I dropped my bathrobe to reveal my sexy, firm body to anyone in the tower opposite who might be watching.

I stepped into the tub and slowly sat back letting the lavender scented waters envelop me with their warmth. Reaching for my glass of Shiraz I drank deeply letting the taste and perfume of the wine envelop my senses. Ummm, this is a very nice wine, I thought to myself as it quenched one thirst it was opening the doors to another. I'm afraid that I always get a little horny when I drink and after my wonderful lunchtime treat I could still say that I was ready for more action. I decided that tonight would be a masturbation fantasy only, but one that I would share with any audience I might have. 

Placing my wine on the marble surround I picked one of the pieces of French bread and pate and nibbled hungrily on it. While I don't like liver I really enjoy a nice smooth cognac pate. I've got to hand it to the French they have invented some of the finer things in life to enjoy, wine and a baguette with pate is certainly one of them. Add to that a little of the aged cheddar or some of that brie that I had sent up and it amounts to a filling and enjoyable meal. If I was going to put on a performance, I advised my inner self, then I had better make sure my hunger pangs were satisfied so I could concentrate on my horny urges.

I also thought that I needed to give the tenants in the office tower opposite some time to actually notice that there was a naked woman in a soaking tub who had left her bathroom curtains open -- thereby inviting them to watch.

I added a little more hot water then sank back to begin to satisfy my urges. I ran my hands over my well developed, all natural, breasts. Plucking at my nipples I urged them to harden and stand at attention. You will know from my previous exploits that my pussy is hot-wired to my nipples and that I am quite capable of cumming from simply playing or having my nipples played with. I concentrated on my right breast with both hands, milking it with my hands then letting my fingers tease the dark aureoles and nipples until they became hyper-excited. So that it wouldn't feel left out I also spent time on my left breast and ended with one hand stroking each nipple. My nipples, like my clitoris can climb to nearly a half inch when fully excited and that's where I was at the moment. 

My vagina responded to the attention I was giving myself by lubricating itself in preparation for a climax. I felt all of this activity on a sub-conscious level and it contributed to my heightened state of arousal. My breathing became short pants and I was sub-consciously moving my pussy as if it had something nice and hard planted in it. Water was splashing over the edge of the tub and I grunted my satisfaction as my body rushed to the peak of its orgasm. "Unghhhh, ummmmm, cummming!" I babbled and flew to a mind-numbing crescendo of sexual release.

When I had recovered I quickly polished off the remnants of my wine. Pouring another full glass I finished the baguette, pate and cheese in an orgy of eating that would allow me to focus on my self-gratification for the coming hour (or is that cumming hour?).

I turned to look out of the window, it was now nearly full dark, to see if I had any watchers across the divide to the tower opposite. I was able to see a few windows that had occupants that I suppose had been watching. One contained several well-suited males who probably had gathered from neighbouring offices to watch the show. Another had a single male, an executive judging from the size of the office, who sat looking in my direction and seemed to be stroking his cock. I also saw that I had a woman, alone in a fair size office (middle executive maybe?) who was watching and who, I saw with growing enjoyment, was raising a pair of binoculars to her eyes. I guess my last watcher was at least bi, if not lesbian, and was used to taking advantage of her location to enjoy the view. Well if that was the case then I resolved to put on a show for her and to see if I could get her more involved.

Stepping out of the tub I grabbed a towel and ran into the bedroom for a piece of paper and my lipstick. On the paper in letters only someone with binos could read I scribbled 2615 (my room number) and took it back into the bathroom with me. I folded the paper so it stood on the edge of the tub and looked at the watchers across. It was easy to see that only my female voyeur had binos as she quickly stood and waved at me while reaching for her phone. 

"Ring, ringgg" the phone next to my tub jangled. I reached for it knowing full well that I was about to make contact with my lady across the way. "Hello" I spoke, "This is Wendy, who are you?" I asked turning to the window and dropping my towel. "I'm Marie and I love the show you're putting on!" came the breathless reply. "That's nice Marie, would you like to see more of it?" I asked innocently and in my best little girl's voice. (almost always guaranteeing to get any dominant personality going) "Why sure my little slut, that's why I'm calling." Marie responded in a voice that had become more dominant and demanding. "There are a few others watching, including the man in the big corner office." I told Marie. "That's our President and he's definitely a horn dog and always looking for a free peak, who else?" Marie responded. "Well there's a group of 4 or 5 guys in the office on the floor immediately below yours." I told her. "Hmmm, right below my office?" "Yes" I responded. "Well that would be some of the marketing guys, they're all horny assholes anyways." Marie confided to me.

"What should I do mistress? Should I perform for all of them or just for you?" I asked in my 'I'm a sex slave for you' voice. "Well you do what I want and I'm sure you'll give some of the guys what they want to see. I don't think any of the marketing guys will jerk off watching you but I'm sure the president will. Let's start by having you sit on the edge of the tub and shave your pussy." my new mistress commanded.

I put the phone on speaker so we could each hear the other, and I guess she did the same as I saw her put the phone down and quickly take off her skirt and blouse. As she did that I was able to see that she wore no panties and had on a bra with a front hook that she deftly snapped open. Sitting back down on her chair she began to stroke herself while watching me. Occasionally she would bring her binos to her eyes to get a close up of the action. I walked to the vanity to get my shave cream and razor and returned to step into the bath and sit on the edge facing the window. I wet my pussy and applied a generous coating of shave gel to both lips and the pubic bone above them.

I shave frequently and am always turned on while I do it, tonight was no different. Quickly I removed all hair from my pubic bone then began to focus on my pussy lips. By stroking them briefly I was able to get them to bloom as they engorged with blood and my little soldier raised his head to poke defiantly from under its protective hood. I briefly stroked my clit, almost like a man strokes his cock, I used three fingers and my thumb to massage this button of love. It responded by growing to its full height and swelling to a nearly painful firmness.

If I didn't leave it I'd cum shortly so I left him on guard while I moved to one of my pussy lips. I carefully moved the razor from thigh to vagina, taking all of the hair with each stroke. Moving to the other lip I was hairless in no time. I noticed that the president in the corner office was no longer sitting and stroking his cock but standing with his pants at his ankles and practically ripping his rigid tool from his body with a grip that was sure to be leading to an orgasm.

"Your president looks like he's about to cum" I told my mistress. "He's standing and if he pulls any harder on that cock of his he'll rip it off." I continued. "Wait, wait I think he's cumming." I breathed in my little girls voice. Looking over at his suite I could tell by his hip movements that he was indeed ejaculating semen all over the plate glass window of his office. I was impressed as he continued to shoot semen on the glass, it ran down in thick white rivelets. "Wow, he sure cums a lot mistress." I whispered as he finally seemed to be at the end of a huge orgasm. "God, he's taking his cock and collecting it, and now he's got it on his fingers and is licking it off! Is he bisexual?" I asked my mistress. "Hmmm, I don't know my little slut. I've had the privilege of getting fucked and of sucking that generous cock, but I haven't heard of him getting it on with guys before. I'll have to check into that as it could ensure my next promotion -- he's married my little slut." she responded.

"What would you like me to do now mistress?" I inquired. "Please wash off the shave gel and masturbate for me while I watch through the binos slut." I removed the remnants of the shave gel with a gentle stream of warm water then I opened my legs wide to give all of my audience a good view. The first thing I did was to insert my index finger into my vagina and curling it up and in was able to massage my g-spot. Doing this made my pussy instantly wet and started the process that would lead to my next orgasm. My index finger was soon joined by first one, then two, then all of its remaining mates for a fist-fucking of the first magnitude. I'm able to slip my whole fist into my vagina and have it close on my wrist just like a tight fitting cuff on my favourite sweater.

I can get off on fisting but tonight I simply wanted to get my juices flowing so that they began to drip out of my pussy for the pleasure of my mistress. Stopping nearly as quick as I started I removed my hand and licked each digit clean of my cum, just like a cat cleaning itself. God I love the taste of cum, men's women's it didn't matter, it just tasted great, even my own was like the nectar of the god's. Now I had my cum flowing freely out of my pussy I was able to use my fingers and apply it liberally to my flowering lips as well to my hard little soldier. He was still standing guard at the top of my slit and demanding attention.

Well my little friend, you're going to get all of the attention you can handle, I thought to myself as I began to stroke my wet lips. Taking each lip in turn I rubbed it from my asshole to my clit, spreading my cum around and helping engorge my pussy lips. "God this feels good!" I breathed for my mistress. "Yes it looks good from here slut, keep going I want to see you cum for me." she commanded. The cum was flowing out of my slippery hole and I use it on my forefingers and thumb to lubricate my clit. I stroked it up and down just like I jerk a mans cock, keeping firm pressure on all sides my arousal level went through the roof. "Ummm, that feels nice mistress, my clit is so hard and so sensitive. May I cum?" I asked in my subservient little slave girls voice. "Yes, came the strangled reply, cum for me slut"

I began to pant and thrust my crotch at my waiting fingers, hoping for more friction on my hard little clit. " Unngh, unngh I'm cummming, cummmming!" I literally screamed as I swiftly rose to the peak of my orgasm. As I came I squirted my juice onto my other hand that had been waiting patiently for the moment. I continued to wail and thrust through a huge orgasm, flooding my hand with my juice. As I began to cum down I took my left hand, full of girl cum, and brought it to my face letting it drip on my nose and cheeks, then licked it clean. "Ahhhh, ahhh, I'm cumming!" my mistress wailed through the phone connection.

In the couple of minutes it took us each to calm down I was able to see the marketing guys going wild across the way. They believed that this show was for their entertainment alone, little did they know. I wanted to see if I could get my lady watcher involved so I asked, again in my little slave girl voice, "Would my mistress like to see this up close and have me service her needs?" "What did you have in mind slave?" came the reply. 

I told her that I had a 3 way with two other women set up for tomorrow afternoon at Lady Fitness and said that if she could join us I could promise that she would be more satisfied than she had ever been. She agreed and told me she'd see me there at 2pm tomorrow. As we hung up I stood up and waived, at the horny marketing guys and my potential lover. Then I closed the drapes and went to the shower for a soothing clean up.

There's more to cum at Lady Fitness in Chapter 5.