 My name is Arriana. I'm a sophmore at a large university, studying psych and art history. Fortunately for me, I am good at math. People say math never will help you later in life, but I have proof that it will--at least it did for me!

My friend Vicki needed help with her algebra, and being a nice person I did so. She wound up getting an A on her test. She wrote me an email saying how happy she was, and then added, somewhat mysteriously, that she would give me a reward within a few days. My heart started to pound a little. There was something about Vicki--her long black hair and perfect body--that excited me. I wondered, barely able to concentrate in class, what this "reward" would be...

It wasn't until I came home late to my dorm room Saturday night that I found out what it would be. I was a little drunk and horny, nothing unusual in that. But when I turned on the light in my small room I had the shock of my life. There was a young blonde girl in the middle of the room. She wore nothing but a white bra and panties, and, more shocking still, her mouth was gagged and her arms were tied behind her back.

She was on her knees, sitting on her calves. Lost in wonder and shock, I stared at her for a long moment. I realized that I recognized the girl. She was the jogger! Every morning almost I saw her jogging north of campus on the bike trails, her blonde hair in a pony tail, and her perfect long legs bare and B-cup size breasts jiggling. And now here she was staring at me, breathing around the ball gag in her mouth, blinking tears from her intense blue eyes, visibly shaking...

I couldn't believe it.

Then I laughed a little. Catching my breath, I sat down on the end of my bed. Vicki knew me well. After sex with her I had confessed a fantasy to her, about having a girl all to my own, someone like the beautiful young blonde I saw every morning. But how Vicki had managed this I couldn't fathom.

My questions started to recede as my horniness took over. I had had sex with a girl only once--with Vicki--but I was always curious for wanting more. There was a post-it note affixed to the girl's hair that I had not noticed at first. I stepped forward (the girl flinching, breathing hard on her gag), and took the note out of her hair.

The note said: "Her name is Jenny. Enjoy. Vicki xxoo."

Heart thrilling, my hands shaking a little, I put the note on my desk and turned again to my captive. Not wanting to prolong the suspense, I reached down and pulled out the girl's gag. She took in a sharp breath of air, saliva running off her chin.

"Thank you," she gasped.

"You're welcome, Jenny," I said.

"Can you undo my arms, please?"

She looked at me with pleading eyes. There was a cute brown mole under her left eye. She blinked and smiled nervously as I sat on the edge of my bed.

"Not yet, Jenny," I said.

Heart pounding, I unzipped my skirt. Jenny's eyes got wide. She started to shake her head as I pushed down my panties and revealed my hairy pussy.

"No, please," she said. "I'll do anything else..."

"Sorry," I said.

I pulled her over and grabbed her by her long hair. She let out a cry of pain.

"Please...!"

"Lick my pussy, Jenny," I ordered.

"Mmph!"

Her cute face bumped into my mons. Then held there, realizing she had no other choice, she opened her soft lips and brought out her tongue. It made contact with my pussy. I groaned.

"Mm, that's right, Jenny. Lick it."

"Oh God..." she breathed.

She moved her tongue up and down. I pressed her face in close. Again she struggled to breathe. Her face came up momentarily to get a breath, strings of saliva and cum stretching from her lips. Her eyes, with the brown mole, looked up at my pleadingly as she sucked noisily on my pussy folds.

"Lick higher. That's it. That's good."

She licked harder, swirling her tongue around my clit, lowering her eyes and licking my wet pussy in earnest. It felt very good. I moved my hips and ran my fingers through her blonde hair. It was hot to see this young cute girl sucking away on my pussy. I groaned. While it usually took a long time for me to cum, I felt myself getting very close...

"Oh God, yes. That's it! Mmmm..."

Ten minutes later, Jenny still licking away on my pussy, her hands behind her back, I suddenly became aware of someone standing in the room with us. Startled, I saw in the shadow my suitemate, Felicia, a young black girl with braces. She gasped and ducked away. I did nothing, too lost in my sensations to worry about it at the moment, or what the consequences would be. Felicia showed up again, a minute or so later, obviously unable to keep away. She started to shamelessly masturbate in front of us, her hand in her sweat pants and groaning as she watching Jenny eat pussy.

This was enough for me. I came hard, spasm after spasm erupting, my pussy bucking in Jenny's face. She groaned, licking up all my cum.

We all caught our breath. Finally, I told Felicia to come in. Jenny started, not realizing someone else had been watching. Felicia, eyes heavy with lust, came slowly into the room.

"What," she said.

"Sit here," I told her. "And spread your legs..."

Felicia pushed down her sweat pants, revealing a shaven black pussy. Jenny watched wide-eyed.

"No, please," she said. "I did you. Can I go...?"

I shook my head. "We aren't through with you yet," I said.

I took off Jenny's bra and twisted her bright red nipples. Then I pushed her face down between Felicia's legs.

"Eat her pussy, slut," I said.

"Mmmph!"

Felicia moaned as Jenny started to lick her pussy. It made me very hot to watch Felicia, this shy girl with braces writhe under the tongue of Jenny. Her bald pussy was soon covered in Jenny's saliva... I decided to give Vicki a call right then. This evening just kept getting better and better...