 “I’m sorry Linda, but you are just going to have to work late tonight.”

“Can’t you get Peter or Michael to cover for you?”

“Like I said, I’m sorry Linda, but I’m choosing you. Now, here are the keys, lock up when you’re finished.”

Linda stared at her boss, April as she left the office. Linda was April’s secretary for a major film production company. She had been working there for six years. It seemed more like a century to Linda. April was definitely the type that when an opportunity arose, she would grab it by the balls! In return, Linda had to stay and work late at the office most nights. Linda was always tired, and stressed out. She felt like an old lady instead of a thirty one year old woman. She looked ten years younger though. She was absolutely stunning. She had medium length blond hair with beautiful blue eyes. She was only a couple inches short of six foot. She had a pair of perfectly tanned legs and c cup breasts, which held no sag.

Around 10:30, Linda arrived at her middle class home. She was absolutely exhausted! Who does April think she is anyways, Linda thought to herself. Sticking me with all that boring paperwork, she isn’t the queen of me. Hell, I stay at the office so much; I hardly ever have time to see my own husband. The one and only person I ever see is the queen herself.

Linda unlocked the front door, and stopped just beyond the doorway. There were candles everywhere including up the stairs. Linda walked upstairs and followed the candles to the bedroom. There was soft music playing from the stereo by the bed. As Linda stepped into the bedroom, Linda’s husband came from behind and wrapped his arms around his beautiful wife. He lightly nibbled her right ear and then whispered, “Happy anniversary.” Linda had completely forgotten it was their anniversary! Damn work, and damn April for making me forget the best day of the year! Linda thought. Linda turned and faced her husband and said, “Oh Max, baby you remembered. This is absolutely marvelous.”

“Just like you my darling wife.”

With that said, Max picked Linda up and carried her to the bed and laid her down. They started lightly kissing and caressing each other’s faces, but as their kissing got hotter so did their touching. Max fondled Linda’s breasts through her shirt. Linda was still thoroughly exhausted from work, but she had to fuck Max, it was their anniversary. Max broke the kiss, and removed his shirt. Then he unbuttoned Linda’s blouse and removed it from her skin. The cold air hit, and Linda felt her nipples go hard. “Let’s free these shall we?” Max then unhooked her bra and let her beautiful breasts bust free. He lowered his mouth to her right breast and began to suck her nipple. Instantly a moan escaped from Linda’s mouth. With that bit of encouragement, Max began to suck harder and with his free hand pinched and twisted her left nipple.

“Oh god, Max that feels so good!”

It had been awhile since Max and Linda had done anything sexual. Max kissed and licked down Linda’s stomach until he reached the top of her skirt. He removed it, so Linda was left in her thong.

“You won’t need this either,” he said as he pulled her thong down her legs and threw it on the floor. 

Linda undid his pants and pulled his hardening cock out. She began to softly jerk him off. This time it was Max who started moaning. Linda got on her knees and took his pulsating organ into her mouth. She licked the head of his cock, and used her right hand to gently fondle his balls. She started to pack more of his meat into her mouth. Max rested his hand on the back of her head and pushed her head further down his cock. Linda knew he was about to cum because his balls were tightening, so she got ready. She picked up her pace and Max started groaning loudly. Max erupted in Linda’s mouth. Linda hated this part, so she just quickly swallowed all of his seed. Max laid his wife back down on the bed, and began to finger her clit. Linda knew she couldn’t hold on much longer. After some time had passed with him playing with her clit she screamed, “Max fuck me.” Max stuck his eight inch cock into Linda’s snatch and began fucking her hard. Linda’s orgasm was rocketing towards her. “I’m cumin Max!” her orgasm hit her so hard she passed out.

Linda awoke ten minutes later. Max was nibbling her clit again. She also noticed he was hard once again. She smiled at him and said, “I’m sorry honey but I’m exhausted, would you mind going to the bathroom to finish up?”

Max stared at her for a minute and then said. “Linda it’s our five year anniversary and you still make me hard, one more orgasm for both of us won’t hurt us.”

He went back to nibbling her clit, and Linda lied back and tried to relax. Max stuck his fingers deep inside her and started pumping back and forth. All of a sudden, April flashed through Linda’s mind. April’s long brown hair that stopped just below mid back. Her sexy blue eyes. Even though April had to dress conservatively since she was the boss, Linda had noticed that her boss’s breasts were huge. Linda began to fantasize about those big breasts. She thought about how they would feel in her hands. How much she wanted to suck those big nipples. Linda was getting hot thinking about sucking her boss’s nipples, and being able to wrap her hands around those two huge melons. Max removed his fingers from Linda’s pussy and replaced it with his cock. He started fucking her, but all Linda thought about was April. Linda started fantasizing about April’s pussy. How she would love to lick up and down April’s swollen lips and eventually lick her clit. With that thought, Linda was near orgasm. As she thought about tongue fucking her boss, she was somewhat aware of what Max was doing so she yelled, “Harder!” Max picked up the pace. Linda kept shouting for him to fuck her harder, but Max was going as fast as he could, and he soon came. After he came, Linda came. She had never cum so hard in her life.

When Max was asleep, Linda lied in bed thinking about her last cum. She thought to herself, “I can’t believe I came so hard and it was because I thought about April.” Linda was confused because she had never had thoughts about a woman before.

The next couple of days at work were hell. Linda had a hard time avoiding April. Around lunchtime on the third day, April sent a message to Linda. It read: “I need to talk to you. Stop by at the end of the day.” Linda was excited and terrified at the same time. She was going to have to look into those beautiful blue eyes. Linda felt her thong getting damp, so she hurriedly walked into the ladies’ room. I can’t believe I’m doing this, she thought. Luckily, there was no one else in the restroom. She sat the toilet seat down, and sat on top of it. She hiked her skirt up and began fingering herself. As she came, she softly repeated the name, “April.”

As Linda shut her computer down, she noticed her palms were sweaty. It was the end of the day, which meant she had to go see April. “Calm down,” she told herself. As she stood outside the door, she took a deep breath and knocked twice.

“Come in,” a sexy voice replied. Linda opened the door and stepped inside.

“Linda it is so nice to see you again! Please have a seat. I haven’t seen you for a few days, are you okay?”

Linda sat on the leather couch that was placed directly in front of April’s desk.

“I’m doing fine, how are you?” Linda replied.

“Well I’m glad you asked. See I have a major problem. Believe it or not, it is hell being the boss of this company. I am constantly busy signing people, going places, this and that, I can’t even remember the last time I had a chance to unwind.”

Linda had never thought about all the hours April worked. All the overtime Linda worked, April did twice as much.

“So what do you want from me?” Linda asked.

“As you know I’m too busy to balance any type of relationship with some guy, and as I just explained I’ve been super busy…”

“So,” Linda pressed.

“So, I would really like for us to get together.”

Linda almost fainted. Her mind started to spin out of control.

“What do you mean get together, you mean dinner after work some evening?”

“I was thinking more like I climb on top of you and fuck your brains out kind of get together.”

Linda’s face turned red, and her mouth dropped wide open.

“What makes you think I would want to have sex with you?” Linda stuttered.

April stood up and seductively walked over to Linda and pulled her close until their lips were almost touching.

“Because baby, shortly after I had the message sent to you today, I left my office to go to the bathroom. As I opened the door, I heard moaning coming form the only non vacant stall. I went ahead into the bathroom to see if I could make out whom it was, and I realized it was you. I couldn’t decide whether to stay and listen or leave, but then I heard you whisper my name as you came.”

Linda couldn’t breathe. Her boss had not only caught her masturbating in the restroom, but also knew she had the hots for her. April knew how Linda was feeling, so she leaned into her and kissed her. When she pulled away, she looked Linda straight in the eyes and softly whispered, “I have always wondered how your lips felt and tasted.” Linda just stared at April. April continued, “I also have secretly wondered how your pussy tastes.”

Linda’s clit caught on fire after hearing this confession from April. Linda pulled April in for more hot and heavy kissing. She pulled April over to the desk. Linda pushed all the papers off, and sat on top of the desk.

“Damn Linda you’re so sexy when you take charge, but it’s my turn.”

April climbed on top of Linda. She lied completely on top of Linda until their breasts were smashed together. April was wearing a business suit. She took off her pants, so she was in her G string. Linda lied there literally drooling. April pulled that off and started rubbing her pussy up and down Linda’s thigh. Linda closed her eyes and said, “Fuck yourself until you cum on my thigh.”

That was all April needed she picked up the pace. She was feverishly humping Linda’s thigh. April knew she might not be able to cum, because she hadn’t done anything sexual for months thanks to work and a high level of stress. Linda sensed her dilemma and started encouraging her.

“Come on baby, cum on me. I want your juices running down my thigh.”

April yelled she was cumin. Within seconds, April let out a powerful orgasmic scream. Her pussy juices were running down Linda’s thigh just like Linda wanted.

“Good job baby, now don’t you feel better?”

April answered that question by deeply kissing Linda. She stuck her tongue down Linda’s throat. While kissing her, April removed Linda’s shirt and bra. She cupped Linda’s breasts in her hands while still kissing her. She rolled her nipples through her fingers until they were sharp enough to cut glass. Then she started pulling and twisting them. Linda started moaning into April’s mouth. April moved her tongue down Linda’s neck and stopped at her left nipple. She flicked her tongue across Linda’s nipple. A shutter passed through Linda’s entire body. April wrapped her lips around Linda’s nipple and greedily sucked on it. She then moved to the right nipple and proceeded to do the exact same thing. Linda had an orgasm from all the nipple sucking. Not an earth shattering orgasm, but an orgasm nonetheless. 

Linda looked up at April and a wicked smile spread across her lips.

“My turn.”

She rolled April over so she was on top of April. Linda removed April’s jacket, so she was in a white blouse. Linda was so excited! After all this time fantasizing about her boss’s breasts, she was finally going to get to see, touch, and taste them. She removed the blouse, so April was left in her bra. Linda couldn’t wait much longer and April was getting hot from looking at the expression on Linda’s face.

“Do it.”

Linda unhooked her bra, and April’s breasts popped out.

“They are huge!”

“They’re size D.”

“Oh they are more marvelous than I could have ever imagined.”

Linda began fondling these two gorgeous melons. Instantly, April began moaning. 

“It’s been so long since anyone’s touched them. Oh don’t ever stop, that feels so good!”

For the next few minutes, Linda cupped and fondled April’s breasts, but then she stopped. She couldn’t wait to get one of those nipples into her mouth. She softly bit each nipple. April went, “Oh god!” That was all the encouragement Linda needed. She started biting a little harder, then licked and sucked each one. She licked and sucked on those nipples for almost fifteen minutes. She finally had those beautiful pink nipples in her mouth; she wasn’t about to let them go.

All of a sudden an idea flashed through her mind. While sucking April’s nipple, she moved her hand to her pussy and brushed her hand across it. April’s body jerked. Linda knew her boss’s pussy needed a great deal of attention. Linda removed her skirt and thong. Now both women were completely naked. Linda once again lied on top of April, but so this time they were pussy to pussy. They started grinding into each other. They continued kissing and moaning into each other. The both came at the same time. They got up and moved to the leather couch where it was more comfortable.

Linda decided this was the perfect time to eat out her boss. Linda kissed and nibbled on April’s nipples to get her hot again. Then she circled April’s navel with her tongue. Finally she was at April’s pussy. She licked up and down the lips, and then parted them with her fingers. She found April’s love button. She quickly licked her clit. 

“Oh god Linda, do that again!”

Linda was so excited. She continued licking April’s clit, and then stuck two fingers inside April, and started pumping in and out.

“Oh go faster!”

Linda stuck one more finger inside and continued sucking on April’s clit.

“Damn Linda you’re a pro at this. I am so luck to have such a beautiful face in my snatch!”

After hearing this compliment, Linda removed her fingers.

“Oh come on, finger fuck me, come on!”

April was so hot; she was humping trying to find Linda’s fingers. Linda smiled and stuck her tongue deep into April. April’s body completely jerked.

“Oh fuck me harder baby!”

Linda picked up the pace. April soon came fast and hard. Linda had a hard time catching all of April’s sweet juices.

After a moment’s rest, April scooted down the couch, so she was still on the bottom, but her face was in front of Linda’s dripping cunt.

She began licking Linda’s clit. Linda started pushing her pussy down further into April’s face. Both women were in paradise. April soon began to tongue fuck Linda, but she also had something special in store for Linda. April took her hands and squeezed Linda’s ass cheeks. She took her index finger and petted around Linda’s tight hole. She then stuck two fingers in her forbidden hole and began pumping in and out.

“Oh shit I’m cumin! Fuck, fuck me harder.”

Linda humped April’s face faster.

“Fuck!”

Linda came harder than ever before in her life! Even harder than when she had fantasized about April. She almost went unconscious. Both women fell asleep together in each other’s arms on the couch. They awoke at two in the morning.

After some heavy kissing Linda said, “I got to get home to my husband.”

“What are you going to say to him?”

“I’m going to tell him the truth.”

April stared into her lover’s eyes. She was trying hard not to cry, but a tear appeared anyway.

“Baby, what’s the matter?” Linda asked.

“I have never been fucked so good before. I really love you and it hurts knowing I can’t have you. Max doesn’t know how luck he is.”

Linda kissed April deeply and said; “I’ll see you in a few hours for work.”

“Take the day off, you’ve earned it.”

“Really?” Linda asked.

“Yes, really.”

“Thanks, I’ll see you tomorrow then.”

That night, Max wanted to have sex. He removed Linda’s shirt and bra.

“I have something I want to tell you Max.”

“Can’t it wait until we are done?” Max asked and took a nipple into his mouth.

Linda pushed him away. 

“No we need to talk right now.”

Max got up and sat next to his beautiful wife. 

“What?”

“Well, you know how this morning I said I had car trouble and that’s why I was late?”

“Yes.”

“It was a lie, I was really at work with my boss April.”

“That bitch!” Max said. “She forced you to work that late? You work so hard and all the time she is asking way too much of you.”

“Well see I wasn’t exactly working.”

Max looked at Linda.

“April and I were fucking.”

Max stared wide eyed at her.

“Are you kidding me?”

“No I’m not.”

“Did you like it?”

“Yes! Very much.”

Thinking about it was making Linda hot. Max noticed and said, “You’re hot aren’t you?”

“Extremely.”

“Let’s see what I can do,” was all Max said.

The next day was Friday. At work during the lunch hour, Linda went to see April. She knocked on the door.

“Go away!”

Linda opened the door anyway. 

“April are you okay?”

“Oh Linda hi, I’m so sorry I thought you were Peter. He keeps bugging me.”

“What does he want?”

“Me!”

“Can’t say I blame him.”

April smiled. “Thanks baby. Should I go out with him?”

“I don’t know, do you want to fuck him?”

“I’m not sure, all I know for sure is I want you.”

Linda smiled. “Have you had lunch yet?”

“No, it’s okay though I’m way too busy, I just don’t have the time.”

“Sure you do, Linda undid her pants and pulled them off and stood there in a black thong.

“Don’t tempt me Linda. You know I would love to eat you out, but that isn’t fair to Max.

“Really? Why is that?”

“Because Linda to me that is cheating, and I think that is wrong.”

“Well what if I broke it off with Max?”

“Then I would fuck you like an animal in heat, and never let you go.”

Linda went up to April and pulled her head to her pussy.

“Take off the thong and eat me!”

April started to protest, but Linda shoved her face into the damp spot. After two orgasms and three for April, they started to get dressed.

“Are you divorcing Max?” April asked.

“Yep, I had a talk with him last night. He wanted a threesome; I told him I wanted a divorce. He’s pissed, but I don’t care because all I want is you.”

April began tearing again. Linda came over to her and kissed her tears away.

“I love you April. Your beautiful face, sweet pussy, and huge tits. I can’t live without you.”

“Oh Linda I can’t believe this is happening.”

“Well,” Linda smiled wickedly; “Lunch is over but maybe on more “snack” will make you believe!”