 "Oh April it is absolutely gorgeous!"

Linda held up the diamond bracelet that she had just received from April. Linda and April were celebrating their one year anniversary. It's hard to believe its been a year since that night in April's office. Linda gave April some sexy lingerie. She had one more gift for April, but she needed to discuss it with April first.

"You trust me one hundred percent right April?"

"Sure I do baby, you know that."

She gave Linda a reassuring smile. 

"Why do you ask?"

"I was just wondering if you would like to be dominated?"

April's sexy blue eyes lit up. Those eyes always caused Linda's heart to melt.

"You mean like you be my mistress?"

"Yes. At work you are my boss, but right now I would be in total control of you."

April got up and sat down on the bed next to Linda. She bit Linda's lower lip.

"Sounds good to me."

Linda smiled at April.

"You do realize you have to give yourself completely to me."

April leaned in and kissed Linda.

"Oh baby!"

April started kissing Linda, but Linda pushed April down onto the bed. Linda got up and walked over to the chair by the TV and sat down.

"From now on you will refer to me as "mistress." You will be referred to simply as "slut."

"Yes mistress."

"Good, now get up and strip for me."

April got off the bed and pulled her shirt up over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra. Linda felt a tingle spreading throughout her pussy.

April began swaying her hips. Linda's pussy was now becoming damp. April slowly undid her jeans and slowly pulled them down her long, slender legs. She was left in just a pair of flimsy panties. April started caressing her own beautiful breasts while she danced in front of Linda. Linda's hand instinctively went to her pussy. Seeing April's huge breasts still got Linda as hot as when she had first seen them. She started rubbing herself through her pants. April continued fondling her gorgeous breasts. When her nipples were so hard they almost hurt, she stopped. She took her panties off and threw them at Linda. Linda caught them and examined them. Just as she had hoped! There was a huge wet spot in the crotch.

"I have one horny little slut don't I? Do you want to cum?"

April slowly licked her lips then said, "Yes please."

"Lie on the bed slut." 

April got in bed.

"On your knees, facing the mattress."

April got in the doggie position. Linda approached the bed. She took a moment to admire April's tight ass. Everything about April was perfect. Linda also got in bed behind April. She ran her hand down April's ass. April softly moaned. April was expecting her ass to get fingered. Dead wrong! SMACK!

Linda smacked April's left cheek with her hand. April let out a yelp. Linda smacked April's right cheek. April yelled out.

"Don't speak slut!"

Linda kept spanking April. At first it hurt April, but after the first few slaps, pain quickly turned into pleasure. She stuck her ass higher in the air. Linda noticed the change and smacked April harder. This time a pleasurable moan escaped April. Linda kept spanking April with her right hand and used her left hand to feel April's pussy. She was dripping wet! 

"You horny pussy eating slut."

Linda began fingering April's clit. After about ten more smacks, April was rapidly approaching orgasm. Linda knew this. Just as April was about to cum she screamed, "Fuck I'm cumin mistress!"

Linda stopped fingering her and slapping her ass. She got off the bed. April rolled over, so she could face Linda. She had tears in her eyes because she was so close to an orgasm. 

"I told you not to speak slut!"

"I'm so sorry mistress, I couldn't help it."

"Shut up! Get off the bed and undress me!"

April (slut) did as she was instructed. Even though she didn't have an orgasm, she was enjoying this dominating business. Not being in control was new to her. She undressed Linda. Linda went and lied in bed.

"Now get over here and eat me out."

April jumped in bed and started eating her out. She was rotating between licking Linda's clit and tongue fucking her. Finally she focused on fucking her. April's tongue darted in and out. Linda moved her hips and ass in time with April's tongue. Linda's pussy started contracting as her orgasm swept over her body. She grabbed April by her long hair and shoved her face further into her snatch. After licking as much as Linda's cum as she could, April asked for permission to sit up.

"Granted."

April sat up and her beautiful face glistened with girl cum. Linda also sat up and kissed April passionately. April had asked permission before sitting up which meant she was learning. Linda wanted to reward her for her obedience.

"I'll be right back."

Linda started to get up, so she could go get the strap on to fuck April's cute pussy.

"Where are you going?"

Linda smacked April hard across the face.

"Stop that!"

SMACK!

"Don't ever question or talk back to me slut!"

"Yes mistress, I apologize."

"I was going to reward you for being good, but now you must be punished. Don't you move one inch."

Linda went and got the eight inch strap on and a pair of handcuffs. When she came back, April's beautiful body was damp with sweat. She was breathing so hard; her gorgeous, big breasts were rising and falling with every breath. Linda also noticed April's nipples were erect. She handcuffed April to the bedposts. April's wrists hurt because the handcuffs were so tight, but she didn't dare say anything.

Linda sat on top of April, so her bare pussy was against April's stomach. She started fondling April's breasts and kissing her neck. April started moaning. As Linda was kissing her neck and fondling her breasts, she started moving her pussy up and down April's stomach. Linda was so turned on she could feel herself getting ready to cum. She picked up the pace on everything. There was a glistening trail down April's stomach. April was starting to cum as well. As Linda started cumin, April said, "Mistress please let me cum?"

Linda kept humping April's stomach throughout her orgasm, but she bit April's neck hard so the sudden pain would keep April from cumin. Linda stared into April's eyes while she recovered. This was April's final test. Would she question Linda's actions? April just lied there looking back at Linda. She didn't say a word.

"Good slut. You finally learned. If you obey me, I can bring you to new sexual heights. I'm so glad you see that and I hope you also see how much I love you."

"Yes mistress, I love you too mistress. I always have and I always will."

Linda was touched by April's words. She put on the eight inch strap on. She got into position. April spread her legs as far as she could. Linda only penetrated April with the tip of the strap on. April closed her eyes and let out a deep breath.

"Don't cum until I say so."

With that, Linda shoved all eight inches into April. April's body rose off the bed, and then fell back onto the bed. Linda pumped in and out of April hard and fast. Linda's orgasm was quickly building because the strap on was rubbing up against her clit. April's body started shaking. Linda pulled out. "Not yet." 

Linda's wonderful sensations also stopped. She knew the longer they waited, the better it would be in the end. She felt bad for April since she hadn't cum once this night, but she knew when she did cum, it would really be "earth shattering." Linda slowly inserted the fake dick back into April's cunt. With every inch that went inside April, April moaned and gyrated her hips. Again, Linda pulled out when they both almost went over the edge. She could tell April was terribly frustrated. She's suffered enough, Linda thought. Linda shoved hard into April once more. 

"Come on baby, this time I'm going to let you cum, so cum good and hard."

Linda's clit was so erect, it hurt. Soon her and April both came. April screamed so loud, Linda was afraid the neighbor's had heard her. April's body went rigid and she passed out. Linda pulled the strap on out and removed it. She lowered her head and licked up April's sweet juices. Then she took the handcuffs off April's wrists. She tucked April in bed, kissed her, and went to take a shower. When she was done showering, she went and climbed in bed next to April. She softly nibbled April's ear. April woke up. She was surprised Linda was in bed with her. She turned around to face Linda.

"Enjoy your anniversary present?"

"That was amazing! I've never passed out."

Linda kissed April deeply and lovingly. 

"So do you want to remain as my slut?"

April's sexy blue eyes lit up once again.

"Oh baby," was all she said.