 It was a Friday night and Erica had decided to work late tonight instead of coming in any during the weekend. Her reasoning for this was that her husband was out of town with his boss and the kids were gonna spend the weekend with some of their cousins. No since rushing home to an empty house and besides, Bryan would be back in tomorrow and she hoped they could do some catching up on much needed alone time. At about eight o'clock she finished up the last of the paperwork she needed to go over for her presentation Monday morningLate Night In The Parking Garageuck her how quiet the floor was with everybody gone and heads off towards the elevator. 

Riding down the elevator she let her mind drift to the hot, soothing bubble bath she planned on getting once she got home. The ding of the elevator as its doors opened brought her out of her little daydream and she stepped out on the third level of the parking garage that was attached to the building she worked in. She had parked down close to the end of the row this morning cause almost everything else was full. As she got close to her car she noticed that a few stalls up was another car, which she found peculiar since she thought she was the last to leave. When she was even with the back of her car she saw a lady stand up and lean against the car door, her back to Erica. Seeing how it looked as if she might need something Erica continued on. The lady turned towards her as she heard the click of Erica's heels on the concrete.

"Hey there, do you need some help" Erica asked as she came around the cars back end. 

"Yeah, I guess you could say that I do. When I tried to start the car my battery ran down and then when I tried to use my cell phone, it too had a dead battery. Frustrated when I popped the hood to look at the battery the door closed and of course it was locked, so now my keys and phone are inside of a locked car. Sorry to ramble on like this."

"Hey, if I was in your shoes I would probably be in hysterics by now so you're holding up pretty good. Don't I know you from somewhere?"

"I work down in the shipping part of the office, we have come across each other in the break room and in a couple of meetings, I am Anna."

"Erica, and it's a nice to meet you, albeit under wrong circumstances. Look, it is starting to rain so why don't you come with me back to my car and you can use my cell phone and call someone about your car and wait there and stay warm and dry."

"Thank you so much Erica, I really do appreciate this."

The two ladies head back down the alleyway towards Erica's car and she unlocks her doors with the remote and they both climb in. Erica starts the car and turns on the heat to low and so it is blowing down on their feet and digs out her own cell phone and hands it to Anna. Anna dials a number off of a card and is speaking with an operator. Erica tries not to eavesdrop but can tell that what Anna is getting is not good news. She hangs up the phone and hands it back to Erica with a sigh of disgust. 

"Well, that was my auto-club and the dispatcher said it could be anywhere between and hour and a half to two hours until a truck and get free to come for me, apparently this storm has them stretched out all over the city already with other breakdowns. Guess this means I am gonna have a long wait by the car. I can't thank you enough for letting me use your cell phone though Erica, glad you happen to come along."

"Nonsense, I am sure you would do the same for me and besides, unless you just don't like my company you are not gonna get out of the car to go and stand by yours, I plan on staying here until the Calvary arrives for your car."

"No, I don't wanna keep you from going home to your family" Anna said. 

"Well, just so happens I don't have anyone to rush home to tonight. My husband has gone out of town for a couple of days, will be back tomorrow sometime after lunch, and the kids have gone to stay the weekend with their cousins. So see there, no inconvenience for me at all."

"Thanks, I really do appreciate this Erica."

The two ladies drifted into a silence as they relax in the soft seats. As the car warmed up they both talked about the job and so forth.

"Are you married" Erica asked Anna.

"Yes, I am" Anna said, " most the time anyhow. Ron, my husband is working for a new company that makes gaskets for industrial use. The downside of that is he is gone a lot during the week and sometimes that carries over into the weekend."

"How long have you been married?"

"Right at ten months now. We dated for a year then got engaged and was engaged for four months. We met thru some mutual friends at a Labor Day cookout. We haven't got the start on kids yet but have decided once he settles down with the business we are gonna hop to that."

Erica told her that she and Bryan had been married going on seven years and have three children and just recently did she go back to work, she had waited for the youngest one to get into first grade. Once again silence filled the car as they both relaxed. After a few minutes Anna spoke.

"Erica, would you mind if I took my heels off, my feet need a break from these shoes and the heat feels really nice on my legs making my feet jealous" Anna said with a giggle. Of course Erica told her that would be fine and she would most likely do the same.

The car was dimly lit by the lights of the dashboard and the lights that shone from the garage filtering in thru the dark tint. Unconsciously Erica looked over at Anna as she pulled her skirt up a little to give her a little more room to bend forward and pull off her shoes. Finished she sat back up and stretch out her feet and wiggled her toes. 

"Ah, that feels much better, thank you so much. Do you mind if I recline the seat back a little while we wait?"

"No, that is quiet all right with me, if it is OK with you and I won't disturb you I need to call Bryan and let him know that I hadn't made it home yet and why so he don't worry about me."

Anna said that would be fine with her and sat up in the seat, this time taking off her blazer which covered a cream colored long sleeve button up blouse. Erica found her self gazing upon Anna's body in the glowing light. The top two buttons had been undone and as her gaze traveled down this lady's body she saw that with the way she had scooted in the seat that she saw high upon her thighs, almost could see the bottom of the elastic band of her stockings. Erica shook herself out of the reverie of looking at Anna's body. She had been with women before, and Bryan knew all about that, but that was back when she was in school and while working at another job before going back to school to finish up her degree. Where Anna was petite, Erica was more curvier and filled out thanks to the wonder of having children. She still took care of her self, anyone knows that running after three kids and all the sports they can be involved in will keep you in pretty good shape. Her breast were fuller and round, her bottom was full and curvy but Bryan always told her she better not lose any of that. Today she had chosen to wear a gray skirt and jacket suit with a white blouse and black stockings. Of course she imagined that she probably had about eight or so years on Anna also. 

Erica reached in the center console to get the phone so she could call Bryan. When she did, hand brushed up against Anna's. Erica looked up and saw Anna smile at her before closing her eyes back. Damn, Erica thought to herself, it had been a long time since I felt like this around another woman. Taking the phone she opened it up and dialed the number to the motel that Bryan and his boss was staying at. When the switchboard operator connected her to his room she had about got control of her self.

"Hello" she heard Bryan say heavily like he was asleep.

"Hey sweetie, was you already asleep?" 

"Getting close to it. Had the TV on but wasn't much that interesting on? How come you haven't called sooner?"

"Well, a lady that works on the same floor as me is having car trouble and when she called her auto club they said it would probably be about two hours until they could get someone over to her car, and that was about thirty minutes ago so I told her that I would sit and wait with her so she could stay warm and dry. How was your 

"It was OK, we just about got wrapped up today, the way it is going we should wrap up a little earlier than expected tomorrow and if that is the case then should be getting home closer to lunch than dinner, well, somewhere in between, guess you will just have to be my snack huh" Bryan said with playfulness in his 

"Oh, do you think I am an open buffet" Erica teased back at him, "can get a nibble whenever you want one."

"I plan on more than a nibble, more like a nibble, a lick, a suck and plenty of using my hands." Bryan's words sent chills tingling down her spine straight to her already warm center. "Tell me, what did you wear to the office today?"

"I can't tell you that, Anna is sitting next to me here in the car." She looked over at Anna who is still reclined back and has her eyes closed, seeming to not be paying any attention to what all Erica is saying. "Okay, okay" she says and Bryan's persistence, "I am wearing my gray and black checkered skirt and jacket set with that white blouse you got me the last time you were gone away with work. So mister, what are you wearing?"

"Only way I tell is when you tell me what you are wearing under the business outfit" Bryan countered with.

"Now you know you are not playing fair at all" Erica said with a pout but was also smiling. "Oh all right, if you just gotta know", pausing she looked over at Anna who appeared to be asleep in the warmth of the car she continued, "I picked up a new bra and panty set from Victoria Secrets last weekend, white demi cup bra with matching bikini cut panties, and you wanna know something else, it has a matching garter belt that are attached to a pair of black stockings that go down to those black heels you love to see me wear in the bedroom. Now, how about you?"

"Dang, now you got me feeling underdressed for the moment" Bryan stated then waited to see if she could catch the hint. Smiling, he heard her say 'no you are not' Bryan answered with, "Yes, I most certainly am, and now after that vivid description you gave me the sheet is starting to tent up over my waist. 

Erica moaned lightly at the image that Bryan had just put in her head, she knew how much she missed him and how badly she wanted him. Shifting the seat she spread her legs a little trying to cut down on some of the friction as she shifted in her seat. 

"You wanna know something else dear" Bryan asked her teasingly. "Since you have got me hard like this I know I won't go to sleep until I do something about it. With that in mind I am gonna take my hand and wrap it around my shaft and start stroking it for you. Wouldn't you like that, to see me as I stroked my long, hard cock for you."

"You know that this is not fair" she whispered hotly into the phone, feeling her body tingle as it warmed from the inside out at Bryan's words.

"How so, you turned me on and now I am gonna take care of it. Oh, that is right, you aren't alone are you. If my memory serves me right I do believe you have put me on the spot like that before, so maybe it is my turn to have some fun at it. Tell me Erica, are you excited right now, don't you wish you were here with me, feeling my naked flesh pressing against yours. I bet that you are getting wet now aren't you?"

"Yes," she softly whispers as her hands trembles holding the phone. She spreads her legs more and her skirt bunches up higher on her legs, she can tell where the garter is hooked and has the top stretched up.

"I guess that means you will have to be very quiet and still while you listen to me then won't you. Right now I am stroking my cock with long slow strokes, I can imagine that you are here with me, watching me as I watch you. I would want you to stay in all your lingerie except for one piece, your panties, would want you to take them off. That way, when you got really wet and excited I would see your juices glistening on your pink lips while your finger danced on your hard clit peeking from beneath its hood. Oh yes, that thought along has my cock leaking out pre-cum. I am smearing it all along he head of my cock, making it nice and slippery for my fist. I am starting to stroke it a little faster now baby, it is so hard. Tell me something, are you trimmed up for me baby, got it ready to take my hard cock?"

"Yes," she answered shakily, "I am trimmed and ready for you baby and right now you have me so wet I am probably gonna leave a stain on this seat if you don't stop." Slowly she has eased her left hand down inside of her skirt while attempting to keep an eye on Anna to make sure she didn't stir. While looking at her Erica could swear that another button had been undone on Anna's blouse.

"If I were watching you would you like to use the new toy that you got?"

Bryan's question drew her away from looking at Anna's breast pushing out against the blouse. "Which one are you talking about?"

"The one with the vibrating shaft and the clit stimulator. I would love to see you using that while I sat here stroking my cock. Watching it go in and out of your wet lips, all pink and shinny, watching the little dolphin as you use it to vibrate back and forth on your throbbing clit. you would be working that in and out with your right hand and have your left hand rubbing and massaging on your tits. Pulling on your stiff nipple as the toy does its magic on your hot cunt. Man, just imagining has me so close to the edge baby, don't you want me to cum for you Erica?"

"Yes, Bryan, I want you to do that for me" Erica said breathlessly in the phone as she was rubbing her hard clit thru the satin material of her now very soaked panties. 

"Erica, are you rubbing yourself?"

Blushing deeply before she answered, "Yes, I am, how could I not after listening to you."

"Good, I hope your new friend is a sound snooker then. You know I am getting so close to cumming baby. My cock is so hard and slick from pre cum that my hand glides along it so smoothly. It has started throbbing to, just like I bet your clit is under your fingertips."

"Oh God Bryan, stop teasing me and give me what I want" Erica panted into the phone, her own orgasm on the brink.

"What is that sweetness, you want me to let my big hard cock fire its hot load for you, to shoot my seed out."

"Yes, oh yes, give it to me Bryan" she whispered into the phone just as she felt her own orgasm begin to quake thru her pussy. "Bryan I am cumming."

"Good, cause I am fixing to cum too, my balls are tight and my cock is swelling, oh yes, oh yes, here it comes baby."

Bryan's loud moan fills her ears as her own orgasm rushes her body, she tenses her legs and raises her hips off of the seat as she feels her cunt throbbing and flexing under her hand. Her eyes are closed as she listens to Bryan mumbling about how good it feels to cum like that how big a load he shot for her. She hums to herself in self satisfaction. Bryan tells her that he really misses her and he can't wait to get home to her tomorrow. She agrees and slowly draws her hand from beneath her skirt. Quietly she tell him that he better get some sleep now and that she should be getting off of the phone herself. After saying their good byes she opens her eyes to see where to put the phone up and finds a surprise herself.

Anna had opened yet another button on her blouse and Erica could see the pink material of her bra. Looking down Erica saw that Anna had a hand under her skirt also. Only now did Erica realize that she still had her hand beneath her own skirt. Taking her eyes off Anna's slow moving hand she looked up and found Anna looking at her. Before Erica could move Anna grabbed her hand and held it.

"I am sorry but there was no way for me not to hear or know what was going on while you were on the phone with your husband. It has been so long since me and mine have done anything, well, needless to say it really got me aroused, then when I saw that you were playing with yourself and I could see your nipples poking out so hard, I just had to do something or I would have gone crazy." Anna stopped and took in a deep breath and Erica could see Anna's hand still moving under her skirt. "I hope you are not offended but it was just such an arousing site for me. In college I had a roommate that loved sex, I on the other hand was more into studying at the time. When she use to bring home her boyfriends and they would have sex, I laid in the dark and masturbated to their muted grunts and groans, climaxing with them a lot of times. She even came home with other girls too, it wasn't just the guys. For two years I laid in silence and watched her having sex with boys and girls sometimes more than one at a time, but to be honest, the hottest times were when she had a girl with her. Myself, I never have been with another lady before."

"Have you ever really wanted to be with another woman?"

"Yes, and no, for a long time I kept hoping my roommate might make a pass at me but she never did and so after school the thoughts kinda took a back burner you know. Anyway, right before Ron left to go out of town he sprung on me that for our one year anniversary he wants to have a threesome with another female. Needless to say that has got my curiosity aroused again."

"So you would be up for sharing your husband with another woman and maybe you get some play to, is that right?"

"In a nutshell, yes. Guess I have always have the curiosity in me. The only thing is that before we shared our bed with another woman I would like to be with one-first, to have that experience for myself and that way would be more attentive and more involved if we are able to find someone to join us like he wants."

Erica sat in the car thinking for a moment. She knew she was probably fixing to go down a path she had not traveled in a long time but her excited body would not let her turn back now, she knew she wanted to be Anna's first.

"So I guess my phone conversation and my little show has you hot and bothered too now huh?"

"Yes, very much so" Anna said as Erica could still see her hand moving under the skirt. 

"Show me that you are wet."

Anna's hand moved a little more then stopped for a moment. Next movement that she made was to bring her hand from underneath her skirt. Erica flipped on the map lights on the rearview mirror and could see that three fingertips were wet on Anna's hand. Being bold she leaned across the center console and stuck out her tongue and licked her long finger from the middle joint up, getting her first taste of Anna's pussy juice. It was sweet as honey and she wanted more, looking directly into Anna's eyes Erica opened her mouth and took in all three fingers and swirled her tongue all around, lapping up the woman's nectar from her fingers. Anna's eyes clouded over with a look of lust as she watched it all and began to breath faster. When she cleaned off all the fingers she slowly pulled back and away freeing Anna's fingers from her mouth and smiled.

"Would you like to see how wet I am?"

Still breathing heavily Anna nodded yes and immediately looked towards Erica's lap. Erica slipped her middle finger deep inside her wet slit and was sure to get it nice and wet before slowly bringing out of the waistband of her skirt. She held her hand up and heard Anna gasp at how wet her finger was. After just a brief pause Anna leans forward, her pink tongue leaves from in her mouth and she slowly slithers it all around Erica's wet finger. She works her tongue all around it and up and down both sides before sucking it into her mouth to get it nice and clean.

Erica has scooted closer in the seat now and as she pulls her finger from Anna's mouth she replaces it with her own lips. They kiss softly at first, tenderly until the desire grows and takes over. Erica slips her tongue out and lets it run along the edge of Anna's lips until she opens her mouth and invites it in. Both tongues rub one another and entangle together in the heat of the moment. Erica manages to move both her hands up and lightly push Anna back.
