 If you're under eighteen, or are turned off by two beautiful women in hot sexual contact, stop reading here. Otherwise, enjoy! And let me know if you enjoyed the story, and want to see more by emailing. 

This story is dedicated to meu amor from afar, Raquel, in Brazil. I thank her for the inspiration for this tale of sudden girl-girl lust. May our hands reach across the continents, from North to South, and pull each other closer... Much closer.

* * * * *

The beautiful blonde entered the room and eyes turned in her direction. Claire allowed her date to slip the longish black leather jacket off her shoulders and take it to the coatroom. While being statuesque, she wasn't like many of the aspiring actresses at the party. Her full blonde hair, parted in the middle, loosely framed Nordic facial features that reminded some of the sensual actress in La Femme Nikita, Peta Wilson. The large, ice blue eyes, pert nose, unusually full lips for a natural blonde, high-sculpted cheekbones. Her makeup emphasized all the right details, from the light blue around the eyes to the frosty pink lipstick glistening from her mouth. Minimal but making a point. The lazy, confidant smile with the perfect white teeth. The long, slender neck that led the eyes to 36D, full and thrusting breasts. Her skintight black stretch cocktail dress seemed to shape her impressive body into an hourglass. The low-cut scoop neckline pressed the firm breasts into tight cleavage. The flat stomach rippled beneath the material, and the micro mini length showed her muscular thighs and taught calves to their best advantage. All supported by black leather stilettos that thrust her firm, round ass cheeks up and out as she walked through the room. She exuded the attitude of confidence that an extremely sexy, beautiful woman in the right clothes, at the right place, with many admiring eyes on her would emit like perfume. It followed her as she was led by her date to the bar for a drink to start the evening. The attention would be entertaining.

This was a party that would be fairly international. The host and hostess were friends of her date, Nick's. An interesting affair that would enable him to parade her around, enjoy the attention, have some fun, conversation and then go home with him for a night of lust and incredible sex. No great emotional attachment. Just another chance to meet some powerful people, regale in their flirting and satisfy her sensuality. Another night in Hollywood.

The party, conversations and drink went as she expected for most of the night. Nick had circulated, hitting the right people around the patio and various rooms. She had spoken with some of the people she knew, some she hadn't. All with that air of detachment that floated around the beautiful Nordic blonde. The attitude that was missing among others in her field at the gathering who indulged in their insecurities. Until she glanced over the shoulder of a scriptwriter she was listening to and noticed a woman standing among a few people across the room. Claire's pale blue eyes casually took note of the woman, moving from head down her body to the boots on her feet. This was no ordinary "party girl". This woman seemed to stand out from the other girls there. 

The woman seemed to be casually listening to the conversation, occasionally drawing on a small, thin cigar and releasing the smoke through her nose. Her hair was very dark brown, almost black, long and full, drawn back tightly into a gold elastic loop that permitted a wavy waterfall to drop down over her back. The woman's face was perhaps the most sensual that Claire had ever seen. It was Hispanic, olive-skinned, more Latin or South American. Green eyes scanned out with hooded lids under dark brown eyebrows and heavy lashes. A slightly flared yet attractive nose led the eye down to extremely full, thick lips covered with the darkest burgundy lipstick Laura had seen. As the woman periodically inserted the slim cigar, she could see very white teeth and that the lipstick, as thickly applied as it was, left a bright mark around the brown tobacco tube. She would periodically lick those incredible lips with an equally thick, long, almost serpentine tongue. Just enough to moisten. A small glint of light reflected off the small gold ring that was looped through the woman's left nostril. 

Once she could tear her eyes away from those lips, the woman's dimpled chin led Claire down to a pair of breasts that were even larger than her own, but just as thrusting and straining against the skin-tight fabric of a black spandex tank top. The spaghetti straps were mere afterthoughts over the woman's shoulders as the low-cut tank almost threw those breasts up from her chest, yet the bottom of the skimpy "belly shirt" ended above her flat, rippling stomach. Her naked arms were well-muscled and the tattoo of a dragon flowed along the lines of her left bicep. Tattoos had never really done anything for Claire, but this one seemed very erotic to her. There was a mystery and romance to the multi-colored dragon that emphasized the bulge of the woman's bicep. She obviously worked out with a body cut like that. Another small gold loop wound its way through her rather large, pouting belly button, crowning the tight stomach. Encased tightly and very low-slung around her hips, thighs, up-thrusting ass and statuesque legs was a pair of incredible black leather jeans that had a dull, flat sheen to them in the light. Probably soft, thin lambskin. The style was very popular in Hollywood these days. They ran so low on her hips that they were just above her cunt line and, if she turned around, Claire would probably see a hint of ass crack. Leather inter-lacing closed the very narrow leather material just covering her crotch. The incredible pants were so tight one could almost see the rippling of the thigh and calf muscles as the woman balanced from one leg to the other. They ended inside a pair of black leather platform ankle boots. The heels were tall and chunky, lifting those round, firm ass cheeks up and out to the world just begging to fondle them. As the woman brought the cigar to her lips, Claire also noticed the very long nails painted to match her lipstick. They were exquisite! She had always admired the sensuality of long, graceful nails on a woman. Her own were long, but not nearly the statement that she was observing across the room.

As her eyes roved over this incredible Latin Lady, Claire was shocked to feel her heart begin racing! A warmth began under the crotch of her miniscule thong underwear and began to spread up her stomach to her breasts. Her nipples--were they actually hardening? What was this happening? Was it her drink? She took another sip. The voices around her were tuning out of her consciousness. She was beginning to focus like a laser on this voluptuous woman in the tight leather pants. She observed her more closely...

The woman didn't seem to be paying much attention to the small group in conversation around her. One eyebrow was slightly arched. She continued to draw languidly on the small cigar, letting the smoke from her exhale curl around her face. It was obvious she was bored. The boredom of beauty. She lifted the champagne glass to her mouth and took a long sip. Claire could see the dark burgundy lipstick-mark that her mouth left on the crystal. She looked more closely at the woman's magnificent breasts and could make out the outline of two large, protruding nipples as they thrust out against the thin black stretch material. They were begging for a mouth to surround them. Begging for it... Claire was careful not to be obvious about watching this woman. She would nod and say a few words to seem as if she was participating in the conversation around her. Typical party talk. But her mind--and body--was elsewhere.

As this dark, mysterious woman continued to smoke her cigar and sip from the champagne glass, she had an idea. This was crazy, but her mind was starting to transfer all power to her cunt. What was that old joke that men thought with the wrong head? It was starting to happen to her! She wasn't a lesbian, hadn't had much experience sexually with other women other than the normal flirtations, but this strange woman was having an effect on her! Claire's idea took hold of her body and she waited for her moment. She watched the woman drain the champagne glass, look around for a place to set it down. Her arm flexed, the dragon tattoo moving attractively, powerfully on her bicep. Her small cigar was almost finished as well. The woman spotted a small table behind her with an ashtray, turned and placed both down--the glass and the cigar. She then turned back again, seemed to contemplate returning to the conversation but moved away. Perhaps she was looking for a refill? Regardless, Claire watched the woman's high, tight asscheeks move sensually under the low-slung leather pants, almost revealing her ass-crack as she moved. Just amazing! The heat was getting stronger in her pussy, and the beautiful Nordic blonde decided it was now or never to put her little plan in motion. She just had to do something to connect with the Latin lady without seeming too obvious. Just had to possess something of the woman's to bring them closer in some way. Some how...

As the woman walked away, Claire casually moved toward the spot where she had left the glass and cigar. There was just a little champagne left in the glass, she could see. And the cigar was still smoldering. As was Claire's pussy! She moved so casually, and there was so much party happening around her that she was sure no one noticed what she was doing.

Something somewhere in her mind asked her what the hell she was doing, but it was a small voice and she just ignored it. Her cunt was speaking. She had put down her own half-finished martini upon arriving at the small table, and picked up the champagne glass and cigar, very quickly, very casually. Her eyes finally left the sensual asscheeks she had been watching and arrived on the glass. There were very dark burgundy lipstick imprints on the crystal. There were the same on the small cigar. She raised the glass to her lips, paused to gaze at the lipstick. HER lips had placed them there! Those full, lush lips! She raised the glass slightly to her nose to see if she could smell the sweetness of the lipstick, and she could. There was a faint perfume odor, just a faint one. Claire licked her own lips briefly, in anticipation, then put the glass to her mouth, making sure the burgundy lipstick met her own frosty pink. A slight lick of the glass before it met her mouth and she pressed, as if their lips were joined, raising the glass, drinking the champagne the Latin woman had just drunk. She downed the champagne, savoring the tastes of both the burgundy lipstick and the remaining liquor. Taking a quick look at the glass to see the mingled pink and dark red lipstick, a quick stab of lust hit her full in the cunt. She then raised the cigar to her mouth. She wasn't much of a smoker, but she'd make an exception this time. She again gave a quick lick to the lipstick stain, then sucked on the tobacco. She inhaled the smoke the woman had just taken into her own lungs. Claire exhaled just as sensually as the other woman, the focus of her sudden sexual attention. It was one of the most erotic experiences she had ever had. Pressing her lips to the glass at the exact spot the other woman had, drinking the liquid that had passed those lips, inhaling the smoke that had passed through that mouth into her lungs. It was as if she were actually having sex with the strange woman. That burning sensation between her legs was spreading and getting warmer.

"Would you like another, miss?" She suddenly awoke from her trance. It was a waiter offering another champagne glass full of the yellow liquid. "Miss?" The tray was being extended in front of her.

"Oh, uh, yes, yeah, okay." She put the special glass down and picked up another. It had snapped her out of that weird hot fantasy she was in. She looked quickly around to see if anyone was looking at her, had noticed the risky maneuver. The coast was clear. Wow, what a strange thing for her to do... but where was the woman? She looked around again, didn't see her. She just had to move around, keep from rooting to that spot and feeling pussy juice start to drip down her leg. She had to move to another place in the room, perhaps find the woman again. She just had to find her. Now that she had tasted the woman's lipstick, smoked her smoke, she had to find out what might be next. She was beginning to feel the need for more. The question was--what would that be now? What was happening to her? What was she doing, stalking a strange woman? She had come here with a date, and felt an immediate attraction to some sexy Latin woman and was following her, drinking from her glass, smoking her cigar. She didn't even know if the woman was Latin, or with anyone. WITH ANYONE? What was Claire expecting to do? What was next? Follow her like a bitch in heat? What if someone noticed? A slight sense of fear was mingling with the horniness--it was turning her on like she had never been before...

Claire began circulating around the party again, still holding the small cigar in her fingers, sipping from the new champagne glass. There was a good size crowd here, easy for someone to get lost in the maze. She had glimpsed the woman once, she thought--looking for the black leather pants and high, thrusting tits. But not a full gaze yet. She eventually wound up back where she started from, where she had originally seen the woman. Where had she gone? She had to find her, just had too. She couldn't have left? Her pussy was becoming frustrated...

Suddenly, she glanced to the spot of her first sighting--and there she was! Standing by that small table, smoking another cigar, in a group of chatting people! Right back where she had first seen her, after all that hunting! Her mouth went dry. Claire's cunt jumped, if that was possible! Along with her heart in her own ample chest. And her nipples quickly hardened. Gotcha! She was beginning to think the woman had been an apparition! But she was real, so real. Claire had to be careful not to make her ogling obvious, again. And now it was more like ogling than the previous glancing. Claire was lusting after this sensual, mysterious, sexy Latin woman. She pretended to be speaking with a group of people, but her mind was elsewhere while her eyes drifted over to the woman. To those tits thrusting under the black tank top. To that pierced belly button, pouting over the top of the low-slung black leather hip-huggers. Now how could she meet her? What could she do? She had to do something!

But just as Claire glanced furtively over, another strange thing happened. Something that almost caused the busty blonde to drop her own drink. The dark woman glanced over to Claire at the same time and their eyes briefly met! Claire froze. But it's what she did next that made the beautiful Nordic blonde's blood really begin to boil! As she locked eyes with Claire, the woman brought a martini glass up to her lips--and licked! But... was that Claire's martini glass? The one she had put down right there to pick up the champagne and cigar? Was that her pale pink lipstick she could vaguely see on the glass? Was it her imagination or was that HER glass?? Had she circled around? Had she seen what Claire had done before? Claire felt her face go flush. The woman drank from the half-filled glass, rather slowly--too slowly. Then take a drag from the small cigar. Was that a faint smile? Did the corners turn up on those beautiful, sensual lips? What just happened? The flush spread down to her pussy. Claire could feel a small dripping ooze from her cunt. The woman turned away again, just as quickly as their eyes had met, the episode was over. Almost as if it had never happened. Almost.

Claire felt the need to get away from the area. If the woman had seen her, she would be embarrassed beyond belief! And she didn't want anyone to see how flushed she was. She had to get away from there. She'd pretend to need her jacket, go look for that. What had she done? What was she doing? How could she suddenly be so sexually attracted to this strange woman? She saw Nick a few feet away, chatting with some people. Doing his thing. She moved over to him.

"Hey, Nicky, where's my jacket? Got a bit chilly. 'Know where they put it?" She fairly stuttered the questions.

He looked up from his conversation, "Yeah, C--upstairs, I think there's a coat room somewhere up there." He looked back to the gorgeous redhead he was speaking with. He could be an asshole sometimes. But Claire thought little of that now, she moved toward the stairs and up them to look for her jacket. It was a method to get away from the possibly embarrassing situation with that woman. If she had seen her----

Claire walked down the hall, looking in the various rooms for the coats. She felt herself getting a little more composed, but not much. Her pussy was still moist, she was still flushed. She finally found the bedroom where the coats had been hung for the guests. She entered and found the stylish black leather jacket, putting it on. It felt good on her upper body. It was thin kidskin, hanging loosely below the hem of her micro-miniskirt, allowing her full tits to thrust open the jacket. The jacket was her excuse for suddenly leaving the scene of "the accident". She briefly looked into the mirror in the room and admired herself, the sexy body, tight cocktail dress and contrasting longer black leather jacket.

Suddenly, there was a strong, female voice from behind her, "Ah, here you are, meu Gata! I've been wondering where you went off to..."

Claire whirled around. It was the woman! She was standing there in the doorway! Her throat went dry but her pussy went wet. "Uh, wha, what did you say? Excuse me?" They locked eyes once again.

"Ah, sorry for my poor English. I still haven't gotten the hang of it, as they say. But I noticed you noticing me downstairs, and I thought, ah, think you are so, ah, how you say it? Ah, you are, uh---so, uh we say 'Gostosa'." She swayed into the room. "You are so sweet, meu amor, so sweet. I thought you might like to meet me." Their gaze didn't break as the woman came closer to Claire, into the room. Ice blue eyes locked on to smoldering green eyes. Woman to woman.

"Oh, well," Claire didn't know what to say but had a sudden urge to come clean, "well, that's nice, sorry if I was staring downstairs, but you're very sweet too." She felt fairly lame with that response, but it was the best she could do under the circumstances.

"Yes, Doçura, I know. Every man I talk with down there is after my poontie, I know that. But I only give to whoever I want to." The woman smiled as she drew in closer to the blonde, only a foot or two away. "My name is Raquel. I only here for a few months from Rio. Brazil. I'm from Brazil. Where I learn my English."

"Oh, really? Well, your English is very good." She still felt lame in her stuttering conversation with the target of her lust, but her heat was carrying the words forward. "Oh, sorry, I'm Claire. Nice to meet you." Claire didn't know whether to shake her hand or grab and kiss her. This woman seemed to be very aggressive for someone new to the country.

"Well, thank you. I've studied English for several years. But I also believe there are many ways to communicate, no?" She came closer to Claire. "Shall we speak, Claire?" She came close enough for Claire to smell the musk of Raquel's perfume. It was quiet enough to hear the soft, smooth rustling of the tight leather pants as those well-muscled legs carried Raquel closer to Claire. The blonde's heart was pounding in her ample chest. While her throat became dry, her mouth began to water. The onset of girl-lust.

As the very sensual Latina woman moved closer to Claire, the blonde was at a loss for words. "Uh, sure, uh, what, uh, would you..."
