 It was a typical mundane day at the Laundromat with the same typical patrons dragging in their weekly loads of laundry. Megan dreaded Sundays as much as she did going to the dentist. It was pure torture dealing with dragging her clothing and waiting for the whole process of wash, dry and fold. It has been three months of this dreadful task since her washer and dryer went on the skids. She was hoping just once could meet an interesting person would come in so she could chat up an interesting conversation. She lived a rather predictable life of working fulltime, being a single fulltime mother and working many hours. She was in a rut as some people would say with some excitement needed. She was so horny and pent up with frustration of her current situation. She was in the process of putting in her load of clothes in the washer, when this sexy voice asked her if she could help her with the machine next to her. She looked up and saw this attractive lady with brown hair and green eyes looking at her with confusion.

I haven't been in a Laundromat since I was in college, I don't even know how much they cost. Megan chuckled and said, "I totally understood since I haven't had to come to one in years myself." Megan couldn't help but notice from the corner of my eye that she was very curvaceous with big breast. She was thinking they could be a C or D, but wondering how they looked without a bra. Megan was thinking to herself that she is not a lesbian by no means of the word but had to admit that she had her share of bisexual experiences. She found herself tingling as she looked at this lady with her beautiful eyes, great body and awesome breasts. Megan helped her start her load and continued with laundry thinking about what it would be like to be playing with those great tits and many other things she would normally fantasize back in her college days. Ms. Sexy interrupted Megan's thought processes by asking her if she came to the Laundromat often.

"I come once a week, at the rate my handyman is working I will be coming awhile," Megan chuckled. The brunette introduced herself as Connie and the two continued to talk as they waited for their laundry. Hey how would you like to get away from here awhile and go grab some lunch? Connie asked. I do not live far from here and I could make us up some lunch. Megan was thinking to herself wow this hot chick is really asking me to her place, wonder if she is attracted to me like I am her. Sure Megan said lunch sounds great. Megan and Connie took off to Connie's place to have lunch and get better acquainted. Connie lived in a cute townhouse nearby to the Laundromat.

"I am sorry, please excuse the mess. I just transferred here from New Hampshire with my job. It is hard to get settled into a new place when my job transfers me every year," Connie stated as she was looking in the fridge. They chatted about each of their lives and Connie asked if Megan knew any places where she can meet some females to hook up with for sex. Megan was floored but tried to play it cool. She remembered one of her coworkers tell her about a club in town. Connie saw the look of shock in Megan's face and asked her if she was uncomfortable by the fact she was a lesbian.

"No not at all," Megan replied with a smile. "If anything I am kind of turned on by the fact you are a lesbian" Megan replied as she looked up from her Italian club Connie threw together for them. Megan went on to explain that she was a dormant bisexual. She had various swinging and bi experiences in her twenties but nothing of recent. Connie listened intently as Megan explained her current situation of being extremely sexually frustrated and truly need a release.

Connie got up from her seat and walked closely to Megan and lowered herself down to be eye level with her. Connie moved in to kiss Megan softly on the lips; Megan was definitely all in from that point on. The kisses proceeded from slow to passionate. The ladies got up and Connie escorted Megan to her bedroom. Connie tapped the stereo speaker to create more of a sexual atmosphere. She walked over to Megan and started kissing her passionately and slowly unbuttoning Megan's blouse and easing it off her shoulders. She kept kissing her lips as she unfastened her bra. Connie's hands moved over Megan's breasts slowly and gently rubbing her hands over her hard nipples. Megan could feel her nipples harden and her pussy getting wetter, she awaited to feel Connie's mouth start to suck on her nipples and bite lightly. She moaned softly as Connie started sucking gently as first. Megan moaned loader and asked her partner to bite them lightly. Connie got turned on by the request. She was more than happy to oblige. She proceeded to move her hand down Megan's stomach to her jeans and loosened the button and zipper. She slid her hand down Megan's jeans as she continued sucking on her hard nipples. Connie nibbled harder on Megan's nipples. 

"How horney you are", Megan playfully teased? Connie responded she kissed her way down her the sexually frustrated woman's stomach. The slid her jeans and panties off as she looked at her very anxious friend. She moved her fingers down her wet slit and slid her finger in to feel the hot warmth. Connie lowered her mouth down to Megan's hot pussy and started licking her hard button. She kept licking and sucking her way down, making Megan wetter and breathing heavier. Oh yeah baby lick my sweet pussy, the command turned her on and made her slide two fingers in and started finger fucking her as she sucked her harder. Megan exploded creamy juices all over Connie's face. Megan called out for her to 69 her; Connie was more than happy to oblige her new lover. Connie stripped down and moved slowly over Megan so she could get a good feel of her body and tease her breasts with her mouth. 

Megan bit lightly on her nipples and Connie moaned deeply by the pleasure, She moved over Megan's face as she started licking and sucking her clit. Both ladies were in pleasure frenzy and soaking wet. They totally lost total time that their laundry was probably still in the washers. They quickly took a break from their pleasurable encounter, threw on their clothes and drove over to switch their clothes to the dryers. They practically ran out of their as quickly as they ran back to Connie's apartment to strip off their clothes to return to the pleasurable task at hand. It wasn't long before they were back to licking their way to orgasm after orgasm. Megan's kids started calling her cell phone interrupting the ladies from their pleasure fest. It was getting late and Megan had to get back to reality. The two ladies switched numbers and made arrangements to meet up for dinner and a long dessert. Who knows perhaps toys will be involved they both laughed as they kissed one another goodbye.