 Day Before The Wedding

"She said she didn't want me at the wedding Tasha." I said.

"Don't you think that maybe it's for the best?" Natasha said as she tried to calm me down.

"But how can she do this to me, I've been going through hell, helping her out and now she just tells me to fuck off." I stood up and headed to my cabinet trying to find some alcohol. 

"I don't even understand you Laura she is moving on and I thought you did too." Natasha said as she walked to me and took away the glass of alcohol I had poured myself. 

"I thought I did too Tasha, maybe I could have moved on, but I can't now. She told me she still loved me but she still won't leave him. I don't know what to do."

"You need to get away, just get in the car and drive anywhere." Natasha said as she rubbed my arms. "Maybe I can help you forget Laura." Natasha got closer to me until she began to kiss me; her lips were cold but sweet. Normally I would have kissed her back but I couldn't there was only one thought in my mind.

"Stop Tasha, I don't need sex I need your help."

"What do you think I'm trying to do?"

"Seduce me, I don't want this."

"You say this now Laura but I know you want me you proved it that night at the bar." Natasha said as she ran her hands over my body until she rested them on my face.

"You and I know I did that to make Rachel jealous." I said as I moved away from her and finished my drink in a swallow, which ended with me coughing.

"Yes I know but that was in the beginning, what about afterwards in the restroom when I saw into your eyes, I saw love, it wasn't just a game Laura I saw it." Natasha said as she came behind me and rubbed her hands on my back.

"Yes you did Tasha, but I can't love you like I loved Rachel. Rachel is my soul mate, she knows it too she's just afraid. But like I said I do love you Tasha but it wouldn't be fair for you because part of me will be in it for you but not all like it is for Rachel. You need to find someone who can completely love you, who doesn't think of anyone else but you, and I'm not that someone." I said as I turned around and faced her.

"So that's it you're pushing me away." Natasha said as I saw the pain I was causing her. 

"No I'm not pushing you away Tasha, I want you to always be a part of my life but I admit I am pushing away the chance for us to be a couple and I'm apologizing for that now. Also Tasha you don't really love, you know as well as I do that the only reason you are here is because I'm suffering and you're attracted to it." I said as I held her hands in mine. 

Natasha just looked at our hands and then looked up at my face, "You really do love her don't you?"

"I do Tasha and I know we will never be the same, you and I but I need you to understand that after today I want you in my life always even if you hate me I still want you to be part of my life and I do hope you can forgive me."

"I forgive you Laura and I understand you. Yes I'll always be in your life but Rachel won't be...unless you go now and try to convince her."

"Are you for real, you aren't mad at me?"

"Yes, but only a little, go now Laura and fight for her, as for me I know you're right I will find my true love someday." Natasha gave me a kiss on the cheek as she put her coat on and turned around to look at me, "I'm going to take a vacation Laura, I'm going to be gone by the time you get back tonight so this is a goodbye until next time."

I walked up to Natasha and gave her a hug before letting her go, "Thank you Tasha." I said as I saw Natasha walking out my door, as for me I needed some shoes. I didn't know where Rachel was so I decided to call her and because she didn't answer I called Ron. 

"Hey Ron is Rachel there?"

"Hey Laura, nope she's not here, she said she wanted to spend the last night as a single woman alone at her place. You might find her there."

"Oh alright thank you Ron, bye." I hung up and headed outside. I got into my Ferrari and drove in record speed to her house. I had no clue as to what to say but I had to try on last time. I walked up her steps and knocked, the place was dark and I was fixing to leave when she finally opened the door. 

"What are you doing here Laura?" Rachel said as I noticed how horrible she looked. Her eyes were red and puffy and her shirt was covered with food.

"I had to try Rachel, you can't marry him." I said pleadingly.

"I told you I'm marrying him Laura and I'm not switching my mind."

"But you love me Rachel, you won't be happy with him."

"Pease leave Laura." Rachel said as she began to close the door.

"Fuck this." I said as I pushed past her door, which startled her long enough for me to shut the door and lock it. 

"What the fuck are you..." Rachel began to say before I walked up to her and pushed her against the wall. I moved my hand until I was cupping the back of her neck and then I kissed her with all the love I had. I kissed her it seemed forever, her hands moved upwards until she had them intertwined behind my neck and she began to kiss me back deeper with fire. I moved my hands downward and tried to pull her shirt off unsuccessfully so I ended up tearing it apart, I moved my body closer to hers, moving my hands to her ass and lifting her up until her legs were hugging my hips, I couldn't help pushing her against the wall a bit rougher and pressing myself against her until she began to run her nails through my hair and down my back. Rachel moved her hands downwards unbuttoning my jeans so that she could pull my shirt out and over my head; I kissed her, my tongue dancing with hers in a rhythm. By now we had gotten to the point where we were both naked. I moved my hand in between us and began to rub her clit slowly causing her head to move back and her back to arch. Rachel was moaning which led me to increase my rubbing on her clit. With my other hand I had my strap on in my hand and began rubbing the tip of my dildo on her pussy causing her to grip my shoulders harder. By now I was so far gone and began to slide my dildo in her pussy inch by inch until all nine inches were deep in her pussy. I had one hand supporting me against the wall and the other hand was on her ass to support her weight up as I slid my dick in and out of her pussy. We were both looking as it went in and out of her pussy until I cut her view by lowering my head to her nipple to suck on. My tongue was circling each nipple for a while before trading and sucking. I began to fuck Rachel harder and deeper as I rubbed her clit, I moved my mouth back up till I was nibbling on her neck one of her hands rubbing my back while the other one was just making a nest out of my hair. I moved my lips upward until I was kissing her slowly and gently, my hips moving faster and her nails trailing down my back as she began to cum. Rachel finally rested her hands on my ass and screamed out my name as I bit her neck and moved deeper into her pussy causing her to move her head back and forth, finally after a few minutes we calmed down and I laid her on her carpet, both of us naked holding onto each other.

"Why did you come back Laura?"

"Because I had to try Rachel." I whispered.

"This doesn't change anything..." I heard Rachel whisper back to me and I felt my heart tare into a million pieces. I remember when I was younger there was this time I almost drowned in a lake and this is exactly how I was feeling again. I was suffocating; there was no air for me to breath. I moved away from Rachel and began to put my clothes back on. After I had all my clothes on I kneeled next to her and gave her a soft kiss just my lips moving against hers, then I gave her a deep, hard, passionate kiss sliding my tongue in between her lips and kissing her lips for the last time. I didn't cry, I didn't do much except get up and walk to the door, I turned around and saw Rachel laying there on the carpet naked, her hair spread around her hair, I looked at her with all my love in my heart and said my last three words to her. 

"I love you." I said with so much emotion like never before but I walked out in the end. I went to my Ferrari got my iPod put my earplugs on and listened to Taking Back My Love by Enrique Iglesias and headed home. 

I laid on my bed awake until the next day, it was Rachel's wedding day and I had made up my mind. I got up packed some clothes, put my suitcase in the trunk and drove away. I drove for four hours and finally stopped in the middle of the road, there was no one around, and I sat there thinking. Rachel's wedding was about to start in three hours and I was four hours away. 

I was about to drive of again, but I decided to turn on the radio and I heard it, it was the sign. I made a U turn and drove back to the wedding. I had about three hours to get there. I smiled as I drove, I was about to break some speeding limits and I didn't give a fuck.

"I'm coming back for you Rachel!" I screamed out, here I was driving back with a smile on my face, a heart ready to fight, and Enrique Iglesias's song Finally Found You playing on the radio, damn I was one crazy person in love ready to crash a wedding for the woman I loved.