 I've been so grateful to have such fantastic feedback from this little series thus far (the first two are 'Struggling to Sleep' and 'Her Mind Wanders...' if you've not seen them yet -- I'm still working on changing the titles to make them a definite series) and I would love it if you could keep your comments coming. It's important to me to write what people want to read, so let me know what you like or think could be improved! Happy reading ;)

----------------

The first glimpses of grey morning streamed through the crack in the curtains, casting a sliver of pale light over Laura's face. She furrowed her brow against the intrusion into her sleeping mind and blinked blearily, checking her alarm clock. Quarter past five in the morning. She didn't have to be up for another four hours and she hated being woken early for no reason. But she'd been sleeping lightly and it was no surprise that this little shaft of dawn had dragged her in consciousness. She sighed and rolled over in bed, turning her back to the window that was on the other side of the room above Alice's bed. It didn't help though. Even though she was no longer disturbed by the light, she was most definitely awake now, no matter how much she tried to trick her mind back into sleep. Damn it.

She flipped back onto her back, staring at the night-time patterns on the ceiling on their shared room. She couldn't get up yet and risk disturbing Alice. And she'd been worn out by lunchtime if she got out of bed this early and started her day. Ugh. She turned her head and looked over at Alice's dozing form. Lucky bitch was still fast asleep. Laura could see her shoulder rising and falling in a steady sleepy rhythm, and hear the gentle puff of her breathing. She turned her face back to the ceiling and moved one arm to cover her eyes. It wasn't often that the two girls ended up sleeping in the room at the same time, but it meant that they both had to wear pyjamas to sleep in...a compromise they'd come to out of a sense of decency. It was no wonder Laura couldn't sleep, feeling so constricted by her flannel trousers and tight white vest. 

A thought occurred to her. It wasn't often that they were both together in the room, but it was even less frequent that she was presented with so many uninterrupted hours while they were both around. Alice's presence normally meant she had to be extra careful about what she was doing at all times, constantly worried about the girl bursting in after a shower that took less time than they'd both anticipated or something similar. After last time Alice had caught Laura unawares -- as fun as that had been -- Laura had been especially on her guard whenever her roommate was liable to walk in. But here was a golden opportunity. She knew Alice was a heavy sleeper and she could control herself enough to be quiet...she hoped. As soon as the idea occurred to her, there began a little tickle of heat between her thighs. What was the harm? It would make her calmer for the day ahead, maybe tire her out for another couple of hours sleep, tide her over for a little while until she next got a chance for some alone time...there were no flaws to this plan.

Laura's breathing was already getting a little heavier at the thought of the excitement ahead. She wasn't attracted to girls (although she had to admit that Alice was particularly pretty with an impressive rack...hey, sometimes girls notice these things!) and she was hardly an exhibitionist, but the idea that she might get caught had always been one that thrilled her a little. One of her hands was resting on her stomach underneath her vest top and her fingers began to absent-mindedly stroke the smooth skin there. Little goosebumps were already rising around the place she was caressing and she slid her hand a little lower, stroking the space between her slightly prominent hipbones. She found her legs instinctively parted a little at the gentle teasing touches, knowing what was bound to come next. She closed her eyes and focussed all her attention on the tickle of her fingertips.

Already she could feel her nipples hardening under the thin white cotton of her vest and her free hand moved to palm her breasts through the fabric, the extra friction making her shiver a little. She slid her hand into her top, taking her breast in her hand and giving it a squeeze. Normally she was much rougher, tweaking and tugging her nipples until they were almost sore, but that was guaranteed to make her cry out. And she needed to be as quiet as possible, so instead she gently massaged the fullness of her breast, making sure to stimulate her perky little nipple as she did so. Her legs shifted wider again as the hand that had been on her stomach moved a little further now, now lightly stroking the soft sensitive skin of her inner thighs. The tingle of heat just inches from her fingertips was intensifying and she shivered again. Her nipples were hard now, rubbing against her vest in such a tantalising way and Laura thought for a moment that maybe wearing clothes to sleep in wasn't too bad. Not something she'd do habitually if she had the choice, but it wasn't all that bad. There were some benefits. She moved her hand from her breast and arched her back a little, pressing her rocky nipples against the friction of her vest and biting down on her lip to suppress a little murmur of pleasure. Silence was key here.

She let her fingers creep higher, still teasing the creamy smoothness of her thighs until they reached the neatly trimmed patch of hair between her legs. She slid a finger along her already wet slit, collecting a little of her juice as she went along before licking her finger clean. There was something deliciously naughty about tasting herself and she found herself more aroused than ever as she lowered her hand back to the heat between her legs. It was all she could do not to let out a low groan as she finally applied pressure to her desperate little clit, which had been crying out for attention since this idea materialised in her head. She began to rub slow tight circles onto the aching nub, not quite as roughly as she usually did but eliciting just as much pleasure. Her legs spread wider, giving her easier access, and her hips raised themselves upwards as she toyed with herself. Her breathing was heavier now and waves of pleasure began to radiate outwards, warming her whole body as her hand became more insistent and a touch faster. She allowed herself a deep exhale, blowing out her breath quietly in an attempt to stop herself moaning aloud. Her front teeth bit down hard on her plump lower lip and she let out a tiny stifled "mmm", a moan that couldn't quite escape her teeth. It sounded loud in the silent room but it couldn't have been more than a murmur. Regardless, Laura turned her head to check on Alice.

What she saw caught her by surprise. Alice's shadowy form, still not truly visible in the darkness of the early hours, had changed position and the breathing was heavier and quicker. Laura could see her roommate was now lying on her back, her chest rising and falling in a laboured way. There was another movement as well halfway down the bed, regular and rhythmic. Laura could hardly believe her eyes. It looked for all the world as though Alice's hand was buried between her legs and moving quickly in the way Laura's was. She squinted a little closer, praying that Alice wouldn't notice. Her suspicions were confirmed when Alice's free hand moved from under the blankets -- where Laura supposed it must have been caressing those full round breasts -- to grasp the railings of the bedframe above her head. The blankets moved upwards and Laura could just imagine her roommate's slim hips bucking in pleasure. She turned her head back to stare at the ceiling, trying to decide what to do. It was very possible that Alice didn't know they were both awake and doing exactly the same thing. Laura could just roll over and pretend to be asleep until Alice had finished and dozed off again. But the tingle between her legs was persistent and she realised the surprise had stilled her hand...and she was craving her own touch even more than before. The thought of Alice, just feet away in her own bed, masturbating silently and hoping Laura wouldn't notice was too much for her to resist.

'It would be silly to stop now,' she thought. 'Even if Alice knows I'm awake, she clearly doesn't mind or she wouldn't be playing with herself...God, imagine her playing with herself...' The thought made Laura's fingers resume their work much harder than before and it was difficult to repress a moan. But now she knew Alice was awake, the stakes were higher. She could only make a sound if Alice did, she decided. She couldn't be the first to make the situation obvious. Right. Silence was always the key, that's fine. She closed her eyes and all she could see in her head was Alice...but not Alice wrapped in blankets and secretly rubbing her clit, not making a sound. She imagined Alice in all her naked glory, spread wide and moaning loud as she masturbated furiously. The thought made Laura curse her own imagination, but it turned her on so damn much that she couldn't repress it. 

She heard a long low exhalation, just like she had given earlier, and she felt her muscles tense. She wouldn't last much longer now she knew what was happening in the same room, she could guarantee it. So, throwing caution to the winds, she slid two fingers deep inside her and risked giving a little murmur of pleasure. She thrust her fingers deep inside herself, her other hand roughly circling her desperate little clit. Her hips bucked a little and she silently thanked the Lord that her bed didn't squeak and give her away. She could hear Alice's breathing now, rapid and heavy, and she was certain that her roommate too was fucking herself. Hard. Laura's pushed her fingers deeper, curling them to press against her G-spot and dug her teeth hard into her lower lip, desperate not to make a sound. She risked glancing to the side and her gaze lingered on Alice for a moment.

Her heart nearly stopped as Alice turned her head too and the pair made eye contact. Laura nearly shut her eyes tight and stayed still, although she now knew that any pretence of sleep would be futile. But something in the darkness of Alice's gaze made her carry on. The two girls maintained eye contact and Alice's lips curved into a little smile. Laura felt the heat between her legs growing into an almost unbearable fire as Alice roughly manipulated one of her large breasts through the baggy T-shirt she slept in. Suddenly, Alice's hips gave an almighty twitch and her eyes fell shut. Laura knew what was happening and it was enough to send her over the edge, wave upon wave of hot orgasmic pleasure rolling through her whole body. She forced her own eyes to stay open and the twitches and convulsions rocking Alice's slim frame made her own even stronger. Both girls were still working between their legs hungrily as the rode out of the crashing orgasms that wracked their bodies. Alice, eyes still closed, gave a little mewl of pleasure and Laura could do little to hold back her own answering moan. She was shaking, her body slick with sweat and her own juices, as she gave her sensitive little clit one last stroke which caused her back to arch and another moan to issue from her throat, a little louder this time. The agonising pleasure was increased by the fact that Alice's chest was heaving, her breathing slowing down and her body clearly spent. Laura noticed that her roommate was still giving her hard nipples, visible as little tents in her T-shirt, little teasing strokes and shuddering with each one. 

Then Alice rolled over, turning her back on the room. Laura lay on her back, feeling sticky and sweet as the last glow of her orgasm flushed her body. 'Well,' she thought. 'That was...interesting.' She could still see Alice's smile as the two girls watched each other's faces as they fucked themselves silly. Something told her that their friendship might be a little altered from this point onwards.