 Laura is the love of my life. I have gotten to known her over the last ten years or so. She is truly an exceptional woman. Blessed with a beautiful face that is capable of expressing so much without a single spoken word. When she smiles, she usually shows her kind and caring nature. Other times, conveying her strength, seductiveness, and cunning. Sometimes all at once. She speaks in a sweet tone with the eloquence of a skilled orator. Standing 5 foot 4, she has fabulously shapely legs topped with strong, full, womanly thighs. She often wears heels or boots that greatly accentuate both. Her deep blue eyes and her soft, lovely skin compliment her flowing red hair. Her complexion is light, but not pale, with freckles most prominently featured on her shoulders, upper arms and breasts. And oh, did I say breasts? 38F with large, prominent nipples that when erect become thick and over 1/2 inch long. When pleasured, they can be the source of some of her most intense orgasms. I'm getting carried way here my tale will offer more insight into this remarkable woman.

The following story is fictional. The characters exist, but all of their names have been changed, with the exception of my love, Laura.

* 

It was a week before Christmas. Laura runs a retail store that features the kind of upscale merchandise targeted toward upper-income women and their homes. I use the word runs because while she is the store manager, she does so much more. She is an older sister, mentor, friend and disciplinarian. In her 30's, she is young enough to relate to and guide her mostly college age staff. As a mother she can empathize with the women her age or older who face, or had faced, the challenges of being a working parent. She has the maturity and the balls to keep unruly, bitchy, abusive customers in line while having the charm and persuasiveness to win the hearts and wallets of the more agreeable customers. She has the insight and control to guide desperate men seeking last minute gifts for the little lady at home to spend too much on presents that would no doubt bring a smile when given. I don't doubt that when these guys were getting their thank you lay later that night, many of them were thinking of Laura while screwing the wife. She carries herself with an unassuming elegance and confidence that, no matter what the setting, she often finds herself the center of attention. Women and men alike want to be around her. They care about what she thinks, who she is and are drawn to her. Many of both sexes even wish they could be fucked by her. People are attracted to Laura. She is amazing. She is a leader. 

That brings us to what I now kiddingly refer to as " the incident".

It was closing time and the usual activities were taking place. Being as this was the busiest time of the year, there was extra staffing to close the store this particular night. Laura had a long day and was a little fatigued. Her feet were a sore from wearing the new black pumps she had bought the night before. But it was worth it as the not only did they do a great job of showcasing her sexy legs but also exposed her toes with their freshly painted red nails as well as that sexy toe ring she has always worn. Laura had decided to utilize the three employees and the assistant that were working tonight to close the store. She would retire to the stock room where her desk was to complete some paperwork and, while she was at it, put her feet up on a couple of boxes.

After about 10 minutes or so, one of her salespeople, Amanda, came in to get some fresh inventory to restock one of the many bare shelves out front. Amanda had a trying day herself. In her early 20's, the smart, pretty brunette was somewhat demure and easily intimidated. Earlier that day some bitchy executive fresh from a lousy day at work, wearing her best power suit as well as a bad attitude, had given Amanda quite a hard time. Laura had stepped in and faced this woman down before eventually winning her over. Amanda was both grateful and quite impressed. 

Amanda saw the fatigued look on Laura's face as she was rubbing one of her sore, shoeless feet. She knelt down and started to massage the other foot.

An amused Laura asked, "What do you think you are doing?" 

Amanda sweetly and innocently answered, "I thought you might appreciate a little help." 

Laura quickly explained that this was not necessary to which Amanda explained that this was the least she could do for Laura given not only her help earlier but the other kindnesses she had extended during Amanda's employment there. 

With that Amanda briefly disappeared only to return with a tube of one of the massage creams the store carries.

Amanda went back to work on Laura's feet and it felt wonderful.

Looking up from her kneeling position and gazed admiringly into Laura's eyes, "I am so impressed with how you carry yourself and what an intelligent, strong and powerful woman you are." Amanda explained in a soft and sincere tone. "We are all so grateful for your leadership and compassion." Now conveying not only her own feelings toward her boss, but those of the other women who work for Laura. 

Laura just closed her eyes and grinned. She was in heaven. Her feet felt wonderful and she secretly loved getting her ego stroked. Even though she was not attracted to women, she was secretly, slightly aroused. 

Laura noticed that the foot massage had traveled a little bit north to her ankles and eventually her calves. 

Gazing down towards Amanda Laura softly commanded, " Keep going. That feels fucking wonderful." 

Just then, her assistant walked into the storeroom. Joan was stunned at what she saw. She did not expect to find Laura reclined in her chair with her feet up like a queen. Her salesperson carefully, respectfully, almost lovingly, began rubbing and caressing her shapely legs and sexy feet. Gazing upward toward Laura's lovely face, sweetly speaking words of admiration and respect.

Joan was about 40 and not especially attractive, yet cute in her own way with this spunkiness, energy and infectious humor that always made Laura smile. She clearly respected Laura as a boss and leader, and loved the friendship that had blossomed between them. 

Clearing her throat upon entering the room, she caught the attention of both women. Laura just gave Joan that stare. The one that Joan knew so well. It conveyed a sense of self-assuredness and confidence. Hell, even slight arrogance. Laura then turned to Amanda and smiled while gesturing with her hand for Amanda to continue. 

Joan turned toward Laura and started walking around the chair, positioning herself behind Laura. She placed her hands on Laura's shoulders and started carefully rubbing them while also caressing Laura's graceful neck. 

Joan smiled slightly, explaining to Laura, "I myself always enjoy a good shoulder rub." as she carefully started to knead and caress her shapely, womanly yet strong and broad shoulders. 

Shoulders that diminutive Joan always relied on to lift and carry cases of stock too heavy to carry herself. She always admired Laura's beauty. Found her strength somewhat intriguing and intimidating, secretly delighting at this chance to stroke her lovely skin if only for a few moments. Laura tilted her head to one side and moaned ever so slightly.

This was so luxuriant, so relaxing, so unexpected. Laura felt her pussy get warm and her large clit begin to become erect and hard. Soon, she thought to herself, this would have to stop before it got out of hand. Clearly, these two women would avail themselves to Laura for whatever pleasure she would ask of them.

Joan continued speaking softly to Laura. Almost down to a whisper that Amanda couldn't hear. 

"Laura, you are so beautiful and graceful." Whispered Joan "Thank you for your kindness, patience and direction" Joan continued, echoing some of the same thoughts Amanda had shared just moments earlier. 

Laura really had not given this aspect of her relationship with these women any thought to this point. She was pleased, surprised and found the respect for her authority and leadership somewhat arousing. 

Joan subconsciously sought, longed for and responded to the direction Laura provided her. She welcomed this chance to show her appreciation and respect to Laura. 

Whispering, Joan asked, "Please undo the top two buttons on your blouse" in an almost reverent tone. 

Laura silently responded by reaching down between her ample tits and undid her buttons. Joan then slid her hands down Laura's blouse and started massaging the soft, freckled skin, which gracefully sloped from her shoulders to her chest. She worked her way down to Laura's strong pectoral muscles that resided just above and behind her beautiful, enormous breasts. 

Laura gasped slightly as Joan cupped her enormous tits. Laura tilted her head back and uttered a moan of pronounced delight as Joan was now manipulating her erect nipples through Laura's bra.

Amanda thought that the activity going on above her head was, while still seemingly innocent, exciting to behold and provided just enough guile and motivation to the now aroused salesclerk to act on her true feelings of subservience and desire. She started simultaneously rubbing Laura's firm, shapely thighs and kissing her toes, feet and legs. Laura could feel herself getting pretty fucking worked up. Laura feared that threshold of restraint had been crossed.

Amanda looked up a couple of minutes later and noticed that Joan was stroking Laura's beautiful, full breasts and even teasing her huge nipples as Joan had managed to remove Laura's bra. She was all in now as Laura was giggling and moaning with delight with her thighs slightly parted. Amanda gazed upward under Laura's black skirt to see that Laura had not worn any underwear. 

The fact was that Laura never wears underwear as she despises panty lines and finds thongs to be uncomfortable. This left her boss' red bush, wet pussy and protruding, erect clit in her plain view. The sight of her womanhood was more than Amanda could resist as she slowly hiked up Laura's skirt and firmly massaged her thighs. She gazed at Laura's clit with amazement. It appeared to be almost as large as her boyfriend's modest cock. She knew right then what must be done. The ultimate gesture of appreciation, respect and arousal. She knew she had to have her lips wrapped around it, to taste and pleasure it, to suck it like she had sucked her man's cock just the night before. 

Laura found herself beyond the point of restraint and completely caught up in the moment. 

Spreading her thighs further apart and undoing her skirt while Joan was kneading and sucking on her huge tits, she firmly instructed "Amanda, eat my pussy and suck on my hard clit." 

With that, she pulled Amanda's hungry mouth towards her dripping wet cunt by her hair. 

Having these two grown women pleasuring her body in an almost reverent way, with four hands squeezing, stroking, pinching and rubbing erogenous zones all over her body made Laura feel even more powerful. More confident. More desirable. 

Laura moaned "Oh my god, I'm going to cum so hard," and spiraled into the first of several intense orgasms. Amanda's face was soaked with her sweet nectar.

Amanda rose from beneath Laura, reaching for the breast that Joan wasn't working on and placed the large, hard nipple in her mouth. She hungrily sucked on it while pulling her breast into her face, almost as if she was completely hiding her face in it. Meanwhile, Joan was actively stuffing as much of Laura's other breast in her mouth as she could. 

Laura sat back in her chair while the two employees serviced her huge tits, thinking about how wonderful this was. To have the admiration, respect and, apparently, the desire of these two women. Laura had not harbored any previous attraction to women, possibly still not. What made her hot, beyond the basic physical stimulation that was taking place now, was the feeling of exhalation and power that was overwhelming her. Sure she had many occasions where men and even the occasional woman would hit on her. After all, those moments fed into that tremendous sense of self-confidence she projected. But the of power that she now felt over these two women was downright intoxicating! 

She decided to test this power and expand the pleasure being offered. 

Laura pushed Amanda's face away from her tit. In a gentle yet firm tone, knowing that another orgasm was imminent, Laura commanded, " Fuck me with your fingers now, I need to cum again." 

Amanda tentatively inserted her index finger. This would never do. 

In a more forceful and urgent tone, Laura demanded, "stroke my wet cunt with three or four fingers!" 

Within a few strokes, Amanda was now fisting her demanding, sexy, lustful boss' sopping wet cunt. Laura was a wild woman now with a full pussy and the heady knowledge of complete power over these women. She never felt more alive, powerful or sexy. 

Laura forcefully pushed Joan's head down next to Amanda's hand and pushed it against her engorged, throbbing clit. Joan reacted immediately, licking and sucking on it like a possessed woman. 

Laura was cascading now from orgasm to orgasm, moaning and screaming loudly as these two women slaved over her sex in a most lavish fashion.

Just then, with all of this commotion, the third employee walked into the room. 

Heather was a pain in the ass. 20, beautiful, blond and very spoiled. She never did her job well, usually just doing the minimum. Her attendance was spotty and she was not liked by any of the other employees. Laura tolerated her because she was a temporary hire for the holidays, and would be written off the store's schedule in another week. Heather was in total shock as to what she saw. 

Immediately, she started to loudly protest, "What the fuck! Oh my god! I'm calling Vanessa right now!" 

Vanessa was Laura's area manager. This just pissed all three women off.

Joan leapt to her feet and grabbed Heather forcefully by her arm and her hair, forcing her to her knees in front of their beloved boss. 

Joan growled at Heather " We, as well as the rest of the staff, love and respect Laura. We have had enough of your shit. Enough of your disrespect for the store, us and especially Laura." 

Joan then grabbed the stunned Heather by her scalp and forcefully pressed her face against her up turned ass. 

The normally demure Amanda then shocked everyone shouting "Heather, you should feel honored to kiss Laura's ass! Eat her asshole. We want to see you fuck her ass with your tongue."

Joan, always Laura's enforcer, growled "or we will kick your brat ass." 

Overwhelmed by the anger, and aroused by the total eroticism of what was happening, she succumbed to the demands of Joan, Amanda and the total sexiness and near hypnotic power Laura was projecting. She slavishly kissed Laura's ass and drove her tongue deep into Laura's pink asshole. As she tongue fucked her boss' ass, Laura's soaking wet pussy actually started squirting copious amounts of her sweet cum right at Heathers forehead! The others just stared in amazement and awe . . .

It was now well over an hour after closing time. In my car, I waited in the dark parking lot. Outside of the store. Waiting for my love to join me for a drink and tell me about her long day at work. Then I saw a familiar sight. Laura, following her girls, exiting the store. Locking the door. Finally, my love was walking toward the car, with that same beautiful smile. That same familiar, confident stride. Even more so . . .