 As I sat with Laura on the couch in her hotel suite, I didn't know how close to sit as it had been almost 2 years since we had seen each other. It had been a difficult 2 years for me since she had ended the relationship. I sat on the far right end and she had settled herself on the far left. After pouring the wine, we fell into easy conversation about her new career opportunity. I felt myself getting more and more at ease. We had said no expectations when we talked before she had come to town. 

But as we talked, I could feel her gaze get deeper. When I looked at her, I wanted so much to reach over and take her in my arms like I had so many times before. I was waiting to see if she would make any moves toward that and so far, her actions had leaned toward just talking. 

Then it happened. 

She reached out and asked me for a hug because the hug we had when we first saw each other was quick. 

"Oh, you want a hug from lil old me?" I asked smiling. 

"You hugged me so quickly downstairs and I want a proper one now" she replied smiling. 

Gladly I went to her. Moving over the space between us I wrapped my arms around her, and held her close. I could feel how firm her body had become from the yoga classes she had been taking. I could feel her heartbeat through my shirt and closed my eyes. Turning my head I gave her a soft kiss on her neck and smiled against her skin. She held me tighter and I heard her breathe a soft deep sigh. 

"This is what I missed." Laura said quietly. "I missed this with you." 

"I missed you too, beautiful." I whispered back with my lips brushing the smooth skin on her shoulder. 

I lifted my head and propped myself up on my elbow. Looking into her eyes I just had to kiss her. She had a way with me that made me want her so much. Leaning in I gave her cheek a soft kiss. Pulling away just a little bit, she turned her head to look at me and smiled that amazing smile. Bringing her lips to mine she gave me the softest of kisses. I felt her lips cover mine and it all came back to me. Our kiss was slow, tender, and I could feel the intensity rising in the both of us. I brought my hand up to her cheek and gently stroked her chin as I let my lips move over hers. The softness of them caused a stirring between my thighs that was so very familiar. 

Our kiss deepened and I let my tongue tease hers. The warmth of her mouth caused urgency in me that I hadn't felt in so long. Pressing my body into her, I brought my hand down to gently squeeze her side and moved it slowly up and down. My thumb brushed the side of her breast through her shirt and I could feel her upper body rise up slightly. Knowing her body so well, I knew that this meant she wanted more. 

Rising up on my hands I tilted my head to the side and let my long brown hair fall over my left shoulder. Looking deep into her soft blue eyes I searched for the same thing I was feeling. And there it was. What I had wanted to see again for so long. She had the same want in her eyes as I had in mine. 

Bringing my right hand up I slid the tip of my index finger slowly around her breast. Her bra was soft and I could feel the hardness of her nipple through the cloth of her shirt. My eyes followed the circular motion of my finger, and I heard a low moan come from her throat. Sliding my hand down and lifting her shirt I brushed my fingertips up over the flatness of her stomach. My hand found its way up to her bra and I slid my fingertip just under the support. She lifted her upper body to give me better access, and as she did she reached down and pulled her shirt up and off. She lay there with just her bra on and her jeans. Tossing her shirt to the side, she watched as I leaned my head down to kiss her soft smooth skin just above where the bra covered part of her breast. I placed soft kisses over the top of her right breast and made a slow trail over to her left breast. I felt her breath quicken when I used my tongue to tease the surface of her skin. She was warm and I could feel the heat of her body that just fuelled my want for her. 

Reaching behind her I lifted her slightly so I could remove her bra. As I did, she whispered "This time it's not just me who gets undressed". With that she reached over and slid her hands under my shirt and pulled it up. Helping her, I slid it off my shoulders and over my head. She took a deep breath in and I heard her soft whisper of "yes oh yes, this is what I want". I reached behind me and removed my bra exposing my very full double D breasts and very erect nipples. 

Laura lifted her head and cradled my breasts with her warm hands. As she kissed gently around my nipples I supported myself on my hands I looked down and watched her. Licking my lips, I felt the wetness between my thighs. I knew I wanted those lips on my pussy, but I held back not sure of how far we were going to take this. 

I let out a soft moan as she took turns taking each nipple between her teeth. My hips began to move involuntarily and I felt my body respond as it always had. 

"Oh god yes Laura" I groaned as I watched her tongue and her teeth work over my nipples. "Fuck I love watching you do that!"

She was driving me crazy and I knew I had to have a turn with her breasts. Reaching up and grabbing her hair firmly, I pulled her mouth away from the torturous ecstasy that she was putting me through. 

"My turn" I whispered as I smiled at her and saw her half lidded eyes, glazed over with desire that I knew I was bringing on. 

Lowering my head I flicked my tongue just over her right nipple. I watched it twitch and licked slowly around it letting my tongue trace a slow circle. Cupping her breast with my right hand I took her nipple into my mouth and sucked it between my teeth. Holding it there, I swirled my tongue around it and felt her hands grip my shoulders. 

"Fuck, Carrie! God I missed this with you" she breathed and watched me manipulate her nipple into a hard peak. "Only you make me feel this way! Its only ever been you who could do this to me"

Smiling, I cupped her left breast and continued to do the same with it as I did with her right one. Filling my hand with the fullness, I sucked and nibbled, loving the feel of her breast filling my mouth. 

"I love this with you" I rasped and took both breasts in my hands and flicked my tongue over each nipple moving back and forth. I could feel the warm wetness on her skin and knew I wanted more. I was going to have more. 

Her hips continued to rise up and down, and her hands gripped tighter. Feeling her nails dig into my skin I released her breasts. Lifting my head I reached down and undid the button on her jeans. "I want to taste you Laura." 

"God yes Carrie. Fuck I want your tongue inside me" she whispered breathlessly as she lifted her hips to allow me to slide her jeans off. Sitting back on my legs, I took them down and off and caught my breath. She had the most amazing body I had ever seen. Firm where she should be and soft in the places that I knew with my eyes closed. She reached down and was about to remove her thong but I stopped her hands and said "No not yet. I just want to look at you"

As she lay there, I took in all of her. Her thighs were firm, her stomach flat, and her breasts full and swollen from my teasing and caressing. Sliding my fingertips over her shoulders, I watched her face as I grazed them slowly down the length of her. Stopping only for a moment at her breasts and making wide circles around them. Her breathing deepened and I continued my exploration down her body. I felt her tremble slightly as I let the tip of my index fingers slide just along the inside of her thighs. Her legs spread for me and I positioned myself between them on my knees. Bending down, I lifted her right leg and placed soft kisses along the inside of her thigh, making my way slowly up. My tongue traced a soft line to the material covering her pussy. Smiling I moved it to the side and flicked the tip of my tongue over her exposed clit and felt her hips jerk upwards. 

"Fuck Carrie! Oh god your tongue!" she cried out and lifted her hips to give me access. 

Reaching up I slid her thong off and bent down again as she wrapped her legs around my shoulders. Sliding my hands under her ass I blew softly on her very wet, very smooth pussy. Licking my lips I slid my tongue up and down her lips, and heard her moan loudly. 

I looked up at her and said huskily "I want you to watch me. I want you to remember this and see me when you close your eyes Laura." 

"Oh yes Carrie. Don't stop. I want your tongue inside me." she said as she brought her hands to my hair and pressed my lips closer to her pussy. 

Giving her what we both wanted, I brought my hands up from under her ass and parted her pussy lips with my fingertips and licked slowly around her hard clit. 

"Mmm fuck yes! God that feels incredible!" she moaned and moved her hips up and down. Taking her clit between my teeth I nibbled gently knowing how sensitive it would be. Her hips rose and ground my lips on her pussy and I sucked her clit into my mouth. Sucking it deeper I could feel her close to cumming. Releasing her clit, I slid my index finger slowly inside her. She soaked my finger immediately and I slid it slowly in and out, going deeper each time I entered her. Her hips matched her panting and she cried out. "OH fuck Carrie, fuck don't stop. Your tongue! I want your tongue!" 

With my lips wet from her tight and flowing pussy, I took my finger out and slid the tip of my tongue inside her. With my fingertip, I teased her clit and thrust my tongue in and out, going faster matching the rhythm of her hips. Her hands were in my hair, pushing my head closer. "Come on baby! Fuck yes tongue fuck me!" she yelled out through gritted teeth watching me. Her hips thrust up and down and I felt her pussy tighten, and felt her juices flow over my lips. Feeling her explosive orgasm, I buried my tongue deep inside her and wiggled it letting myself get the full effect of it. My hands gripped her ass from underneath and I held her to my mouth. Her hips banged against my chin, and I moaned against her pussy, sucking in all that I could through the intensity of her climax.

"Oh god! Oh god yeah! Carrie! Carrie fuck don't stop!" she cried out as I wiggled my tongue deeper inside her. I had difficulty keeping my tongue inside her from the desperateness of her hip thrusts. "Baby! Fuck yeah! Holy fuck Carrie please! Oh god you're driving me crazy!" 

She came again and I switched my tongue with my finger and thrust it in and out faster and harder. Bringing my mouth to her clit, I sucked it deep and fingered her swollen tight pussy until she soaked my finger. "Carrie! OHH OH fuck!" I could feel her pussy squeeze and contract around my finger as her orgasm came to a peak and then slowed. My breath came in short pants and I had almost cum too without even touching myself. I loved tongue fucking her and I wanted to do it for as long as she let me. She tasted so good on my lips and to have her one last time, I wanted to make it memorable for both of us. 

Slowly I slid my finger from her very hot and very wet pussy. I felt her body jerk and looked up at her. Her eyes were closed, her head thrown back and her arms were resting beside her head. I saw the rise and fall of her breasts and knew she was totally satisfied. Her breathing slowed to an even rhythm and I heard her whisper "Oh my god Carrie. Oh my god that was fucking amazing"

I rested my head on her thigh and got control of my breathing, gently sliding my fingers up and down her calf. "You're god damn hot Laura. Oh my god I love doing this with you" I said as I smiled up at her. 

"Mm, oh me too baby. Me too." She answered as she opened her eyes and looked down at me. "Wow. That was incredible."

As we lay there she reached down and ran her fingers through my hair. Smiling, she winked and said "Your turn"...