 Part II - My Turn

After having tasted Laura and felt her in my arms again, I smiled and moved my way up her body letting my nipples graze her skin. When I reached eye level with her, I leaned on my hands and looked down the length of her soft firmly shaped body. When she had said it was my turn, I felt the heat between my thighs and knew I wanted her to take me the way I had her. But I hadn't come prepared for this and was a little unsure of how to tell her. 

"I missed you so much baby" I said as I smiled down at her, letting my hair fall over my shoulders. "I don't know what to say. I didn't know this was actually going to happen" 

Smiling, she looked up at me. She brought her hand to my hair, pulling it back so she could see my face.

"Really?" She asked "You didn't think it would, even a little bit?"

"No. We had said no expectations remember?" I replied letting out a small sigh.

"I couldn't help myself" she said and lifted her mouth to mine and gave me a soft kiss. "I want you"

As I looked down at her I only had one thought: I want her to have me. I don't care what happens I just want to be with her again. 

Moving off my hands, I leaned back on my knees and took her hands in mine, pulling her up to meet me. She wrapped her strong legs around my waist and straddled me. Running my hand through her beautiful blond hair, I brought my lips to hers and kissed her full and deep. I tasted her mouth and let my tongue find hers. Her arms slid around my shoulders and she pulled me closer to feel my breasts on hers. My lips moved over hers, our tongues tasted and teased each other's for what seemed like forever. I leaned back, but our lips never separated. I brought her down on top of me as I laid my head back on the arm rest of the couch. She moved between my legs and held my hands in hers and kissed me deeper. Her lips pressed hard on mine and our breathing had become quick and ragged. Releasing my hands, she moved quickly and brought her hands down to undo my jeans. Watching my reaction she didn't take her eyes off mine. Once she had my button undone, she slid down the zipper and slid her right hand inside my jeans between my thighs. She let out a passionate sigh and her eyes shone in the dim light of the room. 

"Oh god Carrie" she whispered. "You're so wet baby." 

She moved her index finger over my clit as her hand strained a little from the restraining material of my jeans. "I want this" she said as she slid the tip of her finger inside my hot drenched pussy. 

I never took my eyes off of hers as we looked intently at each other. It drove me crazy to see the desire in her eyes and she knew it. She loved when I watched her touch me. 

"It's yours, Laura." I said breathlessly as she slid the tip of her finger in and out of my very tight hole. 

Pulling her hand out of my jeans, she moved back and slid them off my hips and off my legs. Tossing them off to the side, she moved back over me. I felt her nipples brush the skin of my stomach and then on my own nipples. They were hard and they teased mine bringing mine to hard peaks. She moved slowly back and forth and I watched as her nipples ran over mine over and over. 

"God dammit Laura! Fuck I want you" I let out and grabbed her hips, digging my fingertips into her skin. "I want your tongue inside me"

Smiling, she let out a small giggle. "How does it feel to be teased" She bent her head down and let the tip of her tongue flick my bottom lip. I could feel her hot breath on my mouth and I lifted my lips to kiss her. 

"Tsk tsk tsk" she whispered and took her head back and dragged her nipples back over my breasts. "I'll make you wait like you have done so many times to me. I'll make you ask me nicely for what you want"

With a low growl I laid my head back down and tried to control my breathing. I didn't want to give away the fact that I couldn't wait, that I wanted her so much I could taste her in my mouth.

She bent her head down and flicked the tip of her wet tongue over each nipple. My breath caught and I looked down and watched her take each one between her teeth, tugging and nibbling driving me crazy. Cupping my left breast she sucked my nipple hard and full into her mouth and then released it quickly.

"Fuck Laura!" I cried out and reached down to grab her hair. She pulled back and I missed my chance. 

"I haven't even begun" she said and then lowered her head to take my right nipple the same way she had my left. I cried out and my head pushed back against the arm of the couch. She took both breasts in her hands and took turns sucking each one hard into her mouth and letting go. She was making me crazy and she knew it. She was feeding off of my impatience and my loss of willpower. I could feel my hips lift on their own and I knew she had me where she wanted me. I let go of my control and begged her to tongue fuck me. 

"Laura I want your tongue inside me. Now. Please!" I cried out and lifted my hips again to show her how much I wanted her inside me. She released my breasts and kissed her way up to my mouth. Whispering against my warm lips she said "That's what I wanted to hear, Carrie"

She traced her tongue from my chin, down my neck. Agonizingly slow, she let her tongue lick between my breasts and then around them. I watched her intently and couldn't wait to feel that wet soft tongue inside my pussy. I could feel the tingling all the way down to the tips of my toes. I spread my thighs for her as she positioned herself better between them. I felt her hot kisses trail down my stomach and I brought my hand down into her hair and watched her. When she reached the warm wetness she blew softly on my clit. I Iet out a moan and lifted my hips again. She flicked the tip of her tongue over the tip of my clit and then blew on it again. I was getting impatient and the intensity of my desire almost overwhelmed me. It had been so long since we had been this way. She had been the only woman I had been with for 6 years. I didn't let myself have anyone even though we had separated. 

She moved lower and slid her hands under my ass, blowing harder on my clit. Then with a very soft lick she slid her tongue up and down the length of my very soaked mound. "Please Laura. Oh god please tongue fuck me." I moaned and grabbed a handful of her hair getting ready for the most pleasurable assault that I knew was coming. She took my pleas and slid the tip of her tongue just inside my pussy. Slowly she made circles with it inside me and I couldn't take much more. She knew this and slid her tongue in deeper and filled my very tight pussy. I cried out and lifted my hips wanting to have it deeper. She then slid it out and thrust it in again, and the hot sensations rushed down my thighs. I gripped her hair tighter in my hand and lifted my hips up and down coaxing her not to stop. I felt her thrusts go faster and my pussy tightened around her tongue. I knew I was going to cum and I wanted her to feel what she did to me. She gripped tighter on my ass cheeks and I could hear the wet sounds of her tongue darting in and out. 

"Laura! Fuck baby don't stop!" I called out as my breathing became faster and harder. My hips pumped up and down, slapping my pussy against her mouth over and over. I heard her moans and it encouraged me to cum and fill her mouth with my hot wet juices. Suddenly she pulled her tongue out and slid her right hand from under my ass. I was so close and she had stopped. Bringing her hand up she slid her index finger inside me and then pulled it out slowly. I could feel the contractions of my pussy and I was so close to cumming. She looked at me and brought her index finger to her lips and licked the length of it. 

"God you're driving me crazy!" I said as she smiled and then slid her finger back inside me. Slowly, ever so slowly, she thrust it in and out, all the while she watched my face. I could hear how soaked I was as she slid another finger inside me. God she had made me so wet. I wanted her so much.

"I want to watch you cum Carrie. Cum for me" she whispered as she thrust her fingers deeper in and out. Her shoulder jerked quickly as she pounded her fingers into me. I grabbed the cushions of the couch and thrust my hips up to meet the hardness of her thrusts. I never took my eyes off her as I felt the onrush of the tremors of my orgasm. 

"Laura fuck Laura I'm cumming baby! Fuck I'm cumming!" I cried out as my pussy squeezed and clenched her fingers tight inside me. 

My hips bucked up and down quickly. At the height of my climax she pulled out her fingers and sucked my clit hard into her mouth. Ramming her index finger back inside me, she rode the hottest orgasm I have ever had with me. Having my clit in her mouth and her finger pounding inside me made me do something that I had never done. I began to squirt and the intensity of it made me feel like I was being split into pieces. My breasts tingled, my thighs squeezed her head, and I felt as if I couldn't breathe.

She continued to finger me just as fast as she had before I came the first time, and I felt another one coming. I reached down and grabbed her hair in my hands and ground my clit hard on her mouth. "Fuck yes! Oh fuck yes Laura!" I moaned and closed my eyes letting the tremors pass through my body. 

I didn't know how much time had passed, but I opened my eyes and could feel Laura's head resting on my stomach and her fingertips were caressing my thighs, moving slowly up and down. I felt my heartbeat slow and steady. Moving my fingers in her hair, she turned her head up and gifted me with the most amazing smile.

"Welcome back" she said.

I looked down at her and I felt so spent. I couldn't move my legs, they felt like jelly and they trembled slightly.

"Thank you" I answered, smiling back. "What the hell was that" I was shocked at my body's response, and wanted to know how she felt about it too. 

"I think that was you cumming" she replied laughingly. She moved her way up my body and touched her fingertip to my lips. "God you are incredible, Carrie"

"I think it goes the other way baby. Oh my god, you made me cum so hard. I've never done that before" I said shaking my head.

"Then that's a good thing" she said as she brought her lips to mine. "What do you say? Move to the bedroom? Get comfortable?"

"Oh yes, a nap then I'm going to give to you exactly what you gave to me"

"And what is it that I gave you?" she said smiling with a wink. 

"I'll show you" I answered winking back at her...