 Cassandra was filled with lust. Before her sat one of the most beautiful women she'd met, button undone on her jeans, evidence of the effort she had put in to seduce her visible on the front of her jeans, and her mouth practically salivated at anticipation what was about to happen. Laura was still panting and made no initial protest, but she collected herself enough to sit up straight and re-button them.

"Stop." Her voice was still almost a gasp.

"Stop?" Cassandra looked confused. Seconds before she was sure she was getting her way tonight.

She didn't let many things stop her from getting what she wanted, whether a man or woman was a target. Laura was different than most of the women she had slept with - disillusioned "Desperate Housewives" types who practically begged Cassandra to take them - but her gaudy engagement ring was no obstacle to her in her mind. It just meant she had to get her fill of her tonight, while she could.

"Yeah, stop, this has gone too far." Laura was flustered and stood up off the couch. "I need to get home. This was fun but..."

"But what, love?" Cassandra stood up as Laura took a couple of steps away from the couch.

"I can't. I shouldn't have even done this."

"You're going to go home? Looking like that?" Cassandra glanced at the dark spot. "And you said yourself you were having fun. There's nothing wrong with trying things out, especially if it stays between us. You trust me, don't you?" 

Laura nodded her agreement, and Cassandra continued. "So stay with me tonight. This is our secret. You said yourself you had fun, and you have the whole rest of your life to have fun with your man after this. You deserve one night for yourself." As she spoke she moved behind Laura and rested a hand on her stomach, using it to pull her subject close.

"Don't you?" She whispered into Laura's ear, now close enough to kiss her ear, letting her tongue run up her earlobe.

"Y-y-yesss." Laura shuddered and her legs swayed a bit but she stayed upright. Cassandra's free hand found its way back to the front of Laura's jeans, to the dampness. She clutched her there, down her pubic curve, as she kissed her neck. Laura's eyes were now closed, as if she was dreaming. Her shoulder slumped as she exhaled.

"That's it...relax...this is going to feel really, really good. I promise."

Cassandra began to rub at her as she held Laura tight against her. Her other hand again felt her taut stomach clenching under her shirt. She wasn't going to merely masturbate her this time, though - no. It was time for the next step.

She let Laura go and took a couple of steps back. She stared into Laura's eyes, a mix of lust and apprehension visible under their glazed surface. Cassandra maintained eye contact as she slowly kneeled in front of her, her hands innocently resting in front of her, on her dress.

"Come here."

Laura took a couple of steps forward. Cassandra's eye level was at Laura's belt now. She leaned in and kissed her on that spot again, Laura's back arching gently, causing her breasts to proudly stand out. Cassandra leaned back and smiled. 

"Undo your jeans."

"Here?"

"Yes. Right here."

Laura's fingers trembled nervously as she began to undo the top button, then the next. "But I.."

"Shh. Do it."

Cassandra let an evil grin form at the edges of her mouth as she watched Laura take her first baby steps into submission. 

She unded the last button and her hands rested at her side nervously as she stood before Cassandra. The front of Laura's jeans were now opened, revealing a darkened spot on a pair of red satin panties. Cassandra hooked her fingers into her waistband and did the rest, peeling the denim down to mid-thigh. She couldn't wait any longer. "Oh, Laura..."

Her hands reached around and cusped Laura's pert rear, and bringing her close to her hungry, searching mouth. Laura was barely ready as she let out a "Ohh, oh Cass..."

Cassandra began by gently licking and chewing her though the thin material of her panties, over her mound. She tasted as delicious as she hoped. Laura's breaths again got deeper, in between hushed whimpers. One hand found its way to the top of Cassandra's head, the other her shoulder, as she adjusted her legs so they stood further apart.

Laura looked down and saw a surreal sight: her lovely mentor's eating her out through her panties. The pleasure was untold - she couldn't remember the last time she felt this erotic around her fiancée, and while she still had a feeling of guilt in the back of her head, it was becoming an afterthought to what Cassandra's mouth was doing to her. She had surrendered.

Cassandra expertly played with her through the thin fabric, pushing the material up into her cleft with her tongue, knowing exactly where to apply pressure to tease Laura's clit. She abruptly stopped once she heard her first loud moan and Laura nearly fell over onto her when her mouth let go, catching herself by leaning on Cassandra's shoulders. 

"You're as delicious as you are beautiful. Show yourself to me."

She smiled as Laura breathlessly obliged. There was no pretense of objection. She stood there, panties meeting her jeans halfway down her smooth, toned legs. Her glistening sex was bare to her now. 

Her tongue found its target and Laura shook on her feet. "Ohh Cassandra..." Her knees nearly buckled but Cassandra's arms held her in place as she began to take her prey where she stood. Her lips and tongue moved deftly along Laura's lips, the girl's soft moans growing in intensity. Cassandra herself now was in awe. She had daydreamed about this, but now she was here, eating Laura out in the middle of her living room.

Laura's juices were greedily licked up as Cassandra found herself growing more ravenous. She didn't know that Laura hadn't felt this feeling in something like two? Three months? She had lost count. But Cassandra was making up for her lost time. Laura cried out when lips closed around her swollen clit and Cassandra's tongue flicked over it. Her former TA was surprisingly strong, her arms keeping her upright when it felt like her legs were going to buckle each time.

And she needed the strength. Cassandra continued to assault her there for 10, 15 minutes, or more - Laura lost track with each flick of her tongue, each slow trail it blazed over her wet sex. It was unlike anything she'd experienced before. Everytime she got close, Cassandra sensed it and slowed down for a time, only to pick up again. Cassandra's lust had turned Laura into a meal, each greedy lick begat another as she drank her juices. Both her hands were now in Cassandra's black hair and the other girl could feel the cool metal of an engagement ring on her scalp as she continued to fuck her where she stood.

It was a test of Laura's endurance, if not a beautiful form of torture.

Cassandra was surprised by how long Laura held out, although it delighted her as she felt her thighs and butt clench and her hips grind against her face far longer than she had hoped. Every few seconds Laura whimpered, or moaned, or whispered a barely decipherable "God..." or "Fuck...". Cassandra moaned into Laura as her tongue finally darted inside her and Laura moaned and arched her back at the intrusion. Her tongue fucked her like a small piston, and when Laura's moans got deeper and Cassandra felt her legs tremble one last time, she knew what to do. 

Cassandra withdrew her tongue from Laura and took her clit with her ravenous mouth, licking, flicking, and slurping around it. Laura cried out "Oh fuck, oh God! Ohhhh!" as her legs trembled. Her knees buckled. Cassandra was destroying Laura with her mouth, and this was her way of finishing her off, searching for every drop, trying to cover her with her mouth. Her climax was violent, shocking for a soft-spoken girl, and her knees gave way. 

Cassandra's hands moved to catch her by the waist and slowly guide her down to her knees until Laura's red, panting face was face to face with hers, which Laura could see through the haze was glistening with her cum. Before Laura could say anything, Cassandra's head graced the back of her head and pulled her lips to hers, kissing her deeply, sharing her taste. Laura's chest still heaved but she didn't break away, reaching an arm tentatively around her seducers back. Cassandra's hand was more devious, moving between them, and over Laura's wet mound. Laura gasped when a finger slipped inside - Cassandra's finger felt like it had entered a hot, velvety oven and then both moaned into each other's mouths. Laura's defenses had now completely fallen - she was here, she was Cassandra's tonight.

The older girl broke the kiss, keeping her finger playfully inside her partner as she watched her glazed eyes roll slightly. She noted with delight how tight Laura was - one finger was snug inside her lover, and she could see feel her walls throbbing from her orgasm. She was almost out of breath too, to her own surprise, and she whispered as her hands worked under the side of Laura's shirt. "I think it's time you took the rest of this off."

Laura could only nod and raise her arms as the tight red-and-white striped shirt came off and was thrown to the side. She now kneeled there, topless except for a black bra she had worn. Cassandra cupped her small, pert breasts over it. 

"Beautiful, but it's got to go, too."

It was Laura's own hands that undid her bra and let it fall to the ground between them, exposing her top. Cassandra took her in. Firm, pert and beautiful, she lowered her face and lovingly licked an erect nipple, eliciting another moan of approval. She came back up face to face with Laura.

"And your pants have to come the rest of the way off, too."

Cassandra slowly rose to her feet, taking Laura's hands in hers. The other girl's legs were wobbly but she made it up, and slowly finished the job of peeling off her jeans and panties. She took a step back, and the view was breathtaking for Cassandra - her long brown hair, pert breasts, firm stomach and long, toned legs. And, of course, the glistening area between her thighs, shaved hairless for her fiancée, but her's and her's alone tonight.

She noticed the clock on the wall behind Laura now read midnight, as she stepped close, wrapped her arms around her and kissed her deeply once more. There was no resistance; Laura reciprocated the affection, her body still aching from the pleasure of being tasted by a woman for the first time. 

Still fully dressed, Cassandra broke the kiss and took Laura's hand in hers. "Let's go to bed." With a nod, Laura followed her through a door on the south side of the apartment, into a dimly lit bedroom with a queen sized mattress. A large wood dresser sat across from the bed with a large mirror. She pushed Laura gently onto the edge of her bed.

"What do you think?"

"It's a lovely bedroom..."

"Thank you, love. Get comfortable, it's where you'll be waking up tomorrow."

With a mixture of guilt and excitement Laura smiled, and Cassandra leaned down to kiss her smiling lips once more...