 Cassandra looked over the text on her laptop screen. It was becoming blurry; a day's worth of lectures and grading had strained her brain and the screen glowing in the dim light of her office had strained her eyesight. 

She adjusted her glasses, reading over an essay on the development of modern human sexuality. She felt the slightest of scratches on her inner thigh, underneath her gray skirt, and adjusted herself in her computer chair, letting one leg extend out loosely to the right as she slouched back.

She felt a soft, warm sensation a few inches up from her inner thigh and sighed.

"Anna, your essay is outstanding...if you weren't interested in journalism, I'd tell you to switch majors." She smiled coyly and looked down at a strawberry-blond mop of hair that had begun nuzzling down her inner thigh.

"You're too kind, but you're only saying that because this is happening." A bright eyed college junior turned her face up at her, grey eyes mischievous as she peered up at her instructor. She wore a snug black tank top and a snug pair of jeans, revealing the fit body of a young woman a few inches shorter than Cassandra. She was smart, she was spunky, she was sexy, and she was on her knees.

Cassandra took on a stern look and gently but sternly took some of that strawberry-blond hair in her hand. "Don't you dare say such a thing. You know this has nothing to do with that." She nodded towards the laptop that Anna couldn't see behind her.

Anna replied with another grin. "Jeez, take a joke..." Cassandra's expression softened. They both knew it was true. As far as what was happening underneath her desk right now, Anna never had any intention of it happening. She had a boyfriend and, before this class, had never so much as had more than a drunken peck with another girl. 

Intentions, however, have a funny way of melting in the face of someone who enjoys the hunt as much as Cassandra, who had every intention of this happening. What Anna found out was that one-on-one office hour sessions gave her mentor just the opening she needed. The first couple of visits of the spring semester were uneventful, but Cassandra encouraged her to keep coming back to discuss the material; few students cared enough to, and Anna was interested in the topic and trying to finish with a 4.0. 

Cassandra, for her part, did not mix work and pleasure. She had worked hard to get her postdoctoral position, and sexual relations with a student would surely jeopardize her job and any career or research grants she hoped to obtain. But her appetite had only grown with age. Anna was a decade her junior, but had a maturity beyond her years.

A spirited discussion on the Sexual Revolution led to the first embrace, a heated make-out session against the corner of her office. By mid-February, Cassandra had goaded Anna to her knees the first time. The girl was inexperienced, but she was eager. Cassandra, despite her role as seductress, didn't last long. In that sense, it reminded Cassandra of Laura. Ah, Laura, the one who brought out the predator in her; who had led to her risking her position for the sake of pleasure.

Pleasure...that was February. It was mid-April now, only a few weeks before finals. This had become a weekly exercise, and every week, Anna was more willing, more confident in pleasing.

Cassandra stopped focusing on the laptop and relaxed her grip of Anna's hair, gently resting it atop her head. Her other hand laid on her armrest. Anna had returned to kissing her way up the TA's thigh. Her technique had improved since that first sloppy afternoon, as had her teasing. Her hands slowly rolled up Cassandra's dress. 

"Mmm...good girl. Your studies show...continued improvement." Cassandra sighed and sank slightly into the seat. She felt a kiss on the inside of one thigh, then the other. Cassandra hadn't bothered wearing panties; she had skipped them for Anna's appointments for the past three weeks. They seemed an unnecessary formality at this point.

"Oooooh..." Cassandra let out a deep moan as she felt Anna's breath on her slit. Part of her dress still obscured Anna's face, so Cassandra reached down and pulled it up so she could look down at her student. 

Anna made contact with her eyes first. A second later, contact with her mouth. Cassandra groaned and let her head lean back, a hand petting the younger woman's head. Kisses and soft licks soon followed, and the wet noises that had become the familiar background noise of these meetings. 

"Remember...that trick I told you, Anna...breathe through your mouth...that's it..." Her breath quickened and deepened, her chest up and down. Anna had only fondled them so far in her "education". Cassandra's mind raced. Anna was ready to do and feel more. 

Much more.

"Ohhh!" Cassandra shuddered in surprise, as Anna had slid one of her fingers inside her. Anna's lips had firmly clamped around Cassandra's clit and her tongue massaged it, up and down, up and down. Cassandra's groans accompanied the sounds of Anna's mouth smacking against her. The girl on her knees had come a long way.

Cassandra was turned on by the bit of assertiveness from the girl and her hips began to respond. "Push against me...inside..." She breathed, trying to direct Anna as how to best finger her. But Anna was a step ahead, drawing on her own preferences, fingertips slithering against her inner wall. 

They had established a steady rhythm now, and for a few minutes they maintained a flow, as whatever Anna's mouth didn't catch dripped onto the edge of the chair. It rocked and creaked as Cassandra nearly forgot her role as aggressor. 

She was getting close to losing herself when, as if a light went on, she remembered who she was, why Anna was here in the first place. The student felt a hand on the top of her head slowly work its way to the back of her head. Then...with firmness, Anna felt it push her face forward. She tried to say something but her mouth was muffled by sex. 

If there was any question who was in charge here, it was corrected quickly. Cassandra sat up in her chair and began to dictate the rhythm with her hips. Her vulva smeared Anna's lovely fair face, clit rubbing against her lips and tongue as Anna struggled to keep her fingers active. 

She teased Anna even as sweat ran down her own face. "You've gotten...good, young lady...but still this happens...on my terms." Anna groaned into her, barely able to gasp for air. The speed picked up. Cassandra held her close and her lover's tongue responded on her clit with each thrust. 

"Ohhh...ohhh...ohhh you hot little...you're a natural, ohhhhh...OHHHHHH..." Cassandra leaned back as far as her chair could go, pulling Anna against her with both hands. Her hips spasmed out of her control now, Anna barely able to ride the wave. 

Cassandra came her face. Hard. She may have been the only person still in her office at that hour, in her hallway. Even if she wasn't, it was too late. Loud, deep moans. Her hands released Anna and fell to either side of her. Her hips slowed. Anna, mercifully, was able gulp for air. For what seemed like an eternity the room was filled with only deep breaths; two women out of air for entirely different reasons.

Cassandra looked down. Anna had been on her knees, gazing up at her. She had such an innocent face, bright and optimistic from the first day she met her. Half of it was now was glistening with a woman's juices. They smiled at each other.

She leaned over on the chair, put a finger under Anna chin. Anna arched her back up and they met in a kiss, a deep, silent one. Cassandra could taste herself. Her lips were sticky with her own dew. She pulled away. Anna found the first words to break the silence startlingly brutal, yet strangely endearing.

"When I saw you on the first day of class...I knew this was how I wanted to see you someday."

Anna giggled and looked down. She pulled a tissue from her bag and began to clean her face up, but only after she licked what she could off her own face. 

"I should let you go for the night. Office hours are wrapping up."

"Yeah...I need to be going. I have dinner with him tonight."

Anna slowly stood up. Despite her short frame relative to Cassandra, she had a long pair of legs. She stood before her TA, her back tilted just slightly to put her perky little breasts tantalizingly within reach of Cassandra, who looked up at her. Cassandra's hands ran over the sides and front of her skintight jeans. She could feel the warmth.

"Very nicely done. Next time," she commented, resting both hands between Anna's legs, "I'm finally going to fuck you." 

"Really?" A look of excitement and some confusion took over on Anna's face.

In one smooth move, she rose up, roughly groping Anna's round ass as she stood over the girl, an inch from her.

"Try not to think about it too hard when he's inside you later." She slapped Anna's ass playfully and led her to the door.

"Have a good night, Cassandra."

"Already did."

Anna smiled at her and began walking down the hallway. Cassandra watched her butt sway back and forth. She recalled the first time they did this, when Anna was so ashamed she had canceled their dinner date with her boyfriend. Now, it had become a part of her routing. She envied her boyfriend, briefly. She knew he'd be another beneficiary of all this excitement. So be it. She had what she needed from the girl, for now. She even let out the slightest grin at the thought her boyfriend might taste Cassandra on her lips when they kissed.

Then she had a delicious image of Anna cross her mind, with her jeans half-down, bent over her desk.

"Soon." She told herself aloud, shutting the door and making her way back to her desk. She quickly gave the seat a wipe with a tissue before sitting down. As she did, her Facebook window made a notification noise.

"Hmm." She opened the window. Her eyes widened. 

Laura, in a selfie. The caption. "Bachelorette Party Shopping!!" A form fitting dress. A side profile. Those legs. That body. That face. 

Anna was her new student. Laura was still her first. She smiled. She hadn't heard from her since she wore her panties. That was six months ago. 

Maybe she was intoxicated from the hot young future journalist she held a spell over, but she was imbued with confidence. She remembered Laura would be wed soon.

"Lookin' hot. ;-) Miss you as a friend. Let's catch up?"

Message sent.

She leaned back in her chair, more than satisfied with her afternoon's work.

____________________________________________________________________

In truth, the photo was from hours ago. Laura was now fully bored out of her skull, being read a breakdown of how much various flower arrangements would cost. Her maid of honor, Diana, sat next to her. Her phone vibrated. A welcome distraction.

She pulled it out. Saw the message. Saw the sender. Her face turned red. The older woman at the desk was too involved in the flowers to notice.

"What's the matter?" Diana whispered.

"Nothing, nothing. Just an unexpected message."

Laura had been thankful Cassandra hadn't pushed the issue, because she honestly wasn't sure if she would have strayed again. As it was, that night all those months ago had seemed more and more like a fever-dream, a one-time mistake made by a girl, not a woman. She was getting married now. That was an indiscretion, nothing more. 

But she felt that shudder. Maybe Cassandra just wanted to catch up? Maybe she didn't remember...

Laura did. Her mind was in another room for a few seconds. "Laura? Laura!" The woman got her attention. "Have you made your decision yet?"

"No, um, I'm sorry. I need some time to think."

"Of course dear! This is your day. Don't do anything rash."

"Of course. Nothing rash." Laura wasn't even sure what she was referring to anymore. 

"Will you have a decision after the weekend?"

"Of course. Give me the weekend."

Diana looked confused by her best friend's sudden distance. "Yeah, Laura's had a long week. She'll, uh, sleep on it.".

"Yeah, definitely." Laura was still visibly distant. "Thanks for your time."

"Thank you dear! I'm sure you'll do the right thing."

"Of course."

Diana had a look of puzzlement on her face. Laura turned and walked out of the room. She shrugged at the woman behind the desk, who could only smile, then followed her friend out.

She wondered: what had suddenly gotten into her?

Only Laura knew.