 Laura stood alone in her kitchen. She was home alone tonight; her fiancee was at a conference, and she had a long day at work. She had gotten home late from her yoga class and was in no mood to cook herself dinner and had shoved some leftovers into the microwave. Her mind drifted as she watched the timer run down.

1:55

1:54

1:53

A hand covered her mouth from behind her. Before she could scream, she heard a voice in one ear.

"Nobody will hear you, anyway."

It was Cassandra.

Another hand reached around and cupped a breast through her tank top.

"Missed me?"

Laura spun around to free herself, the low hum of the microwave now behind her. "What are you doing here?" she demanded. Cassandra was dressed in all black - black leather pants, black boots, black sweater. She was unsure why she always saw her like this now. She looked like a cat burglar, but she had no interest in stealing anything. Her only interest was Laura.

"You know what I'm doing here, Laura." Cassandra took a step toward her and Laura leaned back up against her countertop. Cassandra eyed her up and down. 

"Yoga? If I knew you were that flexible I would've done so much more with you."

Laura's face turned red. She was in a pair of running sneakers, black lululemon yoga pants, and a loose white tank top over her black sports bra.

"You need to leave. Now."

"Oh, I don't think you want that at all." Cassandra took another step forward, pressing her chest against Laura's. Despite her protests, Laura had spread her legs as she leaned on the counter such that Cassandra was now standing between then.

"Yes I -"

Before she could answer Cassandra leaned in and kissed her. Laura gave a half-hearted attempt to push her away but quickly melted into it. Cassandra drew her close as Laura now sat up on the countertop, the two beginning to make out in her kitchen, her home. 

Laura was an easy mark now; her body wracked with memories of that night, of the pleasure Cassandra brought her. Cassandra pulled her off the counter and stood her up.

"Turn around." Laura looked down. Dangling from Cassandra hips was a long, thich, black strap-on. The one she'd been taken with in Cassandra's shower. Wait - how had she gotten it on outside of her clothes? On second thought, how had she gotten into her house?

She didn't care. She obeyed, turning around. 

"Good girl...you look so delicious in those yoga pants. I missed that ass..." Laura gasped as Cassandra groped it for a moment before deftly moving to her hips and tugging at her waistband.

"Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I'm ready."

"No. Say what you're ready for."

Laura looked down at the countertop, shaking her head but the words still coming from her mouth...

"I'm ready to be fucked."

"That's it..."

The pants and her boy shorts came down with one deft pull. She was exposed. In her house. Bent over her kitchen countertop. And Cassandra was standing right behind her.

"Good girl..." fingers graced her moist slit as Laura whimpered. The microwave had long since finished heating whatever it was she was having for dinner. It had taken Cassandra only moments to warm her body, warm her sex.

Then she felt something bigger, more substantial, against her opening.

"Ohhhh..."

A thrust.

"FUCK!"

Cassandra kept her hands on Laura's ass as she began to fuck her. Laura felt completely filled and groaned with each thrust, pushing back against her home's invader. Her head looking back, she felt moisture begin to drip down the inside of her thigh. 

Her head jerked back as Cassandra pulled on her long hair. She saw her other hand raised high. With a thrust, it came down on her ass.

THWACK!!

Laura sat straight up in bed with a scream, gasping for air, beads of sweat dripping down her forehead. She was alone right now, but she was just dreaming. That didn't make her any less breathless. She stared off into space for a few long moments, processing the visions she had just seen.

She slowly laid herself back down, her head resting on her pillow. She sheets were moist from her sweat; it was a hot summer evening and her air conditioner was broken. The dream hadn't helped.

Why was she having these dreams? Since she had heard from Cassandra they had a few polite interactions on facebook, but this was now the third one in the two weeks since they had began talking again. She remembered them all. The first, in the backseat of her car. The second, in Cassandra's office. This one had gone the farthest. It didn't make any sense; the home invasion, the strap-on magically appearing. It didn't have to. It was a dream.

What did it mean? It was just a fantasy, Laura told herself. Nothing to be concerned with. You're getting married. Don't do anything stupid.

As those words crossed her mind, her hand crossed her stomach and made its way into the shorts she'd fallen asleep in, and underneath the panties she was wearing. She was wet.

Laura had been masturbating far more often lately thanks to her night visions. To her frustration she found her mind lingering on them, sometimes when it was least expected. In her computer chair. In the shower after yoga. In her bed, right now... 

She figured she may as well enjoy the dream while she was alone. Her index finger ran up and down her wet slit.

"Oh, Cassandra..." She bit her lower lip as her fingertip began to play with her clit. She was still on fire.

Her mind drifted back to the kitchen as she began to masturbate. She was getting married in a matter of weeks and her mind was on Cassandra. Part of her craved her. Part of her wish she'd show up now, in her bed. Kiss her. Taste her. Fuck her. 

Her hand sped up in her panties as she frigged herself; she had no intention of drawing this out. With a moan and a push of her hips she let her name out.

"Cassandra! Fuck!"

She groaned as her hips pushed up off the bed like a bridge pose, sweat dripping off her face, her panties and shorts becoming soaked through. 

"Unnnh...unnnh...ohhhh..." she finally gave way, her body falling flat the mattress with a thud, her chest pounding, breath ragged. She pulled her hand up to her mouth and licked her fingers clean, then splayed out under her sheet, arms and legs in all directions.

"God damn it..." she muttered to herself, annoyed with her new old obsession. 

It was nothing, she told herself. Just an old flame. A fantasy. Get some sleep.

She drifted off into slumber, part of her hoping Cassandra would find her there again. 

---------------------------------------------------

Anna stood naked in the middle of Cassandra's living room. The student was now the subject, blindfolded. It was a little chilly; her nipples stood erect on her small, perky breasts as evidence. Her pale skin was illuminated by the dimmed light. Her strawberry blond hair had been let down and rested at her shoulders. Her feet were perhaps two fists width apart, long legs leading up to her small, pink, labia. She was shaved bare. 

One day, Cassandra thought, she would have to dress her up like a schoolgirl. 

Cassandra sidled up behind her and wrapped her arms around the girl. Anna shuddered. 

"You look adorable..." she whispered, her lips brushing across the younger woman's earlobe. "Do you know what I'm going to do to you tonight?"

Anna was a bit nervous and felt every bit at the older woman's mercy. "N-...no..."

Cassandra let a hand wander across the front of Anna's body. She cupped a breast.

"I'm going to touch you..." she squeezed a breast, drawing a gasp from Anna. The hand released her breast and slid down her tummy.

"I'm going to finger you..." she let a finger tip brush across the girl's mound. Already wet, she noted.

"I'm going to lick you..." she let her tongue brush across Anna's earlobe again to a soft moan.

"And..." with a flash of her hand, a finger violently pushed up into Anna's tight slit. The girl let out a loud whimper and her knees nearly gave way. "...I'm going to fuck you so hard that you remember it for the rest of your days. Do you understand me?"

Cassandra's other arm helped hold the girl up from behind. Anna nodded as she felt a finger wriggle inside her. Cassandra smiled.

"Good."

She briefly withdrew her one finger, then with a quick motion slid two fingers into Anna's tight slit, eliciting another moan from the college student. With one arm firmly holding the more petite woman up, Cassandra began to skillfully piston her fingers in and out of her, whispering in her ear as she did. 

Cassandra rubbed roughly against Anna's velvety inner walls as wet sounds intermingled with Anna's gasps and her whispers. 

"Oh, I wonder how long you've wanted me to finger your tight little pussy like this...but you earned it, didn't you? You're such a good little pussy eater."

Anna was driven further into lust by the explicit words of her teacher and, while she had managed to steady herself somewhat earlier, her knees again began to buckle and shake. Her inner walls began to cling to Cassandra's fingers in rhythm with her motion. Cum began to dribble down her inner thighs. She was getting close.

"Ohhhhhh..." she groaned, her legs ready to give out...then, with a flash, she felt her most intimate area vacated. Without the blindfold it would've been evident that her eyes widened with surprise and despair.

"Wh...whaaaat...no..."

Cassandra withdrew two sticky, glistening fingers from her student and smiled as she gave her a playful kiss on her neck from behind. The girl wobbled like a drunk.

"We'll call this the taste test...here, you first." Cassandra slowly brought one of her fingers to Anna's mouth and, to her delight, the girl obediently parted her lips and begin to suck her juices off of it. 

"Mmm...so eager...you must have tasted yourself before. Must be good." Cassandra teased as she withdrew her index finger from the girl's mouth and brought her middle finger up to her own. With an exaggerated "Mmm..." she licked Anna off of her finger. 

"You ARE tasty. I can't wait to eat your pussy. But, I was going to make you cum first, right?"

"Y-yes, please Cassandra."

"What's that?"

"Please."

"No...my name. Don't call me by my name tonight. Tonight I'm your Mistress, do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Cassandra grinned at the ease with which this one submitted. Ever since Laura she realized she had a predilection towards dominating other women. Anna was the perfect foil. Outwardly sweet, innocent, and ultimately eager to please.

"Good." Cassandra's hand again slid down the naked girl's body and, roughly, she dug two fingers back into Anna. With a groan her back arched against her as Cassandra curled her fingers up, hard, applying intense pressure to Anna's pubic bone. With a scream Anna's hips began to buck wildly and cum now flowed down her thighs. She officially belonged to her teacher tonight.

Faintly, amongst the girl's screams, a phone could be heard vibrating in the corner. It was a text message Cassandra wouldn't see until well into the next morning, well after Anna collapsed to the ground, well after she had been fucked again and again. It was not her priority right now, but its sender, buzzed on wine and sixty miles away, would still be there when the morning came.

The name on the phone read "LAURA".