 PRELUDE

Laura Hanson was sitting in the back of a taxi on her way the Central Park West apartment of Hedda Moore. At the age of 23 years Laura was an aspiring actress trying to land her first role on Broadway. Hedda was the leading lady in a play that was in the process of being cast. Laura had been auditioning that Friday afternoon and it was not going well until Hedda burst on the stage and demanded that Laura be given the part. Laura was thrilled that Hedda had come to her aid and she couldn't believe it when Hedda threatened to leave the play if Laura wasn't in it. 

Laura recalled the incident and the exact words that Hedda used. "If you do not give this talented young lady the part then you can find a new leading lady," Hedda yelled for all to hear.

Hedda's comments were directed at the casting director Peter Cummings, the producer Richard James and the director Donald Hastings. The three men put up with Hedda's tirade as the other cast members watched in disbelief. Then Peter Cummings said, "As you wish Hedda, she's in."

Laura wanted to jump for joy on the stage but she restrained herself. Then Hedda approached Laura and invited Laura to the apartment. "Please join me at my apartment this evening around 7:00 PM and we will discuss your role in this play," Hedda offered in a demanding tone. It was more like a directive than an invitation.

Laura had returned to her apartment that she shared with three other girls, also aspiring actresses, to get ready for her appointment with Hedda Moore. Laura showered and then looked at herself in the full length mirror. She liked what she saw. Laura was a very pretty natural blonde with a shapely 34-21-35 figure. She was 5'8" tall and weighed less than 115 pounds. Laura had firm 34 B breasts, a flat tummy and very nice legs. Her best asset though was her ass which was round and firm with flawless skin.

Laura's ass always drew attention and on many occasions on and off the stage a man's hand would caress that shapely bottom. Laura was not a virgin but she had fended off many attempts by a guy to stick his dick in her ass. Laura ran her hands over her body as she looked in the mirror and then she resumed getting ready. That evening she opted to wear a mini skirt that was cut 8" above her knees. She wore hose with thigh high elastic tops and silk panties. Laura selected a light blue cotton sweater to wear over her light blue bra. She donned her heels, grabbed her purse and left her apartment.

Now the taxi pulled up in front of the Central Park West apartment building and a doorman approached the cab. He opened the door of the taxi as Laura paid the driver and Laura sensed that the doorman stared at her beautiful legs. Laura swung her shapely legs out and as she did the skirt rode up and exposed the tops of her hose. The doorman didn't move away immediately as he stared at the beautiful legs. Then he stepped back and greeted her.

"Good evening Miss."

"Good evening," Laura replied.

"Can I help you Miss?" the doorman asked politely.

"Yes I am here to see Hedda Moore," Laura offered.

"Ms. Moore, of course and can I have your name Miss."

"Laura Hanson."

"Welcome Miss Hanson, Ms. Moore is expecting you. Please go right up to apartment 14 C. The elevator is right down the hall on your right," the doorman said as he opened the door to the building.

Laura walked down the hall toward the elevator and she could feel the doorman's eyes watching her. She knew he was checking her out in her short tight mini skirt that showed off her curvy ass and shapely legs. Laura got to the elevator, pushed the button and glanced back at the doorman and smiled. He touched the brim of his hat in a polite manner.

Laura got on the elevator and pushed the button for the 14th floor. Then she leaned back and closed her eyes as she thought that this was the life she aspired to. She wanted to achieve the success of a Hedda Moore and live in an apartment building like this one. Then Laura got nervous as the elevator slowed and then the door opened. Laura stepped out and located apartment 14 C. She found herself holding her breath as she stood in front of the apartment door almost too afraid to ring the bell at this point. Then she took a deep breath and rang the doorbell.

HEDDA MOORE

At the age of 36 Hedda Moore was an accomplished Broadway Theater actress. Over the past six years she had starred in numerous award winning plays. She had won two Tony awards in her career; one for best supporting actress and another for best actress. She was currently the leading lady and headliner for a new play. In addition to her great acting talent, Hedda was an excellent dancer and singer.

Hedda never had trouble staying fit given the rigorous schedule of the theater and she looked good at age 36. She had a well toned 34-22-34 figure, stood at 5'6" and weighed just over 110 pounds. Her current role called for long hair and she had let her silky brown hair grow to below her shoulders. Hedda could be seen around town and in social circles in the company of very handsome men. That was all a façade however since Hedda was a lesbian. 

Hedda was born into a well-to-do family and she had the privilege of attending upscale private schools. As long as she could remember she wanted to be an actress. As a child she was always singing and dancing and she was in many school concerts and plays. She went to a prestigious high school for the arts and she earned a music scholarship to a renowned college. Hedda also had the opportunity to study in Paris and it was there that she was introduced to world of female love.

Hedda was seduced by a French woman named Danielle who was Hedda's drama teacher and mentor. Hedda had been invited to Danielle's home one weekend where she was seduced and introduced to lesbian sex. Danielle spent hours caressing and kissing Hedda until Hedda thought that she body would burst with desire. Once Danielle placed her mouth on Hedda's pussy, Hedda had a massive orgasm. The orgasm actually scared Hedda at first as she didn't think that she was capable of such a climax.

Danielle made continuous love to Hedda causing multiple orgasms using only her tongue and fingers. Danielle did not press Hedda to reciprocate although by the time they were in bed naked that night, Hedda desired to do something for Danielle. Hedda began by kissing Danielle's breast and making a descent down Danielle's body. Hedda tried to do everything that Danielle had done to her. Danielle coached and guided Hedda through every move and Hedda finally reached the object of her desire. Hedda licked and sucked her first pussy and she drove Danielle wild. Hedda was pleased that she could make Danielle cum and she wasn't put off by the taste of pussy.

That weekend Hedda and Danielle made love as often as their bodies would allow. On Saturday Danielle took Hedda's virginity with a strap-on dildo. Hedda went wild with the penetration after the initial pain of her hymen breaking. Danielle taught Hedda how to use the strap-on cock and Hedda enjoyed fucking Danielle with new found toy. Before the weekend was over Danielle introduced Hedda to another sex toy, a double headed dildo. The realistic looking fake cock had two ends to it separated by a fake pair of testicles in the middle. It became Hedda's favorite toy and she and Danielle loved the simultaneous penetration.

By the time Hedda retuned to her home in the Untied States she was an experienced lesbian lover and sexual predator. Danielle had taught her so much in Paris. Hedda had also lost her anal virginity to Danielle. It started with a bath and Danielle washing and douching Hedda's anus. Then Danielle used her tongue to probe Hedda's anus and Hedda was overcome with lust. Hedda loved the feeling of the tongue licking and probing her anus. Hedda thought it was so naughty, so wicked but so erotic all at the same time.

Danielle began introducing things into Hedda's ass. It started with tongues and fingers. Then Danielle used anal beads to loosen Hedda up. Hedda loved it when Danielle pulled the beads out one by one as she ate Hedda's pussy. Hedda felt she had an orgasm each time a bead popped out of her ass. Danielle then inserted butt plugs in Hedda's ass, gradually increasing the thickness of the plug over time. Finally it was the strap-on dildo that filled Hedda's ass and Hedda's deflowering was complete. 

Hedda loved the anal sex ritual as long as Danielle took good care of Hedda's pussy too. Hedda also liked to fuck Danielle in the ass with the strap-on cock. She loved looking at Danielle's marvelous curvy ass as the fake cock slid in and out. Hedda would caress Danielle's lovely buttocks as she butt fucked her teacher and lover.

After Hedda returned to the states she moved to New York City and signed on with an agent. She shared an apartment with other hopeful actresses during the early days of her career. Hedda was successful almost immediately as she had been cast in the ensemble of a number of plays. Her talent soon became apparent and she started getting smaller roles and then larger ones in Broadway plays. She won a Tony for best supporting actress in a musical and then she was off to stardom. 

A FRIDAY EVENING TO REMEMBER

Laura waited almost a minute before Hedda answered the door but it seemed like an eternity. Laura was anxious and nervous as she waited and then the door opened. Laura stared at the attractive Hedda who was dressed in a loose fitting mini skirt and blouse. Laura noticed that Hedda was not wearing hose over her shapely tanned legs.

"Laura you made it. Do come in," Hedda said.

Hedda placed her hands on the sides of Laura's arms and then kissed Laura on both cheeks. It was the French greeting as Hedda's lips never touched Laura's cheeks but kissed aimlessly at the air. Hedda stepped back and looked Laura up and down.

"You look ravishing this evening," Hedda said admiring the pretty young woman.

Hedda closed the apartment door and invited Laura into her living room. Laura was taken back with the décor as she had never seen anyplace so elegant. The furniture and artwork looked like it was right out of a renaissance era. Laura felt a little intimidated surrounded by such opulence. 

"I love the French décor which is why I had the apartment decorated this way. Do you like it?" Hedda asked.

"It's quite beautiful," Laura stammered.

"Come sit down and I'll get you a glass of Champagne," Hedda offered.

Laura really didn't like Champagne but she did not want to offend her host so she remained quiet. Hedda poured the Champagne and handed a glass to Laura. "To our success," Hedda said as she held up her glass in a toast.

Laura raised her glass slightly and then sipped the Champagne. It was delicious and Laura was surprised. She took another sip and found it incredibly good. Laura knew that it had to be expensive because none of the cheap stuff she ever drank tasted this good.

"This Champagne is excellent. What brand is it?" Laura asked politely.

"This is Krug. I go back and forth between Krug and Dom Pérignon but I like this vintage of Krug the best. I'm glad that you like it," Hedda said and then she finished her glass.

Laura drank faster than she normally did and Hedda refilled both glasses. They sat on the sofa and discussed the play and Laura's background. During the course of their conversation Hedda opened another bottle of Champagne and refilled their glasses. Laura was already feeling the effects of the Champagne after two glasses and now she had a third in her hand. Hedda was so pleasing and easy to talk with that Laura was completely relaxed. After the third glass of Champagne, Laura was light headed and almost giddy.

Hedda took the glass from Laura's hand realizing that she had had enough, Hedda set the glass down on the table. Hedda then refilled her own glass and when she returned to the sofa she sat closer to Laura. Hedda's pussy was on fire as she was anxious to seduce the young woman and get her into bed. Hedda had done this before however and she knew just how to pace herself. Hedda allowed her legs to brush against Laura's leg as they talked. Laura ignored the casual touching as she was sure that it was accidental but then Hedda set her glass down and reached for Laura.

"You are so beautiful that I have to kiss you Laura," Hedda said softly.

Hedda leaned in and took Laura in her arms and kissed her on the lips. Laura went stiff in Hedda's arms and she realized at that moment that it was decision time. Laura was no virgin but she had never had sex with a woman in her life. Laura was not even curious about sex between two women and now she was confronted with it. She could get up and leave but she knew that would be the end of her chance for a role in the play. She could let Hedda make love to her and secure a role in the play; after all Hedda had spoken on Laura's behalf and insisted that she be given the part. 

Hedda's kisses had become more insistent now and Laura still struggled with her decision. Then Laura decided not to throw away a career opportunity and responded to Hedda's kisses. The two women kissed and their tongues entered each other's mouth. Laura found Hedda's lips to be soft and the kisses were tender. Then Laura felt Hedda's hands on her breasts through the cotton sweater and she once again tensed up momentarily. Hedda's hands moved under Laura's sweater, found the bra clasp and expertly unhooked it with one hand. Hedda's hand moved under the bra and cupped one of Laura's firm tits. Hedda let the hard nipple slide between her fingers as she caressed Laura's breast. 

Laura was breathing hard now into Hedda's mouth as they continued to French kiss. Hedda then broke the kiss and ran her hand over Laura's thigh. "What do you think of mini skirts?" Hedda asked surprising Laura with the question.

"Oh, I like them, they are very fashionable," Laura replied.

"I like them because they make you so accessible," Hedda said as she ran her hand up Laura's thigh under the skirt. 

Laura jumped when Hedda's hand touched the bare skin above the hose. Hedda ran her hand lightly over the exposed skin of Laura's thigh between the hose and the panty. Laura was surprised when she felt that familiar tingling in between her legs and she knew that her panties would soon be wet if they weren't already. Hedda's hand grazed over Laura's panty covered vulva and she was pleased to feel the dampness on the panty.

"I think it's time for us to remove each other's panties," Hedda whispered in a raspy tone displaying her own excitement.

Laura again thought about leaving but again she dismissed it a she knew that Hedda was her road to success. Hedda ran both hands under Laura's skirt and pushed the skirt up as she grabbed the panty waistband. Then Hedda slowly pulled Laura's panties down and off her legs. Laura had her eyes closed and her fists clenched as she gave in to her seductress. Hedda removed Laura's shoes along with the panties and then she placed kisses on the inside of Laura's thighs. Laura's pussy was dripping wet and she could feel Hedda's closeness to it. Hedda teased Laura by kissing around the vulva but she never tongued Laura's pussy.

"Now I want you to take off my panties," Hedda whispered.

Laura moved her hands to Hedda's thighs and she was surprised to feel how silky and smooth Hedda's skin felt. Laura took a hold of Hedda's panties and pulled them down the star's shapely legs. Hedda held her skirt up so that he pussy was visible to Laura and she heard Laura gasp in surprise. Laura was looking at Hedda's bare pussy which was shaven clean. Laura had never been this close to a woman's pussy in her life and now she was looking at a hairless one.

"I prefer to keep mine shaven," Hedda said.

Hedda then had Laura lie on her back on the sofa. Hedda pulled Laura's bra and sweater up over her breasts and then she pulled Laura's mini skirt up to her waist. Hedda then moved in a 69 position on top of Laura and lowered her mouth to Laura's pussy. Laura flinched at the first contact of Hedda's tongue on her pussy but then she felt her juices flow when Hedda began to lick it. Laura looked up at Hedda's bald pussy hovering above her face knowing that she was expected to reciprocate. Laura then lifted her head up, caught a whiff of Hedda's sex and then she crossed the line as she ran her tongue over Hedda's pussy.

Hedda moaned softly into Laura's pussy when she felt Laura's tongue on her labia. The two beauties made quite a sight on Hedda's sofa as they engaged in foreplay still partially clothed. Laura, being her first time, tried to copy everything that Hedda did to her. Hedda then sat up and moved off the sofa. Laura looked puzzled and at first she thought that she was doing it wrong. Hedda then smiled at Laura and took Laura's hand. 

"Let's go into my bedroom where we will be more comfortable," Hedda said as she helped Laura to her feet.

This was the final threshold for Laura. Engaging in sex partially clothed on a sofa was one thing but moving to the bedroom and being totally naked was another thing. Laura struggled with her inner feelings as she knew once she entered the bedroom she was committed to Hedda for the night. Laura once again gave in to her career goals and accepted her fate. Hand in hand they walked into Hedda's bedroom and once again Laura was taken with the décor. Hedda had a large four poster French provincial bed complete with a canopy. It was a very erotic setting.

Laura followed Hedda into the bedroom and Hedda walked over behind Laura and unzipped the back of her mini skirt and let it fell to the floor leaving Laura standing in her hose, sweater and bra.

"Let's get these off you," Hedda said as she removed Laura's sweater and bra.

Laura's arms instinctively covered her breasts and Hedda laughed at Laura's shyness. "Now the hose," Hedda announced as she dropped to her knees behind Laura and pulled the hose down and off Laura's legs.

Hedda felt her loins surge as the hose cleared Laura's curvy ass and uncovered her shapely legs. Although it was only seconds it seemed like minutes as Hedda stared at Laura's naked beauty. Hedda then quickly shed her clothes so that they were both naked. Then Hedda walked around in front of Laura and kissed her. The two women embraced and kissed as their breasts pressed together. Hedda pulled the covers down and they got on her big bed where they lay down, kissed and softly stroked each other. As Laura kissed Hedda her hand went to Hedda's breast cupping and fondling it. Laura caught her lover's nipple and rolled it between her fingers, gently pulling on it. Hedda loved it and pressed her chest upward encouraging Laura to play with her tits. Laura fondled and played with Hedda's tits and nipples the same way Hedda had with hers earlier. Hedda moaned and writhed on the bed and just when Hedda thought she could stand it no more, Laura's hand went down Hedda's body, stroked her belly then moved lower to cup Hedda's pussy mound. Hedda spread her thighs wide for her new lover as Laura slid her hand down a little further and pressed her finger inward.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" Hedda cried out. 

Laura's finger moved down and slid up inside Hedda's pussy. Hedda moaned as it felt so good. Hedda knew her pussy was dripping and as Laura's finger moved upward and inward, Hedda screamed when Laura rubbed her clit. Laura did it just the way she had often done it to herself, moving her finger around in circles over her hard g-spot. It was the first time that Laura had ever fingered a pussy other than her own and she kind of liked the feel of another pussy. As Hedda lifted her hips upward toward her lover's finger, Laura moved down a little and slipped her other hand into Hedda's pussy. Laura pressed her finger down and found Hedda's opening and slid a slick finger inside her driving her wild. 
