 Laura held up the skimpy lingerie to Cindy and asked her what she thought of it. Her friend considered for a moment, and responded 

"I think John would have that off you in about 5 seconds!" She said with a smile. The two best friends were having fun, had been shopping at the mall all day, and rummaging through the Victoria Secret store had made them both a little silly. 

"I think 5 seconds is optimistic." Laura replied with a wink. "John is the horniest guy in history!" She held up the skimpy garment in front of her friend and added "I actually think this color would look better on you, why don't you try it on?" 

Cindy agreed, and they moved into the dressing rooms, Laura waiting outside while Cindy shimmied into the clingy material. She opened the door, and Laura felt a momentary shock at the sight, her best friend was simply the most beautiful woman she had ever seen, her trim athletic body accented wonderfully by the gauzy material, her perfect tits seemingly defying gravity even without a bra. 

"Wow." Was all she said. 

"Thanks!" Cindy laughed "That's exactly the effect I was hoping for! Maybe I'll end up walking bowlegged like you are today when Mike sees it." But she doubted it. Her boyfriend Mike was, to put it kindly, a shlub. They had been dating since like 7th grade, and as the years went on, the mismatch became apparent to anyone except apparently Cindy. Mike wasn't all that well endowed, and he compounded it by not being very good in bed. Despite having lost her virginity to mike at 16, she was still in search of her first orgasm. Laura caught the slight look in Cindy's eyes and asked her quickly what was wrong.

Cindy sighed, sat down on the dressing room chair and related her story to Laura, most of which Laura knew already. 

"I mean, I love Mike and all, but sometimes I want a little more." She said, then hesitated. 

"More what?" Laura asked. 

"Oh, more passion, more interest, and let's face it, more dick!" She then covered her mouth in mock horror. "I didn't mean that." She added lamely. 

"Yes you did." replied Laura, adding "It's ok, Cin, you're my best friend we can talk about anything." She was still acutely aware of her pal's near nakedness and couldn't imagine anyone not wanting to jump her bones all day every day. What a loser Mike is, she thought, far from the first time. 

"Well, I hear you talk about John, how amazing the sex is, and I've never felt that. Mike talks about getting married, and I wonder if I'll ever feel what it's like to have a real cock inside me." She said. 

"Oh you will." Laura replied with a devilish grin, before quickly adding, "I mean, I'm sure you will, someday." Maybe today, she thought to herself. "And as far as Mike goes, anyone who doesn't want to hammer that hot bod of yours all day long is probably gay anyways." Both girls laughed, and Cindy, feeling a sudden surge of love and appreciation for her friend, hugged Laura fiercely. 

They held the hug for a long moment, long enough for Laura to start feeling a little buzzing in her panties. When they separated, Cindy's eyes were a little moist, so Laura said

"Ok, girlfriend, get dressed, we need a drink for sure."

Laura went to leave the dressing room, but Cindy, without waiting, quickly pulled the skimpy teddy over her head, causing Laura to almost gasp out loud at the sight of her perfect shaved box, accented by only the thinnest of tan lines. When Cindy turned and bent over to retrieve her skirt the floor, the urge to grab that amazing ass was incredible. She bit her lip and restrained herself, for the moment. It was time to put the plan in motion. 

An hour later, the girls were on their third giant margarita and feeling great, talking about sex, the old times, anything and everything. They were sharing a booth, and Laura had made sure they were both on the same side of it. Cindy asked Laura all about her sex life, and Laura was relating it in great detail, graphically, and it was getting both girls hot. 

"So he came home, handcuffed you and fucked you in the ass? Just like that? With Michelle downstairs?" Cindy couldn't imagine it. When she had sex with her boyfriend, it was always the same, always her idea, and never lasting more than 10 minutes. "That must have been so hot." 

The conversation continued along this way as another couple margaritas bit the dust, Laura making sure to take every opportunity to wax poetic about her boyfriend's sexual prowess. 

Along the way, she also cleverly insinuated the fact that John thought Cindy was beautiful, sexy, smart, etc, etc. John had taught her this trick, calling it "laying the groundwork." She knew if she threw her idea at her friends before she was ready, it would all blow up in her face. And by now, she wanted it as bad as John probably did. 

The conversation turned to specific sexual acts, Cindy not believing Laura's claim that she often had an orgasm just from her boyfriend's talented fingers. Laura sensed an opening, leaned closer, placed her hand on her best friends inner thigh, and whispered in Cindy's ear 

"Act natural." Slowly she worked her fingers between Cindy's legs, expertly moving her thong to one side and going right for the G spot on the very top of her friend's box. Cindy did anything but act naturally, going rigid and opening her eyes wide. 

When Laura eventually slid a finger inside her, she gasped loudly enough for the table across from them to turn for a moment. Laura kept up the pressure, working her finger in small circles, slowly increasing the pace. Her friends fair complexion turned pinker as she became flushed with pleasure. 

Both girls were startled and jumped when the waiter came by. When he asked if they needed anything else, they both said 

"Check please." At the same time and broke into mild hysterics. After paying the tab, neither girl was able to drive, so they called a cab. 

Almost as soon as soon as the cab left the curb, Laura was all over her pal, her hand between her legs, and, in the(relative)privacy of the back seat, surprised cindy even further by kissing her neck and ear as her finger again found Cindy's button. 

"W-What are you D-Doing?" Cindy breathed. "This is crazy." 

"It's crazy that you've gone this long without experiencing what you are about to experience." Laura replied. She knew, better than Cindy did, how close her pal was to orgasm. She knew the signs. 

Laura looked up into the rear view mirror and saw the cab drivers eyes in hers. She winked at him in the mirror, and added cattily 

"Enjoy the show, but just don't crash." She knew guys well enough to know that the man was driving one handed by now. She returned to her friend, looking to finish what she had started. As Cindy approached the point of no return, she whispered into her friend's ear

"I want you to cum for me." Cindy looked at her, unable to reply, unable to even form a word, her mouth open in a small "O" and her breath getting raspy. She nodded inanely, like she had any choice at this point. 

When she finally came, Laura stifled her yelp by kissing her full on the mouth and holding it while Cindy's body was wracked by spasms. A low grunt from the front seat told Laura that her cabbie had completed his mission as well. Cindy slumped into the seat, as Laura noticed they had been sitting at a stop sign for several minutes now. 

She kicked the seat in front of her, snapping the driver into action. 

Cindy spent the remainder of the cab ride with her head laid on her friend's shoulder. Confused but happy, and annoyed at her dipshit boyfriend for being unable to do in 10 years what Laura had pulled off in 15 minutes. When they pulled up in front of Laura's house, the cabbie refused the fare with a smile. 

"I should pay you!" he laughed. "Just please call me anytime you two are going out!" He was an older guy who probably just had the experience of his life. Laura rewarded him with a smile, and laid her hand (yes that hand) on his cheek for a long moment. He breathed deeply, then thanked the girls again and drove off.

Cindy was still quiet and disoriented, trying to process her day and not doing it quickly. She realized she was at Laura's house without her car, but allowed Laura to hold her hand and pull her towards the house. 

"Let's go get naked!" Laura said. Cindy's heart flipped a little at that, halfway up the driveway she noticed John's truck in the driveway, and mentioned it to Laura. 

"Yes, he's here. Come on." She said with no further elaboration. Seeing John's truck brought back every detail of Laura's account of her sex life. He was inside? She was going to get naked with him there? Her panties were drenched in anticipation, while her mind whirled. She still couldn't really believe Laura intended to share her boyfriend with her, despite her words. 

Entering the house, the girls were confronted with a mess. On the floor lay an empty bottle, a Twister matt, unfinished drink glasses, and, most shockingly, piles of clothes strewn around, including two complete cheerleading outfits. 

Cindy was perplexed, but Laura was unfazed, seemingly not noticing, leading her friend over to the couch, laying her on her back, and stripping her down to her thong. 

Cindy was still floating, like it wasn't happening to her and she was watching it on TV. She meekly allowed Laura to push her onto her back, kissing Cindy's neck and ears and lips. When she slowly moved down to Cindy's perfect breasts, Cindy closed her eyes and abandoned any resistance. Laura finally made her way between Cindy's legs, cupping her best friend's ass as she slowly kissed Cindy through her panties. 

After a few minutes, Cindy felt the now familiar feel of an approaching orgasm, but her pal sat up, pulled Cindy to her feet, and said 

"Let's go upstairs."