 As my wish for new experiences and fantasy fulfillment continue I move more and more toward the wild side of living and find it makes me enjoy it all the more. I had always had the fantasy of being a call girl and finally decided I would try it to see if the reality could be as exciting.

A female friend had given me the name of a call-girl operation in a nearby city for women only. I had called the number explaining that I was interested in employment on a weekend basis only. The woman I spoke with said that would be satisfactory and that she was always interested in having extra people she could call. I arranged to drive to the city the following Friday night and took a motel room under a false name for the weekend, paying in cash. I then called the service and was given an address to which to drive for an interview. The woman who met me at the door was in her mid-forties and dressed somewhat severely. I guess I had expected her to be in some sort of sexy clothing but Barb, the "madam" did not see customers herself but instead did only the arranging.

The first few minutes of our conversation were mostly verbal dicing around, telling me that our conversation was being recorded, etc. to insure that I was not a vice-squad police woman trying to entrap her. After I assured her that was not the case and finally reaching a level of trust she then told me there was no recorder and that no records would be kept with my name. In fact she did not even want to know my real name. We decided to call me "Champagne" while I was a working girl and that was the only name I would use with either customers or her. She asked if I had any prior experience or restrictions other than sex always being with women and I told her no on both questions. She also asked me if I had previously had sex with a woman which I had but apparently that was not a requirement with her as long as I was willing to do so with my future customers.

She explained that all her business was on a referral basis only as each customer had to be recommended by another. Her $200 dollar fee would be paid daily to a P.O. box number. I would put the money in an envelope (she gave me several) and any additional money would be mine to keep. She said the absolute minimum would be $400 ($200 of it hers) and the rest would be what ever I could negotiate or what the customers wanted for their money. There was also a call-in system for our safety.

Most of the customers were regulars although about half of them would be non-residents of the city and would be staying in motel rooms. Many of the others who actually live in the city would also be staying in motels for their "playtime."

For my own peace of mind, my first time would be with a customer who had requested that two women be sent to her room. She said that although the customer had been recommended by one of her regulars, this was the first time with the service for the customer so there was no other information she could give me about her except her name was Sheila. From this I inferred that the Madam kept an extensive computer data base on her customers, their likes and dislikes, etc.

As I drove to meet "Shirley", the girl I would be working with I found more and more I was quivering with excitement. I was going to have paid sex with a total stranger. She would be dictating what would be done and I resolved that at least for this one time I was ready to try absolutely anything. I met Shirley in the bar to briefly get acquainted. Shirley was cute, about my age and explained that in real life she was a school teacher but did this on weekends for extra money and excitement. She said she was lesbian and had worked for the service for about six months and that she understood this was my first night as a pro. She said not to worry about about it being a first time as that nervousness would, if anything be a quality that a client would appreciate rather than my being a "jaded professional".

We went upstairs to our customer's suite. I was given a pleasant first impression as a very attractive woman of about 45 answered the door. Sheila was of medium height, a voluptuous build and from the obviously expensive jewelry she wore was very well off financially. She wore a dark blue silk pegnior. Her perfume was also expensive. She appeared to be already very sexually excited. She also seemed somewhat reticent to actually say what it was she wanted from us. She prepared us drinks and seemed to want to chat about everything from the weather to politics. Finally, Shirley, sensing her nervousness took things in hand by telling Sheila that we weren't there for conversation and we really wouldn't be shocked to hear what she had in mind for our evening.

After taking a big breath Sheila explained that her preference for the evening was to be dominated into performing whatever sex we wanted her to do. Through our conversation I gathered she was a high placed executive in a very lucrative but also stressful job. She spent every day being the "boss-lady" who always had to do all the decision making and now that she was paying for it, wanted to give up that power in order to obtain excitement and her own sexual release. She said that at some time during the evening she wanted to eat her first pussy. She said that while she had had sex with another woman she had been the passive partner. She had never "actively done it" and wanted to try.

Shirley immediately got into the act. She asked our customer if she had a camera in her luggage which she did. Shirley had her bring it to her. She was then commanded to strip down to her high heels and jewelry and to do so for the camera. Sheila, looking like she had been hit with a thunderbolt began to call everything off until we promised her that the camera and pictures would stay with her for her own enjoyment. With that proviso the woman seemed to enjoy being dominated even more with the camera to record her subjugation.

Then, for the camera, the woman was made to strip and perform. Sheila was required to insert her fingers in her pussy and ass, always with a big smile on her face, even if it was a bit forced at times, as she played the part of a wanton slut. We began her evening by watching her masturbate herself almost to orgasm. But we required her to stop just short of satisfaction. Leaving her breathing very heavily and very frustrated. Then on her knees she helped us out of our cloths as the camera continued to record her actions while only showing her mistresses from profile or from the neck down. She then was sent to her purse to get the $400 cash fee for each of us. As ordered, she knelt to give us each our fee.

As I took the bills and put them into my purse Shirley, by this time was really getting into her roll. She said she would use her fingers on Sheila's clit and pussy but only if she really wanted it by showing that she wanted to eat me. Shirley grabbed the woman by the shoulders, "forced" her face between my legs, and ordered the woman to lick my pussy as if her life depended on it.

The woman did as she had been commanded. As I lay back and opened my legs wide Sheila lapped at my pussy for all she was worth. Her fantasy had become reality and she took to it like a bitch in heat. As my juices began to flow onto her face she became even more excited. As she ate me Shirley began to run her hands all over Sheila's body. As she became more and more excited she stopped eating me only long enough to beg Shirley to use her fingers on her. "Oh God, yes, please use your fingers. Please fuck me. I need it so bad." Shirley's response was "I told you to eat pussy, not talk. I'll do what I please with you". 

What she chose was to use her fingers on Sheila's kneeling body and worked her slowly but with complete control to her gushing climax. Simultaneously, as she began to cum, Shirley took two cloths pins from her purse and, as the woman went into orgasm, clamped them onto her nipples. Her cries of passion from the intensified pressure on her nipples and her completely involuntary thrashing of her hips onto Shirley's fingers as she shook from her orgasm was incredibly erotic to watch. Her firm hips humped in desperation as she was fucked by Shirley's hands and fingers. Her movements finally subsided as she began to come down from a sexually induced high that she was going to remember for many years to come. I am positive that her excitement was even more intense in having us there to observe her cuming.

We allowed the woman a short rest and offerred to remove the clamps from her nipples. She accepted but first, at her request, had her picture taken while on the floor, reclining against a couch with legs held well apart, wearing a big smile, her fingers shoved up her pussy and the cloths pins on her nipples.

Shirley than asked me to lie down on the bed on my front with my hips elevated with a pillow and my legs spread wide. Shirley then required her to crawl around behind me and eat my ass until I came. At first the woman was hesitant but she did as instructed. Her tentative tongue at first darted around my asshole but, as she became more and more excited from Shirley's moving hands, she drove her tongue deep into my ass. I was loving it. Shirley by this time was feeling horny from observing all the goings on and moved down between my legs and began to eat my pussy. With the two tongues, one on my pussy and one on my ass, enthusiastically driving me on I came with a shudder. After resting for a short time I ordered the woman to eat Shirley's pussy and she was only too happy to comply. Shirley's enjoyment was obvious as she was quite vocal once she was excited.

Next from Shirley's bag we got a harness and phallus that, while large was smooth and tapered. I went into the bathroom and pulled on the harness and couldn't help but stop for a minute in front of the mirror to see what I looked like as a she-male. I was fascinated to see myself with a dick between my legs and turned from side to side to admire the view. But there was work to be done. I returned to the bedroom and drenched the cock with K-Y and moved behind Sheila who was still on her knees licking away at Shirley's by now very wet pussy. I told Sheila not to miss a beat at Shirley's pussy as she got fucked in the ass. She conveyed her willingness as she continued by licking even more enthusiastically while simultaneously spreading her legs as wide as she was able.

I got on my knees behind Sheila and ever so slowly worked "my" cock into her ass. As she became more and more excited I decided to give her even more. I took a vibrator from Shirley's bag and inserted it in our customer's pussy. As my fingers worked the vibrator and my hips worked the cock and as Shirley pulled her face in harder to her wet pussy, Sheila's excitement again consumed her as her hips again began to work back and forth furiously in their instinctual abandon and she came with a scream she couldn't contain.

As Sheila was by this time almost totally exhausted we then dressed to leave. She insisted on giving each of us a tip of another hundred dollars and shyly asked to keep the cloths pins as a souvenir. Shirley and I then left to go downstairs and had a drink together at the bar. Shirley also checked with the service and received the address she was to go to to meet her next customer. She also insisted I stay with her on weekends when I came to work for the service. As I had really enjoyed her oral talents while she was eating me I think I'll accept.

To be continued?...