 I got a call from Laurie a while ago. She is a dear friend of mine that lives about 6 hours away. "What are you doing later today?" She needed a favor but didn't know how to ask. 

"Your wish is my command, and it always has been as long as it is in my power." 

She basically said that she knew I couldn't travel being 8 months pregnant but wondered if I could come to her hotel room about 8pm or so and plan on spending the night. 

"That is good as done."

She said she would explain the rest later. I called Justin and told him the plan and would fill him in when I knew more. 

I cleaned up and headed to the hotel. She had not arrived yet but gave me a key and told me to relax. I went to the room, which had a king-sized bed in it. I must have gotten too comfy because I fell asleep. 

The next thing I knew, Laurie was waking me up by touching my belly. She snuggled up beside me in her bathing suit and said, "We should go for a dip." We got into the pool and swam a little bit. I felt like a rock, I didn't float very well. 

Laurie was very quiet so I finally asked, "What's wrong?"

She avoided my question for a bit and then started to talk. "You know my birthday is in just a couple of weeks. I have been having dreams that I will not make it to my birthday."

"I have been dreaming that I am having 7 babies but I am pretty sure that isn't going to happen."

She chuckled and then got serious again. "Anyways, I have been thinking about unfinished business and there is only 1 thing on the list that I can do a damn thing about. You are the one thing on my list that I need to make right. I was going to do this in October, but I decided not to take the chance. I need to be right with you."

I fell back against the pool edge not knowing what to say. She is so serious about this, almost like a last wish. How could I say no? I asked her, "Are you sure?" I would hate for one of her last memories to be of regret. 

She slid over to me, and whispered in my ear, "I want to be one of the lucky ones to have loved you, not only in bed but also in life. If I die, you will be the last person I make love to. I will do Roy on my birthday if I am still alive."

I saw all the emotions in her eyes, she couldn't be more serious. I met her gaze and said, "Ok, but now I had to get out of the pool." I was cold and had the eeriest feeling, like I knew what she was saying and feeling was true.

We went back to the room. While she was in the bathroom, I called James and Andrea to tell them what was going on. They both wanted to come out and I told them I would let them know when. She was in the shower so I went and joined her, doing exactly what I wanted to her. I told her about Andrea and James, and then I am yours for the night. I had never seen this side of Laurie. All of a sudden she pushed me against the wall and kissed me like I had seen her do to Roy. She was very serious.

I got out and called Andrea and James back. I told them to be here in 10 minutes or forever hold your peace. They showed up and we chatted for a bit before Laurie got my attention. She told me what she wanted me to do and I did it. She wanted me to give them a show. It wasn't long before I heard James's zipper and purr's from Andrea. I kept it up till Laurie came. 

She climbed off the bed and went to James. She pulled his dick full out and gave him the blowjob he had been promised for so long. She was amazing to watch. Finally, she let him blow and swallowed like a pro. She looked at me and winked before going over to Andrea to sit on her lap. She leaned over and whispered something in her ear. Andrea blushed and then they kissed. Laurie got up and went to the bathroom. Andrea walked over and kissed me without saying a word. James followed in suit and said he would see me tomorrow. 

They both left and I sat down on the bed. My mind was racing a mile a minute until I heard the bathroom door open. Laurie was in this amazing black lingerie, and came to kneel in front of me. She looked me square in the eyes and said, "I want to know that this is real. I want you to make love to me. Let me go to sleep. Wake me up doing what you did that night you first made love to me when I freaked out because of my past. That way the only thing I remember about doing a girl is about being with you."

I tried to protest but she kissed me as she pushed me back on the bed. We made love for a long time, she surprising me a time or two along the way. She finally fell asleep in my arms. I let her sleep for a while, preparing myself for the freak out that I expected. 

I crawled between her legs and started to worship her with long tongue strokes and then flicking her clit. She swatted me away mumbling, "Please stop." 

"Laurie; it's me not those bad people." I started again. We went through the same thing again. This time I slid up next to her hugged her and whispered in her ear, till she came to. I kissed her on the lips and we were at it again. I did everything she wanted and helped to ease if not erase the past. It was four in the morning when she looked me dead in the eyes again. 

"I know now what I missed, and I finally feel at peace with everything bad in my life. I can honestly say that it is okay and if anything happens, I love you for everything you are and everything you have done for me." We fell asleep in each other's arms. She woke me up the next morning to take her to the bus stop. 

The Friday before her birthday she called me demanding to know what the baby was so that she could go shopping. At 8 am the next morning, there was a beating wake up call to tell me that Laurie had been in a car accident and she died instantly. All I could think was, she knew what the baby was and that is just one more guardian angel to go along with so many others that have gone before. Love always till we meet again.