 Six months had past since the last time she laid eyes on her former Protector, every moment they where apart was like a searing hot knife through her heart which slowly twisted with each day. Never seen outside the Royal Court, Princess Cleo had become a shadow of her former self in the absence of the woman she had come to love, too the point where she had abandoned her own large and lavish Royal Quarters, too live in those where Talia had once slept, refusing stepping foot outside of the room itself. Her once long, black hair had been cut short, too emulate the Military style which Talia had always wore.

Adorning the walls of the small quarters, where pictures of Talia and Princess Cleo which had been taken in the past years they where together as her protector and closest friend. Each night, Cleo had cried herself too sleep. Almost refusing too eat or wear clothing since she last took off the long white silk dress too make love to Talia for the first time as lovers, her memory had continued too replay the last time they where together, in the showers. Their hands exploring each other's bodies, the soft and gentle kisses they both shared and the promise that Talia made for that night where they would consummate their lesbian love for each other. 

"Until tonight then. I will make you beg for me too stop, Your Highness!" 

Talia's soft and erotic words echoed through her mind as her fingers slowly moved over her hardening nipples, Cleo's legs spread slowly as she ran her fingers through her pubic hair and down towards her warm and wet pussy lips. Freezing the memory of Talia stood before her naked, she pushed a single finger inside herself as she moaned softly at her own delicate touch while she teased herself in the way she had remembered Talia doing on that last time they shared in each other's arms six months earlier.

Six months ago...

After reading the letter from Talia, Cleo collapsed onto her bed as her tears ran free. What she had not told anyone was, that she had loved Talia too the point of asking for her to be her protector so that she could spend every waking hour in her presence. Many times she had wanted too explain her true feeling too the beautiful woman, but fear always stood in the way until fate dropped her a life line of seeing her closest friend naked, the training sessions and later the times in the showers. Cleo had quickly picked up the martial arts skills she was being taught by her friend, yet she had always resisted fighting back so that she could be thrown around by her friend. Many times are the training sessions and showers, Cleo had returned too her private quarters and masturbated herself to the images of her friend laying ontop of her from the training and seeing her in tight and muscular naked body in the showers.

Several times, she had even been lucky enough to sleep in the same bed as her friend, although all she did was watch her sleep, her amazing C-Cup breasts rising and falling as she gently breathed in her sleep, her lips softly parting with each breath.

Several nights earlier, in Las Vegas, they had spent the evening with many drinks before they once again shared the same bed. Around 2am, Cleo awoke to an erotic dream of her friend as she did on many nights. Calming her breathing, she looked too her left as Talia lay on her side facing away from her. The covers had been thrown off Talia as beads of sweat rolled off her naked body, in the moonlight, the beads of sweat shone like diamonds off her back and tight buttocks. Slowly slipping out of her camisole and panties, she threw them onto the floor as she looked at her friend's naked body and smiled. 

Cleo's hands trembled slightly as she reached out and traced her curves with her fingertips down too Talia's waste and finally across her buttocks softly. Resisting the urge to lick the sweat from her friend's body, Cleo moved up the bed slowly and pressed herself against Talia's back and breathed in her scent before carefully placing her left arm over her waist to spoon her before she fell back too sleep with content. 

With a large smile upon her face, she awoke in the morning with her left hand softly placed on Talia's left breast, their bodies pressed close too each other's drenched with sweat. Suddenly, Talia awoke from her sleep as she felt a hand on her breast, a body pressed against her back. Almost in unison, the two leapt out of bed and stood facing each other in shock as Talia spoke quickly. 

"Umm.. Cleo, I'm, I'm sorry"

"What? What... umm. No, that's okay" Cleo said quickly as she blushed.

Had Talia been looking, she would have seen that her friend was dripping wet with excitement. All she wanted to do now was too throw her friend on the bed and burry her face between her legs, taste her juices, taste her breasts and taste her kisses. However, she knew that she could not let her friend see her excitement or her eyes examining Talia's body carefully. Cleo had been interested in women since the day of her eighteenth birthday when she was granted two handmaidens too bathe and dress her as for the first time she saw not one, but two beautiful naked women. The night of her eighteenth birthday, she was introduced too womanhood by the two women as they slowly and seductively made love too her. For months in secret, she had slept with the two women until her true feelings for Talia came to the surface.

Now, for the first time she knew what she had too do, she had too taste her friend's tight pussy, but not here and not now. Over the following days, she devised a plan too see her friend naked once more and hopefully make love to her as she had wanted to do for so long. The night they returned home, she placed her plan in motion, a plan too seduce her lifelong friend and finally taste her hairless lips. 

After seeing Talia dress before they arrived home, she knew that she was wearing nothing under her standard uniform, arriving back at her private quarters, she convinced Talia too have a girls night in, with one stipulation, that no guns or clothes where allowed. Agreeing, the two friends sat on two large chair before a large screen as they laughed and joked at movie that was playing before them while all the time, she kept one eye on her naked friend beside her. Finishing off many drinks, Cleo knew the time too make her move was finally arriving, yet how would she make the first move? But then fate offered her a life line as Talia spilt some of the drink on her body. Laughing, Talia looked up at the ceiling as she reached for a towel next too her, too clean herself off.

"No-no, don't waste it! I'll get it!" Cleo laughed.

Slowly sliding off her chair drunk, Cleo crawled between her friend's legs and delicately ran her tongue up her body from Talia's knees, taking in every drop of the alcohol covering her friend's toned body. Smiling, Talia rolled her head back and moaned with pleasure as Cleo's soft and wet tongue ran over her left nipple slowly as she felt her friend's large breasts press against her body softly. As she spread her legs slowly, Cleo's tongue ran up her chest and past her neck until their lips met for the first time in a soft and playful kiss. 

Slowly moving away from the shared kiss, the two life-long friends laughed slightly as they looked into each other's eyes. The soft scent of Cleo's perfume filled Talia's senses while the beautiful princess ran her fingers over her friend's lips softly causing the air around them filled with sexual energy as in unison, they both moved closer for a kiss which seemed to last for hours as time almost stood still for the two of them.

Excitement at what was happening filled the air as Talia's arms wrapped around Cleo and their tongues danced around each other's. Cleo's heart pounded like a hammer while they pressed their bodies together and Talia wrapped her legs around Cleo's waist as they both moaned with pleasure at the feeling of their breasts pressing against each others. Kissing wildly down her neck, Cleo squeezed Talia's breasts as her lips and tongue found her right nipple. Moaning loudly, Talia called out her friend's name with excitement as the Princess's expert lips and tongue moved towards her wet and inviting pussy lips while her hands continued too toy with her C-Cup breasts. 

"Hmm, Please. Cleo Please!" She called out as she could feel her friend's hot breath on her wet pussy lips. 

Cleo's dreams had come true, she was inches away from Talia's tight wet pussy, savouring the scent of her friends tight wetness, Cleo finally ran the tip of her tongue over her waxed and wet lips. Her own tight pussy almost exploded from the first taste as she sat between her friend's parted legs and locked her lips around her new lover's pussy while her hands caressed Talia's breasts.

Leaning back in her chair, Talia screamed with ecstasy as she threw her legs over the princess's shoulders and grabbed her hair, pushing her expertly timed tongue deep inside her. Sweat dripped from her brow as her tight body began too shake from the multiple orgasms while Cleo continued too lick her swollen lips and suck on her hard clitoris. Gasping for breath, Talia collapsed into the large chair as Cleo looked up into her eyes with a smile on her face while she continued too softly lick her friend's dripping pussy clean. Gasping for breath as her heart pounded, Talia looked down at Cleo as she sighed with sexual relief given to her by the beautiful woman between her legs. 

Slowly, Cleo sat up as she looked directly into Talia's eyes while he licked her lips to savour the taste of her friend's hairless pussy. Unable too hold back, Talia leapt forwards and pushed her friend backwards onto the floor as she lay ontop her as they kissed with all of the passion they had. Talia almost forced herself upon the Princess beneath her as her hands took over a life of their own. Laughing slightly at the excitement, Talia looked down upon the Princess as she smiled and kissed her softly once more, her wet pussy dripped softly onto Cleo's as their breasts pressed together once more. 

"You do realise... that I could get in all kinds of trouble for this?" Talia smiled.

"I'll tell them I ordered you to fuck me. You do want too, don't you?" Cleo said softly.

Sitting on the floor at her side, Talia pulled up so she was sat upwards facing her, their legs wrapped around each other's waist whilst their hands softly explored every curve of each other's bodies, stopping only for brief and tender kisses. Unable too hold herself back any longer, she confessed her love for the woman sat naked before her, while her soft lips kissed her neck and shoulders while her hands softly traced the curves of her slender waist and down towards the ever growing wet patch which had formed on the floor between their legs. 

"I know!" Talia smiled, much too Cleo's shock.

"How do you know?"

"Babe, I've known you all my life. I've seen you watching me in the showers..." 

Leaning forwards, she kissed Cleo once more with drunken passion as she pushed her backwards towards the ground softly. With a large smile, she ran her tongue down Cleo's body while keeping her eyes firmly locked on the Princess's before her. 

"... I was awake in Vegas, I know what you did, I let you. Now it's my turn" Talia replied as she softly buried her face between the Princess's legs.

It was a night that Cleo would never forget, although Talia seemed too, for awhile anyway. Over the next few nights, Cleo watched Talia closely for any sign that she had remembered the love they had shared until one night, she watched as Talia masturbated herself, multiple times on the adjoining balcony between their rooms.

Hiding, Cleo watched as her own temperature arose while Talia delicately played with her tight waxed pussy and large breasts, each time afterwards she licked her fingers clean before starting over once again. Hidden away from view, but still able to see the show before her, Cleo emulated each movement of her friend's fingers upon herself as she brought herself to orgasm after orgasm until she lay on the cold hard balcony shaking while covered in sweat and her own sweet juices.

The morning after revealed amazing truth too the two young women as she they both exercised in the Palace gymnasium, although it did not take long before the two women wound up in each other's arms, locked in a passionate embrace, teasing each other as they planned a night of passion, a night of passion that would not arrive since the untimely arrival of Princess Cleo's Royal Duties destroyed any hope of a possible future between the two newly found lovers.

As the sun faded over the horizon, Cleo once again returned too her quarters with a large smile on her face, locking the doors behind her, she slipped her long silk dress off her perfect body and kicked it onto the bed as she let her long dark hair flow over her shoulders with a large smile on her face. Nerves over took her as she ran her fingers through her hair and pouted her lips softly as her fingers ran over her body softly, caressing every curve with sexual excitement she ran towards the door separating her personal space with those of her protector, pushing the doors open quickly, she jumped with joy as she spoke with excitement. 

"Talia, Talia, the wedding is off! After some negotiation, I told daddy that is was YOU I wanted. He was shocked at first, but said it was okay as long as I'm happy..." 

As her eyes adjusted too the darkness of the room, she saw the closet had been emptied of all clothing, the walls bare of awards and photos. Her face turned to shock as she searched each room of the smaller quarters while tears rolled down her face, finding nothing but empty rooms. She hung her head low as she walked into her own quarters and saw the letter lovingly placed upon her pillow with a small lipstick mark kissed onto the paper itself. Reaching out too pick up the note, her legs buckled from beneath her as she read the note while her tears smudged the dried ink upon the paper itself. 

"Talia! Why? We could've been... you where to be my Queen!" She wept uncontrollably.

Holding the note from Talia delicately in her left hand, Cleo picked herself up from the floor and ran from her own private quarters with tears flowing from her eyes as she ran naked through the royal palace, knocking over the many staff whom worked within the Royal Palace itself. Her tears ran free as she entered the private chambers of her Father, the King as he sat upright quickly in his bed before averting his eyes at the sight of his own naked daughter.

"She's left me Daddy!" Cleo sobbed.

"What? Cleo, please... put on some clothes!" The King said calmly.

"Why did she leave me daddy? I-I think I love her. Please, help me find her!" Cleo wept as she sat on her father's bed.

"I promise you, I will do what I can. You are after all my only daughter, my only child. My only wish is for you to be happy, if that means you are in a relationship with another woman... then so be it. I will do what I can"

Six months had past since the last time she laid eyes on her former Protector, every moment they where apart was like a searing hot knife through her heart which slowly twisted with each day. Never seen outside the Royal Court, Princess Cleo had become a shadow of her former self in the absence of the woman she had come to love, too the point where she had abandoned her own large and lavish Royal Quarters, too live in those where Talia had once slept, refusing stepping foot outside of the room itself. Her once long, black hair had been cut short, too emulate the Military style which Talia had always wore. 

Adorning the walls of the small quarters, where pictures of Talia and Princess Cleo which had been taken in the past years they where together as her protector and closest friend. Each night, Cleo had cried herself too sleep. Almost refusing too eat or wear clothing since she last took off the long white silk dress too make love to Talia for the first time as lovers, her memory had continued too replay the last time they where together, in the showers. 

Their hands exploring each other's bodies, the soft and gentle kisses they both shared and the promise that Talia made for that night where they would consummate their lesbian love for each other. 

'Until tonight then. I will make you beg for me too stop, Your Highness' 

Talia's soft and erotic words echoed through her mind as her fingers slowly moved over her hardening nipples, Cleo's legs spread slowly as she ran her fingers through her pubic hair and down towards her warm and wet pussy lips. Freezing the memory of Talia stood before her naked, she pushed a single finger inside herself as she moaned softly at her own delicate touch while she teased herself in the way she had remembered Talia doing on that last time they shared in each other's arms six months earlier.

Once again gasping for breath, Cleo's body shook as she released her orgasm once more and ran her fingers over her body slowly, caressing each curve of her body while replayed her memories once more as all she could think about was making love too Talia, over and over again, she knew that if she ever saw her again, she would never let her out of her sight, never allow the beautiful woman too leave her bed. From her memories, Cleo was familiar with ever curve of Talia's body, every slight scar from her military training, even the small birthmark on her left inner thigh which was shaped like a small heart. 

Over the past six months, Cleo had struggled too keep her mind together after Talia had left and the news of her father's illness which had almost confined him too his bed chambers. Upon the revelation of his illness, Cleo had released both of her personal Handmaidens too her father's side as nurse maids a job in which they had excelled until one month ago when Suri had disappeared from the Royal Home with no explanation as too her absence was given by the King or Cara, her lover.

For the first time since her personal isolation, Cleo looked up at the ceiling of her former lover's quarters and screamed aloud as she wept with anger at the betrayal she felt. Almost instantly, her feelings of love turned too a deep hate as she leapt off the bed and ran towards a full length mirror which hung on the wall, a deep and terrible anger swelled within her as she looked at herself in the mirror. A foul stench of sweat and stale sex by her own hand filled her senses as she looked at her own naked body in the mirror. 

Her once neatly trimmed pubic hair had grown like a wild forest floor, her once long and silky black hair was now short and greasy looking, her once pearly white teeth where almost yellow from plaque build up. Tears rolled down her face while she examined the person in the mirror who was unrecognisable to her own eyes. 

"WHHYYYY!" Cleo yelled as her legs buckled from beneath her, and she fell too the floor.

"What am I doing?" She mumbled slightly.

Looking at her own unrecognisable reflection in the mirror, she mumbled to herself 'I hate you'. After taking a deep breath, her mind seemed too become clear, as if they had a mind of their own, her legs pushed her too stand while a dark smile echoed over her face. For the first time in six months, her mind was clear and her thoughts had become focused like a laser beam. Kicking open the door which separated her quarters from those she had occupied, she stepped into her own quarters for the first time in six months as her replacement Royal Guard leapt off a sofa he had slept on since his reassignment too her guard.

Instantly, shock over came him as he leapt too attention, his large muscles tightened as his whole body tensed while he instantly saluted the young naked woman before him. Towering over her, with arms and legs seemingly larger then her waist, his square jaw clenched as she walked towards the giant of a man and she looked up into his eyes while he attempted too avoid looking directly at her naked body as she spoke with a deep dark voice. 
