 The night had been ravishing. Tell-tale escapades of bachelorette women. Leah and Aphrodite had devoured an entire club and were enjoying the reaction of the media from the comfort of their king bed.

They squirmed and giggled at the astounded expressions of crime scene investigators, officers and reporters on their flat-screen. "Worst slaughter this town has seen in centuries."

Chortling, Leah and Aphrodite caressed their captive, a blonde runner who simply wasn't fast enough.

"What's a college girl like you doing at a club on a school night?" Aphrodite teased.

The girl didn't move. She lay still, pretending to be dead from the bite marks on her neck.

"We know you're not dead. We can smell your life." Leah said, her voice weighted with boredom.

Whimpers escaped the girl's mouth as she futilely resisted bawling, burrowing her face further into the white comforter to muffle her cries.

"She asked for your name." Aphrodite said, pushing the girl.

"Elise!" She cried. Her fear chilled the room, but Aphrodite remained indifferent, even as Leah wriggled uneasily.

"Can we eat her now?" Leah asked.

"No! Don't you want to play?" Aphrodite scowled. Her incontestable grimace whipped wickedly.

Leah twitched and shuddered in response to the physical and emotional pain of irritating her master. She couldn't stand it anymore. Leaping to Elise, her teeth scraped the girl's skin.

Elise howled and writhed before them.

"Play nicely!" Aphrodite shouted. "I want to keep this one.... I can't believe you turned all those men."

"Excuse me?" Leah bolted upright, catching Aphrodite's gaze.

A moan erupted from Elise, backlash of vampire venom.

"Shut up! I'm having an argument here!" Aphrodite slapped Elise's ass, evoking a small terrified squeak from the poor girl.

"You hoard all these men in our castle." Aphrodite said, her voice laden with woman's passionate sentiment for feeling unappreciated.

"I don't sleep with men! Not even when I turn them. I thought you'd want them." Leah's mouth dropped in awe at what was happening. Is this dispute for the sake of having intellectual stimulation?

"What do you mean I'd want them?" Aphrodite bit.

"You're the one who STARTED hoarding men!" Leah shouted.

"That was a different time. I needed an army."

A bit more calm, Elise wiped her snot and tears on the comforter. As long as their attention was diverted, Elise felt a little calmer.

"You couldn't make an army of Amazon princesses?" Leah frowned. If Aphrodite wanted an army of women, she could've turned one conquest at a time.

"That's not the point." Eyes averted, Aphrodite pinched and twisted the comforter.

"That's exactly the point! Why are you allowed to be surrounded by men, but I'm not. I don't even sleep with them!" Leah poked and prodded Aphrodite.

"Hey! That was before I met you!" She swatted at Leah's pointer finger.

"Aren't you the goddess of love? Shouldn't you be more loving to your surroundings?"

"Stop Jading me!" Aphrodite growled.

"I'm not doing it intentionally! Can't you see I'm making an effort?" Leah hissed.

The two stopped and laughed. "Well, that was fun!" Aphrodite said.

"Oh dear." Leah sighed in exasperation. "Can I sleep now?"

Miffed disapproval, "Not funny. Vampires don't sleep." Aphrodite regressed to fiddling with the fabric.

"If you're not going to eat me..., may I go home, please?" Elise asked.

"Wow, she asked nicely." Leah looked at Aphrodite. It's quite impressive to have prey behave favorably when they're clearly commandeered.

Aphrodite petted Elise's head. "Such a pretty girl." She mumbled.

"So what now? We replace all the men?" Leah asked. Irritated fatigue pursed her lips. Wouldn't it be nice to have one easy day? Or would that be too dull?

"They have to go. Maybe keep one. Whomever is most loyal. But they have to go. I want you for myself. No man may look at you ever again." Aphrodite continued to caress Elise.

Elise groaned in sexual pleasure. What was happening? What was she feeling? Why the sudden change?

Soft, distinct, upset, Leah's fist pounded the bed. "Well, thank you for the compliment. Can't you trust me?"

"No. I'm already too jealous."

"Surrounding yourself with women is supposed to make me less envious?" Leah scowled.

"No, but you'll fuck better." A devious smiled crossed Aphrodite's lips.

Leah flopped onto the bed. Aphrodite won. She'd worn Leah out. "Whatever you want, my goddess."

Crawling Leah's body, Aphrodite's seductive hover and palms greedily roused the electrifying waves and jolts of romance, manipulatively grazing and titillating each rise and fall of Leah's skin. She kissed Leah with such fervor that Leah lay blissfully paralyzed.

"Why can't you just do that?" Leah grumbled.

"Sh. I'm doing it." Aphrodite whispered. Her nose and tongue massaged the contours of Leah's ear.

Watching curiously, Elise's head rose. "Wait. Can I try?"

Neither superior heard.

Aphrodite continued to retrieve sensual impulses within Leah's imagination, gently removing garments, licking, nibbling, sucking, blowing cool breaths over the wetted surfaces she marked on Leah's skin.

Leah's stunning voice moaned. "Oh my god, that's wonderful." She bucked and slithered beneath Aphrodite when something jaw-dropping happened.

An astonishing tingle erupted as Elise fingered Leah and licked the concave of Aphrodite's ass. "You're so beautiful." She murmured between mouthfuls.

"Whoa, slow down." Aphrodite said, lurching into Leah's body. "Holy snap! Slow down!" She groaned into Leah's neck.

Leah's sexually satiated fangs pierced her bottom lip as laughter broke the dam of her closed jaw. Her womanhood clenched Elise's fingers and rocked against Aphrodite's hand circling her clit.

The two lovers grappled each other under the hungry assault of their captive. Machine-gun orgasms, reaped when table turned, captive lusciously devouring captors. They huffed, heaved and moaned, gasping for air,

"Holy shit!" Aphrodite said. Her enervated butt intoxicatedly soaked in sublime recoil.

"I always wondered what women tasted like." Elise said, sucking Leah's cum off her fingers. She licked Aphrodite's quaking ass.

Snickering at Aphrodite's incapacitation helplessly battling Elise's appetite, Leah pushed Elise off. "You've never been with a woman?" She asked. "How is that possible?"

Elise shook her shoulders. "I don't know. Studied too much to have time."

Aphrodite, bewildered. "We got taken by a novice?" She gasped for air. "I'm the goddess of love. Why do you keep shocking me?" She asked Leah, as if Leah had the answer locked in a cloaked warehouse or bottomless well of lesbian experience.

Leah shrugged. "I think we should keep her."

"Yeah, definitely." Aphrodite said, rolling over and passing out on the bed.