 Ok, I read the comments of the first story and I edited the first copy and now submitting the new one for future readers. I was lazy when I submitted the first one and it was more of a test drive to see how many reads I could get. I see now people want edited stories and I understand, I can't stand reading stories with typos for days. I'm sorry and I hope I got most of the typos corrected! 

This is a personal fantasy that I've always thought about and I love it to pieces. I hope you enjoy this little story about a little shy girl being embraced by a loving friend. Please bare with me of course, there's action, just have to do a bit of reading first, or you skip down, your choice. Enjoy! 

***

It was time for another annual night on the town, or at least that's what us college kids called it. Once a month, on a Friday, we'd all go out and do fun things, most of which were illegal. We didn't all hang together, but if the cops rolled in, we always had each other's back. This time, I decided to bring my friend and roommate Aini, a nice little quiet girl that transferred from The Middle East about two years. She's a quiet girl that preferred books over movies, water over alcohol, walking over driving, salads over burgers, and classical music over pop. And I loved everything about her. I've been in love with her since we meet a few months ago. See, I'm a lowkey bisexual. Not many people know that because I don't go putting my sexuality on blast and I've only dated guys since I've been in college. But I'm currently single and so is the beautiful Aini. She's your average height with long soft black hair, beautiful brown eyes, and she has wonderful curves. She has a nice ass and she's carrying at least double D's if not triples on her chest and she's proportional. Not only that, she's the sweetest and shiest person I've ever meet. She's just wonderful! Thinking about her makes my stomach jump with excitement!

"Ok, where would you like to go first," I asked I drove my Kia Soul down a college student crowded road.

"No preference, I'm just following you," Aini said.

"Come on, there has to be somewhere you want to go. I'm at your disposal!"

"I mean, I don't really go out......"

"Ok, how about this. We'll avoid the crowds and go shopping for a while and then go out for dinner and then head back."

"Ok, could we stop by the bookstore on the way?"

I slowed the car to a stop and looked at her.

"Right, that's not cool," she said blushing and looking at her hands.

"What no. I just admire how you stay true to yourself, in fact, I admire everything about you."

She blushed again and smiled. "Thank you Britt."

"Of course my love! Now let's do this!"

We finally made it to a store that wasn't completely packed and had cute clothes. I had taken Aini around the store at least a dozen times so she could pick out something. What I'd give for her to show her curves. After picking out a few outfits, we headed to the fitting room to find that only one stall was available. I shrugged and pulled her inside. I began changing as soon as the door closed. 

"You gonna try on," I asked noticing that Aini wasn't moving.

"Well I.....you're just prettier than-"

"Stop right there ma'am. You're beautiful! Don't give me that crap! Now I need you strip and trying on these clothes to make yourself even more gorgeous!"

She smiled and unbuttoned her sweater. "Ok, and thank you once again," she said Aini.

"Welcome," I said with a nod. 

I tried my best not to stare as she stripped to her bra and underwear. I had never seen her half naked even though she's seen me tons of time. And my beautiful theory about her had just been proven correct. I felt myself become hot as I stared in awe at her beautiful curvy body. Damn! My heart began to pound and I watched her long hair dance across her shoulders and tickled her round, full breast. She looked up at me.

"Um Brittany?"

I shook my head. "What?"

"Are you going to finish trying on?"

"Oh, yeah, right," I said clearing my throat.

She smiled and continued what she was doing. I don't even care she that she saw I was staring. She knew I was bi though I didn't tell her up front. I drop hints, walking around in towel, always finding a way to go into the bathroom when she was in there, though I was never lucky enough to see her naked. 

We unfortunately finished trying on clothes and it was time to change and leave. I was wet now, that's how much I was staring at her. Thankfully I could wait till later to get myself off, that was definitely going to happen after seeing what I saw.

We found a nice quiet restaurant a little closer to school. On nights like this, college kids liked to avoid places close to campus. The food was really good and our waiter was sexy as hell! He was tall and toned. He had short brown hair and had beautiful hazel eyes. His voice was soft and soothing and you could tell he cared about his customers, especially Aini. I think a little crush developed in the matter of an hour. Sure he checked on me and didn't rush it, but he was really into Aini and I think she really liked it. She told me guys never really paid much attention to her, God only knows why. 

We were finally home. The ride home was quiet and I assumed Aini was thinking about Ethan, our waiter. She said she had a good time, which was good in my book, but she was acting a little weird and I finally had to ask what was going on. I sat down on her bed and watched her. She normally didn't readjust every 30 seconds when she was reading, something was up.

"Hey, something wrong," I asked.

"Hmmmm?" she said.

"Aini, something's wrong with you, what is it?"

"Nothing."

I grabbed her book and set it down. "Something's wrong, what is it."

She sighed and blushed as she thought about how to say whatever the issue was. "I....I'm uh....horny," she whispered.

"Say again," I said, not actually hearing what she said.

She sighed. "I'm horny."

I couldn't help but crack a smile. That was adorable! 

"Well, I'll leave you to handle that," I said not minding leaving her to handle herself.

"I would, but I'm not sure how. I...I've never......"

"You've never masturbated before," I said finishing her sentence.

"Yeah."

"Awe! My poor baby! What do you normally do when you're horny?"

"Wait for it to go away."

"Oh no, no. I know how long that can take! My poor child. Well looks like you're gonna have even more fun tonight," I said getting up.

"What do you mean," she asked.

"I'm gonna show you how to masturbate!"

I went to my closet and pulled out my "Nasty Bag" as I liked to call it. I also double checked the door, not that anyone would just barge in, but you never know. I went back to Aini and sat down on her bed.

"Alright, you ready," I asked filled with excitement.

"Um I guess so," she said with an uneasy smile.

"So, do you know any possible way to pleasure yourself?"

"No, I didn't think about because if my family found out...."

"Ah, I see. Well lucky for you, every part of your body can be used. Most girls like to use their breast and the wonderfulness down below. First things first, we have to figure out how make you hornier and find your favorite spots."

"How do we do that?"

"Touch yourself," I said.

Her face just about turned red. "In front of you?" she asked nervously.

"Yep, gotta make sure you're not avoiding anything and I can also provide suggestions while watching," I said.

"Um, well....."

"Aini, we're both girls, it's ok. Plenty of people do this with their friends. I'm just helping it's ok. No one's around, it's just me. Close your eyes if you need to."

She took a deep breath. "Ok."

She closed her eyes and began. She grabbed her arms and rubbed down them, pulling them apart she went. Her hands released each other in front of her boobs. She paused for a second, but finally let her right arm rest on her left breast. She gently rubbed around it her and finger ran over her nipple, which was already slightly erected. She sucked in a breath and bit her lip. I began feeling myself get a little horny watching her. Her right hand fell to her lap as she continued to rub over her nipple. She rubbed at her waist line and I could tell she was debating on opening her legs.

"Am I doing this right," she asked.

"Yes! Not sure what you meant by not knowing what you were doing. You're doing this like a pro. And you're teasing yourself," I said.

"Teasing?"

"Yes, you know you wanna open your legs and give some attention to that pussy. You're making yourself want it. But open them."

She bit her lip and opened her legs. She set her left hand between her thighs and she let a hard breath escape her lips. She blushed.

"Stip," I said.

"What?"

"Provide direct attention to your pussy, your clothes are holding you back."

"So get completely naked?" She was turning red, again.

"You can leave your underwear on, but everything else must go."

She bit her lips and thought. She swallowed hard and nodded. She pulled off her t-shirt and undid her bra. She gently pulled it off so her breast wouldn't slam. My horniess increased as I looked at her bare chest. Her nipples were erected and hard. Her breast were so full and round. I wanted to touch them, they were calling me, but I held out. I'm helping her, and that's it.

She laid back and grabbed her shorts and pulled them off. She sat back up and spread her legs. She was so wet! I lost it! The tingling began and I determined that I had to get off, with her, right now!

"So now what," she asked.

I took a deep breath. "Do what you were just doing and see how much better it feels," I said.

She did and soft moans began to escape from her. I could feel my underwear getting wet. 

"Ok, now we'll pay attention to your clit and vagina. Strip off your underwear."

She seemed to be less nervous now because there was no hesitation this time and I stripped completely naked as well.

"Alright, you know what your clit is, right," I asked.

She smiled. "Yes Brittany."

"Ok, rub it in circles, like this," I said as I began to teach and treat at the same time.

She spread her legs and I could see her wet pink magnificence. Everything was slippery down below for me. I needed release. 

"Have you ever put anything in," I asked trying to control myself.

"No," she said ceasing her pleasuring.

I smiled and grabbed my bag. "Well here's what I use," I said pulling out some dildos. 

"Wow," she said.

"Yeah, I know, I'm crazy, but whateves. They're great and much bigger than your finger. You wanna try one?"

"Well, they're kinda big and I know I'm tight."

"Well you can always use fingers."

"Oh, ok."

"What's wrong?"

"I might....I don't know.....hurt myself."

I lightened up, this was my chance!

"I could do it for you."

She stared at me, hard. "What?"

"I could you know, finger you so you know how it feels."

"Uh, well.......I um...."

"I'm not forcing you, just if you want me to."

We sat in silence as she thought about what I just asked her. I didn't want her to feel like she had to, but it would be very nice if she did.

She finally sighed after about a good few minutes. She looked up at me completely red. "Ok, will you....will you masturbate me," she asked nervously.

I tried so hard not to have a large smile on my face. "Yes."

I sat next to her and told her to relax. "Are you sure," I asked.

"Yeah," she said.

I nodded and placed a hand on her breast. They were so soft and warm! I rubbed it tenderly and her nipples began to erect once again. I gently rubbed my thumb over it and she closed her eyes and smiled. I began to kiss her cheek as I continued to caress her breast. She slightly giggled as I kissed her neck. I kissed up until my lips met hers. They were soft and warm just like her breast. I carefully let my tongue slide into her mouth and her tongue met mine, most likely out of curiosity.

I let my hand drop to her thighs and I let my fingers dance on her skin as we continued to kiss one another. She spread her legs letting me knows she was horny, she wanted it bad and she wanted it now and I was here to serve her. I let my fingers slide into her slit. She was so deliciously wet I could barely stand it! I teased her a bit before I began to rub her clit, it was huge, making me even more horny! She began to moan through our kisses. I pulled away so I could hear them in full. 

"You like," I asked lifting an eyebrow.

She looked at me and smiled. "Y-yeah," she stuttered as I pressed on her button.

I moved to the foot of the bed and looked at her soaking wet pussy. I carefully slid my index finger into her vagina and she yelped! I slowly pulled my finger out and pushed it back in. She tried to hold in the moans, but she just couldn't. I leaned in and flicked my tongue on her clit. She gasped and I smiled up at her. I began to lick it fiercely ready for her to cum. I picked up the speed of my finger and tongue motion. She began to move. 

"Brit-Brittany!"

I sat up and grabbed a vibrator and slammed it onto her clit. "BRITTANY!"

And she squirted! 

"Wow," I said amazed as her juices left her bodies. I looked down to find them even on me, streaming down my stomach.

"That," she said laying back, "was amazing."

I smiled. "Ready for round two?"