 Sofia

"Get off the train at Borghi," the message read, "We'll wait for you."

Claudio and Elio were hosting a film night. When I reached the top of the stairs, Lucia met me at the door with her trademark warmth and a glass of wine. She is Claudio's second, chronologically. After Valeria, she's been in his life the longest. Colombian, dark-eyed and excitable, she was born ten years after I was. "We're already drunk," she whispered between the kisses she planted on my cheeks. I was taken aback by this display. I'd only been around her on two or three previous occasions, and she'd been friendly, but this was different. This was confidential somehow.

"I'll catch up," I assured her.

Claudio appeared over her shoulder. She stepped aside as he leaned in. "Why are you wearing lipstick?" he wanted to know.

"Why not?"

"It's weird."

It was weird. Sciocco even. Silly. I don't normally, but I don't often feel the need to compete for Claudio's attention. Tonight was different. It was something I knew he was unable to understand, though I fancied Lucia might. She and I exchanged glances when he took my coat. It wasn't a competition. Over the course of eight months, I had at least gotten closer to accepting as much. Claudio's affections were not a prize to be won, to be carried off by a single victor, any more than mine were. Just the same, at the prospect of meeting his Russian lover, I was in something of a territorial humor.

Sofia was seated at the end of the long dining table in a short black dress and black stockings, her wild blonde curls in fashionable disarray and a glass of red wine in her hand. The expression on her face mirrored my own; suspicion perhaps, vestigial Cold War disdain. I'm ashamed to admit that it was more likely the mere feminine pettiness of knowing that we were sleeping with the same man. Elio, noticing that the two of us were sizing one another up like fighters in the ring, interceded to greet me. Then he made proper introductions.

"Piacere," we said politely, almost in unison.

Now that I'd arrived, the screening could begin. We took our places on the sofa while Claudio fussed with the projector. I was between Elio and Sofia. Lucia was to Sofia's right. Claudio, diplomatically, took the spot to Elio's left. As the film started, he reached across the other man's shoulder to hold my hand, granting me a little extra acknowledgement on account of my having missed out on the drinking portion of the evening. We smiled at one another in the light of the opening credits. This was strange, strano; the purity of what I felt for him even in the presence of two other women who were sharing his bed.

Elio introduced the film, the work of a novice Senegalese director from the early seventies. The opening scenes were shot in a slaughterhouse and were graphic to say the least. The plot progressed through varying degrees of darkness and untranslatable humor. The chorus of a song about Paris recurred at intervals. Claudio's fingers eventually slipped from mine. I emptied my wine glass and Lucia refilled it. I felt Sofia relax gradually beside me, until her shoulder was almost touching mine. I could smell her perfume, feel the heat of her body. At a point in the script, the protagonists steal a steamer trunk that they believe to be filled with cash. I turned to her and whispered, "Five bucks says it's a dead goat." She smiled a little.

When the film ended, Elio led an impromptu postmodernist discussion of its merits. Claudio had wandered off, likely to say goodnight to Valeria, who was in Milan. Discussion concluded, Elio offered Lucia a ride to Lomazzo, as it was on his way home. I would walk up the hill on my own. Sofia was to stay the night. I couldn't help but wonder what had transpired between her and Claudio since the previous evening. I knew only that she had been upset with him then; upset enough that he'd been downcast on the train ride home from the office, even while he shared the commute with Lucia and me. He couldn't figure out what he had done to incur her displeasure. Lucia reasoned that it couldn't always be easy with one woman. What could he honestly expect with three or four? In any case, it seemed they'd made up. Twice I saw her smiling at him that evening. She had a pretty smile, complete with dimples.

We moved slowly toward the front door, gathering scarves and jackets, handbags and umbrellas. Just as the door was opened, Elio was inspired and proposed that we meet on the following morning to go to the museum in Brescia. Works of art archived for thirty years had recently been returned to the galleries. Sofia and Claudio had no other plans. Lucia had a meeting at the university in the morning and I only worked until 10. She and I could catch a train together from Centrale and meet the others. I noticed Sofia didn't look altogether elated. No doubt she'd been envisioning a day alone with Claudio.

"What do you say?" he asked her. He pronounces this question as if it contains only three syllables, the "do" almost entirely overlooked.

She shrugged.

I wondered then if they'd made up after all. A cruel little part of me relished believing they hadn't. That same little part wanted to rob them of their time alone whether they'd made up or not. I was still learning. In any case, Tomaso had told me about the museum. I knew it was filled with "Roman shit" as he'd say. I would have wanted to go even if it were with Elio alone.

"Vabbe," said Claudio. "We keep in touch."

He kissed Lucia and then me, whispered his goodnights.

The next day, I made my way to Centrale after work, fielding messages in transit from Claudio, Elio and Lucia. She would be just on time for the train. I bought us each a ticket. The others were leaving Como by car. I was looking forward to the museum. More than that, for some reason, I was looking forward to spending an hour on the train with "the other American." At the station, I ordered a coffee, wandered the travel section at La Feltrinelli and made my way back to the platforms to meet Lucia off the train from Bovisa. When only a minute remained until departure, she texted to say that she was five minutes out. We had gotten our wires crossed.

I got on board and encouraged her to get the next one. She said she would be too late. I pleaded with her, insisting Sofia didn't like me and that I needed her, Lucia, there with her contagious good nature. She would hear none of it. Missing the train had put her in a bad mood and she didn't want anyone else to be burdened by it.

And so, an hour later, I alone found Claudio in the parking lot of the station in Brescia. He was on the phone with Lucia, likewise failing to convince her. Sofia was in the passenger seat. I slipped in beside Elio in the back. It was to be the four of us.

The museum in Brescia is built over a Roman street with the floors of all the houses still intact. In the entryway hangs a cross burdened with the likeness of Saint Giulia. She'd had a choice; give up the faith and marry the king or be strung up by her hair and then crucified. Elio knew a thing or two about the imagery. He shared his knowledge in a way that was not at all pretentious. He has a soothing voice and talks with much waving of his hands, and absolutely everything fascinates him.

When he turned to lead us on to the next room, Sofia sidled up to me and confessed in a low voice, "It might make me a bad person to say this, but I could never be a martyr." It was the longest sentence she'd spoken to me thus far. "I'd have married the king."

I admitted, "Me, too."

"We're going to hell," she offered up with an air of utter resignation.

We began giggling like schoolgirls.

She stayed close for the hours we were in the museum, and then after, in the streets of the city. Elio and Claudio showed us around, explained Brescia's moniker, "The Lioness of Italy." Although we were appropriately impressed by the fascist architecture dressed up in Christmas lights, Sofia and were growing far more interested in one another than in our surroundings. At length, Claudio's interruptions began to feel like interruptions. By then, the cold was getting bitter. "Could we get a drink?" she wanted to know.

"Here or at my place?" Claudio asked.

"Both," we answered in unison.

"Well, I might have an aperitivo with my friends tonight."

"Okay," I offered, "I guess we'll drink without you."

"Eh, vabbe," came his bemused response.

After taking Elio home, Claudio learned that his aperitivo had been called off and drove us back to Como. Just before the city center, we stopped off at Pizzeria Benito and ordered for take away. Valeria would be home when we arrived. Over pizza and beer, we told her about the day, the art, the town. She was her affable self but generally disinterested.

We were to be kicked out, Sofia and I. I saw it coming. Sofia didn't. Claudio had to teach the following morning in Cantu and needed to go to bed early. Likely, he had also reached some compromise with Valeria as to how he would divide his time between her and the Russian interloper. Sofia pouted at him while he tried to avoid giving her a precise timeframe as to when he would be at her disposal the following day. I've come to recognize this sidestepping as an Italian cultural standard. No one ever says they'll see you alle. It's always circa. And it's rarely even an hour. Afternoon and evening are more common responses. There've been times I couldn't even get that much precision. In any case, as much out of a willingness to rescue him as out of a desire to spend time with her, I offered to meet her early in the city center. I had to finish my Christmas shopping. We could have a cappuccino and a wander. She was pleased.

He kissed her first. Then me. "Buonanotte biondi," he said. The front door was open. We stepped through onto the landing. And then we were alone.

"Do you think it's crazy?" I asked her when we were out the front gate. "I mean, he is the way that he is, and we love him anyway. Isn't it crazy?"

"Yeah, it is." She stopped there, trying to gather her thoughts I suppose. She had the opportunity that I had so longed for with Valeria. She had someone to talk to. "He's so wonderful," she managed.

The words had just started to come when we reached the crossroads where we would part. She had a flat in the city center. I was bound for the hillside behind San Agostino. I took a chance. "Want to grab a drink?"

She did.

I led her to the bar Claudio had taken me to on our first date, the closest to his place. Appropriately enough, we were seated at the same table as on that fateful night. I ordered a gin cocktail; she a glass of wine. Until 2am we talked about him, about ourselves, about past relationships and our relationships with our parents and about the need to be independent. She was animated. She pulled her hair back into a knot, a symbolic gesture like the rolling up of ones sleeves. She had a lot to say. The more she drank, the more expressive her features became; her eyes, her lips, her brow. It was comic and endearing, and I felt sympathy for this girl, who, in some ways, was going through what I was in terms of adopting Claudio's views and his lifestyle. She was doing it with six fewer years of experience behind her, six fewer years of becoming jaded, six fewer years of the gradual realization that the notion of loving one person for the rest of your life is faulty at best, six fewer years wasted trying to figure things out. For my part, where I found myself that night in that bar with her, amidst love affairs with three men, seemed as good a place as any to find myself at the start of thirty-six. Figuring things out, I've come to believe, is a juvenile pursuit.

She mentioned that she was curious about women, about being with a woman. Claudio must have given her the go ahead. I didn't answer straight away. She took this as a sign that she should change the subject, and so she did.

At just past two, we hugged tightly before parting ways. We'd found something we needed in the other. A sympathetic ear at least; maybe even a friend. She and I share a lover, I thought, walking away. The same lover I share with Lucia and Valeria. And yet I felt an undeniable affinity for all three of these women. This went beyond silly and strange. This was pazzesco. Crazy.

She called at nine the next morning.

We met in the shadow of the cathedral. She hadn't slept on account of our conversation. She'd spent the night dreaming of a life in Como; a life like the one I lead. I'd shown her that it was possible. In Piazza San Fidele, we took a table outside, despite the chill. We ordered cappuccini and brioche while, at the surrounding tables, the locals drank Aperol, Campari and prosecco, and we picked up the thread of the conversation that had ended a few hours before, following it until our cups and plates were empty. I had to buy one last Christmas gift, I told her, then I would take her up to my place to give her some information she might find helpful while preparing for the immigration process. She was happy, as she wanted to see the view anyway. Just before we started the climb however, she reconsidered. Claudio wanted to meet her for lunch at some point.

"He knows where I live," I assured her.

She followed.

While she took photographs through the windows of the place I had recently and lovingly dubbed "The Treehouse," I found the documents I intended to share. She was far too in awe of her surroundings to give a damn. I offered wine. She accepted. It was just past noon.

We sat on the bed and sipped from the only two wine glasses I possess. Before long, she broached the subject of women again, and, this time, she took my reticence as permission to continue. She couldn't see being with any of her friends, she explained, but she couldn't deny the general curiosity. It had intrigued Claudio when, three months before he met me, he encountered her for the first time in Bali. In Prague, over the summer, he'd made a concerted effort to find her a partner. She regaled me with tales of going from bar to bar, attending some sort of swingers event, feeling a sense of general discomfort concerning the whole thing while Claudio was open to sleeping with just about anyone. As I listened to this story, and to others she'd tell about him that afternoon, it occurred to me that her version of Claudio is vastly different from mine. With me he is an artist, a musician, a quiet philosopher, an old soul. With her he is a vagabond, an adventurer, a more sexual being perhaps, someone who pushes the boundaries. I envied her some of that but thought she should probably envy me some as well. And anyway, giving it a little thought, Tomaso , Leo, Valerios and Claudio might describe four seemingly different women if ever they found themselves in this sort of discussion, God help Tomaso.

In any event, the mission in Prague had failed, and her curiosity remained unsatisfied.

And now mine was piqued.

Claudio was at the gate. He sent a message to say he'd forgotten his keys. I handed off a half-full glass and slipped on my shoes. At the bottom of the hill, after unlatching the gate, I nearly leapt into his arms (and probably muttered professions of love). He held me tight.

"Are you drunk?"

I considered this. "Not really."

Though he smiled, and though he kissed me sweetly, I sensed that something was off.

His explanation was minimalist: "Parents."

Sofia offered wine once we were inside. He declined. He hadn't had lunch and didn't want to drink on an empty stomach. He rifled through my meager provisions and came up with ingredients for a pasta. He cooked. I set the table. Lifting his brows like the flirt that he is, he asked after Grace. I laughed, well aware that he was simply referencing unfulfilled lesbian fantasies -- more his than mine. Meanwhile, Sofia posted pictures of the view to one social media outlet or another. After lunch, after finishing the bottle and a conversation about sex education in our respective cultures (an anthropological mindfuck for another time, perhaps), Claudio announced that he wanted to lie down for a little while. I took this to be a pretense for going upstairs. Presumably Sofia did as well. While she went to freshen up, I led him up the ladder. When he reached the top, his arms were around me, his mouth was on mine.

"You really want to sleep?" I breathed.

He nodded, donning a serious expression to support the claim.

I believed him.

So I snuggled up beside him, fully clothed, and he closed his eyes. Sofia appeared and took her place opposite mine. Our eyes met across his chest. Moments passed, and she put her hand between us. I covered it with my own. She smiled. The wine had depressed my inhibitions and my impulse control was at an accommodating low. I moved toward her, she tilted her face toward mine and I touched my lips to hers. She was soft, warm, and I felt her hand clench beneath mine while Claudio's pressed encouragingly against the small of my back. This was strano, pazzesco, assurdo.

Only it wasn't.

I let go of her hand, brushed her curls back from her face and pried her lips gently apart with the tip of my tongue. She let me in. Her breath was irregular, like she'd forgotten for a moment how to inhale. She tasted like wine and fennel seeds. She wrapped her fingers around my wrist, and I smiled against her. The kiss might have gone on if not for the knowledge that we were being watched. When it broke, Claudio's eyes met mine. His slow smile was as mysterious as it was telling. He knew. That it was happening because of him but not in the least for his benefit, he knew. I was overwhelmed with gratitude and temptation as he kissed us each in turn.

Sofia moved to her back when he removed himself from our explorations. I remained on my side. Her hand was under my shirt at the waist, and I pushed my hips toward hers, filling the space he'd left between us. Meanwhile, Claudio unbuttoned her blouse to reveal constellations of birthmarks on her pale skin. She wore white lace. He probably doesn't remember that, but I do; white lace and a black blouse. She beamed at him when he reached to unclasp her bra, but it was I who took advantage. She sighed when I slid my hand over the curve of her breast. She relaxed when she might have panicked, might have recoiled. Her hand moved higher under my shirt to my rib cage and the lacey lower edge of my bra. Then we were kissing again. I stopped only to pull off my top and to check on Claudio, who was kneeling at the foot of the bed.

"Are you sure you don't want to?" I asked him. He closed his eyes as if he were in a small to moderate amount of pain and nodded.

I turned to face Sofia so that she could undo the bra I wore. It was green, I think. I wonder if she remembers. Claudio tugged her black pants down over her hips, took off her stockings, leaving her beneath me in nothing but her panties. The heat, the softness of her brought back memories of passions shared so long before that I thought I'd forgotten them. Her blonde hair and her porcelain skin were like Elizabeth's, but Sofia was far more feminine with decadent curves and a certain smoothness. My bare chest was pressed to hers. Her hands were everywhere at once while mine remained innocently above the waist. We were kissing, learning to kiss, finding a cadence and then a mastery in that one thing. She didn't seem to be in a rush, but I realized I must have been taking too long when I was gently pushed from behind. I fell back onto the pillows. Claudio peeled away my jeans. The look in his eyes just before he stripped me naked was the same as it had been on the night we met. He was asking my permission. I gave it. This was our first time all over again.
