 Gloria's face was flushed, a burgundy blush to her cheeks and lips. Christy wondered what those lips would feel like, pressed against hers. The tingle that had started in her fingertips and toes spread inward, upward. She touched her lips and realized they were throbbing, swollen, as were her own nipples. Her heart, and her crotch, throbbed with each beat of the drum, each step of her friend.

Unconsciously, Christy shifted her weight, flexing her buttocks and thighs to the music as she watched Gloria dance. She felt very, very hot, her bra felt uncomfortably tight, and her panties unusually moist inside her pants. Christy downed her glass of wine. It hit the bottom of her stomach and made her head spin.

Gloria smiled at her as she extended her hand. "Dance with me," 

Christy's heart raced, and the words of her friend echoed in her ears... "Dance with me..." Gloria said again, an urgent, husky wantonness in her voice. Her desire evident, Gloria glowed with the glisten of lust; a slight sheen of sweat covered her chocolate body and Christy couldn't resist the urge that compelled her. She slowly rose from the couch and taking Gloria's hand in hers, turned it over and with her eyes closed slowly licked the underside of Gloria's wrist. Christy felt Gloria's pulse in her wrist, and tasted the salt on her skin. 

"I thought you'd taste like a chocolate bunny," Christy said, laughingly. 

Gloria paused for a moment, but only a moment. She slid behind Christy and licked gently at the junction of her neck and right shoulder. Christy shivered slightly and tipped her head to the left, to allow Gloria better access to the Y of her neck. Gloria slid her hands up Christy's arms, the palms of her hands softly slipping up and down. Christy closed her eyes and leaned her head back into the Glory of Gloria.

Gloria whispered into Christy's ear, "Just relax... relax, and feel the music. Let the music take you," Gloria reached under Christy's shirt and helped her peel it off. "Here, baby... let's take this off. You'll be able to move better with less clothes."

Christy luxuriated in the feel of Gloria's hands on her body. She breathed raggedly as Gloria's hands explored her breasts and tummy and as Gloria's pelvis ground into her buttocks. Gloria wrapped her arms tightly around Christy's waist as she began stepping first right, then left. 

"Now, baby, step... step... step... that's right..." Gloria coached. "Now, each time you step, thrust that pretty pelvis just a little... that's right, both forward and back, left and right..." 

As Christy stepped into the music, with her eyes closed, and was carried away on a cloud of the beat, Gloria pinched her nipples through her white lace bra, making them stand up and out. Gloria slid her bra straps down her shoulders, letting them rest on her upper arms; she trailed kisses down Christy's neck and shoulders, raking her teeth gently across her skin. 

Gloria unfastened Christy's bra, expertly undoing the two simple snaps in the back, and slid it down Christy's arms. She tossed it onto the couch and reached up weighing Christy's now unfettered breasts with her hands. 

"Amazing," Gloria quipped. 

"What?" Christy asked in a fog.

"Your boobies, baby! They're perfect. They fit perfectly in my hands,"

"Oh!" exclaimed Christy, as Gloria pulled, pinched, and twisted her nipples between her fingers. Gloria continued to rock her hips back and forth, swaying in time with the drumming, thrumming, pounding of the music. Christy found herself stepping and swaying in time, as Gloria kissed her neck and fondled her breasts. She'd never been this close to another person, let alone another woman, before. Overcome with the sensation, the sheer sensuality and sexuality of it all, Christy experienced her first climax. 

What began as a slight pressure, a tingling mixed with throbbing, in her crotch, became an overflowing volcano of sensation. As Gloria guided her hips and mauled her breasts, her clit pulsed with the beat of the drums; contracting and relaxing with each step she took. Her eyes opened wide, as did her mouth. She pushed her breasts forward as she arched her back and leaned into Gloria's embrace. Christy's knees buckled as her legs gave way; but, Gloria held her upright by sliding her left hand up to her neck and wrapping her right arm tightly around Christy's tiny waist. 

Gently, Gloria eased Christy to the floor, where she lay on her back for several minutes, luxuriating in the softness of the thick, dark carpet beneath her. Gloria cooed over her, and knelt beside her. She ran her hands down Christy's flat belly, stopping for a moment to probe her belly button. Gloria leaned over her, and tenderly trailed kisses across the span of belly just between her hips, pausing to probe her belly button with her tongue. Her kisses continued their upward exploration, to the crevasse between Christy's breasts. 

Gazing tenderly at the girl-woman on the carpet in front of her, Gloria licked Christy's extended nipples; the left breast first, then the right. Softly, with great tenderness and exquisite care, she suckled Christy's left breast, softly massaging the creamy flesh with the very tips of her teeth, and her full, pouty lips. As she leaned across her friend, Gloria's tits hung low, drooping and draping across Christy's right breast. Christy gasped as she felt the rings in Gloria's nipples brush lightly across her right breast and the flesh on her chest. 

Christy reached up, and through the silken fabric of Gloria's nighty, she gently massaged Gloria's tits, touching them as a child would touch the face and hands of an old, treasured, porcelain doll. As Gloria switched from the left breast to the right, Christy gently pulled on the nipple rings, much to Gloria's pleasure, and made Gloria's nipples stand out 

"Did it hurt?" Christy asked quietly, as she flicked her finger across Gloria's nipple rings. 

"Yes, babygirl," responded Gloria as she gently but firmly massaged Christy's globes. "But, many things that make us beautiful hurt." As Gloria slid her hands down Christy's flanks she continued, "When a man takes you for the first time, babygirl, it might hurt." Gloria punctuated her comment by reaching between Christy's legs and cupping her crotch. 

She slid her hand up Christy's body and allowed her palm to rest on Christy's flat belly, "When you carry your children in your belly, it might hurt as your belly stretches and your joints loosen and your ligaments stretch. Undoubtedly, when your babies are born, you will feel pain."

Gloria roughly pinched Christy's nipples, digging her nails into the tender fleshy knobs. "Even when your child nurses at your breast you will feel discomfort. First, as your breasts grow, stretch, and fill with sweet, life-giving milk. Then, your nipples will be sore for a time as your hungry baby sucks. Your beautiful tits will ache for emptying."

Tears welled in Christy's eyes at the thought of so much pain. "Then," she stammered, "I don't ever want a man, or babies, or any of that!"

Gloria's touch softened, once again becoming a gentle caress. "Ahh, but babygirl... it's all part of the dance. You have to feel the pain, or the pleasure is lessened." Gloria wrapped Christy in her long arms. Tipping her head Gloria kissed Christy firmly on her soft, luscious lips. Extending her tongue into Christy's mouth, she probed passionately. 

Christy leaned into Gloria's embrace. She wondered where the dance would take her next.