 DAWN'S FIRST GAY EXPERIENCE

Gwen was sitting in her family room watching TV when Dawn arrived. Her 34-24-36 figure was clad in a tee shirt and short shorts with no bra and no panties. Gwen heard the doorbell ring and she was a little miffed as she was just about to watch a porn movie and play with herself. Still at the age of 30 she liked watching good lesbian porn and getting herself off. Gwen answered the door and she was shocked to see Dawn standing there. A quick look told Gwen that Dawn was in trouble. Dawn's hair was a mess and her dress was torn. Gwen quickly ushered Dawn into the house.

"My God what happened to you?" Gwen asked in a tone of urgency.

"I was had by three guys tonight. I went for a walk and they pulled up on motorcycles and attacked me," Dawn sobbed.

"Oh you poor dear, should I call the police?"

"No, no police."

"Then come and let me draw a bath for you and get you cleaned up. Here, sit here while I run the bath for you."

Dawn sat in the family room chair and leaned back and closed her eyes while Gwen ran the bath water. Dawn was calmer now that she was at Gwen's house and she relaxed in the chair. Gwen then returned to the family room and admired her colleague who was a year younger. Even disheveled Dawn was still beautiful. 

"The bath is ready. Let me help you," Gwen said as she put her arm around Dawn and led her to the bathroom. 

Gwen helped Dawn undress and as the dress was removed, Gwen noticed that Dawn did not have her panties and assumed that she lost them in the attack. Gwen unfastened Dawn's bra and removed it from her arms. Dawn steadied herself with Gwen's help as she stepped into the tub. Dawn slid down into the hot bath and the water soothed her aching body. Gwen was enamored with her blonde colleague's beauty as she had never seen Dawn naked before. Dawn's fit 34-23-35 body stretched out in the tub and a tingle ran through Gwen's body as she briefly envisioned making love to Dawn. Then Gwen put the thought out of her head.

Gwen let Dawn relax in the hot bath for a few minutes and then she offered to help wash her. Gwen took a body sponge and soaped it thoroughly and then she began to wash Dawn's body. Gwen had all she could do to control her emotions as she washed Dawn's body. Dawn never had anyone else bathe her before and she was surprised by the erotic feeling that came over her. When the body sponge passed over her breasts, her nipples snapped to attention. Gwen noticed the response and she continued to wash Dawn's breasts and pass the sponge over the hard nipples.

Gwen washed Dawn's back before Dawn took over the sponge. Then Dawn washed her pubes and buttocks as Gwen watched. Gwen wished it was her hand that was washing Dawn's pussy and passing over her fantastic ass. Gwen's own nipples were rock hard at this point and they pushed out through her tee shirt. Dawn noticed Gwen's nipples trying to poke through the tee shirt and she knew at once that Gwen was braless.

"I think I'm done. Thank you so much!" Dawn announced.

"I'll get the towel," Gwen replied as she retrieved the large fluffy Turkish towel. 

Gwen held the towel open for Dawn as she stepped out of the tub. Gwen wrapped Dawn in the soft towel and held her tightly for a second and then Gwen dried Dawn's body.

"I'll get you some clothes to wear. You certainly can't put that tattered dress back on," Gwen announced and left the bathroom.

Dawn walked into Gwen's bedroom with the towel wrapped around her as Gwen picked out some shorts and a tee shirt. Dawn handed the towel to Gwen and picked up the shorts. Gwen watched the blonde beauty pull the shorts up over her shapely legs and then cover her curvy round ass. Dawn then pulled the tee shirt over her head and down over her upper body. Gwen was a little disappointed that Dawn's once beautiful naked body was now covered again.

"Can I get you something, coffee, tea, wine?" Gwen offered.

"A glass of wine would be great," Dawn accepted.

"Good, I'll join you then," Gwen replied.

Dawn went back into the family room and sat in the lounge chair. She curled her shapely legs up under her in the chair. Gwen returned with two glasses and a bottle of white wine. Gwen poured the wine and handed a glass to Dawn and then she hoisted her glass in a toast.

"Here's to better times!" Gwen offered.

"Yes much better," Dawn agreed.

They sipped the wine and Dawn really liked it. A couple of more sips and Gwen was refilling the glasses. They took their time drinking the second glass then Gwen broke the ice.

"So what happened? That is if you want to tell me or talk about it."

Dawn then told Gwen what happened and how it happened. She told Gwen how ashamed she was when she orgasmed with the black guy's big cock in her. She also told Gwen about the shorter guy sticking his cock in her ass and cumming in her. 

"Are you hurt? Did they tear anything?

"No I wasn't hurt, just violated and humiliated. I was upset with myself for cumming when the black guy fucked me."

"What about your anus? Did he hurt you there?

"No, he had a small cock and it didn't hurt. Just a little uncomfortable at first and then I felt constipated after he came in my ass." 

"That's only a natural reaction. Are you sure you don't want to go to the ER?"

"No I'm fine, you are a life saver. I am so glad that you were home."

Gwen replied, "I am too, by the way you are staying here tonight and I won't take no for an answer."

"But we have school tomorrow, I have to get home."

"I'll drive you home in the morning and give you plenty of time to get dressed. Besides I don't think you should be alone tonight."

"Actually I'd like to stay, thank you."

Dawn and Gwen finished their wine and then they went into the master bedroom. Dawn was a little surprised that Gwen did not offer her the other bedroom but she accepted her colleague's hospitality to share the same bed. 

"The other bedroom is a mess as I was not expecting company tonight. I hope you are okay sleeping in the same bed," Gwen apologized.

"No problem, I understand and it looks like there is plenty of room."

The two women got into bed under the covers and Dawn was surprised when Gwen cuddled up to her. They both lay on their sides with Dawn facing away from Gwen. Gwen put her arm over Dawn's body and snuggled in tight. Dawn felt the hard nipples from Gwen's breasts pressing into her back. Gwen's hand then passed over Dawn's breasts and grazed her hardening nipples. Feeling the hard nipples Gwen returned her hand to Dawn's breasts and gently pinched the erect nipples. Dawn moaned at the contact and Gwen interpreted that as a signal to continue.

Gwen's hand moved under the tee shirt and found one of Dawn's naked tits. Gwen caressed the firm tit and tweaked the hard nipple causing Dawn to groan again. Gwen then snaked her other hand under Dawn's body and under the tee shirt to cup the other breast. Gwen's worked on both of Dawn's tits as her own hard nipples pressed into Dawn's back. Dawn groaned again and struggled with her inner feelings. Dawn knew she should stop Gwen but at the same time it felt so good. Dawn loved having her breasts fondled and kissed as it made her feel so feminine. 

Gwen's right hand then slipped down across Dawn's belly and into the shorts as the left hand continued to caress her breasts. Dawn flinched when Gwen's hand cupped her pubic mound and then dipped a finger into her pussy. Dawn's body was tense with confusion and desire as Gwen wormed her finger into Dawn's pussy.

"Gwen what are you doing?"

"Let me make love to you Dawn. The way only a woman can."

With that said Gwen rolled Dawn over on her back and pushed the tee shirt up over her tits. Gwen then began to plant tender light kisses on Dawn's breasts and she soon had Dawn squirming with desire. Gwen took each nipple in her mouth one at a time and gently nibbled it between her teeth. Electric shocks ran through Dawn's body such as she had never experienced. Gwen took her time and spent a long time on Dawn's tits and nipples before making her descent.

Gwen then slid down the bed and slowly peeled the shorts off of Dawn's body. She next pushed Dawn's legs apart and kissed her inner thighs. Gwen made her way up Dawn's inner thighs toward her dripping wet pussy. Dawn knew that Gwen was going to eat her and that it was wrong. It had been so long since anyone ate her pussy or even played with it that Dawn was resolved to let it happen. Gwen then stood up and removed her tee shirt and shorts and Dawn pulled her tee shirt off so that they were both naked now.

Gwen lay back down with Dawn on the bed and their bodies came together. Dawn's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. As Gwen's tongue circled Dawn's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much to make her cum. Dawn felt Gwen's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then found their way inside her. Dawn moved her legs further apart trying to help and soon Gwen was fingering Dawn with soft, slow, tender probes.

Dawn couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Gwen's head down and Gwen nestled between Dawn's legs. Gwen used her hands to slowly open Dawn's legs and placed Dawn's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Gwen traced the soft outer lips of Dawn's swollen pussy lips and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Dawn felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist cunt lips inviting Gwen's invasion. Gwen put more fingers inside Dawn and caressed her inner walls while the thumb positioned itself on the tip of Dawn's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Gwen moved herself slowly up Dawn's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Gwen took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Dawn's hard nipples. Dawn in turn reached for Gwen's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. It was the first time Dawn had ever touched another woman's breasts. Dawn pinched and rolled Gwen's nipples between her fingers while Gwen tongued Dawn's breasts. Gwen whispered to Dawn that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. It was another first for Dawn as she kissed a woman for the first time. They moaned into each other's mouth as Gwen's fingers and thumb tickled Dawn's swollen clit. Dawn could feel the wetness of Gwen's pussy saturating her thigh.

Gwen broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Dawn's aching pussy. As she reached Dawn's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Gwen herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Dawn's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Gwen's mouth. Gwen was unprepared for the quick release but none the less she licked at the silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Dawn's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Dawn's center up and down firmly enough that Dawn could feel it on her clit. Gwen drove Dawn mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Dawn arched her back and pulled Gwen's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Gwen's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Gwen wrapped her lips around Dawn's swollen button and sucked it. Dawn gasped as Gwen's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body. 

Dawn's hips lifted off of the bed as Gwen sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Dawn. Gwen worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Dawn's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Dawn's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Gwen's face which was totally covered with Dawn's sweet love juices. 

Gwen continued to lap at the hard clit as Dawn's body convulsed with one orgasm after another. Slowly Dawn recovered after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the bed as Gwen moved up to her lips and covered them with her mouth, kissing Dawn tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Dawn's lips so she could taste herself. Dawn kissed Gwen eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the bed cradled together without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

They fell asleep in each other's arms. In the morning the two naked beauties awoke to the alarm. They scrambled out of bed and took turns in the shower. Gwen made them a quick breakfast and she gave Dawn a pair of sweats to wear home. Gwen then drove Dawn home so that she could dress and report to the college on time. All the time there was no mention of the love making the night before. Dawn was surprised and even relieved that Gwen had not expected her to reciprocate last night. Dawn was not sure what she would have done at the time. Gwen pulled up to the house and the women kissed each other on the cheek and Dawn dashed inside to change. Gwen headed for school and as she drove she thought about the night before. She would have loved for Dawn to love her back but at the same time she knew it was smart to take it easy. Gwen was convinced that she would have another chance with Dawn.

DAWN ENTERS THE GAY LIFE

Dawn and Gwen both taught at the local community college. They had become friends there but they had never expected to become lovers although Gwen was attracted to Dawn. Gwen was gay but Dawn didn't know it until the night she spent in Gwen's bed. Gwen invited Dawn over to her house that Friday evening and Dawn had accepted. Now as she approached Gwen's house, Dawn wondered what she would do if Gwen came on to her again.

Dawn was overdressed for a casual visit. Gwen snickered when she saw Dawn and said, "Well look at you, you are still dressed for work. Let's get you comfortable and out of those wires and elastic that make us so uncomfortable."

Dawn followed Gwen into the bedroom and Gwen took out some lounge wear for Dawn to change into. Gwen then walked over behind Dawn and unzipped the back of her dress and it fell to the floor leaving Dawn standing in her pantyhose, panties and bra.

"Let's get these wires off you," Gwen said as she unhooked Dawn's bra and let it slide down her arms.

Dawn's arms instinctively covered her breasts and Gwen laughed at her colleague's shyness particularly since Gwen had sucked on those same tits only a week ago. 

"Now the elastic," Gwen announced as she dropped to her knees behind Dawn and pulled the pantyhose down and off Dawn's legs.

Gwen felt her loins surge as the pantyhose cleared Dawn's curvy ass and uncovered her shapely legs. Dawn was surprised when Gwen pulled her panties down her legs and had her step out of them. Although it was only seconds it seemed like minutes as Gwen stared at Dawn's beauty.

Gwen stood up and her voice cracked as she spoke, "Let's see what I have for you to wear?" and then said, "Oh the hell with clothes now, they will only be coming off in a few minutes anyway."

Gwen then quickly shed her lounge wear so that they were both naked. Then Gwen walked around in front of Dawn and kissed her. The two teachers embraced and kissed as their breasts pressed together. Gwen pulled the covers down and they got on her big bed. Dawn had answered her own question as she responded to Gwen's seduction. They lay down, kissed and softly stroked each other. As Dawn kissed Gwen her hand went to her breast cupping and fondling it. Dawn caught her friend's nipple and rolled it between her fingers, gently pulling on it. Gwen loved it and pressed her chest upward encouraging Dawn to play with her tits. Dawn fondled and played with Gwen's tits and nipples the same way Gwen had with hers. Gwen moaned and writhed on the bed and just when Gwen thought she could stand it no more, Dawn's hand went down her body, stroked her belly then moved lower to cup Gwen's pussy mound. Gwen spread her thighs wide for her lover as Dawn slid her hand down a little further and pressed her finger inward.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" Gwen cried out. 

Dawn's finger moved down and slid up inside Gwen's pussy. Gwen moaned as it felt so good. Gwen knew her pussy was dripping wet and as Dawn's finger moved upward and inward, Gwen screamed when Dawn rubbed her clit. Dawn did it just the way Gwen had done it to her, moving it around in circles over her hard nubbin. It was the first time that Dawn had ever fingered a pussy other than her own and she liked the feel of another pussy. As Gwen lifted her hips upward toward her lover's finger, Dawn moved down a little and slipped her other hand into Gwen's pussy. Dawn pressed her finger down and found Gwen's opening and slid a slick finger inside her driving her wild. 

Dawn had one finger inside Gwen fucking her and the other rolling her clit. Gwen came like she had never cum in her whole life. Gwen screamed and cried out as she thrashed on her bed. Dawn stayed with her with one finger thrusting up inside her hard and fast while she played Gwen's clit with the other finger. Gwen came explosively but Dawn didn't let up and kept finger fucking her and stroking her clit until Gwen had a series of absolutely fantastic cums. Gwen weakly pushed Dawn's hands away as she gasped for breath. Dawn moved beside her and kissed her cheek. They lay kissing each other gently until Gwen recovered. 

They stroked each other and kissed until they were both hot then Gwen turned around and kissed downward. They kissed and sucked each other's breasts for a long while making their nipples pop up. Their breasts seemed to feel fuller and more sensitive than ever. Gwen loved the sensation of sucking on Dawn's puffy nipples and seeing how hard she could make them. Dawn's mouth felt wonderful sucking on Gwen's breasts and nipples also. They continued to kiss each other's body as Gwen moved downward until they were in a 69 position and they both looked directly into each other's pussy.

They spread their thighs wide and they both hesitated for a moment that seemed like an eternity. Gwen used her fingers to spread Dawn's pussy lips. Dawn did the same to Gwen and the two girls stared at the other's dripping pussy. Both of the women complimented each other on how beautiful their pussies were. They were neat with pink centers and they were both extremely wet from their foreplay.

Gwen took the initiative and she bent forward a little and kissed Dawn's pussy right on the center causing her to jump. Gwen looked at her lover's pink flower and slid her tongue out and licked it slowly. Dawn jumped again and moaned loudly. Gwen licked it once again and this time she flattened her tongue and ran it over Dawn's wet center. Dawn tasted delicious and Gwen loved the scent of her lover's excited pussy. 

"Dawn you taste so good, so sweet. Are you okay? Are you going to lick me too?" Gwen asked with her pussy on fire awaiting some attention.

Dawn whispered, "I don't know, I'm not sure about it."

Dawn was still a little hesitant as it was quite a big step for her. Dawn had always been shy about sex and she was struggling within herself as she stared at Gwen's pussy. Gwen certainly knew what she wanted to do. Gwen licked Dawn's sweet pussy again and again as she reveled in the smell and taste of her. She was so fresh. Gwen pointed her tongue and slid it inside her lover's tight pussy and pressed downward extending her tongue as far as she could inside Dawn's quim. Gwen sucked her and tasted her sweet juices. Then Gwen pressed down even more mashing her lips against Dawn's snatch and then she sucked harder. Dawn's sweet juices flowed out of her pussy as Gwen slid her tongue in and out of Dawn's cunt. Dawn moaned out loud and then Gwen felt the wonderful sensation of Dawn's wet lips on her pussy. Dawn had finally taken the next step and kissed Gwen's pussy. 
