 This is a romance that builds slowly to an intense sexual awakening.

This has now been edited so it should be a much easier, error free read. A massive thank you to Winterreisse for his excellent editing work.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Chapter 1: A Weekend Away

It has been four years since Trinity and went on our ill-fated camping trip; ill-fated by any sensible measure but, for me, one of the intensely erotic experiences of my life until now.

Trin had arranged with her uncle that we could camp on his farm as a rehearsal for a music festival we were planning to attend later that summer after our exams. A fun weekend away but also a chance to prove to our parents that two eighteen-year-olds could cope with getting somewhere, putting up a tent and looking after ourselves!

All had gone well; we'd packed, caught the right train, changed trains and hiked the two miles out to the farm laden with tent, clothes and food all without error. Trin's Uncle John -- 'Farmer John' as I always thought of him -- and his wife Joan had welcomed us. He suggested that we camp at the end of First Field, in sight of the farmhouse in case we had any problems. We, being eighteen and therefore invincible, knew better and insisted on camping the other side of the small wooded copse on the edge of High Field as Farmer John called it.

Pitching the tent was a bit trickier than we expected but we managed -- not bad for two girls who'd never been in the Girl Guides -- and we got all our stuff inside. Trin fished in her rucksack and pulled out a bottle of white wine with a flourish. "Ta dah! Want a drink?" It was a very warm sunny day and I happily agreed. We sat down to chat and drink and (perhaps not surprisingly) the wine quickly disappeared and we were both a bit tipsy! We decided to spend an hour or so sunbathing before cooking some supper on the disposable barbecue we'd brought along. I lay down in the grass and had not long closed my eyes when Trin giggled. I opened one eye and looked up to see her pulling off first her shirt then her bra.

Seeing the look of surprise on my face Trin just smiled and said, "Well, I made sure we're completely secluded: nobody, but nobody, will see us. There are no paths round about and I made John and Joan promise to leave us alone, so I'm going to take the chance to get an all-over tan!" And she flopped down beside me. "You should too, Sue."

"Well, okay..." I said, a little bashfully despite the alcohol, I'll admit, but I undid my shirt and slipped my bra off. "At least you're not going for a complete all-over tan!" I added, looking at her shorts.

I should have known Trin better as, with a "Ha! Wanna bet?" she stood, a little unsteadily, and undid her shorts and let them fall. Removing her panties in her somewhat inebriated state proved too much for her balance and she toppled to the grass, her panties round her knees. My jaw dropped but I couldn't help staring as she kicked her legs to try and get the panties off. I'd seen Trin undressed before as we changed and showered at school but laying on her back kicking her legs I had a close-up view of her pussy and arse. I remember noticing that, below the main V of her bush, her pussy was only lightly covered in her light brown pubic hair and that, as she struggled, her pussy would open slightly, revealing her inner labia. There in the grass and open air I found her... mesmerising and, more worryingly, the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. Trin was still giggling and (thankfully) hadn't noticed my blatant staring when she cried "A little help here?"

Not trusting myself to speak at that moment, I reached forward and caught her legs by her calves to stop her kicking around. Her pussy lips were slightly open at that moment, the darker pink moist folds within visible in the sunlight. For a fleeting moment I imagined reaching out and touching them as I touched myself sometimes, leaning forward to place my lips... but no! Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! I snapped back to reality and quickly slid Trin's panties from her legs, dropping them onto my shirt behind me.

"Come on Sue, your turn: get you kit off now!" she ordered as she sat up. My lustful thoughts had me blushing furiously but Trin assumed it was my embarrassment at having to strip. "Come on, Sue, it feels so lovely and free being naked -- and it's not as if I haven't seen you in the buff before!" I reluctantly complied, though without Trin's exhibitionist thrashing around. I was afraid that my arousal would be revealed and while I could feel the moistness in my sex, a quick glance down confirmed that my slit showed nothing but a slight puffiness.

Lying side by side, I began to relax while trying not to think too much of Trin's naked body beside me. I gradually relaxed about being naked but remained very turned on. I commented to Trin that she seemed very at ease in the buff. I glanced across and saw that she was blushing slightly. I rolled onto my side, facing her, intrigued. "What is it?" I asked.

"I, er, that is my family have been to naturist places on holiday a few times, so I guess I'm used to it."

"I think you're more than used to it -- I've just noticed that you have no tan lines!" I laughed. We chatted on, she explaining that naturism wasn't about sex or even having to be naked, just the freedom. I asked how being nude didn't make people think about sex more and she said that after a while you just got used to it, though seeing someone you found attractive had the same effect, clothed or nude.

"Okay, so I like being nude -- I love the freedom! You don't seem to mind too much -- I see you're not trying to hide anything from me." She smiled.

"Yeah, but it's just you and me here and, as you said, we've seen each other naked before, in the showers and stuff. Anyway, being here isn't the same as going someplace with hundreds of people!"

"True, but mostly we're nude at home, so there aren't 'hundreds of people.' Anyway, you've made a very good start."

"Trinity, you will not turn me into a nudist!" I retorted firmly.

She looked me up and down meaningfully. "Already succeeded, girl!" she said and we both laughed. It was true that I did feel very comfortable laying there naked with her.

As the sun started to drop we lit the barbecue and began to cook. I remember the sunset of vivid orange and red that made Trin's skin glow. The air stayed warm and humid and we sat together chatting as the evening darkened. Eventually, the air began to cool and the wind picked up so we retreated into the tent and slipped into our sleeping bags. The wind made the tent fabric rustle and snap as we began to doze and the faint staccato patter of rain started as I fell asleep.

We awoke to a loud crash of thunder. I opened my eyes and a few seconds later lightening made the tent fabric light up. The rain was torrential, a continuous heavy drumming as Trinity gave a shout of dismay, "Aagh! I'm soaked!" The corner of the tent by Trin's feet had sagged and a constant stream of rainwater was falling onto the lower half of her sleeping bag. She unzipped and wriggled out, shivering in the now chill air.

Without thinking I opened my sleeping bag. "You can't go outside in this storm but, well, it's warm and dry in here..." Trin didn't say anything but wriggled in beside me. Her skin was cold but soft and the feel of it sent shivers of excitement through me. Trin mistook my shivers and apologised for making me cold but I told her not to worry. We were both unsure what to do and finally settled for lying back-to-back. This suited me: our bottoms were pressed together and I couldn't resist slipping a hand between my legs. Feeling how wet I was I suddenly felt ashamed by how much this was arousing me; part of me didn't want to accept that I was lesbian or bisexual. I was sure that Trinity was embarrassed by the situation; an afternoon of naturism with a best friend was one thing but being naked in a sleeping bag was obviously too far for her. I began to worry that our friendship might be damaged.

The night passed and I didn't sleep; I remained too conscious of Trin's body touching mine and, now the alcohol had worn off, my head ached. When dawn came at last, the storm had passed but the weather had broken and we hurriedly dressed in the cold, damp morning. As I feared, as we packed up and trudged back to the farmhouse there was a distance between us that hadn't been there yesterday. We left that day, both of us out of sorts through tiredness, sore heads from too much alcohol and sun and, for me at least, a vague sense of disappointment.

When I arrived home and unpacked I discovered a pair of Trin's panties, the ones I'd stripped off her. I held them close and couldn't help a little tear of disappointment at what might have been and the closeness that I suspected we'd lost forever. The next weeks confirmed my fears for, though we relaxed a bit with each other, neither of us mentioned sharing the sleeping bag. We never went to the festival: the summer was a washout and the festival was cancelled. I kept her panties safely hidden in a draw and they were often the trigger both of a longing and some intensely erotic fantasies!

A-Level exams soon came and kept us busy and we only met now as part of groups. As we went off to different universities we stayed in contact, through Facebook, birthday and Christmas cards, but drifted apart. However, what might have happened between us -- a night of passion under canvas -- became a favourite fantasy of mine. We remained friends but not as close as we had been. At university I made new friends and had sex, mostly with guys but I let a woman (a visiting post-grad student) seduce me once. I enjoyed it and I came to accept that I was at least bisexual and that made me fantasise about Trin all the more. I also loved being naked at home; as often as not I would strip as soon as I got in. I did wonder about the naturism bit but never followed that up: I didn't dare try anything like that on my own.

Chapter 2: An Unexpected Email

Nearly a year after I had graduated, Trin sent me an unexpected email:

