 My first story, I'd love any feedback. 

It contains transformation, furry, and lactation.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I could tell my wife was in heat. You could see it in the way she moved that her estrus cycle was acting up. We were just cuddling each other, right after our wedding reception. We had always "just cuddled" because I knew what would happen if we took it further. When she was infected we were both in high school. I remember walking into Lena's room and suddenly being shocked to see a crying furry cat creature in place of my best friend. Instead of running off like many of her friends did out of fear of getting infected myself, I sat down next to her and rubbed her furred back slightly. She hugged me as I comforted her crying onto my shoulder.

A few months later I realized something when I caught myself drifting off into a daydream during class. I began to imagine being with Lena, kissing her and cuddling her much like I'm doing now... Holy shit I'm a lesbian.

So a few years, a few confessions and a question later here I am, wrapped in the arms of the most beautiful cat person in the world with something on my mind. "So baby... are we gonna consummate our marriage?" I asked my wife. Her ears drooped with a concerned expression across her face.

"Callie, you know we can't..." she replied, with a sad look across her face. 

I smiled and laughed a bit, "Honey, do you think I would've married you if I cared about getting infected. Besides... I might look cute once I have my fur." 

"Are you sure?" She said, looking deeply into my eyes, I could tell her heat was pushing her hard to want to do this. 

"Of course I'm sure, I'm your wife. Just let me make you happy. If I get infected then so be it." I pulled her in for a kiss, however it was a much deeper kiss then she was used to. Normally my mouth was close to avoid her infecting me but this time I went all out intertwining my tongue with hers. I felt vibrations as she purred into my mouth. With one hand I moved to cup and massage her large breast, groping and fondling it as she released a purring moan. The way she smelled was so intoxicatingly sexy that I didn't even care that I shouldn't be able to smell it. 

I pulled away from the kiss and began to kiss and suckle at her teats. As she moaned I felt a prickling feeling all across my skin. I tasted my lovers milk as she began to massage and rub my increasingly furry nether regions. My new fur tickled against my skin as it pushed out. A new heat developed in my lower abdomen. "Fuck, Lena I'm infected. Please don't stop. My heat..."

"You smell so fucking good babe" she purred as she began sticking her fingers in me. We both were sitting up on the bed. As I came closer to what would be my first orgasm of the night I continued to suckle on her milk, excited by the fact that I would be covered in cat fur and lactating soon. I don't know why but ever since I had proposed to her the idea of getting infected just seemed more enticing. Now that it was happening it combined with the heat fueled sex just felt so astounding. I noticed how my tongue was folding up against my teeth and realized how rough and flat it was becoming. I moved my tongue away from her teat and moved lower in between her legs as the fur progressed. As I did this my hands and feet began to feel uncomfortable as they dried out. New claws pierced through my skin as I started licking at my lovers black furry pussy. 

I could feel pains in my feet and legs as my femur shortened and my foot lengthened, my heels reducing in size until they were nonexistent. It was no longer comfortable to sit hands and knees like I was now. Instead I stood on my toes as my feet thinned out to become part of my new three jointed digitigrade legs. Lena's constant fingering continued, getting faster and faster as I got closer (and furrier). My white and orange fur was now down to my "knees" and up to where new rows of small teats were forming, soon to be complete with milk ducts. Finally I reached orgasm. As my cat pussy clamped down on my lovers fingers I released a noise I had never before. It started out as a yell but quickly turned into a loud yowl. "Aaaaaaaaaooooowwwwllrrrrrrrrr..."

I tried to keep pleasuring Lena with my tongue as I orgasmed but instead I just continued to spasm in pleasure as she pulled me close to her. She began to kiss me again while I started gently rocking back and forth as I felt something right above my ass shifting. Each time I shifted my hips I felt an extra vertebrae take its place. At first it felt like my ass was being pulled tight but then it began to feel normal as my tail grew out and new skin was made to cover it. My calico fur was already covering it and was now reaching up to my breasts. I entered a state of mindless ecstasy resting my head on my feline wife's breast as she pleasured me. I just didn't have the energy to dominate any as my changes were using it all. As my fur reached my breasts I could feel pressure along my abdomen where all my new teats were located. I felt my bra strap strain against me, causing my breasts to ache as they grew. 

"Lena... fuck... unhook me..." I moaned as my breasts and ass filled out. I looked down at myself to get a quick look at my transforming body. I could see my tail laid across my now digitigrade legs, my bra soon falling on top of it allowing my breasts to fall free. I was really excited to have a tail. When Lena first transformed I was somewhat jealous of the grace it had added to her, and the beauty it added to her silhouette. I stared down and noticed how the aches in my toes were changing my feet. My pinky toe was slowly moving up my leg, whereas the others where shortening to form two new paws where my foot was. I took in my new bottom half as I felt Lena massage my lowest teats. I purred loudly, embracing my new body as I felt my milk leak out. 

"Lena... thank you..." I moaned out to her as my fur covered my arms, quickly the sensation moved up to my neck.

"I love you Callie." She said as I leaked milk. I began to feel her tongue run across my fur. My wife's grooming was comforting. Each lick across my back felt soothing. The prickling moved up to my chin and covered across my face. I felt an ache as I felt my old teeth begin to become loose and fall out, with more sharper and deadlier ones pushing their way through the soft gums soon after. I felt an ache and the room around me became silent as my ears readjusted themselves further up on my head. The cartilage was pulled tighter and covered with my calico fur into a triangular shape. Everything felt louder. I could hear more, even the electrical cables. It was wonderful. My fur finally met the top of my black hair as my changes began to finish. My nose and lips became black as my face began to push out into my new feline muzzle. 

I was exhausted, I yawned with a slight "mrowl" at the end. Resting my head on Lena's breast I looked up slightly as she scratched my ears gently. "Am I cute as a cat babe?"

"Of course you are my little Calico..." she replied.

"I'm too tired to stop you from calling me that..." I sighed. I began to close my eyes as my lover later me down next to her. 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Callie was adorable, I have to admit she took her change well. I cried for months. God I was so glad she's a calico. It fits so well with her name. I scratched her head gently as she slept in my arms. I would have to clean some of her milk off the bed later, but it would wait. For now I just wanted to be with the most beautiful little cat in the world. 

"What did I do to deserve you in my life Callie?" I said to her as she slept away in my arms, kissing her gently on her black nose. I was worried at first she would hate it like I first did, but here she was, in love with her new change. Her heat seemed to be satiated for now, but I could definitely still feel mine. It was fine though. She was exhausted, let her sleep. I stared at her faces and saw her face shift slightly with discomfort. "You got your pretty cat eyes love?" I whispered to her, gently caressing her pretty new fur until I yawned myself and fell asleep.