 When Leoni came out from the back of the strip club, only Kelly and Michael were still there; Kelly because of the unspoken female buddy system, and Mike because Kelly hadn't wanted to wait alone. The rest had gone home or on to cheaper bars. Kelly thought Leoni looked a little preoccupied as she drew near; she was looking at Kelly but not responding to her facial expressions. When Leoni got to their table, she went around to Kelly's chair and leaned in close as if to say something quietly. But at first, she didn't speak at all, and Kelly realized during this time that Leoni's eyes were falling right down through the stretched v-neck of her tank top and into her wide and ample cleavage. Then, when Leoni did speak, it was surely loud enough for Mike to hear.

"Kelly," she said, "I think you're fuckable."

Kelly looked a bit like a deer caught in the headlights. "Leoni, what happened?"

Leoni only smiled. "Hey Mike, thanks for waiting."

"No problem."

"Do you like me, Mike?"

"Of course I like you."

"I'm sorry."  She laughed and rolled her eyes. "What I meant to ask is: Do you want to take me back to my room right now and pump me full of your cum?"

"I—. Wha—. Yes. Very, very yes."

"Great."

"Leoni?!" Kelly protested.

"Thanks for waiting Kelly. Sorry about this. I'll call you tomorrow, okay?" Leoni had already taken Mike's arm and was leading him out of his seat.

Leoni's roommate Mare (short for Maryam) was already in bed with the lights out when the redhead came in entangled with Mike. Mike had undone most of Leoni's blouse in the hallway while Leoni had opened the door and loosened his belt.  The door had barely shut and Leoni was on her knees in the pale pink light of a streetlamp, taking down his pants. It was at this point that Mare rolled over under her covers and Mike tried to point out her presence to Leoni. But Leoni was too absorbed in her task and in another second, Mike's cock was out, aiming right at Leoni's face.

Mike couldn't tell if Mare was awake. She had to be awake; they were hardly being quiet. He couldn't tell whether her eyes were open, then, though he could see her beautiful young East Indian face, soft and rounded and dark. She might have been watching. If she was, she had a full enough view of Mike's penis, or at least the part outside Leoni's mouth, which went between four and eight inches in length as she sucked away on him. Mike couldn't look away from Mare's face, even while his own contorted in pleasure. Secretly, he fancied she was watching him and liking it, despite her usual shy and proper manner. He imagined his cock pushing past her full, shapely lips.

Leoni had worked off the rest of her blouse while she sucked. The motion caught Mike's attention and pulled it from Mare. He looked down on his topless friend giving him a blowjob. Her noticed her slight breasts, and the projecting nipples finally bare. Leoni felt that he was too close to cumming, and she let go of him, lying back in the middle of the floor and unbuttoning her jeans. Mike made more gestures to Maryam but Leoni ignored them.

And there was her bush. She hadn't been wearing any panties. Once the jeans were off, she was naked, and reaching up for Mike's cock like it was the antidote to something that had bitten her. He could not refuse, and so he went down to her while she pushed on a condom, and then he thrust himself inside her. She made a hushed noise and began to massage her nipples while he fucked her, her head and her eyes rolled back. Mike thought that she must have seen Mare like that, albeit upside down, but still Leoni didn't seem to care about the presence of her roommate. Maybe she had gotten a taste for exhibitionism at the strip club.

Mike was looking at Leoni's body when Mare opened her eyes. They came open slowly and settled on Leoni and her face. Leoni's eyes were closed. Just in case, Mare gave a wide disbelieving look and rolled over slowly to face the wall.

The next morning, Mare woke fairly early and looked over to see Leoni sleeping in her bed, alone. Mare rose and grabbed her towel and went out to the hallway and the showers.

Leoni wasn't sleeping, in fact. She hadn't slept much all night. Instead, she was lying there with her eyes closed trying to dream of sleep.

Some time later, Mare returned and hung her towel by her bed. Then as always, she turned to face her wall and stepped out of her short-legged pyjama pants. Usually, she would put on some panties and proper pants before switching her top, but today of all days, she allowed herself to become completely naked. Leoni's emotions were all contorted as she watched from her bed. In large part, she was angry that she could not have felt last night with Mike what she was feeling just now at the mere sight of Mare's girly bronze bum. In fact, there was more than the bum. From down on her bed, Leoni could see the shape where the lips hung down in the wide space between Mare's thighs.

Suddenly, with her white cotton panties in her hands, Mare turned her head back over her shoulder. Leoni was too slow to react and so didn't bother shutting her eyes. Instead, she resigned herself to discovery and made the best of it by enjoying the teasing edge of her roommate's left breast below her armpit. Mare stayed frozen; she didn't seem to know what to do or say.

"Geez, Mare. How come you're always wearing baggy clothes?"

Mare blushed and looked away. "What do you mean?" She looked quickly over herself and then fumbled to get the panties on. Her breast joggled out under her arm while she did. It was full and round, hanging but not sagging. But then she had pulled a thick sweater down over it – skipping her bra in her haste – and was already working on some dark jeans.

"I mean you've got a gorgeous figure. You don't need to be shy about a body like that."

"You're not too shy yourself, these days."

Leoni took a breath. "I'm sorry we woke you."

"You didn't wake me; I was already up."

"You were up?"

"Yup."

Leoni sat up in her bed. "Did you watch?"

"What?"

"While you were pretending to sleep, were you watching us?"

"No."

"You were!"

"You were the ones putting on the sex show. You can't blame me for seeing it."

"I'm hardly blaming you. I'm just surprised you liked it."

"I didn't like it."

"Then why did you watch?"

Mare was still turned away from Leoni, shuffling things around in one of the drawers of her dresser. "You know, it's like a car wreck; you can't look away."

"Do you fancy Mike?"

"No."

"Well built though, isn't he?"

"I can't believe you want to talk about this."

"He's not my boyfriend; it was just a thing."

"Yeah but we're still talking about me watching you fucking. You were completely naked on our floor, Lee, rubbing yourself."

"You must have seen me naked before."

"Your legs were spread wide open and Mike was going in and out of you."

"Well I don't suppose you ever saw that before."

Mare spun around. "Aren't you embarrassed?"

The words seemed to weigh on Leoni. "I'm sorry," she said. 

After a moment, Mare went and sat on her bed. "Well, it wasn't so bad."

"No, you're right, it was awful."

"It wasn't awful. If you were Janice, it would have been awful."

They laughed; they couldn't help it.

"Well I'm glad I rate better than Janice at least." They were still chuckling.

"You rate way better than Janice. Hell, if I'd had a camera handy, I'd be rich."

"Oh get off it."

"Seriously, next time give me warning so I can set up my tripod."

"Fuck off."

They laughed again.

"I need to put on a bra." Mare was looking down at her sweater.

"Sorry Mare, I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable just now. You were just standing there and...well, it was like a car wreck. I never saw you naked before."

"I thought you were sleeping."

"Don't worry; I wish everyone were so easy on the eyes."

"Oh shut up."

"No, seriously, you could do underwear ads."

"Are you full of shit?"

"No, really."

"I've been gaining weight."

"Then you were too skinny before. Speaking as a woman who's just seen your waist, your hips, and your thighs — and your ass — there is not one ounce of unappealing fat on you. Trust me, Mare. You're absolutely luscious. Even your back is luscious."

"My back?"

Leoni put up her hands in mock surrender. "What can I say, you have a luscious back."

Mare smiled. "Well, uh, thanks. Now look away. I'm going to put on my bra."

"Are you still self conscious? After all that?" Leoni swivelled on her bed and looked out the window. She had her arms around her shins and her knees up by her chin.

"I'm just not used to being looked at." While she said this, Mare noticed that with the new arrangement of Leoni's covers and her cotton nightshirt, a wide swath of her right buttock was bare. It was evident that she hadn't worn any panties to bed. Mare turned away as quickly as she could and hauled off her sweater.

"I'm peeking at your baaack."

"Lee!" Mare slung her arms around her breasts instinctively. She glanced back at her roommate, who was still looking out the window. "You're incorrigible." Leoni sniggered. Mare let her arms down and bent to get the bra from her mattress. This offered Leoni a very clear profile of Mare's breasts, swinging under her, when Leoni snuck her peek a moment later.

"Did you just peek?"

Leoni looked over now, figuring she had a legitimate excuse since she'd been spoken to. Mare was holding her bra up to her chest but had not put it on. She was standing square to the wall with her shoulders turned halfway to Leoni. She wore a stern scowl.

"Why would I peek? I've seen naked women before. I saw a whole year's worth last night."

Mare's face cleared entirely. "I forgot about that! What happened?" She faced away again and bent down to get her breasts properly into the white lace C cups of her bra. Leoni hadn't been asked to look away, so she didn't. But the angle was not as generous this time.

"Well, there was music, and every couple of songs, there was a different girl up on stage dancing for us."

"How far did they go?" Mare was fastening the strap behind her back.

"Oh they went all the way."

"Completely naked?"

"Oh yeah. Some even fingered themselves."

"Now you are full of shit." Mare had the sweater on her forearms and had paused.

"You can ask any of the guys. Or Niko or Kelly."

"Kelly was there? How did she like it?"

"I don't know really. She didn't want to leave though."

"No way! So you think she's bi after all?"

"Probably everyone's a little bi. Anyway, it was weird, but it wasn't bad. I mean some of them were really good dancers. One or two were actually artistic. And, honestly, they were hot."

"So how long did you stay?"

"I don't know, two, three hours."

"That long?!"

"Well, I'm not sure."

Finally, Mare worked her sweater over her head and down to her waist. As Mare came away from her corner of the room, Leoni threw off her covers and swung her right leg over to step off her bed. In so doing, with her nightshirt riding up on her hips like it was, she flashed her roommate with a split-second view of her bright orange bush.

"Christ, Lee!"

"What?" her legs were back together again, hanging off the bed.

"You just flashed me!"

Leoni looked down, pretending not to understand. "Oh, sorry, Mare. I guess you got a little taste of the strip club there."

"Well that's enough for me, thanks."

Leoni stood up. The shirt went down just past her bum. Her nipples were as prominent as ever behind its thin material. "Don't they ever get models in for you in photography?"

"Yeah, there was one guy and one girl, but it wasn't like a strip club."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean it wasn't erotic. They were just plain and it was all very dry. Professional."

"And that's different from this how?"

Mare seemed suddenly perplexed. "Uh —."

"Was that erotic for you? That sneak peak at my bush?"

"No, I—."

"Do I make you feel naughty, here in nothing but this shirt?" Leoni ran her palms down over her hips, inflecting her pelvis and pushing out her nipples.

"Oh piss off, you!"

Leoni laughed. "Don't worry, Mare; like I said, everyone's a little bi."

"I am not bi!"

"Okay, okay." Leoni gave Mare a meaningful look and then bent down straight-legged to her bottom drawer, flaunting the lower rounds of her ass and her pussy for the other girl.

"Leoni!" Mare shouted, turning her head away immediately. After a few moments, she looked back, but Leoni was still bent over, and to make matters worse, she was now wiggling her bottom back and forth. "Oh, Leoni," Mare added in a low and scornful voice. She raised a hand up before her eyes.

"I'm just messing with you, Mare. I haven't got much to hide from you anyway, now." But still Leoni did not stand up. Instead, she spread her feet apart so that her thighs lifted up the hem of her shirt and her full ass was visible. The lips of her pussy dangled in plain view, slightly parted.

Mare didn't say anything for a moment. She was looking past her hand at the show. "You really want to be one of them, don't you?"

"Who?"

"The strippers."

Leoni looked back towards Mare while maintaining her display. "Do you think I'd be good at it?"

"Well I'm no expert, but I expect you're doing well right now."

"Thanks."

"Don't thank me. I don't want to see my roommate's labia. I can't believe you're still standing there presenting your most intimate parts to me."

"So look away."

"Oh sure."

"Car wreck?"

"More like a train wreck, Lee. An airplane wreck."

"You've never seen another woman's pussy before, have you? I mean really looked at it."

"No, of course not! Have you?"

"Well, last night."

"Oh yeah."

"I must have seen a dozen last night."

"And now you want to subject me to that?"

"Well, is it so bad?"

"Yes! You're my roommate, and you're doing erotic poses for me. Without any panties on!"

"I'm just bending over here with my legs apart. Whether it's erotic or not is up to you."

"I'm really not bi, Lee. Now put your legs together."

"I'll do that once you've had a real look."

"Why the hell do you want me to look?"

"Because I think you're missing out. You're always taking photos of pollen in flowers and people's fingers and shit. So when this girl on stage put her pussy in my face last night, it was strange at first, sure, but then it occurred to me that it was really beautiful, in that artistic kind of way. Forget the bi teasing; just take a real look at it and tell me it isn't cool."

"I don't think so."

"Mare, who else is going to let you look like this? I don't mind; go ahead."

"It's just weird."

"Seriously, Mare," — and Leoni did sound very sensible — "what's wierd? We're women; this is our anatomy. And we're friends. If you're not bi, then what are you afraid of?"

"I guess."

"Just look at me, will you?"

"Alright, fine." Mare bent a little and put her head forward, hesitantly. Leoni went back to looking at her dresser, staying very still at first, and later allowing her hips to sway slightly. After a minute of that, Mare knelt down and began to tilt her head to the left and right. Eventually, she inched up closer, until she was only a foot or two away from Leoni's behind. "Okay, it is kind of pretty," she admitted plainly. "I can see what you mean. It's intricate. I can't believe we're doing this."


"Oh grow up. We've both got one. Guys worship their cocks so much, the least we can do is appreciate our pussies."

Mare laughed nervously. "Well I suppose that's true. But guys don't sit around in their rooms looking at each other's dicks, do they?"

"That's just because they're so homophobic. I guarantee they check each other out in the locker room. Besides, you have an artistic interest. You do, right?"

"I never ever ever would have thought so, but I think I do. Can you turn to face the window a bit? No, I mean to make your—. Yeah, like that."

"Do you want to photograph it?"

"Are you serious?"

"Yes. You can if you want."

"No. No. That's too much." Mare stood up and turned away.

Leoni stood up too. Her nightshirt fell back down over her hips. "Why don't you get your camera?"

"No thanks."

"You know they'd be good shots."

"They would be good. But it's practically porn."

"It's only porn if it turns you on."

"That's not true. There's lots of porn that doesn't turn me on."

"Yeah, I guess. But you want to take the photos. I can tell."

"—."

"It's really okay if you want to take the photos."

"What would people think?"

"That you're a lesbian. It's not so bad. It makes the guys desperate for you."

"Is that what happened with Mike?"

"You know: a suggestion here, a suggestion there, one thing leads to another."

"I dunno."

"Fine. This is your last chance."

"You'd be okay with people seeing them?"

"Yeah."

"I wouldn't get your face in them."

"Of course not. I trust you."

"You're sure."

"Just get your camera. Mare, and put my twat on film."

Mare opened her dresser and withdrew a film camera and a tripod. She set these up near the middle of the room. While she was doing so, Leoni wandered over to her bed and slid her nightshirt up over her head. Her luxuriant orange waves fell back down around her shoulders. She stretched like that, with the shirt high above her, pushing out her ribcage and her bum. Mare saw this and was surprised. But she didn't say anything until Leoni turned back to face her.

"You didn't have to take your shirt off."

"Should I put it back on?"

"Well, it doesn't matter, I guess. I have seen your tits before." Mare was mildly mocking her own words. "Okay, can you sit over here?"

Mare had Leoni arrange herself for several close up shots, using the light from the window for shadows. At one point, she had to push Leoni's thigh outward to get the right light, and when it occurred to her where she had just touched her roommate, how high up on the inside of her thigh, she offered an apologetic smile.

"No worries, girl. Do whatever you need to do."

But Mare didn't touch her again. Instead she progressed to slightly wider shots, including parts of the bum and the thighs. Soon she was spending most of her time just staring at Leoni, without taking many pictures. She seemed unsure.

"Do you mind if I get your breasts in a shot?"

Leoni acted surprised, and smiled. "I didn't know you liked them."

Mare smirked. "I don't. But the camera does. It's up to you." She held the camera up just below her eye, which was waiting for a decision from Leoni. The camera was already aimed at Leoni's chest.

Leoni winked and wiggled her nipples. Mare squeezed the shutter.

"Do you really not like them?"

"Well, they're sexy; don't get me wrong."

"Too small?"

"Nooo... too female."

Leoni got to her feet. "Okay, now I get to take one of you."

"Oh, no way."

"Relax. You can keep your clothes on. Hey, I've been naked here for half an hour. I get at least one shot of you. Period."

Grudgingly, Mare set her camera on the tripod and moved around to the place where Leoni had been sitting. At the same time, Leoni sashayed her way to the tripod. Mare marvelled at the movement of her hips.

"How do you want me?"

"Why don't you lie back there in the cushions. Casual. And be sure to smile. I want teeth."

Mare put on her best photo smile while Leoni fiddled with the camera. A red light started flashing.

"Oh, you've got it on the timer. Here —." Mare was about to get herself up to correct her roommate's mistake, but the next thing she knew, Lee was flopped in her lap and there were arms around her neck and there were lips on her cheek. The shutter clicked.

"Oh. My. God."

Leoni was still sitting on her, impossibly naked, hanging from her neck. "You have to show me that one," she said.
