 Liz wakes up bright and early on Saturday morning. Well, 9AM. As early as a college girl who stayed up late would hope to wake up. She stretches and yawns in her cute baby doll nightie, with her bare pussy peeking out from underneath.

She does her morning routine, freshens, up, puts on a pot of coffee, and sits at her kitchen table, playing on her phone while taking her daily shot of caffeine. There's a knock at the door, so she gets up to answer it.

Looking through the peephole, she sees Deanna smiling devilishly.

"Oh my, bright and early." Liz thought to herself happily.

Ever since Deanna found out what a submissive bisexual slut Liz was, they've had a few changes in their relationship. Mainly, Liz does whatever Deanna tells her to, and loves every minute of it. Liz loved cock, and has had her fair share of good dicking. Being a delicate Irish rose, she couldn't get enough of those tough Irish brawlers with thick cocks that liked to put her in her place. She once fucked a bartender just to pay her tab! And not because she couldn't afford it, Liz was well off financially. But because he wouldn't stop hitting on her, and the thought of being such a dirty whore for him flooded her brain like heroin. 

But for some reason, the orgasms were more intense when she was being treated by a woman like the degraded, depraved lil fuckslut that she is. Liz never had the courage to pursue women. What she really needed was for a woman to come on to her. And Deanna answered that call admirable.

So she opened the door for Deanna, and the two embraced. "Well how are you this morning, cutie pie?" D asks.

"Pretty good, miss Deanna." Liz's pet name for her master. "What brings you over today? Are we gonna have some fun"? Liz asked, with an anticipating smile on her face.

"Oh we sure are. But I have a little something else in mind than our usual fare."

"Oh? What is it?"

"You'll see." D said with a wink. For now, go and get ready, I'll take you to the location.

"Um, where are we going?"

"Don't worry about it, now get ready. Oh! And put this in." D pulls out a slim butt plug from her purse, much like the one they used the first time they got together.

"Well okay." Liz complied, not even thinking about it. So she lubed the plug up with her precious little mouth, getting it nice and sloppy so that it would fit. Liz was tight like a virgin. Men have had her ass before. But even the most skilled cocksman that could plow her cunt for 40 solid minutes couldn't last very long in her insanely tight ass. Once ready, she handed it back to D, who had her turn around so that she could ease it in to her.

"Ohh ohhh OHHHHH UHHHHHH" Liz squealed as the expanded middle of the plug pushed her balloon knot open, only to close back up around the base. Once in entirely, D tugged on the plug a few times, making Liz whine and squeal in a mix of glorious pain and pleasure.

"What a gooooood lil girl!" D said with a smile. "All tight and snug in your pretty lil shitter!" D Soaked up the sight of Liz's perfect round butt with a plug deeply entrenched inside for just a few more seconds, then instructed Liz to get dressed and get ready to leave.

So she does so, and they walk down to D's car. "Omg, I don't know if I can take the suspense." Liz said nervously. 

"Sssh." D said, putting her finger over her mouth to quiet her, then kissing her pretty lil lips. "You're going to have a great time today, I promise." I'm just giving my good lil fuckslut exactly what she wants, even if she doesn't know it yet." She said with a wink.

Liz wasn't quite sure how to feel. She was getting wet, but also scared. "What was this crazy bitch gonna do to me?" She thought to herself, as she somewhat painfully sat her plug-stuffed butt in to the passenger's seat and Deanna pulled out of the parking garage and sped off.

They pulled up to a nice house in the Chicago suburbs. Two-story, attached garage, big yard. A lot of cars out front, so Liz assumed there was a party going on. "Oh, whose house is this?" She asked.

"Katie Johnson's." D replied. "The girl from the softball team?" Liz asked. "Yep. Her parents went up to Michigan for the weekend, so she has the house to herself. We worked this out accordingly. She was more than happy to host you."

"Um, but I..." Liz started to say. "I mean, what we have is one thing, but I don't know if I can...go with another girl..."

"You aren't going with another girl. You're going with a whole bunch of other girls. And I know you want this. Not only that, but you're not permitted to question me, fuckslut." D said in a moderate tone, but putting Liz in her place.

Liz's heart raced with anxiety and fear. She was going to perform with other women? She wasn't ready for this. Her and D getting together was one thing, but her having to basically tell other women her dark desires? She wasn't so cool with this.

D stroked Liz's soft brown hair, and kissed her cheek. "Don't worry, my baby girl fuckslut is going to have fun today." Liz smiled nervously, unsure that she was ready to share herself with strangers, let alone a batch of them.

They got out of the car and knocked on the door. Being greeted by Katie herself, a voluptuous sandy blonde with firm C-cup tits and a juicy ass. Not as big as D's, but easily as toned.

"Well hey D! And hi Liz, remember me from around the university?" Katie asked.

"Um yeah, you're on the softball team. You guys are pretty good."

"Oh yeah, we're very good. Let's just say we have really high morale, and that goes a long way in performing well as a team." Katie said with a wink.

Liz and D walk in to the front room, to meet a crowd of women. There must have been over two dozen girls hanging out in Katie's big front room. Blondes, brunettes, and redheads of all shapes and sizes. Big, medium, and small tits and butts. It was like a sexual buffet. Liz saw her and D's friends Anne and Gina among the crowd as well. 

"Hi Liz!" The crowd of women shouted at once, spooking Liz. "H-Hi girls." Liz nervous said back as she half-heartedly waved.

"Damn you're right, Katie. She is a Q.T. Pie." One of the girls said. "Mmhmm." Another girl said. "I can't wait for the party to begin!" 

Liz, dying of anticipation, practically shaking from nerves, demanded to know. "Okay, what's going on, here?" Then looking over at D, realizing she was not permitted to question her.

D just wrapped her arms around Liz in a friendly embrace, kissing her cheek, and began whispering seductively in to her ear. "These are the school's softball and volleyball teams respectively. And like Katie said, there's a very special form of morale and camaraderie that goes around their circles. You watch porn. Have you ever seen those Lesbian Bukkake movies?"

"Um, that's with the..." Liz's pretty blue eyes got huge as she realized what she was in store for. 

"Mmhmm!" D said proudly. "See, you're going to be our lil centerpiece. All these bitches here are going to drain their cunts on to your pretty little face and body. You're going to be so covered in girl cum by the time we're done that you'll look like you took a dip in the pool! Oh, but no pool for you today, my lil baby girl fuckslut. You're just gonna swim in freshly milked girl cum!"

Liz was unable to speak. Her panties were soaked now, but she literally started shaking like a leaf in fear. She didn't know if she could do this. What her and D had was private, but pleasuring all these women at once? Exposing herself for the depraved lil fuck piggy that she was?

"See, once I told Gina that she was right about you, that you were a fucking freak that was just begging for someone to help you release, she knew just what to do. She called Katie up, who was looking for a theme for the group's next party. Usually they break in their rookies with a nice hazing orgy, but your penchant for pee and squirt play inspired us to work this idea up."

Now that Liz was clear, she couldn't help but notice that all of these girls were drinking water from tall glasses.

"I lost 50 bucks on this bet, Liz." Anne said. "I told them that they were all fucking crazy, and that you were just a good girl. Boy, was I wrong!"

"Okay!" Katie said. "Enough with the chitchat! D, prep your sweet lil slut, ladies, let's move down to the basement and get this show on the road!"

"Whoohoo" the girls cried out emphatically. They all walked down to the basement, which was wide open, with a series of large rolled-out plastics on the floor. It certainly looked like there was going to a lot of fluids spilled today.

The girls assembled in to a wide circle and began taking their clothes off. D walked Liz out to the center of said circle.

"Okay baby pie, take your clothes off."

Liz just shook like a leaf. "D, Umm, Miss, I can't do this."

"It's silly that you think you have a choice. I know you want this. I've gotten to know quite a bit about my lil fuckslut since we've been together. You always say a little more than you mean to say. And I know that you want to be the center of attention in an orgy! I know you want to get used like a 10 dollar street hooker! Now take off your clothes. I won't ask you again before I start to get mean."

Liz knew she was right. She spilled a lot to D during their hot fuck sessions. Perhaps she told her of all the hot porn that she watched, and how she craved to be one of those girls in the gangbang and group sex scenes. But she never thought she could actually do it. Nonetheless, as not to incur Deanna's Italian wrath, she stripped herself naked.

"Wow, she's got a hot body! Such a fuckin cutie!" One of the girls said, and the entire group started making catcalls at Liz. Soaking up her big titties with fat areolas on her otherwise short, slender frame. A tight, well-rounded butt accentuating her features, and a delicious, just-barely plump hairless pubic area that was hosting a pretty lil cunt that was glistening with girl juice. Liz worked out, and kept her body in great shape. Maybe that's why she intimidated so many boys from talking to her.

"How does such a small girl get such big titties?" A voluptuous blonde with a 40-inch waist and big tits asked from the circle. "I probably got 50 pounds on this bitch, and even then I just barely match hers." 

Liz looked back at the group of nude girls. Natural blonde and redhead bushes mixed in among the brunettes and bald pussies. Perky lil titties with nipples pointing out at her meeting fat, heavy jugs. She was thoroughly turned on at the sight of this alone. Naked college girl flesh everywhere she looked. Her own friends Deanna, Anne, and Gina ready to violate her.

"Okay girls, get ready. I see that some of you already are." Katie said.

The girls were all rubbing their pussies and playing with their titties by this point. Working themselves up to get nice and wet. The sound of soft moans permeated the air.

Liz totally forgot about the plug in her butt at this point, until she felt a tug on it from behind her. She yelped, and turned around to see a stunning brunette, probably six inches taller than her, rubbing her clit and smiling.

"My boyfriend made me wear one of those to class for an entire day once." The brunette said with a smile. "I was so self-conscious about the plug in my ass that I couldn't even focus. Then when I came home, he took it out and replaced it with his cock."

Liz rubbed herself to this little story, as the brunette dropped her to her knees and guided her face in to her pussy. Liz started eating her out like a champ. Slurping and lapping up her cunt juices like a porn star.

"Yeah, there we go. What a good lil whore you are." Deanna called out, naked by now, rubbing her dark Italian pussy lips. 

Liz munched away on the girl's cunt until she finally pulled her head out, rubbed furiously, let out some loud moans, and unleashed a torrent of her cunt juice on to her face.

"Ohhhh fuccccckkkkk babbbbyyyy!!" The brunette cried out, her pussy now dripping girl cum on to Liz's face. Liz had no idea what to do, but she almost came when that fuck juice splashed her.

A couple other girls now approached Liz, one was her friend Anne, rubbing themselves furiously. A blonde faced her, and another brunette had her from behind. They rubbed themselves to orgasm, spraying Liz's face with juice yet again. Well, the brunette got her from behind, soaking Liz's hair with pussy juice. Liz just kept rubbing herself and moaning, now fully aware of the cunt juice that was all over her face and soft brown hair.

Liz's friend Gina then came up to her. She was rubbing her red-haired pussy with a sparkle in her eyes. Liz wasn't big on hairy pussy, but Gina didn't look like she had the time for debate.

"Eat my fuckhole, baby girl." Gina said, as she shoved Liz's face in to her soft fire-crotched pussy. Slurp, baby. I wanna hear you tongue-fuck me!"

Liz noisily slurped at Gina's pale pussy lips, as her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she enjoyed this onslaught. Liz felt the tickle of Gina's soft pussy fur against her nose. "She must have used conditioner or something." Liz joked to herself. A couple more girls came up to Liz and orgasmed on her, further soaking her hair with girl cum. Gina then pulled away, frigged herself off, and sprayed Liz's pretty baby-face with a torrent of warm girl cum. Liz just tried to swallow what made it in to her mouth. But it was all in her eyes, her nose and cheeks, chin, everywhere. She ran her hands through her wet hair, feeling girl juice instead of silky soft brown hair.

Deanna then laid Liz down on the mat so that she could sit on her face. Liz accordingly ate her cunt while more women approached her and started squirting all over her body. A few got her big titties, a couple others decided to nail her pussy. Liz was slowly getting coated with the girl cum of many hot lil college whores. She was utterly humiliated, yet hotter than she'd been in a long time.

D finished up, and then sat up and sprayed her orgasming cunt juice right in to Liz's mouth, who then swallowed it down like a good girl. A couple of the girls who already came decided to share Liz's titties, each latching on to one and suckling. This was putting Liz over the edge.

"Ohhhh myy goddd I loooove having my nipples sucked!" Liz shouted out, as the dual onslaught of titty sucking made a direct line to her clit, bring her closer to orgasm.

A curvy blonde with a fat pussy then came up to Liz. Her pussy so wet she was making noises by rubbing it. She lowered herself just enough to hover over Liz's face. "Flick it, girl. Flick my cunt lips with your pretty lil tongue."

So she jutted her tongue out and began flicking on her wet pussy lips. Back and forth, bringing a fiery shock to the blonde as she rubbed her clit. A few minutes of this, and she was ready.

"GAHHHH FUCCCKKK YOU FUCKING WHOREE!! OOOHHHHH!" She then sprayed Liz's face with her warm cunt juice. She was probably the biggest squirter thus far.

That was it for Liz. The sensation of her nipples being sucked coupled with the plug in her butt and a thick torrent of girl cum all over her face caused her to writhe in orgasm.

A cute brunette saw this, and decided to kneel down and lap at Liz's orgasming pussy. This just heighted the experience, and Liz kept cumming even harder. Eventually spraying this girl with her own cunt juice.

"Omg, I didn't think I was a squirter!" Liz said in shock.

"Very nice, baby." The girl said, slowly and seductively lapping up the cunt juice that sprayed out. Giving Liz a kiss on her clit, and a tug on her butt plug for good measure.

The time seemed to go on forever, as Liz worked her way through the group of girls giving her a lesbian bukkake shower. She couldn't turn her head without there being a pussy demanding to either be licked or unleashed with girl juice on to her. She got lightheaded eating so much pussy and getting sprayed with cum.

Another cute girl with dyed pink hair came up to Liz frigging intensely. Liz just let her drop on to her face and licked her cunt lips while she frigged her pussy. She had a little pussy, Liz wondered if she was a virgin. Nonetheless, she was going buckwild as Liz licked her deep and long while she worked her clit over with her small hands.

"FUCK BABBBBYYYYY!!!! OHHHH GOOODDD DON'T SWALLOW IT! Just keep it in your mouth!!" She shouted as her orgasm built. Liz wondered what she meant, but she nonetheless complied as she gushed a fire hose intense fucking load of girly cum on her face and in her mouth. Liz almost choked, but tried desperately to let her mouth fill with pussy juice. The two girls suckling her nipples looked up at her, telling the pink-haired ho to move so that they could see this.

The pink-haired girl then leaned down and said to Liz "Swap it with me." Then she kissed Liz deep, sharing a wet girl cum kiss with her. Liz could tell this girl was a fucking freak. She had those crazy eyes as she stole back every drop of girl cum from Liz's mouth.

"Ahhhh, that hits the spot right there!" The pink haired slut said, giving Liz a soft peck on her pretty lil lips. "I have a cam show on Chaturbate." She said, explaining herself. "I make like 500 bucks a week doing stuff like drinking my pee and squirt for my customers. Not to mention the A2M dildo action. I've come to really love doing it!"

Liz couldn't believe what she was hearing. It was so hot thinking that this girl ho'd herself out to a bunch of horny perverts paying her to drink her own pee. Liz never had the courage to do the same, but the thought made her pussy drip.

"Okay, I think we've got but a few girls left." Katie announced. As the last batch of girls approached Liz. One cute redhead sat directly on Liz's face and got oral action. The other two, a blonde and brunette, one wrapped her leg around Liz, tribbing her soaked pussy with hers while the third girl kissed the tribber while frigging herself. The tribbing brunette reached behind her and down to her butt to where she had access to Liz's butt plug and started tugging on it. Liz had a girl at each end. A soft, wet pussy sliding against hers, two mouths on her tits, a pussy on her face, soaked all over with girl cum, and a plug tugging on her tight shitter. She let out a muffled moan as she came again, oozing out sticky juice on to the tribbing girl's pussy.

"MMMMPPPPHHH" Liz shook in orgasm. She almost blacked out the sensation was so intense. The tribbing girl finally pulled the plug out of Liz's butt. She almost offered it to Liz, but thought twice. She stuffed it in her mouth and tasted Liz's salty ass slime and moaned. 

The third girl broke the kiss with the other and walked over to Liz's head. She was ready to cum. "Hurry up bitch, I want another dual squirt shot." She said.

The girl on Liz's face stood up, her clit practically purple from rubbing for so long. And the two held hands while they came together, giving Liz a double shot of girl cum. Liz held her mouth open and tried to swallow as much as she could. The rest running down her face in to her hair and neck and ears.

The tribbing girl was finishing up soon after. She rubbed with one hand, held her lips open with the other, and instructed Liz to hold her own pussy lips open. She then sprayed right in to Liz's cunt. Giving her a girly cum creampie. Of course it didn't get too deep, as Liz's tight little pussy wouldn't allow it.

She dropped to her knees and crawled away, completely fucked out.

And there Liz laid. Covered head to toe with pussy juice. Her belly full of it as well. A couple of girls then got in line around Liz. "These girls need to pee. You're going to serve as both their toilet, and their potty paper." Katie told Liz. "You will swallow every drop that enters your mouth." Liz just moaned softly. "Ohhhhhh."

So the first girl knelt over Liz, spread her lips, and peed straight in to her mouth. Liz just tried to gulp it as fast as she could. Once her flow slackened to just some dripping drops, she lowered down some more, offering her cunt to Liz to clean. She cleaned up the tangy pee off of her spent pussy.
