 After a long day at work, Linda started to get tired, bored after sitting at her computer for nine hours. Even though it was past time for her to head home, she had one more file to finish up, a presentation for her boss, Carrie. At twenty-five, Linda had been working in the office for a few years but ever since her promotion, Carrie, her new boss, had ridden her harder than any of her previous managers. Brushing a stray lock of her blonde hair behind her ear, Linda tried to focus on the powerpoint file in front of her without much success, and started to wonder off in her mind, losing track of what she was doing. A minute later, she started scanning twitter, wondering if any of her friends were sharing anything interesting. 

"Great! You're still here," Carrie said, the Asian woman, of Vietnamese descent, stuck her head into Linda's office and gave her a big smile. Her teeth were bright, and her lips a brick red. Attractive and slender, Carrie was a nice enough boss, most days. 

"What's up?" Linda said, attempting to hide the fact she had been surfing the web, rather than finishing up her work. 

Narrow face grinning wider, Carrie walked over to her desk and saw the twitter feed, "Funny." Pointing at the screen, she showed Linda one of the tweets, "Have you used that site before?" Linda followed her finger and read the word Omegle on the screen and shook her head, long blonde hair coming loose again. "It's very fun," Carrie said, her mouth curled in a slightly smaller smile as she turned to walk out, "A few times, I got on there when I was bored. It's more entertaining than Twitter." Looking back at her, Carrie added, "Make sure you send that file to me before you leave, okay? Most everybody has already gone home."

Linda said, loudly as her boss walked away, "Yes, Carrie. I'll send it to you before I take off." She watched her boss walk off, her jean clad bottom slender yet curvy, her thighs and butt outlined in the material, showing every detail. Watching her boss's ass swish as the woman walked off, Linda shook her head, trying to focus. Linda had played around with a few girls in college, mostly to tease guys, and had never considered herself bisexual or lesbian. Despite her personal view on her sexuality, her boss was very attractive to her, and she enjoyed when the woman leaned in too close or seemed a bit extra clingy. Still, Linda had no illusions about her married boss, despite the woman's overly friendly touching, she knew the older woman had no interest. 

She did not have a steady boyfriend and Linda was actively looking, slightly frustrated that she could not meet any articulate, handsome guys. Her own physique was curvy, a few pounds over her ideal weight, despite her regular work outs in the company gym. She had massive breasts, a c-cup, and even though her stomach was toned, her curvy hips had been compared to a porn star's by her last boyfriend, which made her feel awkward. Curiosity got the better of her, and she clicked the link to the site, opening up a chat window and then wondering what she should type in. Shrugging, she typed in, "Peanut butter," and then got connected to a stranger who, apparently, liked peanut butter. The conversation was a bit random, with the other person, who had the label, "Stranger," on the screen, saying over and again that jelly ruined sandwiches. 

Curious what else would happen if she typed in something more interesting, she wrote, "Men," and got connected to a few random people who all started the conversation with the acronym, asl. A few times, she tried to ask what that meant, only to have the stranger leave the chat. Frustrated, she searched on Google, discovering it meant, "Age, Sex, Location." Her nipples grew stiff as she thought about the request, pulling out her smart phone and typing in the web address. This time, she wrote, "Women," in the box, just out of curiosity. In seconds, she had another stranger, chatting with her about how much he wanted to see her boobs. Despite the awkwardness of the request, she grew more frustrated and decided to start over. This time, thinking about her boss, she typed in, "Asian women." The screen flashed, and she started chatting with another guy, who apparently was about to, "explode at any second," and she realized that she was really getting nowhere, despite her increased arousal. For kicks, she finally wrote, "Lesbian," just to see if she could actually get another woman on the chat, as so far, as had only had men responding to her. A moment later, she had a new stranger in the chat box. What are you wearing, the woman asked, to which she hesitated for a moment, and then responded I'm wearing pink panties, a lacy bra...and nothing else. 

Mmmmmm that's hot, she replied. U have pics?

Sorry, no...Linda replied, curious where the conversation might go. 

What do u look like?

She described herself, saying she was five foot-two, curvy, in shape, with gorgeous breasts. For fun, she added, what I want...is to talk to a hot, sexy woman, while I finger myself...and tell her what kinky things I want to do to her body, if we were together.

The stranger replied, my pussy is on fire. I'm so wet. I just grabbed my nipples and squeezed them you are sexy! I want to lick your nipples, and stroke your pretty hair...

Smiling, Linda wrote back, Thanks baby. Then I grab you around the waist, and pull you close...I've never been with a woman...and have been dreaming about it for years.

The stranger replied, I want to kiss you so bad. Then nibble your ears, as I pull you close...with one hand, I start to pluck your sweet, delicious nipples, until they get as hard as mine...

Linda started breathing faster, enjoying the sexy banter. What are you wearing right now?

To which, her chat partner said, nothing.

Swallowing hard, Linda looked up, thankful the office was about empty. It was approaching six o'clock and she thought, even though her boss had stopped by a few minutes before, the woman might have finally gone home. Not knowing what to say, Linda just wrote, oh.

More words, I wanna get fucked.

The blonde felt herself get excited, so she wrote, my pussy just got wetter. I don't have any toys handy but, I can lick you...and kiss your delicious nipples. Linda could not believe what she was writing, but, lost in the moment, she kept typing, and then grab your tight, sweet butt. Slapping it, I hold you close, staring into your eyes.

Mmmm will u lick my ass, you're so sexy.

Kinky, Linda thought, then she typed again. Wow, ok. will you lay down...and spread your legs for me? I'd love to lick you all over.

Mmm hmmm whatever u want, came the response.

The blonde, feeling extra excited, started to feel herself get very, very excited as she typed more, I spread your cheeks, parting your tight, firm thighs...and run my hand inside your thighs, sliding my fingers up to your wet, dripping slit...fingering your hot pussy for a moment, I love the sound of your moan.

Wow! Oh yeah baby u gonna treat me right, the woman replied.

Smiling, her face flushed, Linda continued as she felt her nipples grow hard, then I bend down, sliding my tongue across your tight backside...with my hands, I slid a finger over your ass, the puckered entrance tight as I slid a finger just inside, I hear you moan louder.

Oooohhhhh, was all the response said.

Excited, Linda kept going, imagining the other woman fingering herself as she typed, then I slide my tongue closer to your backdoor, clutching you to rub my breast against your thigh as I move my mouth closer still I quiver, I inhale the scent of your sex the smell excites me further as my stiff nipples rub against your thigh.

Mmmm baby get to it, the response, clearly impatient, appeared.

Smiling, Linda wrote, finally, I can't stand it anymore, and I put my face between your cheeks...extending my tongue, licking your tight, light brown sphincter.

Ooooo baby.

Thighs feeling hot, Linda spread her legs, sitting upright in the chair and leaning forward over the keyboard, the ridges feel odd, yet exciting, against my tongue as I extend it, pushing it into your asshole...with both hands, I grip your cheeks, spreading you as wide as I can...to bury my pink, slick tongue into your backdoor.

Oh yeah baby ur so good tell me how it feels, the other woman wrote back.

Linda wrote, honestly, my pussy is throbbing, as I lick your asshole, the sensation foreign, and so kinky, my pussy gets overheated, I start to grind against your leg. In real life, Linda started to get short of breath, typing as fast as she could while distracted, increasingly thinking of touching herself, despite the possibility of getting caught by Carrie.

The other woman wrote back, it feels like a sexy pink slug is pleasuring me in my ass.

Odd way to put it, Linda thought, with my hands, I start massaging your ass, spreading your cheeks wide and then pushing them together, loving how your sphincter tightens against my tongue as I start to tongue fuck your anal passage. My pussy is dripping as I hump your thigh, while my lips start to suck, gently, at your tight asshole...with my tongue buried inside, I grip your cheeks, spreading them as wide as I can, burying my tongue even further into your tight ass.

Oooohhhhh yeah baby ur sooooo good.

Linda's face was bright red now, excited in the extreme, I lose control, removing my heated mound from your leg and pulling you back against me. Gripping your buttocks in both hands, i pull you backwards, until you are kneeling in front of me, and I keep licking your ass, my tongue now sticking a full two inches inside of your backdoor. With one hand, now that you are kneeling, I start to slid a finger into your wet pussy, the slick lips parting beneath my finger with ease. Starting to swirl my tongue around, I enjoy the moaning, wet sounds you make, as I keep licking and sucking your ass, fingering your slit with one finger, then two, starting to pump them in and out faster and faster. I can't believe how sexy your ass is, as I keep licking and sucking, pumping my fingers in and out, your tight pussy wrapped around my fingers as they bury themselves into your wet cunt.

Oh come on baby get me good.

Linda continued, after I pump my fingers deeper and deeper into your pussy, my tongue firmly embedded inside your tight, puckered ass, I slap it with my other hand, hearing you moan, my fingers leaving a hand print on your cheek. Licking, sucking, I finally reach out and pull your beautiful, long hair with my left hand, making you scream, as your back arches. As you arch your back, my fingers disappear even further up your pussy, and I add a third, all the while, licking and sucking your ass, loving the delicious, dirty taste and feeling as you moan in lust against my face.

Ohhhhhh fuck baby baby baby baby.

With one hand, Linda rubbed at her left breast, her nipple so stiff it was starting to hurt, then wrote more, as I pull your hair harder still, my tongue disappears even further into your ass, my chin pressed against your pussy and my nose resting against your crack, I can taste and smell your orgasm approaching.

Baby make me cum!

Linda, almost panting, wrote, the naughtiness of the experience starts to make me want more, my own pussy on fire as I grab your hair, pulling it harder, as I tongue fuck your asshole.

Oh yeah baby I cumming!

Encouraged, Linda felt her own thighs about to explode as she chatted, the tight, brown sphincter clenches around my tongue, as I pull your hair harder still, pummeling your pussy with all three fingers. Soon, I feel your juices overflowing, and add a fourth finger, stuffing almost my whole hand into your sweet, pink pussy lips, while my tongue keeps sliding in and out of your tight, puckered rear. Pulling on your hair, I hear you cry out, and start to lick and suck your ass harder still, sliding my tongue in and out, then stopping, using my lips to simply suck, sliding my tongue around the ridged sphincter, pumping all four fingers in and out of your wet slit faster and faster as I pull your hair, hearing you scream even louder.

Ohhhhh baby I'm squirting!!!!

Thighs on fire, Linda looked up, seeing nobody near her office, and grabbed her breasts again, squeezing them hard, before writing, I keep pumping your pussy, feeling it squirt around my fingers, loving the sensation of your asshole clench in the throes of your orgasm. I can't believe how hot, how succulent your forbidden orifice is beneath my lips and tongue as I continue licking, starting to tongue fuck your anal passage once more as you squirt all over my fingers. As the cum oozes out, soaking my hand, I stuff them as far as they can go into your tight, succulent pussy, and then start to slid my tongue deeper once more into your ass, pulling your hair as you buck your hips, the orgasm overwhelming your senses. I've never squirted before, though i've seen it in movies - the thought turns me on so much, my panties are completely soaked!

Baby I'm blacking out!!!

Unbelievable, Linda thought, she's really coming hard. Smiling, despite her frustration, Linda kept going, as the last of your orgasm squirts cum all over my hands, I start to remove my face from your ass, biting your cheek.

The other woman wrote back, oh, honey, I wish you could help me cum for real.

Linda replied, honestly, my pussy is throbbing.

And I can't believe how incredibly sexy you are! Rub ur pussy for me baby.

Nervous about touching herself in the office, Linda looked up again, not hearing any sounds, and thought for a moment before writing, well...I would...but, you're not giving me much to go on ;) did you really cum? if not, I can help more...:)

A moment later, yeah wow oh, my thighs are so wet. I think I need to clean this chair.

Linda, not wanting the other woman to go, replied, leave it.

The stranger continued, I can cum multiple times, too. Anal, strap-on, first times are my fetishes.

Intrigued, Linda wrote, what else can I do for you? Seriously, you're so sexy...I want you to cum again...and again.

Strap-on fuck me.

Linda smiled, turned on in the extreme, if I could, I'd fly you out here to california, and give it to you for real. A strap on? Okay. While you lay down on the bed, exhausted from your first, squirting orgasm, I stare at your tight, wet ass and pussy for a moment, licking my ruby red lips. My brown nipples are firmly erect, and my pussy is dripping down my toned thighs. Despite my desire for satisfaction, I can't get the thought out of my head, I want you to cum over and over. Your climax tasted like honey, and I want another helping. As you lay down, I disappear into my closest, returning a moment later with a long, black strap-on fastened around my slender waist.

Oh baby that's soo hot.

Linda smiled to herself, my pale skin shines with a slight sheen of sweet, as you stare at me, licking your lips. I stroke the fake cock for a moment, looking into your eyes, "I'm going to fuck you silly," I moan, my desire rampant, as I fixate on your sexy behind. You stretch, moving up onto your knees, and then flop over on your back, bringing your knees up to your chest, staring at me, your long hair soaked with sweat. Your pink nipples are completely stiff as I walk over to the bed, kneeling between your spread, toned thighs, positioning the strap-on cock at the base of your mount. "Where do you want it baby?" I ask, staring into your eyes, my hands running over your firm breasts for a moment, as I wait for your response.

In all my holes baby.

Despite the dirtiness of the chat, Linda was completely excited, her thighs almost on fire beneath her skirt. Yes, I moan, reaching up to squeeze my b-cup breasts for a moment, before reaching down to grab your thighs. I lift them up, positioning the dildo at your wet, slick cunt and then slam it home, fucking you hard and fast.

Oooojhhhhbbb baby.

Starting to nervously kick her legs, Linda tried to stimulate herself, while continuing to type out the dirtiest things she could think of, working up a rhythm, I lean forward, pushing my tits into yours, loving the feeling of your hard nipples pressed into my chest as I start to fuck your tight, sweet pussy.

Oh baby baby baby baby.

Hot, feeling like she should stop typing and disappear into the restroom to finger herself, Linda wrote, closing my eyes, I lean in, kissing your tender lips, the taste of your dank asshole still on my lips as you start to moan against me, your tongue sliding into my mouth as I pound your sweet pussy. Crying out in passion, I get even more excited, the base of the strap-on pushing into my overheated clit as I fuck your tight pussy. My own wet center, feeling so overheated, starts to grow hotter and hotter, as I pound your pussy, my tongue sliding into your mouth, as we press our bodies together in ecstasy.

Ahhhhhhh baby I love this.

Linda continued, in moments, I feel as if I might cum, just from the strap-on's base digging into my overheated cunt, with the rod buried into your tight pussy, I feel your arms wrap around my chest, pulling me closer to you.

I'm so wet right now! i wish you were here to kiss, to lick.

Linda thought, me too, as she kicked her legs and grabbed at both her breasts, squeezing her firm nipples, and then resumed her frantic typing, as I fuck your sweet pussy with the strap-on, my own orgasm swells to the breaking point, your teeth teasingly, softly biting my lips as I continue kissing your sweet mouth.

Baby cum cum for meeee.

Nowhere near cumming, Linda kept typing out the fantasy on the screen, in moments, I cry out, your hands moving down to my tight buttocks, pulling me into you, forcing me to fuck you harder still, as I finally cum, the dildo firmly embedded inside your sweet cunt.

Ahhhhhh baby.

Feeling as if she should finally stop, Linda wrote, my nipples are on fire as my pussy clenches, the dildo slamming into you, your delicious tongue starting to push down my throat once more. Little sparks of electricity shoot out from my center as I feel my pussy explode around the strap-on, my first orgasm finally exploding. Soaking wet, I keep fucking your sweet pussy, disengaging from our kiss, moving into a kneeling position and pausing for a moment, the dildo fully encased in your tight pussy.

Ohhhh yeah baby fuck me like a man.

Linda, cheeks flushed, reached down to slid a hand beneath the waist band of her skirt, touching herself briefly, feeling how wet she was. Licking her finger with curiosity, she enjoyed the taste, as she had frequently licked her fingers after touching herself in front of her last boyfriend. She grew desperate with lust, telling herself she should stop and run to the bathroom in just a moment, after she wrote just a bit more. I stare into your eyes, my own lust unabated, as I look down, seeing your erect, pink nipples. Then I look further down, seeing your slick, pink clitoris and I shiver, wanting to fuck you everywhere. I remove the strap-on, your pussy gaping wide, slick with your cum, and push your thighs back, bending you almost double, to spread your nether opening wide for the strap-on cock. As I look down, your light brown sphincter is parted, a centimeter hole in the middle, soaking with our mutual orgasms, I position the thick, long black phallus at your entrance.

Unable to keep writing, Linda stopped hitting the keys and grabbed her firm, large breast with her left hand and slid her right hand down the waistband of her skirt. Spreading her thighs wide, she found her love button and slid her finger south, wetting the digit by inserting her index finger partway into her dripping pussy. She felt her office chair was slightly damp from excitement, and her panties were soaked as she started to work her clit, fixated on the erotic script she had just shared over the chat. Arching her back, she saw no further words appear as she squeezed her nipple harder, moaning softly as her finger started to move in a circular motion, rubbing her clit under her panties with increasing speed. Linda reached her left hand down and stopped for a moment, sliding her panties down past her knees, to her ankles, kicking them to the side. A small gasp escaped her lips as she lifted one leg onto her desk, her skirt rucking up past her knees, to her mid thigh. Determined to finish herself off quickly, Linda started to finger herself in earnest, her face flushed as her right hand worked her clit in a circular motion, day-dreaming about the woman she just made cum on the computer. She started to moan softly as her finger made squishing sounds, her pussy soaking the leather seat beneath her lush bottom.
