 "I didn't hurt your arm, did I?" Linda asked, slightly worried over her dominating behavior, yet feeling like she just wanted to mount the other woman right then and grind her ass into the woman's face.

Smiling slightly, Carrie shook her head, finally regaining her balance. "No," she said, reaching down to pull her pants up, "Sometimes, it's good to be dominated."

Face flushed, Linda's mind reeled at the possibilities, and watched her boss's petite, seductive ass as the older woman started to pull her pants up, bending over as she did. Linda stared at her tight, brown sphincter, licking her lips as a thought occurred to her. "Come home with me," Linda blurted, "Tonight."

Surprised, Carrie looked over her shoulder at the blonde, her massive breasts heaving, pale face flushed with desire. "I don't know," Carrie said, hesitating. "My husband will be waiting for me." Pulling up her pants, she fastened the button and looked torn, staring into Linda's face and then back down, licking her lips reflexively as she looked at Linda's perky, massive breasts, the nipples clearly outlined against her top.

"You will come home with me, tonight," Linda said, stepping closer to her boss, the height difference intimidating Carrie slightly, "Call your husband, tell him you'll be home late." Pausing, Linda's face flushed, she added, "Now." Her boss's brown eyes looked deep into her blue ones, and finally the older woman nodded, just once.

"Let me get my stuff, and I'll meet you back at your office," Carrie said, face flushed and turning to walk away. Staring after her, Linda felt elated, nervous and excited, hurrying to follow and rushing back to her office. The busty blonde grabbed her bag, packing quickly, and then as she turned off the lights and closed the door, saw Carrie standing next to her door, the Asian woman carrying her laptop bag over her shoulder and eyeing her busty frame with open lust. "I'm all ready."

Grinning slightly, Linda replied, "Of course you are," as she grabbed her boss's hand and clutched it tightly while she led her down the few flights of stairs to the parking lot level. Linda had begun to imagine a whole series of events, featuring her boss, several toys and potentially impossible scenarios based on the limitations of gravity and physics. Despite her own orgasm earlier, Linda was determined to act out the dirty fantasy she had shared on the computer with her boss. "Hop in," she told the Asian woman, beeping her car and getting into the driver seat.

As she headed out of the parking lot and towards her apartment, Linda remembered the adult store she'd passed, many times, on El Camino in Redwood City. "I just need to make a quick stop," Linda said, a few minutes after leaving the office. She had been quiet while she drove, fantasizing about what she was going to do to her boss when they arrived at her apartment. Meanwhile, the petite woman had been texting since she hopped into the car, her eyes glued to her phone.

"Okay," Carrie replied, "Make it quick though." Looking over, Carrie's face flushed as she stared at Linda, her long, delicate fingers gripping the steering wheel loosely as the blonde drove them towards her place. "I thought you couldn't wait to get me someplace more comfortable?" As she asked the rhetorical question, Carrie put away her phone and touched the younger woman's thigh, hesitantly, still nervous about attempting to explore another woman's body.

"I can't," Linda said, her face flushed as she parked, laying her own hand on top of the other woman's, "But I need the right equipment to fuck you silly, don't I?" Smiling, Linda opened her door and asked, "Want to join me?"

Shaking her head, Carrie said, "Hurry back," as Linda shut the door and disappeared into the adult shop. A few minutes later, the blonde returned, a large, plastic bag clutched in her hands, her blue eyes shining.

"Now we're ready," she said, starting the car and driving off. The rest of the drive, Carrie obsessed over what the younger woman had just bought, wondering what she needed to, as Linda had said, fuck her silly. The idea of being pleasured by her hot, blonde team member was incredibly sexy to her, and Carrie almost started to touch herself in the car, as she contemplated how skillfully the other woman had brought her to a swift, blistering climax. Despite her questions, Linda refused to tell her what was in the bag, and admonished her when she asked twice, "If you ask again, I'll punish you." Hearing those words, Carrie grew more excited, tempted to ask again, just to see what kind of punishment the other woman would deliver.

Finally, Linda pulled into a side street and then parked, next to a simple, two story apartment complex. "We're here," she said, grabbing her bags and stepping out of the car. Carrie followed, excited, nervously walking behind her and staring at the blonde's skirt clad buttocks, her mouth watering and thighs burning with excitement. She walked quickly, the blonde hurrying familiarly down a walkway and then keying open a door. Linda headed up to the second floor, as Carrie watched her curvy, skirt clad bottom swish, she felt her face grow flushed once more, recalling how sexy Linda had been when she saw her fingering herself in the office. "Come in," Linda said, after she keyed open a door halfway down the hall. Carrie followed her, and linda wasted no time in heading towards her bedroom, still carrying the plastic bag and her laptop. 

"Would you like a drink?" Linda called, as Carrie looked around the apartment. It was small, quant and obviously one bedroom, which gave her a bit of relief. She had been worried Linda might have a roommate, which scared her, as she definitely wanted Linda but did not want any company.

"Water," Carrie replied, nervous now that they were in Linda's apartment, despite her desire, Carrie found herself second guessing her acceptance of the offer, her lust cooling from earlier when she first spied Linda frantically fingering her gorgeous pink pussy to climax. Standing in the entryway, she set her bag down, idly looking around the room as Linda returned from the bedroom and headed to the kitchen. The blonde smirked at her, then opened a cupboard and grabbed a tall glass. Filling it from the tap, she took a long swallow, leaving it half full before bringing it to the slender Asian woman.

"Here you go," Linda said, handing her the glass she had already drank from, "I don't want you to get dehydrated," Linda smirked, her mouth twisted suggestively as she handed over the glass. Despite their earlier, crazy encounter, Carrie blushed as she took the glass, feeling a slight tingle as she grazed Linda's fingers. Draining the water, she looked around, wondering where to set the glass after quenching her thirst. The taller blonde plucked it from her fingers, sauntering back to the kitchen and pouring herself a smaller, second glass. Carrie watched as she drained it once more, setting the glass to the side. 

Feeling incredibly self conscious, Carrie shifted on her feet as Linda approached, a small, seductive smile on her full, cherry lips. Despite their crazy, quick encounter earlier, Carrie was hesitant to make a move and simply stared at Linda as she walked closer, fidgeting and staring at her nervously. Face flushed, Carrie felt Linda's hot breath on her cheek as the blonde grew close enough to touch, her large breasts almost pressed into her chest. 

"What do we do now?" Carrie asked finally, as Linda simply stared down at her, firm chest swelling, her nipples now outlined against the fabric of her blouse. Tilting her head back, Carrie slowly raised her arms, to grab the sexy blonde around the waist. Linda simply watched her for a moment, feeling the other woman wrap her arms around her, feeling herself grow hotter by the moment as the sexual tension mounted. Almost whispering, Carrie gripped the other woman around the waist and pulled her close, loving the feel of her curvy, sexy body, "I've never done anything like this," she said, thrilling at the feeling of Linda's breasts pressed into her chest. Her own smaller tits were perky, firmly pressed into Linda's chest, and Carrie felt herself grow very wet, the tight jeans uncomfortable.

"Really?" Linda asked, moderately surprised. Nodding, the Asian woman held her close, her hands staying put firmly on the small of her back. Reaching down, Linda grabbed her petite fingers, moving the older woman's hands firmly down, to rest of her curvy backside. "Start there," Linda said, enjoying the way the older woman's face grew flushed, her breath coming in smaller gasps. 

Carrie swallowed hard, staring into Linda's blue eyes, feeling her warm, firm buttocks beneath the woman's skirt. She could not believe she was standing there, or that Linda had already brought her to one mind bending orgasm at work. Wanting more, unsure how to ask, Carrie started to kneed Linda's buttocks softly through her skirt. As she did, Linda's eyes grew wider, her blue pupils dilating, indicating her mounting arousal. The blonde reached down and grabbed Carrie's jean clad bottom, pulling the slender woman's hips into hers, grinding her heated mound into the smaller Asian woman. A light gasp escaped Carrie's lips as Linda returned her embrace, and Linda enjoyed the sensation of her delicate fingers caressing her butt while she ground her hot center into the older woman's hips. 

However, Linda was growing impatient and wanted more. "Carrie," Linda finally murmured, as she started to grind harder against the petite woman, thinking about the sexy, crazy chat she had online. Letting go of the Asian woman, Linda pushed her back, forcing Carrie's arms to let go of her ass. "Strip." Dark eyes smoldering, Carrie started to remove her top first, then her jeans. Clad in her panties and bra, the older woman hesitated, staring at Linda as the younger woman licked her lips. "All the way," she commanded, her tone growing harder. Quickly, she finished undressing, until she stood naked, her brown nipples firm, the aureola small on her perky, b-cup breasts. Linda was surprised at how soft, smooth the older woman's skin was, despite their age difference, Carrie had the body of a twenty year old. "Now bend over," Linda demanded, her nipples growing more stiff as she watched the other woman turn around, leaning on her couch. "Spread your legs," she continued, stepping up to the smaller woman, and giving her ass a tiny slap. 

"Oh," Carrie gasped, surprised as she spread her legs, feeling a tingle up her spine as the buxom blonde gave her a tiny spanking. "More," she whimpered. She had never felt so sexy, so turned on in her lift with her husband before that day and in her mind, she told herself, I'd do anything to make Linda happy. Toned legs spread wider than her shoulders, Carrie bent over the couch further, resting her chest and head on the sofa so she could look behind her. As she looked, Linda gave her ass a second spanking, harder this time. "Oh, oh," Carrie moaned, louder this time, feeling incredibly dirty.

Face flushed, Linda stared at the petite Asian woman's tight, spread ass cheeks, admiring her brown sphincter and seeing her slit was damp. Grabbing her ass cheeks, she spread Carrie apart, then smacked her again, loving the whimpering, moaning sounds her slaps elicited. Kneeling down, Linda kept thinking about her dirty chat earlier, unable to believe that after giving voice to so many of her secret desires, she was kneeling, about to lick her boss's dripping, wet pussy for the first time. Inhaling deeply, Linda savored the musky smell of Carrie's desire. One more slap, and then she resumed kneading the other woman's buttocks, moving her face in between her spread globes to lick her out. For a moment, poised on the verge of pushing her mouth into Carrie's luscious behind, Linda hesitated. The smell of her boss's wet pussy, her glistening folds, were both tantalizing to her eyes, as she stared at the smaller woman's dark nether lips. 

"Are you going to lick me?" Carrie said, her voice soft, as she felt Linda's hot breath against her folds. The blonde woman was kneeling between her legs, her beautiful face between her tight buttocks, nearly pushed into her pussy. Wanting the other woman to continue, but afraid to give voice to her desires, Carrie wiggled her butt slightly, pressing her inner thigh to the side of Linda's head. The blonde's hair tickled her as she wiggled her rear end, causing her to giggle slightly. "Please?" A hint of pleading entered her high pitch voice, as Carrie did not want to simply squat down on Linda's upturned face, but she was also starting to feel increasingly anxious, her pussy throbbing with need.

Hearing her boss beg, Linda smiled slightly, turning her head and sucking, softly, at the older woman's tight inner thigh. Groaning, Carrie arched her back, moving her hands to her breasts as she felt the blonde woman start to bite and lick at her sensitive flesh. Moaning, Carrie panted, high pitch voice thick with lust, "Please, lick me," she begged, one hand stroking at her sensitive tips, her head in the clouds.

"I've never been with a woman before," Linda confided, in between biting and nibbling the Asian woman's sensitive, smooth skin. "Have you?"

"No," Carrie replied, surprised at the confession from the younger woman. "Ever since you started working for me, I've been curious," Carrie continued, squeezing her nipples harder as Linda's mouth moved upwards, closer to her heated center. "Your body, your face," Carrie whispered, "I'm never touchy feely with other team members, and for some reason, my fingers have always ached to touch you."

Poised at the brink, Linda slid her tongue upwards, finally slipping her wet organ across the Asian woman's dark outer labia, the flesh slick with her desire. "Yes," Carrie whispered, "Oh, more, please." Tasting her boss's wet, slick pussy lips, Linda marveled at the sensation, slightly sweet and bitter at the same time. Intrigued, she pushed her tongue upwards, parting the older woman's folds and opening her mouth wide as she did so. "Ohhh," Carrie moaned, unable to resist pushing her buttocks back, forcing Linda's extended tongue to slid as far into her overheated center as she could. With both hands, Linda gripped the Asian woman's ass, starting to move her tongue all around her pussy, loving the taste. Feeling as Carrie moaned her delight the woman's pussy start to juice, the blonde started to swallow her juices, gulping them down as the Asian woman started to moan louder, her voice even higher pitch. 

"Cum for me," Linda gasped, removing her tongue and spreading Carrie's ass cheeks wider still. The petite Asian woman gasped as the blonde spread her firm cheeks wide. For a moment, Linda briefly considered sticking her tongue into her tight, puckered asshole, just like the woman in the chat begged her to do. Pushing the thought aside, the blonde resumed her licking, pushing her mouth back into her bosses tight, slick opening, sliding her tongue all around her succulent pussy lips. 

"I'm going to cum," Carrie cried, squeezing both of her nipples, her eyes rolling back in her head as Linda resumed her frantic licking and sucking. Mound on fire, the smooth cheeks of Linda's face pressed against her inner thighs as the blonde found her clit, pink lips sucking hard. "Now," she gasped, releasing her nipples and putting her hands on the couch, as her knees buckled. Feeling Linda suck her clit into her mouth, the Asian woman's orgasm ripped through her body and rainbows exploded in her head. Carrie felt as though the universe had exploded in rippling, pulsating color as she came, feeling as though her climax was an infinite ripple of pleasure, her whole body pulsating in time with her twitching cunt. Swooning, she leaned heavily on the couch, almost unable to stand upright as her pussy squirted cum, over and over, into the Linda's face, soaking her chin. 

Surprised at the spray, Linda jerked her head back as Carrie's pussy convulsed, soaking her lips and chin, the fluids of her massive climax dripping down her shirt. Still gripping the older woman's buttocks, Linda moved one hand towards her center, using Carrie's cum to wet her nether opening. Intent on her anal passage, Linda slapped the Asian woman's ass, enjoying the whimpering sounds as her body shuddered. "Your ass is mine," Linda whispered, sliding a finger into her backdoor, the digit slick with Carrie's climax. Her finger penetrated the Asian woman's tight ass with little resistance, sliding half way in, and Linda grew heated, desperate to do more to the petite woman's forbidden entrance. 

"I have to lay down," Carrie whined, "I can't take it anymore." Reluctantly, Linda stood up, her knees a little sore from her oral ministrations, sliding her hand out of the Asian woman's backdoor reluctantly. Standing upright, Linda grabbed the smaller woman's hand and led her to the bedroom. Her nipples stiff, torn between her desire to explore Carrie's forbidden orifice and getting the other woman to taste her, Linda gently pushed her boss onto the bed. "That was amazing," Carrie whispered, her eyes slightly glazed over as she settled into the bed, her thighs slick and her brown nippled breasts pointing skyward. Licking her lips, she contemplated Linda's curvy body, the younger woman still fully clothed. "Can I see you," she begged, "Naked?" Linda smiled, her face flushed as she stripped off her top, her skirt and her bra as quickly as she could. 

"I have a surprise for you, Carrie," Linda said, as she climbed onto the bed. "But first," she moved to sit next to her bosses face, kneeling on the bed and looking down at the petite Asian woman. "You need to return the favor." Dark eyes wide, Carrie stared at the hot, naked blonde as she straddled her face, moving one toned, curvaceous hip astride her head and sitting so she could look down at her boss's eyes as she positioned herself. With her thighs astride her boss's face, Linda knelt over the petite, older woman and carefully placed her dripping pussy over Carrie's mouth. "Eat my pussy," the blonde commanded, her voice again taking on a strident tone. "Suck me dry."

After twice cumming as a result of Linda's novice, yet expert ministrations, Carrie was anxious to return the favor and make Linda scream in return. Her eyes were wide as she opened her mouth, Linda's pink labia slick from her desire, positioned only a centimeter from her lips. Extending her tongue, Carrie started to lick the younger woman's clit, using her hands to grab the other woman's ass as Linda started to move her hips in a sinuous motion. "Yes, that's it," Linda cried, feeling Carrie's lips begin sucking on her most sensitive spot, "Suck my clit." The dirty talk only heightened the Asian woman's excitement, as she started to take Linda's clit and outer lips into her mouth, using her lips and tongue to stimulate the blonde bombshell. 

Overheated, Linda could not last long, despite the amateurish tongue swabbing by Carrie, her pussy was on fire from the incredibly hot, kinky stimulation that day. In moments, the blonde was bucking her hips, frantically grinding her pussy against the older woman's face, lost in ecstasy as she screamed, "Eat my pussy, Carrie." Arching her back, Linda lost herself in the delicious feeling of Carrie's lips and tongue, sucking, licking and eating her out. She reached down, grabbing Carrie's long, black hair, forcing the older woman to keep her mouth positioned hard against her throbbing nether lips. "That's it," the blonde cried, starting to buck her hips frantically, working back and forth, "I'm gonna cum." Grabbing Carrie's hair, pulling the Asian woman's head hard against her pussy, Linda cried out, starting to shake in orgasmic bliss as the older woman bit down on her clit. The painful yet pleasurable stimulation finally drove her over the edge, and she felt an orgasm burst forth, her hips, thighs and stomach rippling as she felt the mind blowing pleasure ripple through her curvaceous body. "Yes!" 
