 What follows is based on a true story of love between two women. Tiffany, a dear and sensuous friend of mine in her mid 20s, agreed to answer a series of questions I put to her regarding the details of her recent love affair with an attractive married woman. This is the essence of what she told me. The names have been altered and some of the details filled in so as to give extra satisfaction to the reader. Tiffany is an unassuming woman and it took some encouragement from me for her to realise how much erotic pleasure her experiences would yield. If you enjoyed this account do please write to let us know so I might encourage Tiffany to relate some more about herself and her lesbian desires. 

*

Q. Tiffany, can you remember when you first realised you were turned on sexually by other women?

A. Sorry I cannot give a specific age - it sorta just sprung up on me - but I would say it was around 19. I remember looking at girls my age and older and saying to myself 'They're cute' or 'I wonder what they are like in bed'. Although I was interested in guys and had a lot of male crushes at that time, still my mind always wandered to women. At night I used to lie in bed running my hands over my growing breasts and stroking and fingering my pussy thinking about some sexy woman I'd seen and wondering if she'd be open to lesbian sex. As the years went by my love, attraction and admiration for women grew. I started to look at women more and actually think about what it would be like to have a girlfriend, romantically as well as physically. You know, a woman to love and share things with, like going for a meal, or to a nightclub, or just shopping or watching films together. Although guys always stayed in my mind, there is and always has been an empty part of me that will not be satisfied unless I have a female lover in my life.

Q. I know you consider yourself bisexual. But on balance do you tend more towards women or men - are you more lesbian or more hetro?

A. Truthfully, to answer your question, I have my days in which I tend to favour men and others when I tend to favour women. But my thoughts are more focused on women. I don't think of myself as a lesbian, but I would really want to explore that side of me more considering I am a little more inexperienced with women than with men.

Q. Is there a special woman in your life at the moment?

A. Yes, there is - a married woman with a couple of kids. She and I have been lovers for a few months now.

Q. Would you tell me how you met?

A. I first met her at the grocery store. The lines were long and the store was packed - but for some reason she stood out more than others. I couldn't help but stare at her, she was so beautiful. And I couldn't stop myself blushing when her eyes finally locked with mine. She has gorgeous dark eyes and a smile that would make you melt! I love women with dark hair and exotic, sultry features. I was so nervous when we stood next to each other in line. Thankfully she was the one who talked to me first, telling me her name was Tori (I was about to die!...because I was nervous and afraid.) But after awhile we started to talk and I felt more at ease. 

We went outside to chat more while we were waiting for our rides. She has such a great personality and is really down to earth. She also has a very calm demeanour that makes you feel all warm and safe inside. As I got to know her more what especially attracted me to her was her intelligence - she's a very smart woman and knows how to handle herself, and well, yes, me as well. She is very independent and has a strong will. I really appreciate these character traits in a woman. Strong, confident, women turn me on big time. 

I felt right then I was falling for this woman. My head was light and my pussy was tingling and oozing juice! I was secretly hoping that she would take me home with her and that we could make love while her husband was at work. Well, that didn't happen - not then at least. But we did exchange numbers and that evening she rang me on the phone. My heart was pounding when I heard her sensual voice again. We spoke a long time and increasingly flirted with each other. She suggested that we meet up again for coffee, which we did on two or three occasions.

Q. Can you describe those meetings?

A. God, they were incredible. There was this amazing erotic tension. I wanted her to notice me, to want me. So I wore my tightest jeans and a very hugging black top that showed off my large 48 inch breasts. Previously, in the supermarket, I'd been wearing only a loose sweet-shirt. I wanted this woman to see my curvy body and sexy cleavage. We sat in a secluded corner of the café, which was quiet - which helped. We were sitting close together and, well, my arousal rose like never before with every minute she was close to me. She fixed her attention on me completely, leaning across to look deeply into my eyes, only shifting her gaze from time to time to my breasts. I was finding it hard to concentrate, to keep calm. Her perfume scented the air and her soft voice made me go weak at the knees. I loved the feeling of being with such a confident, intelligent, strong and sexy woman. It's what Id always fantasised about. 

I think Tori sensed my arousal, my deepening infatuation with her, because she kept smiling and fingering her hair and then, very discretely, she gently lowered her hand onto mine and ran her fingertips up my arm. I kept as still as I could, trying not to react. I didn't want to show my nerves or frighten her off in any way. And then, still slowly and smoothly, she slipped her hand under the table and placed it on my thigh. She held it there, squeezing gently, before stroking back and forth. Her gaze locked onto mine and she smiled and said in her low soft voice. 

'I hope this isn't making you feel uncomfortable, Tiffany. I don't want to presume too much. I mean, some women wouldn't want another woman to touch them, to softly squeeze their thigh. But then, your not one of those women are you Tiffany? I didn't think you'd object to being touched by a woman. And I was right, wasn't I? In fact, I think you rather want this don't you my dear?' 

She squeezed more tightly now, her hand moving closer to the crutch of my jeans where my cunt was oozing juice.

'Yes, Tori, yes, I do want you to touch me. I've been wanting this badly...' 

I placed my own hand on hers and stroked her soft skin. She smiled. 

'Ummm, I can always tell when a woman is open to the possibilities of female love. Tell me, Tiffany, have you ever made love to a woman before?' 

'Yes, I have. To a work colleague who I discovered was a lesbian. She seduced me one evening.' 

'And how was it, my dear?' 

'It was incredible. She was a beautiful lover. She smelt and tasted so good - I loved every moment.' 

'Good. Good. And would you like to repeat the experience - this time with a married woman, a woman who thinks that you are wonderfully beautiful and deeply desirable...' 

Her hand was pressing now on the crutch of my jeans. My pussy was yearning for her touch, for her tongue. 'Oh yes, Tori, I would, I would love that very much.' 

But, I added, wouldn't her husband mind me visiting? Oh no, she said - he's very keen to meet you. And then she added:

'Don't worry, my sweet. My husband never interferes between me and my lady friends. You will have my undivided attention.' 

Q. Tell me how you prepared to visit her home. Were you excited?

A. The first time I went to her home I was nervous yet excited. I tried to keep my excitement at a reasonable level but that did not work. In the couple of days leading up to the visit I couldn't think of anything else! I was perpetually horny. It was like I was on heat. I lay in bed in the mornings just stroking my cunt and running my hands over my breasts, teasing my nipples, imaging I was with this woman. No one, male or female, had had that effect on me before. I lost count of the number of orgasms I gave myself. I couldn't wait to be with her. 

After lunch on the day we were to meet up I took a long bath and washed my long black hair. I shaved my cunt nice and smooth. I'm usually shaven anyway, but I wanted to be completely bald for my lover, so I could open my cunt lips fully to her gaze and touch. After moisturising and scenting my body I selected a simple tight-fitting babydoll T-shirt and short jeans that hugged my full rounded arse. I left for her house - my heart pounding loudly! . 

Q. What happened when you got to Tori's house?

A. When I first arrived she greeted me at the door then gave me a hug and we then walked to the kitchen. She was smiling and relaxed, wearing a black top and short black skirt that set off her tanned legs and auburn hair beautifully. She wanted to put me at my ease, exchanging pleasantries and fixing us drinks. After a little while she suggested we go through to the den to relax. As we got to the den I was floored and stopped in my tracks because there on the television was a film of two gorgeous lesbians going at it. Their love making seemed to fill the room, with their sighs and moans and words of pleasure.

We sat together side by side on the sofa. My eyes were locked on the screen. The women were so sexy and they were making love with such passionate intensity. As I watched I felt Julia slip her left arm around my shoulder, gently pressing me to her. I felt so warm and secure in her arms and leaned into her. Her right hand was placed on my exposed bare thigh. She whispered in my ear. 

'It's hot isn't it? I thought you might like it. They're beautiful aren't they? It's my favourite video - it always gets me horny, it always gets me ready for some lesbian love making. I hope it has the same affect on you Tiffany...does it?' 

I turned my head towards Tori and smiled. My throat was tight and I found it hard to speak audibly. 

'Of course it turns me on. But just thinking of you has made me horny all week. Please Tori, kiss me....' 

With a still and calm expression Tori moved her lips slowly - I thought they'd never reach me! - towards mine. At last her soft lips touched mine - only faintly at first, brushing my own pouting lips. She raised her right hand to my cheek, gently stroking it and then sliding her fingers through my hair. 

'Oh my beautiful, dear young creature. This is going to be delicious....' 

She leaned forward more purposefully now planted a firm kiss on my lips. She was hungry, and her lips moved over and around my own. I was hungry too and showed her this by pushing my tongue forward to her lips. She opened her mouth and our tongues met. God this woman knew how to kiss another woman! Her right hand was smoothing its way over my body now, caressing my thigh, moving up to my hips and waist. I lowered my hand, took hers, and lifted it onto my swollen, aching left breast. She squeezed it through the fabric of my top and bra. I was breathing heavily and Tori was moaning quietly under her breath. 

Only after some minutes of passionate kissing did she draw back, run her hands through her hair, and then step off the sofa. She offered her hand and I clasped it as she drew me to my feet. She walked me to the centre of the room before the television and stood me in front of it. She then slid behind me, pressing her body against my back, using both her hands to roam over my full figure. 

'Watch the pictures, my darling. Feast your eyes on those lesbian beauties. Aren't they every woman's dream?' 

They were amazing. There was a nicely toned woman of about 35, with light brown hair and pert breasts, making love to a younger dark haired Latina woman. I couldn't take my eyes off the Latina. She had long luxuriant black hair and deep dark eyes framed by long eyelashes. Her young body was very curvy, and her breasts were full, big, and heavy, with huge dark nipples. She was squatting over the prone position of the older woman, her pussy full on the woman's face. She squirmed as she was eaten out, all the time massaging and sucking in her own big breasts.

The film itself was enough to make my pussy drenched with cream. But at the same time I had my own darling lesbian lover caressing me with her hands and kissing and licking the back of my neck.

'Don't you love the dark woman with the gorgeous breasts. I love big breasted women - and you, Tiffany, have the most wonderful breasts. I couldn't take my eyes off them in the café. I couldn't stop thinking about them. Oh, they feel so good, so full....' 

She was exploring my breasts with both her hands. I leaned back and sighed loudly. To help her I lowered my hands and pulled up my top over my breasts and over my head, to expose my bra and the flesh of my cleavage. Tori was kissing and nibbling at my neck and shoulder, her hands now sliding over the upper part of my breasts and the soft flesh of my stomach. Her grip was firm and she was pulling me to her tight. I liked her taking control - it felt so right. Locked together she began to sway her body in a dance like motion, grinding her navel against my arse, which I pushed back to respond to her movements. 

'God Tiffany, you have such a sexy body. I'm going to want to fuck you for hours, I'm going to want to bring you into my marital bed, I'm going to kiss and lick every inch of your kinky body, I'm going to eat out your hot pussy and suckle on your breasts while my husband watches, I'm going to give you all the lesbian love you ever wanted my dear sexy delicious girl....'

Q. What happened next?

A. After running her soft hands all over my body as we stood in front of the TV she turned me towards her and we kissed. We then slid to the floor with her on top of me, between my open legs. I was clawing at her back, pulling her against my large bust and rounded tummy. Her lips and tongue were all over my face and neck and I was squirming with the passion she was stirring in me. She was making love to me with her mouth, like she wanted to savour every inch of me. No man had ever remotely turned me on with his kisses like this woman was doing. I was groaning loudly, encouraging my lover, telling her that I was all hers, that I would do anything she wanted, that I wanted her to initiate me into the depths of lesbian love making. 

Only after we'd kissed for what seemed like ages did she ease back onto her knees and begin to unbutton her blouse, smiling at me as she did so. Easing the blouse from her shoulders she then unhooked her white bra to reveal to me her sweet, succulent breasts. Her skin was pale but her nipples were large and deep pink. Tenderly she squeezed each nipple to its full length before beckoning me towards her. Of course I wanted to feel my lover's breasts and rose to my knees to face her. Tentatively I lifted my hands towards Tori's waiting breasts, but as I did so she caught my hands in hers and lifted my fingers to her mouth to suck each in turn. 

'Mmmm Tiffany, won't you free your breasts for me too, my darling. I want to feel your soft flesh against mine....'

I reached back to unclasp my bra, arching my back and pushing my chest forward as I did so. I kept the fabric in place with my arms, inviting Tori to expose my naked breasts. She was breathing hard: she has a breast fetish and is obsessed with my cleavage! Gently she reached out, took the top of my black lace bra, and peeled it down over my full 48 inch c-cup breasts. She moaned deeply as my tits swung free and my large dark nipples were revealed. Oh my god, oh my god she kept repeating, you are so beautiful Tiffany, your young breasts are so sexy, you're making me so horny...

She stretched out her hands to cup each of my breasts, my ample flesh spilling over her small, slender, hands. Her pale skin looked so beautiful set against my own darker complexion. God, my breasts were aching for her attention! Unable to wait I placed my own hand behind her neck and pulled her mouth down towards my left nipple. 

'Come to me my darling Tori, let me suckle you my love.' 

Her experienced mouth opened to receive my nipple and it was my turn to moan as her lips and tongue sent a surge of tingling pleasure through my breasts. I held her close, stroking her long hair with my fingers, sighing with contentment.

'Mmmm, my darling, yes...oh yes, yes...Feed at my big breasts my dear...They're yearning for you're your kiss, your tongue...They're yours, whenever you want them, just don't stop honey, please....'

Luckily Tori had no intention of stopping. Back and forth she went from one breast to another, teasing, sucking, licking, nibbling, massaging, making love to me with an intensity and passion I'd never before experienced - even dreamed of. My breasts were full of desire and I could feel a long, deep, orgasm stirring in my cunt. But then, bad luck, the phone began to ring!

Tori didn't want to answer it and I didn't really want her to either. But I convinced her she should... it could have been important like her kid or something so she slipped from my grasp and walked up to the receiver. From her response it was immediately obvious that it was her husband on the line.

'Humm darling, yes, I'm fine, very fine. I've got company, honey...yeah, its Tiffany - the attractive girl I met at the grocery store the other day, remember? Oh yeah, we're getting on beautifully. She's so sweet - and very hot....'

As Tori spoke she beckoned me towards her with her finger. As I approached I stopped just short of her and slowly peeled my jeans over my hips and arse, easing them down my thighs and stepping free. I then removed my panties as well so I was naked for the first time before my lover.

Q. How did you feel at this point?

A. Well, I know I carry some excess weight. But I knew too that Tori loved large breasted women, women with full, curvaceous, figures. So I felt good and sexy as I revealed to her my young ripe body. I allowed my hips to roll seductively as I approached her, my heavy breasts swaying before me. Still clutching the receiver with her left hand, she slipped her right arm around me and pulled me to her. I slipped my own arms around her and hugged her tight, placing kisses on the nape of her neck and up to her jaw, chin and cheek. Tori was breathing hard now and her husband was getting turned on by the sounds of her arousal.

'Ohhh Michael, my darling Tiffany's naked in my arms. Ohh she is sooo sexy, baby, god you'd want to fuck her, I know you would. She's just the woman you like, with a juicy arse and ripe, succulent, tits. But she's here for me darling, she's kissing your wife, running her hands over my body, making me crazy with desire.....Is this turning you on, baby, are you getting all hard for me? Go on, stroke your cock, make it big and hard....i want you to cum while you sit at your desk....You know how much you like to think of your wife making lesbian love. Oh I am darling, I am going to make long, hot, passionate lesbian love to Tiffany - and she wants it, darling, she wants it badly, don't you my dear?'

Yes, I did want it badly and I pushed my body up against Tori's back, my soft tummy gyrating against her arse. My hands gently caressed and squeezed her breasts before sliding down to unfasten the front of her skirt which I then slid over her hips. I then eased my hands beneath the elastic of her panties so I could feel the cheeks of her arse. Tori sighed deeply - her sighs turning to groans as I placed my right index finger up against her tight anus. As Tori arched her back to push her arse to meet my finger I leaned forward to place my mouth close to the receiver. 

'Hi Michael, it's Tiffany here.'

My voice was barely audible at first. I was shy at the idea of speaking to another woman's husband and my voice was tight with desire. But I knew that this was what Tori wanted - that she wanted her husband to share in her desire. 

'I hope your cock's real hard, Michael, I hope you're wanking it real good. I hope it turns you on to think of me with your wife. She's so gorgeous, she's such a good lover. Oh Michael, I love Tori, I need her, I'll do anything for her - and she can do anything to me, my voluptuous body and 48 inch tits are at her disposal. I hope you don't mind, Michael, tell me you don't...'
