 I had never had any lesbian relationships before that night. Not anything that could even been considered that sort of experience. Well, maybe when I was very young and another girl my age compared chests to see if our tits were growing yet. They weren't but she rubbed my chest and I rubbed hers in the hope that might get things started. About all I remember was the funny feeling it gave me when she did it. 

I had been out with Marty and we got a little drunk. Nothing serious but we both had the giggles when we left the club and went back to her apartment. I hadn't seen Marty in a couple years and had finally accepted her invitation for a visit. We'd been the best of friends when she left to take a new job. It seemed that we talked non-stop for hours and in the process I had too much to drink. When we finally got to her apartment we were still giggling like a couple school girls. 

"Let's get out of these clothes and into something more comfortable," she suggested. 

My jeans were new and tight and my feet hurt so it sounded like a good idea. At her suggestion I got a robe and followed her to her bedroom. I'm a little modest but still didn't hide my eyes when Marty started taking her clothes off. She had a stunning figure like I wish I had. I remember watching as she stepped out of her jeans and pulled the sweater over her head. Tanned all over and her tits were really straining against her push-up bra. I just sat on her bed looking at her a minute before I realized I could see her slit through her ultra thin panties and wondered if she shaved all her pubic hair. 

"God but you're pretty," I said, still looking at her. 

"Come on, get out of those clothes and get comfortable," she prodded with a laugh as she unhooked her bra. 

It wasn't that I was sexually attracted to Marty but more that I admired a woman with a figure like that. While I slowly started to undress I couldn't help but gaze at her tits. They stuck straight out from her chest without even a hint of a sag. I had my jeans off when she hooked her panties and slid them over her butt and stepped out. I was right. She did shave and her mound was completely bare. When I caught myself looking at her puffy labia it made me blush. 

"Do you shave your puss?" she ask when she saw me looking. 

"No. I've never done it." 

"You should try it. Feels a lot better and you can wear anything." 

"Maybe sometime," I said, getting a little embarrassed. 

I wasn't ashamed of my body but as I slipped on my robe I couldn't help but know Marty was a real knock-out and much sexier looking that I was. 

Before long we were sitting on her bed laughing and telling stories while we drank a bottle of wine. We talked about our love lives. Mine wasn't too exciting compared to hers. We talked about what our big turn-ons were and what had excited us the most. It seemed that the whole conversation was about sex. I'm sure not a prude and recently had a torrid relationship with a man until I found out he was screwing a couple of other women. Since then I hadn't had much activity along those lines. 

We were well into the second bottle of Merlot when Marty jumped up. "I've got a great idea!" she exclaimed and left the room. 

I just sat there, a little wobbly, wondering where she went. A few minutes she returned carrying a basin of hot water. There was a wicked little grin on her face as she set the basin next to the bed and disappeared into the bathroom. A moment later she returned with some towels and other things. 

"I'm going to shave your puss!" 

"Oh, Marty, I don't know," I responded with great hesitation. 

"Come on. It'll be fun!" 

I gulped down the rest of my wine and tried to think rationally, but before I knew it Marty had everything spread out and was opening my robe. I'm not sure if I was really drunk or the excitement of doing something like this got to me but I didn't resist. My brain was reeling and I know my speech had become slurred. I sat numbly while she untied my robe and opened it fully exposing me completely. 

"You look great," she said as her eyes roamed over my body, "but this won't do at all. Take the robe off." 

Like a little robot, I shucked the robe and sat naked on her bed. With a little urging I lay back with my knees up and feet on the edge of the bed. I felt Marty's hands under my butt, raising me to put some towels under. That was the first time any woman had ever touched me. It was like a dream or maybe a nightmare. I was laying there naked and letting another woman touch me and the fact that she was, or had been, my best friend didn't matter. Still, for some reason I didn't resist. 

Marty pulled my knees up farther. "Now spread those pretty legs for me. You're gonna love this," she cooed as I felt her hands between my knees and spreading my legs. 

I knew Marty could see everything and I closed my eyes tight. I really didn't want to do this but maybe because of the wine or the thrill of doing something naughty I didn't fight it. Slowly, she spread my legs wide apart. "Here comes the shaving cream," I heard her say. Her voice seemed far away as I suddenly felt her hand between my legs, spreading something cold on me. I jumped and tried to close my legs for an instant but let them open again. I could feel her hand on my belly, spreading the cream, massaging me. Then the sound of more cream coming out of the can. Another touch, this time between my legs and cupping my labia. I know I groaned and squirmed as she rubbed it in. More cream and more rubbing. I could feel myself getting warm and even though this was the last thing I wanted to do, I wasn't resisting. In fact, as I kept my eyes closed and try to imagine it was someone else, I found some perverse pleasure in what she was doing. I could also feel heat building in my breasts and a wave of shame swept over me. 

"Your nipples are getting hard," Marty whispered. "Does this feel good?" 

I groaned something but probably nothing coherent. The massaging continued. "My God," I thought. "What am I doing? I'm laying here letting another woman stroke my pussy and shave me! What if she puts a finger inside me?" A shiver went through my body. 

"There. That should do it," she said matter of factly. "You really have to get the shaving cream rubbed in." She giggled, "Softens the fur." 

I opened my eyes and looked down. My whole crotch was covered in a thick lather. Then I realized I was breathing hard. A quick look at my boobs...Marty was right, my nipples were jutting out, stiff and hard as a rock. 

Marty giggled again as she squirted some more cream on her hand. "A little artistic touch," she smirked as she put a dollop of cream on each of my nipples. The touch of her finger sent another shiver through me and I felt my tits getting hot. 

Marty held the razor up and told me to lay perfectly still. I felt her touch me again, then the sound of the razor as she deftly started shaving me. Her fingers worked over my most sensitive parts as she pulled the skin tight so the razor wouldn't nick me. I know I shuddered when I felt her working around my lips. "Hold very still," she whispered. Her fingers went inside me, just a little, as the razor worked around between my slit and my legs. 

Nothing in my life had felt like this. It started as a girlish stunt but her movements had taken on a erotic character and, try as hard as I could to avoid it, I was slowly responding. I hated that too, but I could feel myself getting aroused. My breathing was becoming ragged and I moaned softly as she fondled me under the pretense of shaving all my hair off. Her fingers would lightly brush my clit, then briefly slip just inside me making me moan and sending a shock wave through my body. If I moved I thought she might cut me and I struggled to hold as still as I could. I knew I was getting wet and I couldn't help it. My hands pressed flat on my belly then slipped slowly up over my breasts, smearing the shaving cream on my nipples. God, but my tits felt hot and my nipples were sticking up like little fingers. Without realizing what I was doing I began rubbing my tits while I made little mewling sounds. Then it was over. Marty stood back to view her handy work. 

"Clean and smooth as the day you were born. Here, feel for yourself." 

She took my hand and pulled it down to my crotch. Yes, smooth. There was a tingling sensation when I touched myself. My lips were puffy and felt swollen. I was ashamed to admit it to myself but I knew it was from the way Marty had worked on me. I lay there panting, not knowing what to do. 

"You sure look cute," she said with a smile. "A clean snatch is very sexy don't you think?" I guess I never really thought of it. "I'll get a cloth and clean you up," she continued. 

Marty switched off the lights leaving only a small night light that dimly lit the room. Gathering up the basin, towels and razor, she was but a shadowy figure as she quietly went into the bathroom. I lay there on my back with my eyes closed trying to regain some measure of control and didn't see her return. The next thing I knew she was sitting on the bed next to me. 

I felt a warm wet cloth on my chest as she began wiping the cream off my breasts. "You sure smeared my art work," she whispered. "You have really nice tits too." I felt myself blushing. Now she was stroking my tits with her bare hand, lightly touching the nipples. 

"What are you doing to me?" I mumbled. 

"Just getting you cleaned off." She rolled a nipple between her fingers and I could feel it getting hard. "Does that feel good?" My chest heaved and I murmured something. Jesus, but I hated my body responding to what she was doing. 

Her fingers traced down my belly and stopped just above my mound. "Spread you legs so I can wipe you off." I did. "That's better. We don't want it to dry on you." I held my breath knowing she would touch me again. 

The warm cloth felt good as she wiped the remaining cream from between my legs but it made my breath start coming in little gasps when she spread my lips with her fingers to wipe inside my slit. 

"I'm going to put some oil on you now so you won't itch." 

I couldn't really see anything and Marty was like a soft shadow that moved about the room. "This will feel really good," she said. An instant later I felt her gently massaging something oily on my tits. Her palms just brushed my nipples at first but then she applied more pressure and started rolling them between her fingers. The heat I had felt returned immediately and I knew my nipples were getting hard. I moaned softly as she continued to roll my nipples and pull at them. I don't know how long she did it but my tits were really getting hot from something in the oil and the only thing that made them feel good was her rubbing them. 

A whiff of the scented oil reached my nostrils. "What is it?" I managed to say. "It feels so hot." 

"Kama Sutra oil. It has some cinnamon and clove. That why it feels hot to you. Nice isn't it?" 

It did feel nice but I couldn't let myself say so. What was happening terrified me and I couldn't stop it. Marty's fingers worked their way down my belly then she spread the oil over my cleanly shaved mound. I felt her hands between my knees, spreading my legs and I started whimpering. It felt like a shock when she tenderly spread the oil into my slit, letting it run into the opening of my pussy. The heat from the oil spread quickly up through me. I knew she would do it but I still wasn't prepared when her fingers slipped inside me, turning back and forth and pulling in and out, while more oil went up inside. My pussy felt like it was burning and my moaning and whimpering grew louder and my head was lolling back from side to side. 

I hated what she was doing to me and making me do. The thought of having another woman fondle my most intimate parts was almost repulsive but I couldn't stop my body from reacting nor could I deny my growing excitement. My pelvis was pushing up against her hand to increase the pressure on my burning pussy. 

"Marty," I gasp, "I'm burning up." 

"This will help," she whispered as she moved next to me. 

Her tongue flicked the nipple of my left breast then the right one. My ex-boy friend had kissed and licked my tits but this was different. I could feel my nipples getting even harder, to the point they began to hurt, and knew they were jutting out from my tits. My chest heaved up and I cried loudly as she cupped my left tit in her hand, took my nipple into her mouth and suckled me. Then she did the same to my right tit and I thought I'd die. All the while she was still finger fucking my burning snatch. 

Between the wine and what she was doing, my brain was spinning and I felt like I was drifting in a fog, unable to control my body. Marty could move my limbs as she chose and I seemed helpless to stop it. 

About when I knew an orgasm was approaching, she removed her hand from my pussy and rolled me on my side facing her. My top leg was pulled over her and my knees bent. I felt her fingers probing me from behind, again slipping into my dripping pussy and I started whimpering again. Then her finger pressed on my ass and I jumped. Nobody had ever done that. 

"Relax," I heard her say, "It will feel good." Her finger was covered with the oil and pushed through my pulsing hole and into my rectum. I thought it would hurt but it really didn't. For a couple of minutes Marty ran her finger in and out of my ass while I lay there moaning and whimpering. The Kama Sutra oil was making my ass feel hot and I was squirming around. At last she took her finger out of my ass but she was still holding me on my side. My mind was reeling as I lay there half in shock at what she was doing to me and barely able to grasp the realization that I was somehow letting her do it. 

Suddenly I felt something hard pressing on my ass hole. My anus puckered again as it tried to resist another intrusion. Then whatever it was penetrated me. It was hard and I felt it sliding inside. Involuntarily I gasp and tried moving my hips away from her but she held me tightly. 

"What are you doing to me?" I groaned. 

"I'm going to give you an enema," she said softly. 

I was horrified. "Noooo don't," I pleaded. "I don't want that." 

Then I felt it go in farther and I started to cry. Marty pushed it in deeper and I could feel in way up inside me. I knew what an enema was but had never been given one before, not even as a little girl. 

"Please don't do it to me, Marty," I sobbed. "I've never had..." 

She cut me off. "You've never been given an enema?" 

"Noooo," I wailed through my tears. 

"You'll love it. Make you feel nice and warm inside. We'll go very slowly for you the first time." 

I heard a click. Suddenly I felt something warm going deep inside me. Actually, I think I could hear it going in. I tried pulling away but she held me tight. My lower back and inside my ass started feeling warm and I could feel the water going in. I struggled again, more out of fear than anything, but Marty wouldn't let me go. I could feel the warm water hitting the sides of my rectum and then working its way deeper inside me. I felt an odd mix of panic, fear and utter humiliation as the warmth spread up into my lower belly. Marty began turning the long pipe back and forth, then pulling it almost all the way out of me before pushing it back in. I twisted my hips every time it went in and I could feel it clear up inside me. 

"Don't fight it," she said. "Just let it go in." 

I'd never felt anything remotely like it as my first enema flowed slowly into my bowels. A few minutes later I stopped struggling and just lay in her arms softly crying, tears streaming down my cheeks, while the warm water continued filling me. 

I have no idea how much went in before Marty rolled me onto my back while holding the nozzle firmly in place. She kissed each of my throbbing breasts then gently rubbed my belly before pulling my legs apart. I felt her finger moving up and down my oily slit then stroking my clitoris. A wailing moan escaped my lips as once again her fingers dipped into my vagina making my hips arch upward and I spread my legs wide apart. 

The enema continued as still more warm water worked its way slowly into my intestines. I was starting to feel full and a sudden cramp shot through my stomach. Marty softly kissed my belly. "This will make it feel better," she whispered. 

Like a streak of fire, her tongue traced a line down my belly before slipping into my crack. "OOOOHHHHHH, GOD. MARTY, DON'T", I screeched. "Noooo. Please, noooooo." 

I gasped, then screamed, as she sucked my clit into her mouth, pulling it with her lips then flicking it with her tongue before sucking it again. Then her mouth covered me. I felt her sucking the inner folds into her mouth and her tongue darting in and out of my vagina. The Kama Sutra oil had so sensitized my body that it was like sending electric shocks through me as I lay there twisting and thrashing on the bed. Every breath ended in either a scream or a long wailing cry. 

The pressure from the enema was quickly building and I began to struggle but Marty's torment was unrelenting. I knew I was nearing an orgasm and she knew it too. "Let yourself go," she murmured. "Just let it happen." It felt like she was sucking my insides out when my climax came crashing down. I jerked momentarily before every muscle in my body contracted. Desperately, I clutched at her head pulling her hard against my throbbing pussy. I felt I was suffocating and tried to scream but couldn't. 

Vaguely, I heard a click as Marty clamped the enema hose and pulled the nozzle out of my ass. The pressure in my bowels welled up again as I came down from the most shattering orgasm of my life. For a minute or two I lay there, legs splayed wide, gasping for breath and trying to deal with the need to expel the enema. I couldn't hold it anymore and with Marty's help got up and ran to the toilet. Just as I sat a painful cramp gripped me and suddenly the enema I carried began gushing out. 

When I was finally empty and had cleaned myself I returned to the bedroom, totally exhausted, and literally fell on the bed. Marty cradled me in her arms and kissed me. Her body felt so warm and soft next to mine. In spite of knowing I had let another woman make love to me, I felt good. 

She held me close to her for the longest time. I could feel her breasts pressing on my back, so very warm and her nipples hard like little fingers. Her hand was around my body and cupping my left tit. 

"Tomorrow it's my turn," she whispered. 

I pushed my butt against her belly and held her hand tightly on my tit as I nodded my head just before falling asleep.