 My mind buzzed like a bee in bottle. This was all so new to me; I was petrified. Maybe in the back of the deepest reaches of my mind I had thought about being with someone of my own sex, but until this moment I had no idea I would ever do so. 

Linda brought her hands to the top of my hips, then eased her thumbs into the elastic top of my pantyhose. For the moment we were frozen in time, just the two of us sharing a wonderfully new beginning. Her eyes melted into mine as she pulled the pantyhose down, slowly exposing my French-cut, white, satin panties. She left the pantyhose bunched around my thigh. I watched her eyes move slowly down my body until they came to my panties. Her right hand brushed lightly across the front the panties, just above the pubic bone. My body spasmed at the touch. Goosebumps formed on my arm.

"Very sexy," she whispered, her eyes fixed on my pubic bulge. 

My heart was racing like a car in the Indianapolis 500. She pulled the front of my panties down, stopping just above my curls. "I think I am going to like this," she said. 

"Not as much as I am," I countered. 

In my heart of hearts, I knew I had waited my whole life for this very moment. It was here at last. A woman. A beautifully stunning woman. About to reveal my secret desires. I closed my eyes as Linda exposed my thick forest of dark-brown curls to her wide-open eyes. 

Her sharp intake of breath spoke volumes without a word. I could feel her eyes on the hairy triangle in front of her. It was exhilarating to know I was turning her on. She stared for an eternity, and then said in a voice thick with lust and honey, "Beautiful... Just beautiful. I love the hairs, but we may shave you some day. You would like so nice baby-smooth.

Somehow I knew I was hers from that moment on. There was nothing I would not do for her, no sexual act too perverse, no feeling of remorse that I had slid into the abyss of a strange but wonderful new world. When she leaned forward and planted a soft kiss into the fur, I put my hand on the back of her head and drew her even closer. She kissed the curls for several sweet moments while I gently scratched the nape of her neck with my fingernails. 

Opening my eyes, I looked down at the top of her head. Her strawberry-blonde hair shimmered in the delicate light of the room. She lightly bit a bunch of the curls between her teeth and drew them away from my abdomen. My whole body shuddered. 

"I want to be naked for you," I husked.

"You will be, when it's time," she whispered into hairs at her lips. "I can't get enough of you, BethAnne." 

My body somehow floated to the bed and I ended up on my back. Linda got up, knelt next to me, her skirt dropping back into place in the process, and started drawing my pantyhose down my legs. I laid back, enthralled by what was happening. I lifted my knees to help her, then felt the nylon ease off of my feet. My panties were next. One part of me felt totally exposed, the other part felt unbelievably turned on. I closed my eyes again. 

Panties off, naked from the waist down, my pussy exuding the smell of a woman in heat, I let my legs fall open, knowing I was affording Linda a view of the length of my crotch. I loved being exposed to her like that. 

"Open your legs more," she said in a voice thick with lust. It was more like a command, an order than must be obeyed without question. It would not be the only time she commanded me to do something wicked; it would become something I would become used to as our relationship matured.

Like a good soldier, I obeyed. There it was, in all its glory, my splayed legs revealing what heretofore only men had seen before. If my heart was racing like mad before, it was into a wild gallop now.

"Spread your lips for me," she said. "I want to see all of you."

Wow! It was now or never. Blushing profusely, I reached between my legs and sealed my fate from that time forward. Slowly I opened the lips like rose petals, the pink moisture within showing a tell-tale sign of my feelings at that moment.

My eyes still closed, I felt her body shift closer to me as she got an even better look into my love canal. "Keep it open," she whispered as she dove into the cleft like a cow crazing in the grass. 

She lightly kissed my exposed clit, and I shivered uncontrollably, gasping out loud. I opened myself even more, giving her total access to the center of my being. She wasted no time; her lips moved lower to my vaginal entrance. She softly blew warm air over the moist, pink tissue, then stabbed her tongue straight into me. I cried out in pure ecstasy, raised my hips off the bed, and thrust my abdomen into her churning face. 

"You taste so fucking good," she whispered, "I could eat you all night." Her whole mouth covered my steaming vulva. I knew I had totally coated her face with moisture.

I couldn't even respond. I could feel my juices flowing, and she sucked them voraciously into her mouth. I began undulating my hips. The sounds emanating from my mouth were incomprehensible, moans mixed with gasps, cries interspersed with grunts. I wanted to cum so bad my teeth ached. 

When I was able to form a comprehensible word, it was only one. "Linda... Linda... Linda..." 

She continued her assault on my sex for another eternity, bringing me close to orgasm, then suddenly whispered, "Turn over on your tummy. I am going to do something very pleasurable for you."

I had no idea what she had in mind, but I turned over and gave her a nice view of my upturned ass. I felt her fingertips move lightly across the proffered buns. I'd always liked to be touched there, and Linda had a special way bringing the nerve endings into play. Every once in a while she moved her fingertips between the half moons, sometimes coming perilously close to my rosebud, but avoiding it just when I thought she would go for the target. She was teasing me, and I loved it. 

"Such a gorgeous ass," she said in a soft, honey-dewed voice. 

"It's yours," I said, hoping to encourage her to move on to bigger and better things.

Her response surprised me. "It was mine from the moment you hopped in bed with me. I'm just staking my claim now."

I felt two hands on my ass now, with her fingers suddenly prying the two halves apart. I gasped out loud, knowing my most private of areas was now on full display. I thought she was going to return the favor I had given her earlier, when she asked me to impale her back there with my finger. How wrong I was! Her body partially resting on mine, she moved her lips between the opened cheeks and kissed me softly right THERE! I moaned, telling her how without words how much I liked the feeling. Persuaded that I was not averse to what she had in mind, her lips were joined by her tongue. I had heard of "rim jobs" before, but this was my very first. 

The tip of her tongue circled around the tiny pucker, driving me up the wall. "Oh, that's sooooooo nice," I cooed. 

She opened me up even more, then drove her tongue straight into the target. The coup de gras! The feeling was exquisite! Some people have nerve endings there that make the anus an erotic interlude all by itself. I soon discovered that my nerve endings seemed to follow a straight line from there to my clit. She toyed with me there for the better part of twenty minutes, interspersing her tongue with her index finger just to change the tune she was playing. When she used her finger, she tickled the rectal walls with her fingertip and I literally screamed in delight each time she did. 

She knew I was aroused; she sensed I was close to coming. I knew it wouldn't take much to bring me over the edge, and it didn't. When her finger moved to my clit, rockets went off and I moaned into the bed sheet long enough for three wonderful waves of pleasure to engulf me, one right after the other, actually increasing in intensity from one to the other. I had felt two waves before, both times from male partners, but this was like nothing I had ever experienced in my life. I was hooked from that beautiful moment on, and I think Linda knew it. 

"So BethAnne likes anal," she whispered, releasing my ass cheeks from her grip.

"I never knew it could that nice," I said.

"I have so much to teach you, sweetness."

I laughed. "You have a very willing learner."

"A very willing sex slave you mean." Her statement sounded too sincere to be a joke.

I wondered if she was serious. "You want me to be your sex slave?" I asked incredulously.

"Honey, you already are..."

to be continued...