 There comes a moment in all of our lives when we reach a proverbial turning point. As a wise old sage once mused, "When you come to a fork in the road, take it!" Well, there was no fork in the road that night. There was one path that I saw for my foreseeable future, and it was walking hand-in-hand with Linda wherever she wanted to take me. There was no turning back. I was hooked. Completely. Whatever there had been before in my life was overshadowed by this beautiful creature sharing her bed with me on that wonderful first evening. 

A sex slave? What did she mean by that? In the months and years to come, Linda would explore my innate submissiveness and bring it to limits I could never have possibly imagined. 

She drew me down to her, my body melting into hers. She kissed me. Not so much as sexily, but lovingly. Her lips were as soft as the morning dew. When we broke the kiss, we snuggled for the better part of an hour, wordlessly, drinking in the excitement of the moments we had only recently shared. 

I finally broke our long silence. "What have you done to me?"

Linda laughed. "What have we done to each other?"

Our questions went unanswered as her fingers lightly touched my brow, then circled my ear. My whole body shivered at her touch. She kissed the tip of my nose, then smiled. Her eyes met mine. At a time like this, words are unnecessary. Given the moment at hand it was odd that she was fully clothed, except for her panties and skirt that I had thoughtfully removed when she needed her temperature taken. Her pretty satin slip was still bunched at her waist; her chest heaved beneath her turtleneck sweater. I had a view of the length of her body, and the patch of strawberry-blond curls that adorned her lower abdomen could have melted a glacier. 

"I think we are over-dressed for this occasion," I said.

"I know of a way we can solve that problem," she replied with a coy smile.

"And what might be your suggestion?" 

"Well, I have a shower in the next room..."

It seemed so natural to rest my hand over the soft curls of her pussy and run my fingers lightly through them. "And a woman needs a shower after things get hot and steamy," I said, my voice thickening with lust.

She brought her hand down to mine, found my middle finger, and eased it into the puffy folds of her sex. Her clit was twice the size of mine. She moaned. Her hand stayed over mine as I moved my finger back and forth over the engorged nubbin. "If you keep that up," she husked, "we may never get to the shower."

I toyed with her cunny while she opened her legs invitingly. Inside the lips, she was moist. I kissed the side of her neck while my finger delved deeper. I was not surprised to find that the reason for the moisture surrounding her vaginal entrance was because there was a veritable lake inside it. My finger pressed into her while her hand held it locked in place. Her juices squished as I explored her womanhood.

My kisses on her neck turned into licks, while her moans goaded me on. She raised her hips to meet my exploring finger as guttural sounds emanated from inside her throat. I finger-fucked her for almost ten minutes, while I pressed my palm against her clit. She called my name out loud a dozen times, her head tossing from side to side, her hips undulating to the rhythm of my finger.

She was close, and I knew it. I bit her ear lobe. When her face turned toward me, I kissed her eyelid. She bucked like a bronco. I shoved my finger deep into her. When she came, she made a long "whooing" sound. I would swear her vagina constricted around my finger. Her orgasm lasted almost a full minute. 

When I finally removed my finger, it glistened in the pale light of the room. I brought it to my nostrils, then inhaled the sweet nectar of her juices. The smell was intoxicating. She smiled. "Clean your finger in your mouth."

It wasn't a request, it was a command, and I willingly obeyed. Her taste was unbelievably mild. Slightly salty, but kind of spicy on the palate. My eyes met hers as I sucked her juices off of my finger. The look on her face spoke a thousand words. 

"Do you normally take showers with your clothes on?" she asked with a wry smile.

"I think I could make an exception this one time," I laughed. "If you promise not to look."

She pursed her lips. "Well, I guess we'll have to stay sweaty all night then."

"Okay. Okay. You can look, but no touchy-feely. I have my reputation to consider, young lady."

As I turned to get off the bed, Linda lightly slapped my naked butt with the palm of her hand. At the time, I thought of it as no more than a "love tap," but inside my mind I wondered if there was something more to it. How could I have known that little love tap was merely the tip of an iceberg? If I had known, would I have re-thought the situation I was getting myself into? Pure conjecture at this point. 

I hardly remember shedding the rest of my clothes. I do remember sneaking a peek here and there as Linda disrobed. Her body was gorgeous. Not an ounce of flab. Her breasts were not huge, but they were bigger than mine, adorned with half-dollar sized areolas and suck-me nipples that stood out proudly. I was awed by the casualness of her demeanor. Totally naked, she walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower. She might just as well have been strutting down Main Street. No modesty about a lack of clothes in front of a woman she had known for only a few hours. She carried herself beautifully. 

I followed her into the bathroom, blushing profusely. Okay, my secret was out. So the blond hair on my head didn't match the thick brown carpet below. Maybe it was a trick of nature. I was more aware of my nakedness than I had ever been in my life. But Linda made it seem all so natural. We giggled as she soaped me up, front and back, her hands wandering wherever they wanted all over my body. When the soap rolled off of my breasts, she kissed the wetness that remained, the suckled my nipples one at a time. 

My heavy breathing and incessant sighs gave me away. My nipples are super-sensitive. Just lightly touch them and I tingle down south. Suckle them and I am yours forever. Linda didn't just suck them, she played a half-hour concerto that included her tongue and teeth as well as her lips. Alternately, she ran her tongue over and around the turgid nubbins, bit them lightly, and voraciously drew them deep into her mouth. I flung my head back and enjoyed the exquisite feelings. She knew exactly how to please me. What I had done with my finger in the bedroom, Linda was doing with her mouth in the bathroom. When her hand wandered between my legs, I gasped. Her entire hand was over my honeypot, pressing hard into me. My clit throbbed. 

Sometimes I just know when I am going to have a whopper of an orgasm. This time was no different. It welled from deep inside my sex and flowed straight from my spine to my brain. Linda had to hold me to prevent me from falling. I made unintelligible sounds from deep in my throat. My whole body shook. Maybe I had had bigger "O's", but I couldn't remember when. 

We exited the shower and Linda dried me off with a soft, fluffy towel. Her touch felt nice. I returned the favor, taking the opportunity to survey her wonderful body in the process. I lightly dabbed at her moistened curls, vigorously rubbed her breasts and derriere, then ran the towel along her legs. I felt like a teenager on her first date. 

"I didn't bring fresh clothes," I said as I stood buck-naked in front of her.

"I don't think you will be needing any the rest of the weekend," she said, smiling broadly. "Get into the bedroom, young lady."

She followed me into the bedroom silently on padded feet. Just as I started to fold the sheets back on the bed, she halted me. "It isn't time for bed quite yet."

I looked at her quizzically. "It isn't?"

"Nope. It's play time, sweetie."

"I don't understand."

"Understanding is the key to all knowledge, and you are about to start your journey into the land of learning. I want you to straddle the corner of the bed with your legs. It presents your ass nicely and gives me access to your pussy."

At first I thought she was kidding. "You're serious," I said.

"As serious as a heart attack, baby. Move!"

There was a sternness in her voice that had only reared its head slightly earlier in the evening. There was something inside me that told me not to disobey her, not to offend her. I moved to the corner of the bed, straddled it with my legs, then leaned forward, pressing my breasts into the cool bedspread. The position left me wide open and vulnerable. On the one hand it was humiliating to be like that, on the other it was sexy and exhilarating. I closed my eyes, not knowing what to expect. I sensed her moving behind me.

"What a gorgeous ass!" she exclaimed, lightly touching the exposed surface with her fingertips. Goosebumps formed at the touch. 

"This is embarrassing," I pleaded.

She ignored me. "Don't move a muscle," she said.

The cracking sound of her hand meeting the fleshiness of my buns melded with a sharp intake of my breath. I felt my buns ripple. It wasn't really painful, but the surprise of her action made me yelp. "Your ass was made to be spanked," she said.

Something inside me told me to accept what happening without questioning it. Yes, it certainly stung enough to make me know what she had done, on the other hand the pain I had felt was not without a certain amount of pleasure. My mind raced to explain my feelings at this very moment. Before I was able to even begin to assemble the answer in my mind, the second stinging slap called me to my senses.

"OH!" I cried out. "That hurts!"

"Tsk. Tsk," she said. "And we've only just begun..."