 It's been a while since I've written about this. Other than sex with Blue, it's my second favorite thing to do. Lying in the sun, tanning my smooth pussy, my ass, and the rest of me. I'm addicted to it. 

Maybe because my baby fucks me while I'm lying there? And I fuck her?

I do get horny as hell for her out there, whether she's out there or not. I can't help it. I can't lie there with the sun shining on my naked oil-drenched body without wanting her to suck my pussy, or having her pussy to suck on...I'm such a fucking slut for her!

I was lying on my back with my legs stretched out and spread apart so my pussy would get plenty of sun.

"Sunny? Do you really think you can get any darker?" There was Blue, rubbing her naked body against mine, hotly sliding her fingers along my oily, slippery inner thigh. 

"Oh, I KNOW I can." I reached down and took her hand and slid one of her fingers inside my sloppy-wet pussy.

Baby slid her finger waaaaaay in as far as it would go. "Oooooooo, my sweet slutty playtoy is so fucking wet for me." She wiggled her finger, making sexy-wet sounds in my soaked pussy...I could feel it forcing my juices out of me, soaking her hand.

My pussy muscles gripped her finger. "Ooooooohhhhhhh...fuck me, baby...you own my pussy...fucking take it..."

She eased her finger out of my tightened pussy...I squealed in protest. My pussy was begging to be fucked!

She laid her head down beside mine and spoke ever-so-softly with her hot breath against my ear, "Gee, I'd really like to fuck the HELL out of you and make you my hot, honey-sweet whore..."

I screamed and grabbed her hand to get it back to my pussy...she easily pulled it out of my oily, slippery hand and kept speaking. 

"...but, that would block your precious sunlight, and you just can't have that, now can you?"

My breathing had deepened...my pussy was pounding. The hottest woman in the world was sliding her wet tongue-tip on my ear...I was about to cum, and she wasn't even touching me. When a hard, orgasmic jolt shot through me, I did what I had to do...

I roughly rolled her onto her tummy and jumped on her, sitting up with my large pussy lips spread on one of her ass cheeks...she hotly raised her ass up against me, urging me on...I fucked myself to death on her ass and came like fucking hell!

"Sunny...your baby has to be fucked...NOW!"

Blue was breathless and hot as hell when I leaned forward and held myself up on my hands, rubbing my hips on her slippery ass...she squealed for me and I pushed harder on her ass with my hips, my pussy dripping between her cheeks.

"Sunny...please..."

I slid down more between her legs and licked her between her ass cheeks, loving how I made her body shudder and spasm. She spread legs as wide as she could, wanting more of my tongue...she squealed out and, with one leg high in the air to clear my head, rolled onto her back, grabbed my hair and yelled, "PLEASE SUCK MY PUSSY, YOU FUCKING HOT SLUT!"

I smiled at her...it makes me horny as hell to be her fucking hot slut!

With my nails dug against her ass cheeks, my wide-open mouth pounced on her...

My baby screamed when my mouth hit her pussy, splattering her hot juices all over my face and her thighs..

I pushed my face hard against her and she could barely keep her body in place for me...my mouth was full of her swollen pussy and I sucked her mercilessly while she pulled my hair with her back arched...

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!"

Her pussy already overheated, she came quickly for me, screaming out loud with every muscle in her body tight and pulling my hair like hell. She came so much, I could not swallow all of her...it overflowed my lips and drenched my chin...most went down my throat and felt so fucking hot!

I wanted more of her cum in my tummy and she wanted more of my mouth...

The sun was so hot on my ass...oil was running down the middle of my back and my pussy was fucking hot.

I slipped my hands from her ass and slid my arms under her thighs, wrapping my hands around them to hold onto her while rubbing my lips on her burning clit...baby whimpered and tugged on my hair, begging to be mouth-fucked again.

I purred into her while rubbing her entire pussy with my wet, slippery face...she whimpered loudly now, squirming against my face...I teased her to death with hot little whimpers and purrs of my own, letting my tongue glance in little flicks across her quivering outer lips...

"SUNNY! FUCK! MAKE ME CUM!!"

I kept my lips closed and pressed them HARD on her clit, growling ferociously...she screamed and her body bucked hard, unintentionally pulling her clit from my lips.

"SUNNYFUCKFUCKCUMMING!!"

My open mouth took her...I held her down and ravaged her sweet pussy, my tongue fucking HARD into her...this time, I swallowed every hot drop of her...

With my tummy satisfied, I gave her pussy a bunch of loving kisses and licks, then my baby rolled onto her tummy, her exhales coming out in audible little pants. "Oh...oh...oh...oh..."

Not wanting her to burn, I covered her with a very large towel, laid a big-brim hat on her head and rubbed her now-oily back under the towel to calm her muscles. I flopped onto my back with my pussy facing the sun, squirted the now REALLY hot oil all over me and got another hour of sunshine!

I sat up and sweat and oil poured down my body. Blue was asleep beside me, still well covered with the big towel and hat. I patted her butt and dove into the pool in eight feet of water, leveling off at five feet down and swimming underwater to the other side. I stayed under, pushed off the wall and swam back, then climbed out.

I went right over to Blue, stood over her with a foot on each side of her, removed her towel and let my wet hair and my wet body drip all over her. I laughed and said, "Are you awake? Baby? Are you awake?"

From under the hat, she sounded pretty stern. "No. I'm not awake. I'm asleep." 

"You're not sleeping! You're talking!"

"I'm talking in my sleep and you're interrupting. You're also getting me wet."

I giggled. "Wet again, huh? Well, I can fix that!"

"Not wet like that, you oversexed nympho slut."

I giggled more and laid myself down on top of her, bringing my lips to her ear and speaking softly,

"I'm YOUR oversexed nympho slut, baby..."

"Please know that I like that and appreciate that, even in my sleep."

I slid my tongue around her ear. "I like it better when you tell me in your sleep to suck your pussy..."

"I have never done that."

"Yeah, ya have. A few times. And wow, you came soooooooo damn good for me..."

"Did not."

"Did too, and you screamed so loud, you should have woke yourself up! Now, you just relax while your oversexed nympho slut cums all over that lovely ass of yours."

I sat up and planted myself on one of her ass cheeks, reaching down and spreading my swollen outer lips on her smooth, oily skin...her ass muscles flexed and hardened so nicely under my pussy. I imagined her strong pussy muscles convulsing and tightening around my tongue. 

What a fucking turnon...that made me fuck myself harder on her ass cheek, my pussy softly slapping on her skin...I came like crazy riding her ass! 

I lied back down on top of her...she was breathing deeper, so I kept my weight off her and whispered in her ear, "You're pretty fucking hot in your sleep, sweetheart..."

"Yeah, and you'd better strapon fuck me real good, later."

"You're awake!"

She replied by pretend-snoring very loudly.

I slid off of her and plopped down beside her. "Oh, that is just worst pretend snoring I've ever heard!"

We both giggled and she stood up and held out her hand. Smiling, she said, "Come with me and you get to be the most oversexed-nympho-sluttiest woman you've ever been."

I jumped to my feet. "Oh goodie!"

She led me by the hand and we headed inside...two hot, glistening women. She looked soooooooo good, she just made me want to eat her up. With my hair down to my ass, you can imagine what a mess that was. Nothing I could do with that and didn't even try.

I had only one thing on my mind. My pussy was already drippy-wet thinking about it.

We did not shower together. We knew we would both cum many times in the shower if we did, and that's not what we wanted...not this time. This was all about our strapon...two women fucking like wild animals.

#

With a sexy-cute twinkle in her eyes, she tossed me the strapon with biggest toy on it and said, "Do me, baby!"

I smiled at her while putting it on. Baby spread her legs and teased me, patting her pussy. 

"Come get my pussy, tigress..."

Her pussy was soaking-wet and ready for me. I slid between her thighs and tossed all my hair on top of her...she whimpered when I used the toy to tease her outer lips, whimpering more when I gathered her slippery juices in my hand and lubed the toy nicely. When I placed toy between her lips, almost entering her and gave it a little shove, she squealed and wriggled her hips, trying to get the toy in her pussy.

I smiled and slid it gently just inside her...she gasped in sexy little scream, pulling softly on my hair, wriggling and trying to get more of toy. I said, "Ooooooooo...that's it...take it all, my hot baby..."

I could feel her pussy muscles pulling on it the toy inside her, convulsing around it and pulling on it. Her sweet juices oooooozzzed from around it, dribbling down to her ass. I teased her with little in and out motions with my hips. "Oooooohhhhhhh...does Baby need her pussy fucked hard?"

"FUCK MY PUSSY HARD, SUNNY! GIVE IT TO ME!"

I kept giving the toy little shoves with my hips wriggling to work the toy around inside her, pushing it deeper, bit by bit. "Yeah baby...let that hungry pussy of yours swallow it all..."

While screaming "FUCKMYPUSSY!", she grabbed my body and pulled it to her...my hips slapped against her, splattering Bluejuices all over both of us and ramming the toy hard against the back of her pussy!

"FUCK YEAH! FUCK ME, MY FUCKING HOT SLUT!"

That was all I needed to hear...I nailed her, and after only a few hard strokes, Blue came wildly, screaming for me with her nails nearly dug into my back...I fucked my hot woman all the way through her intense orgasm while she bucked her ass up meeting all my deep strokes with her hot-as-hell pussy...

When her orgasm calmed, I slowed gradually...she wrapped her legs around my waist and moved her hips around...keeping the big toy inside her, I lowered my body onto hers and spoke softly to her lips, "Make me cum, baby..."

She slid her hand to my ass, knowing all it would take to make that happen...she wet her finger in her own cum and slid it deep in my ass...my body spasmed hard...I screamed with my face buried in her breasts and came like a wildwoman!

I flopped on top of her, my face still in her breasts and my voice muffled. "Oh...baby..."

She pet me down my back in soft caresses with her fingertips, then tried to lift my hips up to wriggle off of the toy.

She helped me taking the strapon off, then we wrapped our bodies around each other and cuddled deeply, lips touching lips.

"I love you, Blue."

"I love YOU, Sunny."

We both fell asleep, smiling.