 Chapter 2: A Sumptuous Treat

Fannie is still in a daze. She could remember she was attacked suddenly by Shannon and all the chloroform that was administered to her, but how did she end up here? Where is this place? The darkness is not what worries her; it's what her abductors going to do to her? And why, of all the people, did they choose her?

Before more questions invade her mind, she was jolted by the nearing voice outside.

"Let's just be gentle on her first alright? I just love teasing them..."

Fannie decided to feign coma to buy time to better assess the situation since she is rendered immobile by the bonds on her wrists and ankles.

Lights flood in, Fannie sense the presence of 3 women...

"Looks like our sweet little thing is still out cold. Think she needs something to wake her up."

"Yes sister..."

Fannie held her breath as she ponders how they are going to try waking her up. It looks like her decision to remain in a comatose state is turning out to be a mistake. Should she just wake up now or...? Footsteps near...

Hazel walked seductively over to Fannie's rigid body. She is excited, her first mission, her turn under the limelight. She has been waiting for this moment and finally, it's going to start. Her stilettos and black latex skirt complements her performance. Positioning Fannie's head in between her legs, Hazel stood for a moment, admiring Fannie's helpless form. Beatrice and Shannon held their breaths as they anticipate Hazel's next action. Hazel pulls the crotch of her black lycra panties aside...

The footsteps stopped a moment ago, the air is still, silence... Fannie's heart screamed for her to stop her ploy now... But...

Splash!

Warm, foul smelling liquid was in an instance, dousing her face. She knew what it is immediately. She struggled; she wants to break free from her bonds and claw at the culprit who is humiliating her this moment. She tries to open her eyes, to look at her adversary in the eye, but the stream of liquid proves too powerful. A sense of disgust builds up inside Fannie as small portions of the liquid began seeping thru her mouth gag and into her mouth.

Hazel noticed the tiny struggles of helpless victim and giggle to herself. She knows Fannie has woken up already, but what fun would it be if she were to control her bladder now? Hazel is determine to empty it all on Fannie as she steps up her ministrations on her, directing her piss onto Fannie's gag.

Hazel shivered as she covered her slit, totally enjoying what she just did. Putting her hands on her hips, she stared defiantly into the eyes of Fannie who has just managed to open her eyes.

"So, my dear, welcome to the club. I hope you will enjoy your stay here just as much as we are going to enjoy your company." Shannon announced as she bend towards Fannie and cup her chin. "Any appreciation for our efforts?" stroking her face, Shannon took out Hazel's piss-soaked panties from Fannie's mouth.

"You fucking bitch! Do you not know who you are trifling with? My girls will come and tear down this place and give all of you hell! What do you want with me?!" Fannie screamed, intending to let out all her anger and frustrations.

"It's nothing my dear; we are just bringing you for a vacation. Come on, give yourself a holiday after working for so long. You should thank us for this, we are going to give you the best treatment you will ever get." Teased Shannon.

"Yeah, you get a girl to piss on me and that's call the best treatment? Why don't you give me the chance to piss on you? You fucking bitch!" 

*Spit*

Shannon wiped Fannie's spit off her face angrily. Regaining her composure, she replied, "Don't worry, you will get your chance later. But for now, please pay full attention to the video show you are about to watch now. Well, we'll leave you alone for now. Enjoy the show." And she turned her back and strutted out of the room, dominatrix style.

Hazel took a cold bucket of water and wash Fannie in an instance, clearing her of her piss. Beatrice switched on the projector in the room which until now, was concealed in the darkness. Signaling to Hazel, they left the room.

Once again, the room was in darkness apart from the screen.

Fannie is still confused about her situation, these women didn't really reveal much about their motives for kidnapping her. And it's just impossible that they kidnap her solely to just let her watch some stupid show that's going to unfold before her eyes now...

The show went through a brief introduction of the history of Dragoness, re-enacting the times where it first came into power in Hong Kong, its growth and its various businesses.

"So these girls belong to this gang called Dragoness? Looks like we have a new competitor within our territory and we still didn't know. Dang!" Fannie thought.

Fannie once again turned her attention back to the screen, expecting to see more of their history; it is now showing the scene of their annual general meeting and the gala dinner, the various different cell groups and their members. Fannie has never seen such a big organization that's just made up of women and more women. As compared to their numbers, Red Lynx is just a drop in the ocean.

The scene on the screen changes suddenly, to something which leaves Fannie flabbergasted...

The whole gala dinner had instantly turned into a mass orgy of naked women having sex with one another, on the table, on the floor, against the wall, everywhere in the ballroom! Everyone is enjoying it, the numerous moaning coming from the sound system filled the room and caused Fannie to shiver. She has never witness this before, mass lesbianism?

She caught a glimpse of Shannon among the different piles of naked bodies, rapidly fingering another woman while another was licking her pinkish snatch. 

"Oh my gosh! Is this what the people in this organization indulge in? Are they all lesbians? What the fuck?"

Fannie has a bad feeling about what is going to happen next...

The door to her room opened again and this time, it is only Hazel and Beatrice...

"So babe, did u enjoy the show? Welcome to our closely-knitted organization, Dragoness!" Hazel announced proudly. Then she hugs Beatrice tightly, and locked their lips right in front of Fannie's eyes!

Fannie absolutely doesn't know how to respond to this naughty display as she stares with her mouth wide open.

Breaking off the kiss, Beatrice kneeled down and caresses Fannie's face softly with her fingertips. Fannie gasps at the coldness of her fingers, not realizing just how vulnerable she is to the duo.

"We should get to know each other better sister. I've been looking forward to this since we caught you. And you have given us much joy since you've joined us. Its time we give you a treat."

Beatrice stood up and pulled Hazel over...

"Let's show her how much bonding exists between the servants of Dragoness sister!" coos Beatrice.

Beatrice started running her fingers in Hazel's long, smooth hair, pulling her closer, she kissed Hazel deeply. It was a lingering kiss, their tongues intertwining with each other, their saliva overflowing from the side of their lips. Pressing their bodies together, they let the smooth latex material covering their breasts to slide against each other. Their nipples are starting to protrude from the tight material, and Beatrice reached down and pinches Hazel's nipples thru it.

"mmm... Nice and hard..." Hazel moaned as Beatrice reached down and clamped her nipples between her lips. Pleasure course through Hazel's veins as Beatrice twist her lips around her nipples, loving the way the material becomes smooth with her saliva, sliding her tongue rapidly around the protruding tip. 

"Oooh, yes yes sister..." moan Hazel as Beatrice double her efforts of squeezing and kneading her breasts.

Fannie was starting to feel funny inside after seeing this live performance by Hazel and Beatrice. Yes, she is a true straight girl, but it is after all, the first time she has seen women indulging in this forbidden pleasures together and it doesn't seem that bad at all. But no, she is straight and it's not right to enjoy this lesbian display. No way!

"Come, let's give her a close look at your pussy sister, I bet our guest never knew how a pussy really works." Saying this, Beatrice pulled Hazel over to regain her initial pissing position. Fannie could now see Hazel's pantied crotch more clearly now, the outline of her nether lips against the tight spandex panties. Before she could protest, Beatrice started rubbing Hazel's crotch, running her index finger along her slit, up and down, up and down. Stopping occasionally to turn circles around her now erected clit. It is true that Fannie has never watch any pornography before, but it's not as if she knows nothing about sex just that in her opinion, her guy would lead her on to every move. And the scene before her now has just uncover another new chapter about sex, making her completely mesmerized by Beatrice's finger now, her defenses crumbling fast.

Hazel is moaning more than ever now, and even moving her hips along with Beatrice's motions, trying to get more pleasure. A damp patch is slowly spreading out from the center of Hazel's crotch, the musky properties diffuse through the air and slowly enveloped the 3 person. Beatrice sought out the now engorged clit of Hazel with her fingers and pinches it lightly every now and then. Some of Hazel's juices began seeping past the waistband of her panties.

"Mmm... I guess its time dear... time for your first taste..." Hazel gigged.

Fannie was still puzzled by her sentence when in a flash, she found Hazel's crotch right in front of her mouth! Instinctively, she flipped her face to the side to prevent whatever sadistic ministrations that followed and struggled against her bonds. To her dismay, her arms were locked together overhead by the locking thighs of Hazel, her bounded wrists held by Hazel's free hands.

"How rude of you to refuse this offer..." smiled Hazel seductively as she looked into the fearful eyes of Fannie.

Fannie struggled to kick and instead, found that she can't even lift her bounded ankles up, and it seems that Beatrice has just chained her ankles to the ground!

Knowing that Fannie sense her helplessness, Hazel and Beatrice grew even more excited by the minute, the anticipated moment is approaching at the right pace...

After Beatrice has secured even Fannie's wrists to the ground, Fannie closed her eyes, knowing that her fate is sealed. Hazel relaxes her hands and started licking between Fannie's slender fingers, and proceed slowly down along the length of her left arm, sucking and nibbling sometimes along the soft flesh.

Fannie could feel the tingling sensations in her building up, every lick and nibble is making her feel uneasy, but somehow, it feels nice. Hazel stopped at Fannie's armpit to take in sweet aroma of her victim, licking the sweet skin and setting off a bout of laughter from Fannie.

"Please stop, please stop it! It is too ticklish!" cried Fannie in between her laughter.

"Oooh, so our little pet has opened up her golden mouth huh?" 

Before Fannie could even react, Hazel has already grabbed her head and forced her pantied crotch onto her mouth, rubbing up and down her face. Fannie closed her mouth and held her breath immediately, trying very hard to avoid Hazel's overflowing juices.

"Still trying to act tough huh?" saying this, Hazel pinched Fannie's nose.

Before long, Fannie opened her mouth reluctantly in order to breathe and this time, Hazel finally succeeded in making Fannie taste her juices. Fannie could feel the smooth material on her inner lips, covered with a thin film of sweet juice. As she takes her first breath, she was overwhelmed by the musky and erotic smell of Hazel's crotch.

"Come on, how do you like it? It's nice isn't it? Come on, lick my pussy girl!" commanded Hazel.

But Fannie is one tough woman and she refuse to give in to Hazel's demands. Her mind is still reminding her not to give up!

Seeing that Fannie still has her defenses, Hazel motioned Beatrice to proceed with the next step.

While Hazel is still humping her pussy on Fannie's face, Beatrice used more rope to spread Fannie's legs apart with the pulley system. The hinges creaked as Beatrice pulled on the ropes, the black satin panties of Fannie looms into sight. 

Fannie was already having trouble fending off the attacks of Hazel's crotch when she was given more shock as she felt fresh hands running along the insides of her thighs, sending goose bumps on her skin. 

"Come on bitch! Enjoy this!" Hazel said as she turned around and laid her pantied covered asshole onto Fannie's nose, and start massaging Fannie's breasts through the flimsy material of her white tank top. Fannie wasn't wearing any bra and her nipples shot out on Hazel's touch. The soft lycra covering her breasts isn't offering any resistance against Hazel's kneading and Fannie is beginning to feel really excited with Hazel's expertise. 

"Mmm..." purred Beatrice as she felt the pussy of Fannie. Running her finger along the protruding lips, and stopping occasionally to pinch at the excited nub of Fannie, eliciting muffled screams. 

"Someone is already so wet!" clucked Beatrice as she could feel the moistness through Fannie's panties as she continuing to rub her crotch with her palm.

Beatrice fingers worked they magic on the hard nub of Fannie's clit that was now protruding through the tight material, excited from all the attention, pinching and rubbing, just as were Hazel's fingers who had by now, pulled the flimsy lycra top aside and pinching furiously away on the light oriental-brown nipples of Fannie.

Fannie's head was swimming now, the sensations from the sensitive spots on her body, the smell of Hazel's juices and the erotic act is too much for her. She is confuse as to just how she could be excited sexually with these 2 women. In her mind now, there are only the images of their fingers on her nipples and clit, the naughty smell of Hazel's asshole and Hazel's slick juices on her mouth. 

There's absolutely no way Fannie could defend herself. Her squirming only adds on to the erotic sensations as the 2 girls added more friction with her actions. She could feel the sensations building up really rapidly and she is completely helpless against this lesbian bondage ...

Beatrice gave Fannie a wedgie before pulling her soaking panties to the side to reveal the wet, glistening and pinkish pussy of Fannie. The sweet smell of Fannie's juices spurred Beatrice on to give her the finest licking action ever, running her tongue along the slit, gathering all the sweetness in its path.

"Cum bitch!!! Cum!!!" screamed Beatrice before sucking down hard on Fannie's clit! Hazel caught her drift and arches her ass into Fannie's face and biting down hard on her nipples!

And that was it, the contractions in Fannie's thighs came and Fannie's juices overflowed through her pinkish pussy in torrents....

And the last thing she remembered before she black out was the touched of Beatrice's tongue running along the length of her pussy and lapping up her juices...