 Fannie stumbles and stumbles through the foggy darkness, having no sense of direction at all. She couldn't remember how she can get to this situation, she just wants to run away from it all...

Her body clad only in her black satin panties, tired and violated, her senses in a state of confusion...

She needed help, but who could help her right now? This eerie place, where is this?

"Fannie, it's alright... come to me... you are safe now..." 

Fannie could recognize this voice, its Agnes! Faintly making out the direction of the silhouette, Fannie struggles towards it in an attempt to be reunited with Agnes.

As the sight of Agnes face looms into view, Fannie's knees gave way and collapses into Agnes's strong arms, her eyes filled with tears.

"It's alright now... you are safe..." Agnes gently stroked the flowing tresses of Fannie as she comfort the trembling figure in her embrace.

Fannie looks up wearily into Agnes's eyes, "Thank you mistress, thank you for helping me... I had a really rough time out there and I thought I would be..." Fannie was suddenly cut off by the soft lips of Agnes on hers, kissing away passionately.

Fannie felt intoxicated by the kiss. It was so soothing, so natural, and so sweet. She could taste the sweet saliva, the soft massaging lips of Agnes as she coax her to open her mouth to let her tongue in. She could feel the full breasts of Agnes covered by a layer of leather rubbing against her bare breasts as they slowly gyrates their bodies to a natural rhythm of heat and passion.

"But how... why..." Fannie thought, "but it felt nice, loving and peaceful..." as she slowly succumbs to the act of love by Agnes as her hands slowly roam around her scantily clad body, slowly kneading her breasts gently. Fannie could sense the buildup in her loins again, the sensations on her lips, on her tongue and the soft pinching and kneading of her breasts was getting her really wet and hot...

With their tongues entwining and seeking each other out, Fannie could feel herself melting inside her. All the taboo about lesbianism, to hell with it all! Right now, she just wants to be loved and comforted.

Agnes slowly slide one hand down the back of Fannie's slender back and coming to rest itself on her smooth butt. Grabbing one of the tender cheeks, she slowly kneaded the flesh, sending a wave of pleasure through Fannie. 

As her pussy grew wet again, she just want this moment to last forever, no one has ever caressed her like this in a long time. 

"Let me cleanse your body of all the dirt my dear.", saying this, Agnes broke off the kiss and started kissing all over Fannie's face, down to her neck, stopping to nibble at the sensitive crevices...

Agnes kissed her way down to her breasts, holding both of them up with her hands, and licking the deep valley in between them. Fannie closed her eyes and just let her idol make love to her.

And when Agnes hands reached the crotch of her wet panties, Fannie exploded...

"Ha ha... looks like this slut is enjoying it isn't it?" the loud voice of Hazel sounded at the side of Fannie's helpless body.

"Wha... what...?" Fannie was finally waking up from her daze.

She realized it was all just a wet dream she was having and her situation hasn't changed a single bit, in fact, she found herself in a worse situation than before as both Hazel and Beatrice stood naked before her. 

Although she was still chained up in the same position, Fannie is thoroughly wet in some kind of liquid that is making her light-headed and she seems to be losing her inhibitions, turn on to be exact. Her nipples felt sensitive and very erect in her topless state and her pussy felt so wet and it seems like her juices would never stop flowing out of her.

"What have you all done to me?" she groaned.

"Aww, its just a little encouragement from us, a little spice to keep you going for what's going to come next..." replies Beatrice slyly.

Fannie's pussy felt like melting, she wants to touch herself there and then. All her mind is filled with, are ideas of pleasuring herself. No longer does she feel the shame of pleasuring herself in front of her captors, no longer does she restricts herself from entertaining forbidden thoughts. She just wants relief from the heat she is feeling throughout her body.

"This would help you." Beatrice bends forward and starts rubbing her panty clad pussy again, her fingers exploring the contours of her labia.

"No... Mmm..." Fannie moaned weakly, the sensations too much for her as her knees shiver and grow weak. She felt herself giving in to the pleasure, her hips naturally arches itself upwards, wanting to catch her erected clitoris on Beatrice's fingers.

And Beatrice found the hard nub protruding from her panties and starts rubbing across the smooth surface, eliciting more moans from Fannie.

Hazel also lay down on the floor beside her ample boobs and started running her tongue along the heaving contours, licking under and around her mounds, just short of missing her erected nipples.

"Bitch, do you love it?" asks Beatrice as she looks at Fannie's pleasured expressions.

"I ... I... mmm..." Beatrice cuts her off as she kissed her passionately, her tongue exploring the depths of her mouth. As their tongues intertwine with each other, Beatrice removed her panties and concentrates her efforts on her clitoris, intermittently sliding 2 fingers into Fannie's pussy, gathering up more juices.

Fannie could feel Beatrice's fingers in her, sliding in and out of her feverishly, and she just wants to clamp her fingers in her pussy tightly, not letting it go. She wants to hold her, she wants to be hug, and she wants to be made love to and to make love in return.

Hazel could sense that her prey is totally under her spell, her own desires slowly taking over.

"I think its time for her to reciprocate sister." Hazel says as Beatrice pulls out her fingers from Fannie's pussy and signals in agreement, her mouth still busy kissing Fannie.

"Aww..." Fannie moans as Beatrice plunges 2 fingers back into her wet folds and more juices squirts out of her virgin pussy.

Hazel unchained Fannie's arms and went back to licking and kneading her breasts. Sensing her freedom, Fannie puts her right hand behind Hazel's head and pulls her in, directing her tongue to her nipples which was already yearning for attention. And Hazel suckles on her erected nipples like never before, suckling like a baby, biting and sucking and licking as Fannie pushes her breasts into her face.

The pace was now feverish, the 3 naked bodies working and squirming together and the impending orgasm in Fannie was anticipated by Beatrice as she breaks off suddenly from the tonguing action and kneeled between Fannie's legs to lap up all the juices churning from the convulsions.

"Ohhhh... Ohhhh... Ohhh..." Fannie shivers and convulse with the orgasm. It was even better than the one before, the best she ever had in her life.

Before she can recover, Hazel was already armed with a strap-on dildo, as Beatrice finishes cleaning up all her juices from her pussy.

"Please us Bitch, and we'll welcome you to our family!" Encourage Hazel.

Fannie moans in agreement as Beatrice lower her pussy onto her lips. The muskiness of Beatrice's naked pussy was turning her on. It looks beautiful, pick and luscious and the wetness glistening. She plunge her into her wet folds and get to work immediately, wanting to drink up all of her juices which tasted ever so nice. She has never licked a woman's pussy before and she wonders why she has waited so long to try it.

Beatrice grabbed both of Fannie's hands and placed it on her breasts as she rides Fannie's face, feeling the tongue flicking her clit and burrowing her tunnel. 

"This girl is good, her tongue is so gonna dig out all my juices..." wonders Beatrice.

Fannie loves what she is touching now, the softness of Beatrice boobs was wonderful, and those nipples are so sensitive. Every pinch was making Beatrice push her pussy harder towards her mouth and every squeeze was making her juices flow out more. She is working Beatrice towards her liking! Nice... She wants more of Beatrice's juices, the feeling of her sweet nectar flowing down her throat made her even hungrier.

Hazel was fondling her own boobs now, seeing how Beatrice is humping Fannie's face. She covered her strap-on dildo with more of the clear liquid they had poured over Fannie, knowing the aphrodisiac would drive Fannie crazy and convert her allegiance successfully. It had worked so many times, on herself as well, but she never regretted the new life she had with it.

Licking her lips, she kneels down in between Fannie's thighs and entered her tight pussy.

Fannie gasps at the entry of the huge 7-inch dildo, she felt a slight pain as her hymen broke but the pleasure was overwhelming. The aphrodisiac is working its magic deep within her now, the tingling sensation in her pussy right down to her spine. She is melting inside out. Her pussy just wants to accommodate the whole monster, wanting it so badly.

"Remember this Fannie, this feeling, this initiation. You are one of us now." announced Hazel in between breaths as she plunge her dildo in and out of Fannie's pussy at a feverish pace.

"Yes... Yes... Yes!!!!" screams Beatrice, arching her back as Fannie finally brought her to orgasm, flooding Fannie's mouth with her juices.

"Ohh... nice... Oh... yes!!!" screams Fannie as she too came hard on the dildo and Beatrice rushes again to lap at her pussy.

Hazel unchained Fannie's ankles and turned her onto her stomach, enjoying the slender back of her new recruit.

"This is our final present for you, enjoy it..." coos Hazel as she props up Fannie's hips and enters her again.

Hazel fucks her slowly with the dildo, kissing down Fannie's spine, and feeling the softness of her butt with each thrust deep into her. Reaching her hands forward, she grabbed both of Fannie's boobs and pulled her upwards on to her knees. Fannie's fire was once again rekindle in her loins and moans in anticipation of what is to come.

Crashing her breasts into Fannie's back, Hazel turned Fannie's head towards her and kissed her deeply, letting Fannie suck on her tongue like a small cock. Her hands are now squeezing both of Fannie's breasts from behind hard and pinching those nipples as she continues to thrust in and out of her. Fannie is now putting her arms over the back of Hazel's head and humping her ass backwards towards Hazels thrust, wanting the dildo to go as deep as possible into her. 

Beatrice looks on at the 2 lusty bodies, her fingers working its own magic in between her widespread legs.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum again...!" 

Fannie goes over the top as she felt Hazel's lubricated finger entered her asshole in one smooth motion.

And she was, truly well spent, and embracing her new life...