 It has been days since her insightful initiation into the Dragoness gang, Fannie has been enjoying herself ever since. Her days were spent on touring and learning more about Dragoness's operations and businesses in Singapore and her nights, well, she enjoys it more frolicking with Beatrice and Hazel who have grown so fond of her. 

Be it her nice body and sweet juices, but most importantly, it was her willingness and ever so accommodating attitude to learn the lesbian sex arts that has garnered her the trust and faith of Hazel and Beatrice and many other sisters in the gang. 

And indeed, Dragoness is no ordinary gang Singapore has ever seen before. It has thrived on strict traditions and procedures, any mistakes would be dealt with strictly and cruelly and yet, the management has garnered the respect of its members and the sisterhood was forged strongly and endured through many rough times. Though it is indeed a lesbian gang, there is no doubt that men were ever needed around the expertise and talents that women were also capable of in modern days. And recruitment of straight individuals is an art itself.

"Now this is what we always use, nickname 'Pleasure'." said Hazel as she shows Fannie a vial of clear liquid in their makeshift lab. "Slimy but clear like water, it is the powerful aphrodisiac that we used on you to convert you. It can almost instantly turns on a woman once exposed to her within a 5 meters radius, well, maybe give it a minute or 2. It only works on women though. It has many applications and can be applied on their skin or even applied in their food. It takes a longer time for it to take effect through food application, but the effects include drowsiness and horniness which is very well worth the wait." explains Beatrice.

"But won't it turn us on as well? Wouldn't we get lost in our own fires?" asks Fannie.

"Ha ha... Good question. That is why we have this as well." said Hazel as she showed Fannie a pink tablet. "You must consume this tablet; nickname 'Dom' for domination, before unleashing the aphrodisiac on the subject. This tablet would prevent you from succumbing to the effects of the aphrodisiac. It has a harmless side effect though, which we will wait for you to find out." Beatrice says with a grin. 

"But of course, we can't prevent the natural arousal if the subject is really yummy..." slurs Hazel as she reached up to cup Fannie's large tube-covered breasts.

"And juicy..." hum Beatrice as she squat down behind Fannie and lift up her short white skirt to reveal her red satin G-string, caught in between her luscious ass cheeks.

And Fannie moaned as she arch her ass backwards towards Beatrice's awaiting tongue.

"Mmmm..." the pleasure hit home on Fannie as she felt Beatrice's tongue licking her satin covered crotch and Hazel's relentless sucking of her nipples. "How I enjoy my lessons..." she thought as the 3 of them works towards another orgasm for Fannie.

Later in her room...

As Fannie lies in her bed, she can hardly contain her excitement at the thought of unleashing what she has learnt on the important targets and tasks she has on hand in hope of expanding Dragoness's operations. And she has at the back of her head, one major motivation. She can't wait to bring Agnes, her long secret idol to join her in her world of forbidden pleasures. She yearns for the very day where she can finally touch her idol's deeply erotic body and make love to her and make her know what she has been missing out on. She wants her idol all to herself!

The wetness in Fannie's pussy was growing with her perverted fantasies and she can't help it anymore as she gave in to the need of rubbing her pussy again, jamming 3 fingers inside her and pumping away furiously.

"Agnes... Oh... Agnes... I'm cumming!" as Fannie exploded in her bed with throngs of fantasies in her head and drifting off to sleep blissfully...

The next day was Fannie's day of release from orientation, she is finally operative! She will finally be brief on her mission and handed the list of targets to be recruited or silenced. Hazel and Beatrice were there at the headquarters together with her to give their report on her training. They were constantly full of praise for her and were certain she would be the key to wrestling the control of Red Lynx of Orchard Road from them.

As Hazel and Beatrice came out of the meeting room, Fannie anxiously asks, "So, did I pass?"

Frowns came upon the faces of the 2 ladies as they inform Fannie of the decision, "The management always has a thing towards conversions from rival gangs... Well, that can't be helped. They would accept you formally only after you've completed the first assignment that we will be giving you next." explains Hazel.

"Ok, what would it be then? I'm sure I can fulfill it!" replied Fannie confidently.

"Taking into account that you're new and had no prior experience to this, the management would want you to convert just any woman that you see on the street or in the shops in Orchard Road into a lesbian and recruit her into our gang. And... you must work alone, though we would provide you with the necessary equipment to help you finish the task." explains Beatrice.

"Just anyone?"

"Yes, any woman. But, try to keep a low profile ok? We wouldn't want bitches from red lynx sniffing down your trail." Beatrice confirms.

"Consider it done!" Saying this, Fannie turns and walks out of the room, in search of her new prey...

Later on in the night...

"How the hell am I supposed to do it with so many people around shopping and chilling? Aargh! This is turning out to be harder than I could imagine..." a frustrated Fannie fumes.

"Pleasure check, Dom check, dildo check, handcuffs check, knife check..." She checked her inventory in her Guess bag for the 3rd time, she is getting flustered. Who shall it be? Where would it take place? What will she do to that person? How will she seduce her or even show her just how nice lesbian love-making is? She has never done this before, will she succeed?

Clad in a white jacket, black lycra tube and white short skirt, she has been thronging the streets for the past 4 hours for any opportunity to strike on some easy targets but there just aren't any around. Even the back alleys have people walking by almost every minute; it is too hard not to arouse any suspicions if she tries anything funny. She must stay out of sight as well... 

"Impossible." this is the only word that constantly rang in her mind.

Nevertheless, there are always so many eye-candies on the streets that have been entertaining her that she never notices how time flies. The desires stirring in her heart, mind and soul has been unlocked since that fateful night. She never knew the sexily dressed women on Orchard Road could ever attract her attention like this. 

From the low cut halters to plain tube with a short skirt much like herself, these women walking past her eyes gets her wet with excitement like never before. How she yearns to get her hands on those exploding busts straining against the seams of their top. How she yearns to spank those tight and perky butts restricted by those tight lycra skirt. And oh those visible panty and thong lines, wonder what the pussies beneath them is like? And she absolutely love those women who just loves to show off their lingerie through their tight tops, topping the list were red or black bras against those white lycra tops, absolutely delicious.

And opportunity often calls at the time you most unexpected it...

"Excuse me, sorry to bother you, but you seem like a nice person who would be willing to fill in a 15 minutes street survey for me? It will take just 15 minutes and we have this attractive gift for..." an attractive young petite woman approached her on the street. Fannie took some time to survey the sporty attired young woman, running her eyes over the tight white dry-fit T-shirt and that black frilly skirt. 

"Looks to be about 34C and... Definitely a sports bra... Wonder what color is it? Her hair smells good, does her pussy smells just as nice?" Delicious thoughts ran across Fannie's mind, oblivious to the continuous introduction of the woman.

"Sorry, my name is Gladys, and yours?" the young woman says as she extends a friendly handshake to Fannie.

Snapping out of her fantasies, Fannie shook her hand and replied "You are lucky that I'm not in a rush to go anywhere. How long would this survey take?"

Breaking out in a cute giggle, Gladys replied "Someone wasn't paying attention huh? Just 15 minutes miss."

And Fannie's heart melted with those cute girlish giggles and her brains take over instantly with plans to devour this young woman.

Taking out a piece of tissue paper, she wiped the perspiration from the sides of Gladys face "Poor girl, you must have had a rough day. How about this, we do the survey at the Starbucks over there and enjoy some break time from the hot sun? My treat." Fannie said, smiling and pointed to a nearby old shopping centre across the street which doesn't have much patrons and shops.

"This must be my lucky day." thought Gladys as she nodded gleefully in agreement, not knowing that Fannie has exactly the same thoughts on her mind.

In the café...

"You take a seat first and prepare your questions while I go get us some drinks k? What would you like?" offered Fannie.

"One iced caramel macchiato would do thanks!"

"Alright, one iced caramel macchiato coming right up!" Fannie smacked her lips as she turns and walk over to order her drinks.

After her orders, Fannie turned to check on her prey, who's cheerfully awaiting her return, well, probably more for her free treat. 

"Fannie, your drinks are ready." announced the server.

Smiling, she checks her drinks and swiftly added a few drops of Pleasure into the caramel macchiato, invisible to the eyes of anyone.

"Here you go, hope you like it." said Fannie as she handed Gladys her drink.

"Thanks, you're the nicest person to me so far for the day. I really appreciate it." said Gladys as she slurps down her drink.

"Well, I just see a friend in need and just gave her a helping hand, nothing much. How about introducing more of you my new friend? How old are you this year? Still schooling?"

"For starters, I'm 16 this year and I'm waiting for my O level results. My secondary school is at Singapore Chinese Girls School and I hope my results are good enough to enroll me in Raffles Junior College, the top school in Singapore. And, I'm a hockey player. Yup, that's me. How about you?"

"Me? Ha ha, I'm a businesswoman. I run pubs. I do all kinds of sports and am trained in little martial arts for self-defense. Yup, that's me." With that, Gladys broke out into laughter as she realized that Fannie is mimicking the way she is speaking. Fannie reached forward and pinched her cute puffy cheeks and they got into a little naughty scuffle.

"Gee, it seems hot here still even with all the air-conditioning." Said Fannie as she took off her white jacket and placed it behind her chair. This exposed her tube-covered 36D breasts to some guys sitting at another table who could only marvel at the sheer sexiness of it. Even Gladys was feeling something which she couldn't explain why.

"Those boobs are just... wow... I think they are bigger than mine and that looks so sexy and soft and... But, hey, why am I looking at her boobs and thinking of all these things?" Lost in her own thoughts, Gladys look up into the Fannie's searching eyes suddenly, before darting her eyes down again, a faint blush coming onto Gladys's face.

"It must be working..." thought Fannie as she arch her back for a stretch and a yawn, thrusting her boobs forward towards Gladys. Turning back, she quickly slips Dom into her mouth as Gladys isn't looking.

Gladys could feel a strange heat building up in her body now and trying to curb anymore strange feelings inside her, she quickly moved on to the survey.

"Let's get this survey done first before we reserve the rest of our time for friendship ok? Please help me fill in these questions on the questionnaire ok?" as she passed Fannie the questionnaire and pen.

"Sure, give me some time." winked Fannie.

As Fannie bow her head and start scribbling her answers, Gladys now have all the time to let her thoughts run wild.

"Her skin looks smooth and soft and those boobs... Wonder how it feels like...What color are her nipples? Is it brown like mine?" Unknowingly, Gladys is thinking of the wrong stuff again as she let her eyes wander around Fannie's boobs.

She could feel her heartbeat running faster and faster and she feels a bit light-headed.

"What's happening to me?" as she grew slightly weak in her knees.

"Are you ok? You seem like there's something wrong, are you ill?" asks Fannie knowingly.

"I'm... ok. I think I just need to go and wash my face... at the toilet... Must be the hot... sun...all day..." Gladys struggled to get up but fell into the waiting arms of Fannie.

"I think you are not feeling well, come, let me accompany you to the toilet." as she helped Gladys moved towards the toilet of the rundown mall, a secluded corner of this forgotten place in Orchard Road. She's getting quite a feel of the tender flesh of her prey before the actual feast. 

"Yummy..." her pussy is getting wet.

They entered the dimly lit toilet, wobbling from left to right as they moved towards the sinks. And just as Fannie has expected, the open doors lining behind the sinks showed it was empty and surprisingly clean perhaps due to the lack of patrons.

"Come, let's splash some water on your face." Saying which, Fannie scooped some water under the running tap and splashed it all over Gladys's body.

The strange heat within Gladys's body is becoming unbearable and the cold water felt good. In her drowsiness and not thinking straight, Gladys join in the splashing, wetting herself and letting the water sip through her clothes to cool her burning skin.

The tight white dry-fit t-shirt she is wearing is becoming more and more transparent, showing what was hidden underneath. Fannie was right after all as she admires the scene before her. Seeing Gladys so wasted like a person getting drunk for the first time and doing stupid things in a groggy state is turning her on. She likes the feeling of being sober and being in control of the things to come while her prey is totally under her will and mercy. She takes her time to admire the sexiness of Gladys's now transparent t-shirt with her purple sports bra straining against the material. She gently reached down and rub the front of her black satin panties under her skirt as she trail her attention along the visible bra-lines of Gladys's big boobs.

"Ok, that's enough; let's cure you of your sickness. Come over here." as Fannie helped her towards one of the cubicles at the end.

"Where are ... we going? You can... can cure me?"

"Yes, please sit down here." Fannie placed Gladys on top of the covered toilet bowl.

Shutting the cubicle door, Fannie leaned forward to admire her work so far. Gladys sat on the toilet bowl, her wet hair in a mess, her head leaning on her left shoulder and her legs spread helplessly apart.

"This is to keep you in place so that you won't fall off the toilet bowl." as Fannie gently handcuffed Gladys wrists overhead and over her shoulders with the flushing pipe.

"Hand... cuffs...? Why...?" Gladys is starting to feel that something isn't right around here, but her brain is still too slow to figure anything useful yet.

"Now, if you want to get well, you have to do whatever I say and let me do whatever I want ok?" Fannie ordered.

"But... but..."

"No buts, I promise you will like it." Smiling, Fannie kneeled on the floor and lean forward to plant a kiss on Gladys lips.

"Mmmff..." the drowsy Gladys was still trying to say something but she can't because her mouth has been invaded by Fannie's frantic, slippery tongue, so eager to seek out the goodness inside her.

The kiss felt nice to Gladys, she has never kissed anyone before, let alone by a woman she hardly knew. The slipperiness of Fannie's tongue guided hers in a never-ending dance of twirls and hoops. Her lips felt so soft like nothing she ever put her lips on before. And whenever Fannie enveloped her tongue with her lips and sucks on her tongue, the friction gave her tingles in her stomach. But somewhere in her head, she knows its wrong to kiss a girl, but it felt so nice now.

Fannie could feel Gladys slowly submitting to her appetizer as Gladys allowed full access to her virgin mouth. She can't wait to touch those boobs.

Hugging Gladys closer to her, she crushed their boobs together, feeling the smooth material of both shirt and tube rubbing against each other. She could feel the erected nipples of Gladys straining against her sports bra and poking her own nipples, feeling the pleasure rushing from her nipples to her brain. Slowly slipping her palms down from Gladys's shoulder to the side of her ribs, she gently teases her prey, tickling her and deliberately avoiding the sensitive jugs.

"Mmm..." moan Gladys as she unknowingly arch her boobs forward to get a hold of her hands as Fannie had anticipated. The virgin girl is responding well!

Finally cupping her palms on the bra-covered boobs, she could feel a round of shivers coursing through Gladys's spread-eagle legs. She gently rubs and kneads the soft flesh. She liked the feel of the sports bra, stretchy and smooth, adding on to the erotic atmosphere. Keeping Gladys's nipples in between her fingers, she gently pinched her nipples through the material as she kneads her boobs in a circular motion.

"Aww... That's..." moan Gladys as she gets lost in the throes of pleasure. She has never touched herself inappropriately; she never knew what masturbation was even though she knew some of her friends did it themselves. Maybe she just had a low sex drive, as some of them might say, and she has always been alright with that. It was academic performance that she was looking out for and not pleasure nor would anything of a sexual nature, thinking that time would come for her to find out when it is time. But this... this was too much for her. There were just too many sensations coursing through her virgin body right now and she was shivering real badly.

Breaking away from the kiss and leaning back, Fannie looked once again at her prey that was so helplessly in the world of pleasure. The trembles in her wide-spread legs, the half-closed eyes, the heavy breathing and the heaving breasts, she felt the need to give her sacrifice a good time. Yes, that's the word, sacrifice, the lamb on her altar.

With the demeanor of a wild hungry beast, Fannie sprang forward like a vampire and latched her mouth onto her neck, smelling her sweet scent and tasting her sweet perspiration. Gladys could only give in to yet another new sensation, arching her neck and her chest forward to let Fannie kiss her way down towards her bosom.

*Rip!*

In a flash, Fannie had torn Gladys t-shirt in 2, revealing the purple Nike sports bra underneath it. Like a sex crazed animal, she crashed her face into her boobs, sniffing and biting, tasting more of Gladys scent just makes her hornier. She bites and tugs at the lycra smooth material as she continues to knead and squeeze those big jugs. Then tracing the tip of her index finger around Gladys left nipple, she teased the protruding flesh, flicking it occasionally before pinching it, eliciting more moans from Gladys.

"Hot... I feel hot! Touch me Fannie...Touch me..." Gladys mumbled and gyrate her hips upwards.

Gladys skirt is now bunched up around her hips and Fannie could feel the smooth material of her satin panties rubbing against her abdomen. And it was wet, really wet...

In one smooth motion, Fannie used slip her left hand under her sports bra and lifted it up, releasing her breasts topped with 2 quarter sized brown nipples while she used her right hand to pull down her tube top. Jugs to jugs and nipples to nipples, Fannie locked Gladys in a passionate kiss again while using her nipples to rub against those of Gladys, their sweat mixing and lubricating their breasts as they rub against each other.
