 Karen struggles to awake from the deepest sleep of her life. Her head is in a cloud, worse than the worse hang over she has ever experienced. As consciousness slowly returns, memories of an erotic dream start to return to her befuddled mind, dreams of eating pussy. She tries to stand and that's when it hits her. Her arms and legs are tied to the posts of the bed with her nude body forming a giant "X". Her mind comes fully awake as she gets her first smell of old pussy juice on her lips and nose and she violently struggles to free herself.

"Oh Ho, look who's awake, now the fun can really start, it's so much better when they're awake and willing," Karen hears a husky female voice chuckle.

"Don't really need em awake either Sunny, a young female face to grind on is good enough for me! Matter of fact, they don't even need to be that young," Toni smirks, "Just give me a female face to sit on, willing or not, and my cunny is happy."

"That's because you've got no technique Toni, no sense of romance. Me, I like to wine and dine my ladies. Lick them how I want to be licked is my motto. Teach them how to eat a pussy first by eating them. Then when it's your turn, they know what to do."

"All a waste of time Sunny, what do I care if the bitch likes me? All she's got to do is lie there, face up, mouth open wide and say Ah." 

Sunny just shakes her head as she walks into the room, "Just don't know what your missing Toni and that's why you'll never have mine." 

Karen, now fully awake sees two large women enter her bedroom. The one talking, Sunny, looks about 50 years old and is about 5' 8" tall and 175 lbs. She has dirty blond, shoulder length stringy hair and her round chubby body is almost bursting her jeans around the ass and thighs.

Toni is the definition of Butch. Around 30 years old, she's about 5'10" and built like a high school linebacker with Raven black hair. She hides her natural beauty with a constant scowl on her face. Both women are quit busty beneath their shirts, but it's easy to tell that Sunny needs a bra and Toni doesn't. Seeing the two women for the first time brings back memories of how Karen has found herself to be tied up on her own bed.

It all started when Karen went to the junk yard to pick up some rims for her husbands car. She had never been to a junk yard before and didn't want to go now, but Tom had wanted the rims the moment he saw them in the want ads and Karen never could say no to anything he asked of her. To make matters worse, Karen had to take her step daughter Jill with her. It wasn't enough that Jill was a 19 year old, know it all bitch, seven years younger than her, but Jill was also built and dressed like a porn star, Karen thought cattily and that did nothing at all to help the situation. Karen always felt herself comparing herself to her and coming up lacking, especially in the tit department. And now the little slut was waving her tank topped covered tits in the junkyard guys face getting him to lower the price. I could do that too Karen steamed, if I wanted to walk around with two giant melons glued to my chest. The guy was kind of cute though and if he was a little bit older and she wasn't married, she might have even given him her phone number as Jill was doing now. THAT BITCH!

"Come on Jill lets get the rims and get out of here before you catch something," Karen says as she pushes her way past a large older blond woman in very tight jeans.

"Excuse me Honey," The woman says, "I was standing here!"

"Sorry," Karen mumbles under her breath. She is in no mood to be friendly and just wants to get the little slut home before she picks up another stray.

The blond looks angrily after Karen ready to take it further, when she sees the piece of paper with numbers on it in her nephew's hand. She smiles as an idea forms in her head. 

"Johnny, I want you to call up that little lady in an hour or so and tell her she has the wrong rims. Get her address and tell her you'll drop them off later after work. Then give me the address. Got all that?"

"Yes Aunt Sunny, but I was planning on calling her myself."

"You can call her in a couple of days after me and Toni pay them a little visit. That's if she's still interested in what you got to offer her Johnny," Sunny chuckles.

In the Car:

"Do you have to do that every time Jill?"

"Do what Karen?" Jill says with mock innocence.

"Act like a slut and wave your tits in every man's face you meet," Karen seethes consumed with jealousy.

"Wow Karen, I'm sorry that I'm a bit, larger than you and that it upsets you so much," Jill says with a bit too innocent of a tone, "Maybe if you get pregnant they'll get bigger." 

"Just shut up would you Jill! Just be quiet and don't say anything!"

"Whatever you say Karen, I don't want to get you upset and spoil daddies surprise. I keep forgetting how sensitive you get about your breasts."

This is a battle Karen knows she can't win, so she wisely remains quiet the rest of the way home.

A couple of hours later at home Karen is just starting dinner. Jill has flounced into the kitchen a few minutes ago wearing a too small bikini, showing off her breasts, as she heads to the pool. As Karen glares out the kitchen window Jill removes her top and stretches to the sky. Karen can't stop looking at her perfect, very large tits. Thinking how unfair it is that Jill should have breasts like that, when the front door rings. Broken out of her trance, Karen doesn't notice Jill smile at her retreating form has she heads to the front door. Distractedly Karen opens the front door and is confronted by the older blond woman from the junk yard and another black haired woman.

"Can I help," Is all Karen gets out before something is sprayed in her face and she is unconscious until she wakes up on the bed tied up. She remembers these events and wonders where Jill is as the two women reach the bed.

Karen starts to cry when she says, "You, you better let me go, my husbands going to be home any minute and you're going to be in trouble."

"Oh, my, is that so," Sunny holds her hand to her mouth in mock horror, "You don't mean that sleepy gentleman sitting in the chair over there do you?"

Karen now for the first time sees her husband Tom tied up and nude with a gag in his mouth sitting in the chair to her left. His eyes are closed and his head is bobbing on his chest as he is starting to wake up from what ever he was given.

"TOM, are you alright? Wake Up! What have you done to him?"

"Don't worry honey, he just got a bit of what you got but we know he wanted to watch so we were just waiting for him to wake up so we could begin."

"Begin, Begin what? Just take the money and go!"

"Oh we don't want your money sweetie."

"What do you want then?" Karen sobs.

"Shell we show her Toni?"

"Yep Sunny, but lets bring good old Tom closer to the bed so he can watch!"

The two women go to the chair Tom is in and drag it over to about 3 feet from the bed.

"There you go Tommy, but remember no touching, this is lady's night," Sunny chuckles.

The two women now begin to undress. Sunny's large, fat ass spreads out before Karen as she bends over to remove her pants and panties. She has a large round belly with surprisingly very little cellulite any where to be seen. She removes her bra and her huge flattish tits sag all the way to her waist. They are capped by the longest nipples she has ever seen. 

Toni releases her breasts from their bra. They have no sag to them what so ever as they rest majestically on Toni's chest. Her nipples barely stick up at all but are as fat as Sunny's are long. She removes her pants and panties and Karen glimpse's the hairiest pussy she has ever seen surrounded by Toni's strong muscular thighs and hips. Toni wastes no time at all and crawls onto the bed and straddles Karen's face.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Karen screams, "GET THE FUCK OFF Mmmph," Karen's words are drowned out as her face is smothered by Toni's pussy. Karen immediately recognizes the odor she smelled when she first awoke. But before, the smell was stale and rank, now it is clear that this smell, while the same as before is more powerful, fresher and fragrant. Karen thrashes her head left and right trying to escape the pussy that is now blocking the oxygen from reaching her throat. The little air she does get smells of pure wet cunt. Karen is starting to get light headed from lack of air and she can hear her husbands muffled cries coming from the chair, when Toni lifts her pussy off of Karen's face and says,

"If you want to breathe bitch you better behave. I can do it hard or easy, doesn't matter to me. But I don't think you'll like hard too much. So relax and breathe or fight and choke, it's up to you."

Karen's husband's gagged noises are drowned out as Toni's thighs clamp tight around her ears blocking out all sound as her pussy mashes into her face again. At first, Karen struggle as before, but as she slowly loses oxygen she slows her struggles and is rewarded with a lessoning of pressure on her face.

"There you go baby, that's better," Toni says to her, "Now your learning."

With the easing of pressure on her face, Karen is able to take stock of her surroundings. Thick black pubic hair is tickling her cheeks and she can feel a small amount of moisture trickling down her chin. She opens her eyes and looks into Toni's pretty face smiling down at her looking deeply into her eyes. Karen can feel more pubic hair surrounding her nose and upper cheeks and a strand of thick white girlie cum entwined between the hairs by her nose. She can feel Toni's powerful thighs pushing into her ears.

Toni's smile deepens as she starts to rock her pelvis on Karen's face and nose, sliding her pussy up and down Karen's face, from chin to nose with a constant pressure. Karen can hear her husband's struggles as he watches his wife's face being fucked by Toni's pussy. Toni grabs hold of Karen's hair with both hands and rocks a little harder and faster. Karen is actually starting to get use to the rhythm of the pussy grinding on her face when,

"HMMPH," Karen grunts as she feels a moist thick female tongue on her clit for the first time in her life. Karen's whole body tenses up and she is as tight as a rubber band ready to snap as she feels Sunny's tongue begin to message her clit. Her mind is fighting it every step of the way but with each new swipe, each new curl, each new lick of Sunny's tongue, Karen can feel her resistance to the pleasure building in her clit start to crumble. Karen's clit is starting to swell beyond any point it has ever done before and when Sunny finally sucks it into her mouth and begins to milk it with her lips, Karen can feel her walls of resistance crumble to the relentless build up of pleasure in her clit.

"OHMMPH," Karen moans into Toni's pussy, sparking Toni to release fresh strands of cum out her pussy to be smeared onto Karen's face.

"That's it baby. Make me cum. Make me cum all over your face!" Toni cries as she clamps hard onto Karen's head with her thighs and grinds hard and fast onto her face almost breaking her nose. "OH," Toni shivers. OHOOAHHH," Toni cries as she drives Karen's head deep into the mattress as she releases her second cum of the day into Karen's open mouth.

Karen can feel thick gooey gobs of girlie cum first drip, then trickle, then flow like hot magma into her mouth and stick to the back of her throat. The cum is so thick and gooey it triggers her gag reflex as her throat tries to expel it out her mouth. But it has nowhere to go and rebounds back into her throat forcing her to swallow the hot sticky fluid.

Toni trembles the last of her orgasm onto Karen's face, making sure to shake every last drop of cum out into her throat. She rolls off of Karen's face and looks at Tom.

"That's one fine face your wife has Tom. I haven't come like that in awhile. Did you watch me fuck her face with my pussy? Did you see me cum in her mouth Tommy? Oh Ho, I guess you did didn't you, you bad boy."

Toni sees for the first time that Tom has a raging hard on. His dick is so hard the head is an angry purple color and two large veins are almost bursting underneath the skin as it throbs back and forth in his lap. Toni licks some of her own cum off of Karen's face, walks over to Tom and drips it out of her mouth onto his straining erection.

"Leave him alone!" Karen cries. But her heart isn't in it as her own orgasm is just about to be released. As Karen watches, Toni lowers her pouting lips to the head of Tom's engorged cock, looks Karen in the eye and sucks the swollen member deep between her lips.

Karen's orgasm immediately explodes in her clit sending spasms of pleasure through out her body. "AAAAHHH," Karen gurgles as her body thrashes at her bonds in a futile attempt to escape, too who knows where, as Sunny sucks her swollen clit. Her limbs shake out the last of her orgasm as she continues to watch Toni work over the head of Tom's cock.

"My turn now baby," Sunny says as she crawls up to Karen on the bed and looks at her face. "My God Toni, did you see how much cum you dropped on her face?"

Toni removes the thick head from between her lips with a sucking sound, "Sure did Sunny, but guess what? I made the bitch swallow even more and she swallowed it down like the hungry whore she is." Tony returns to sucking Tom's cock making sure not to make him cum.

"I can smell your sweet cum all over her face and mouth Toni," Sunny says as she licks it off her face.

When she finishes licking up Toni's cum, Sunny climbs on top of Karen's face surrounding Karen's head with her thick flabby flesh.

"I think she likes you sucking her man's cock Toni, she came as soon as you gobbled down on it," Sunny says as she now lowers her massive thighs on top of Karen's waiting face.

Toni, afraid Tom is about to cum, releases his head and moves down to his balls, sucking one walnut sized ball deep in her mouth. Poor Tom's need is painful as the nut is pulled this way and that as if Toni were trying to suck the cum through the skin, all the while massaging the ball with her tongue inside her mouth.

"Ok Honey, do like what mama taught you," Sunny says to Karen as her large pussy gently comes in contact with Karen's lips. At first Karen has know idea what she's talking about but when Sunny doesn't grind on her face like Toni did, Karen understands and slowly reaches out her tongue. She hits Sunny's slit with her tongue and immediately feels a warm stickiness on her tongue. Sunny's pussy has a much more subtle womanly smell to it than Toni's. Not over powering but very pleasant. Her sticky cum was not nearly as thick as Toni's and Karen found she actually liked the taste of it as she started to lick the length of her slit scooping up and swallowing more and more cum. Sunny's pussy may not have smelled as strong or tasted as thick but it was much more generous with the cum than Toni's. Every time she traveled down to Sunny's gapping opening, there was more pussy juice for Karen to sample. And it was not long before it was covering all of her face and running down her chin.

As Karen starts to travel up to find Sunny's clit, Toni stops torturing Tom's balls with her mouth and positions her self between Karen's legs.

"Hey Tommy watch what I do to your wife's sweet pussy. She's never gonna want your poor lame dick again when I'm done with her," Karen jumps in surprise as Toni's tongue plows into her wet pussy slurping the cum from deep inside her. Karen could feel her tight pussy sucking at Toni's tongue at the same time it was lacquering it with her cum. Her body, all on its own began to hump on Toni's face as Toni's upper lip found her clit as she was fucked by her tongue.

At this time, Karen's own tongue finds Sunny's clit and starts to lick it. Sunny's clit doubles in size as if it were a tick sucking blood and she begins to roll her hips on Karen's face. Both women are moaning with desire when Toni's hungry excitement is heard as she frantically tries to get as deep into Karen's wet pussy with her tongue as she can. Wiggling her hips as she tries to burro herself deep into Karen's core, Toni pulls her mouth away and pants, "Tom, that's some good pussy your wife has. It's a shame your never going to taste it again because I'm gonna drink it dry!" 

Toni now jams two fingers deep into Karen's pussy pumping it faster and faster until white girlie cum starts to froth around the edges of her gyrating cunt, around Tori's fingers and down to Karen's ass like and alka selzter tab just put into water. Toni's fingers now stop pumping Karen's pussy and hook up in search of her G- Spot. Toni begins to message the inch round patch harder and faster until Karen starts rotating her hips to the swirling motion on her G-Spot. Toni begins to pump her fingers again. This time with them hooked up so they can massage the now swollen G-Spot with each thrust. As Toni goes faster and faster, Karen's G-Spot is enlarging even more so Toni's fingers are now slamming into it.

Karen feels a powerful orgasm building up deep in her pussy but an over whelming urge to pee is building with it. Afraid of the consequences of peeing on Toni, Karen valiantly fights the urge as both pressures continue to build until,

Toni sucks Karen's clit in her mouth.

Karen Screams as loud as she can and her back arches straight up in the air in a powerful orgasm and when it comes back down her orgasm rips through her body from the middle of her back, instantly into her pussy causing her quivering pussy to fire red hot, wave after wave of pussy juice gushing out her cunt, forcing Toni's fingers out of it. Toni quickly replaces her fingers with her mouth feeling the powerful jets of cum slam into the back of her throat as she swallows down all she can of Karen's searing hot love juices. Karen's out of control pussy slows its squirting and then picks it up again until it empties itself into Toni's hungry mouth.

Karen's body jerks out of control during her orgasm and her lips clamp down like a vice on Sunny's clit, triggering Sunny's own orgasm. Sunny's screams join Karen's as Sunny violently humps on Karen's face greedily riding out her orgasm until the cum trickles out her pussy onto Karen's neck. As Karen continues her long quivering orgasm, her lips won't release Sunny's swollen clit and it isn't long before her second orgasm is thundering through her body. Sunny's hands are jerking like an epileptic puppet and shake violently as the new orgasm thrills her entire body to even greater heights. Sated, Sunny with great difficulty manages to free her throbbing clit from between Karen's still clamped shut lips and shimmies forward so Karen can receive her warm pussy juice. Karen's still sucking lips now suck the cum into her mouth.

Karen finally starts to recover from her mind blowing orgasm and no longer cares that she is tied to the bed and has forgotten about her poor husband. All her nerves are firing off in a random pattern causing her body to jerk in all directions. Every time she thinks it is stopping another giant quiver rekindles the shaking. Through a haze she hears Sunny say,

"We have a special Surprise for you Karen for being such a good girl," Sunny nods at Toni and in less than a minute, Toni returns with Jill tied behind her back and totally nude.

"Sunny, I'm thinking, I want this one for myself and you just know her pussy is so sweet."

"Maybe later Toni, but I think I want to see our little cum bucket swallow her step daughters juices."

Toni leads Jill over to the still recovering Karen and just a bit too eagerly Jill now sits on Karen's face so that she is facing Karen's feet. Karen instinctively reaches her tongue towards the source of the now familiar smell of hot pussy. But to her surprise Jill rolls her hips so that Karen's tongue is now massaging Jill s' ass. That bitch did that on purpose, Karen thinks. She wants to stick her ass in my face! Ok we'll see about that! Karen rams her tongue into Jill's ass and starts rimming her out as hard as she can. Driving her tongue deeper and deeper in until Jill's ass is wide open and wantonly humping her tongue. Jill is fucking Karen's tongue with her hips and she feels her special spot in her ass come alive with desire thinking how she is now making that bitch eat her ass.
