 The pretty girl had obviously had too much to drink, and staying upright on her stiletto heels was proving to be a challenge for her. The handcuffs holding her wrists securely behind her back thrust her well formed breasts forward, drawing Lana's eyes like a pair of strong magnets would draw metal.

Bill was leading her carefully by the arm toward the barred gate to the women's holding area of the local jail. She had been brought in for suspicion of driving under the influence after leaving a dinner party at a local hotel. She had assured her concerned friends that she would be fine driving home, but she had likely had two too many, and her erratic driving had quickly captured the attention of the local constabulary.

"She's all yours, Lana," said Bill.

"I'll take good care of her," she replied. Lana unlocked the gate and admitted the petite brunette, locking the gate behind her.

It was quiet, even for a Tuesday evening, and there were no other prisoners in the women's wing this evening. Lana sat the young woman down at her desk and completed the requisite paperwork. She was 23 years old, single, and her name was Jeanette. She had no prior record, but would still be spending the night and most of the next morning, as she would not be arraigned before about 11 AM. Judge Harris seldom showed up to the courtroom any earlier these days.

Lana was bored, so she welcomed the opportunity to have this pretty young woman with her for the night shift. Lana herself was attractive, and nearly 5'9" tall. Her blonde hair cascaded down her shoulders, and although she was 34 years old, she looked no more than 25! Every unmarried deputy, and many of the married ones, had asked her out, but she had turned them all down, saying she preferred not dating anyone with whom she worked. But, the fact was that she really was not terribly interested in men anyway. Being a lesbian in a small town could be difficult, so when she dated women it was always away from the prying eyes of her little community.

Lana completed the intake on Jeanette and led her back to a holding cell. She removed the handcuffs and closed the cell door behind her, rattling the door to make sure it was locked. Although Lana would be able to see directly into Jeanette's cell from her little desk, the cell could not be seen from the gate or the corridor leading up to the gate. It looked like it was going to be a quiet night.

Jeanette appeared to be distraught, understandable as she had never before been arrested, and Lana felt just a bit sorry for her. She had just poured herself a cup of coffee, and then decided to pour one for Jeanette as well. She offered the coffee to Jeanette who eagerly accepted it. The two women began to chat, and Lana pulled a chair up outside of Jeanette's cell door. Lana learned Jeanette was a legal secretary in a larger, nearby community. The dinner party this evening had been for one of the attorneys in the firm who had made partner, and the celebration included several bottles of wine. Jeanette had simply not been paying attention to how much she had been drinking.

As they talked, Lana began to look Jeanette over with more interest. She was attired in a strapless cocktail dress that barely reached to mid thigh. Enough cleavage was showing that Lana was sure the girl was not wearing a bra under the dress, and she dared to imagine what the attractive young woman would look like naked, and in her arms.

The two moved from general conversation to girl talk, and Lana asked Jeanette if she were dating anyone special. Jeanette admitted she was not, and that she was feeling pretty ambivalent, if not down right negative, about men in general. This did not escape Lana's attention, and she began to flirt, just a little bit, with the sexy young woman. To her delight, Jeanette seemed to be returning her interest, and the looks between the two women became more probing and penetrating. Lana moved her chair closer and placed her hand on the bars separating her from Jeanette. It took a minute or two, but Jeanette soon moved closer and placed her hand on Lana's, gently stroking it while telling her how much she appreciated Lana's concern for her. She then lifted Lana's hand to her lips and warmly kissed it. If there had been any doubt about the response to her flirting with Jeanette, it evaporated from Lana's mind at that moment.

The two women stood up almost simultaneously and moved toward each other, their lips meeting between the bars of the cell door. Lana slipped her tongue gently between Jeanette's lips, and felt the girl's tongue responding immediately. Lana was feeling very much aroused, and she decided she just had to have this sexy young woman, and right away.

"You know, Jeanette, I would really love to come in there with you, but I am just not sure that I can take that chance."

Jeanette smiled wantonly. "I guess I might be pretty dangerous at that."

"I have an idea," Lana responded. "Give me a minute."

She walked back to her desk, picked up the phone, and buzzed out to the front desk. "Bill, it's drafty back here tonight. I'm going to close the inner door, so buzz me on the phone if you need me."

"No problem. It seems like not much is going on out there tonight anyway. I doubt you'll have another customer anyway."

Lana closed the door, stuffed a few things into her oversized purse, and walked back to Jeanette's cell. The look on the girl's face got Lana even more excited, as did the plan that was now formulating in her mind.

"Jeanette, I am going to come in there with you, but we are going to have to follow proper protocol for my safety and for yours. Do you understand and agree to that?"

"Yes, I understand."

"Good. Turn your back toward me and back up to the front of the cell. Stretch your left hand out to your side." As Jeanette obeyed, Lana reached through the bars, put one end of handcuffs on her left wrist, and attached the other to the bars. The process was repeated for Jeanette's right wrist, and the girl was now securely attached to the bars of the cell. Lana stepped up behind her and gently, yet passionately, kissed her neck. Jeanette moaned just a bit, and was obviously enjoying Lana's lips.

Lana unlocked the cell and stepped inside with Jeanette. She stood face to face with her, and then leaned forward, kissing her hard on the lips, pressing her body against Jeanette's and forcing her tight against the bars of the cell. Jeanette's response was immediate, her mouth opening cavernously to accept Lana's tongue. Both women were beginning to heat up measurably, and they stood for just a moment, breathing in that aroused way that only passion can evoke.

Lana stepped back, carefully looking up and down the young woman's body, and she liked what she saw. She moved up to Jeanette again, reaching around her back and pulling down the zipper of her dress while passionately kissing her. She slid the dress down over the girl's legs, and carefully hung it up after Jeanette stepped out of it. As Lana had suspected, Jeanette was not wearing a bra, so this left her clad in black panties over a black garter belt and black stockings, all matching the stilettos. Lana removed the panties, but left the stockings, garter belt and heels in place.

Lana moved back to the girl, kissing her neck and then working her way down to the delightful breasts, nipples already standing well out from the dark areoles. She gently kissed both nipples, and then sucked the right nipple hard into her mouth while she gently tugged on the left with her thumb and forefinger, rolling and twisting it as well. Jeanette moaned in utter delight.

Lana switched her mouth over to Jeanette's left nipple, and began using her left hand on the right nipple while her right hand sought out and found Jeanette's cunt. Jeanette spread her legs to facilitate Lana's access, and soon found three of Lana's finger well imbedded into her cunt. Lana continued alternately sucking and twisting Jeanette's nipples while finger-fucking her cunt, and massaging the girl's now swollen clit. Cum was dripping down Jeanette's legs, and an orgasm was beginning to work its way through her lovely body. Her back arched, her hips thrust forward, and she suppressed the need to scream as the orgasm wracked her hard and long.

Lana stepped back and carefully removed all of her own clothing. She stood naked in front of the younger woman. She was feeling high from the power of having control over this woman, and was totally aroused herself. She knew she herself was going to cum before this night was over, and she fought the urge, at least for the time being, to slide her finger between her own legs. But she had a long way to go with this young nymph before she would allow herself that pleasure.

Lana glanced at Jeanette's face, and the expression on her face made it obvious she wanted more! The two again kissed, passionately, Lana pressing her breasts hard into Jeanette's. Sensing Jeanette wanted to return some of her passion, she pulled the chair into the cell and stood on it, allowing her to place her rock hard nipples where Jeanette could reach them with her mouth. She pulled the girl to her breast, and Jeanette immediately began sucking and tonguing the engorged nipple. Lana switched breasts, and by the time Jeanette was done, Lana could feel dampness rising between her own thighs.

Lana stepped down from the chair, went back into her purse, and pulled out a vibrator. Jeanette stared at it wantonly while Lana tested it to make sure it had plenty of battery. She sat in the chair in front of Jeanette, pushed her legs a bit farther apart, and turned on the vibrator. She worked it over Jeanette's stomach and thighs before gently touching it to her clit. She exploded almost immediately, and a second orgasm following the first very quickly.

Lana could wait no longer; so she turned the vibrator to her own clit, thrusting it in and out of her now sopping cunt until she also exploded in orgasm. But rather than bringing any sense of relief, the orgasm just seemed to intensify her need to have this young beauty! An idea popped into her head, and she started the ball rolling by kissing Jeanette hard and saying, "You know I own you for tonight. You are my slave, and if you are a good cunt, you will be rewarded. Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress," she replied.

Lana went to a storage cabinet and found a pair of "leg irons" that were occasionally used to control unruly inmates. She threaded them through the bars in such a way that when she attached them to Jeanette's ankles, her legs would be spread wide open, making her cunt readily available to Lana's whims. She cuffed the girl's ankles, and asked her if she was OK. 

"Yes, mistress, it feels good!"

Lana once again sat in the chair and began toying with the brunette's cunt. She slipped in two fingers, then three and four. Jeanette was thrusting her hips hard against Lana's hand, seeking to drive it even deeper into her soaking wet snatch. Lana now put her thumb at the entrance to Jeanette's cunt, slowly pumping in and out along with the other fingers until she had managed to bury the entire hand into her. Jeanette was beside herself with ecstasy, pushing as hard as she could with her hips against Lana's hand. Lana worked Jeanette's clit with her other hand, and this time Jeanette was unable to contain the scream as wave after wave of orgasm rolled through her delicious body.

Lana removed her hand from the girl's cunt, and unlocked the leg irons so Jeanette could stand more comfortably. She kissed the girl warmly and told her she had been a good slave so far. "But," said Lana, "it is time to punish you and then fuck your brains out."

"Thank you, mistress! I deserve to be punished. Please fuck me!"

Lana unhooked one of Jeanette's wrists and turned her around so she now had her back toward her. She reattached the cuff to the bars of the cell. She came up behind Jeanette and hugged her from the rear, reaching around the front and fondling her breasts while she rotated her own cunt against Jeanette's ass. She then stepped back and to the side and began spanking Jeanette's ass, hard. The girl did not cry out, but Lana could see she was biting her lip to avoid doing so. When Jeanette's ass was bright red, Lana gave her one last hard swat. She then reached into her purse, got out a tube of hand lotion, and rubbed it lovingly into the girl's reddened ass.

"Thank you, mistress. I deserved the spanking. Are you going to fuck me now?"

Lana said nothing but walked back to the storage cabinet and came back carrying a nightstick that was easily two feet long. 

Jeanette's eyes widened, but all she said was, "Please fuck me, mistress. Please shove that cock up my cunt."

Lana positioned herself behind the lovely young ass and positioned the end of the nightstick right at the entrance to the sopping wet cunt. No extra lubrication was needed, despite the fact that the stick was nearly two inches in diameter. She slowly inserted the nightstick into Jeanette's cunt, just an inch at a time until she could get it in no farther. She then slowly began to work it in and out of Jeanette's cunt, bottoming it out, with each stroke. It was nearly five minutes this time before the girl came, although a second orgasm overcame her within 30 seconds of the first. Jeanette was totally spent, but Lana was still randy and in need of relief.

She removed the cuffs from Jeanette's wrists, picked her up and carried her over to the bed in the cell, holding her lovingly, stroking her hair, and kissing her sweetly.

"Mistress, may I make you cum now?" This was what Lana wanted to hear. Jeanette stood up, and Lana fell back on the bed with her hips right at the edge. She spread her legs wide, and Jeanette literally dove into her cunt with her mouth and tongue. She rimmed Lana's asshole, and licked her cunt from one end to the other, shoving her tongue as far as possible into the sopping cavern. Her tongue soon found Lana's clit, and she worked it expertly, bringing Lana to orgasm after orgasm, cum running down her thighs and all over Jeanette's face. It was incredible! They then got into the classic sixty-nine position, eating each other's cunts, enthusiastically, until they had both cum one last time.

They lay together in the bed just holding onto one another until Lana heard the brash ringing of the phone. She ran down to answer it. 

"I've got another guest for you," Bill said," We should have her down there in about five minutes."

"Make it more like ten, will you? I need to use the bathroom."

"No problem."

Lana told Jeanette they would be having company and suggested she get cleaned up and dressed right away. She picked up all of the paraphernalia, kissed Jeanette and apologized for having to lock the cell door again. She put everything away before running back to the restroom to get washed up and dressed before the new prisoner arrived.

The next day, Jeanette appeared before old Judge Harris. She was stunned when he told her that in view of her having no prior record, and her cooperation during her brief confinement, he would dismiss the DWI charge if she would plead guilty to reckless driving. She did do, paid the fine and was released. She left the courtroom and walked out to the parking lot where she found Lana leaning against her car.

"I don't know what to say, but thanks!" said Jeanette. "A drunk driving conviction might have cost me a lot of money, not to mention my job."

"I hope you learned your lesson," chided Lana. "I'd just hate to have to punish you again!"

Jeanette smiled. "I wouldn't hate it."

They agreed to meet for dinner on Friday night. Out of town, of course.