 I met Dania 2 years ago on a website I joined to meet new people. She was one of the first ones I met on there, and I found out she lived close by me. We would chat everyday, one day we were talking and Dania confided in me that she was bi-curious. At first I was a little shocked, because she did not seem like the type. Don't get me wrong Dania is very pretty, she has shoulder length blonde hair, brown eyes, and a amazing body. I just could not imagine her with another female. When I found out she was bi-curious I have to admit I was a little excited, I had also been curious, and now I was thinking about how it would be to be with Dania. I was wondering how it would feel to touch her body with my lips, to take in the sweet aroma of her perfume, and to drink on her sweet juices.

I never told Dania about how I felt, because at the time I was too scared to try and be with another female. So for years whenever I went over to Dania's house, it was so hard for me to look at her, and not want her. I was always thinking about how it would be if the two of us could do something, and I would get my chance to be with her. I always had a hard time focusing, because I would look at her, and see her naked body. I went over to her house many times, and it was always the same, me trying to keep from kissing her. Trying to keep my hands off of her.

Then a couple days ago we were talking, and she once again told me that she was bi-curious. Dania had forgotten she had told me. In a way it was funny, because Dania thought she was going to shock me by telling me she was bi-curious, but I was the one who shocked her by telling her I was the same way. She had told me that she was looking for some one to do this with, she even went on a site, and found a female. They had been chatting for a while now, and planned on meeting, but Dania was not sure about it. She wanted to be with some one she knew, and knew she could trust. I kept trying to drop hints that I wanted to be the one she did this with, but she was just not getting my hints. I finally told her, "Hun you're not getting it! I want to be the one you do this with."

It was quiet for a few minutes, then I heard her say, "Really?"

"Yes really! You said you wanted to do this with some one you can trust. We have been best friends for years now, and I think we can trust each other. Besides I have been thinking about this for years now."

"Oh Nickie I had no idea! Why didn't you tell me?"

"Well at the time I was scared to find out how it would be to be with another female, but every time I was at your house, all I could do was think of being with you."

A few days later Dania asked me to come spend a few days with her while her husband was out of town. We had not seen each other in about a year, so I was excited about spending time with her. I was also thinking maybe her and I could fulfill our dream of being with another female.

When I get there, Dania had on a pair of shorts, and a low cut tank top. I had forgotten just how good Dania looked. My pussy was already getting that tingling feeling. I so wanted to just push her up against the wall, and start kissing her. Then pull her shorts down, and begin to lick that clit of hers. Slide three fingers in her sweet little pussy.

Dania caught me off guard as she pulled me close to her, and kissed me. Her lips were so soft, and tasted good. Almost like a combination of strawberries, and peaches.

Dania released me, turned around, and walked towards the spare bedroom. As she walked into the spare bedroom to show me where I would be sleeping, all I could do is think about all the things I was going to try with her tonight. I knew I so wanted to taste her pussy, and would be trying to do that tonight, for sure.

After we put my stuff in the spare room, we went into the kitchen, so we could get dinner started. Dania bent over to put a pan in the oven, I wanted to reach over, and slap her ass. By now, my pussy was throbbing, and I could already feel wetness in my panties. I then thought to myself, "If she does not make the first move tonight, I sure in the hell will."

While dinner was cooking, Dania and I went into the living room. She sat in her recliner, and I sat on the couch. We were sitting there watching a movie, but I could not pay attention to the movie, all I could do was to think about how bad I wanted to go over there, and eat her pussy. I could not take it any longer, I needed to taste that pussy. I got up, walked over to her, got down on my knees, pulled her to the edge of the recliner, and started to pull her shorts off. She went to say something, but I put my fingers over her lips, and said, "Hush Dania! Just sit there, and enjoy."

She nodded her head, as to say she understood me. I slid her shorts down, spread her legs apart, and gently licked her clit. Oh, she tasted so good. I had remembered that Dania had told me that her boyfriend, Matt just bought her a new toy. So I asked her where it was, then I went, and got it.

When I came back, I got back down on my knees, then I gently rubbed the rabbit (her new toy) up against her clit. I thought she was going to come up out of the recliner. She moaned a little, as her body began to shake. Her breathing was getting more rapid. She kept running her fingers through her hair, and saying, Oh god! Nickie that feels good."

Dania had seen nothing yet, I was just beginning. I slid the rabbit from her clit down into her pussy. I pumped it in and out of her. Each time I would shove it in, she would moan. Hearing her moan was really turning me on. I loved hearing her moan. I fucked her pussy harder and harder. While I am pounding her pussy, I begin to lick and suck her clit again. This time I could taste her juices, and they were amazing. She is now thrusting her pussy up and down, as she pushes my face deeper into her pussy. I sucked on her clit for a while, then I got up, pulled her up, and kissed her. I wanted her to taste her own juices. I shoved my tongue in her mouth, so she could really taste her juices. I then take her into her room, and tell her to lay down on the bed. I had her lay at the top of the bed, so I could tie her to the headboard.

Dania let me know that she had some scarves in her top drawer. So I went over, got them, then I went back over to the bed. I took her right hand, tied it up. Next I reach over, and tied her left hand up. I then went to the end of the bed, spread her legs apart, and laid between them. Then I reached up, spread those luscious pussy lips apart, and just looked at that amazing clit. I could not wait to just devour it. I was beginning to feel like a lion that has not eaten in days, and has just spotted a antelope in the distance. I was ready to go in for the kill, I ran my tongue from the bottom part of her pussy up to her clit, then I sucked her clit into my mouth. I could feel my own pussy getting wetter, as I continued to suck on her clit. I used my right hand to hold open Dania's pussy lips, while I reached down, and started to rub my own clit. Every now and then I would reach up, and make Dania lick my juices off my fingers.

My body was now shaking, I knew I needed to feel Dania licking and sucking my clit. I stood up, crawled on the bed with her, and straddle her face. I wanted to feel her eating my pussy, while I fucked hers. I had brought the rabbit in with us, and now was rubbing it against her clit. I could feel the vibration of her moaning on my clit. Dania's tongue felt like a vibrator on my clit, each time she would moan. It did not take very long before I was cuming so hard. My body was convulsing, my clit was throbbing, my breathing was real heavy, then all of a sudden I squirted all my juices into Dania's mouth. Even though I just came like I had never before, and was totally exhausted, I did not stop sucking on her clit, I wanted to get a mouthful of Dania's juices. I started to pound her pussy with my fingers, and sucked harder on her clit.

I looked up at her, and said, "Cum for me babe! Let me taste your sweet juices. You taste so good babe! Oh please give me those juices."

Dania started to moan louder, she was pushing her hips into me, making my fingers go deeper into her. I could feel her pussy tighten around my fingers, and knew it would not be long before I got to taste her sweet juices. A few seconds later, I hear Dania scream out, "Oh fuck!"

Then I feel a gush of juices coming out of her. I pulled my fingers out, and shoved my tongue down there. I wanted to lick up all her juices. She was dripping wet, her juices ran down the side of her leg, so I licked it up too. I could not get enough of her juices, they were intoxicating. Once I knew I got every drop, I rolled off her, and untied her.

Then I bent down kissed her, and said, "Dam that was amazing! Babe you have a wonderful pussy, and you sure do know how to eat pussy. Especially for some one who has never done it before."

I leaned down, kissed her again, and asked if she needed a smoke. She just laughed, and said, "Hell I need more than a smoke after that. I think I need some oxygen. You wore me out!"

"Babe your not done yet. We have not tried the shower out yet. I want to get you in the shower, and wash you from head to toe."

Dania got a mysterious look on her face, then she smiled real big. I was wondering just what she was thinking about. I asked her, but she just smiled, and said, "Nothing!"

"Ok fine, be that way!" I told her.

Dania grabbed a hold of me, led me to the bathroom, and turned the shower on. She then turned around, looked at me, and kissed me. As she was kissing me, she ran her hand down my chest, and pinched my nipple. When she pinched my nipple, it sent shock waves down to my clit. I could not wait to get in the shower with her. Dania checked to check the temperature of the water, then she climbed in. As I climbed in with her, she pushed me up against the wall, and kissed me. Dania took hold of my wrists, put them up against the wall above my head.

Then she began to kiss my neck, stopping to nibble on my ear here and there. Dania was now licking her way down to my nipple. Once she reached my now erect nipple, she ran her tongue all over it. My clit began to pulsate, and my knees got weak. If it had not been for her holding me up, I would have hit the floor for sure. Just the feeling of Dania's tongue touching my skin, made me lose all control of my body. I was numb all over, and my breathing was labored. Dania sucked my nipple into her mouth. At that moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

"Oh Dania!" Was all I could manage to get out.

I wanted to tell her how good it felt, and beg her not to stop. The only words I could manage to get together was Oh Dania and Oh God. It seemed like I had also lost all control of my mind too, I could not think, I could hardly say a word. It was amazing how just her touch had surrendered me helpless. Dania was now sucking my other nipple. While she sucked it, she reached down, and slapped my pussy. The sting from the slap sent shock waves through out my body.

I finally had to lean against the wall before I fell to the ground. Dania slapped my pussy again, and again. Each time she would slap it harder and harder. Here I was suppose to take care of Dania in the shower, she was the one taking care of me. In just a few minutes, she had taken over my whole body. I was like putty in her hands.

Dania released my arms, they fell to my side, and my body just went limp. Before I knew it, Dania was putting her hands on my hips, and spreading my pussy lips with her thumbs. She bent down, ran her tongue from my ass up to my clit, and then she bit my clit. Dania bit and pulled on my clit, like a shark chewing it's prey. Then she reached around, and slapped my ass. I felt the burning as her hand touched my ass. She slapped it again, and again. Dania kept slapping my ass until she saw that is was beat red. She then told me to turn so my back was facing her. As I was turning around, I could feel something against my ass. I was not sure what it was, because it sure did not feel like Dania's fingers. I heard Dania say, "Bend over for me babe!"

As I was bending over, I could feel Dania slowly slide something into my ass. At first it hurt, but the deeper it went, the better it felt. Just when I was finally relaxed with the vibrator in my ass, she rammed a vibrator in my pussy. I jumped, and let out a little squeal. Dania asked me if I was ok, and I told her I was great. She continued to fuck my ass and my pussy with the vibrators, taking turns pumping one in and out. I had to lean up against the wall, I was unable to stand on my own.

All of a sudden I was feeling a feeling that I had never felt before. I was beginning to feel dizzy, my head was spinning, and I thought I was going to pass out. Then I got this sudden urge to cum as hard as I could. I braced myself against the wall, let out a loud moan, and said, "Oh Dania I am going to cum!"

Before I could get all the words out of my mouth, I felt this never ending stream of juices flowing out of me. When I got done cumming, I fell against the wall. Dania literally had to hold me up, my body turned into jell-o, and I could not breath. She stood up, turned me around, looked at me, and asked, "Babe are you okay? You don't look too good."

"Oh babe, I am more than okay. I have to be honest, that was fucking amazing. I have never felt that way before."

Dania just laughed, then she grabbed me, kissed me, and said, "Babe I love you! I am so glad I decided to do this with you."

I looked at her, and said, "Babe so am I, but next time we need to make sure we have some oxygen handy."

She just smiled, and laughed at me.