 Sarah felt herself being pulled away from her friends into another room. She didn't know why she went so easily but a strange voice inside of her head told her to go. She felt uncomfortable being around these lesbians from the way that she was dressed and feared that it would encourage them to try something.

She was wearing a tight pink crop top that barely covered her breasts and had one of the four buttons undone to make her breasts more visible. Her breasts were the perfect size to attract men she thought and anything larger than her 34 DD or smaller would take away from her overall beauty.

She loved her large breasts and how she could use them to control men. She was also wearing a short black skirt and only wore it to show off her sexy legs. She knew by showing off her body like this that men wouldn't be able to resist her and with her flaming red hair, none did. 

The girl that had a hold of her hand was Mexican and had a nice fit body. She thought that the girl was cute but could never admit that to anyone. It would be too shameful for her to say out loud that she thought a lesbian was cute. It wasn't because she could never admit another girl was pretty and has more to do with the girl being a lesbian. She feared that it would come off as if she was gay herself and didn't want to be labeled a lesbian.

Sarah often found herself attracted to women but never in a way that she wanted sex from them. She found that the female body was just as beautiful as men but with men, she wanted to do more than look at them. Out of all of her friends, she was the most risque and adventurous when it came to sex.

She wasn't afraid to do things and performed oral sex on a guy that she just met that night in the bathroom. She didn't dress this way to play nice and thought the guy was hot. She was young and wanted to be wild while she still had the chance to. 

The girl that was leading her deeper into the house was wearing a black criss-cross halter top and brown twill shorts. This girl wasn't the only one that Sarah found was cute in this house and thought that the woman who let them in was very attracted. She let herself have a few glances at the girl ass that was leading her away and wished that her butt was that round.

The only encounter that she ever had with a girl was when she was in her late teens and was practicing kissing with a friend of hers. She only did it to be a better kisser for the boys and she didn't want to go any further than that but she did enjoy those kisses. She only started dating when she went to college and found out most of the guy that she kissed wasn't too good at it. They were sloppy and at times they were too rough. The kiss that her friend gave her was so soft and tender that no man kiss could equal it. 

Sarah just turned twenty-one and that was the reason for the trip that led them here. Angel was only three months younger than her and she wasn't allowed to be in a bar but decided to go out dancing instead. She could have left her behind but she was too good of a friend to ditch her like that. It is not like that she never had a drink before and it was just legal now.

The place that they found did play some great music and the guys there were all over her. She spent most of the time dancing and snuck into the bathroom with of them. The night was perfect until they had car trouble in the middle of nowhere and now she is here.

Sarah liked holding this girl's hand and how soft it felt. Guys hands are usually rough and at times unpleasant to be touched by. The girl took her to the area of the house where a party was going on and the music there was at the perfect volume. Lots of men's parties that she went to, played music too loud and made her head hurt.

There was a dance floor with few women dancing provocatively with each other and a bar with few tables near it. It looked more like a barroom than a room in a house and the room was packed full of women. She was surrounded by lesbians and felt naked all of a sudden. Some of them were looking at her with bedroom eyes and other just stared at her midriff licking their lips. She worked hard on her body every day to keep it in shape, but now from all the attention that she was getting was wishing that she wore something less revealing. 

The bartender had her black hair in a ponytail and Sarah thought that the girl was very attractive but couldn't help herself by being captured by the girl beauty. The top few buttons on the bartender's shirt were undone and revealing a lustful cleavage. She was washing the bar off with a towel and Sarah couldn't stop looking at her breasts.

The way the bartender's breasts were pressing hard against her nearly open shirt and gave the impression that it could pop out any second. Sarah doubted that the girl was wearing a bra and saw enough of her breasts to think so. She knew that bartenders sometimes dressed sexy to get better tips and she was showing enough of her breasts to ensured a week worth of tips in one night. 

Sarah was led right to the bar and tried not to keep staring at the girl's breasts. She was powerless to look away and felt bewitched by how beautiful the girl's breasts were. She admired women beauty from time to time but never this close and feared it would give off the wrong impression.

The last time that she saw breasts that had affected her like this was last week when she was in college. She was talking with her professor and when the professor bent over her desk to find her paper but ended up flashing her. Ms. Anderson was wearing a loose shirt and it opened up exposing her breasts to her. She was in her late thirties and looked too proper to have a wild side to her. She wasn't wearing a bra and one of her breasts had a piercing in it.

She was shocked to see that her teacher wasn't as proper as she once thought and wonder what else was the girl hiding. The professor's breasts weren't big as hers and was a little bigger than a handful but were still nice to look at. She couldn't stop looking at her professor's breasts and only stop because she moved out of view.

"Let get something to drink and by the way I am Regina. Tina here is a really good bartender and she can make you anything that you want," Regina said with a slight Hispanic accent.

"I can give you anything that you want and like a Screaming Orgasm or a Sex On The Beach," Tina said flirting sexually with Sarah. 

Sarah felt stunned by her action and didn't know what to say or do. She never had a girl so boldly flirt with her like that and didn't know how to handle it. She was so taken back from her action that she didn't realize that Tina was staring at her breasts and felt her face turned red from embarrassment.

She was expecting something but nothing that bold or to the point. She expected that kind of action from men and was asked by a guy once if the carpet matches her drapes but coming from a woman it was a little unsettling. 

"I will just have a glass of wine," Sarah said feeling uncomfortable and avoided eyes contact with Tina.

"Are you sure that I can't interest you in an orgasm," Tina teased flirtatiously. 

"No, a wine will be fine," Sarah said nervously.

"I am only playing, sugar, and I could tell that you were straight when I first saw you. Sorry, but I get a kick out of making straight people squirm and show that we woman can be sexual too. I will not live my life by a man's point of view of how I should act," Tina replied with a smile. 

Sarah was on her second glass of wine when she started to relax some and found that she rather like Tina. She kept flirting with her and she didn't mind anymore after she realizing it was part of her personality. It was in her nature to flirt and she overlooked it. She kept her hands to herself in which she appreciated but she had noticed that Tina's eyes wandered to her cleavage a few times. She didn't mind that she was looking as long as she didn't go any further and it was the wine that was helping her to be ok with it.

Sarah found that Regina was also a delight to talk to and was funny at times. They were in a deep conversation when two girls came to the bar ordering some shots. One was a blonde girl named Julia that looked around sixteen with pigtails but she was actually nineteen and looked like a younger version of Emily Browning. She wore a short plaid skirt and a white blouse that made her looked like a Catholic school girl.

Sarah thought that she looked a little too innocent to be here but she knew that looks can be deceiving. The other girl was Samantha, who had short brown hair and looked like a cute guy that she once dated. Samantha wore a T-shirt of a band that Sarah never heard of before and blue jeans. For a brief moment, she found herself attracted to her before pushing it away and focusing on something else. 

They were friendly and wanted Sarah to join them in drinking in some shots. Sarah didn't think that there would be any problem that would come from it and joined them. They down a few and were having a good time laughing. She drank enough to make her a little drunk and drinking too much can make her a little wild.

Alcohol let her open up to do things that she normally wouldn't do and the last time she had a threesome with two guys at a party. She can get naughty and a little freaky. She blamed her parents for her wild behavior for not letting her date growing up and now that she was free wanted to experience everything.

The last three years were spent doing what she had missed during high school and the alcohol let out her sexual side that she had to ignore growing up. Sober, she wasn't as adventurous to do crazy sexual things but when she was drunk her inner slut came out. She did things sober before but there were limits to them and nothing too out there.

Sarah didn't think being a slut was a bad thing and found it could be freeing at times. Sober, she thought too much about the risk and drunk she just did things. Women were often shamed for liking sex and she would never let herself be told what to do with her body. She doesn't need anything to drink to have sex and it just that alcohol let her do things without thinking about it.

The threesome was a perfect example of it and she let herself be filmed by one of the guys while she was blowing him as his friend was pounding her from behind. If she was sober she would fear that it would end up on the net and demanded that he would stop filming but she just got more into sucking his dick. Only when she was drunk would she have sex with more than one guy or flash them. 

"Let have some fun while we drink and would anyone like to play risk poker?" Samantha asked with enthusiasm.

"What is risk poker?" Sarah asked with some interest.

"It is a combination of truth or dare and strip poker. When betting you write down a dare, truth, or to strip on some paper and put it in a pile on the table. The one with the lowest hand must do whatever is drawn or answer the truth question by the winner. Getting a dare or the truth is just like the game but you don't get a choice and is done blindly. A strip is the winner choice of what is taken off and it must be only one thing," Samantha explaining the rules with some excitement.

Sarah had drunk enough that her wild side was kicking in and could be easily talked into doing something crazy. She thought the game sound fun and naughty. She wasn't thinking clearly and just thought it was some girls fooling around. She was too drunk to care if she ended up having to show her boobs and it was the risk of playing with lesbians that excited her. She liked the idea of them lusting after her so she agreed to play the game. Julia, Regina, and even Tina agreed to play too. 

Tina grabbed a deck of cards, some paper, pens, and a bottle of rum from underneath the bar. They found a table near the corner of the room and poured some rum into glasses that Samantha carry over from the bar. Sarah was halfway done with her rum when they started the game and was feeling her inner slut wanting to come out.

The game started off a little slow with minor dares and a few truths. Tina was the first to lose and was asked about her first time with a girl. She said she was eighteen and was at a sleepover with her friends and her best friend Rachel was sleeping next to her. She went on to tell them how Rachel slipped underneath her covers and went into detail how she started fingering her as she was sleeping.

Waking up, she did not understand at first what was happening. She bit down on her lips and didn't want her friend to know that she was awake. She was too scared to do anything and it was feeling too good to stop. She let her friend have her way with her and ended with Rachel eating her pussy as everyone slept. Sarah could almost see it and felt herself becoming a little excited from the story. 

Samantha lost next and was dared to kiss everyone playing the game. Sarah's heart was pounding hard in her chest and felt some panic after hearing the dare. With each girl that she kissed was turning Sarah fear into excitement and each kiss was more erotic to watch than the last.

When it came to be her turn to be kissed she found that she was looking forward to it and closed her eyes but she just got a peck on her cheek. She felt herself getting a little upset over not being kissed like the other girls and couldn't stop about thinking of being kissed by one of them. 

The kiss brought back memories of her friend Monica from high school and how they would practice kissing. She could still feel how her lips felt and how her tongue that tastes like cherry popsicle moving around in her mouth. Feeling the heat of body against her own and how her body reacted to it.

Sarah shook her head, trying to knock those thoughts lose and didn't know why she was turning an innocent experience sexual. She realized that it must be the alcohol as she gets more sexual while she is drinking. She was drunk and was feeling great but not to the point of being out of control. 

Sarah lost the next hand and was asked if she ever kissed a girl before. Alcohol didn't just make her more sexual but it also made her truthful and removed the filter in her brain that kept her from saying too much. She told them everything and few things that she shouldn't.

She told them about Monica and how her parents told her that she couldn't date. They wanted her to focus on school and boys would distract her too much. She told Monica how embarrassing it would be having to kiss a guy and to be bad at it. High school was the place where you learned stuff like that and not when you are in college.

She explained that Monica talked her into giving her a few lessons and it was okay because girls do this all the time. Monica kept saying that she was doing better but she needed more lessons. She didn't mind and confessed that she got wet a few times from her kisses.

Realizing what she let slip out made her face turned red from embarrassment and felt a little naughty for saying it. She didn't regret saying it and rather found it was exciting that she did. The whole thing was turning her on and wonder if she should make something up to tease these girls with, but decided against it.

She was feeling a need to be kissed and watching more kissing dares on the other girls was driving her crazy. She was at the stage of being drunk where she would be up to do things that she wouldn't do when sober. She was this drunk when those two guys wanted a threesome and it was the next day that she regretted her actions. 

She finally got a dare to kiss Regina and she didn't hold back. she slipped her tongue into her mouth and tasted the rum. She took her time kissing her and only stopped when she was ordered by the other girls that the time was up. Sarah got another kissing dare but this time it was with Tina and she was more adventurous with her hands. It wasn't until she got back to her seat before she noticed that Tina had undone a button on her shirt. 

Thinking about what Tina did was making her want to be naughty and tease her. She thought that Tina would never get beyond just kissing her, so she decided to undo another button on her shirt to tease her. That left only one button on her shirt and it was making her breasts more visible.

She could feel the last button was barely resisting the pressure to pop off and she pushed her breasts forward to increase the risk of it happening. She found the idea of that happening exciting and almost wish that it would. The black lacy bra that she wore was no longer hidden and could be seen sticking out.

Sarah found that it was amusing that Tina kept her eyes glued to her breasts and lost a few hands because of it. She was the first one at the table that had to strip and have to remove her shirt. She could see that her first thought about Tina being braless was right when her small pink nipples came into view and they were hard as little bullets. Sarah couldn't turn away and kept staring at Tina's breasts. 

"How do you like this pair?" Tina said as she arched her back and pushed her breasts forward

Sarah felt the blood rush to her face and felt foolish for falling into the same trap that she set for Tina. Tina was talking about both her breasts and her hand of cards. Tina flirted a lot and almost everything she said was sexual in some nature. She had a paired of kings and queen that gave her that round but for being distracted by her breasts, Sarah lost. Tina smiled, reading the dare and Sarah knew that she was in trouble now.

The dare would test her limits and she wouldn't have done it sober but all the girls here was thankful that she wasn't. She was feeling a little randy and at this point, she had gone too far to stop. She liked playing this game and figure that she could walk away at any time that she wished.

"I dare you to walk over to the dance floor and dance seductively with two girls of your choice," Tina said with a cocky grin. 

Feeling great and fearless she walked over to some girls before sliding between them. It surprised her in how easy it was for her to do that dare and the pleasure that she was getting from it. She was swaying her body against a girl while moving her body up and down.

Things soon heated up as they started to respond to her by gliding their hands all over her body. The second girl pressed her body against Sarah and kissed her. The girl behind Sarah grabbed her breasts and pulled back on her top until the last button popped off.

Swaying her body, she lowered herself as her hands were sliding down Sarah's body and down her legs. When she came up again she guided one hand under Sarah's skirt and started rubbing her pussy through her panties. The second girl just kept on kissing Sarah and slid her hands in her shirt to undo Sarah's bra.

Sarah didn't foresee this happening and thought it would be some harmless fun but it was becoming too sexual. She felt her bra loosen as the girl unhook it and pulled it down enough for one of her nipples to pop out. The girl broke off her kiss with her and started sucking on her nipple. These girls were giving Sarah pleasure that she never knew before and was putting up no fight. Sarah got lost in their touches and was moaning in ecstasy. They pulled away from her laughing and she felt confused. 

"That should teach you for trying to cut in without asking," The first girl said before moving to another end of the dance floor with her girlfriend.

Sarah walked back to the table feeling sexually frustrated and a little confused on what just happened. She didn't care that her shirt was open or her bra was hanging loosely on her. She could feel the air on her stiff nipple that was still wet from the girl saliva and the wetness between her legs. She didn't care that the girls were looking at her with lust-filled eyes or that she went too far this time but she felt a need to cum. She never felt so good being touch before and wanted it to go on.
