 Lucy couldn't believe who grabbed her hand and was leading her away from her friends. It was Amanda Ashbrooke a model that has been on the cover of magazines and have been on the runway a few times. She wasn't as big as Tyra Banks or Kate Upton but she was a rising star in the modeling industry. She made the sports illustrated swimsuit calendars twice and model for the world-famous fashion photographer Raina Dupont.

Raina Dupont was so big in the modeling industry that appearing in something that she was doing could give a model instant fame. Amanda was a no-name model until Raina found her and now everybody was wanting her. The Rolling Stone magazine did an article on her fast-growing fame and they even had her on the cover of it. Lucy framed it and had it hanging on her wall as a reminder that dreams can come true.

Lucy wanted to be a fashion model and would do anything to be one. She had some modeling jobs before but they were only for catalogs and nothing like what Amanda was doing. She was surprised to see her here and couldn't believe that she was gay. It shouldn't have surprised her really since it wasn't uncommon to find gays within the modeling world. She still loved this woman and didn't care that she was into women sexually.

While outside with her friends she acted like she thought gays were gross but she was just playing along. She never had any courage to expressed her true belief and went along with the crowd. She never had any interests in the same sex but didn't really care if someone else did. She had better things to focus on like her modeling career.

Lucy had a little secret that she was afraid to tell her friends about that wasn't really all that bad. During one of her last photo shoots for a lingerie catalog that she did ended up befriending a fellow model that was gay. She was really nice and was more respectful than some straight people that she knew. She was attending college but not the same one that Lucy was going to and needed help with a class project.

The model she befriended was named Mary and learned that she was taking photography classes. She was needing another model for an art piece that she was doing and assured her that only the teacher will see them. Lucy posed for some nude shots with another girl but they were done in a tasteful way and it never got sexual.

Keeping their friendship a secret because Mary was gay made Lucy feel guilty and ashamed of herself. Lucy cared too much about her image and was afraid of becoming an outcast. College was different from high school in many ways but popularity was still

important and being in the right crowd have their benefits. She feared what her friends would do if they found out that she was more liberal than them.

In high school, Lucy wasn't the most popular kid but her best friend was. She even dated the quarterback and lost her virginity to him in the back seat of his car. She followed the crowd and went along with things that she thought were wrong for popularity sake. She sacrificed her identity to be part of the in-crowd and she was still doing that today.

Lucy wanted to speak her mind more but she was too much of a follower. She didn't want to rock the boat too much and risked losing it all. Just like her friends she was too wrapped up in society views to truly know her friends. None of them really shared a bad view against gays and was responding in the way that they thought they should. They were raised to think it was bad but deep down they knew being gay was ok.

*******

The house also has the power to clone anyone from a person mind to help seduced them. Amanda never even step a foot into or around this house to be cloned. She wasn't a lesbian either and was too hung up on men to even try it. The house has the power to look into a person mind to see the truth about them and found out that most people would experiment with the same sex if the circumstance were right. It was the social views on it that kept some from ever trying to experiment with it.

*******

Lucy never had a one night stand and wasn't as easy as some men wanted her to be. She had a sweet angel like appearance to her but in the bedroom, she can be a little freaky. She liked sex just as much as her friend Sarah did but her legs never open just as easily. She had more control over herself when she was drunk but understood why Sarah didn't. The more control a parent put on their daughter the wilder they can become and she knew that Sarah was forced to live a puritan life as a teen.

Amanda led Lucy into a room full of women drinking champagne and was wearing elegant dresses. Lucy felt like that she just walked into a high-end party and felt underdressed. She always wore good clothes but even good clothes can be bad on the wrong occasion. She was dressed for a night out with friends and not for a party like this.

Even Amanda was wearing a nice elegant dress and looked flawless in it. She looked more beautiful in person than she did in those magazines. She was wearing a white evening dress that had a slit that ran down her left leg. When she walked the slit would open up revealing her sexy smooth leg. She wonders if the rest of her body was just as perfect and she figures that it was. 

Lucy sat on a couch with Amanda and a pretty blonde girl offered them a glass of champagne. She started to wonder if she could use this chance encounter in her favor to advance her modeling career. She didn't want to come on too strong scaring her away and ruining her chances in meeting Raina Dupont but she didn't want to be a crude person either.

Using Amanda for her gain didn't sit right with her but she didn't think it would hurt to mention that she was an inspiring model. She truly wanted to be friends with Amanda but was hoping that she would pass her name along to Raina. Even if that never happens at least she got to meet someone that she idealized for so long now.

Lucy couldn't believe that she was in the same room with Amanda Ashbrooke and wanted to ask her so many questions. Lucy was too excited to think of anything good to say and drank some champagne while sharing minor conversation with her. She was overwhelmed with the idea that she could reach out and touch her but thought against it because fearing it would give the wrong impression.

Lucy had long flowing brown hair that she likes to keep parted on one side and her crystal blue eyes were the first thing people noticed about her. She had decent size breasts but wouldn't mind if they were a little bigger. She knew that she looked good naked but she still wished that she look more like Amanda. She was convinced if her breasts were a little bigger or her butt rounder like Amanda she would have been noticed by a modeling agency by now.

Amanda was a little taller than Lucy with long beautiful blonde hair and eyes as blue as diamonds. They were bewitching to look into and Lucy felt herself being pulled into them. Lucy thought Amanda would fit in perfectly in that Baywatch show in how her body was shaped. She thought God must have broken the mold with her and no one was as perfect as she was.

"What is your name?"

"I am Lucy and it is an honor to meet you."

"No Lucy, it is an honor for me to meet someone of such beauty as yourself. You would make an amazing model and I should know. I have been around plenty of models but only a few have all the right shapes and curves as you do," Amanda said sincerely while looking into Lucy's eyes and lightly touching her arm.

Amanda went on appraising her beauty and knew if a guy spoke to her like that would have scored a date with her. Lucy never heard such kind words from anyone before and thought it was amazing that it was coming from someone like Amanda. Things that Lucy was being told made her feel amazing and put a big smile on her face.

Lucy felt her face flushed bright red from the comments and could feel butterflies flying around in her stomach. When their eyes locked back on to each other she started to have a strange feeling stirring within her and couldn't break away from her gaze. She felt a really intense tingling feeling in her stomach and it shocked her when she realized just what was happening.

Amanda was hitting on her and somehow it was working on her. She felt her heart starting to race and her body perspiring. She couldn't understand how a woman was having this effect on her when she was straight. Her body was showing all the signs that she was being turned on by Amanda action. Lucy never reacted in this way before to a girl and felt confused by it.

Amanda spoke in the right tone and her eyes were hypnotic. It was like she was looking into her soul knowing just what to say and perform it perfectly. Lucy was afraid because she knew if Amanda has tried to kiss her in that state she would've kiss back. She was trying to gain back some control but she fell deeper into chaos.

"I want to be a model...well, I have modeled for some catalogs but they don't really count...they do count but I mean a model like you," Lucy ramble on in her confusion and loss of control.

Amanda just smiled laying her hand on Lucy's knee and started moving closer to her. Lucy's heart started beating so fast that she could have danced to the beat. Lucy thought that Amanda was moving in for a kiss and feared that she wouldn't stop it because part of her was wanting it to happen. Amanda stopped a few inches from her face staring into her eyes and smiled.

"I got a great idea and you are going to love it. Why don't you come back to my room and I will get you prepared to meet Raina Dupont. I got a dress that you will look great in and know that she will love you. What do you say?"

*******

Amanda would have liked to kiss her but didn't want to rush things. She could see in the girl's eyes that she was interested but could tell that this was new to her. From her experience most people were bi and some were too brainwashed to realize it. People are too black and white with their thinking to see that there is a different shade to sexuality.

*******

Lucy was both relieved and disappointed in not getting a kiss. She was confused over the whole thing and couldn't explain it. She didn't have any interested in being with a woman but her body was open to the idea. She only had one explanation that barely made any sense to her and that she had some bisexual tendencies bury deep within her. The more she thought about it the more it made her doubt everything.

She knew that she always thought that women were beautiful but now she wondered was that because she was attracted to them. The more she thought about it the more it scared her and wondered if her admiration for Amanda had some sexual elements to it. She pushed those thoughts away because she couldn't handle that to be the truth and clung to the illusion that she was fully straight.

Lucy had everything set the way that she wanted it to be and discovering another side to her that could destroy everything scared her. It was easier to pretend that someone didn't make her see a part of herself that was hidden. Hearing Amanda comment helped her pushed those unsettling thoughts aside for now and focus on what she said. She was excited that Amanda was offering her a chance on making her dreams come true.

"Raina Dupont is here?" Lucy asked in surprised disbelief.

"Yes, she is and she is looking for a new model. I could introduce you to her if you want?"

"Yes! I would like that very much," Lucy said shaking from excitement.

"Raina has the tendency to be too much for some models and for it to work you must give up complete control to her."

"I want this more than anything and will do whatever it takes to be a model for her."

*******

Amanda gave Lucy a warm smile thinking of how much she would like to raise her hand further up her leg but knew it was too soon for that. The girl was looking too good in her mini skirt and she wanted to do bad things to her. Lucy wasn't ready to come to the term about her bisexual side just yet and moving too fast could scare her away. She knew in time and a little coercing that she will be begging for her touch.

*******

"Raina doesn't like to hear the word no and it would be in your best interest not to question her wisdom. She knows just what she wants in a shoot and if you follow her instructions smoothly she will keep you around. You don't have to worry about doing any shoot tonight but I would still avoid saying no on any other requests that she may give you."

Lucy listened to Amanda instructions and began to mentally prepared herself for the encounter with Raina. She didn't worry too much since her innocent mind didn't see anything bad that could come from it. She never has any problems following the photographer instructions before and will do whatever Raina wanted.

"When you do meet her don't say anything bad in how she greets you. She is French and can be sensitive about her culture being ridicule. It may be a little strange to us Americans but it is a common thing there. The chances for a model to be hired by her is in how well dressed that she is and lucky for you I got a perfect dress for you."

*******

Amanda led Lucy into her room planning on having a little fun with her before introducing her to Raina. The girl didn't know what she was in for and knew Raina was a successful predator of women. After Raina devoured her she will have what is rest and will savor the girl juices. She could seduce the girl herself but she got off from watching other doing it. 

"Let do some test photos before I get you in that dress but only if it is okay with you?"

"No, that will be fine and I can show you just what I got," Lucy replied feeling unsure where this was going.

Amanda pulled out a digital camera from a desk and started giving Lucy instructions. Lucy made different poses for each one and did everything that she was told her to do. Amanda wanted to see how far that she could take this and decided to pushed Lucy into an uncomfortable area to see if she would resist. If she did would skip her fun short for now and start again after this angel has fallen.

"I want to try some sexy photos now and I want you to unbutton your shirts some. Just the top three will do for now and raise your skirt up a little higher. That is it!"

Lucy was obeying without question and Amanda took more photos of her. The longer the test photo shoot went on the more erotic it became. She talked Lucy out of her skirt and to unbutton her the rest of the way. After some sexier poses around the room and she didn't seem to mind in how provocative that they were.

*******

Lucy knew models at times did shoots like this before and figure this was a test. Amanda didn't say that she would test her but people often do to see how well you perform. She wanted to proved that she can follow instructions and go with whatever the photographer envision. It is not like she never done a photo shoot in her undergarments before and wore far more revealing ones in some of those catalogs she poses for.

Lucy was told to lay on the bed and that Amanda wanted to set her body in the right position for the final shot. She was instructed to raise both of her arms over her head in a sexy way and relax as the rest will be done by her. Lucy wasn't prepared for what Amanda had in mind and was caught unaware.

Lucy felt her heartbeat increased from the excitement that she felt from Amanda's hands touching her flesh when rearranging her shirt. She made her black lace bra was fully visible and brought back some of those scary feelings that she had earlier. She wanted Amanda to kiss her and keep on touching her.

She was fighting against those feelings and wanted her old self back in control. She tried to picture men she liked in exotic ways to keep herself from thinking impure thoughts about Amanda but it made things worst. She was turning herself on more and was intensifying the power of Amanda's touches.

*******

Amanda grabbed Lucy's panties and slid them off. Her nose detected a faint scent of a girl arousal and nothing smell so sweet to her. She fought against the urge to take this girl now because she knew a pussy was like a stew and tasted best when you let it simmer in its own juices for a while. She was pleased that girl wasn't fighting her and knew her resistance was breaking down.

*******

Lucy held her breath as her panties were pulled down and couldn't believe that she was letting it happen. She watched as Amanda was removing her shoes and how her hands were touching her legs. Didn't know why she did it but she spread her legs apart to Amanda as if something inside her was saying I am yours for the taking.

She felt embarrassed when Amanda closed them and twisted her legs to one side. She saw now what she was doing and felt like a fool for feeling the way that she was. Amanda was just making the shot look more exotic but she was letting herself be turned on by it. She felt that she was being unprofessional and need to get control over herself before she blew her one chance to get her dreams to come true.

Amanda was being professional about this while she was lusting after her. Lucy started to think that Amanda wasn't really into her and it was all in her imagination. She blamed being star struck and stuck at a lesbian party that was messing with her head. It was making her feel feeling that wasn't really her own. It wasn't really true but it was something that she can accept besides having bi-tendencies.

She wanted to run from this house before it consumes her with unwanted desires but in doing so she would surrender her dreams. After regaining some control of herself refusing to run away when her dream was in arms reach now and posed one last time for Amanda. She hardens herself from feeling anything and prepared herself to block those feeling if they dare to rise again. 

******* 

"You did very well and passed your first test. If you do that with Raina you will have no problem with her. I am proud of you in how you handle yourself and how well you followed my instructions."

Amanda glance at Lucy for a moment seeing the girl was putting up some resistance to her but that wouldn't matter after meeting Raina. No girl could last long around her if they have an ounce of lesbian attraction in them and had the talent to draw it out of them. Raina knew just how to break down any girl resistances and accept their hidden desires.

The dress that Amanda picked out for Lucy would have been too much for some women to wear but had a hunch that Lucy wouldn't reject it. She knew the only reason this girl was going deeper down the rabbit hole was for her modeling dream to become a reality. There were plenty of famous people that got their career started by being on their knees and the real Amanda did just that.

Amanda didn't sleep with Raina but she did suck a guy dick for a modeling job. She never regretted it since it was the job that got her noticed by Raina. She could see that Lucy was just like her in that regard and would trade her virtue in for her dream. Lucy desire for fame was making her vulnerable and open to being tricked into doing some sinful deeds.

*******

Lucy rose from the bed to look at the dress and didn't even try to hide her nudity. The modeling jobs that she has done in the past helped her be more comfortable with being nude around people. She has been at shoots where she has to change around a few girls in a room while all of them were getting in and out of lingerie. She learned to block out that she was nude and stay calm while baring it all.

"Here is your dress but you will not need any undergarments for it. It was designed to be worn without any to make the woman more alluring. This dress is what Raina is going to use in her next show but if this is too much for you then we can always call it quits," Amanda told Lucy sincerely while hiding devilish intent.
