 Summary: Birthday girl is seduced by teenager at Broadway show.

Note 1: Thanks to Elizabeth for inspiring the story with her own experience at a theatrical production that triggered this story.

Note 2: In 2015, thanks to goamz86, Robert and Wayne for editing. In early 2019, thanks to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish.

Note 3: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th B'day (late summer, last weekend before her beginning college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (summer between sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (summer job after college)

*****

Bree's Prologue:

After being dommed by my Mom and doing a couple additional aggressive seductions of MILFs, Mom suggested I try to seduce someone without being overly aggressive, just using my looks and aura. At first, I thought the idea wasn't really me; I liked to take control, to be verbal, yet I obeyed my mother, who was training me in the fine art of seduction.

Fortuitously, a few days after this suggestion, the perfect opportunity presented itself.

For this seduction, I wasn't going to be verbally aggressive, I wasn't going to be a domme, I was going to be a true seductress.

That said, I'll let my adorable new pet tell the story in her own words.

...

Elizabeth's Special 30th Birthday

Now before I start my story of how I ended up on my knees in the bathroom of a Broadway theatre, I need to explain something about myself...

I... am... a... squirter.

I mean I come so hard and release so much wetness that I immediately need to guzzle something to rehydrate myself.

It's always been like this.

Since I first started getting myself off.

I thought something was wrong with me at first, but eventually I accepted that I just come more boisterously than most women.

I also never wear panties (well, other than when it's that time of month). I do this not because I'm a slut, but for two very different reasons:

1. I like the liberating feeling of it... I enjoy (in a chuckling up my sleeve kind of way) knowing that my co-workers (I work as an administrative assistant), my friends and my family have no idea that under my cute, usually conservative appearance, my pussy is shaved and I'm completely commando.

2. I hated the few times I frigged myself while I was super horny or was being fingered by a guy and I came hard in my panties... it felt like I'd pissed myself (which I did once in college) and I hated that feeling. I'd rather just gush my orgasm out and then clean the splatters off of my legs and feet. Plus, when I do let a guy romance me down below, I love the look of surprise on his face when he realizes I've been commando the entire evening... men are so easy to impress!

Liking the girl next door look I still have, even at thirty, I also only wear thigh high stockings or garters and stockings... originally for the same reason I don't wear panties (cum flooding my pantyhose isn't a very nice feeling either). But I learned that many men love the sexiness of stockings, and men's approval or not, it just made me feel sexy to wear sexy stockings.

Plus, the rare time I met a guy and just needed to be fucked then and there, it was very convenient. Just flip up my skirt and off we went.

Anyway, enough about my background. This story is about how I was seduced and taken by a much younger woman while attending a professional showing of The Book of Mormon.

On my thirtieth birthday, knowing that I loved musicals, my boyfriend Ronnie took me out for dinner at a five-star restaurant and then to the musical, one that I particularly loved. (I know he was trying to get back in my good books, having broken up with me for the third time a few months ago and having just grovelled his way back into my life a couple of weeks earlier.) That said, I loved him. I hated him quite often as well, and the constant tension in that love-hate relationship had kept me from moving on like I should have done many times.

On the contrary, for being such a sweetheart tonight, he was going to get very lucky once we got back to my place.

For the special occasion, I wore a black and white dress, with stockings and a garter (something I only wore for very special occasions), and a black lace bra that enhanced my already very nice 36C breasts. I even wore three-inch open toe heels (my boyfriend loves red painted toenails in nylons... a strange fetish, but rather an easy one to indulge), something I rarely wore... hating how much heels killed my feet and ankles.

Of course, I was also sans panties... as usual.

A couple of glasses of wine at the restaurant, another before the theatre doors opened, and I was quite tipsy as we made our way to our seats in the second balcony.

The balcony had only eight seats, and we were the first to sit down. I whispered, as I settled my hand firmly on his dick, "I'm going to let you do something very special to me tonight."

He groaned, "Tonight is all about you."

"And I want to do something special with you," I returned, dripping with sultriness.

"If you insist," he shrugged, knowing that wine was usually the entrance cue for the wild and kinky me.

"I'd love to suck your cock right here," I purred. "Would you like that?"

"God, yes," he groaned, as I rubbed his cock through his dress pants.

"Or maybe straddle you right here and ride your cock," I continued, enjoying to tease him, "I'm wearing a garter for you tonight."

"Shit," he groaned, just as a mother and daughter sat beside me.

They were both dressed elegantly and when I looked up to see the teenager, I couldn't believe how much she looked like Simone.

Simone... my one and only lesbian encounter... someone I hadn't thought about in a long, long time.

I was a junior in college and was attending a frat party with a couple of my friends when I was introduced to several members of the girls' cheerleading dance team.

One girl was named Simone and we started chatting, our two hometowns being just a few miles from each other. We chatted about the new outlet mall being built, the places we shopped, and so forth while drinking some rather potent punch. As soon as I finished one drink, she gave me another.

Soon I had a pretty good buzz going and the room was very hot, and I unbuttoned the top two buttons of my blouse and fanned myself. I didn't even remotely mean this to be a hint of interest in her, but she took it that way... although I didn't know that at the time. I even added, accidently implying interest, "It's so hot in here. I need some fresh air."

Simone took my hand and led me outside to the side deck.

I felt an odd chill go up my back at her touch, and once we were outside I noticed she wasn't wearing a bra, and I could see her hard nipples through her lightweight beige blouse. I didn't realize I was doing it, but I was staring at them.

Before I even knew it, she took my hand she was already holding and placed it on her breast.

I couldn't believe this was happening.

Simone was a senior, a year beyond me.

Simone was easily one of the most beautiful women I'd ever seen.

Simone's breast was so firm.

Completely drawn to her, like a moth to a flame, I used my other hand to cup her other breast.

"Have you ever been with a girl?" she asked.

It must have been obvious. I was cupping her breasts like a teenage boy touching some for the first time. "No," I admitted, as I continued to stare at her breasts, barely concealed by her thin blouse.

She leaned in and kissed me. I saw fireworks in my head as this was the softest, most tender kiss I'd ever experienced. Her tongue parted my lips and explored my mouth, and mine reciprocated. I was completely intoxicated with her, and my pussy was leaking.

I forgot I was at a frat party, I forgot that anyone could see me kissing a girl, and I just allowed myself to be transported completely by the moment.

As our tongues sparred inside each other's mouths, I felt her hand go under my skirt and directly to my very damp pussy.

"No panties, you naughty girl," she purred, as her finger slid inside my heated cunt.

"Ooooooooh," I moaned, in shock and awe of what was happening.

She kept kissing me while she fingered me. I was moaning into her mouth, my body responding with unbridled lust.

She broke the kiss, gazed into my eyes and urged, "Come for me, Elizabeth."

Her finger found the g-spot I wasn't sure I had until that moment and I screamed, "Oh God!"

My body exploded, and my cum flooded out of my cunt like a broken dam.

"A squirter," she said softly, as she kept tapping on my clit.

"Oh God," I repeated, as I braced a hand on her shoulder to hold myself up, my legs feeling like jelly as all my energy was usurped from me by her masterful touch.

"You look so cute when you come," she complimented.

"Thanks," I whimpered, barely able to do anything but try to breathe.

She looked down and smiled, "You created a pretty big puddle."

"Sorry," I whispered, embarrassed by Exhibit A.

"Never apologize for getting off, sexy," she said, kissing me again.

I again melted into her touch until a few seconds later she again broke the kiss and ordered, "Come with me," even as my orgasm continued to tremble through me and I continued to feel cum flowing down my legs.

At this moment, I would have followed her anywhere... although even walking at all after the most intense orgasm of my life was very challenging.

She took my hand with the hand that included the finger that had been inside me, and led me away from the frat house and into a grove of large trees.

We stopped in a secluded spot, and she ordered, "Take off my blouse."

I was completely intoxicated by her beauty and utterly under her spell. I didn't consider myself a lesbian or even bi, but at this moment I was whatever she wanted me to be.

My hands trembled as I began unbuttoning her blouse. Once it was completely open, her breasts now free, she ordered softly, "Go ahead, Elizabeth, suck on my tits."

I didn't need to be invited twice, and I leaned forward and took her left nipple in my mouth as I cupped the other breast. I was in awe, the entire situation completely surreal.

I swirled my tongue around her hard nipple and bit it playfully, before replicating the attention on her other breast.

"That's so good, Elizabeth," she purred. After a moment she ordered, "On your knees, sexy."

I'd been told to do that many times, but never by a girl. I lowered myself to my knees and watched with eager anticipation as she pulled her skirt off. She too wasn't wearing any panties and I was now staring at her beautiful, glistening, shaved, pouting pussy.

I felt her pussy was calling my name.

Simone sat down on the grass, lay back, spread her legs and offered, "Go on, Elizabeth, lick me."

"I-I-I've never done this before," I stammered, not that I didn't want to, I desperately did. I just didn't want to disappoint her.

"Now don't be shy sexy, I know you'll be a natural," she purred, her voice so tender and alluring.

I crawled between her tanned legs, moved my head to her inviting pussy, extended my tongue and began licking.

Her cunt tasted so sweet, unlike what I'd imagined, especially considering how most men bitch about the taste of eating pussy (yet they expect us ladies to suck cock at the drop of a hat).

I wanted more of her taste; I wanted to fuck her pussy with my tongue. I tried to use my tongue as a small cock. I struggled at first, but I eventually got my tongue a short distance inside her small tight hole.

"Finger me too, Elizabeth," she ordered, her moans soft and sexy.

I moved my tongue to her swollen labia as I slid a finger inside her. I searched for her g-spot, not something I had any experience in finding, while flicking on her clit.

"That's it, your tongue feels so good," she moaned, as her hands went to the back of my head.

I didn't find her g-spot, but I was making her moan.

She grabbed my head and began grinding her cunt all over my face. I pulled my finger out and focused on licking while she literally fucked my face.

She soon screamed, "Yesssssss," and I received my first female cum facial.

I lapped up her juices, which were as sweet as the punch that had gotten me intoxicated enough to participate in this exhilarating interlude.

Unfortunately, even though we got together a couple more times, it was never as thrilling as the first time, and eventually I began dating a football player, a relationship that lasted a couple of years... never again tasting the sweet nectar of a woman.

Yet, for the first time in eight years, I was now drawn to a woman... well, a girl... she couldn't be more than eighteen or nineteen.

I watched her in Deja vu awe as if I were again a junior in college.

She was wearing a blue dress so short that when she sat down, I could see almost the entire tops of her thigh high stockings. I'd a few years ago become a stockings addict because of Ronnie and his obsession with them, and I'd come to see them as a great accessory for my outfits, as well as accentuating my best asset, my legs.

I was almost drunk enough to comment on her hosiery choice, but she looked barely eighteen and I was thirty years old today... she could only see such almost cross-generational flirtation as creepy.

She was also wearing five-inch heels and I couldn't help but wonder how she didn't kill herself in them.

She noticed my staring at her legs and heels so I quickly turned away, which only made my interest more obvious.

Until the curtain rose, I tried to focus on my sweet boyfriend who was giving me a great thirtieth birthday celebration.

Yet the temptation to look at this intriguing teenager was overwhelming.

Ronnie asked, "So, are you enjoying your thirtieth birthday?"

"It's the best thirtieth party I've ever had," I replied playfully.

As he chatted, I tried to focus on his words, but I couldn't get Simone out of my head, nor tonight's teenage lookalike.

I mean sure, on occasion I saw a beautiful woman, usually younger, and gushed a little as I remembered the exhilarating rush of my sexual submission to Simone... yet fantasy and the past never tended to become today's reality.

That said, fantasy wise, I nevertheless do have a lot of kinky fantasies that are on my sexual bucket list:

1. To be taken by a well-hung black man.

2. To be gangbanged by a group of well-hung black guys.

3. A night with a transsexual. A girl with a dick is such a turn-on (I like dick too much ever to completely cross over to the other side).

4. To be triple teamed with three cocks all pounding away at once is fun to imagine.

5. To be the cocksucker for an entire team (preferably a football team, with so many players and therefore so much cock) and having it morph into a bukkake (I do love the feeling of cum spraying on my face... a slutty kink at variance with my wholesome girl-next-door look).

There are others, but to summarize, my fantasy life is far more interesting than my actual life.

I took a couple more glances at the girl before the musical started, but she didn't seem to notice as she chatted with her mom. Yet, having her right leg crossed over her left gave me a very good look at the top of one of her thigh high stockings. Plus, her bodice didn't remotely conceal her firm, perky breasts.

I could feel my pussy getting tingly and was worried I would gush in these extravagant seats (maybe I should have worn at least a thong, or even more effective, a large absorbent beach towel to sit on... nah!).

I couldn't remember feeling this giddy around another woman in years, and she didn't have any clue what impact she was having on me.

She was easily one of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen, somehow mixing a natural innocence with a powerful persona... and this latter trait I picked up on without even speaking with her. She just exuded a confidence in her look and dress... again a similar vibe to Simone all those years ago.

I was curious to know if her eyes were blue like mine. Her blonde hair was in a bun, which allowed her to showcase her facial features... which were utterly flawless... just like Simone's.

As the lights went down, I turned my attention to the stage. I love musicals, having seen many including Phantom of the Opera, Miss Saigon, Guys and Dolls, Jesus Christ Superstar, and Grease... just to name a few. But The Book of Mormon was my favourite... and this was the third time I'd seen it.

I tried to focus on the show, my right hand in my boyfriend's left, but it was a struggle. My past, my single lesbian tryst, kept playing through my head.

The teen sitting beside me, (was she even eighteen?) only enhanced my inability to focus as she continually kept shifting in her seat, crossing her legs and even playing with the hem of her dress and rubbing her nylon-clad legs.

I took a plethora of glances at her, particularly every time she changed positions. When she began rubbing her leg, I stared at her hands, her fingernails painted purple (curious whether her toes were a matching colour), and her sexy legs.

I tried to pull my eyes away from her hypnotic movements but couldn't, even as they broke out into one of my favourite songs, 'Turn it Off.'

As the musical continued, she continued to draw me in. I tried to focus on the plot, the humour and the dance numbers, but I continued to be drawn to her legs encased in nylons.

It being dark in the balcony, I assumed she couldn't tell I was staring, drooling and leaking over her, but when I heard her heel hit the ground, I watched as she moved her stocking-clad foot to the balcony rail and answered my question, she had indeed painted her toenails the same unique purple. Her feet in the dark mocha colour were sexy and I couldn't stop staring, no longer even feigning interest in the musical comedy that I loved.
