 Summary: Lonely, horny bakery owner is drawn into lesbian submission.

Note 1: Thanks to Jedd for inspiring the story.

Note 2: In 2016, thanks to Robert, goamz86, Sophia and Wayne for editing this story. In early 2019, thanks to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish.

Note 3: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th B'day (late summer, last weekend before her beginning college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (summer between sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (summer job after college)

*****

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery

BREE:

After the successful seductions of Katherine's mom Nadine, and my black neighbour Ms. Myers, I was addicted to seduction and wanted to push the envelope by attempting to seduce a complete stranger... here is that story, told in the words of the slut I seduced.

LEANNE:

I sighed as I brought a tray of fresh donuts to the counter. I felt all of my forty years after working twelve straight twelve-hour shifts. I'd barely seen my two boys the past two weeks, and when I did, I was too exhausted to do much with them. If it weren't for my Mom being willing to look after them for long hours and sometimes even days at a time, I don't know what I would have done.

This was all The Bastard's fault.

My parents had never liked my husband. Said he wasn't trustworthy. They encouraged me to keep separate bank accounts. After all, they had owned the bakery before selling it to me for a dollar when they retired. (Yes, for a dollar. My folks are the salt of the earth!) I had balked at the idea of separate finances at first, but thankfully I'd listened when they changed tack and suggested I have a separate business account just in case something happened to my husband. Joint accounts could be tied up indefinitely, and a prolonged lack of access to my bakery funds could cause potential disaster to the business.

Something happened to him all right. The prick cleaned out all our joint accounts when he ran off with a younger skank. I mean it's one thing to leave your spouse, but what kind of asshole leaves two preschool boys behind and takes all the money?

So, by working twelve-hour days, and with the help of my parents, I was able to maintain my normal lifestyle as I fought in court for the ripped off funds, alimony and child support from my deadbeat husband.

My business was successful, and thankfully I'd kept all its profits (less the salary I'd paid myself, unfortunately) in the business account my parents had insisted I keep. That way, I could still indulge in my one remaining luxury: fine clothing.

The bakery was downtown in the business district, and I wanted to fit into the high-flying lifestyle of the rich and famous, so I at least kept up appearances through professional, sexy, designer dresses and shoes. Though the recent stress may have faded my youthful glow a bit, the hard work made my body the envy of girls half my age. In short, this wasn't your neighborhood bakery where the lady baker wore a tall white hat and white clothing, my shop looked more like a bistro, with elegant décor and small tables for dining on gourmet pastries and other baked goods. And in a nod to my one bit of naughtiness, I always wore fine silk thigh highs beneath my professional business attire.

Not that anyone ever got to see what was underneath. The workload had really taken over my life, and I hadn't been on a date since The Bastard left. There had been flirtations at work, and my lawyer was definitely interested in me, but I refused to be tempted by that juicy apple until the divorce was final. I sure didn't want a potential indiscretion with my lawyer to be turned against me by my conniving husband.

So I was lacking any real sex, and my fingers and my vibrator were no longer satisfying me. I was increasingly horny, and that was beginning to be a major distraction to me both at work and at home. I needed this divorce done soon, so I could fuck the hell out of my lawyer, or any other man I wanted. And so I could afford to cut back from these exhausting twelve-hour shifts! I was in full control of the company funds, but I wanted my own money back! But that would be in an untouchable limbo until there was a court settlement. Sigh.

The only bright note in all this was that my husband couldn't touch the contested funds either. Yay judge!

I was drawn out of my semi-depression by the cheery 'ping' announcing a customer. Two young ladies, late teens, early twenties perhaps, walked in, giggling.

"Hello, may I help you?" I asked, trying not to yawn, knowing there were still five more interminable hours before closing time.

The brunette stood demurely, twisting the ends of her hair, which I thought was odd.

The blonde, who was clearly the leader of the two, said with a flirtatious smile, "I was looking for something sweet, and it seems I've found it."

"Well, this is the finest bakery in town. I have donuts, eclairs, cookies... well, here's a menu. Let me know when you've made your choice," I said, not accustomed to having teenagers in the shop.

"Oh, I think I know what I want," the blonde said as she stared into my eyes, as if hitting on me, "I'll have a chocolate eclair."

I ignored the thought she was flirting with me, as I asked the other girl, "And for you, miss?"

The brunette didn't speak. Instead, the blonde spoke for her. "Oh, I told her she may have her dessert later," her eyes never breaking contact with mine.

That was odd, but I placed the chocolate eclair on a paper doily atop a small plate and handed it to the blonde.

The brunette took it as the blonde paid me.

"Enjoy," I said, like I always did. My baked goods were the best in the city, and usually after someone had come here once, they returned again and again.

"Oh, I plan to," the blonde said ominously.

Curious about the relationship between the two strangers, I watched them go to a table at the back. I went into the kitchen to check on the buns in the oven and decided it was time to pull them out. After buttering them, I let them sit and returned to the front.

I checked on the teens and saw that the brunette was sitting on the blonde's lap, feeding her the eclair.

This was an elegant bakery in the heart of downtown. While I had no problem having two teenagers in my shop dressed a little too slutty for midday, I certainly didn't want them creating a scene in my establishment.

I walked over to them and asked frostily, "What are you two young ladies doing?"

The blonde looked up at me and explained matter-of-factly, "My pet is feeding me."

"Your what?" I asked, hearing her, but not believing what I heard.

The blonde explained, "My pet. She's serving me now, and later she'll get her dessert."

Perturbed, and not wanting anything scandalous going on in my shop, I said, "I don't know what you two are up to, but you need to leave now!"

The blonde smiled, "Are you sure? You might like to watch this."

Maybe it was the months without sex, or the fact that these girls reminded me of a sexy scene from the movie '9½ Weeks', but although I didn't want to admit it openly, there was something erotic about watching the one girl feeding the other. Though the fact that it was two girls dampened the effect for me a bit.

Speaking of damp, I thought I could feel myself getting that way. Are you kidding me? I thought to myself. These two silly girls needed to go, and I seriously need to get laid soon!

"Out!" I ordered firmly, "And before you come back, learn some manners."

"We'll certainly be back," the blonde grinned. She added, looking at me, "There are sweets yet for you to sample."

I shook my head, thinking the girl had misspoken in her silliness, "I'm the one with the best bakery in town, I don't need to sample someone else's sweets."

"Let's go, my pet," the blonde ordered with a devious smile.

"Yes, Mistress," the brunette replied subserviently.

I couldn't believe it as I watched the submissive interactions. I had been submissive to my husband, loving the feeling of letting go and just doing as I was told. I loved sex and I loved having my boundaries pushed. My first time anal, my first time being fisted, and my one and only threesome while in Mexico with my ex-husband, all were acts done in obedience to him. All were things I wasn't interested in originally, yet all three brought me intense pleasure and satisfying orgasms once I shut off my moral code, just obeyed, and experienced the complete freedom of becoming a complete slut for a night.

Man, did I need to be a slut for a night... or for an entire weekend.

I watched them leave before returning to my work, the after-work rush about an hour away. I tried to ignore the tingling in my pussy for now, knowing I'd be using my vibrator tonight.

...

That evening, it was about six minutes to closing time after an excruciatingly long, busy day, when I heard the ping and sighed. I just wanted to go home.

I asked, not even looking up, "May I help you?"

"We're back," a feminine voice said.

I looked up and saw the same two girls from earlier in the day... this time dressed in even sluttier outfits, as if they were about to go out clubbing. Man, when was the last time I went out clubbing? I thought to myself. Tired, and wanting to go home, I warned, "I hope you girls aren't back for more shenanigans. It's been a long day, and I'm about to close."

"No, no," the blonde said, shaking her head, "Katherine can have her dessert now."

Katherine, I thought, then for some reason, I wonder what the saucy one's name is. She seems like a Brittany or an Amber.

"OK, what will you have tonight?" I asked, hoping they would just purchase their items and leave.

The blonde said, as she looked at the selection, "Well, I would have liked a raspberry donut, but I don't see any on display. Are there any in the back?"

I knew there were some in the kitchen and I nodded, as I turned to Katherine and asked, "Sure, and for you?"

"Oh, she'll have something a little later," the blonde said, again speaking for the other teen.

I took the money and said, "All right, I'll be just a minute."

"No hurry," the blonde said.

I thought to myself, Oh yes, there is indeed a hurry. I want you two out of here ASAP so I can close up and go home.

It took me a minute to grab the donut, as they were already stored away for the night, and when I returned, I saw that the blonde was sitting at a table by herself. I handed her the donut on the plate and doily and said, "Here you go, ma'am."

"Ma'am, I like that," the blonde smiled.

I sighed quietly. "I really should lock the door. Will there be anything else?"

The blonde surprised me by saying, "Oh, no worries, Kat already locked it for us."

I wondered why she would have locked the door, or when, and why for us, especially when I realized she wasn't anywhere in sight. I asked, "Where's your friend?" I thought she wanted some dessert."

"Oh, she's having her dessert right now," the blonde replied, her tone dripping with innuendo.

Annoyed, hating when people brought their own food, or worse yet another restaurant's food, into my establishment, I said, "Well, she really shouldn't have taken something herself. And she needs permission to bring in any outside food."

With a loud and obnoxious moan, the blonde exhaled, "Oh, she has permission, all right."

I sighed again... this time making it more dramatic and obvious. I thought to myself, as I went to check on the door even though she'd said it was locked, Something isn't right. Where's the other girl? They'd better not be trying to shoplift. I'm not in the mood right now for stupid juvenile pranks.

The door was locked, and the Open sign had been switched off as well. This annoyed me even more. How dare they close my shop for me? Who do they think they are?

I returned to the table to threaten them. "So help me, if I catch you two..."

I froze mid-sentence.

I had found Katherine.

She was on her knees with her head under the blonde's skirt, which was pushed up high enough to see the top of the thigh highs she was wearing.

While I couldn't see the oral services Kat was performing, the movement and sounds left no doubt that the brunette was licking the blonde's vagina.

"What the hell are you doing?" I finally demanded, stunned by what I was witnessing, shocked by the gall of the two.

"Katherine is having her dessert. I told you she wanted to eat it in here tonight," the blonde answered matter-of-factly while taking a bite out of the donut.

"She can't do that in here! Someone could come in and see," I said, frazzled and trying to stay in control.

"Why can't she? We locked the door," the blonde replied calmly before adding, "Or would you rather it was you instead of her under the table? I can easily arrange that." She snapped her fingers and Katherine crawled out from between her legs and looked up at me, her face moist with juices that weren't saliva.

Strangely, I couldn't deny that I was getting aroused just like this afternoon, despite the hedonistic act these two had just been engaged in. Fuck! I really need to get laid if these two young sluts are turning me on! Trying to maintain some decorum and hide my erotic excitement, I shouted, "Get out! And don't come back!"

"Are you sure?" the blonde asked, with that annoying smirk again.

"Now!" I demanded firmly, shocked by the nerve of this brazen teen.

"I think we'll let you think about it. We'll be back another night, and next time you can get the tasty treat," the blonde said, standing up.

"Leave!" I screamed, furious.

Once they'd gone, I felt I'd soiled my panties. My voyeuristic witnessing of their act had turned me on.

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I need cock... now! 

Deciding I needed to come, and now, I went into the kitchen, slid my fingers into my panties and began to rub my pussy furiously. My fingers not being enough, I reached for a wooden mixing spoon, pulled my panties to the side and slid the spoon end inside me.

I closed my eyes and began pumping the spoon, wishing it was a cock. My orgasm was building quickly when I was startled again.

"You couldn't even wait until you got home," a voice said.

I froze.

I opened my eyes and saw that the blonde was in my kitchen. Her phone was in her hand and she was filming me.

"Get out!" I demanded, furious that she was violating my space and filming my shame, as I tried to pull the spoon out of myself. Unfortunately, I had it at an awkward angle, and I couldn't get it out right away.

"You sure?" she asked, amused. "I would think you wouldn't want this video to go viral."

I pulled the spoon out and snapped, "You're blackmailing me?"

She shrugged, as she hiked herself onto a table, "Call it what you wish. I prefer to think of it as hastening the inevitable."

"Excuse me?"

"Why were you fucking yourself with a spoon?"

"That is none of your fucking business," I snapped, not wishing this bitch to manipulate me.

"Isn't it?" she asked, all sing-song.

I wanted to slap that smug smile off her face. I walked over to her and said, "No, it isn't. Now give me that phone."

"Look, slut," she began.

"Don't you dare call me a slut," I said, venom on my tongue.

"Knees, slut," she ordered.

"Excuse me?" I questioned, more stunned by the order than by the fact that she'd ignored my demand not to call me a slut.

"It was a rather simple order, Leanne," she said. "Knees! Now!"

"How dare you!" I said, shocked by her pretentious diva attitude, even as my pussy tingled.

She remained stoic in the face of my anger, and casually raised her skirt to reveal a shaved pussy. "Go ahead, my pet. Have your just dessert."

"You wish," I scoffed, even though I couldn't take my eyes off her hairless, glistening pussy.

"Your words say no, but your eyes and body say yes," she said, still seated on the table, spreading her legs slightly further.

"This is ridiculous," I said, leaning forward to reach for her phone.

Pulling her hand out of my reach, her tone got serious as she said, "This is getting old quickly. Either get down on your knees and eat my cunt like we both know you want to, or leave me alone, and I'll have Katherine finish the job."

"Where is she?" I asked.

"Don't worry about her," she said, as she grabbed my head and shoved it into her pussy.

I was shocked, but the shock quickly shifted to intrigue as my attention was transfixed by her scent.

"Now lick, slut," she ordered, her hand restraining me between her legs.

I could have found the strength to break free; I could have decided to stand up and slap her in the face; I conceivably could have grabbed her phone and smashed it even though I'd never done such a thing; yet before my brain could even consider what I should do, I was already licking her pussy. It being very uncomfortable to be leaning forward from a standing position and craning my neck way back to reach her pussy, I finally succumbed to her earlier demand and dropped to my knees.

"Good pet," she moaned.

I couldn't believe I was licking this pretentious diva, yet I also couldn't believe how sweet and addicting her taste was.

Maybe it was the months of being alone in bed, maybe it was the long hours, maybe it was how horny I was, or maybe it was the dominant attitude of the teen, but I was now completely immersed in pleasing her.

I licked her hungrily, lost in what I was doing.

"Slow down, slut," she ordered. "Take your time."

I winced at being called a slut, yet this time her name calling also turned me on, and my pussy felt like it was on fire.

I obeyed and explored her pussy with my tongue, parting her pussy lips with my fingertips, affording my tongue a more intense sampling of her pussy taste.

She said, "That's better, my pet. I knew the minute I saw you this afternoon, you'd be having dessert between my legs."

That was ludicrous, I thought to myself, and yet recalling her first words, Oh, I think I know what I want, and the look she'd given me, it made sense.

I didn't respond, just kept licking... actually enjoying the taste, the forced submission.

Suddenly she lifted my head up and asked, her phone again filming me, "Tell me what you want."

I shook my head. "Please don't film this."

She sighed. "Look, slut. Either obey like the submissive pussy slut you are, or I'll get my obedient and fully trained pet to finish me off."

"But... I... um..." I began to protest, but as I glanced down at her pussy, I only felt hunger. I looked back up, defeated and horny and answered, "You win, miss. I want to lick your pussy."
