 SUMMARY: Black lawyer seduced and dommed by white teenage girl. 

This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th B'day (late summer, last weekend before her beginning college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (summer between sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

NOTE 1: That said, this one follows after MILF Lesbian Seductress: Neighbour and even has a few of the same lines of dialogue, although experienced from a different character's perspective. 

Also, I get criticized for always writing white submitting to black (with the exception of Deconstructing the Professor) so I thought I would try a black woman submitting to a white teen girl story... this is the result. 

NOTE 2: I should note that although the lawyer in this story is in her thirties, much older than my 18-year-old seductress Bree, she isn't necessarily a MILF, as she has no children and is single. Yet, she fits the younger seduces older undercurrent of this series. 

NOTE 3: In 2014, thanks to MAB7991, Robert and goamz86 for editing. In early 2019, thanks to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish. 

***** 

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate

It had been an exhausting day. My case had not gone as smoothly as anticipated, and I needed to do some work over the weekend to prepare for Monday morning when it would resume. 

I'd been home less than fifteen minutes, just long enough to get out of my heels and pour myself a glass of wine, when there was a knock at the door. 

I put my glass down and went to answer it, and was shocked at what I saw. It was my neighbour Nadine, a woman in her later thirties, about five years or so older than I was, and the librarian at the high school, dressed in a cheerleader's outfit. I don't think I hid my shock too well as I attempted to act normal. "Hi, Nadine." 

Nadine blurted out, embarrassed to be at my front door dressed so inappropriately, "Hi, Joan. Can I borrow some batteries for this toy?" She raised her hand to show me a big pink vibrator. 

I couldn't believe this reserved mother and community leader was at my front door dressed like a teenager, and who was asking me for batteries for a sex toy. Wanting to get her inside and out of the public eye, I said, still not sure this wasn't some bizarre prank, "Um, ok. Come on in." 

Once she was inside, she handed me the toy. Being a lawyer I was used to dealing with surprises, so showing no emotion, so I took the toy, gave one more look at her attire and said, "I think I have some batteries that will fit this in the office." 

I went to the office, sat down at my desk and examined the vibrator. It was bigger than the one I had, and it made me think I should probably buy myself a new sex toy. I'd bought my current one way back in college, and it was small and didn't really get me off. I opened the toy to see what kind of batteries it used. I opened a drawer, grabbed the appropriate batteries and headed back to Nadine. 

I inserted the batteries as I walked. Reaching Nadine, I turned it on to make sure it worked and was surprised by how much faster and more intense the vibrations were, compared to my old toy, and I became curious to know how it would feel like inside me. Turning it back off, I handed it to her and smiled, "Seems to work now." I was curious as hell to know why she was dressed as she was, and deciding I had to know, I asked, "But I have to ask, Nadine, why are you in a cheerleading outfit?" 

Nadine looked uncomfortable, as if trying to decide what to say to me. Eventually, she blurted out, "Bree made me wear this." 

Bree was a pretty high school student who lived next door to Nadine on the opposite side of her from me, who seemed rather sure of herself, based on the few times I'd spoken with her at community events. Yet, the answer seemed bizarre. I asked, rather surprised and wanting to make sure I'd heard her right, "She made you?" 

"Yes," she admitted, her face beet red, as she continued to shock me, "I can't explain it, but Bree is my Mistress, and I must do everything she requires." 

Her answer was so absurd, I asked, beginning to think I was being put on, "Really?" 

Although at first she'd been reserved and embarrassed, she now looked me in the eyes as she replied, trying to shock me, "Oh yes really, Joan." After a pause, she added, her tone suddenly seductive, "Oh, and I almost forgot, I'm supposed offer you my services; to do anything you'd like to please you." 

"Excuse me?" I asked, completely shocked by her obscene offer and her odd behaviour. 

She clarified her offer, "Yes, Joan. I would love to eat your pussy." 

I gasped, but said firmly in no uncertain terms, "I think you should leave my house right now, Nadine!" 

"Ok," she said, again looking as embarrassed as she had when she'd first arrived on my doorstep, "Sorry to bother you." 

She turned and walked away and I closed the door, managing not to slam it behind her... bewildered by the past five minutes. What could possibly have transpired to make Nadine act like that? How in the world could Bree make Nadine do something so out of character? Lastly, why was my pussy wet? 

I grabbed my wine, downed it, poured another glass and went to have a bubble bath. In the tub, I couldn't get the bizarre encounter with Nadine out of my head. Maybe it was the conversation, maybe it was the wine, or maybe it was the fact I hadn't had sex in I couldn't remember when, but I was undeniably horny. Closing my eyes, I began pleasuring myself in the tub. I imagined taking Nadine, who was a pretty woman, up on her offer. I wasn't a lesbian by any stretch, never having even kissed a woman, but the idea of having my pussy licked was very appealing. It didn't take long for me to get off, imagining Nadine eating me out. My orgasm done, I shook my head at the strange evening and my reaction to it... I clearly needed to get laid, and soon. 

... 

The next day, Saturday, I was heading into the office a little after ten to get some work done for the continuing case on Monday, when I saw Bree and Nadine's daughter Katherine, both dressed strangely for a Saturday morning, in skirts, nice blouses and pantyhose, walking towards my car. 

Bree, seeing me, waved, "Good morning, Ms. Myers." 

My face went darker in embarrassment as I flashed back to Nadine's words about Bree last night. The wind caught her skirt, wafting it up and revealing she was wearing not pantyhose but thigh highs, which made her outfit seem to me even more inappropriate. "Good morning, Bree, Katherine," I called back, reaching my car. "Shouldn't you ladies still be sleeping?" 

Bree smiled, "We never went to bed." 

"Oh, to be young again," I joked, although I'd been a pretty boring teenager, always focused on getting the highest marks so I could get into Harvard... which I'd done. 

Bree walked towards me, a confident look on her face. She asked, "And you? Did you have a good night?" 

Recalling my masturbation session in my tub, I felt flushed. I answered, "It was an early bedtime." 

Reaching me, she said with an odd confidence, "What a shame on a Friday night. You should have come over and joined us." 

Knowing, or assuming, that she'd had sex with Nadine last night, and I couldn't fathom how Nadine's daughter Katherine could have fit into that picture, I answered rather prudishly, "I'm not sure I should be partying with teenage girls." 

"First, we're both eighteen and legal adults," Bree pointed out; unable not to sound sultry when she spoke. "And second," she continued, her words dripping with innuendo, "an evening with me would forever change your life." That wouldn't have meant anything if it were said to me prior to yesterday evening, but after the Nadine incident, I knew exactly what she was saying. 

Her tone, her determined look, her sultry voice and obvious sexual intentions toward me had me flustered. This eighteen-year-old was succeeding in getting under my skin, where so many high-powered lawyers had failed. I said, "Um, I need to get to work." 

"On a Saturday?" 

"Work never ends," I shrugged. 

"I think, Ms. Myers, you need to get out more," she suggested, before adding, speaking each word slowly with deliberate intent, "relax... experiment... live life... submit to your natural desires." 

"My natural desires?" 

"Yes, it's obvious you need a sexual outlet from your intense job," Bree said matter-of-factly. 

"That's ludicrous," I retorted. 

"Is it?" she asked. "When was the last time you got laid?" 

"That is none of your business," I said firmly, as I turned to open my car door, shocked by her boldness. 

Bree, her aggressive behaviour slightly intimidating, moved so close to me I could smell her perfume and asked, "Why didn't you take up my slut's offer? She's very good at it, you know." 

"Young lady, you're being extremely inappropriate," I responded firmly, reminding her of the age gap between us and her legal status notwithstanding, I was being the adult. 

"Is your cunt wet right now?" she asked, her tone sultry, completely unfazed by my scolding. 

I glanced over to Katherine, who was watching our exchange from next to her own car, before I resumed my scolding, "Young lady, you will not speak to me in such a manner." 

"I'll take that as a yes," she smiled, turning away and strolling back to Katherine. 

Rattled by her behaviour, I quickly got into my car and pulled out of the driveway. I turned down the street and looked in my rear view mirror, to see Bree watching me and blowing me a kiss. 

As I drove to work, I couldn't believe her aggressive, presumptuous behaviour. Was she that aggressive with Nadine? What in the world made her think she could talk to me like that? She'd always been a bit self-centered in my few interactions with her, but this was completely over the top. Lastly, she'd been correct about the state of my 'cunt', and why the hell was I wet? 

Arriving at work, I tried to push the strange confrontation out of my mind as I focused on the case I would be defending on Monday. Unfortunately, I couldn't stay focused and after a few hours of getting very little done, I decided to call it a day. 

It wasn't until I was driving home a little after three o'clock that I replayed the two strange conversations I'd had with Nadine and with Bree. Passing a sex store, I made an impulsive sharp turn and pulled in, my recurring thought of a new sex toy seeming like a good idea. 

In the store, I was quickly overwhelmed... there were toys everywhere... many of which I couldn't even fathom their sexual purpose. In such a store, I felt nervous and out of place, but quickly, keeping my head down, I scuttled to where the female toys were. Once there, I didn't know where to start; like a kid in a candy store, they all looked good to me. 

Behind me a feminine voice asked, "May I help you, ma'am?" 

I jumped slightly, startled, but remarked, "Sex toys have really evolved since I was in college." 

The younger woman laughed, "And this is the tame section." 

Pointing at a twelve-inch rubber cock, I asked, "This is tame?" 

"Turn the corner if you want your world rocked," she smiled. 

"I'm overwhelmed with just these... not sure I'm ready for whatever world rockers are around the corner," I said jokingly, although I meant it. After a pause, I said, "I just want a new vibrator that can help me when a man isn't available." 

"For a simple vibrator, this is our best seller," the girl explained, grabbing an eight-inch pink one, that ironically looked identical to the one Nadine had brought over the night before, which had triggered this visit to a sex shop in the first place. 

"This is three inches longer than my current one," I again joked, finding humour the easiest way to get me more or less comfortable talking about sex toys. 

"I imagine it's a lot more powerful, too. This one has eight speed settings, and a variety of different pulsations to accommodate your mood," she explained. 

"My mood?" I questioned. My mood when I used my vibrator, which was rare, was that I was horny. Did horny have eight speeds of nuance with a variety of sub-nuances?

She explained, "This vibrator can be really intense and give you a quick, explosive orgasm; or it can give you a slow, building tease that will keep you coasting on the edge of pleasure forever. It can do everything in between, too." 

"Oh," I nodded, never having thought about the possibility of coasting along in the vicinity of an orgasm. 

"Also, that doesn't include what you may decide to do with your hands," she said, with a naughty smile. 

I laughed, "Is there an instruction manual for this thing?" 

She shook her head no. "That's the best part... you can experiment and explore your own body instead of trying to adhere to a rule book." 

"I suppose," I said, still feeling uncomfortable even having this discussion. Deciding this toy would do, I said, "I'll take it." 

"Now I must show you one more thing before you go," she said excitedly. 

I objected, trying to pass it off as humour, "I'm not ready to go around that corner yet." 

"I imagine that's true," she agreed, before adding, "but this next toy is the best invention for single women ever." 

"Okay, you have me curious," I replied. 

She grabbed a big, long wand and said, "It's called a magic wand." 

"It looks like it should be called a mini sex-bat," I joked. 

"It does give you a major bang for your buck," she joked back, before adding a baseball reference, "and it's guaranteed to hit a home run every time." 

"This can't possibly fit inside you," I said, unable to fathom how this long stick with a wide head could possibly be a sex toy. 

She laughed. "No, it doesn't. You place it against your clit and pussy lips, sometimes while also using your fingers, a real penis, dildo, vibrator, strap-on, double-ended dildo, or, my favourites, a vibrating egg or ben wa balls." 

"You lost me at vibrating egg," I said, bewildered by the lengthy list of things that could go inside a vagina. 

"Oooooh, then you should get one of those, too," she said, excited like I get when recommending classic literature to friends. She grabbed an egg-shaped toy and continued, "This one also has a few different speeds and can be used to give you intense or soothing pleasure. I often have one of these inside me when I'm out with the boyfriend." 

"Really?" I asked, unable to fathom how that wouldn't be both uncomfortable and distracting. 

"It makes the sex later amazing," she added. 

"I'm getting a whole lesson on sex toys," I joked, although it wasn't really a joke. 

She shrugged, "Sorry, I get excited by toys." 

"Pun not intended," I teased, feeling somehow more comfortable the more I took to this unnamed young woman. 

She broke out laughing. 

Deciding what the hell, I had the money, I said, "I'll buy all three." 

"You're making a good choice," she nodded, taking the items from me. 

"It's time to enter the twenty-first century, it seems," I nodded. 

"Oh no, to do that, you'd have to go around the corner," she winked. 

"Maybe next time," I shrugged. "I think three toys are enough of a step forward." 

"You'll be all the buzz," she quipped, before adding, "pun intended." 

I bought the items, some batteries, got a twenty percent preferred customer discount, and learned her name was Rylee. I thanked her for her advice, and she said you're welcome and please come back anytime. I don't know why I said it, I was never one to say such sexual things, but I quipped, "Oh, I hope to be coming very soon."

Totally unfazed by my innuendo, she replied with twinkling eyes, "And please think of me when you do."

Back in the car, feeling oddly surreal, I drove home, hoping to try out my new toys. The day had been a complete waste and oddly stressful and I definitely needed to relax, and a good orgasm would surely help. 

Once inside my house, I hurried to my bedroom to get undressed, excited to experiment with my new toys. Getting naked, I put the toys on my bed, grabbed my laptop and pulled up my favourite erotica site, Literotica. 

Although in practice I'm definitely a prim and proper woman, my fantasies are often quite naughty. I particularly enjoy reading about being gangbanged, blackmailed or seduced. I'm way too worried about my career to ever risk it with any actual kinky sex, but the fantasy of being forced has always been a turn-on. So when I go online, I often search out stories about blackmail, coercion, and so forth. 

I put batteries in both the vibrator and the wand, and began pleasing myself, both toys on low. I read a couple of blackmail stories, imagined I was the blackmailed protagonist being forced into being a slut and soon was pumping the vibrator in my cunt, while holding the wand on my clit, creating an intense pleasure that had my orgasm building quickly. 

Suddenly, the doorbell rang. I considered not answering it, but I reluctantly switched off the toys, pulled the vibrator out, put on a robe and headed downstairs. 

I looked through my peephole to see it was Katherine, looking nervous, standing on my doorstep in a Girl Scout uniform. I sighed, assuming this was another strange confrontation orchestrated by Bree. Yet Katherine was a sweet girl and one I thought maybe I could help. 

I opened the door and cheerfully greeted, "Good afternoon, Katherine." 

"Hi, Ms. Myers," she greeted back, avoiding eye contact. 

"What can I do for you?" I asked, curious to know what she was going to say. 

"Would you like to buy some Girl Scout panties?" she asked, which shocked me completely. 

I was so taken aback by her question; I was literally speechless. 

"They've been freshly come in," the young lady continued, though mortified to be saying it. 

"Katherine, please come in," I offered, deciding I was going to have to do something about this. 

"I can't," she shook her head, before adding, looking up at me with a look of both guilt and hunger, "unless you want the Girl Scout lick special." 

"Girl Scout lick special?" I asked, even though I was pretty sure what she was offering. 

Out of the blue, Bree showed up from around the corner, and said, "Yes, Ms. Myers, it's a brand-new merit badge Girl Scouts can earn by servicing sexually deprived older women such as yourself." 

Her pretentious attitude, even if she was right and I was undersexed, pissed me off and I snapped, "Bree, it's time for you to grow up." 

She laughed, "Oh, Ms. Myers, your denial is so adorable." 

"Excuse me?" I questioned, somehow allowing myself to get drawn into a battle of personalities I didn't need. 
