 Summary: Bree seduces friend's conservative, sexy mom. (Originally written in 2016, revised in early 2019)

Note 1: Thanks to Jedd for inspiring the story.

Note 2: All characters are at least 18, yada yada, yada.

Note 3: Thanks to: Robert, Wayne, goamz86 and Tex Beethoven for editing this story in 2016, and to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish in early 2019.

Note 4: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th bday (late summer, last weekend before going to college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (between her sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (Summer job after college)

WARNING: Although the title should be a clue, this story has some heavy and inappropriate religious undertones throughout. If such writings offend you, please don't keep reading.

*

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom

 

(This story takes place days after the seduction of Selena Gomez... in Pop Star. That said, within that story was the beginning of the seduction of Sarah Wilkins.... just a couple of brief conversations that began the seduction as Bree planted the early seeds of seduction)

Because I believe every story should stand on its own, although I recommend you read all my accounts of Bree's plethora of lesbian seductions, here are two excerpts from that story to get you all caught up as Bree adds to her MILF harem a church minister's sweet wife and the mother of one of her most faithful pets.

CONVERSATION 1, after finishing DP-ing her pet Kimberly, unbeknownst to Kimberly's naïve and sweet mother:

"Hi Bree. Leaving already? I'm really glad you became Kim's friend. She used to be such a shy, reserved girl. Now, ever since you two became friends, it seems her tongue is constantly wagging. I guess we have you to thank for that," the MILF gushed.

Bree eyed the stacked woman. She obviously tried to keep her breasts hidden with sweaters and loose blouses, but those monster tits were just made for squeezing from behind as she got pounded with a plastic cock. Bree imagined herself doing just that. She also thought to herself You have no idea how excellent your lovely daughter has gotten at wagging that wonderful tongue of hers. And I have an idea of how you can thank me. It involves some tongue wagging of your own.

Bree resolved then that Sarah would become a future pet. She needed to plan it, though. And she had other things to occupy her at the moment. Still, she could plant a seed... something she'd learned helped to accelerate the inevitable once she went on the full-frontal attack.

"Well I'm glad you think I helped. And while Kimberly may not be a social butterfly, she's certainly come out of her shell. And you're right, her tongue does seem to flutter at an amazing pace now... although it's taken a few years for her to perfect it. And no need to thank me. In fact, how about sometime I give something tasty to you? Kimberly's had it many times, and raves about it," Bree offered bluntly, confident the naïve minister's wife wouldn't catch on to her innuendo-filled offer.

"Well, Bree, you really are the sweetest thing!" the MILF replied, so happy her daughter had found some friends from the more popular crowd instead of just the conservative church kids...who were fine, but frankly, rather twee.

"You'll find out just how right you are soon," Bree mumbled under her breath as she pondered, I'll let you find out just how sweet I am. But how to do it? Hmm, planning is everything.

"Would you like to stay for dinner, Bree? It's no trouble to set another dish, and we'd enjoy your company. Reverend Wilkins won't be home until late," Kimberly's mother offered, enjoying the company of the pretty girl, even though she wasn't sure why. There was just something about her.

"No thanks, Mrs. Wilkins. I need to get home. Maybe I can dine with you another time," Bree responded, adding another innuendo to the oblivious future target, even as she thought to herself, Or more likely, you'll be dining on me.

CONVERSATION 2: Two weeks later when Bree came to pick up Kimberly to go to the Selena Gomez concert:

"Kimberly, Bree's here," Sarah called up the stairs to her daughter.

Bree, having already planted a few seeds, decided to work the fertile ground while she waited.

"You look very nice, Mrs. Wilkins. Are you and Reverend Wilkins going out as well?"

Sarah was clad in a below the knee skirt and a heavy sweater, which despite its bulk, struggled to camouflage those massive breasts. Bree laid it on despite Sarah's clothes being rather plain. And she also knew Reverend Wilkins was working late again. But she wanted Mrs. Wilkins to know that she was noticed.

"Well thank you dear. You're very sweet. But I'm not really dressed up. And no, I'm not going out. Reverend Wilkins is working late again," she said, annoyed that he'd been working late almost every day now and had been doing so for weeks... months, actually.

"You could have fooled me, Mrs. Wilkins. You look great! And I can't believe Reverend Wilkins wouldn't put his work aside for a night out with you. Pardon my direct language, but you're a hottie Mrs. Wilkins," Bree said, really going on the offensive.

Sarah had been wondering herself why her husband didn't give her more of his attention. She was a faithful wife and churchgoer, but she still had needs and she thought her husband should take care of them. There was nothing wrong with having sex in the marriage bed. He'd said that in his sermons many times. But it had been over a year since he'd last touched her, and infrequently before that. She'd considered he might be having an affair but had quickly dismissed it. Some ministers did that, but not him. The only affair he was having had was with his job.

She had no way to be certain of course, but if she had spied, she would have been proven right. He truly was married to his job. He had no time for frivolous and carnal things like an affair. He did sometimes regret not giving his wife more time, but he felt he was doing a greater good... he had a greater calling. So if his wife was lacking his attention, he certainly wasn't giving any to anyone else. And besides, his wife would certainly understand.

But Sarah really did not understand. And it was through this that Bree saw what was missing for Sarah and worked her plan. She planted and watered more seeds. "Well, I can't believe he wouldn't make time for you. Forgive me if I seem forward, but if I were a man, I'd try to steal your heart every day of the year."

"Oh you, you're so fresh. I can see why you've brought Kimberly out of her shell and set her tongue wagging," Sarah giggled, flattered by the pretty girl's kind words... compliments she hadn't heard for years.

You have no idea how well her tongue wags and someday soon I will find out if she inherited it from you, Bree thought to herself as she considered going in for the kill right then and there.

But Kimberly arrived so as they departed, Bree planted the final seed of the night, as she pulled the lonely insecure MILF in for a hug, "I wish we had another ticket, Mrs. Wilkens. With someone as beautiful as you with us, we'd surely attract people's attention."

Sarah blushed as she was left alone and feeling lonely, wondered if this should be one of those times she pleasured herself. She always felt guilty afterwards since of course she wasn't married to herself, so it was a sin, but sometimes she just needed the release. Perhaps she would try shaving herself. It had never really crossed her mind before, but she noticed her daughter had done that as she exited the shower one night. She thought it was probably something kids did nowadays, and she wondered how it would feel. Besides, it's not like her husband would notice.

AND NOW THE CONTINUING STORY OF SARAH WILKIN'S SEDUCTION....

Three days after her last encounter with the pretty church MILF, Bree went to church... a place she hadn't been since Christmas Eve... although when she was in Europe she went to a variety of church services, completely intrigued with how people could believe so easily... follow so blindly... give so willingly...

Just like her pets did for her.

In many ways, she had her own group of worshippers who believed in her, who obeyed her without question and gave themselves to her completely and without reservation.

Bree wasn't being pretentious in these thoughts, she was a Christian and believed in God, although she questioned many of the Bible passages and messages (it contradicted itself way too many times), as well as the financial power the churches had received on the backs of its parishioners... she was just making a linear connection between the two.

Bree wore a sun dress with her usual thigh high stockings... the lace tops of which would likely be in view when she sat with her legs crossed.

When she arrived, she was almost immediately greeted by Sarah, "Bree, so nice to see you here."

Bree smiled, "I came to confess my sins."

"Oh my," Sarah blushed, feeling oddly unlike herself whenever she spoke with this pretty, confident young lady.

"Although I'm not sure I can be forgiven," Bree added, trying to keep the pretty MILF off guard.

"Oh, the Lord forgives everyone, Bree," Sarah smiled, before adding, "plus, I can't fathom what you could have done that would be unforgivable."

"I've done some very wicked things," Bree said. "Although it was always with the greatest of intentions."

"Then I'm sure it's fine, and the Lord always rewards those with good intentions," Sarah said, trying to reassure the coed.

"You look even prettier today in a dress, Mrs. Wilkins," Bree complimented, the big tits more noticeable, although still not highlighted like they should be. If you have big tits: flaunt them. If you have a great ass: frame it. If you have great legs: showcase them with skirts and nylons that accentuate them.

"Thank you, you're too kind," Sarah said, enjoying the flattery from the pretty young woman.

"I mean you look hot," Bree corrected herself. "It's good to see you not hiding those great cannons behind sweaters."

"Oh my, Bree," Sarah gasped, shocked by the young lady's blunt words about her embarrassingly evident pair of... you know.

"If you got 'em, flaunt 'em, I always say," Bree said, before leaning in and murmuring, "that's why I always wear thigh high stockings, to showcase my legs."

Sarah had noticed that for the last few years her daughter had been wearing thigh high stockings too, and she'd even considered buying herself a pair... but figured what was the point... her husband would never notice.

Sarah admitted, "I noticed Kimberly wears them too."

"And," Bree said, giving the first of many orders to her pet-to-be, "I expect you to be wearing them when I come over to your house next time."

"You do, do you?" Sarah questioned playfully, intrigued by this young, forward woman who always made her feel young again.

"I do," Bree nodded, before adding, "and I expect you to dress to impress. Showcase those tits and that ass."

Bree, having learned over the past two years when to push and be aggressive and when to leave the prey craving more, then immediately walked away... confident she'd gotten the MILF in a tizzy.

Sarah watched the girl walk away, noticing how Bree's skirt was barely long enough to hide her lace hold ups and also how it hugged her curves perfectly as the coed definitely knew how to flaunt her assets.

Later on, as Sarah walked into the sanctuary, she saw Bree sitting with Kimberly and couldn't help but notice the tops of her stockings were in clear view, as the pretty girl had her legs crossed. Oh, to be young again, she sighed to herself.

During the hymns the entire parish sang, Bree teased Kimberly relentlessly by whispering her own adapted lyrics to traditional worship hymns.

It started when Bree changed the third verse of 'Holy, Holy, Holy' as she whispered in her ear:

Holy, holy, holy! though the slut awakens Thee,

Though the eye of the sinful slut Thy lez of glee;

Only Thou art slutty, there are many just like Thee,

Perfect in pussy munching and ecstasy.

Then she wickedly changed the first verse of 'Fight the Good Night', making her pet's cheeks burn red with naughtiness and embarrassment:

Suck the hard clit with all thy might;

Christ is thy orgasm, that reaches thy height;

Lay hold of my cum, and you shall be

Thy slut and pet eternally.

Bree then changed the words to the classic 'Amazing Grace', even though she struggled to make it flow:

Amazing lez, how sweet the taste,

That saved a wretch like you.

You once were lost but now in haste,

Once straight, but now you're not.

Bree whispered, after the last line, "Sorry, I know, it doesn't rhyme."

Kimberly just shook her head, entertained by Bree's wickedness... as she made church provocative for once. Kimberly had heard and sung these hymns so many times she didn't even read the words in the hymnal... but these new versions had her distracted and even had her pussy beginning to dampen. That wetness was enhanced when Bree slyly slapped her pussy through her dress as 'Did You Feel the Mountains Tremble?' began. Bree, of course, changed some of those lyrics too, really enjoying to ad-lib:

Did you feel the mountains tremble?

Did you hear the Mistress roar?

When the people rose to sing of

Mistress please give me more.

The last hymn sung was one of Kimberly's favourites, 'Hungry', which she definitely was as Bree continued to make even church a place of sin:

Hungry, I come to you

For I know you satisfy

I am empty, but I know

Your cum does not run dry

So I wait for you

So I wait for you

I'm falling on my knees

Offering all of me

Bree, you're all this pet is living for.

"Oh, God," Kimberly said, as Bree's hot breath blew in her ear and Kimberly declared the Lord's name in church in ways she'd never heard before.

"Are my new lyrics true?" Bree asked, as she again tapped her pet's clit through her dress, knowing her pet was, as required by herself, sans underwear in the house of the Lord.

"Yessss," Kimberly replied, flustered and horny, with a moan louder than she meant it to be, making a few other congregants glance at her reprovingly. "Yes to our saviour," she added quickly, to hide the real reason for her outburst of pleasure.

Others joined in agreement... parishioners the ultimate mindless followers... oblivious to what they were really celebrating.

Once the hymn ended, Bree sat down first and reached her hand under Kimberly to poke up a finger with wicked intent.

As Kimberly sat down, Bree's finger went between her cheeks through her dress, and she yelped out loud.

Bree slyly moved her hand away just before many congregants, including her mother, looked over at the red-faced Minister's daughter.

During the service, Bree focused on Sarah as she zoned out the Minister, who was droning on about redemption. While pondering the MILF, her pussy tingled with anticipation and she whispered, "Your father's office. Two minutes."

Before Kimberly could do more than blink, Bree had left.

Kimberly sighed; people would notice her walking out of her father's sermon. Yet she sure wasn't going to disobey Bree. Bree was a gentle, caring Mistress, but she could also be very vengeful if she felt disrespected. She took a deep breath and after a minute, she headed out as her Dad exhorted everyone to, "Resist the temptation. It will only lead you down a road you won't be able to control."

Kimberly couldn't help but smirk at the all too true words her father was speaking to his parishioners, unaware that his sweet daughter had long ago been tempted and eaten the apple to its core.

Once Kimberly entered her father's office, she locked the door and shook her head. Bree was on her father's desk, her legs already spread as she rubbed a crucifix up and down her pussy lips.

"That is so wrong," Kimberly reproved with grudging admiration, as she watched the end of the cross disappear inside her Mistress.

"What?" Bree asked, as the feet of Jesus entered her, "I'm just trying to get Jesus in me... that is what your father was preaching about."

"You are so going to hell," Kimberly said, even as she licked her lips as she walked up to her naughty Mistress.

"Well, then come and lick my inferno," the quick-witted Bree responded.

"We're probably both going to hell," Kimberly said playfully, "if so, can we hold hands and skip all the way there? Naked?" She dropped to her knees and between the legs of her Mistress in her father's church office.

Bree pulled the soaked crucifix out of her pussy and offered it to her kneeling pet.

Kimberly felt slight guilt at this inappropriate use of the religious icon but opened her mouth and sucked her Mistress' cum off of it.

"Ready for your baptism?" Bree asked, as she pulled the crucifix out of her pet's mouth and placed it on the desk.

"My baptism of fire?" Kimberly asked, playing with the earlier word 'inferno'.

"Well, I'm on fire at the moment," Bree said, before adding, just as Kimberly's tongue touched her wetness, "with the idea of my next MILF turn."

As she licked, Kimberly wondered who that could be. Kimberly had only once been involved in a MILF seduction with Bree (assisting with Professor Garceau in Secret Santa) and that had been a lot of fun... it had filled her with anxiety... but it was definitely fun.

Bree asked a few seconds later, as Kimberly's tongue parted her wet sea, "Do you want to know who it is? She's here at church today."

Kimberly indeed did. There were so many pretty older women here. Could it be Mrs. Queenston, a British woman who was rather uppity and could use being knocked down a few pegs? Could it be Mrs. Swenson, a younger wife in her thirties with two kids, and who still had milk in her huge titties? Could it be the prim and proper choir leader Mrs. Garcia, who also could and should be knocked down a few notches? Kimberly could have listed another dozen members of the community that Bree could seduce, so she admitted, "Yes, very much."
