 Summary: MILF is slowly drawn into a submissive lesbian world.

Note 1: This story was originally going to be a submission for a one-day special event ON THE JOB, but as it got way too long, I ran out of time and sent in a different story for that event. Plus, I wanted to make sure the first BREE story in quite some time got the loving attention it deserved.

Note 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven and Robert for editing this story.

 

Note 3: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th B'day (late summer, last weekend before her beginning college)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (summer between sophomore and junior years of college)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Librarian (during her third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Librarian (During her senior year)Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (summer job after college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Librarian

Getting a job at the college was my dream job: they hired me as supervisor of the entire library. The college library!

No more being torn about homeless people using the public library simply for refuge from the heat in summer or the cold in winter.

No more dealing with little kids (whom I didn't hate, I loved the kids who valued their time there, but many others were disrespectful, and their parents were often exhausting or took advantage of us as free daycare).

No more ordering lowest common denominator books for the masses. Now I got to order cutting edge books for academia.

No more catching people having sex in a variety of locations (although this one I wasn't so sure would go away, and in retrospect I'd find out that sex in libraries was rather universal, but even so, the picture is hard to get out of your head after you walk into a bathroom to see two grime-covered homeless people having sex.

The first few days at my new job were crazy: meeting new people, new colleagues/employees, and learning my way around a place that was ten floors tall and contained literally millions of books. I almost felt I was in a major department store, and when the elevator arrived at a floor I half expected to hear a melodic recorded voice singing out, "Fifth floor: European History!"

Indeed there were no little kids, but much to my disappointment, many college students weren't much brighter, and an astonishing number of them had no clue how the Dewey Decimal System worked. (Actually, and just to prove I'm an informed nerd, its correct name is the Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC), and the DDS is just colloquial).

Also, students were often slobs and would leave the books wherever they felt like it when they were done with them, not to mention food and drink which was, for some reason I was still trying to find out, allowed. I mean come on people, some of these tomes are over a hundred years old and irreplaceable. And you want them to get mustard stained?

Lastly, on day three I saw a girl giving a guy head under a table... so sex was apparently an issue in all libraries.

It was week two when a seemingly trivial moment changed everything for me.

Although there was a staff bathroom on the main floor, I really had to pee, and I was on the fifth floor (which wasn't European History btw, it was DDC Category 600-699: Technology, of course), so I decided to use the Women's room on that floor.

When I reached it, I was surprised to see a yellow easel saying it was being cleaned and to please use the bathrooms on floors four or six.

I turned around to do just that, annoyed, when I realized something.

My cleaning staff didn't work on the middle floors at this time of day.

I turned back around, assuming it was a mistake and that someone had left it there from last night.

I faced the easel to the wall and entered the bathroom and figured out the subterfuge when I heard moaning sounds.

Some college students were using the bathroom to have sex.

I sighed.

I turned the corner into the bathroom and as expected, I saw a co-ed lying back on the counter with her eyes closed, her legs spread, and another girl between her legs.

I sighed again.

Neither of them had heard me enter.

The striking blonde girl on the counter was moaning, and her hand was pressing against the back of the other girl's head.

The other girl was shaking her head back and forth in a very aggressive way.

God, I wish Vic would do that to me, I thought to myself, thinking I hadn't had a good pussy pleasing orgasm in an eternity.

"Want to join in?" the spread wide girl asked, startling me as I realized it looked like I was perving.

I stammered, a little embarrassed to be faced with the assumption I was here to enjoy the show, when it should have been she who was embarrassed, "N-n-no."

"You sure?" she asked, not allowing whoever was between her legs to move, not at all embarrassed to be caught in such a compromising position.

I went from embarrassed to annoyed in a heartbeat. I sighed, "Yes, I'm absolutely certain. Now please stop doing this right now."

"No can do; I need a couple of minutes," she replied, not treating me with any respect at all.

"I'm in charge here and you don't have a couple of minutes," I countered firmly, displaying my name tag. It said very clearly: Mrs. Justine Parker: Library Supervisor.

"I think I do," she smiled, looking at me with a smug look that was really getting under my skin.

"Stop it this very minute," I demanded, raising my voice, something I rarely did.

The girl sighed at me as if I were such a disappointment to her, only infuriating me some more.

She let go of the girl's head and I figured, Good, she's finally listening.

"Glenda, can you please tell your employee to give us a few minutes of privacy?" she asked, looking down at the girl between her legs.

I was trying to process her words when the kneeling girl turned around to face me and I gasped. This wasn't another student, but Dean Wilson!

The same woman who'd interviewed me for this job just a few weeks ago.

How could this be?

The Dean said, her cheeks burning red with shame and guilt, even as they glistened with the rude girl's wetness, "Justine, please leave us be for a few minutes."

"Yes, ma'am," I nodded, in a complete state of shock.

"Come to think of it, I prefer her to stay," the blonde co-ed said.

"Bree," the Dean said with an objecting tone, turning back to the college girl even though remaining on her knees.

"Glenda?" Bree said, looking down at her with an arch look that could only be described as, Are you questioning me?

After a brief moment, the Dean looked back at me and said, blushing even more furiously, "Please remain here, Justine."

"I should go," I said; I could see the girl's... Bree's... completely shaved pussy as well as the fact she was wearing thigh high stockings. I'd worn those a couple of times for Vic back in the day when we were a bit more adventurous.

"Stay, Justine!" Bree ordered before she snapped her fingers and the Dean silently turned around and resumed licking her pussy right in front of me.

"I really have to go," I said, realizing I still really had to go pee.

As if reading my mind she said, "You obviously came in here for a reason, so go ahead."

By this point I wasn't sure I could make it to another floor, so I hustled into a stall, pulled my skirt up and my panties down and began making that tinkling sound in the toilet that I really wished they couldn't hear.

"That's it, get that tongue deep in my cunt," Bree moaned loudly, clearly putting on a show for me.

I couldn't believe what was happening.

The Dean?

The brazenness of the girl? She must have some dirt on the Dean.

"Beg for my cunt cum, slut," the dominant college student demanded.

Slut?

I then listened in awe as the Dean begged with an urgency that couldn't be faked, "Please... come all over my face, Mistress Bree."

Mistress?

 

"Even with your employee in the room?"

"Yes, Mistress," the Dean said, "you know I can't disobey you."

"Good girl," the blonde Mistress said, suddenly in a soft voice.

I finished peeing, but I didn't want to walk back out and witness any more of the Dean's humiliation, although just hearing it was still rather bizarre.

Yet I didn't want them to think I was going number two, so I wiped up and pulled everything back into place.

"That's it, eat my cunt my eager slut," Bree moaned loudly, seeming to be close, just as I flushed.

I froze. I didn't want to walk out just as she was coming.

Bree ordered in an authoritarian voice, "Get out here, Justine."

For some reason I obeyed, exiting the stall.

"Don't forget all employees are required to wash their hands," Bree reminded me with a moan, as she held the Dean's head deep between her legs.

So I awkwardly walked over to the sink, which was less than two feet away from them, and I washed my hands while avoiding making any eye contact with her or looking sideways at Dean Wilson.

"Fuck!" Bree quaked, as she began coming and I lathered my hands with soap.

She let go of the Dean's head and I couldn't help glancing over to see her hungrily licking away like I'd seen in the odd porn movie. I didn't watch a lot of porn, truthfully I'd only seen a few movies, with Vic, again back in our wilder days.

"Would you like her to do you next?" Bree smirked at me a moment later as I finished a quick rinse and turned the tap off.

"What?" I asked, even though I'd heard the question. "No!" I blurted out a moment later.

"You sure?" Bree asked, even as her body kept trembling from her orgasm. "Your boss is a great cunt muncher." She then paused and looked at my hand, noticing my wedding ring, "And I imagine she's a lot better at it than your husband."

"I need to get back to work," I said, as I reached for a paper towel to dry my hands.

"Ever had a girl go down on you?" she asked.

I ignored the question as I hurriedly dried my hands.

"Ever go down on a girl?" she asked.

"No and no," I said bluntly, wanting to make it clear I wasn't playing her sick game anymore.

"Too bad," she said as I walked away. "I bet with very little practice you'd be a great cunt muncher."

I walked out without another word, stunned by the whole encounter.

It was only when I leaned against the wall to catch my breath in the hallway, that I realized something confusing... my panties were wet, and it wasn't because I'd just peed.

What on earth?

I scurried to the elevator and back to the main floor (000-099 General Works), confused even more by my body's reaction.

I was about to go into my office when Kim, a friendly co-worker who was rapidly becoming a friend, asked, "You okay?"

"What? Yes, I'm fine," I said.

"You sure?" she asked, "you're all flushed."

"I just saw some kids having sex," I explained, which was mostly true.

"That happens on occasion," Kim smiled.

"So I'm learning," I nodded, as a student approached her to check out a book. Kim dealt with the student and I slipped into my office to be alone.

I sat at my desk for a few minutes before I went on my computer to deal with emails... I needed something to get my mind off what I'd just witnessed... not just what, but whom.

I'd been working for a few minutes when there was a timid knock at my door. I looked up and saw the Dean entering my office and closing the door behind her.

I tried to act normal as I greeted her, "Hi, Dean Wilson."

"I'm so sorry you had to see that," she said, looking slightly sheepish, but not as humiliated as I imagined she really must feel.

"It's no big deal," I lied.

"Of course it is," she said, sitting down opposite me looking humiliated. I felt bad for her... this was obviously not something she was proud of.

Since she wasn't leaving, I figured I'd ask, "How did it happen? Did she blackmail you?"

"It's a long story," she sighed heavily, before surprising me by informing me, "but I just want to warn you that she's going after you next."

"Going after me?" I asked, those not at all the words I was anticipating from her.

"Yes, she's a very determined young woman," the Dean said in a way that was unreadable.

"I don't understand," I said, as I didn't.

"She's a seductress."

"And she wants to seduce me?" I asked, this whole conversation a little out there.

"Yes, and she's very determined and always gets what she wants," the Dean continued.

"Always?" I asked, even though that wasn't the question I should have been asking. It should have been, 'Why are you letting this happen if you know about it?' But she was my boss, after all.

"Yes, always," the Dean nodded, "she's very convincing."

"Pretty hard to convince me if I'm not a lesbian," I pointed out.

"Neither am I," she said. "But..."

She paused. I needed to know more. "But what?"

"Well, I know this sounds hard to believe, but she's completely irresistible," she answered, which in my opinion was a pretty flimsy rationale.

"I think I'll be okay," I said, although once I said it I regretted doing so, since it had an edge to it.

"I thought so too," she admitted and then added, "but she's relentless, and once you're in her web, there's no going back."

"Did she blackmail you?" I asked again. There had to be a logical reason for a powerful and strong woman like the Dean being subjected to such a compromising, humiliating situation.

"No," she answered, but didn't say anything else. After a pause she said, "If you wish, I can move you to supervising research and development."

"No, I love it here," I said.

She stood up, a look of genuine concern in her eyes and words, "I just wanted to warn you."

"Why don't you expel her?"

"I like it."

"Like what?"

"Being her pet," she admitted.

"You can't be serious?" I said, stunned by her admission.

"You'll understand all too soon," she said and walked out before I could open my mouth to respond.

Say what?

 

What just happened?

'You'll understand soon,' she said.

Had the Dean actually just told me I was going to submit to this college student like she had?

Why wasn't she more ashamed to be caught in such a compromising, humiliating positon? She could lose her job.

The how still drove me nuts... as did the why...

I read murder mysteries just to find out the hows and whys.

Kim interrupted my thoughts as she said, "Hey, I need to go help a student find a book, can you man the front?"

"Of course," I nodded, happy to be distracted from the strange reality of the past thirty minutes.

I signed out a few books for students before I saw Bree walking towards me. I was nervous even though I had no reason to be ... I'd done nothing wrong.

She walked up to me with a book and handed it to me with her student ID card. As soon as I saw the title I felt my face blush: Lesbian and Gay Psychology.

She explained, "Just doing some research on a hypothesis I have."

"I see," I said, not asking what her hypothesis was... not letting myself get drawn into whatever sordid game she had in mind.

She didn't need me to ask however as she continued, as I scanned the book and card, "I believe every older woman is curious, possibly secretly, about pleasing a younger woman."

I didn't respond to her ludicrous theory as I handed her the book and said, "It's due in two weeks."

She took the book and smiled with a look of smug confidence and a tone that matched, "Oh, I won't need two weeks."

Those words needn't have meant anything to me other than she'd be done with the book in less than two weeks, except that I'd witnessed what I'd witnessed and the Dean had warned me about this girl's intent. Yet I acted oblivious, "Well, you can always return it early."

"You're going to be fun," she said, taking back her card and walking away.

I shook my head at her presumptuous attitude before another student handed me a few books to sign out.

.....

It was three days later, on a Friday, just when I was assuming that she was indeed all talk, that I began to let my guard down.

First it was a student who handed me a book and said, "I'm returning this for Mistress Bree."

"Excuse me?" I asked, shocked by her deliberate choice of words.

"You're Justine Parker aren't you? Mistress Bree instructed me to return it directly to you," she said, the book in her hand the same one Bree had taken out a few days ago.

"Oh, okay," I said, figuring there was no point in making this a bigger deal than it was. By acting casual I hoped this girl would go back and tell her I wasn't fazed at all... even as I wondered if this cute Asian-looking girl was another of her seductions, or just Bree's friend trying to mess with me.

"There's a gift for you in the book," she added, before turning and walking away.

I didn't really want to see what gift could be contained in a book, but I also couldn't leave something inappropriate in it for another student to discover... especially if, for some reason, it had my name on it.

I opened the book and found a folded blank white card. Inside was a colour photo of a standing younger girl with what looked like an older woman between her legs licking away, with the younger's hand at the back of her head. There was a caption: THIS IS WHERE YOU BELONG!

I couldn't believe she would be so brazen... then I laughed to myself... of course she's that brazen. But she's also delusional if she thinks one photo with an absurd caption would instantly make me switch teams.

That said, as I quickly folded the picture back up as another student came up to me to sign out a few books, I couldn't help but wish my husband could be that aggressive. Then I shook my head at even thinking that.

It was a couple hours later, while I was filing some books away, including, ironically, the lesbian psychology book Bree had checked out, when I was asked, "Ma'am, can you help me find a book please?"

I was looking at the bookshelf so I didn't see her, but by now her voice seemed to be forever imprinted on my brain... it was Bree. I turned and smiled, acting the exact same way I would for anyone else I was helping, "Of course. What book are you looking for?"

"A book called 'Under Her Control: Lesbian Dominant Submissive Encounters' by Dr. I.M.A. Rogue," she said, as I looked at her in a plaid skirt and nylons. She was one of the few college girls or adults, for that matter, I ever saw in nylons. Although the Dean had been in nylons that fateful day, and now that I thought about it, so was the Asian girl who'd returned Bree's book.
