 NOTE 1: In 2011, a special thank you goes to my two editors (Estragon and Steven B) and my good friend Julia who took their valuable time to edit, make suggestions and support my writing. In early 2019, thanks to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish.

NOTE 2: Of course, all participants are at least 18 years old.

NOTE 3: Warning---there is light bdsm...

NOTE 4: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th B'day (late summer, last weekend before her beginning college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (summer between sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (summer job after college)

*****

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor

My name is Bree. I'm in my first year of college; I'm a Lesbian MILF Seductress. I've been one for a bit less than a year now. I don't know what it is about me, but girls and women will do almost anything for the privilege of eating from my sweet nectar. At first it was just classmates in my high school (and a clothing saleslady and a first-year teacher) who were desperate for a taste, but I soon realized I had that effect on many women of all ages. Now I still seduce girls my own age, especially girls I suspect are virgins, or bitches who need to be put in their place, but for the most part I focus on MILFs.

Over the next few years, when time allows, I'll share with you some of my many seductions. There's nothing better than turning a sweet, cute, innocent, MILF into an eager, submissive, pussy pleaser. Having a MILF on her knees begging for just one taste is the ultimate turn on. Just the thought of such submission gets my tight, shaved, ripe pussy raring to go. Of course after I've corrupted her, stained her forever, I get bored and move on to another future dyke. I know it sounds heartless and I suppose it is, but I can't help it. As Popeye says, "I yam what I yam," or whatever the fuck he says.

After discussing my initial MILF target with my mother (yes, really!), for my first MILF seduction I decided to start with my neighbour, because although she wasn't my first seduction (although 'seduction' may be a bit inaccurate... far more like blitzing the quarterback than like a sweet come-hither), she was my first MILF and my best friend's mom. I began writing the story myself, but then I decided fuck it, let's have the slut herself tell the story. So I called her over to my house and had her lick me to an orgasm as I told her I planned on posting her story online for the world to read. She gave me her usual weak-willed protest, but I slid a toy in her cunt and told her she couldn't cum until she'd finished writing it. She was shocked that I was making her write it herself, and even more surprised when I instructed her to go to my computer and write it this instant. 

She reluctantly obeyed when I threatened her with a butt plug in the ass while she wrote. I have to admit I think she did a pretty damn good job. I should also note the ending includes a plot twist that even I didn`t expect until it happened. 

Without further ado...my MILF slut will tell you her story...

BECOMING A PLAYTHING, By Bree`s lesbian plaything Nadine

My nineteen-year-old Mistress has demanded I write the story of my fall a year ago from perfect suburban wife to submissive whore. Although it was humiliating, the truth is, in retrospect I wouldn`t change a thing...

My life changed forever in the blink of an eye, on May 23rd of last year. That was the day I unknowingly began my descent to becoming a sex slave to my eighteen-year-old next-door neighbour. My name is Nadine Winston and I'm forty-two years old. I'm a librarian at the local high school, a member of the PTA, and the president of the writer's guild in our town.

I have a daughter Katherine in college now, although she was in grade twelve when this all occurred and a husband (Dave) who is the best lawyer in town.

I'm a natural blonde, with blue eyes, long legs and small but firm breasts. I work out three days a week and always dress fashionably. 

We were having our annual summer-is-near barbeque with our neighbours when everything in my life changed. I was in the kitchen finishing the salad when Bree, my neighbour and best friend's daughter, came into the house. She was dressed in an incredibly revealing two-piece bathing suit that left very little to the imagination. She grabbed a glass of water and came and sat down. I was staring at her slutty outfit when she asked me, "Mrs. Winston, are you a dyke?"

Not only did the out-of-the-blueness of her question shock me, but also its bluntness. I sputtered, "Excuse me?"

"Are you a dyke? A rug-muncher? Do you like to eat pussy?" she asked matter-of-factly.

"I understand the question," I prevaricated, "But how could you ask me that?"

"You've been checking out my tits all day today."

"That's not true at all," I stated adamantly. "I'm just shocked at what your mother lets you wear." 

"Oh really?" she smiled deviously. "So you haven't wondered what it would be like to suck on my nice... juicy... young... round... tits?" She stood up and posed with her chest out to flaunt them right in front of me.

"Bree, you need to stop talking like that immediately!"

She ignored my command. "Never considered being on your knees begging to please me?"

I tried again, with sharp emphasis in my voice and a pointed finger, "Now stop your trashy talk, young lady!"

She was undeterred. In fact she moved closer to me, "Never thought about being my personal fuck toy? My personal slut?"

I tried to speak, but this time no words came out. 

She moved even closer, "Never fantasized about tasting my sweet nectar?"

"Bree, that is enough!" I demanded. 

"Oh no Mrs. Winston, I'm just getting started." She then grabbed my ass, squeezing my butt cheeks firmly. I tried to move away, but her grip was too strong. She whispered into my ear, "Mrs. Winston, you have a nice firm ass. I can't wait to fuck it with my strap-on cock." She then raised the front of my skirt and slid a finger into my pussy before I had a chance to resist. "Fuck, Mrs. Winston, you're kinda wet. You're a little lezzie, just like your daughter." She fingered me for a few more seconds, pulled her finger out and made a show of sucking my juices from her finger. She smiled and said seductively, "Not bad for an old cunt." And with that, she calmly and unhurriedly strolled back outside.

Stunned, I plopped myself down in the nearest chair. Had that scene just occurred, or was I dreaming? Or fantasizing? No, it was real all right. My still wet and quivering pussy was proof enough of that. Now I should note that Bree is a very attractive girl. She is pretty, sarcastic and outgoing. This mixture of traits created a certain aura about her that I could never quite understand. Although I wasn't a lesbian and had never even remotely considered experimenting, there was something oddly intriguing about this girl. 

Finally my daughter entered the kitchen and broke my reverie. "Do you need some help, Mom? Jeez, you look exhausted." I flailed for some decisiveness and handed her some of the finished garnishes to carry outside. She seemed satisfied and left. I sat stunned for a few minutes, until my daughter returned and asked if I needed any more help. This brought me back to my senses and I rushed to get the rest of the garnishes ready. I looked at my daughter, wondering about Bree's last words. Could they be true? Was my daughter a lesbian? No way, I answered myself. She was dating Zack, a big linebacker on the school's football team and a handsome young man. I banished the crazy thoughts from my mind and headed out to the backyard with the rest of the condiments for the burgers.

As we ate I tried to avoid any eye contact with Bree, but whenever I did look her way she was smiling at me with a mischievous smirk on her face. When everyone had finished their supper, Dave asked about dessert and I said I'd go and get it, like a good housewife. Bree offered to assist and even though I told her I could do it by myself, she followed me into the house.

Once we were back in the kitchen, things got even more out of hand. Bree once again grabbed my ass as soon as we were out of view and continued the degradation. She said, "Mrs. Winston, you're one hot MILF. The guys at school talk about fucking you even more than they do Katherine." The thought of young men wanting to fuck me gave me an initial ego-burst. However the thought of them fucking my daughter, I found extremely disturbing and uncomfortable. 

I pushed her hand away and insisted, "Bree, that's quite enough. How can you treat another woman like a piece of meat? That's what men do."

Bree laughed disdainfully. Somehow she had me backed up against the counter again, my hands pressed against it to brace myself. She took the opportunity as she must have seen it presented and grabbed my right breast harshly. "Oh Mrs. Winston, don't you understand? All women are either dominant or submissive, and you're submissive. You like being treated like a piece of meat. Even now, I can feel your nipple hardening."

"I am not submissive." I attempted once again to state my case insistently, even as I remained planted in place. But I realized she was right about my nipple. It was begging for further mistreatment.

Laughing harshly again Bree continued, "Yes you are; you don't even know it, but you are. You'll be my slut soon. You'll be begging to please me."

I was the one to laugh this time, an attempt at a disdainful one. It was pitiful.

She laughed back in convincing disdain. With a suddenness that seemed to be her nature, Bree grabbed a small carrot from the table. Before I had time to react, she slipped it under my skirt. I began to reach for her wrist, but she commanded through gritted teeth, "Don't you dare move, bitch!"

She'd said it with such conviction that it startled me into stunned motionlessness. Bree must have taken this obedience as compliance and casually slid the carrot up my vagina. I moaned in bewilderment as she pumped it in and out vigorously. I couldn't deny the pleasure with which my vagina accepted the raw vegetable. Just as suddenly as she'd begun fucking me, she removed it and replaced it with a finger. As she finger-fucked me, she asked menacingly, "Why are you so wet, Mrs. Winston? Despite what you say, you seem to be enjoying this immensely."

I squirmed in a half-attempt to escape her entrapment, but Bree increased her hold first by grabbing, then by pinching my breast. "Mrs. Winston, why are you allowing your eighteen-year-old neighbour to finger-fuck you?"

With all the force I could muster, I finally swiveled my hips forcefully enough to break away. "Leave now," I pleaded. 

Bree shrugged and popped the pussy-marinated carrot into her mouth, her twinkling eyes meeting mine. In an instant she'd left, appearing to head for the washroom upstairs. Having just been so near to an orgasm, I collapsed into the nearest chair and tried to compose myself. Even with Katherine entering and complaining about the length of time I'd had taken, all I could do was point at the fridge in a feeble attempt to get her to pick up the desserts and leave. With a quizzical though thoughtful look, she just accepted my implied request, carrying the desserts outside. Absentmindedly, I followed. 

When Bree came outside, she casually sat next to my daughter, laughing in conversation as if nothing unusual had just happened in my kitchen. My kitchen, I emphasized to myself in thought. Bree's aggressive behavior with me now appeared even more surreal, if that was possible. 

After dessert, the guys went next door to watch a ball game on a sixty-inch big screen as Carrie, who is Bree's mom, and I began to clean up. Bree just stared at me smugly, never breaking eye contact; but I did, frequently. 

During the next half hour I somehow managed to socialize with Carrie, though the image of her almost totally look-alike daughter was ever-present in my mind. Eventually I left Carrie outside to tidy up as I carried some more plates into the kitchen. Bree was waiting for me behind the counter. Cheerfully, she greeted me, "Hello again, Mrs. Winston. Ready to submit to me yet? I bet you'd love for me to finish what we started. Would you like another carrot? Or my finger this time? Or perhaps more than one finger fucking your horny cunt right here on the counter?"

I considered the submission aspect first. Hadn't I already done that? She had carrot-fucked me and finger-fucked me, both times close to orgasm. What on earth can she be thinking of that would be more of a submission than that? I shivered, not wanting to consider it further. 

Almost ready to resign myself to defeat, I had a sudden thought that perhaps Bree had another motive, so I sighed and suggested, "Bree look, maybe we can work something out. What do you want from me? Money?"

She laughed sarcastically. "Nadine," she whispered almost sympathetically. I noticed not only the change in tone, but also the familiarity of her calling me by my given name. "My parents make way more money than you and Dave do. I don't need your money. I want you between my legs. I want your submission, your never-ending affection for me, your very being."

Her superlatives stirred anger in me, "That will never happen," I snapped confidently.

Bree's smile never left her face, "Nadine, you don't have a choice. You think you do, but you don't. "

"I'll tell your mother," I responded defiantly.

She laughed, "What are you going to tell her, that you let her daughter fuck you with a carrot?"

I was about to respond with even more conviction when she continued, "Or that you're a little whore who eagerly wants to pleasure your neighbour's daughter?"

"Stop it right now," I said firmly.

Her anger reappeared with the same suddenness as earlier, "Shut it, bitch. You will be mine. I promise that you will eat my pussy and beg me to fuck your MILF ass. You will be my personal plaything." She paused, letting out an exaggerated moan as she demanded, "Now get over here and replace your daughter between my legs." 

Her obnoxious and absurd declarations startled me. I walked around the counter and was stunned to see my beautiful, innocent (or so I thought) daughter eating her best friend's pussy. The absolute boldness of such an occurrence happening right here in my kitchen was flabbergasting! Was there no limit to the risks she would take? No limit to her boldness? No limit to her exercise of power? I shivered again. 

As I tried to process this shocking sexual ordeal, her mother Carrie walked in. Bree immediately had Katherine stand up with her behind the counter, appearing casual except for my daughter`s mouth glistening with wetness. Carrie appeared oblivious to my tension, carrying on with the clean-up. 

The next few minutes were a blur as Bree and Katherine left and I chitchatted with Carrie. The night came to an unceremonious end when Dave came home drunk and passed out in our bed. Katherine called, saying she was staying over at Bree's. I lay in bed pondering what had happened, wondering why I had allowed Bree to do what she did to me. As I thought about the evening my hand seemed to move, against my will, to my vagina. I ended up masturbating myself to sleep, images of Bree`s aggressive attack on me refusing to leave.

*****************************

DAY TWO: MONDAY

When I awoke the next morning, images of the previous day had me performing my get-ready-for-work procedures in a dreamlike state. Thankfully once I got to work, my responsibilities took charge, and I navigated my day normally. I arrived home refreshed; in fact I felt ready to perform as any housewife whose husband would be arriving home an hour later. That quickly changed when I went upstairs to check on Katherine.

As I approached her bedroom door, I heard a clear moaning sound. Instead of knocking as usual, I found myself intrigued, so I silently eavesdropped. The moans became distinct words now, Bree's words. "Yes Katherine, make me cum. Eat my pussy!" My impulse was to barge in and stop this ridiculous conduct, but I resisted doing that and listened. Bree moaned loudly, "Yes my little slut, finger my cunt, make me cum, baby." Bree's moaning got louder until she finally screamed, "I'm coming, whore!" 

Shocked at the sounds coming from my daughter's bedroom, I was even more shocked when I realized that I'd been masturbating myself to near orgasm while listening to them. If not for hearing footsteps now approaching the other side of the door, I certainly would have brought myself to a rousing finish. Panic overcame me instead, and I rushed downstairs. I was feigning the beginnings of supper as Bree and Katherine joined me, holding hands. 

I was almost getting used to Bree providing shock value when she bluntly blurted out, "Your daughter sure can eat pussy, Mrs. Winston. I just came so hard all over her pretty little face. If I'd brought my strap-on, I would have found it very difficult to resist having her using it on me." 

Trying to get control of the situation in some way, I retorted, "Bree and Katherine, this has got to stop."

Bree chuckled and said, "OK, if that's what Katherine wants, I'll no longer allow her to eat my pussy or to take my strap-on cocks in her pussy and ass. Is that what you want, dyke?"

Katherine's face went as red as an apple and her head dropped. She shook her head in the negative. 

Bree, her voice raised, "Use words, slut. Should we stop doing what we're doing?"

I let out a gasp at hearing my daughter being called a slut.

"No," my daughter responded.

"No what?" Bree toyed.

"No I don't want to stop pleasing you," she barely got out, never looking up.

"Katherine," I began.

"Shut up!" Bree roared at me, and then said, "Slut, tell your mother what you just did to me."

"I-I-I ate your pussy," she stuttered.

"Was it good?"

"Yes," she barely got out.

"Who was the first person to fuck your tight pussy?"

"You were," she responded.

I wanted to stop this dialogue, but I was speechless.

"Who was the first one to fuck your ass?"

"You were," she said, tears running down her cheeks.

Bree then looked at me and said, "Your daughter and I are going to a movie together and then she's going to stay over at my house again tonight. I want to fuck her pussy and probably her ass, too. I'm hoping to make her feel like she's been gangbanged. Actually, I think I should set up an actual gangbang for your daughter, and soon." She paused for a second, moved towards me and said, "Unless you're ready to submit to me." I looked at her speechless and frozen. When I could find no answer, she grabbed my daughter's hand and walked her out of my house.
