 Summary: A spa owner is seduced and turned by seductress Bree.

Note 1: Thanks to Jedd for inspiring the story.

Note 2: All characters are at least 18, yada yada, yada.

Note 3: Thanks to: Tex Beethoven, Robert, Scott and Wayne for editing this story in 2017, and to Tex Beethoven for helping me add a fresh coat of polish in the spring of 2019.

Note 4: This story stands on its own, but if you want to read more BREE stories, check out the following (listed in chronological, not date published, order):

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pre-MILF (in Bree's senior year of high school)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Mom (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Neighbor (late in her senior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Chocolate (immediately following Neighbor)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bakery (a couple weeks after Neighbor & Chocolate)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: 30th bday (late summer, last weekend before going to college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Secret Santa (during her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Nurse (during her first and third years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Cop (summer after her first year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Pop Star (between sophomore and junior years of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Church Mom (immediately after Pop Star)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Spa (during the beginning of her junior year)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Bride (End of third year of college)

Lesbian MILF Seductress: Librarian (During her senior year) 

Lesbian MILF Seductress: In Flight (Summer job after college)

Prologue:

One of the bonuses to having pets (besides having someone to lick my cunt whenever I want, wherever I want), is the perks that come along with their various careers and jobs. Alma O'Riley the cop can fix tickets, Leeann gives me baked goods, etc. In Secret Santa you saw how I gave my professor, Yvette Garceau, one of the best seats in the house in a concert hall. I didn't have to pay for that ticket, my pet Kimberly was the solo cellist that night so the hall had comped her that ticket to give to whomever she wished. This story is about how I turned the Vietnamese owner of a day spa and in the process, gained myself another perk.

--

Hoa was one of the last people to leave Vietnam at the end of the war; she was just two when her family fled the violence. Her parents first settled on the U.S. gulf coast, with her father working in the seafood industry like many of his countrymen. Over the years, Hoa, who in America went by Jane (in large part because of the taunt-worthy American homonym for her birth name), had gotten an education, worked hard, moved to Boston, and now ran a successful spa in the uburbs. Her niece Christine worked part time at the spa. She wasn't really Jane's niece but their families were close, so she called Jane her aunt the way people are called 'Uncle Bob' or 'Aunt Susie' when in reality they're just long-time family friends.

Jane had let Christine begin working at the spa two years ago to earn some spending money. Her niece now having just turned twenty, she'd noticed a change in the blossoming young woman. Her clothes had gotten racier, she was more flirtatious with men, and to Jane's surprise she was even demonstrating being attracted to some women. This sort of independence was frowned upon in a traditional Vietnamese household where arranged marriages, while not being common still weren't unheard of either.

Jane recalled her own clash with those traditions. At 36, while technically old enough to be Christine's mother, she was somewhat midway between her 'aunt' and her niece's parents. She could still remember the uproar when, at 22, she'd refused the young man her parents had chosen for her. Jane was already in a relationship, but she'd kept that scandalous tidbit hidden from them; her refusal itself was bad enough. It wouldn't have been tolerated in the 'old country', she'd have gotten married even if she had to do it while she was tied up and refusing to say 'I do'. But here in America, which was unfortunate in her parents' estimation, there was no legal way they could force her.

Fourteen years later she was no longer with the same guy. She'd fucked a few guys more recently, though not many... she found that in the heat of the moment she got wild and out of control, even taking it in the ass once... feeling mortified an hour later when her asshole was aching and still had sticky cum leaking out of it. So although she loved sex... especially sucking cock and being fucked hard... and although her submissive side was pretty much given free rein in her job, which was very much about serving her clients and pleasing them to their own satisfaction... she rarely let herself go by allowing another person to control her in the bedroom. It had been over a year since anything besides her fingers or her one and only vibrator had been inside her.

With all that said, deep inside, somewhere she wouldn't admit even to herself, she often wished she were more like Christine. She harbored no desire for other girls, nor did she dare parading around with the rare guys she fucked. But she did want the chance not to hide a relationship from her parents. Paradoxically, even though they were very disapproving that a 'woman of advanced age' such as herself brought 'shame upon the family' by not yet being married, they also highly disapproved of the idea that their 'young slut of a daughter' might have a boyfriend. She longed for a situation where she wouldn't have to worry if someone she knew would see her with a man and tell her parents. How they could possibly hear things all the way down in Houston was beyond her, but hear they did. So in that respect she envied Christine, who had no qualms with her pseudo-sexuality.

Little did Aunt Jane know though, there was nothing pseudo about Christine's sexuality. What Jane saw and heard about was only the tip of the iceberg. Christine loved sex. She'd accidentally popped her cherry while riding a horse at summer camp. So when she'd experienced her first cock, she didn't have to endure the usual pain associated with the initiation. In fact, she'd become addicted from the beginning and was off and running. She'd sucked cocks of all sizes and races. She'd fucked guys her own age. She'd fucked older guys. She'd been spit roasted. She'd been DPd. She'd been in a gang bang with seven guys who'd given each other constant cheers and high fives as they'd taken turns in all three of her holes... it was almost as complex a choreography as a Virginia reel, but messier. (And they'd given out before she had.) Christine felt she was a champion fucking machine. But then she met Bree Sommers.

Bree Sommers was in the spa one day for a manicure-pedicure. The first procedure was already accomplished and Christine was assigned to the pedicure. As she massaged Bree's feet, Bree seemed lost in thought. She was thinking, of course, of another turn. It had been over a month now (which was a long time by her standards). She wondered whether it should be another MILF, or someone closer to her own age. She specialized in MILFs, of course, but on occasion she liked turning a younger girl. They were easier to turn, and while she loved the challenge of conquering a new MILF, sometimes an almost sure thing was a nice pick me up. And girls were often up for most anything.

As Christine gently worked over her client's feet and toes, she happened to glance up. She was only slightly shocked to see the girl wasn't wearing panties under her tight short skirt. Christine knew most girls her age were pretty relaxed about such things. She needed only to look to herself as an example: she frequently went without panties herself, including today.

Looking more closely, she saw her client was shaven, again like herself, and even seemed to be wet. She took a quick look to see that her client's eyes were shut, and that she even seemed a bit distracted. She wondered what the girl could be thinking about to be so aroused. Surely not just this foot massage. Whatever it was, it got Christine to thinking.

For all her sucking and fucking, Christine had never been with a girl before. Not that she was opposed to the idea, she'd often considered it. She'd occasionally tasted herself and wondered how other girls might taste. She'd wondered how it might feel to have another girl touch her. She'd long since decided she'd be happy to ride a girl's face or have her own ridden if the opportunity presented itself, it just never had. So now she wondered whether this girl whose wet twat was only a couple feet from her face was into girls. She knew that many, if not most, girls nowadays were bi and unashamed... apparently being straight was so prior decade.

Bree, rousing from her thought process, opened her eyes, but just a crack. She hadn't come up with a target, and it was annoying her. Sure, she had a number of lezzie sluts she could call on to pleasure her. While the number didn't come close to rivaling her mother's stable (Bree herself was one of her mother Carrie's pussy-pleasing submissive sluts), she didn't have nearly the years of experience Carrie did, but even so her total was close to twenty, so she wasn't doing too shabbily. But Bree was longing for a new turn, a fresh new tongue. Her mother had warned her early in her training not to be greedy... 'less is more' she often said, and she also advised that Bree needed to learn to control her impulses. But... the desire to turn a straight girl or woman could be overwhelming. It was addictive.

But her mother stressed that if you controlled yourself, then when the conquest did happen it was that much sweeter, and the new pet that more loyal. It wasn't a question of morality, but one of focus and effectiveness. If you couldn't limit your own impulses, you began a downward spiral, essentially becoming a lezzie slut, and usually becoming a full-time pet yourself. That made no sense to Bree, but her mother/mistress/instructor was likely right. She usually was, and the sexual results she herself achieved proved it. But the impatience of youth made it hard sometimes. And over a month, more like six weeks, was beginning to seem like an eternity. She happened to glance down secretly at the Vietnamese girl giving her the pedicure and smiled.

Bree hadn't even noticed that lost in her thoughts, her cunt had become moist. She was thinking of her sorority president with her nice nimble tongue. The very night she'd turned Alma O'Riley the cop, who was now an intimate member (and yes, I do mean it that way) of Governor Greene's personal security detail, her mother, an emeritus legend herself in the Chi Eta Pi house, had turned Bree's bitch of a house president... oh, the memories. Bree had always regretted that night a bit, disappointed she hadn't done that herself. She'd wanted to shut the bitch up with a mouthful of pie, her pie. But her mother doing it was almost as good. Bree's mother, and her mother before her, were like mythical goddesses in that house. And after Bitsy's submission (really, Bitsy? With a name like that, she was begging to be turned), Bree never let her forget who she was, and frequently used the coed's mouth for pleasure. She'd done so just this morning, in fact.

Now that memory, along with her longing for a new tongue, had gotten her horny and damp. And the pretty Asian, already conveniently kneeling at her feet, based on the redness of her cheeks had already noticed Bree's dampness... which was confirmed by her staring at her box.

Bree decided to test the waters, even though she was confident she'd found her next cunt muncher. "So... like what you see?"

Christine looked up and asked, slightly embarrassed to be caught because she was supposed to be detached and professional, "Ma'am, whatever do you mean?"

Bree, horny and confident, and deciding she wanted a new tongue lapping her cunt, said bluntly, "I couldn't help but notice Miss, that you've been staring at my wet snatch."

Christine was surprised by the bluntness but seeing an opportunity to explore some girl on girl action, she answered nonchalantly, "Perhaps I was."

Bree said sternly, "It's simple a yes or no question."

Christine wasn't put off by such an authoritarian response... truthfully, she loved when a man took charge and just used her as his personal fuck slut... and now she was envisioning being used as a personal cunt licker. She decided to be blunt herself and answered, "Yes ma'am, I was. I'm curious why you're so wet."

Bree answered honestly, one of her better traits (usually), "I was thinking of another slut who slurps my slit regularly." Bree then shifted her seat and spread her legs slightly wider to look directly down at the Vietnamese girl and signal her intentions clearly, "although I'm always on the lookout for another girl who'd like to eat some peach pie."

Christine, who could feel her own cunt dampening from the promising conversation, decided to try and sound both sexy and eager, "Well, I see a split peach not far away, and I do love fruit. I've never sampled such a pie before, but I love exploring new desserts."

Bree's snatch grew wetter by the second. This girl hadn't munched cunt before, and she wasn't only looking forward to her first taste, but she was offering the information. What utter luck! A new tongue and she didn't even have to work for it... and Bree knew from experience that when a virgin cunt muncher's first cunt was hers... she was hers for life.

Since the girl was already in the correct submissive position, Bree was about to order her to get licking, when she was surprised to see her rise briskly and head for the exit. Bree was shocked! Sometimes cunt virgins played hard to get, but Bree had read this encounter as a slam-lick type of seduction and was surprised she might have read it wrong. One thing Bree was excellent at was seeing through the often-conservative exterior of a woman and detecting their true salacious core underneath the façade of respectability. This setback of course didn't end the seduction, it just meant she'd have to work a bit more to make this cute Vietnamese woman into her slut.

That brief moment of insecurity disappeared as quickly as it had arrived when Bree saw that the Vietnamese girl was only locking the door.

Bree climbed out of the pedicure foot basin, walked to a chair, uncaring she was leaving wet footprints across the plush carpet, sat down and raised her skirt. Christine approached and faced her, dropped onto her knees, her head just inches from Bree's thighs, grinned saucily and said, "I'm Christine."

"I'm Bree," Bree responded, happy she'd originally read the situation right as usual, and scolding herself for doubting her instincts.

Christine quickly added, showing her eagerness to explore another woman as well as a bit of sprightly independence, "No, right now you're not the cheese course. Right now... you're dessert."

Bree, not usually given to being shocked, gasped with appreciative laughter as without any further ceremony the girl placed her hands onto Bree's knees, spread them apart, leaned forward and snaked her tongue through the wet folds of Bree's juicy peach slit. Christine's tongue was everywhere. It was obvious she hadn't done this before. But holy fuck was she an avid novice!

Christine licked, tongued, slurped, and sucked Bree's cunt as fast and as loudly as she could, eager to get the pretty girl off and to taste the full nectar of a woman's cum. She enjoyed the taste of male cum and if a woman's cum could taste as good as the wetness she was currently licking, she was about to have a new favourite taste.

Bree moaned as the tongue now started stabbing into her hole. There was no technique, no teasing, just a ravenous hunger.

Christine devoured her first pussy with an insatiable appetite, and she knew this one would definitely not be her last. She didn't know if all twats tasted this good, in fact she doubted it. But she knew there had to be many that were tasty, and she intended to try as many as she could... to become a cunt connoisseur. She wrapped her hands around Bree's butt, drawing as much pussy into her mouth as she could.

Bree twined her fingers in the girl's hair, pulling her closer, not wanting to let her go.

Backing off was the furthest thing from Christine's mind. She moved to Bree's clit. This was her first time as a carpet muncher, or in this case a smooth sailor, but she knew the power of her own clit and could readily extrapolate. As she popped the pearl into her mouth, she started sucking and nibbling on it.

Bree almost levitated to the ceiling at the sensation, impressed by the eagerness of this first timer. She was a natural! "Oh fuck yes, you little slut," Bree moaned as she slammed her mound into the new girl's mouth. "Oh yeah! Right there! Suck it, suck it, suck it!"

Christine obliged, enjoying what she was doing and the slutty way she was being treated. Not only did she decide immediately that she loved the taste of pussy, but much like it was when she had a cock in her mouth, she was the one controlling the pleasure. Going for the orgasmic kill, she nibbled on the clit and sucked it hard between her lips.

Bree erupted! She tightened her fists in the girl's hair and ground her cunt on the girl's face.

Christine was close to getting off herself, just on the knowledge that she'd caused the other girl to orgasm.

As Bree pulled Christine's face into her spasming twat, Christine gripped Bree's ass tightly, riding out the orgasm with her. She kept the clit firmly between her teeth, even as she jerked her head back and forth like a dog in a tug of war with her person. "Oh fuuuuuck," Bree moaned as she came down from her orgasmic high. Her abs and cunt were twitching with aftershocks.

Christine was proud of what she'd just done, but she'd grown aroused herself at the delicious consequences of this new experience, and she wanted her own release. She flipped up her skirt, happy she'd also gone commando today, and she moved up Bree's body. As she kissed her, Bree kissed back, always turned on by the flavour of her own pussy.

Bree balked though, as Christine stood and gently placed her hand on the back of Bree's head, slowly but firmly trying to draw Bree's mouth to her own needy pussy.

"Wait, what are you doing?" Bree objected, aghast at being treated like a pet. Actually in the heat of the moment, she had considered licking the juicy peach in front of her, but her domme persona took charge and she pulled away, knowing she had to resist this luscious prize until she had established the proper hierarchy of sub and domme.

"I thought you'd want to return the favour," Christine replied lustily, surprised to find herself pushed away. "I gave you a good cum, so now I thought you would give me one. At least it sure seemed like you had a good cum. Didn't you?"

"Oh very much so," Bree nodded.

Christine smiled at this confirmation of her accomplishment.

"If that was your first time, you, my dear, are a natural. But sadly for you, I don't eat pussy," Bree explained. She decided the new pet, of course she would be a pet, didn't need to know that in reality she did eat her mother's pussy, plus a few other select twats (who would remain nameless except that one of them was a governor) that her mother loaned her out to, though those were rare occurrences.

"You don't?" Christine asked, confused and still horny.

"I'm a Mistress," Bree explained. "Mistresses don't eat cunt, although they do have other ways to train a pet."
