 The days were growing shorter and about a month had passed since Jane had been involved in what she preferred to call a sexual experiment with Jasmine. Oddly, they hadn't run into each other at the apartment building since and Jane had convinced herself that their lack of contact was a good thing. She had also convinced herself that she was more than mildly insulted by Jasmine's inference that she was a lesbian. She insisted that Jasmine plied her with alcohol and then took advantage of her in a weak moment. The very idea of her being a lesbian was ridiculous. 

On top of that, work was hectic and Jane had little time for any social life or pleasurable pursuits. She was working a few hours of over time every day and was even going in for a few hours every Saturday. Hopefully the large backlog of work, that had come about as a result of her employer taking on a new and very demanding client, would soon be caught up and life would once again return to a leisurely, more comfortable pace. She was finished tweaking the marketing plan she'd created and was no longer discussing it on a daily basis with her co workers. On the one hand, she was glad that the onerous task of preparing the program was now finished. On the other hand, she did miss the of mantle of authority and importance that she wore while preparing it. 

It was a Friday night and once again, she had worked late. Now, as she stepped out onto the street, the clock was nearing 8.00 p.m.. A light snow had started to fall and Jane began making her way along the busy street. The soft snow looked wonderfully serene as it drifted slowly to the ground, giving some sparkle to an otherwise dark and unfriendly street. Along with the beauty it imparted to those walking along the street, it also gave cause for concern. Jane shuddered as she realized that she had to walk all the way to the streetcar stop wearing high heels on a snow covered sidewalk. 

It took all of ten minutes to make it to the stop and when Jane got there the public address system announced that they were experiencing hold-ups on virtually all routes because of a sudden increase in the number of transit users. Thousands of people who normally drove their cars around the city had opted to take public transit because they didn't want to drive on the slippery, snow covered streets. 

Her streetcar had more than the usual number of transient people aboard. Transient riders were quite common on the city's public transit system after 7 o'clock at night. Most were street people and they rode the system all night long to avoid the freezing weather. Drivers tried to get rid of them to make way for legitimate commuters, but they typically met with little success. With few exceptions, hygiene was not one of these transients main concerns and as a result, they brought the smell of the dirtier quarters corners of the city with them. 

A particularly gross man in his fifties, dressed in greasy jeans, a nylon jacket and a blue toque, sat across from Jane and leered overtly at her legs. He intentionally dropped his packet of cigarettes so that when he bent down to pick them up, he would be afforded an opportunity to leer up Jane's dress. She probably wouldn't have minded if he'd been a young, good looking professional. In fact, when she was younger, Jane would often wear a skirt with a flared hem on the streetcar and spread her legs slightly whenever there was a handsome guy sitting across from her. It gave her an odd feeling of power whenever a good looking, well groomed, professional man tried to see what treasure lay at the top of her shapely thighs. 

Tonight however, Jane didn't appreciate having some dirty old wino looking up her dress and she instantly gave the filthy wretch a withering look. He smiled, almost apologetically, revealing a crooked row of yellow teeth. Then, seemingly no longer interested in trying to catch a glimpse of Jane's panties, he looked away. 

The ride home took more than an hour and Jane was frazzled by the time she finally reached her stop. Riding the streetcar late at night had never been an enjoyable experience but this night had been particularly trying. 

When she stepped off the streetcar she was shocked to see that the light snow flurries she'd witnessed when she started her journey home had turned into a small snow storm. 

"Just what I need!" she thought, cursing silently under her breath. "I'm tired and hungry and sickened from riding with a horde of stinking, unwashed savages. Then, after being forced to endure that indignity, I have to walk up to my apartment in a snow storm. Some day I'm going to leave this disgusting shit hole of a city and move to a quiet little home in the countryside, hundreds of miles away from this garbage can full of uncivilized barbarians." 

With that, she set out with all of the resolve she could muster. The sidewalk was greasy and the street lights were far too dim to allow safe navigation on such a nasty night. However, about ten minutes later, she breathed a sigh of relief as she turned up the front walk of her apartment building. 

She never saw it coming! In less than a split second, one of her heels slid off the sidewalk and onto the snow covered lawn. Down she went with a muffled thud! 

The fall left Jane temporarily dazed. She had landed hard and her head was still spinning. She had just struggled to her knees and was trying to get to her feet, when she felt someone's hands take hold of her arm. 

"Jane, are you alright? My God that was a horrible fall! Can you move your arms and legs ok? Did you hurt your back?"

Jane held fast to the arm that was supporting her and looked up to see the concerned face of Jasmine. She looked genuinely worried, so Jane quickly tested her arms and legs to ensure that nothing was broken. She didn't feel any pain and everything that was supposed to move, did.

"I think I'm ok Jasmine. My heel just slid off the sidewalk. This darned snow took me and the rest of the city by surprise." 

Jasmine was still quite concerned. "Let me help you into the building Jane. You have to come up to my apartment and have a glass of brandy to dull the pain and take the chill out of you. If you've hurt or broken something, it may not become apparent for hours and you shouldn't be alone until you're sure everything is ok. Thank goodness I was on my way to the laundry room and saw you take that horrible fall"

Jane chose not to argue. Jasmine was genuinely concerned and it wouldn't hurt to have a little company after the lousy day she'd experienced, even if it was the company of someone who had falsely accused her of being a lesbian. "That sounds like good advice Jasmine. I can't thank you enough." 

With that, she took hold of Jasmine's arm and the two of them headed into the building. The floor was a little slick as they made their way through the lobby, but both were extra cautious and made it to the elevator without incident. 

They hadn't seen each other in about a month. Jane had forgotten just how pretty Jasmine was and was quickly warmed by her cheerful, caring personality. 

"Where have you been Jane. I've been keeping an eye out for you over the past month but haven't seen hide nor hair of you? I hope you're not angry with me for being so forward the last time we were together. Sometimes I tend to get too friendly too quickly with people who aren't into me as much as I'm into them. If I insulted you, I am truly sorry."

Just then the elevator doors opened and the two stepped out into the hallway. As they walked along the hall towards Jasmine's apartment, Jane began to rethink her earlier indictment of the comments Jasmine made on the night that they'd been intimate. 

"I guess I just over reacted Jasmine. I enjoyed our encounter a lot more than I thought I should have. Then, to avoid dealing with my negative feelings, I went into some sort of strange denial mode. I actually enjoyed myself immensely but didn't want to admit how excited I was by the things we did."

The words came easily to Jane. She hadn't rehearsed them or even thought about another encounter with Jasmine. But now that this beautiful woman was here with her, the words flowed effortlessly. Jane knew that her vehement words of denial were simply an attempt to hide her true feelings and her real nature. In truth, she was madly attracted to Jasmine and felt like a school girl experiencing her first crush. 

As they entered Jasmine's apartment, the soft fragrance of sandalwood enveloped Jane. It was intoxicating and just seemed so perfectly appropriate for a lovely women like Jasmine. 

"Would you like a brandy or would you rather have wine Jane? I have both, but I intend to have brandy myself because today has been an exercise in stress." 

"Brandy is just what I need too Jasmine. I've been working so hard for the past month that I haven't had time to do anything other than sleep, eat and go to work." 

Jasmine turned and walked over to the cupboard in the kitchen. Jane watched her as she moved. She'd forgotten what a lovely figure Jasmine had. Not only did she have an hour glass shape, she was also remarkably pretty. Some girls just seemed to have more than their fair share of physical beauty. 

Jasmine returned to the sofa with a pair of snifters and a bottle of brandy. She set the glasses on the coffee table and suggested that Jane put the foot that had slipped, up on a pillow atop the table. She grabbed a pillow from the back of the sofa, placed it on the coffee table and then gently helped Jane raise her foot and lay it on the pillow. 

The brandy tasted delicious and the two quickly fell into a conversation about all of the events that had taken place since they'd last seen each other. Time passed quickly as they chatted happily and when Jane finally looked at her watch, she was shocked to learn that it was almost midnight.

"Oh my God Jasmine! It's almost midnight. I have to get back to my apartment. I have a thousand things to take care of!"

She quickly jumped to her feet only to learn that her ankle was not ready to cooperate. She winced with pain and fell back onto the sofa. 

"You're not going anywhere on that ankle tonight Jane. You can't fall and twist your ankle and then a few hours later get up and carry on as if nothing had happened. You can stay here in my bed tonight and I'll take the sofa. All you need is a good night's sleep and tomorrow morning you'll feel one hundred percent better."

Jane didn't particularly like the idea of sleeping in someone else's apartment, but her ankle was hurting and she didn't want to risk damaging it more by walking on it before it had a chance to heal.

"I guess I don't have much choice Jasmine. This ankle isn't going to get better by walking on it. Maybe a good night's sleep is just what I need." 

Jasmine agreed and took her arm to help her make it to the bedroom. As they were shuffling across the room, Jane realized that she hadn't had her shower. 

"Oh Jasmine. I'm sorry, but I have to take a shower. I can't get to sleep if I don't have a shower at bedtime. Do you mind if I use yours?"

Jasmine giggled, "Of course I don't mind. Cleanliness is next to godliness Jane. I'll get a towel and then help you get into the tub. You can undress in the bathroom or in the bedroom. It's up to you."

"I think it will be a lot less messy if I just get undressed in the bathroom Jasmine." 

The bathroom was on the small side, but both women were able to fit in comfortably. Jane wanted to get undressed right away but as she reached for the buttons on her blouse, she realized that she needed Jasmine's help. She was fear stricken at the prospect of Jasmine seeing her naked and considered forgoing a shower. Instead, probably because of the three or four brandies she'd had, she simply swallowed hard and began to undo the buttons. 

Jasmine wasn't looking at her, rather was rearranging bottles of soap, shampoo and conditioner. When she finally turned and looked at her, Jane had already removed her bra and was undoing the waist button of her skirt. Jasmine's eyes went directly to Jane's breasts and Jane heard her take a deep breath and look away, somewhat embarrassed. 

"Jasmine," she said, half whispering, "it's ok. I've seen your breasts and you weren't the least bit shy about showing them. It would be sort of foolish for me to hide like an innocent maiden at my age, so please don't feel as if you have to look away."

Jasmine looked directly into Jane's eyes and with a slight quiver in her voice said, "I just didn't want to embarrass you Jane. I think you're beautiful and don't trust myself to be satisfied simply by looking at you. I was looking away to avoid the temptation to touch you."

Jane was shocked by Jasmine's admission. She'd thought that her admiration of Jasmine's beauty was a one way affair but now realized that that wasn't the case at all. Obviously, both women were very taken by each other's beauty all along. She gave Jasmine an understanding look and reached out to her. The two embraced for a few minutes and then, without any warning, Jasmine put her arms around Jane's neck and pressed her soft red lips tenderly to Jane's. The kiss started off warm and gentle and then began to grow in intensity and meaning. Within seconds, Jane was kissing Jasmine back, a powerful longing was surging through her like a raging river. Their lips parted and their tongues darted hungrily in and out of the other's mouth. Jasmine's mouth tasted sweet like sugar and brandy. Jane's tasted sensual and lust charged. The kiss lasted about 2 - 3 minutes and left both women breathless and excited. 

Jane reached for the button at the waist of her skirt and undid it, allowing the skirt to fall to the floor. Then she pushed her panty hose down over her hips along with her thong style panties. In seconds she was standing before Jasmine, totally naked and feeling not the least bit immodest. 

Jasmine stood there, a look of shock on her face, running her eyes up and down Jane's shapely body. She was mesmerized. Jane's breasts were large and firm with soft pink nipples and deliciously puffy areolas. Her waist was pinched and lean, supported by wide, shapely hips and long muscular legs. At the top of her thighs was a dense tangle of jet black pubic hair, so thick that it covered her genitals completely. 

"My God Jane. You're absolutely beautiful. I can't stop looking at you. Please forgive me."

The words were music to Jane's ears. Like most women, she'd always been a little insecure about her looks, so Jasmine's adoring words instilled the sort of confidence that can only be bestowed by someone you care for. 

"Your tits are just fantastic Jane. I want to take a picture of them and hang it over my bed so I can look at them every morning and every night." 

Jane giggled nervously, "Well, I've felt yours Jasmine. Would you like to feel mine?"

Jasmine didn't have to be asked twice. She immediately reached out and, with gentle tentativeness, touched one of Jane's breasts. Jane reacted to her touch with a soft moan of pleasure. Jasmine's hands were gentle and loving and moved over Jane's breasts as softly as a the touch of a butterfly's wings. Jane closed her eyes and allowed the encounter to unfold silently. Jasmine's fingers continued to glide slowly over Jane's breast in unspoken adoration. 

As Jane stood there, her head leaning back and her eyes closed, enjoying the intensity of the moment, she felt Jasmine's lips moving down her neck, down over her breasts and coming to rest on her nipples. She kissed each nipple softly, lovingly, slowly sucking it into her mouth and moving her tongue over it seductively. As she kissed Jane's eager breasts, her hand moved slowly down over her tummy and into the thick tangle of Jane's pubic hair. Her fingers moved deep into the soft bush and began searching for her labia. She found them, hot and wet with excitement, and slid her two middle fingers between to explore the inner delights of Jane's warm, receptive cunt. 

Jane was so sensually provoked by the soft touch of Jasmine's fingers and the sweet taste of her lips, that she had to lean back against the bathroom wall to avoid falling. All the while, Jasmine's loving assault continued unabated until Jane was ready to scream with the excitement that was possessing her. That's when Jasmine stopped kissing her breasts and slowly began running her lips softly and seductively down over Jane's tummy to the thick patch of pubic hair that she found so irresistible. 

Jane suddenly wanted, in fact, needed to hold Jasmine in her arms and return the passion that she was feeling. 

"Jasmine. Stop!" she said in a voice choked with passion. "I want to hold you in my arms too! I want to kiss your tits and feel the heat of your pussy too! Let's go to the bedroom. I need to be just as busy loving you as you are with loving me." 

Jasmine got to her feet immediately, took Jane by the arm and gently supported her as they left the bathroom and went into the bedroom. When they got to the bed, Jasmine threw the duvet off and helped Jane recline on the sheets. Then she quickly removed her clothing while Jane laid before her, looking at her in a state of sexually induced awe. As her clothes came off, Jane once again found herself looking hungrily at Jasmine's large succulent breasts with their chocolate nipples and fascinating areolas. Her breath caught in her throat as Jasmine's panties came off, revealing her thickly curled matt of black pubic hair that was slightly parted down the center. Jane could see Jasmine's dark, turgid outer labia with just the delicate pink tips of her inner labia protruding from between. 

Jasmine kicked her panties out of the way and virtually fell into Jane's outstretched arms. Their lips came together and remained locked in a passionate kiss that seemed to go on forever. They were no longer seeking gentle reassurance from each other. Instead their hands moved hungrily over one another. Their breathing became heavier and their hearts beat faster as each, with fingers that trembled with passion, explored the tits and cunt of the other. 

Jane wasn't exactly sure what she should be doing as she'd never before had a full blown sexual encounter with another woman. She pulled away and looked into Jasmine's eyes. "What are we supposed to do when we make love?" she asked with just a hint of embarrassment in her excited voice. 

Jasmine stopped immediately. "We should do whatever we feel like doing Jane. We should both have an orgasm and if we can have them at the same time, that will make the sex so much better. Have you ever received cunnilingus or given cunnilingus to another woman?"

"Well. I have been eaten out several times, but never by another woman. And I've never eaten another woman out... ever."

Jasmine thought for a second and then asked, "Would you like me to eat you out Jane?"

Jane's reply came immediately, "I want you to eat me out so badly Jasmine."

Jasmine smiled happily. "Do you want to eat me out Jane?"

Again there was no hesitation from Jane. "I want to eat you out so badly Jasmine."

Jasmine smiled again and with a mischievous look said. "Well, if we want to have an orgasm at the same time, then we'll have to eat each other out at the same time. I think we should do it 69 style Jane."

Jane looked a little confused, but Jasmine quickly explained the position that had to be assumed to make mutual oral sex possible. Jane was actually turned on by the description and quickly moved to the other end of the bed. The two then rolled over with their faces looking directly into each others pubic mounds. Jane moved her face closer and pressed it hungrily into the thick matt of Jasmine's bush. It was hot and moist and smelled slightly musky with just a hint of her sandalwood body wash fragrance. Her curly matt of cunt hair had a slight natural part along her labial slit and the dark, turgid lips of her cunt looked absolutely succulent. Jane couldn't resist and pushed her face eagerly into the minge and felt for Jasmine's cunt lips with her tongue. As soon as she found them, Jasmine moaned loudly with excited approval. The swollen edges of Jasmine's labia were wet and slippery beneath Jane's tongue and when she began licking gently, Jasmine opened her thighs wide by lifting one leg and propping it up so that her cunt lips spread apart, allowing Jane easy access. As her sweet chocolate thighs opened to allow Jane's loving access, her plump outer cunt lips spread just enough to completely reveal the bright pink lips of her inner labia and her swollen clitoris.
