 Hello, let me introduce myself. My name is Kelly. I'm a nurse. I work full time and have two children. I'm in my early thirties. I have a nice body, at least that is what I'm told. I think I could stand to lose a pound or two. The power lifting I did when I was younger still makes my body look very muscular. So, you get the idea. I'm in fairly good shape and very busy.

One day, while I was trying to get some rest, one of my friends came over. Her name is Victoria. I've known her for about three years. She has money and likes to flaunt it. She just got back from a vacation in Mexico (lucky girl, I wish I had time to go on a vacation. Hell, I wish I just had time) and wanted to tell me about it. I was in the kitchen making us some tea while Victoria sat on the couch. She was droning on and on about how fun Mexico was. I wasn't really listening too much so I missed the whole story about a necklace she wanted to show me. When I sat down beside her, she held out a beautiful pendant necklace. 

Victoria said, "Look at this pendant Kelly. Isn't it pretty the way it changes colors. If you look real hard you can see beautiful designs in it. Look hard concentrate on the pendant, concentrate on the pendant, nothing but the pendant..." 

The next thing I knew it was four hours later and Victoria was gone. I called her on the phone and she told me that when she was showing me her new necklace I fell asleep. She thought I must have been very tired. So she let me sleep and showed herself out. I apologized to her and told her she could come over tomorrow to show it to me.

She said "That will be nice. I am looking forward to tomorrow." 

I couldn't believe I was that tired. I'd never fallen asleep like that before. That night after I got the kids to sleep I was feeling a little horny. I decided to masturbate. It felt really good but I couldn't cum. Right at the point I thought I was going to cum it would subside a little. I tried for about an hour. Finally I gave up, and put it down to nerves.

The next morning I woke up as horny as I went to sleep. I thought I'd play with myself after I get the kids off to school. As soon as the door was closed when the kids left my hand was down my pants. I needed some relief. I played and played but could not quite cum. I just happen to look at the clock. "Oh shit," I thought, "I'm going to be late for work. I need to stop masturbating, but I need to cum." Finally, I gave up and went to work.

When I got home from work I wanted to play with myself again, but Victoria showed up.

"I'm sorry I fell asleep on you yesterday. I must have been more tired than I thought," I told her.

Victoria said, "That's ok, dear. I just wanted to show you my pendant." 

She held it up and it glistened beautifully. I couldn't take my eyes off of it.

Victoria said, "Look at this pendant Kelly. Isn't it pretty the way it changes colors? If you look real hard you can see beautiful designs in it. Look hard, concentrate on the pendant, concentrate on the pendant, nothing but the pendant..." 

I couldn't believe I fell asleep again. "She is going to think I don't care about her necklace," I thought. "Which I don't, but I do care about her feelings." I called her up and we went though the same conversation again. Once again, she'd be coming over tomorrow. I got the kids fed, bathed, and off to bed. I was so horny I needed some relief, but it happened again. I couldn't cum. I needed it badly. The next morning it was the same way. That made two days in a row I was late for work because I was masturbating and I still didn't orgasm.

The rest of the week went the same way. Every time Victoria tried to show me her necklace I would fall asleep. I would apologize and make plans to try again. Every moment I had alone my hand was down my pants and I was trying to find that orgasm that kept eluding me. The whole week was a horny frustrating blur. I was desperate now. I was to the point that when I couldn't cum while masturbating I would start to cry. I needed relief more than I ever had. I would do anything, or so I thought.

It was Friday, I was so happy I didn't have to work and I'd gotten the kids off to school. I had all day to find that orgasm that I needed so badly. I had been at it for about three or four hours, I'm not sure. I was tired and extremely frustrated, on the verge of crying. I was almost there but that was where I stayed - almost there. When a knock came at the door, I didn't know weather to be sad that I was being interrupted or happy someone was breaking this frustrating cycle.

I answered the door; it was Victoria. She probably wanted to try to show me that stupid necklace again.

"What's wrong, Kelly?" Victoria asked.

I was a little embarrassed. I probably looked terrible and my house must have smelled like my overworked sex. I didn't know what to say. I hoped she didn't notice the smell but she must have, it was so strong.

"Nothing I'm just a little tired, that's all," I answered.

"Do you want me to come back later?" she asked. Yeah, she noticed the smell.

"No, come in, I'm fine," I told her.

Victoria came in and sat on the couch. We had some small talk and then she said, "I know what's wrong with you, Kelly".

"Oh really, and what's that?" I asked in response.

"You're horny and frustrated because you can't cum." Victoria said.

"What?" is all I could come up with. "How does she know?" I thought. "Is it that obvious to her? I know she can smell me, but the smell doesn't say I can't orgasm."

"Well, I have a little confession to make," she said.

"What, have you been spying on me?" I said angrily.

"No, no, not anything like that. I hypnotized you," Victoria told me.

"Are you crazy, what are you talking about?" I asked, confused.

"You know all those days I would come over and you would fall asleep?" she asked.

"Yeah," I said cautiously.

"Well, I've been hypnotizing you. Well, not so much you, more your pussy," Victoria said.

"What?" was, again, all I could say. I thought Victoria must have been going crazy. This made no sense.

"Yeah, I've been hypnotizing your pussy. I've been making it a lesbian. The only way that cute little pussy of yours is going to cum is if it rubs against my pussy," she said.

Well, I'd heard enough of this crap. I kicked Victoria out of my house. As she was leaving she said, "When you're ready to orgasm I will be at my house, but you are going to pay for treating me like this. I will humiliate you before I let you cum."

It had been a week since I talked to Victoria. When we talked last I had thought she was crazy with all of her talk of hypnosis. I was beginning to think there might be more to it. I hadn't been able to cum, and it wasn't from a lack of trying. I had masturbated three to four times each day. The frustration was to the point that I cried every time I masturbated when I didn't cum. I just couldn't seem to orgasm. It's like it was right there but it never happened. I couldn't believe was going to go to her house but I needed relief. I was willing to try anything. I wanted to find out what she did to me.

On the drive to her house I began to think this was a stupid idea. She couldn't have hypnotized me like that, could she? If she did, what was she going to make me do? This whole thing didn't make a lot of sense to me. Why would she want to do this anyway? I was getting mad thinking about it. The closer I got to Victoria's house the madder I got. 

I finally arrive at Victoria's house. Before I could knock on her door, she opened it. Victoria stood there with a smirk on her face and said, "Well, well, well, looks like Kelly's little lesbian pussy is calling the shots now."

"Ok, what did you do to me?" I asked angrily.

Victoria said, "How rude," as she slammed the door in my face. I was stunned, I didn't expect her to do that. So, I knocked on the door. "What," is all Victoria said. 

"You better change me back," I told her.

"No," was her only response. 

"I will go to the police," I shouted though the door.

"And tell them what exactly, that you were hypnotized and can't orgasm now? I think they will just laugh at you. They have more important things to do than listen to a crazy woman. Don't you think?" Victoria said sarcastically.

"Please stop doing this to me," I said, almost crying.

"What was that? Did 'please' just come out of your mouth?" she asked.

"Yes," was all I said.

"Well, now all I need is an 'I'm sorry,' and I might let you in." Victoria said.

"I'm sorry, please let me in so we can talk," I said. As the door opened Victoria said,

"You can come in, but any more rudeness and you will leave. I won't let you come back for a long time. What would your little lesbian pussy think of that?"

"Don't talk to me like that," I said sharply.

"That was very close to rude. I will talk to you any way I like. I'm in charge here," she said.

"Ok, ok, sorry just change me back to normal," I said.

"I don't want to and even if I did I can't what's done is done." Victoria replied.

"What did you do to me?" I asked, not sure I really wanted to hear the answer.

"For the last couple of weeks, I've been hypnotizing your pussy so to speak, to be horny, but to only be able to orgasm when it rubs against my pussy." Victoria said. "The reason I say I hypnotized your pussy and not you is because you are still the same. Straight girl Kelly that doesn't like girls now has a nasty little slit between her legs that will only be able to get off when it kisses another pussy. I like that idea, don't you?"

"No," I said.

"The question was rhetorical, but it's ok, the more you tell me you don't like girls, knowing that your pussy will only respond to another pussy, makes me hot," she said.

"I don't care what makes you hot or gets you off," I said.

"You better start or I won't let that little dyke pussy of yours kiss mine and get off to relive that frustration of yours," Victoria said.

"I don't believe you. You can't do that to a person," I told her.

"Well, the only way to find out is to rub your pussy against mine isn't it?" she said.

"I don't know," I said.

"Take off your pants and panties and we will find out real quick if I'm right or wrong," she said.

"Ok, but when this doesn't work, I want you to undo what ever you did to me," I said, as I was taking off my panties.

Victoria had me lay on the floor with my hips on top of a pillow so my crotch was propped up in the air. She than stepped between my legs and slowly brought her pussy within an inch of mine. This was very uncomfortable, being naked in front of her while she stood above me with her pussy inches away from mine. This was the stupidest thing I had ever heard of or done. I couldn't believe I was doing this. I almost stood up when she asked me, "Are you ready for the best feeling you've ever had on your pussy?"

"Yes, just get it over with," I told her. 

When her pussy touched mine, it was like nothing I had ever felt before. It was the most wonderful feeling I have ever felt. I was in heaven and at the same time I was sick to my stomach, because I knew she was telling the truth. The only way I was going to cum was if my pussy was rubbing hers. And, just like that, she stepped away. I was in agony because I hadn't cum yet. My pussy wanted more. I wanted to cry. I knew I needed more because my pussy was in charge now, my lesbian pussy was in charge. I was so overheated from the last two weeks, I knew I would do any thing she told me to just to be able to cum.

"More, please I need more," I said.

"If you want more, you will have to work for it," Victoria told me with a smile on her face. I knew this wasn't going to be easy. She pulled a chair in front of her full-length mirror and told me to strip all the way. I didn't want to but there wasn't anything I could do. I needed to cum. While I was taking off my clothes, she got out a dildo.

"I want you to sit in that chair and watch yourself masturbate," she said.

"Don't make me do this," I told her.

"Do you want to cum or not?" she asked. I slowly sat down and stared playing with myself.

"Open your legs wide, bitch, I want to see that cute little pussy of yours," she said. I opened my legs wide for her amusement. I was shaking, it was so humiliating.

"Here, use this dildo," Victoria told me. I took the dildo and rubbed it on my pussy.

"No, fuck yourself with it," she said. I couldn't believe I was going to fuck myself in front of this sick woman, but I did. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something else while she did this to me. 

"Look at that nasty wet pussy of yours," she said. I looked between my legs in the mirror and saw my pussy was real red and puffy. My pussy was so wet it was actually leaking out of me onto the chair. I wanted to cry. I knew I wasn't going to cum this way. So did Victoria, she just wanted me to humiliate myself for her, and I did.

"Fuck yourself harder, ream that cunt out, bitch," she said, and as I did, I started to cry.

"Yeah, that's it, whore. Fuck that pussy, fuck that pussy like it's never been fucked before," she said. I did. I was fucking myself so hard it hurt. The dildo was a blur as it pounded my pussy. There was a puddle of pussy juice on the chair now.

"Are you watching yourself in the mirror, bitch?" she asked.

"Yes," I said between sobs.

"Watch that pussy. Look at that nasty drooling cunt between your thighs. See how it's oozing juice out. It's getting all over the place. I don't think I've ever seen a pussy leak so much juice before. Have you?" she asked." No" is all I could choke out.

"Is your cunt a nasty cunt?" she asked. "Yes," I told her.

"No, I want you to look right at it and say it," Victoria said. So I looked directly at my poor abused pussy in the mirror and said, "My cunt is a nasty cunt." 

"That's better, so cum. Let that nasty pussy of yours cum all over that dildo," she said.

"I can't cum," I said, crying and looking at my pussy in the mirror.

"Why not?" she asked.

"Because my pussy need to rub against your pussy," I said.

"Your what? I wouldn't call what's between your legs a pussy. Look at it, leaking juice like a faucet. No, that's not a pussy," she said. I knew what she wanted me to say, but it was hard.

"My nasty leaky cunt needs to rub against your pussy to cum," I said choking out the words.

"And why is that?" she asked.

"Because my pussy is a nasty leaky dyke cunt," I said.

"That's right, and that nasty cunt need to kiss my sweet little pussy to cum doesn't it," she said. 

"Yes, my dyke cunt need to kiss your pussy to cum," I said.

"Because your nasty dyke cunt is in love with my pussy, isn't it?" Victoria said. I was still crying and fucking myself hard with the dildo. I still couldn't cum. I had to say all of these nasty things for her. She had control of my pussy and my pussy had control of me.

"Yes, my nasty dyke cunt is in love with your pussy." I told her.

"Ok, stop fucking your dyke cunt. That's a dildo not a pussy, so it's not going to make that cunt of yours cum is it," she said. "No," I said as I pulled out the dildo. It made a plopping sound when it came out of my pussy. "Well, don't just sit there. Clean all your nasty cunt juice off of my dildo, bitch," Victoria said. I got up to go wash it off in the bathroom. She stopped me midway there and said, "Use your mouth to clean your nasty juices off." It was hard, but I started to lick my juices off the dildo.

I had never tasted myself before. It didn't taste like I thought it would. Well, I don't know what I thought it would taste like. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. A little salty but not unpleasant. Wait, what was I thinking? I should be grossed out, shouldn't I? I didn't know. I was getting so confused. While I was doing that she climbed onto her bed and said, "If I'm going to let your nasty dyke cunt have sex with my pussy, I want your straight mouth to have sex with it first. Got it, bitch?" 

I looked at her with tears in my eyes as I said, "Please don't make me do this." As she spread her legs, she smiled at me and said, "You'll get use to being a slave to your nasty cunt. I think your dyke cunt already likes being a slave to my pussy, don't you?" "Yes," I said lowering my eyes. I couldn't stand to look at her. "Look at me and say it," she said forcefully. I looked at her and said, "My dirty dyke cunt likes being a slave to your pussy." It was the hardest thing I had ever had to do. I knew it was just the beginning of a lot of things I was going to have to do that would be very hard for me.

"Very good, now if that dyke cunt of yours wants to cum, it better get you over here on your hands and knees. So that straight little mouth of yours can fuck my pussy and make me cum. You got that, bitch?" Victoria said. I said, "Yes," as I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled over between her legs. 

I didn't want to do this. I'd never licked a woman's pussy before, I'd never wanted to lick a woman's pussy before. As I put my mouth on her sex she said, "That's right whore, I want you to fuck my pussy with your cute little straight face. I want to cum all over it. So when I let your nasty dyke cunt have sex with my pussy I can look at that straight face with my pussy cum all over it. Knowing while your cunt is getting off all you can smell is my sweet pussy." I started licking faster hoping to get her off quicker so she would shut up. This was the first time I had tasted another woman. I had an idea what she would taste like now, after tasting myself. She tasted similar to me, but I think she tasted a little more pleasant. I can't believe I thought that. "No," I told myself, "this is gross. She tastes gross." It was bad enough that I had to do this, but the way she talked to me and made me talk was more humiliating than any thing that had ever happened to me. 

"Slow down a little, bitch. We've got a lot of time. I've got my very own straight girl to be my cunt licking whore. Oh, that feels good. Look at me and tell me what you are," she said. I looked up at her with her pussy juice all over my face and said "I'm your cunt licking whore," with tears in my eyes.

She gyrated her hips up and towards me and said, "Suck that pussy, bitch." 

I put my mouth over her whole pussy and started sucking as hard as I could.

"Oh, that's right, bitch. You'll be doing this a lot. You never know, you might start to like being my cunt sucking whore," Victoria said. I don't think so I thought. "You will be doing this whenever and wherever I want. Do you understand that, slut?" she said. "Yes," I said through her pussy. "No, bitch, say it," she said.

"I will suck your pussy when and wherever you tell me to," I said. 

"And why is that?" she asked. 

"Because I'm your cunt sucking slut," I answered.

"That's right, bitch," she said as she bucked her hips into my face. 

She started doing that fast and hard. Grinding her pussy into my mouth. The whole time screaming, "I'm fucking your face. I'm fucking your face," over and over. "Straight girl Kelly's got a mouth full of pussy," she said as she ground. "Straight girl Kelly is my personal cunt sucking bitch. Come on, bitch, make me cum all over your pretty straight face," she said. I was crying and sucking as hard as I could, trying to get her to cum as fast as I could.

"Yeah, slut, I'm going to cum," she screamed out, bucking harder. Every time her pussy smashed into my face she would say, "Suck my cum, suck my cum," over and over until she finally came down from her orgasm. 

"Whew, that was good, you are one of the best cunt suckers I have ever had. I can't wait for a couple of months after you have had some practice at it. You'll be the best cunt sucker in this town. I might even let my friends borrow that mouth of yours. Just imagine my little straight girl Kelly being prostituted out as a cunt sucker to all the lesbians in town. Won't that be nice, bitch?" Victoria said. "Yes," I said with tears in my eyes. "Tell me you would love it slut," she said. 
