 It's been two weeks since I've had an orgasm, and I'm starting to get desperate. I know what I have to do , but I don't want to. I've delayed the inevitable, but I can't delay it any longer. I call Victoria on the phone. 

"What do you want?" she asked.

"I need to talk to you about something," I said. "I think you want more than to talk, don't you?" Victoria said. "Tell me exactly what you want. And maybe. I will help you, depending on how you ask it." 

I had no choice. She was going to force me to degrade myself for her amusement. I said, "My nasty dyke cunt wants to have sex with your sweet little pussy so she can cum."

"You seem to be learning your place quite well," Victoria said. "You can come over today at 11:00. Don't be late or there's no pussy for straight girl Kelly. Oh, and shave that nasty slit of yours. I want to see it drooling all over itself for me pussy." 

The kids were at school, so I went directly into the bathroom after I got off the phone with Victoria. I was very nervous about shaving my pubic hair off. I had never done any thing like that before. All kinds of things were running though my head. Why does she make me do these things?

I lathered up my mound and got the razor. I was shaking so bad I thought I might cut myself. When the razor touched my skin it sent a jolt through my body that ended right in the center of my humiliation, my pleasure. As I watched my pussy become smooth I could see it leaking its arousal. 

I hated this, yet part of me was clearly enjoying it. This made my face redden with humiliation. How did she do this to me? When I was finished I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked like an embarrassed school girl. My pussy was smooth and my face was red. At the same time I looked like a wanton slut with juices leaking down my thigh. I got dressed and headed out the door.

On the drive to Victoria's house I could feel my pussy becoming wetter the closer I got. This did two things. It humiliated me. Which in turn made me angry. Anger that my pussy would make me swallow. I knew there was no way I would lash out at Victoria. Not if I wanted to cum. Not if I wanted relief from my constant state of horniness.

The first thing she made me do was a striptease for her until I was naked. I've never striped before. I didn't know what to do. This was so humiliating. I knew I must have looked like a fish out of water. She probably liked the way I looked. I gyrated my hips and squeezed my breasts. I tried to look sexy. I wanted to cry. The whole time she was taunting me saying things like, " How does it feel to be stripping for a girl, just so you can get to her pussy straight girl Kelly? Pretty soon you won't be straight girl Kelly any more. You will be queer girl Kelly."

When I was finally naked she had me dance around a little more. 

"Now bitch , spread your legs so I can look at that disgusting slit of yours," Victoria said.

When I spread my legs I could feel a cool rush from the air hitting my pussy. My lips were opening up with juice all over them.

Victoria said , "Oh, look at that. That sick hole of yours is opening up for me to look at. That dyke gash of yours loves to be humiliated."

I was shaking and wanted to cry but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction 

"Look at it. It's so gross. It's got dyke juice all over the place. It's running down your thighs and there's strands of cum going from lip to lip. It's slobbering all over itself just at the possibility of getting close to my pussy.". 

I couldn't help myself I started to cry. Her taunting was too much. 

She saw me crying and with a smile on her face said, " There, there, straight girl Kelly it's okay. I just turned your nice little pussy into a gross disgusting dyke cunt, and I love knowing that I have changed that nasty hole of yours forever." 

She got up and put two chairs face to face. I was dreading what she had planed. I knew it will be full of humiliation for me. As she walked to her bedroom Victoria said, " Sit down and spread your legs as wide as you can. So that nasty dyke gash of yours will open up and put herself on display for me."

I sat down I spread my legs as wide as I could and looked at my pussy. Victoria was right it opened right up just like she said it would. It was red and very swollen. My lips opened up and you could see arousal all over them. It was wetter than it has ever been. I started to cry again, she had turned my nice little pussy into a nasty gross dyke cunt that would worship her pussy forever. Now I would have to worship her pussy because my pussy was in control of me.

When she came back she had two dildos in her hands. She looked directly at my pussy and said, "Oh, look at that, isn't that nice. I've got my very own nasty dyke cunt in heat lusting after my pussy. I've never seen a cunt that wet before and it's wet for my pussy. I love knowing that I have turned a straight girl's pussy into a pussy loving dyke cunt that can't get enough pussy."

I sat in that chair with my legs spread as wide as I could. With my pussy on display for her and tears in my eyes. She loved every minute of my humiliation and I knew it had just started. She was smiling at me and said, "I want you to rub your cunt while I undress, whore." When I touched my pussy it sent a jolt through my body. It disgusted me I wanted to throw up. My pussy wanted to be her pussy's little bitch and it was permanent. I started to cry again. This just spurred her on. "What's wrong straight girl Kelly?" Victoria sneered. "Does that nasty dyke slit of yours like watching me undress?"

"Yes," I admitted, my fingers strumming my clit. 

When she was finished undressing she sat down in the chair in front of me. She is in her early 30'. Very small 5'2" or 3". Blond shoulder length hair. Soft blue eyes that can turn hard and pierce to your soul. Nice breasts C'. Very pretty. Why do I feel drawn to her? She picked up the two dildos. "One for me," she said. "And one for you.". However, hers was only the size of an average cock. The one she handed me was a monster. It was twelve to fourteen inches long and as big around as my wrist. I started rubbing it against my pussy, no way could it fit inside me. I would be ruined. 

Victoria looked into my eyes and said, " No, fuck that dirty gash of yours, bitch."

"I can't." 

"Do it bitch."

I tried to push the monster inside of me. I was very wet but the dildo was a lot larger than anything I have ever had in my pussy. It just didn't fit. I was pushing hard and it hurt a lot. 

"Ram that cock in there," Victoria said. Her eyes were like laser beams, locked on my pussy. "Show that dirty dyke cunt what it's supposed to be used for. It's supposed to be for cock not pussy, isn't it slut."

"Oh God, yes!" I screamed in pain, finally forcing the head into my opening. "My dirty dyke cunt is supposed to be for cock not pussy." With one final grunt and push I got it to go in. My pussy was stretched full - stretched to the limit. 

Victoria looked at me with a smile on her face and said, "Yeah bitch, stretch that cunt out. Make it feel good." 

Victoria was busy playing with her pussy while watching me ruin mine by stretching it out too far. I started pumping the dildo in and out. Every time it came out it was wetter and wetter. The pain started to subside and pleasure came creeping in. We were both moaning now.

"Oh yessss, this feels good straight girl Kelly," Victoria said. "Does it feel good to be fucking yourself while watching another girl masturbate?" 

"Yes," I moaned. 

"Yes what, bitch?" she said.

"Yes, it feels good to fuck myself while I watch you masturbate." I was panting now. Panting like a dog. Her dog. 

She was building close to orgasm as was I. 

"That dirty cunt of yours looks so good being stretched out," she sneered. "Maybe that's all it needed. Maybe you will be able to cum with your nasty whole all filled and stretched out."

I was moaning and panting louder. Maybe she was right. Maybe that was all my pussy needed. A big cock, not a girl's pussy, would be enough to make me come.

"I think you will be able to cum," she said. "From a cock. Just like a straight girl should."

I was almost there. The pleasure was rippling through my body. I was shaking uncontrollably. 

"Are you going to cum?" Victoria moaned. "Is straight girl Kelly going to orgasm with a cock jammed all the way up inside of her cunt?" 

I screamed "YESSS" as loud as I could. Just as I thought I was going to cum it went away a little and stayed at that level. I fucked myself harder – trying to recapture the moment. However, the harder I tried to catch my elusive orgasm, the further it ran from my reach.

"I can't cum, I can't cum," I cried. Tears fell freely from my eyes.

With my admission, Victoria started bucking wildly on her dildo saying, "Kelly I'm cumming all over a cock. Like you used to but can't because you've got a pussy hungry dyke cunt between your legs. Ohhh Yeaaah, this feels good. Knowing you can't cum pushed me over the edge. I love knowing straight girl Kelly can only cum when she has another pussy between her legs. I made you that way. I made my very own dyke whore that will do every thing I say out of a straight girl." She slowed down as her passion subsided.

I was crying uncontrollably now in my frustration fucking myself hard. 

"Oh yeah baby, oh yeah, my little dyke slut," Victoria said. "Ram that dildo into your dirty cunt while you cry," and she started cumming again. When she calmed down she brought her dildo to my mouth and said, "Here clean my cum off of this cock while you fuck yourself, bitch."

She was pumping the dildo into my mouth while she pinched my nipples and said, " Pretty soon you will be used to girl cum," as she twisted my nipple painfully hard. She told me to stop fucking myself. I pulled the dildo out. When she saw me do that Victoria said, "Put that cock back in that dirty dyke cunt of yours. I told you to stop fucking it, not to take the cock out,"

Victoria handed me my panties and said " Put these back on with that cock inside of you," I pulled up my panties with a puzzled look on my face. The panties held the dildo tightly inside of me. She patted my panty covered crotch and in a little girl voice said "There, now the dyke is all nice and filled up," and giggled at me. Victoria handed me her panties and said "I'm satisfied tonight so the only thing you get is my panties. You need to go home and fuck that nasty dyke cunt of yours all night with that cock while you smell my panties. When you come back tomorrow I will check to make sure your face smells like my pussy. 

I began putting on my clothes while crying and pleading with her to let me cum. "Please let me come. I need it. Oh God, I will eat your pussy and let you do anything with me you want," I bawled. 

"You will eat my pussy and I can do anything I want already," she said. "You are my dyke slut slave, my fuck doll. You are a sex toy that's all. Just like a dildo - nothing more. I used you to get off and tonight I got off watching you fuck yourself knowing you can't cum. I made you that way. I made it so all the things that used to get you off won't anymore. Only my pussy will get you off."

She opened the door and said " Now go home and fuck that nasty cunt of yours while you smell my panties and don't wash your cunt. Be here tomorrow at noon."

I left crying. Once in the car, I threw her panties on the passenger seat and sat down slowly because of the dildo inside of me. On the ride home I got curious and picked up her panties. I brought them to my nose and smelled them. Instantly my pussy started gushing liquid out of me. I couldn't help myself I pulled the car over and started playing with myself. I was rubbing my hand hard into my pussy pushing the dildo in deeper. It felt so good I kept rubbing and pushing the dildo hard into me. I wanted more. I started playing with my nipples. My hips were bucking as I fucked myself with the cock. I pinched one of my nipples and it sent a jolt right to my pussy. I humped forward while I inhaled deeply into Victoria's panties. I was so close to orgasm. Than I realized what I was doing. I was fucking myself with another woman's dildo while I smelled her panties and was hotter than I had ever been in my life. I started to cry and threw the panties down. I drove home in tears.

The rest of the evening was spent in frustrating agony. Oh, how I wanted to orgasm. I kept wondering how much the dildo was stretching me out. Then reality hit me while I was cooking dinner. One of my kids asked me if I hurt myself, because I was walking funny. I could feel my face get very hot. It took everything I had not to start crying right there in front of my children. The rest of the night I made a big effort not look like there was something wrong in front of my kids. That just added to my humiliation. As I lay down for the night, I realized I left Victoria's panties in my car. I started to cry because I wanted to go out to my car and get them. I couldn't believe I wanted to play with myself while I smell a girl's panties knowing I can't cum. How was she able to do this to me? I hated her and at the same time I want to smell her panties. I went to my car and got them. 

Before I got back into my house I already had them against my nose inhaling deeply. Immediately my pussy started leaking around the dildo, down my thighs. I was crying again I was turning into her pussy girl and knew I couldn't do any thing about it. I laid down with her panties in my face and my hands between my thighs. My pussy loved every minute of it. I rubbed and fucked it for about an hour the whole time smelling her panties. I couldn't stop myself my pussy felt so good. It kept spurring me on. 

I tried to take the panties away from my nose but the pleasure in my pussy would disappear. I started crying more, I knew the only way I would be able to cum now is while I smelled pussy. I started fucking myself harder, while inhaling deeply into her panties. I was in heaven. My pussy wanted more and I wanted to give it more. I licked her panties while I rammed the cock into my pussy. I fucked myself hard while I pinched and twisted my nipples. Smelling and licking her panties the whole time. If I could do this forever I would. It felt so good. Nevertheless, I couldn't quite cum. I kept thinking about it and than a strange thing happened. It started turning me on. Me, not my pussy. Victoria was able to turn me, a straight girl that has never even thought of kissing let alone have sex with a woman, into her little pussy girl. A sex toy. I was so hot and turned on thinking about us masturbating. She could cum any time she wanted but I could only cum if she let me. I was almost there. She had taken away my ability to cum without her letting me. She could use me any way she liked and I loved it. I loved having to do every thing she wanted. I loved having a nasty gross dyke cunt between my legs, and I loved her for making me this way.

I pulled the dildo out of my dirty dyke cunt and sucked all of my nasty dyke juice off. I know she would like that. I put her cock back in me and pulled up my panties. I went to sleep with her panties under my nose hoping to dream of her pussy. 

The next day when I drove over to Victoria's house my dirty dyke cunt was full of her cock. My nose was in her panties and I was leaking nasty dyke cunt juice all over the seat of my car. I loved every second of it. My car smelled like nasty dyke cunt. It was strong because she wouldn't let me wash it after every thing we did yesterday. I arrived at her house and knocked on the door. My pussy was so excited, my juices ran all the way down to my ankles. 

Victoria answered the door and said, " Ohhhh, look at you. Isn't that precious? You are leaking dyke juice all the way down your legs. Do you want my pussy straight girl Kelly?" 

Her words made my pussy spasm. They still humiliated me but it made me even hotter.

"YES" I said while walking in to her house, "I want your pussy." 

"I know," she said with a smile. When we got to her bed she said, " You know what to do bitch," I stripped and spread my legs for her she said " Very good whore," . While she was looking at me the dildo started sliding out.

Victoria said, "Oops, looks like that tight cunt of yours isn't so tight any more." Her words were turning me on and I started to gyrate my hips. I reached down to push it back in.

"No," she said, stopping me. "Let it fall out that cunt. It wasn't made for cock anyway. It was made for pleasing pussy." A jolt of pleasure shot through my body with her words. My nipples were hard as rocks. She was right. My cunt and mouth were made for pleasing pussy. She picked up the dildo and smelled it.

She said "Whew, that cunt of yours is ripe isn't it, bitch. It smells nasty, a nasty smelling cunt for a nasty dyke whore," Her words were cutting right to the center of my pleasure. I wanted to throw her down and fuck her right now. She brought the dildo to my mouth and said " Suck that nasty dyke cunt juice off ." I opened my mouth. It was too big to fit inside, so I licked and sucked at the dildo, cleaning it with my tongue and my face. 

"Yeah bitch, show me what you are good for, sucking up that cunt juice. Do you love it? Do you love cunt cream and girl cum?" 

I started pinching my nipples and nodding my head yes. Victoria sat down on the edge of her bed. She spread her legs and hiked up her skirt.

"Come over here and show me what else that mouth of yours is good for pussy girl Kelly," she sneered.

I was too far gone to care, and quickly scrambled over between her legs as fast as I could. I put my mouth on her pussy and started sucking right away. 

"You love my pussy don't you?" she said. 

I just grunted in her pussy and sucked harder. She started to grind into me face and said " Yeah bitch, you love my pussy. You love being my pussy girl slut. Don't you whore," I just kept sucking. She grabbed me by my hair and pulled me away from her pussy and said "Tell me bitch,". I had pussy cream dribbling off of my chin.

I said " I love being your pussy girl slut."

"Are you straight girl Kelly?" Victoria asked. I answered " No, I'm your pussy girl dyke slut that can't get enough girl cum."

"I know bitch," she sneered"I made you that way and I took away you ability to cum. Does that excite you pussy girl Kelly?"

"Yes, it makes me hot to think about you turning me into a dyke slut that can't cum unless you let me." And it was true. She pulled my face back into her pussy and said "Good, keep fucking my sweet pussy with that dyke mouth of yours pussy girl Kelly. Just think -- I may not let you cum today. I may not let you cum ever again." With those words my cunt actually squirted juice out. I didn't cum but I shot juice all over her bed. I couldn't believe how excited I was that I couldn't orgasm unless another woman let me. I loved knowing another woman controlled my orgasms. She could keep me this excited forever if she wanted. Wherever I went my cunt would be squirting juice all over itself and me. I wouldn't be able to hide that I was a nasty dyke in heat. Victoria started bucking into my face hard and said " I'm going to cum in your mouth bitch. Do you want my cum, whore?"

In between sucks I screamed " Yessss, I want your cum. Cum in your nasty pussy girl's mouth," 

And she did just that. 

"Fuck, this is so fucking hot," she cried. "I can cum all I want – anytime I want. And you only cum when I say." 

As soon as she started to cum my pussy started to squirting all over the place again. I couldn't cum but my cunt was squirting everywhere. Uncontrollably. I was hotter than I have ever been. 

When she calmed down she had me put my cunt against her pussy. It felt wonderful. I was in heaven. She started grinding her pussy against mine. Victoria told me to pinch my nipples. I pinched and twisted them while pulling them away from my chest and letting them snap back.
