 Author's Note

This story is a story of hope. Every effort has been made to not make political statements or offend anyone. Special thanks to Oggsbashan and Lauren-Hynde for advice on the history, attitudes and religions involved.

CET

Sarah Goldblum moved through the bazaar in Cairo feigning the stunned and rather vapid look of a western tourist. The myriad of sound and color had long ago lost its ability to mesmerize her. She dodged merchants hawking their wares, women in traditional dress shopping, and tourists, with an almost unconscious ease. 

Sarah wore jeans and a conservative top, along with a baseball cap. Her long blonde hair was done up in a ponytail, and the expensive camera bounced at the end of its straps with each stride. The man walking next to her was slightly shorter than her six feet and was darkly handsome in his Hawaiian shirt and shorts. They looked like any western tourists, stopping often to examine the wares and occasionally arguing loudly in English with a vendor, over a price.

Jachin was totally at ease, but Sarah was nervous. The cover of American tourists worked best, but with the state of politics in the Middle East, it was inherently dangerous to masquerade as Americans. From her point of view, it was doubly dangerous, because they could very easily end up in trouble that had nothing to do with The Jackal and his militants. 

Jachin was a good agent, but he was careless sometimes, especially when it came to the ladies. While he assured her that he hadn't said or done anything to blow their cover last night, Sarah was extra wary as they moved around today, keeping an eye on their only link to the terrorist cell, a thin Palestinian called Ahmed. 

"Stop worrying," her partner whispered. "You're too tense, too watchful. Americans don't act like this."

"Nor do they cry out in Yiddish when they cum," Sarah shot back.

"A regrettable mistake, but come now. The girl was a German tourist, not an Egyptian whore," he said with irritating smugness. 

"I don't like this place. There are too many eyes on me," she said sullenly.

"Oh no! Blonde hair, tits like ripe melons, legs up to your ass... There are always eyes upon you, Sarah."

She was covertly watching a short man who was staring at her from under his long lashes. She could feel his hatred for her, as if it were a physical blow.

"The blonde hair was not my idea, as you well know. When the eyes are sizing me up for a potential roll in the hay, it's one thing. That is not the feeling I get now," she whispered urgently.

"Pah, I could make a small fortune pimping you to these animals. Your problem is you haven't had a man in your bed in too long. Why I... He's moving."

The words were spoken softly, but the hard edge let her know exactly whom it was. Sarah turned and moved purposefully towards the alley where their man had just ducked out of sight. Jachin was two steps ahead of her, and only that saved her life.

As she rounded the corner, a wave of intense heat and a violent shockwave threw her to the ground. Jachin didn't even have time to blink as the car exploded, sending thousands of shards of glass and bits of metal into his body. Sarah caught some fragments in her arms, but she was spared the full blast of the explosion. People were screaming, running in all directions and diving for cover. An ambulance pulled up and two men leapt out, ignored the several bystanders who were down, and none too gently placed Sarah on a stretcher. 

Her mind was foggy and she was disoriented, but she knew something was wrong. Once inside the ambulance, she realized it was just a panel-van with no medical equipment of any kind. She started to rise, but a foot slammed into her chest and forced her back down. The man who had been staring at her with such malevolence suddenly appeared in her vision. He jabbed a hypodermic needle into her arm and, within moments, the world began to spin. Sarah lashed out and broke the leg of the man who was standing on her chest, using her elbow as she had been taught. She actually made it to her feet, before the drug sent her conscious mind spiraling into darkness.

