 Ch. 02: The Gym

The Usual Disclaimers: If you are under 18 or this type of material is illegal where you live, please leave now. The author does not condone rape or abuse in anyway, remember this is a fantasy and all characters are fictional.

Any comments, complaints or suggestions would be greatly appreciated. If you have emailed me before, please note the new email address. Thank you.



My name is Katrina, I am a 30 years old and single. I am 5'7" 130 pounds with long red hair and green eyes. My long shapely legs and 36 C breasts have gotten me a lot of attention through the years.

I have been bisexual since I was 15 when I was seduced by an older girl from the cheerleading squad. It did not take me long to realize I was a control freak in bed as well as in other parts of my life. It helped me become a successful person in the business world but sometimes it scared off potential sex partners.

Lesbian Rapist - The Gym

Some evenings I like to go to a local gym and work off the stress and tension that has built up after a long day at the office. 

It was 9:15 at night and I was running on the treadmill. When she walked into the gym her beauty took my breath away. She was a younger woman but God she was gorgeous, 5' 4" short blonde hair, blue eyes, long tan legs. She had big breasts that looked firm in her sports bra. She also had on a pair of lycra bike shorts that hugged an incredibly sexy ass.

I was usually the only woman here this late and the guys had learned the hard way that I was a lesbian and knew to either be nice or to keep their distance. I was almost finished with my workout but continued running as I watched the blonde move from station to station.

I overheard her telling a guy that she was just here for a quick workout and she was almost done. I finished and headed for the womens locker room. It was deserted like I knew it would be.

I undressed and wrapped myself in a towel like I was preparing to take a shower. I heard the door open and close and watched her walk by. I got up and quietly followed her. I was going to be nice and I introduced myself. I told her my name was Katrina and asked what her name was. She gave me a cold look and said it was Kim. 

"Nice to meet you Kim, I was wondering if you would like to go for a drink?"

She sneered at me and said, "Listen, the guys warned me that you were a dyke, I am not gay so leave me alone!!"

If she had said no nicely I may have left her alone, but she really pissed me off with her rudeness and insulting attitude. It had been three months since I forced Patti to have sex with me. Every time I think about that night it gets me excited. The feel of power and control was always overwhelming.

Right then and there I decided I was going to take what I wanted and before I was through Kim might like what I was about to do to her. If not well that would be her problem.

She turned toward her locker, Before Kim could get the locker door open I pushed her body hard up against it. I grabbed her by the right arm and bent it painfully behind her. She tried to fight me as I pressed my body against hers pinning her between me and the locker. During the quick struggle my towel had fallen to the floor leaving me nude. I knew she could feel my hard nipples pressed into her back. 

She was squirming and telling me to let her go as I leaned in and licked and kissed her neck. She may have been in great shape but I was stronger and had the advantage of surprise. It was time to show her that I was in charge.

I spun Kim around landing a hard slap across her right cheek. When she opened her mouth to scream at me I punched her hard in the stomach knocking the air out of her and she fell to the floor. I ordered her to strip. She spit at me, so I kicked her in the ribs. 

She was laying on the floor holding her stomach and gasping for air. I reached down and slapped her again, then I yanked at her sports bra, the flimsy material tore from her body easily exposing her breasts. 

As she tried to get to her feet I slapped her right breast and then twisted the nipple causing her to scream again. I pulled her to her feet. With my hand still twisted in her hair I pulled her beautiful face to mine and kissed her. 

She tried to keep her mouth closed but when the fingernails of my free hand raked the side of her breast she groaned and I was able to force my tongue deep into her mouth. She was still wanting to fight me but her resistance had lessened.

I turned her around and again I pushed her against the lockers. I leaned in close and whispered that she might as well give in. I was going to do what I wanted but if she cooperated it did not have to hurt so much.

I still had her pressed against the locker as I started kissing her bare shoulders. I felt her shiver as I licked the soft skin between her shoulder blades. I kissed my way down her back. I dropped to my knees and kneeled behind her.

I thought she might try to get away again but she stood still as I pulled the tight shorts down her legs exposing Kim's sexy butt. I started slapping her ass over and over, the sound of the blows echoing through the empty locker room. She was begging me to stop but I only stopped when her ass cheeks were nice and red. I give each cheek a nice kiss and then a long lick. I hear Kim moan.

I pulled her down to the floor with me. I seen she was crying and she whispered "why?"

I looked deep into Kim's eyes before I answered "You are beautiful and I want you."

I slapped her again.

"You know Kim, all you had to do was say no when I asked you if you wanted to go for a drink. Instead you had to be a rude bitch. Now you will be punished for your bad attitude."

I pushed Kim down onto her back on the cold tile floor. I straddled her flat tummy and as I held her arms over her head I leaned down and kissed her again our breasts were pressed against each other. Our hard nipples rubbed against each others as I gave Kim a long passionate kiss where I explored Kim's sweet mouth. 

I broke the kiss and started sucking her right nipple. As I kissed the right nipple I twisted the left one causing her to moan in pain.

When I bit down hard on her nipple She could not hold back a scream. I just hoped the locker rooms were sound proof. I sat back and started slapping her ample breasts.

Kim was whimpering, "Please...please stop. I will do whatever you want, just quit hitting me."

I smile down at Kim and slap her right breast hard one last time. I scooted up her sexy body until my ass is directly over her pretty face.

She continues to cry as she realizes what is going to happen next. She did not fight me as I lowered my wet cunt to her lips. I order Kim to start licking my pussy. She was hesitant at first but she began to dart her tongue into my pussy. MMMMM that felt good but not good enough. I reach behind me and twists her nipple again telling her she can do better than that. 

That is when Kim really starts to lick my pussy. She said she was not a lesbian but if she has not done this before she was a natural at it. I was already excited from the power I felt abusing Kim, so it did not take much for me to cum the first time.

I continued to grind my pussy on her face and Kim surprised me when she continued to lick my pussy through two more orgasms.

Finally I rolled off Kim and looked down to see her beautiful face covered in my juices and her tears. I could not resist. I leaned in and started licking the mixture from her face. I continued to lick until I had cleaned her face of all my juices. The I kissed her again.

I think Kim believed that her ordeal was about over and she started to get up. I push Kim back down onto the floor as I crawled between her legs. I placed my hands on her knees pushing them apart exposing her pussy. I leaned in to blow on her cunt causing Kim to squirm.

I started dragging my tongue up and down the length of her slit. I hear her murmur "Oh God No, not that, please...." I ignored her pleas as I push my tongue deep into her pussy.

My fingers spread her cunt as I licked the folds of her delicious pussy. The way she was responding to my attention, even if my attention was unwanted, made Me doubt that Kim had a boyfriend and if she did He never did this for her.

I started to flick my tongue over her clit. Each time I did that her body would jerk. As I was tonguing her clit I pushed a finger into her very wet pussy. I swirled my tongue around her clit, then started sucking on it, she was moaning now and I was sure it would not be long before she came. 

As I was roughly pushing my finger in and out of her pussy, I bit down and pulled back extending her clit.

Kim screamed "NOOOOOOOO.." Right before her body went stiff and she flooded my mouth with her cum. I wildly licked trying to catch all of her juices.

As Kim's body started to relax, I gave her pussy one last lick the moved up to kiss her again letting her taste her own juices on my lips. I stood up and offered my hand to Kim, she looked up at me and I could not tell what she was thinking but she let me help her to her feet.

I lead Kim into the shower and turn the water on. When the water was nice and warm I started to soap up her abused body. She was whimpering as I washed and messaged her sore breasts. When I worked my hands down to her cunt I pushed one, two, then three soapy fingers into her pussy. I felt her body start to tense up and I asked her if she wanted me to stop.

You could tell she was struggling with her emotions but she whispered, "No Damn it, Make me cum, please make me cum again."

Smiling to myself I knew she would do anything I told her to do. "What did you say Kim? I did not hear you."

"PLEASE, I want to cum, will you let me cum again?"

My hand went down to roam over her hot ass. I told Kim to reach behind her and spread her ass cheeks. She hesitated but when I pulled my hand back like I was going to slap her again she complied.

I teased her ass then pushed one soapy finger into her butt. Kim moaned. I asked her had anyone ever fucked that cute ass and she shook her head no. 

"To bad I do not have my toys with me, I would love to use my 10 inch strapon on that hot ass."

I pushed a second finger into her.

While I worked my fingers in and out of her bottom, I reached between her legs to rub her pussy. I told Kim to start cupping her breasts and play with her hard nipples. I added a third finger going in and out of her ass.

Suddenly Kim's body started to shake uncontrollably and when she came hard her legs gave out on her and she collapsed to her hands and knees. I stood over her while she tried to recover.

"Kim I think you enjoyed yourself tonight and I think you owe me."

"Owe you? What do you mean?"

I turned around and pushed my butt toward her face.

"Kiss my ass bitch!"

She started to cry again but she kissed each ass cheek. I reached behind me and pulled my cheeks apart. I could hear her whimpering but she knew what I wanted and slowly started to lick my opening. MMM that felt really good.

"Go on Kim, you know you want to eat my hot ass. Stick your tongue deep inside me."

Oh God, I realized she was very good at following orders as she darted her tongue in and out of me. She had me close to cumming again and I surprised her by pulling away.

I reached down to run my hand through her wet hair. I started pulling her face to my cunt. Kim only hesitated for an instance but them slowly started licking my pussy. 

It was so erotic with the warm water running down my body and the shower filled with steam. MMMM Kim was learning fast and when she started sucking on my enlarged clit like it was a small cock I could not hold back and came again. Good thing I was leaning against the shower wall or I would have collapsed to join Kim on the tile floor.

When I recovered, I decided on one final act of humiliation. I made Kim wash my entire body. She would make a good little slave for someone but now that I was satisfied I was already losing interest.

I was dressed when Kim came out of the shower.

"Are...are you leaving?"

"Yes why?"

Kim actually blushed. "Uh..well I was wondering if that drink offer is still good because I could really use a drink right now."

I caressed her beautiful face, "Sorry babe, maybe some other time."

Then I kissed her one last time and left.

__________

Again any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.