 Jack & Sharon Williams were the perfect couple. Both were blonde, tall, athletic and good looking. They were always on each other's arms at parties and hosted many events for the local church. After renting for two years after their marriage, they had finally decided to make the big purchase: a home of their own. 

Jack was proving himself indispensable to the law firm he had joined after finishing school two years ago, though it meant he was away from home often and Sharon's degree in fashion design had resulted in a booming online jewellery business. Long story short, the two "kids" both now 25 had "made it" and they wanted a house that reflected their success.

They decided on a neighbourhood whose creeping vines, old brick, and elegant front porches gave both of them visions of summer cookouts and cosy Christmas mornings. After moving in, settling in, and sleeping in, Sharon kissed Jack on the cheek as he went to work and settled into browsing a few nursery catalogues. Though not yet pregnant, Sharon was very excited about her classic role as the model housewife. She relished the chance to be the mistress of her own domain that she designed and made a home.

A knock at the door brought Sharon out of her daydreams. She padded over to the door and opened it to see a lovely, mature woman with platinum blonde hair standing there with what appeared to be a set of drapes dangling from her arm.

"In the old days, people brought pies to new neighbours" The woman said, her arm extended.

"But I can't cook. I thought a young couple could probably use a nice set of drapes." Bewildered but pleased, Sharon smiled and accepted the deep green drapes which were actually perfect for the guest bedroom.

"I'm Sally by the way," The woman said extending her hand to be shaken.

"I'm Sharon." She answered back.

Sharon shook the woman's hand and introduced herself. Remembering her manners, Sharon invited Sally in for a morning coffee. The women chatted over the usual women oriented things: furniture, new husbands, the best local grocer. The women shared their own histories with each other. 

When Sally told Sharon about her divorce, Sharon put her hand on Sally's arm and the women communed for a moment. This coffee clutch session became a daily ritual for the two women. Sharon enjoyed hearing her humorous horror stories about her experiences with tasteless interior design clients. Sally also liked to hear Sharon talk about her business and plans for the future.

"You know," Sally said as her voice lowered as if someone might hear.

"I know of quite a money making scheme that is gaining popularity amongst your age group. Why don't you come to a party and see what it's all about? You could make a lot of extra money". Sally stated.

"Sure!" Sharon agreed, forgetting to ask about what, exactly, the scheme involved.

Sally offered to chauffer Sharon later that night. When the doorbell rang, Sharon kissed her husband Jack on the cheek as he waved the two women goodbye. 

"Girls," he thought to himself, "Such fine creatures." And went back to reading the Wall Street Journal. 

Sharon walked into a candle lit house where about 15 women lounged on couches drinking wine, eating chocolates, and giggling softly at each other's comments.

Sharon was instantly glad she came. What a wonderful escape into a soft nice-smelling world of women! Upon their arrival, the hostess a statuesque 40-year-old woman with straight black hair in a black silk slip dress commenced the party. Drawing back the sheet on a table next to her, the women in the room oohed and ahead. Sharon sat there quietly stunned. 

On the table was every kind of dildo and sex toy Sharon could ever imagine. There was a giant purple cock, a magenta human shaped tongue, a 7-inch vibrator with little rabbit ears attached to the base of it. She could feel herself blushing, so she downed her wine and poured herself another glass. She didn't see Sally watching her, hungrily, from the other corner of the room. 

The women then started playing with the toys. The hostess told them about the new features improving these old standards. 

"Old standards?" These were all new to Sharon.

Sharon's eyes grew large as she watched one woman trace a silver bullet looking machine over another woman's nipples. It was clear from the way the women looked at each other that they were more than neighbours. On another couch, two women were making use of the electric tongue. A tall, slender woman thrust it under the skirt of a giggling shorter, plumper woman. The two woman laughed as the tongue worked its magic on the one woman's clit. 

Someone passed Sharon the half cock/half rabbit contraption and showed her how to work it. Another woman came over and whispered in her ear what the rabbit was for.

"For my clit?" Sharon blurted out, which made the women laugh loudly, but rather than being embarrassed, Sharon was happy her "virginity" was finally "outed."

Then all the women started talking with her freely about the products and how it advanced their sex lives with their husbands and...others. Five glasses of wine later, Sally drove Sharon home in silence.

"I hope you're not mad..." Sally finally said breaking the silence.

"No, not at all. It was...wonderful. I'd love to try that rabbit!" Sharon said.

"I was hoping you would say that," Sally said and pulled into a shadowy area off the main road.

"Why?" Sharon asked groggily.

"What are you doing?" Sharon asked her friend as Sally reached into the back seat and pulled out a box.

She opened the box and put the mysterious vibrator on Sharon's lap.

"I got this for you," Sally said with a smile on her face.

"I thought I could show you how to use it if you want?" Sally asked as she put her hand on Sharon's exposed knee.

Sharon considered this. She rarely drank wine. It seemed to make sense.

"Okay," Sharon shrugged.

"Do you want to show me here? In the back seat?" A bit surprised, Sally shook her head yes and watched her gorgeous young friend hike up her skirt and climb into the back of the SUV.

Sharon, clearly intoxicated, lazily opened her thighs. Sally then saw the untrimmed blonde bush that peeked out from around Sharon's cotton panties. Sally then clambered into the backseat forgetting about the vibrator. She then reached back into the front seat to pick it up. In the meantime, Sally had lazily removed her blouse and bra.

"Do the buzzy part on my nipple, like the women at the party," She asked Sally.

Sally happily complied. She watched eagerly as Sharon's breathing quickened. Sharon started opening and closing her legs. In the breeze the movement created, Sally could smell the young woman's rising sexual pleasure. She looked down and in the limited light saw a wet spot on Sharon's underwear.

"Why don't we go ahead and take these off?" Sally suggested.

Sharon simply raised her perfect ass off the seat and let her friend Sally do all the work.

"Want to see how this feels on your cunt?" Sally asked.

Sharon nodded and smiled, keeping her eyes closed as Sally traced the trembling rabbit ears down the front of her friend's body. She could smell the sweet salty scent coming from Sharon's pussy. Sally decided to take a little risk and, as she held the vibrator next to Sharon's pussy as she dipped her head and licked a gob of lubrication from Sharon's opening. As Sharon let out a huge groan Sally made sure to swirl her tongue around her friend's clit before she sat back up. Then she plunged the huge cock into Sharon's pussy, forcing the vibrator up against her hugely swollen clit.

Sharon inhaled and braced down on the penetration. Sally could feel her friend holding onto the cock for all she was worth. But Sally managed to wedge it still deeper into her twice. Suddenly Sharon was coming with an incredible force. Sally felt Sharon's wetness trickle down onto her hands and absorbed the shock of her friend's flailing legs on either side of her. When she was done, Sharon passed out. 

Sally climbed back into the front seat and drove her home. Sharon groggily awoke the next day on the couch with her husband standing over her.

"What the hell were you doing last night?" He demanded.

"It's was just a girl's night in kind of thing," Sharon said when a sharp pain seized her forehead.

"Are you hung over?" He asked.

"No, no," She muttered.

"What shall I pack you for lunch?" At this return to her normal self, Jack felt comforted.

He told her what he wanted for lunch and then went on with his morning. He left for work feeling confident and progressive because he let his wife have an innocent girl's night out. Shortly after he left, Sally arrived. Unlike Sharon though, she looked chipper and happy.

"Have a good night?" Sally joked.

"Oh! I don't remember a thing after that third glass of wine..." Sharon said.

"Really?" Sally asked as she pondered this.

"Well, I got you a present last night." Sally said again looking at Sharon's face to see if she remembered it.

"I seem to remember something about a present..." Sharon said looking quizzically at her older friend.

"This is just some bubble-bath. Why don't you go relax and let me make you some breakfast?" Sharon gladly agreed and drew herself a luxurious bath.

A bit later, Sally knocked at the door and entered. The room was filled with a delicious, sweet scent. Sharon's slender legs looked magical peeking out from the suds. Even parts of her huge breasts were exposed through the bubbles.

"I've been thinking about last night..." Sharon mentioned.

"Yes?" Sally looked into her younger friends eyes.

"I think I want you to do part of it again." Sharon said with a little smile on her lips.

"Part of what?" Sally asked, acting nonchalant.

"The part with your tongue! Why don't you get into this bath tub with me?" Sharon now beamed.

Sally was naked before Sharon could say another word. In the bathtub, Sally wrapped her legs around Sharon's waist. Sharon reached below the water and played with the intricate folds of skin that made up Sally's pussy. Sally then sighed as Sharon innocently explored her.

"Show me how." Sharon said.

"Eat my pussy and I'll eat yours." She said again.

"Sharon," Sally was surprised at her friend's forcefulness.

"Please," Sharon pleaded and smiled.

Sally eagerly pulled Sharon's hips out of the water, which caused water to splash onto the floor. Sharon held herself up while Sally licked her clean pussy. After teasing her clit for a few minutes, Sally soon felt the warm, thick juice smear from Sharon's pussy onto her chin.

Eyeing a long, thick handled scrub brush on the edge of the tub, Sally paused long enough to dip the handle into the water and then slip it into Sharon's hungry cunt.

"Unh!" Sharon grunted.

"Yeah. Push it way in. Oh, that's good!" Sally did as she was told.

She soon found herself struggling with Sharon over the brush, as Sharon clenched it with her pussy muscles. But once again, Sally was able to make those few extra thrusts that pushed her friend over the edge. Her cries of passion echoed off the tiled bathroom walls as her cum juice swirled waves from her throbbing cunt over the handle of the scrub. Sally let Sharon's hips sink down into the water again and Sharon opened her eyes and looked at her friend. 

"I think that was a pretty good example," She stated wryly.

Sharon then moved toward Sally and lifted her onto the first step of the big tub. Sally's deep pink pussy rested half in and half out of the water. With her chin partially in the water, Sharon began licking the Sally's clit. She also licked up and down the shaven sides of Sally's pussy lips and even worked her tongue into those delicate little nooks and crannies she found when she was fingering the Sally moments earlier.

It had been a long time for Sally and she felt like she was in seventh heaven. Just when she couldn't get any more turned on, she felt Sharon pinching her nipple; it was a wonderful combination of a small, sharp pain and a big, wet pleasure. Sally felt Sharon searching for the opening of her cunt with her fingers. Tilting her hips up, four of her friend's fingers slithered into her hungry cunt. 

Sharon, instinctively, inserted her whole hand palm up and curled the tips of her fingers toward her. The result was on target. Sally cried out and shook. Sharon had found her g spot. From there, Sharon was relentless. She thrashed Sally's spot and felt its spongy spring as she hit it repeatedly, with her fingers. 

She then got to feel the pull of a pussy as it clamped down on its suitor. She felt her fingers repeatedly drawn in by Sally's cunt muscles, drawing her back to the spot that gave Sally the maximum pleasure.

Sally's orgasm was a long time in the making. Her cries grew longer and louder, her nipples became a brighter shade of pink, her skin started to glow, her clit visibly grew as Sharon sucked and nibbled on it. Sharon was so content and focused on maintaining a strict, mind blowing pattern that she was shocked and a little frightened by Sally's sudden orgasm.

"Holy fuck!" sally screamed and smashed Sharon's face back into her pussy.

Sharon slammed her fingers even harder into Sally's cervix. It didn't matter now exactly where shit hit as long as she kept spearing into her friend's cunt. Utterly exhausted, Sally slid back into the tub.

"Good thing I took you to that party," Sally said mater of factly.

"Good thing you know where to get more of those toys," Sharon replied.

The End.