 Author's note: This story is a sequel to the story Lesbian Soccer Moms. I had planned to stop writing at 200 but I had so many requests to write a sequel to Lesbian Soccer Moms that I decided to write this one. Al characters are 18 years old or older. This is Chapter One and Chapter Two is almost complete. I will see how the reader response is and then decide how far to take this story. Thanks for the suggestions for content.

INTRODUCTION

It had been five years since Maria took over as head coach for the Ridgeway High School girl's soccer team. In that time the Lacy Cougars had won four conference championships and one state championship. Janet, the assistant coach, and Maria had remained lovers and there were many soccer moms and 18 year old girls who found their way into the coach's bed during those five years. Maria had become a renowned head coach and she had been recruited by a number of private high schools. Maria however had made a five year commitment to Ridgeway and she honored that.

It was a summer morning when Maria and Janet slowly woke up in the bed they shared. They were both nude as they always slept naked together. Janet stretched her pretty blonde body and then rolled into Maria's arms. They kissed each other as Janet stroked Maria's beautiful black hair. Maria felt something underneath her buttocks and then she smiled when she retrieved the double dildo. She held it up and then teased Janet with it by running it over her tits. Both women were still tired from their sexual marathon the night before when they fucked each other senseless with the double dildo and other toys.

They got up, put on bathrobes and went into the kitchen to make the coffee. Maria was thankful that it was summer break and that she didn't have to be at school for a couple of months. That morning as they chatted over their coffee Janet suggested that they take a vacation, something they had never done together.

"Maria we should go to one of those inclusive resorts with the clothing optional beaches," Janet suggested.

"Janet I don't want a bunch of guys starring at our naked bodies and trying to hit on us," Maria answered.

"What about a place for women only?" Janet asked 

"Do such places exist?" Maria asked curiously

"I'm sure they do. I'll check it out. Are you game if I can get us into one?"

"I guess so. Sure I'll give it a try if there are such places," Maria confirmed.

The two of them finished their first cup of coffee and then Maria took her shower while Janet searched for an all inclusive resort. Janet located a gay and lesbian vacation planner and called them. Janet explained what she was looking for and the vacation planner recommended an all inclusive resort for them. Janet booked the vacation for one week and then she ran into the bathroom to tell Maria who had just stepped out of the shower.

"I did it. We are all set for a week at an all inclusive resort. There is just one fee and it includes our airfare, tips, meals, drinks, lodging, and activities," Janet rambled excitedly.

"Wow that sounds great! Where are we going?" Maria asked.

"The Caribbean," Janet announced.

THE ALL INCLUSIVE RESORT

Two weeks later Maria and Janet checked in to the all inclusive resort. The place was gorgeous and they couldn't wait to walk around. The resort had a nude beach, nude swimming pool and a nude Jacuzzi that was huge. Clothes were required in the main building where the meals were served and in the main bars. There was a bar at the nude beach as well.

Maria and Janet were shown to their room and they walked passed many women in various stages of attire. Some were naked, some were topless and others were in bikinis. Maria started to unpack but Janet wanted to check out the place first.

"Come on let's check it out. We can unpack later," Janet said anxiously.

"What should we wear?" Maria questioned.

"Let's wear our thong bikini bottoms, our sarongs and go topless," Janet suggested.

The two of them walked out of their room and began their tour of the resort. They were a beautiful couple and they drew a lot of stares from other vacationers. Maria and Janet were in stark contrast to each other. Janet was a gorgeous tanned slender blonde and Maria was the dark skinned black haired Spaniard with large firm tits. After a short walk around the property, they walked down to the nude beach. 

Janet grabbed some towels and set up two beach chairs for them. They looked around and noticed that all the women on the beach were naked. Janet took off her sarong and thong and stretched out in the beach chair. Then Maria followed Janet's lead. The two of them sat in the chairs naked and watched the behavior of other women. Everyone was so casual about the nudity. They swam naked, they stood at the bar talking to each other naked and some even cuddled and kissed while they were on the beach or in the water.

"I'm going to get us something to drink," Janet announced and then she walked over to the bar.

Maria watched as her lover walked across the pristine white sand toward the bar. She took in Janet's beauty as Janet's cute ass rolled with each step. Janet later returned with two frozen drinks and handed one to Maria.

"You'll have to get the next round and check out the bartender. She is really hot!" Janet exclaimed.

The two of them enjoyed their frozen pina coladas as they soaked up the late afternoon sun. Maria got the next round of drinks and as she walked across the sand toward the bar, almost every set of eyes turned to watch her. Her voluptuous body moved gracefully over the sand. Her big tits stood out proudly and her curvy ass undulated with every step. There was not an ounce of body fat on Maria's body. Janet knew that the other women were salivating over Maria. Janet just smiled to herself as she was so happy to have Maria for a lover.

Maria returned with the drinks, "You're right that bartender is hot. I could feel her eyes on me as if they were burning through my skin."

"She wasn't the only one staring at you. I think you are going to be very popular here this week," Janet said as she leaned over and kissed Maria.

"I think that I am going to like this place," Maria sighed.

They finished their drinks and then returned to their room to get ready for dinner. The dinner was served buffet style and everything was delicious. They sat with some other women, introduced themselves and engaged in small talk. After dinner they returned to their room as they were both a little tired from the trip. They still had to unpack but they were both a little turned on from the display of nudity that day. 

Maria unpacked her suitcase and laid out the collection of dildos and toys on the bed. Janet looked at them and smiled. 

"Wow we sure have some collection and I am glad we have all week," Janet gasped.

"Yeah we do. I wonder what they thought when they x-rayed our luggage?" Maria replied as she ran her tongue around her lips and then asked, "What's your pleasure tonight?"

"Why don't we start with one of the strap-on dildos?" Janet replied.

Maria smiled at her and then she put on one of the strap-on dildos. It was about 9" long and about 5" around. It was the perfect one to warm to warm up with. Janet lay back and spread her legs. Her pussy was already dripping wet in anticipation of Maria fucking her. Maria eased the fake cock into Janet's hot pussy and began to fuck her slowly. Janet reached up and stroked Maria's big firm tits as Maria fucked her. Maria then picked up the pace and both women raced toward an orgasm. The dildo had a nub at the end of it that rubbed Maria's clit as she fucked Janet. Janet screamed out loud in orgasm as she grabbed Maria's ass and pulled her tightly to her. Maria collapsed on top of Janet mashing their tits together as both women's bodies shook in climax.

They rested for a few minutes and then they rolled apart and took deep breaths. Janet sat up on the bed and looked at the toys. She picked up the odd looking dildo that had three cocks attached together, two cocks at one end and a single cock at the other. 

Maria smiled, "That's my favorite." 

"Let's try this one next," Janet said smiling wickedly.

Maria grabbed the lube and she began to grease her asshole when Janet stopped her. 

"Here let me do that," Janet offered.

Janet put plenty of lube on her fingers and then proceeded to grease Maria's ass. Maria was moaning as her lover's fingers worked their way into her asshole. Janet decided that she wanted something in her ass also so she lubed up her own poop chute as well. Janet located a butt plug and pushed that into her ass before putting one end of the dildo in her pussy. Janet then leaned over Maria and she looked odd with two cocks sticking out from her body. Maria lay back with her knees against her chest exposing her asshole and pussy to Janet. Janet eased both cock heads into Maria's pussy and asshole simultaneously, and then she gently pushed her hips forward. Maria gasped as both her holes were filled at the same time.

Janet and Maria began fucking each other and Maria was going crazy with the double fucking. Janet's pussy was on fire as the cock in her rubbed against her erect clit. The butt plug in her ass served its purpose and she felt as if she had two cocks in her as well. Janet watched the two fake dicks slide in and out of Maria's holes as she fucked her and she thought to herself that she would have to try that too before the week was over.

Maria cried out with the intensity of her orgasm but Janet just continued fucking her. Maria had multiple orgasms before Janet finally came again and collapsed on top of her. Janet picked her body up and removed the dildos from Maria's pussy and ass with an audible popping sound. Both women giggled and then Janet pulled the dildo from her pussy and purposely made it pop. Maria insisted on removing the butt plug from Janet's ass and Janet intentionally tightened her anal muscles to make it more difficult. Maria pulled the plug from Janet's ass and it made a very loud popping sound. The two women laughed aloud and Maria flopped on the bed next to Janet.

The two beauties had sex well into the night experimenting with their favorite positions and toys. The final coupling was with the two of them on their knees with their butts facing each other. They had two double headed dildos in their ass and their pussy. The head of one dildo was in Janet's ass as the other head was in Maria's ass. The head of the second dildo was in Janet's pussy with the opposite head in Maria's pussy. The two women pushed back against each other smacking their ass cheeks together as they double fucked each other.

They made quite a sight as these two gorgeous women fucked each other doggy style in both holes at the same time. Their generous tits hung down and swung freely as their ass cheeks smacked together. At that moment they certainly didn't look like high school soccer coaches. The two of them fucked each other into exhaustion before collapsing on the bed. They slept soundly in each other's arms throughout the night into late the next morning.

SOCCER MOMS SHARON AND TRUDY

While Maria and Janet were pleasuring each other in their room, Sharon and Trudy had just finished making love in their room. As they lay in bed Trudy had a flash back to the first time they made love. Trudy and Sharon were single soccer moms that had met because their daughters played on the same youth league team. In the fact the two girls went to the same schools and ended up playing on the same team all the way through high school.

One evening Sharon and Trudy went to a benefit function together and they were both dressed very professionally. At one point they broke away from the party and found a secluded room in the building. Trudy wondered why Sharon had pulled her away from the party but she followed her friend. In the room, Sharon stared at Trudy for a few minutes taking in the 40 year old shapely woman. Trudy looked quite striking in her charcoal gray tailored suit. The skirt was cut about four inches above the knee which gave evidence to her shapely legs. The skirt was snug but not tight and it showed off her curvy firm ass. The suit jacket narrowed at her waist and showed off her bust line. Her 36-25-36 figure was well defined.

Trudy took in Sharon's appreciative gaze and she too admired the sophisticated looking Sharon. Sharon's body and legs also showed well in her blue pin striped suit. Sharon caught herself staring at Trudy and in turn noticed Trudy taking in Sharon's 36-26-37 curves. Sharon walked toward Trudy and took the woman in her arms. They both stared into each other's eyes and felt the mutual attraction for one another. Sharon leaned in and kissed Trudy on the lips and Trudy returned the kiss driving her tongue into Sharon's mouth. Sharon's tongue danced with Trudy's tongue and they held their kiss until they were breathless.

As they broke the kiss, Trudy gasped, "Oh how did you know?"

Sharon replied, "I've always suspected," and then she kissed Trudy again.

As they embraced Sharon ran her hands down Trudy's back to her ass and cupped her firm buttocks. Trudy followed Sharon's lead and her hands sought out the other woman's ass. The two molded each other's ass as they kissed each other passionately. Sharon inched Trudy's skirt up above her hips baring her thighs above the elastic tops of her hose. Then Sharon stroked the bare skin between Trudy's hose and panties bringing chills and goose bumps to Trudy's body. Trudy again copied Sharon and pulled her skirt above her hips baring Sharon's thighs between her hose and panties. 

As Trudy stroked Sharon's bare thighs, Sharon slipped her hands inside of Trudy's panties and cupped the naked flesh of her ass. Sharon molded the shapely ass cheeks in her hands as Trudy crooned with desire. Trudy then slipped her hands inside Sharon's panties and fondled the woman's surprisingly firm buttocks. They continued like this for awhile enjoying each other's ass and kissing passionately. Sharon again made the first move.

Sharon took her hands out of Trudy's panties and took hold of the waistband and slowly peeled them down to just above her knees. Sharon then stroked Trudy's vulva causing Trudy to gasp aloud. Sharon inserted one finger into Trudy's sopping wet pussy and began to slowly finger fuck her. Trudy as if she were in heat quickly stripped Sharon's panties down to her knees and frantically searched for her labia. Sharon gasped aloud as Trudy located her clit and began to frig it rapidly.

The two mature women made quite a sight if anyone should have happened to walk into the vacant room. Both of these professionally dressed women had their skirts pulled up to their waists, their panties were down around their knees and they both urgently finger fucked each other as they kissed and moaned into each other's mouths. Sharon was not concerned with anyone walking in as she had remembered to lock the door.

Sharon steered Trudy over to a chair in the room and pushed her back onto it. Trudy sat back and let Sharon have her way. Sharon pulled Trudy's panties down and off of her shapely legs and then she buried her face in Trudy's pussy. Trudy was incredibly turned on and she knew that she would orgasm quickly. Sharon found Trudy's clit and she nibbled on it as she fingered Trudy's cunt. Trudy was soon writhing in orgasm as she came multiple times on Sharon's face. Sharon continued to lick Trudy until she recovered and her body spasms stopped.

"Your turn my dear," Sharon said.

Sharon sat in the chair as Trudy dropped to her knees and peeled Sharon's panties down and off of her legs. Trudy dove right in on Sharon's pussy and quickly ate her friend to an intense orgasm. Sharon bucked and whimpered as the intensity of her orgasm took over her body. Sharon pulled Trudy up next to her and kissed her tasting her own juices on Trudy's lips.

"Oh that was so good it has been so long," cried Trudy.

"Yes it has been a while for me as well. I think it is best that we get dressed now get back to the party," Sharon said.

The two women located their panties and put them on then they smoothed out their skirts and straightened their clothes. They tidied themselves up and returned to the professional image of an hour ago. They walked back into the ballroom where the party was still going strong. That was the beginning of their lesbian affair.

Sharon had already fallen asleep as Trudy reminisced about their first days together at the resort. Trudy and Sharon had been at the all inclusive resort for four days and they still had three days to go. Of course they had no idea that their daughter's soccer coaches had arrived at the same resort that afternoon. Trudy thought back to the first day on the nude beach.

TRUDY AND SHARON'S FIRST DAY AT THE RESORT

The first day on the nude beach went better than Trudy expected. There were plenty of women who showed up with white skin so Trudy was not the standout that she thought she would be. She enjoyed basking in the sun with Sharon and after awhile nudity just seemed natural. Trudy watched others arrive at the beach with their towels and little tote bags. They spread out the towel and then stripped off their shirts and shorts and casually put them in the bag. All the while they were impervious to the number of people on the beach as they casually put lotion on their naked skin and then stretched out on the towel.

Trudy felt her loins stir as she was turned on by the beautiful naked women. Trudy was lying on her back sunning and thinking about making love to Sharon. Just then she felt something warm on her breasts and she opened her eyes. Sharon was propped up on her side with a bottle of suntan lotion in her hand.

"You don't want to get these babies sunburned," Sharon said as she poured the lotion onto Trudy's tits.

Trudy was lost for words and she just lay there as Sharon rubbed the lotion over her white tan lines. Trudy's nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tight as Sharon massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Trudy was so turned on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her pussy.

"There that should be better," Sharon said as she put the lotion away.

Sharon's hands had felt so good that Trudy had not wanted her to stop. Trudy's nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. Sharon just smiled at her lover as she knew that she had gotten to Trudy. Later that day Trudy was on her stomach when Sharon repeated the action. This time she rubbed Trudy's buttocks and covered them with lotion. It seemed that Sharon spent more time than needed on Trudy's ass and Trudy subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Sharon was tempted to let her fingers drift between Trudy's thighs but she didn't know how far she could take it in public. Sharon was satisfied with Trudy's reaction to the butt massage.

The women spent the entire day on the beach soaking up the rays and constantly putting lotion on one another. They later returned to their rooms to shower, dress and go to dinner. After dinner they returned to their room with a couple of glasses of wine. Sharon and Trudy changed into t-shirts and shorts and then they sat on the small couch sipping wine. They talked for awhile before Sharon took the wine glass from Trudy's hand and set it down. 

"Let me make love to you," Sharon said softly.

Sharon then lifted the t-shirt over Trudy's head baring her entire upper body. She lowered her mouth to Trudy's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Sharon remarked about her progress on her tan lines and assured her that they would be gone in a few days. Sharon than began her tortuous journey down Trudy's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin. Sharon untied the string on Trudy's shorts and slowly pulled them down her hips. Trudy automatically raised her hips to make it easier for Sharon to remove her shorts. Sharon took them off of her legs and tossed them over with the t-shirt. Sharon's hands then returned to Trudy's bikini panties and she tucked her fingers into the elastic waistband and painstakingly slid them down and off of Trudy's shapely legs. Trudy was now totally naked on the sofa as Sharon stood up to remove all of her own clothes. 
