 THE INTERVIEW, OFFER AND COUNTER OFFER

Maria arrived at the Lake Florence College on Wednesday at the appointed time. Her first interview was with the athletic director Bobbi Parker. Bobbi was an attractive woman at the age of 36. She was 5'7" tall with a nice figure. She had more of an athletic build and she kept her brown hair cut short. Bobbi was wearing a warm up- outfit the day of the interview, typical of an AD.

Maria had decided to go right for the throat in the interview. She wore a sleeveless summer dress that tied behind her neck. She did not wear a bra and her nipples poked out through the material. The dress was cut above her knees and showed off her tan shapely legs. Maria had not worn hose so her legs were bare all the way up to her panties.

When Maria walked into Bobbi's office, Bobbi starred at the Spanish beauty and she felt her loins surge with excitement. She had not expected Maria to be so beautiful and so stacked. Bobbi invited Maria to sit down on the sofa and then stared at Maria's legs. Then Maria intentionally crossed her legs slowly giving Bobbi a good look at her panty covered crotch.

"Can I offer you something to drink?" Bobbi stammered trying to remain in control.

"No thank you," Maria replied in a soft sexy voice.

Bobbi just wanted to run around her desk, throw up Maria's skirt and dive into Maria's pussy. "You have quite a track record in a short five years Maria, which is why we were attracted to you," Bobbi began.

"Thank you! It has been fun and I was fortunate enough to have some talented girls," Maria answered running her tongue over her lips wetting them.

Bobbi felt that tingle again in her pussy but she tried to stay focused on the interview. Although as far as she was concerned Maria was already hired. Bobbi thought just wait until Millie sees her. Millie actually Mildred Cook, was the college President. Bobbi continued the interview and then the top of Maria's dress fell down exposing her beautiful breasts. Bobbi almost fainted when she saw Maria's tits.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry. That is so embarrassing. My top must have become untied," Maria faked her embarrassment as she had planned for it to happen. "I think my breasts are too big sometimes."

"Oh Maria I don't think that they are too big. Let me see your breasts again and I will be honest with you about what I think of them," Bobbi offered excitedly, her voice cracking.

"What you want to see my breasts, here in your office?" Maria played the shy role.

"Well yes, it is very private here and the door is locked. I am sure that other women and girls have seen your breasts before. I just want to see them so I can give you honest feedback about them and about your concern that they may be too big," Bobbi replied her voice cracking again.

It was going better than Maria had expected. Maria untied the string behind her neck and let her dress drop into her lap. Bobbi was struggling to keep her desires in check as she looked at the buxom woman with her tits loose from their confinement. Maria acted coy and covered her breasts with her hands. Maria sat still with her hands covering her tits acting embarrassed with her nudity. Bobbi walked over to Maria.

"Now don't be shy, let me see them," Bobbi said as she gently pried Maria's hands away and then she exclaimed, "Oh my they are beautiful, they are perfect."

Maria faked her shyness as she held her hands tightly in her lap while Bobbi looked over her bare tits. Bobbi pushed Maria's shoulders back against the sofa so that the girl's tits would be even more emphasized. Bobbi's hands were trembling now as she touched Maria's skin. 

"Maria these are the most beautiful breasts that I have ever seen. You are truly blessed and you should be very proud of them. They are so perfect that they don't look real. I just have to touch them to be sure that they are real," Bobbi said with a tremble in her voice.

Maria faked her objection as Bobbi placed her hands on Maria's breasts and held them lightly. Maria felt like an electric shock had just passed through her body and then she realized that her nipples were hard and erect.

"Oh my goodness, look at your nipples. I have never seen nipples like that. They are so hard and so long," Bobbi remarked.

Maria was pleased when Bobbi took the nipples between her fingers and gently rolled them around. Maria sighed as an expected pleasure took over her body. Maria knew that she had the AD right where she wanted her and Bobbi's hands felt so good on her tits. Maria felt her pussy getting wet and her pubes stirred as Bobbi continued to stroke her tits and diddle her nipples. Maria shifted slightly and opened her legs slightly.

"Is this exciting you Maria? Is my touching your breasts getting you hot?" Bobbi asked in a shaky voice as her own emotions were escalating.

"Yes a little. No one has ever been so gentle with them before," Maria role played.

"Well many times that is the difference between a woman's touch and a man's. Do you touch yourself when you are alone Maria? Do you play with your pussy? Do you want to touch yourself now?" Bobbi asked excitedly in recognition of Maria's state.

"Yes at home in bed I play with myself. Yes I do need to touch myself now," Maria gasped.

"Go ahead dear pleasure yourself while I make love to your breasts," Bobbi told her.

Maria's hand darted under her skirt and she pulled her panties to one side baring her vulva. She frantically rubbed her pussy lips and then inserted a finger in search of her own clit. Bobbi watched the candidate finger herself for a few minutes and then she decided to take Maria to the next step.

Bobbi reached for Maria's hand and moved it away replacing it with her own. Maria was so close to an orgasm that she didn't care at this point who was rubbing her pussy. Bobbi turned Maria so that she could lean back into Bobbi's body. Then she stroked Maria's pussy with one hand as she fondled Maria's tits with the other. Bobbi brought Maria to the brink of her orgasm but then suddenly stopped. Maria was hot and she quickly reached for her pussy but Bobbi stopped her. Bobbi pushed Maria back against the sofa and then she knelt on the floor in front of Maria. Bobbi ran her hands under Maria's skirt and hooked her fingers in Maria's panties. Bobbi pulled the panties down and off Maria's legs and tossed them aside.

Bobbi then parted Maria's luscious thighs and lowered her face to Maria's pussy. Maria's plan had worked as the AD moved toward her pussy. Maria gasped aloud when she felt the first contact of Bobbi's tongue on her pussy. Bobbi lifted Maria's legs up and pulled Maria closer to her. Bobbi then reached up around Maria's legs and found her tits as she closed her mouth over Maria's pussy. Maria went wild as Bobbi ate her and played with her big tits.

Bobbi could tell by Maria's reaction to her tongue lapping that she was on the brink of a massive orgasm. Bobbi again flicked her tongue inside the coach's pussy and let it travel up from Maria's vagina to her clit. She pointed her tongue and slowly drew circles on the flat space under Maria's clit. Maria tensed up and she moved her hips trying to get Bobbi's mouth to stay on her clit. Maria moved her hands to her pussy and pulled back the hood exposing her clit. Bobbi saw this and she flicked her pointed tongue quickly over Maria's exposed flesh feeling it harden with each stroke.

"Oh God Bobbi, don't stop please, make me cum. I'm going to cum. I'm cumming Bobbi, oh Bobbi!" Maria screamed as her body thrashed around with the intensity of her orgasm.

Bobbi continued tongue fucking her and playing with her clit and Maria could not stand it anymore as her body went rigid. Maria moaned and lifted her hips toward Bobbi's face as if she were trying to get the tongue deeper into her pussy. Bobbi released Maria's tits and grabbed Maria's buttocks. She continued with her tongue lapping and squeezed Maria's shapely ass at the same time. This final act took Maria over the edge with a mind numbing orgasm.

Bobbi smiled to herself in conquest and slowly withdrew her tongue from Maria's pussy. She was not done by any means yet but she would let Maria take a few minutes to recover. As Bobbi felt Maria's body relax and sensed her relaxed state, she slowly ran her tongue up the inside of her pussy and Maria jumped as she felt another tremor shake her body.

Bobbi stood up and looked at the beautiful woman in her sofa. Maria was breathing hard and her breasts rose and fell with every breath. Her skirt was thrown up over her lap and her pretty pussy and luscious thighs were on display. Bobbi knew that she could spend the rest of the day with his woman and under different circumstances she would. Bobbi knew that the day would come when she would make Maria cum repeatedly until she was drained but today was not that day.

"Maria that was just very special. I wanted to show you just how things can be around here. Please don't be embarrassed, women do it all the time and it was obvious that you enjoyed it," Bobbi said.

"I don't know what to say. I've never done anything like that in someone's office before but it felt so good. What about you?" Maria asked with a smile.

"Oh, there will plenty of time for us to get together but right now I need you to meet the President of our college," Bobbi told Maria.

Bobbi picked up the phone and called the President, "Millie its Bobbi. I would like you to meet our candidate for the soccer head coach position. Oh the interview went very well. Yes she's our girl if you approve and she accepts the offer. Okay see you in a few."

After her conversation with Bobbi, Millie joined them in Bobbi's office. The two college women this time removed all of Maria's clothes this time. The Maria was stroked and fondled until she thought that she would faint from her excitement. Maria asked to sit down so she was steered over to the sofa in the room and she sat back in it.

"My God but you are beautiful!" exclaimed Millie as she stared at the voluptuous Maria.

Maria sat on the sofa and the two women moved toward her. Millie and Bobbi were both clearly infatuated with Maria's beauty at this point. Bobbi knelt between Maria's legs and began eating her pussy again. Millie sat next to Maria and fondled and kissed the girl's large firm tits. Millie just loved Maria's hard nipples and rolled the nubs around in her mouth. Maria was extremely turned on by this dual attention and she felt her orgasm coming on. Maria's body stiffened slightly and she gasped into her own hand as she coated Bobbi's face with her female nectar. Bobbi finished licking Maria's pussy and then moved up to trade positions with Millie.

Millie moved between Maria's legs and began an equally competent licking of Maria's pussy. Bobbi kissed Maria and she was pleased when Bobbi thrust her tongue into her mouth. Maria tasted her own juices on Bobbi's face as the two of them kissed. Bobbi then turned her attention to Maria's tits and worked them much like Millie had. Millie was totally consumed with Maria's pussy when she decided the test new waters. Millie slid a pussy moistened finger into Maria's ass and she was pleased when Maria tightened her butt in response. An experienced asshole Millie thought to herself. 

Millie continued to eat Maria's pussy and finger her asshole as Bobbi worked the young coach's large firm tits. Maria felt another orgasm and this time her hips came off the sofa with the intensity of it. Millie's face was covered with Maria's nectar and she sat up and kissed Bobbi. Bobbi kissed Millie back and tasted Maria on her lover's mouth. Maria then surprised them both when she offered to eat their pussies. First Millie pulled up her skirt and Maria removed Millie's panties. As Maria ate Millie's pussy, Bobbi stripped off her warmups and then got down behind Maria. Bobbi licked Maria's pussy from behind and every so often so let her tongue dance over Maria's anus. Maria wiggled her ass in response as she continued to service Millie's pussy.

After Millie came she changed places with Bobbi. Now Maria went to work on Bobbi's pussy as Millie licked Maria from behind. Millie also ran her tongue over Maria's anus and Maria decided that she liked this place already. Bobbi then came and drenched Maria's face with love juice. The three of them then composed themselves and straightened up the best they could. Once they were dressed, Bobbi presented Maria with an offer.

Maria knew she had the upper hand at that point so she said she would accept the position if she could bring her assistant coach Janet with her. Bobbi and Millie looked at each other as they had not expected a counter offer such as that.

"I'll tell you what, just bring her in for an interview and if you don't like her, I'll still consider taking the job," Maria offered. 

Millie and Bobbi agreed as they did not want to lose Maria. They wanted the decision about the new coach wrapped up this week so Maria called Janet and arranged for an interview that Friday. 

JANET'S INTERVIEW

Maria had stayed in town and awaited Janet's arrival of Thursday. They had dinner together that night and shared the same hotel room. Maria filled Janet in on the interview and how she let the AD and President think that they had seduced her. Janet got excited about her interview the next day and Maria told her to be bold.

"Let them think that they are in charge but give yourself to them willingly," Maria advised.

They both went to sleep early that evening and the next morning after breakfast Janet made her way over to the AD's office. Janet stopped in the ladies room and took off her thong panty and put it in her purse. Janet then located Bobbi Parker's office and looked in to see if she was there.

"Excuse me I am sorry to bother you," Janet said apologetically to the attractive woman seated behind the desk.

"Yes may I help you?" Bobbi replied before looking up from her desk.

Bobbi then looked up and was stunned to see such a beautiful young woman standing in the door way to her office. Neither of them spoke again as Bobbi just took in the leggy fit blonde beauty.

"My name is Janet and I am here for the soccer assistant coach's interview," Janet said.

"Won't you please come in and sit down. You are a little early," Bobbi offered and then introduced herself, "I am Bobbi Parker I am the Athletic Director."

"Yes, thank you! It's a pleasure to meet you. I know that I am early but I just wanted to be sure that I was on time," Janet replied.

Janet went in and sat on the sofa as Maria had told her. As she sat down she repeated the leg swing that Maria had executed two days before assuring that her dress would expose her crotch and her bare pussy. Her move did not go unnoticed by Bobbi.

"My God she is not wearing any panties!" Bobbi said silently to herself.

Janet noticed the astonished look on the AD's face and wickedly crossed her legs again repeating the same gesture of exposing her bare pussy. Bobbi stared at the naked muff as Janet lifted one leg to cross over the other as if she was trying to get comfortable on the sofa.

"Sorry, just trying to get comfortable. Is something wrong?" Janet asked.

"Well it's just that I couldn't help notice that you are not wearing any panties," Bobbi stammered.

Oh that, yes you're right I also don't wear bras either. I like the free feel," Janet replied.

Bobbi's face was beet red but she could also feel her own loins heating up from the exhibitionist display of this girl. Janet looked at her and asked if everything was okay. Bobbi saw her lips move but didn't hear any words. Bobbi finally regrouped and heard Janet speak.

"Are you alright?" Janet said louder this time.

"Yes, yes I'm fine. You just caught me off guard when you crossed your legs," Bobbi said with a crack in her voice.

Bobbi then noticed that Janet's skirt was just below her pussy and showing off her sexy thighs and shapely legs. Bobbi found herself staring at the beautiful blond as if she was hoping to get a glimpse of her pussy again.

"Bobbi, why don't you come over here on this side of your desk and sit next to me? That way you won't have to strain to see my legs or my bare pussy," Janet offered.

Bobbi couldn't believe her ears but she like a zombie she stood up and walked around her desk toward Janet. Bobbi was captivated by this blonde woman and seemed to be under a spell.

"You probably should shut the door," Janet reminded her.

Bobbi quickly shut the door and locked it. Then she sat on the sofa next to Janet. Janet smiled at her and then lifted her skirt up to her waist once again putting her luscious pussy on display. Bobbi just sat there in a stupor staring at the golden muff. 

"Would you like to touch my pussy? It is okay if you want to touch it," Janet teased her.

Bobbi ran her hands up over the blonde's beautiful legs and stroked her inner thighs. Janet spread her legs a little wider so that Bobbi could see her labia. Bobbi was crazy with desire as she slipped a finger into Janet's twat. Janet was very wet so Bobbi added a second finger. She fingered Janet for awhile and then took her fingers out of the girl's quim and licked them.

"You can eat my pussy if you would like to," Janet continued the seduction.

Bobbi sank to her knees and lifted Janet's legs up onto her shoulders. Then Bobbi put her mouth on Janet's cunt and began to lick her thoroughly. Bobbi knew what she was doing and Janet recognized her as an accomplished cunt lapper. Janet moaned with her first orgasm and coated Bobbi's face with her juices. Bobbi kept right on eating Janet's pussy reveling in her stroke of good luck. Both of them were startled by someone knocking on the door to Bobbi's office. Then they heard a voice.

"Bobbi this is Millie, please open the door I need to speak with you," Millie said through the door.

"It's the President I have to open the door," Bobbi gasped.

Janet and Bobbi both stood up as Bobbi opened the door for Millie. Millie starred at Bobbi and then at the beautiful blonde. Millie could smell the sex in the air and she could see the moistness on Bobbi's face. "My God," she thought to herself, "She's been eating pussy." 

"Millie this is Janet," started Bobbi but before she could finish her statement Millie cut her off.

"Back in the office, this instance, both of you," Millie said trying to sound firm but she came across as unconvincing.

"Why?" Janet challenged.

Millie stammered as she said, "Because I know what you two have been up to."

"If you say so," said Janet cockily.

The three women went back into Bobbi's office and she closed the door and locked it. Millie turned to look at Bobbi and the beautiful blonde. She couldn't believe that Janet was such a beauty and now she wanted to enjoy this blonde morsel as well.

"I should probably just take off my dress," Janet said as she peeled the yellow mini dress over her head and stood nude in front of the two women.

"My God but you are beautiful!" exclaimed Millie.

Janet walked over and sat on the sofa and beckoned the two women toward her. Millie and Bobbi were both clearly under Janet's control at this point. Bobbi knelt between Janet's legs and picked up where she had left off eating her pussy. Millie sat next to Janet and fondled and kissed the girl's firm tits. Millie just loved Janet's hard nipples and rolled the nubs around in her mouth. Janet was extremely turned on by this dual attention and she felt her second orgasm coming on. Janet's body stiffened slightly and she gasped as she coated Bobbi's face with her female nectar. Bobbi finished licking Janet's pussy and then moved up to trade positions with Millie.

Millie moved between Janet's legs and began an equally competent licking of Janet's pussy. Bobbi kissed Janet and she was surprised when Janet thrust her tongue into Bobbi's mouth. Janet tasted her own juices on Bobbi's face as the two girls kissed. Bobbi then turned her attention to Janet's tits and worked them much like Millie had. Millie was totally consumed with Janet's pussy when Janet spoke. 
