 We went to the same high school. Remarkably, we never met at school. I had heard tale of the "Scottish Exchange Student", but I never actually came into contact with her. We finally met one Saturday, when my friend, Lauren, and I decided to take in a movie. Apparently, Lauren and this mysterious exchange student shared a biology class. They were sitting a few rows ahead of us in the theatre, the exchange student and her friend. Lauren leaned over to me and said, "I think I know that girl up there," pointing to the redhead. "She's in my bio class. I think she's from England or something." When the movie was over, we waited for the two girls to get up and exit the theatre, so Lauren could see if it was, in fact, the foreign girl in her class. As the girls walked in our direction, recognition flashed across the face of the striking redhead.

"Lauren, hi, its me, Roxy, from Mrs. George's 3rd period." Her accent sounded musical to my ears. The way she lilted over her words sounded like sweetly chiming bells.

"Hi, Roxy. How's it going?" Introductions followed. Lauren and I found out that her friend was called Maria. They made a strange pair, really. Roxy was slightly above average height, with lovely pale peridot green eyes and red ringlets cascading down around a countenance of the creamiest white skin. She was thin, but not too thin. She was obviously the child of hippies, as was I. Her dress sense alone told me that much. Maria, on the other hand, was dark, Spanish looking. She was fairly heavy and clearly uncomfortable in her own skin. I could tell immediately that I was going to like Roxy. She exuded something magnetic to me. I instantly felt like I needed to know her. I suppose something inside me knew that she would play a big role in the rest of my life.

The next school day, I made it a point to find her. I had been thinking about her since our first meeting. I only knew for sure that she would be in the biology lab during 3rd period. So, that meant I would have to make a beeline from the art room, on the other side of the school to make it over to where she would be. I sat, anxiously, at my table in the art room trying to work on my assignment. I couldn't stop shifting in my seat. I was ready for the chimes! I wanted to make sure that I saw her! Finally, the old familiar "department store elevator" chimes. I jumped up, grabbed my bag and was out the door. I was racing down the 1st hallway heading for the back hallway. The biology labs were at the end of the back hallway. Kids were beginning to fill the hallways, making it difficult to maintain my speed. Halfway down the back hallway, I spotted her. She was coming towards me. An unexpected turn of events! I had somehow imagined that when she exited the lab she would be heading the opposite direction. Shit! She was going to see me running! At the very least, she would catch up to me and I would be out of breath and unable to talk to her! I began to slow myself and tried to look as casual as possible. She was coming right for me! My heart was pounding in my chest. 

"Hiya!" She said, walking towards me.

"Hi, back!" I tried not to stammer.

"Where ya' headed?" She inquired.

"Oh, I was just going to see if I could catch Lauren." I lied.

"Oh, yeah...She's not here today. Didn't you know that?" She replied.

"Oh, that's right! What was I thinking? Guess my mind was someplace else!" I felt really stupid.

"Well, it happens to the best of us, right? Actually, I'm glad I ran into you."

"Yeah, me too. I was thinking...Do you want to maybe get together this weekend and hang out, or something." I asked nervously.

"Sounds great. Here, let me give you my phone number. You can phone me after school, if you want, and we can talk more about it then. Okay?" She said.

"Okay, cool. I will."

I did, indeed, phone her after school that day, and everyday after that. The more we talked, the more we had to talk about. Soon, we began rearranging our routes to our classes so that we could pass notes to one another and catch a glimpse of each other. We would smile and wave or quickly exchange a word or two. I couldn't get enough of her! When I was with her, I felt special, even cool. She was so different than anyone I had ever met before was, but she understood me. That was something that didn't come along everyday, someone that really understood me. It was only maybe a month or so before I really began to realize that my feelings for Roxy weren't entirely platonic. When I would see her, my heart would pound and my knees would go weak. When she would sit next to me, I could smell the soft floral aroma of her skin. That scent began to subtly infiltrate my brain. Like a Pavlovian response, I began to become spontaneously aroused by it. My mind began running scenarios about telling Roxy about my burgeoning awareness of my bisexuality. In one of the scenarios, Roxy was understanding but clearly not interested. In another, she was horrified at the very thought of it and ran screaming from the room. In yet another, my personal favourite, she turned to me and said that she had wanted to tell me the same thing and we embrace passionately, things then progressing from there. 

I began planning, in earnest, to tell Roxy. For better or for worse, the truth would be known. Being to romantic in my notions to really consider the consequences. I invited her to sleep over at my house, that upcoming weekend. She was agreed gladly. I was going to tell her that night. Things went according to plan, at first. She arrived and we ate dinner with my parents and then went to my room to play games and watch TV. We talked and goofed around for what seemed like ages. Finally, we heard my parents retire for the evening. I suggested that we head out side for a smoke. I had managed to score a little grass of a friend and had been saving it for this occasion. We smoked the joint and talked for a while. As we were having our after cigarettes, I decided to tell her my secret.

"Roxy, there is something that I want to tell you." I began.

"What is it? You sound serious, all of the sudden." She replied.

"I'm...I'm...I'm..."

"Spit it out!"

"Okay," I took a deep breath. "I'm bisexual."

"You're what?" She asked.

"I'm bisexual. I like guys and girls. I just thought I should tell you."

"Why? Were you planning on trying something?"

"No, I mean, I don't know. I mean.." I stammered.

"How do you know?"

"How do I know, what?" 

"That you're bisexual?" She questioned.

"I don't know. I just know."

"Have you ever done anything with a girl?" She further questioned.

"No, but I don't think that matters. Have you ever done anything with a guy?" I responded.

"No. Not really." She answered.

"How do you know you really like guys, then?"

"That's different."

"No, it isn't. I just like them, okay. The same way you know you like guys. I like guys too, though. So, its not like I am a lesbian or anything." I naively explained. "Have you ever thought about girls like that?"

"I don't know." She replied.

"Oh, come on, I just told you the truth. You know whether you have ever had thought about girls." 

After a long pause, she said, "Umm, yeah, I think I have."

"Anybody I know?" I teased.

She turned and looked at me, her face stone serious. "You," she said quietly. My heart started racing. I felt vaguely lightheaded. Was this really happening? Was I so stoned that I was imagining things? My thoughts ran through my brain at lightning speed. 

"Are you serious?" Was all I could muster.

"Yeah." She nodded as she stared at the ground.

"Then, I gotta tell you, me too. I mean, I have had thoughts about you, too." I felt like I was going to faint. She glanced up and I caught her eye. Then, she turned to look me directly in the eyes. Her hand came up, as if of its own accord, and she touched my face gently. Was she feeling the same way I was, full of electricity and fire? From the look in her eyes, I could tell that she was. She leaned towards me and I instinctively began to kiss her. I had never kissed a girl before. Her lips were soft and warm. Her lips parted slightly and her tongue darted into my mouth. I felt like I was going to explode! My tongue met hers and they danced back and forth between our parted lips. I had no idea what I was doing, but I knew I liked it and wanted to do it some more. My hand came up and gently grazed her breast, through her shirt. At this, she kissed me more deeply. I became bolder and placed my hand squarely on her breast. Her nipple was erect and strained against the fabric of her shirt. She moaned softly, encouraging my exploration. Her hand came up and she began to caress my breast, as well.

I broke the kiss and said, "Lets go inside before somebody sees us." We quickly headed inside and straight for my room. Once inside, we looked at each other and she said, "do you want to pick up where we left off?" I needed no further encouragement. I took her hand and led her over to my bed. We sat down on the side of the bed and began to kiss again. My hands had a mind of their own, running up and down her soft female form. I could scarcely believe this was really happening to me. I had only the year before lost my virginity to a guy my friend Shannon had set me up with. Since then, I had had two more sexual encounters. One at a party and one with a good friend. Before that, I had only had a scant few make out sessions with a few "boyfriends". My sexual inexperience would have shown were it not for the fact that my trivial few encounters far surpassed anything Roxy had experienced thus far. We laid down on the bed, pressing our nubile you bodies against one another. We fumbled with our clothes, unsure of our course of action. Once naked we pressed our bodies together and kissed passionately. My body was on fire. Until that moment, I never truly knew desire. I wanted this woman! I licked her nipples, eliciting a deep moan from her throat. My hands were shaking, but so were hers. I licked and teased her erect nipples excitedly. My hand slid down her body and then cautiously between her legs. The smell of her body was intoxicating. That sweet floral smell was mixed with something new, the scent of arousal. Her pussy was very wet and her body shuddered against my hand. I wasn't sure what I should do next. All I could think about was how much I wanted to put my mouth on her and taste her pussy. The desire was so great, but yet I didn't want her to think I was some kind of pervert or something. I thought I had better ask, so I said, "I want to taste you. Can I put my mouth on your pussy?" 

"Oh, yes, that would be really good." She replied. I knelt down between her legs and slowly lowered my face to her pink pussy. I apprehensively began to lick her. 

"Oh, yes, that feels really good. Do that more!" She said. The smell and taste of her were overcoming me. I had never experienced anything so completely erotic before. It was simply amazing! I licked her eagerly. She tasted so incredible that I felt as though I would never be able to get enough of her. Her body began to shake and she said, "Oh, God, oh, yes...oh, God, oh...oh...God..." Then she began moaning rather loudly. I started getting a little nervous. I wasn't sure if this was a good thing. I thought that she was having an orgasm, but it sounded almost painful. Thank God my bedroom walls were thick! My parents' were sleeping in the next room! I was too excited to stop now, anyway. Slowly, Roxy began to calm down and pushed my head back. 

"Oh my God! I have never experienced anything like that before!" She exclaimed.

"Was it okay?" I asked timidly.

"Okay!?! It was amazing!!! I'll probably never have an orgasm like that again!!" She answered. "You gotta try it!! Lay back and I'll do you now."

I did as she said and she first ran her fingers between my pussy lips, to "test the waters". She found that I was very aroused and very wet. Her tongue then darted out and began flick it teasingly against my clit. A lightning bolt of pure pleasure shot through my youthful body. She began licking me, in earnest. This was the most amazing thing that I had ever felt in my life! Her tongue worked my clit with surprising skill. Instinctively knowing when to speed up and when to slow down. My body ached for release. I arched my back and ran my hands roughly over my breasts. I felt the pressure mounting as she continued to lick my pussy in pure abandon. Suddenly, my body tensed and I was consumed by a pleasure I had never known before. Orgasm after intense orgasm shot through my body. I moaned loudly and mumbled incoherently. Finally, the orgasms began to subside. I pushed her head away, gently. She looked at me and smiled, "See? Wasn't that like the most amazing thing ever?" She asked.

"Yes, it most definitely was." I replied, breathlessly. I knew as I stared into her beautiful eyes that I would never be able to get enough of her and of this. I knew she would be a life long addiction. 

"Do you wanna be my girlfriend?" I asked, feeling a little silly.

"Of course, silly!" She teasingly pinched my still erect nipple.

...And the rest, as they say, is history...