 Tammy was Tina's roommate and Tammy felt that Tina was always checking her out when they were naked in the shower. Tammy somewhat suspected that Tina was a lesbian but Tina had never come onto Tammy. However Tammy noticed that Tina checked out the other girls too and she spent a lot of time with the assistant coach Monique who was known to be a lesbian. 

Tammy was a cute twenty-year old with reddish blonde hair. She was 5'6" tall and weighed 120 pounds with a shapely 34-23-35 figure. She was not a virgin as she had dated boys before but none that resulted in a relationship. She was in her junior year of college and she only dated boys when she was home during summer break. Tammy had no experience with other women but she often wondered what it would be like. A couple of boys had eaten her pussy and she liked that. Tammy assumed that's what women did to each other when they made love.

One day during practice Tammy strained a muscle high on her leg near her groin. Maria told Tammy to go in and see the nurse Lori Jones who was also the team trainer. Tammy walked gingerly back to the locker room and into the training room. Tammy explained the injury to Lori and Lori told Tammy to sit on the training table.

Lori asked Tammy where it hurt and she explained that it was the back of her thigh. Lori told Tammy that it sounded more like a cramp then a strain. Lori told Tammy to lay face down on the training table and that she would massage the cramp from her leg. Lori started to massage Tammy's leg and asked if it felt better. Tammy said that the rubbing helped but that the pain was a little higher. Lori moved her hands higher under Tammy's soccer shorts almost up to Tammy's panties. Tammy could hear Lori breathing hard as she massaged Tammy's leg.

Lori Jones was consumed by the beauty of this girl, her shapely legs and her shapely ass. As Lori rubbed Tammy's thigh she allowed her hands to brush against Tammy's panty covered ass and pussy. Lori could feel the dampness in Tammy's cotton panties. Lori told Tammy that she thought it could be a glute muscle and began to massage Tammy's ass cheek. 

Lori told Tammy that she would apply a sport cream that would help reduce the soreness. Lori's voice trembled as she explained to Tammy that it would be better to remove her soccer shorts and panties in order to apply the cream. Tammy just nodded shyly and Lori gripped the girl's shorts and panties together with both hands and slowly peeled them off of Tammy's buttocks. Lori left them at the back of the girl's thighs just above her knee high soccer socks. Tammy was a thing of beauty and Lori felt herself tremble. Lori rubbed the cream all over Tammy's thigh and ass cheek. She reached between the thighs and purposely brushed her hands against Tammy's pubic area. 

Tammy jumped and gasped. "Oh! Sorry that felt weird." 

Lori daringly continued the casual assault on Tammy's body coming into contact more and more with her pussy. 

"Oh, oh what is happening, my pussy is tingling and I'm getting so wet," Tammy thought to herself.

Tammy now knew that the touching of her pussy was intentional. Tammy had a decision to make as to how far to let this go. She was nervous but at the same time it felt good to have Miss Jones touch her. 

"Oh, I'm getting wet. I don't think that you should do that, Miss Jones?" Tammy implored. 

Lori felt Tammy's pussy and her resistance broke down. "Yes I can feel how wet you are Tammy, you are excited and I am excited, let me help you," Lori pleaded. 

Lori began to finger Tammy's twat and diddle her clit. Tammy began to respond to Lori's hand. 

"Oh Miss Jones what's happening?" Tammy continued. 

"Call me Lori my dear Tammy and let me show you the joy of woman sex," Lori almost begged.

Lori rolled Tammy over on her back and removed her shorts and panties from her legs. Lori pushed Tammy's legs apart and leaned in to taste her pussy. Tammy jumped from the initial contact of Lori's tongue on her clit but then settled down and let Lori lick her through multiple orgasms. Lori was an expert cunt licker and Tammy enjoyed every moment of it. Lori sucked on Tammy's clit and fingered her pussy. 

Lori then added a finger to Tammy's asshole and for the first time Tammy had something in her ass. The finger in her ass felt strange but erotic and Tammy felt wickedly turned on by the anal intrusion. Lori had her middle finger in Tammy's ass and her thumb in Tammy's cunt as she brought the girl off numerous times. Tammy creamed Lori's face soaking it with her juices. Lori rose up and leaned over to kiss Tammy allowing Tammy to taste her own nectar. Tammy was so excited now that she surprised Lori by driving her tongue into Lori's mouth and deeply French kissing her. For the first time in her life Tammy kissed another woman and she liked doing it.

"Oh Lori that was wonderful, can I do something for you? Do you want me to eat your pussy the way you ate mine?" Tammy asked excitedly. 

Lori couldn't believe what she was hearing and her soaking wet pussy was in need of some attention. Lori nodded in her excitement and stripped off her warm-up bottoms and panties. Lori switched positions with Tammy and Tammy then dove right in and began sucking Lori's twat. 

"Am I doing it right," Tammy asked Lori. 

"Oh yes, oh yes you are!" cried Lori. 

Tammy gave Lori the same treatment that she had received as she sucked on Lori's cunt and fingered her asshole and pussy. Lori was beside herself as she came and came and came. Lori was drained emotionally and sexually from the seduction as well as the sex. Tammy pulled her panties and shorts back on and announced that she felt better and that she was going back to practice. Lori just lay there naked from the waist down with her panties and bottoms on the floor. Lori heard the locker room door shut as Tammy left and then Lori reached down to stroke her insatiable pussy. Marvelous she thought! I can't wait to tell Monique.

That night as Monique was pounding Lori's pussy with a strap-on cock, Lori reminisced about the afternoon encounter with Tammy. Lori had a butt plug in her ass as Monique fucked her and tweaked her sensitive nipples. Lori thought about introducing Tammy to her toys. Would Tammy let Lori fuck her pussy and maybe her ass? Would Lori let Monique fuck her too? Would Tammy let both of them fuck her? Time would tell.

TAMMY AND TINA

Tina found out the next day about Tammy and Lori. Tina and Monique had just finished making love when Monique told Tina about Tammy and Lori. Tina told Monique that she would test the water with Tammy to be sure it wasn't a one time fling with Lori. Tina hoped that Tammy would be receptive to her advances and that may be the four of them could get together later.

One day after practice in the shower Tina purposely stood next to Tammy. Tina acted as if her hands accidently touched Tammy's body and she apologized each time it happened. Tammy was getting nervous but again she was slightly turned on by the touching. The two girls exited the shower, dried off and got dressed. They walked back to their dorm room together and Tina kept complimenting Tammy on her body. Tina told Tammy how good her tits and ass looked and that Tina felt her own tits were too big. She told Tammy that her tits were just the right size. Tammy was getting more and more turned on by Tina's talk and Tammy felt her pussy tingle with excitement.

Tammy wondered if Tina would make advances toward her and if Tina did, Tammy wondered if she would let her. Tammy's desires had been awakened by Lori and she found herself wondering what it would be like to make love with Tina. The two girls entered their dorm room and sat on their own beds. Tina stared at Tammy and then moved over to Tammy's bed and sat next to her. No words were spoken as Tina took Tammy's head in her hands and kissed her deeply. The kiss felt good and Tammy kissed Tina back. Soon both tongues were dueling in the each other's mouth and Tammy was getting hotter by the second. Tina peeled off Tammy's top and bra and complemented her on her breasts again. 

"They are so lovely and just the right size. I love you hard little nubs," Tina said as she kissed, sucked and fondled Tammy's tits and tweaked her nipples.

Tina was so gentle for such a physical girl. She worked her way down Tammy's body to her abdomen and kissed her along the waistline. She pulled Tammy's shorts down over her buns and gasped as Tammy's ass came into view. Tina was fascinated with Tammy's curvy ass and she loved to kiss it and rim Tammy's asshole. Tammy thought that she would pass out when she felt Tina's tongue probed her anus. Up to then only Lori's finger had been in Tammy's asshole. Tina kissed and played with Tammy's bottom a little longer before removing the shorts all the way. Tina turned Tammy toward her and licked Tammy's pussy a couple of times tasting her.

"Let me give you a massage and then we will play a little bit," Tina said as she patted Tammy's ass and tapped the bed. "First the front and then the back," Tina directed.

Tammy stretched out on the bed on her back. Tina massaged every part of Tammy's body working out every kink and muscle tightness that Tammy never realized she had. Tina then had Tammy turn over on her stomach and she repeated the process on Tammy's shoulders, back and legs. Tammy was totally relaxed when Tina finished. Tina then broke out some massage oil that had a pleasant almond-like scent and rubbed it all over the back of Tammy's body and paid a lot of attention to Tammy's ass.

Tina was rubbing the oil into Tammy's buttocks when she spoke, "You know you have the most incredible ass and now I am going to make love to your beautiful bottom".

Tina lifted Tammy by the hips so that her ass was elevated. Tina began kissing Tammy's shapely ass cheeks and rubbing her hands all over them. Tina tongued Tammy's asshole probing and licking her pink little rosebud. Tina then surprised Tammy when she placed one of her fingers at the entrance to Tammy's asshole and rubbed more oil around it. Then Tina slipped her slender finger into Tammy's bung hole and slowly moved it back and forth. At first Tammy tensed up not knowing where Tina was headed, but then Tammy relaxed as Tina continued to finger her. Tina inserted a couple of fingers in Tammy's pussy and moved her hand back and forth. Tina was now fucking Tammy's pussy and ass and the same time. Then with her other hand Tina searched for Tammy's clit hiding underneath its protective hood.

Tina twirled Tammy's clit between her fingers as she continued to finger fuck Tammy with her hand. Tina then removed her finger from Tammy's asshole and replaced it with a thumb. Tina inserted the thumb slowly and allowed Tammy to adjust to the increased thickness in her asshole. Tina added two fingers to Tammy's pussy again and held her in a bowling ball grip. As Tina flexed her fingers and thumb together and rubbed Tammy's clit with her other hand, Tammy exploded with her first orgasm of the day.

Tina removed her hands and rolled Tammy over on her back. Tina then dove into Tammy's womb clamped her mouth down on Tammy's pussy and sucked up the pussy juice. As Tina lapped up Tammy's female juices she re-inserted a finger in Tammy's anus which caused Tammy to flinch with yet another small orgasm. Tina sucked Tammy dry and then she removed her finger from Tammy's ass. Tina moved up the bed and kissed Tammy deeply. Tina kissed Tammy plunging her tongue into Tammy's mouth searching for Tammy's tongue. As they tongued dueled Tammy could taste the juices from her pussy just as she had with Lori.

Tina sat up and Tammy realized that Tina was still dressed. Tina then stripped off her clothes and Tammy watched as the big tits spilled out of Tina's bra. Tina put on her robe and then tossed Tammy's robe over to the bed. Tammy sat up and put on the robe as she watched Tina open a bottle of wine and pour two glasses for them.

They sat next to each other on Tammy's bed in their robes sipping an excellent merlot and engaged in a conversation about girl sex. The terry robes were very short and ended a good 12" above their knees. Their legs touched as they drank wine and chatted and Tammy sensed they were both becoming aroused again. Tina turned toward Tammy and kissed her face lightly between sips of wine and then kissed her on the lips again. Tammy returned Tina's kiss and as she did she felt Tina's hand snake under the robe and travel up Tammy's thigh to her mound. Tina rubbed Tammy's mound a little bit and then sunk her finger into Tammy's very wet pussy. Tina added a second finger to Tammy's pussy extracting a moan. 

"Let's make love again," Tina suggested.

They both let the robes slip from their bodies and slide to the floor. Tina turned the lights down so that the dorm room was dimly lit but it was still light enough for them to see the other's beauty. They came together on the bed wrapping their arms around each other and crushing their breasts together. Their legs intertwined so that they both had the other's thigh pressing against their mounds. Within moments their pussies were sopping wet with excitement. Tina rolled over on her back and positioned Tammy over her in a 69 position. They drove at each other's pussy plunging their tongues deep in each other's cunt. Tammy was overcome with lust. They searched for their clits tucked behind the protective hoods and nibbled them and rolled them in their teeth. Tina had both hands on Tammy's ass and lovingly massaged the ass cheeks as she devoured Tammy's pussy. Tammy plunged two fingers in Tina's womb as she ate Tina's pussy.

Tammy's orgasm was building rapidly and she knew she was in for another intense one. Tina started humping Tammy's face as her body lost control and Tammy covered Tina's face with her cunt as the flood gates opened. They held tight to each other as they humped each other's face drenching them with their female juices. They held each other for a few minutes after their intense orgasms and Tina continued stroking Tammy's ass and lightly kissed Tammy's buns. Tammy rolled off of Tina and Tina left the bed whispering that she would be right back and for Tammy to stay in bed. Tammy closed her eyes and lay on her back in a relaxed euphoric state. Tammy thought that it was amazing how the aftermath of an intense orgasm could be so calming and so relaxing.

Tammy thought her eyes were playing tricks on her as she tried to focus on the figure standing in their dorm room. The figure leaned against the door and appeared to be naked and was displaying an impressive erection. The person was looking at Tammy on the bed and then slowly turned and moved in her direction. Tammy panicked as she thought that another person had entered their room. As the person approached Tammy could see better and then she realized it was Tina. Tina slowly closed the space between them and Tammy could now see that Tina had an erect cock. Tammy knew it had to be a dildo but she didn't how was it attached. Tina gradually moved closer and Tammy finally saw the harness holding the strap-on dildo.

Tina looked menacing wearing the strap-on with her Amazon physique. She was like the hunter stalking her prey and Tammy being the over matched prey had only one choice, to be submissive. Tina knelt up on the bed and looked down at Tammy and smiled.

"How do you like my cock," Tina asked in a sultry manner?

Tammy couldn't believe how real it looked with the mushroom head and the lifelike veins. It was about 8" long and 5" around. It was bigger than any of the real cocks that she ever had. 

"I have been thinking about this for quite awhile but I wanted to wait until the right moment," Tina whispered.

Tina lay beside Tammy playing with her body, cupping her breasts and stroking Tammy's nipples for quite sometime. Then Tina lowered her head and took one of Tammy's hardened nipples between her teeth and bit down on it gently. Tammy gasped with delight as Tina rolled the nub in her teeth. Tina then rolled over so that she was on top of Tammy and slowly stroked the artificial penis across Tammy's perineum. Tina then thoroughly coated the length of it with the juices from their torrid 69 that were still dribbling out from between Tammy's puffy pussy lips.

Tina crawled between Tammy's spread thighs and pressed the head of the dildo against Tammy's gaping slit. Tammy moaned and opened her legs wider as Tina worked the phallus inside her. Tina slowly thrust forward until the massive cock was completely buried inside Tammy's tight cunt. Tina then started rotating her hips, churning the toy about as she kept the fake cock in constant contact with Tammy's clit.

Tammy wrapped her legs around Tina's muscular torso opening herself up fully to Tina's ministrations. Tina was soon pummeling the fake dick harder and faster with her stomach slamming against Tammy's abdomen. Tammy could feel the intense orgasm building up in her slender form as Tina's Amazon body pounded the phallic-shaped object in and out of Tammy's sopping wet pussy. Tammy's body grew rigid and just as she was about to scream Tina pressed her lips against Tammy's forcing her tongue into Tammy's open mouth.

Her body wracked by the orgasm Tammy convulsed spontaneously while trying to catch her breath. Tina was still moments away from her own climactic conclusion and she continued to pummel the artificial penis into Tammy. In the dimly lit dorm room the sweat glistened off of Tina's skin and poured down her back and sides, soaking the sheet beneath them. As Tina's own orgasm flooded her groin, her movement finally slowed down to the light bucking of her hips until everything had subsided.

They rested in each other's arms with Tina on top of Tammy and the fake cock still buried in Tammy's pussy. Slowly Tina lifted herself off of Tammy and backed the dildo out of Tammy's womb. Tina rolled Tammy over on her stomach and began to massage Tammy's body. Tina worked Tammy's shoulders down to her lower back and as she straddled her, Tammy could feel the imitation cock brushing against her buttocks. Tina continued to massage Tammy's body moving her hands to Tammy's legs and working them up to her butt. Tina rubbed Tammy's shapely ass cheeks and then she lifted Tammy up by the hips elevating her ass.

"I have to fuck you once more," Tina said, her voice cracking.

Tammy panicked as she thought that Tina intended to fuck her in the ass. Then Tammy relaxed as Tina eased the fake dick back into Tammy's pussy as she held on to Tammy's ass cheeks. Tina fucked Tammy slowly and massaged her ass. Tammy reached her own hand up to her pussy and diddled her clit as the phallus plunged in and out of her hole. Tina seemed mesmerized with Tammy's ass as she fucked her and molded Tammy's shapely ass in her hands. Tammy had several more orgasms before Tina stopped fucking her. Tammy's last orgasm was the most intense as Tina finger fucked Tammy's asshole as the dildo pounded Tammy's pussy.

Tammy collapsed on the bed and pleaded, "Tina no more, please no more, I can't take anymore!" 

Tina collapsed on top of Tammy leaving the fake cock in Tammy's pussy. Then Tina rolled off of her teammate and rested on her back. Tammy looked at Tina with the dildo sticking straight up in the air. Tammy studied the big dildo that had just been in her pussy and she was thankful that Tina had not tried to put it in her ass. 

"Let me rest a little bit and then you can fuck me," Tina whispered.

"Not now Tina, I'm too tired, another time," Tammy whispered in reply now knowing that there would indeed be other times.

TAMMY'S MOM VISITS THE CAMPUS

Tammy's mother Monica had come to the college to check on Tammy's progress and also discuss her contribution to the school foundation with the president Millie. Millie received Monica in her office and had all sorts of accolades about Tammy's outstanding performance as a student and soccer player. By now Millie knew about Tammy's affairs with Tina and Lori and she was anxious to sample Tammy's charms herself. Monica was thrilled with Tammy's accomplishments and couldn't thank Millie enough. Millie was attracted to Monica and wondered if she was as sexually promiscuous as her daughter. Monica was an attractive 35-24-35, ash blond women at 135 lbs and 5'6". She had shapely legs and a luscious ass just like Tammy. Monica was widowed and was left a nice inheritance from her prosperous deceased husband. 
