 MARCIA AND SUSAN

Marcia and Susan ended up as roommates since they both played on the soccer team. Marcia was a cute brunette with a shapely 34 --24-34 figure. Susan, also a brunette was a little bigger with a 35-25-36 figure but she was in excellent shape. Both the girls unbeknown to each other had had lesbian experiences with former faculty members. Neither of them let on to the other one that they were into girls as they both were nervous about coming out.

In high school Susan had remained a virgin. Her body had not developed and the boys were always after the girls with the big tits and big asses. She was an excellent student and she was accepted into the prestigious all girls college. She was 18 when she had her first encounter and it was with her best friend at the time, Dawn. She and Dawn used to sneak kisses and finger each other any time they were alone. One day they got caught in an empty classroom by a hall monitor and they had to report to the principal's office.

Principal Melissa Cooper demanded an explanation for the two girl's behavior. Dawn began the explanation. She told the principal that she and Susan had been good friends for a long time and they had worked on many assignments together. They became very close. They started experimenting with their own pussies as they loved to finger them and get off while the other one was watching. Then they took showers together and soaped each other's body up. They started touching each other's pussies in the shower. After that they became bolder and slept in the same bed after school with each other naked. They would rub their titties and pussies and experience their first orgasms.

Susan then chimed in. They loved touching each other so much that they wanted to do it all the time. So they started taking chances. They had been doing in the vacant classroom for sometime now but this is the first time we ever got caught. They pleaded with the principal not to suspend them. The principal asked them if they were both still virgins to which both of them admitted that they were. Then the whole situation took a different turn.

The principal asked them if they had ever eaten each other's pussy. Susan and Dawn were shocked by the question but they admitted that they had not done that. Then the Principal told the girls to show her exactly what they were doing when they got caught. Dawn and Susan were embarrassed that they had to do it in the Principal's office in front of her but they knew they had no other choice.

Susan slid over next to Dawn on the office sofa and put her arms around her. Then the two girls pink with embarrassment began to kiss each other. Then they began to stroke each other's thighs working their way up to their panty covered pussies. The girls were breathing hard as their tongues danced inside each other's mouth. Susan pulled Dawn's panty elastic to the side and bared the brunette's virginal muff. She then traced her finger around the outside of Dawn's labia causing the youngster to moan out loud. 

Dawn duplicated the action by pulling Susan's panty to side and bared her pussy as well. Dawn teased Susan with her finger just as Susan was doing to her. The girl's pussies had gotten moist and their fingers slid inside the lips of their pussies. The Principal got hot from watching them pleasure each other and she told them to take their panties off. The girls had hesitated unsure of what to do so the Principal moved to her knees in front of them and stroked Susan's thighs.

Principal Melissa reached up and took a hold of Susan's panty by the waistband and slowly pulled them down her thighs and off her legs. Melissa had stared briefly at the pretty pussy in front of her face. Then Melissa moved to Dawn and removed her panties in the same manner. Now both naked pussies were right in front of the Principal. Susan remembered how Melissa's voice cracked when she told the girls that it was time that they had their pussies licked.

Melissa had leaned in and placed her mouth on Susan's sweet pussy. Melissa licked the virgin pussy thoroughly and she drove Susan wild. Susan had never felt anything quite like it and she was consumed with desire. Susan moaned softly as Melissa licked her and probed her with her tongue. Melissa located the girl's clit and ran her tongue over the hooded nub. Then she began to nibble and suck on Susan's clit sending her over the edge. Susan's body trembled and humped frantically as she had a string of orgasms. Melissa kept her mouth glued to the girl's tasty cunt as Susan drenched Melissa's face with her sweet nectar. Dawn had watched in amazement as her friend's body spasmed with orgasms. Dawn had never seen anyone cum like that in her life. Susan recalled how she screamed that she was cumming and then Melissa licked her until she began to settle down and her body went still. Melissa had licked the remaining juices from Susan's quim and had licked her lips savoring Susan's sweet virginal taste. 

Melissa then turned her attention to Dawn. Dawn was clearly apprehensive but she soon got into it as Melissa began to lick her pussy. It was a repeat performance for Melissa and within minutes the young brunette was writhing in orgasm. Melissa ate Dawn through multiple orgasms just as she had done with Susan. Dawn had a mind blowing, body draining orgasm that left her weak. The girls could not believe what Melissa had been able to do to them. Melissa sat back in her chair and looked at the two drained teenage morsels and it was obvious that she felt very satisfied that she was able to bring these girls so much pleasure.

Melissa told them to put their panties back on and then she told them to be more careful in the future. Melissa also told them that she expected to see more of the girls in the future. After that day Susan and Dawn ate each other all the time and then learned about 69 so they could eat each other at the same time. Principal Melissa introduced the girls to a Guidance Counselor named Barbara who also ate their pussies. Dawn and Susan were invited to Melissa's home one weekend where they repeatedly had sex with Melissa and Barbara. It was that weekend that Susan and Dawn lost their virginity as Melissa and Barbara fucked them with strap-on dildos. 

One Wednesday after school was over, Marcia's teacher sat in her classroom catching up on some paperwork. She was surprised when Marcia arrived at her classroom and asked if she could speak with her. Claudette did not know that Marcia was prepared to do anything to get her grade higher so that she could remain eligible for soccer. Marcia suspected that her teacher and Marcia actually had a little crush on the French teacher. Marcia had no idea that Claudette Dubois secretly lusted after her as well. 

Marcia had pulled up her uniform skirt higher than normal so that the hem of her skirt would be about 12" above the knees. Marcia had pretty legs and creamy thighs and she looked very tantalizing with her legs exposed above her knee high socks. Marcia asked her teacher for extra help so that she could raise her grade. The French teacher then agreed to schedule some time to help Marcia raise her grade.

Claudette could feel her loins stir as she looked at the girl standing next to her desk. Claudette leaned back in her chair and rested her arms on the arms of the chair. Marcia moved closer purposely and let her bare thigh brush up against Claudette's arm. The touch was electric and sent a shock through Claudette's body. Claudette did not remove her arm and Marcia continued to brush her bare thigh against her teacher's fore arm. Claudette wanted desperately to touch the young girl's thighs and caress her skin but she dared not try. Claudette did not know that Marcia was silently hoping that her teacher would stroke her thighs and touch her pussy. Marcia's panties were getting wet.

Claudette watched as her student accidentally lifted her skirt too high and exposed her white cotton panties. Claudette found her hand move toward the student as if it had a mind of its own. Claudette brushed the back of her hand against Marcia's bare thigh emitting a gasp from her. Marcia did not move away so Claudette then began caressing the young girl's thigh and let her hand trail up toward Marcia's panty covered pussy. Marcia held her breath as her teacher's hand neared her pussy and then gasped aloud when it brushed over her panties.

Claudette's hand was trembling as it passed over Marcia's panty covered pussy. Claudette then realized that Marcia's panties were soaked due to the girl's excitement. Claudette held Marcia's skirt up with one hand as she moved Marcia's panty to side with her other hand. Claudette looked at the bare young pussy in front of her and caressed it tenderly. Marcia was now trembling as the caresses continued and she came on the spot when Claudette inserted a finger into her pussy. Claudette finger fucked her student slowly and then removed her finger to lick it clean. Claudette looked up at Marcia and saw that the student had her eyes closed.

Claudette suggested that they continue the session at her home and she wrote the directions to her house and told Marcia to stay in her school uniform. Marcia then left the classroom and Claudette headed home. Within the hour Marcia and Claudette were kissing each other as they knelt on Claudette's bed both still fully clothed. Claudette unbuttoned Marcia's blouse and unhooked Marcia's bra. She pushed the bra up over Marcia's tits and lowered her mouth to Marcia's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Marcia had tan lines around her tits from her skimpy bikini top because she had never sunbathed topless. Claudette than began her tortuous journey down Marcia's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin.

Claudette then had Marcia unbutton Claudette's blouse and unhook her bra. Marcia pushed the bra up just as Claudette had done to her and then the two of them kissed again and let their breasts press against the others. Claudette then reached under Marcia's plaid skirt and pulled Marcia's panties down to her knees just above the white knee high socks. Claudette then leaned over and kissed Marcia's tits as she played with Marcia's pussy. Marcia cried out as her teacher's finger wormed its way into her pussy. 

Claudette then had Marcia do the same to her. Marcia lifted her teacher's skirt to her waist and then pulled Claudette's silk panties down her thighs to her knees. Claudette and Marcia then kissed again with their breasts crushed together as they fingered each other's pussy. They were both still fully clothed and they created an erotic scene. They ran their hands over each other's buttocks as Marcia followed Claudette's lead. Their pussies were dripping wet as the teacher and student carried out their erotic love making. Claudette decided that it was time to take it to the next step. 

Claudette stripped Marcia of her school uniform and the naked Marcia stripped Claudette of all her clothes. Claudette lay back down with Marcia on the bed and their bodies came together. Marcia's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. Marcia began touching Claudette's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Claudette began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for them to be together and not at all taboo to be female lovers. As Claudette's tongue circled Marcia's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make her cum. Marcia felt Claudette's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then trying to find their way inside her. Marcia moved her legs further apart trying to help Claudette and soon she was fingering Marcia with soft, slow, tender probes.

Marcia couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Claudette's head down and Claudette nestled between her legs. Claudette used her hands to slowly open Marcia's legs and placed Marcia's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Claudette traced the soft outer lips of Marcia's swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Marcia felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting Claudette's invasion. Claudette put more fingers inside Marcia and caressed her inner walls while the thumb positioned itself on the tip of Marcia's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Claudette moved herself slowly up Marcia's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Claudette took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Marcia's hard nipples. Marcia in turn reached for Claudette's breasts and felt the hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Marcia pinched and rolled Claudette's nipples between her fingers while Claudette tongued her breasts. Claudette whispered to Marcia that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Marcia could feel the wetness of Claudette's pussy saturating her thigh.

Claudette broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Marcia's aching pussy. As Claudette reached Marcia's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Claudette herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Marcia's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Claudette's mouth. Claudette was unprepared for her gusher but none the less she licked at her silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Marcia's beautiful hot young body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Marcia's center up and down firmly enough that Marcia could feel it on her clit. Claudette drove Marcia mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Marcia arched her back and pulled Claudette's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Claudette's mouth. Claudette wrapped her lips around. Marcia gasped as Claudette's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Marcia's hips lifted off of the bed as Claudette sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Marcia. Claudette worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Marcia's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Marcia's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Claudette's face which was totally covered with Marcia's sweet love juices that gushed as the dam broke. 

Claudette continued to lap at the hard clit as Marcia's body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly Marcia relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the sofa as Claudette moved up to her lips and covered them with her own mouth, kissing Marcia tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Marcia's lips so she could taste herself. Marcia kissed Claudette eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the bed cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

Marcia knew that it was now her turn and Claudette opened her legs and guided Marcia between her thighs. Marcia looked right at Claudette's beautiful pussy and she leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Marcia knew exactly what she was doing. Marcia took one, slow lick as she flattened my tongue on Claudette's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Marcia knew she had achieved the desired effect from the moan she know that Claudette enjoyed it. To Marcia's surprise she enjoyed her first taste of adult pussy and she kept licking and eating Claudette. Marcia pointed her tongue and burrowed into Claudette's pussy as it parted the labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Claudette's juice. 

Claudette was obviously enjoying what Marcia was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Marcia's tongue to explore her pussy. Marcia's tongue explored all of Claudette as her mind took notes of what seemed to turn Claudette on. Claudette was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Marcia got near her hard pearl. As Marcia searched out Claudette's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Claudette tensed and began to quiver. After Marcia felt like she had teased Claudette's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Claudette's reaction when Marcia's tongue finally touched that pearl just as Claudette had done to her earlier.

Marcia burrowed her tongue as deep into Claudette as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Marcia got to Claudette's clit she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Marcia was truly amazed at its hardness as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Claudette was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. Marcia nuzzled it with her nose taking in Claudette's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Claudette went wild and started bucking and calling out Marcia's name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Marcia's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Marcia sucked Claudette's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Claudette humped her face for all she was worth. Marcia was excited that she was able to get Claudette that excited and she sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with her lips, tongue and teeth. Marcia didn't know exactly how many times Claudette came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. 

The team had won their first game handily over Hempstead 6-0 and they had all gone out to celebrate the victory. The girls went to the nearby watering hole and had a few drinks. They had to put off some of the local guys who hung out at the bar hoping to score with the girls but they were not hassled. The team started to break up and leave the bar and head back to their dorm rooms. Marcia was feeling very romantic after a few glasses of white wine and Susan was in a receptive mood.

As they entered their dorm Marcia pushed Susan back against the door, turned the dead bolt lock and pressed her knee into the young woman as she pinned her against the door. Marcia's hands were all over Susan as she started kissing her passionately on the lips. Marcia's kisses were so wonderful and eager as her hands cupped Susan's face, Marcia kissed her over and over. Susan reveled in the thrill of all the emotions and adrenalin coursing through her body. Marcia nibbled on Susan's lower lip gently and Susan gushed with exhilaration as their tongues intertwined. Marcia shoved her tongue deep into Susan's mouth causing her knees to almost buckle under her with the excitement of the moment. As Marcia's wet hot tongue explored Susan's mouth her hands roamed all over her body. Marcia explored inside Susan's shirt, up her skirt and stroked the exposed skin of her thighs. Susan murmured into Marcia's mouth as her teammates' caresses sent shivers through her body as Marcia seductively stroked her breasts and thighs. Susan's desire intensified as Marcia stroked her pussy through her damp panties.

Marcia dropped to her knees and raised Susan's skirt pushing it up to her waist. Then she hooked her fingers into Susan's panty and slowly peeled it down her thighs and off her legs. Marcia then held the panty to her nose and inhaled the sweet smell of Susan's sex. Next Marcia steered Susan back against the desk and helped raise her up until she was sitting on the desk. Marcia smiled wickedly at Susan as she pushed up her skirt and then dropped slowly in front of her. As Marcia spread her legs Susan couldn't conceal a moan and she had to stifle her gasps with the back of her hand. Susan could feel Marcia's hot breath on her sopping wet pussy. Susan then started to place delicate kisses upon Susan's naked thighs and the sensation of her wet lips on Susan's skin sent waves of excitement through her. Marcia ran a fingertip down Susan's slit causing her to groan with pleasure as Marcia's fingers honed in on Susan's engorged clit.
