 The response to this story was overwhelming and almost everyone who commented or sent feedback encouraged me to write the next chapter. For those of you who were offended by this story please remember that it is fiction. For those of you, who liked the story, enjoy Chapter 2. I have taken into account some of your suggestions about story line, chapter length and organization. I will try to incorporate those suggestions into the story. In this chapter we will wrap up the weekend and head into the soccer season.

TRUDY HAS UNEXPECTED FUN WITH THE TWINS

Trudy was actually put out when her mother called and told her that she would not be home but that the twins Gretchen and Erica would be coming over to stay with her. Trudy would have preferred to be alone that night as she was really into the lesbian video. Trudy had never seen such explicit sex acts before and the movie really turned her on. She would have been very content to watch the movie and play with her pussy but now she had to accommodate her classmates. Trudy heard the doorbell ring and she quickly turned off the TV and hid the video. She put her sleep bottoms back on and went to answer the door.

Gretchen and Erica had packed their overnight bags and threw in a couple of toys just in case things got interesting with Trudy. The twins had full intentions of seducing Trudy if they could but they had agreed not to push the issue if she panicked. Trudy opened the front door, greeted them and let them in the house. Trudy showed the girls the guest room where they would be staying. Gretchen suggested that she and her sister change into their sleepwear since Trudy already had hers on. They quickly changed in the guest room and then returned to the family room.

Gretchen had brought a bottle of wine with her so Trudy got the glasses and the three of them sat together in the family room sipping wine and talking. Trudy liked the two girls and found herself very relaxed in their company. As the evening went on Trudy got another bottle of wine and they continued chatting and drinking. Gretchen and Erica tactfully steered the conversation toward sex and the three of them told stories and giggled. Trudy looked over and noticed that Erica was rubbing her pussy. She had her sleepwear bottoms pulled to the side and she was running her finger over her vulva.

"Erica what are you doing?" gasped Trudy.

"I'm rubbing my pussy silly. All this talk about sex has gotten me horny," Erica replied as she worked her fingers into her wet snatch.

"Don't you rub yourself when you get horny?" Gretchen asked Trudy.

"No, well sometimes but only when I am alone," Trudy shyly admitted.

"It's more fun when it's with more people. Gretchen and I do it together all the time. Show her Gretchen," Erica said.

Before Trudy could protest further Gretchen had pulled her bottoms to the side and began fingering her cute blonde pussy. Trudy sat there in shock as the two girls openly masturbated in front of her. Trudy felt her own pussy heat up and her thoughts briefly returned to the lesbian movie she had been watching. She then pictured Gretchen and Erica as the two blondes in the movie and she wondered if the twins did those things to each other. 

"Come on Trudy join us you know that you want to. I can already see a wet spot in your bottoms," Erica encouraged her classmate.

Trudy looked at her pajama bottoms and indeed there was a wet spot in her crotch. Trudy turned beet red with embarrassment. Trudy hesitated a little too long which caused Gretchen to move over to the sofa and sit next to her. Gretchen smiled at the weary teenager and placed her hand on Trudy's hand.

"Here I'll show you," Gretchen said as she moved Trudy's hand toward her panty covered pussy.

Gretchen then used her other hand to pull Trudy's panty to the side baring the brunette's pubic area with its little tuft of brown hair. Trudy as if in a trance allowed her hand to be moved to her vulva and she gasped audibly when her hand touched her mound. Trudy's hand was frozen to the spot and she did not move it as she instead tried to cover her bared pussy.

"Don't be so shy. Here I'll do it for you," Gretchen said as she removed Trudy's hand and covered the bared pussy with her own.

Trudy gasped, "Please don't," but she was beyond any point of return.

Gretchen began to stroke Trudy's outer pussy lips eventually separating them and working her fingers into the girl's wet pussy and penetrating her inner lips as well. Trudy gasped loudly as Gretchen's fingers slid deep into her pussy. Gretchen then located the brunette's clit and Trudy's body jumped when Gretchen thumbed the hard little pearl.

"Oh God, oh, oh, please Gretchen we shouldn't be doing this," Trudy said but as she did she looked right at Gretchen's exposed blonde pussy.

"Would you like to touch me too? I know you would I can see it in your eyes," Gretchen said seductively.

Gretchen then took Trudy's hand and placed it on her pussy. She encouraged Trudy to do the same things to her that she was doing to Trudy. Trudy allowed her hand to massage the warm wet pussy of her classmate and then she stuck her fingers in Gretchen's vagina.

"Ah that's it Trudy, just do what feels good, what feels natural," Gretchen coached her.

Trudy was overcome with lust and she felt she was very close to an orgasm. She was surprised when Erica moved over and knelt between her legs. Erica hooked her fingers in the waistband of Trudy's bottoms and slowly pulled them down her hips and legs. Erica removed the panty and pushed Trudy's legs apart and stared right at the girl's quim. Trudy didn't know what Erica was going to do but she wondered if she was gong to put her mouth on her pussy just as she had seen in the video. Erica licked Trudy's inner thighs and worked her tongue toward the forbidden fruit. Trudy sighed, moaned and groaned as Erica closed in on her treasure. When Erica's tongue finally touched her clit Trudy almost came on the spot. Trudy's body leaped with excitement as her pussy gushed forth with a mild orgasm. Erica then fastened her mouth to Trudy's pussy and devoured her clit as she drove her toward a mind blowing orgasm.

Gretchen pulled Trudy's sleep top off her body and exposed her medium sized firm tits. Trudy was way beyond protesting anything at this point and she just moaned loudly when Gretchen covered her tits with her mouth. Gretchen sucked on Trudy's tits and nibbled on her hard nipples as her sister performed her magic on Trudy's cunt. Trudy's fingers were involuntarily plunging in and out of Gretchen's pussy. Trudy felt her orgasm approaching then her body stiffened as she screamed with delight as wave after wave rocked her body. Trudy was gyrating out of control as the massive orgasm took over her body. She had never cum like this before and it was frightening to her as well as incredibly erotic. Erica's mouth never left Trudy's bucking pussy as she gobbled up every bit of female nectar that gushed into her mouth.

Finally Trudy calmed as the storm left her body. Erica moved up along side her and kissed her deeply plunging her tongue into Trudy's mouth. Trudy realized that she could taste herself on Erica's lips and she returned the kiss and searched out Erica's tongue with her own. Then Gretchen moved Trudy's hand up to Trudy's mouth so that she could taste the fingers that had been in Gretchen's pussy. Trudy noticed they tasted different but at the same time similar. Trudy then threw her head back and collapsed on the sofa.

The next thing she felt was Erica and Gretchen kissing her on the side of her face. They ran their lips up and down the side of Trudy's face and tongued her ears emitting a groan from her. Trudy felt their hands move and cup her bare breasts and then tweak her erect nipples. Trudy then felt herself losing it once again giving in to her new found insatiable desires. Gretchen kissed her full on the lips and shoved her tongue into Trudy's mouth searching for Trudy's tongue. Trudy opened her mouth willingly and the tongues danced with each other as Erica moved her mouth down to Trudy's breasts.

Erica then kissed Trudy as Gretchen had and then Gretchen sucked on Trudy's tits and nipples. Trudy was moaning and groaning and her hips began to undulate again of their own free will. Erica sucked on one of Trudy's tits as Gretchen sucked on the other. Trudy's body was gyrating of its own accord.

"Doesn't she have just the greatest nubs," said Gretchen referring to Trudy's now eraser hard nipples, "You want us to love you some more don't you Trudy? I can see by the way your body moves that you want more. Do you?"

Excited beyond her control Trudy just nodded her head. Erica kissed Trudy again plunging her tongue into her mouth. Gretchen stood up and removed her sleepwear. Trudy saw the pretty blonde naked for the first time and then she watched as Erica stood and removed her clothes. The two beautiful girls were clearly twins and Trudy felt her body heat up just from looking at them.

"Come Trudy let's go to your bedroom we have so much more to teach you," Gretchen said holding out her hand for Trudy.

Trudy took the blonde's hand and she led the sisters to her bedroom. Erica made a detour and picked up one of the overnight bags which included their sex toys. Erica re-entered Trudy's room and dumped the bag on the bed. Trudy stared in complete awe of the collection of dildos, beads, and toys. She had never seen anything like them before.

The twins had Trudy lay on her back on her own bed and Erica climbed up on her and straddled her body. Gretchen took one of the strap-on dildos and put it on. Trudy was fascinated as she watched Gretchen slip into the harness and then attach the rubber cock to it. Gretchen looked bizarre with a cock but she looked beautiful as well with her shapely figure. Erica moved toward Trudy's face and began to lower her blond pussy toward Trudy's mouth. 

Trudy panicked and in a less than convincing protest said to Erica, "I have never done that, please don't make me do it."

"Don't be silly it's about time you learned to eat pussy. Just do what I did to you," Erica directed.

"Trudy if you are half as good eating pussy as you are at French kissing, Erica is going to be very pleased," encouraged Gretchen.

Trudy leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. She wasn't sure exactly how to do it so she just sort of pretended she was licking the ice cream off of a cone. Trudy took one, slow lick as she flattened her tongue on Erica's hot mound and it felt so smooth and warm. Trudy achieved the desired effect and from the moan she knew that Erica enjoyed it. To Trudy's surprise she enjoyed the taste of Erica and she kept licking and eating her. Trudy pointed her tongue and burrowed into Erica's pussy. Trudy parted Erica's labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of female nectar. Soon Trudy was like a puppy at a saucer of milk, licking and lapping up as much as she could as fast as she could.

Erica was obviously enjoying what Trudy was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Trudy's tongue to explore her pussy. Trudy's tongue explored all of Erica and she took mental notes of what seemed to turn Erica on. Erica was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Trudy got near her hard pearl. As Trudy searched out Erica's hard clit still just barely hidden in her tender hood Erica tensed and began to quiver. After Trudy felt like she had teased Erica's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Erica's reaction when Trudy's tongue finally touched that pearl just as Erica had done to her earlier.

As she worked on Erica's clit Gretchen got between Trudy's legs and lined the large fake cock up with her pussy. Trudy had fucked a couple of times but she had never taken a cock as large as the dildo and she was slightly apprehensive. Gretchen was gentle however and eased the fake phallus into Trudy's wet warm pussy. Trudy gasped aloud but her cries were muffled by Erica's pussy. Gretchen started slowly moving her hips and then picked up the pace as the back end of the dildo rubbed against her engorged clit. Trudy's orgasm was building from the pounding of Gretchen's cock into her pussy. Like an animal out of control Gretchen's hip movements continued to rapidly move the fake rigid cock in and out of Trudy's wetness causing her to cry out again into Erica's pussy. Trudy's legs spread further for Gretchen and the insistent dildo with both their vigorous efforts to cum again. Trudy's scream was muffled in Erica's pussy as another orgasm gushed forth from her. Gretchen thrust her fake dick deeply into Trudy and her pussy pulsated in a long deep climax as it filled Trudy's wet vagina with its thickness. Trudy's womb flooded and co-mingled with Gretchen's female juices. 

As Trudy started to recover she turned her attention back to Erica. Trudy burrowed her tongue as deep into Erica as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Trudy got to Erica's pearl she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Trudy was truly amazed at the size of Erica's engorged clit. She flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Erica was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. Trudy nuzzled it with her nose taking in Erica's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Erica went wild and started bucking and calling out Trudy's name. Erica let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Trudy's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Trudy sucked her clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Erica humped her face for all she was worth. Trudy was excited that she was able to get Erica that excited and she sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with her lips, tongue and teeth. Trudy didn't know exactly how many times Erica came but finally she rolled off of Trudy and collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms.

The three girls rested from their intense orgasms and cuddled together. Erica and Gretchen caressed Trudy's body as Trudy thought about what she had just done. Trudy loved every moment of her new experience and what she had done with the twins was beyond her wildest imagination even beyond what she saw in the video. Erica moved off the bed and then she donned the harness and snapped in the dildo. Gretchen positioned her pussy over Trudy's mouth and Erica slid the fake cock into Trudy's hot pussy. It was a repeat performance as the three high school beauties brought pleasure to each other and experienced another round of earth shaking climaxes. Later the three girls lay next to each other totally drained and they eventually dozed off into a deep sleep.

SUNDAY MORINING AND GLORIUS WAKEUP CALLS FOR ALL

Marcia awoke from a wonderful dream. She was dreaming that someone was between her legs licking her pussy. When she opened her eyes she was happy to see that it was her new lover Lauren between her spread thighs. Lauren's wonderful tongue was slipping up and down Marcia's wet pussy. Marcia started to moan with desire as Lauren made passionate love to her.

"I couldn't resist now just lay back and enjoy your wake up call," Lauren whispered.

Marcia reached down and stroked Lauren's soft lovely hair. She was still confused but it felt so good that she allowed Lauren to continue. Lauren's long brown hair concealed her face and Marcia moved it aside so she could watch. Lauren's fingers moved to Marcia's pussy and spread her lips open. Marcia cried out as Lauren touched her pussy with her spread tongue. Lauren licked up and down slowly. Marcia had never felt anything like it and she wondered for a moment why she had never imagined this before. 

A wonderful slippery tongue, slid up and down Marcia's spread pussy as Lauren slid her tongue into her core. Marcia moaned aloud as Lauren's tongue slid in and probed. Marcia wondered what her pussy juice tasted like to her as she had tasted it experimentally many times. Lauren moved her fingers upward and pulled outward and upward as her tongue flicked against Marcia's now exposed clit causing her to cry out in passion. It sent a jolt of joy through Marcia's whole body.

What Lauren did to her for the next eternity was something Marcia never dreamed could happen to her. Marcia's body exploded again and again. Lauren's tongue flicked her clit and her lips sucked and pulled on the nubbin, sending uncontrolled joy and passion through the teenager over and over. Marcia didn't know how many times she came but she knew this weekend was an experience she would never forget. Finally Marcia could stand it no more and pushed Lauren away before she could start again. Marcia lay weak as a kitten and she gradually fell back asleep only to be later awakened by Lauren's gentle shaking. 

"Marcia you have to get up now. Anna will be here soon and I don't want her to know about you, at least not today," Lauren told her.

Marcia sat up and the two girls embraced and kissed briefly. Marcia then headed to the shower. She then got dressed had a quick bite to eat and then said goodbye to Lauren. The girls kissed deeply again and then Marcia left. As Marcia headed home she reflected on the entire weekend with Lauren. She had never been loved so passionately and she had never orgasmed with such intensity as she had this past weekend. Marcia tried to picture the Amazon Anna with the petite Lauren and pangs of jealousy ran through her body. Marcia tried to put the image of Anna and Lauren out of her mind. As Marcia reminisced about her weekend she had no idea that her mother had also come out and that she had had her own remarkable lesbian experience.

Marcia's mother Carol woke up between the two hot bodies of the soccer coaches. She was suddenly aware of Janet again as she started to kiss down Carol's neck and collarbone. Janet bit Carol gently as her mouth trailed hot kisses down toward her breasts. Janet's mouth moved swiftly to Carol's nipples, kissing them gently at first and then she grinned as they stiffened to her touch. Next Janet took one nipple in her mouth and swirled her tongue around it while she rolled the other nipple between her gentle fingers. Janet sucked on it hard and Carol was amazed at how stiff it got under her touch and gentle bites. Carol moaned noisily as Janet continued licking, sucking, nibbling and pinching her swollen nipples. Janet started to rub her own clit and then she stuck two fingers into her slippery pussy. Janet then took her pussy moistened fingers and traced them along Carol's lips before she plunged them into her mouth, making Carol taste the sticky sweetness. 

Janet's fake cock brushed against Carol's thigh and Carol then realized that Janet had donned the strap-on again. Carol then turned to Janet and moved her legs astride Janet's lap. Carol straddled her now and stared deeply into Janet's eyes as she lowered herself onto the rubber cock. Waves of pleasure washed through Carol as she slowly impaled herself onto Janet's thick rubber strap-on. Grinding down onto cock Carol enjoyed every little rib and notch on it as it stretched her pussy. Carol moaned deeply as she reveled in the sensations in her cunt. She and Janet kissed each other again hungrily.

Suddenly the focus of Carol's attention switched as she become aware of Maria moving behind her. Maria turned Carol's head to the side and started kissing her mouth wantonly. Maria licked and nibbled Carol's lips before she forced her tongue deep into Carol's mouth. Maria's tongue was thick and long and invaded Carol's mouth frantically as if Maria was fucking her with it. Their tongues interlocked as Maria swirled her tongue round Carol's mouth. Maria pressed her body against Carol and Carol felt Maria's firm round breasts press into her back. Maria reached around Carol and started to fondle her breasts and rolled her swollen nipples gently between her delicate fingers. As Maria fondled her breasts Carol returned her attention to Janet and kissed her hungrily as she thrust down on the thick strap-on. Their tongues explored each other's mouths again.
