 INTRODUCTION

This chapter covers part of the soccer season for the Ridgeway Lady Cougars. The team does well in fact better than ever expected. The mothers and daughters get closer and a very strong bond develops between Janet and Maria. Two more soccer players discover themselves during the season. 

*

AN ACTIVE AND EROTIC SATURDAY

The Lady Cougars had won six consecutive conference games before suffering a tough 2-1 loss to St. Mary's in a non-conference game. St. Mary's was undefeated and currently the number three ranked team in the state. Ridgeway had handled their conference opponents including an impressive 3-0 win over Glenbrook who had only lost to Lincoln South up to then. A couple of the games were so lopsided that Maria was able to play her non-starters for most of the game giving them more and more game experience. Ridgeway was 6-0, Lincoln South 5-1 and Glenbrook 4-2 in the conference standings. The second half of the season would be very tough for Ridgeway as every team particularly Lincoln South would be gunning for them.

On Saturday morning and the team and the players, coaches and mothers were relaxing in their homes following a Friday night victory over Westfield. The Lady Cougars easily defeated Westfield 6-0 and once again many of the non-starters played much of the game. The newspaper reported on the team's progress and turnaround from last year and it was already pointing to the season's big game the rematch between Ridgeway and Lincoln South. A new rivalry in the conference had formed between the perennial power and the upstart Cougars. 

This particular Saturday Stephie Kesler and her two daughters were on their way home from shopping at the mall. Vicki and her daughter Wendy had joined the Keslers and were in the same car as they drove back from the mall. Vicki heard a groan come from the back seat and then another one. When she turned around she saw that Wendy, who was seated between the twins, had her blouse and bra pushed up over her breasts, her skirt was bunched at the waist and her panties were pushed down around her ankles. Erica and Gretchen were kissing Wendy's tits as they fingered her pussy. Wendy was groaning in pleasure from the attention the twins paid to her body.

Stephie looked in the mirror and smiled at her twin daughters then she looked to Vicki and said, "Vicki why don't you slip off your panties and slide closer to me."

Vicki blushed at the request but did as she was asked. She took off her panties and slid as far over in the seat as she could. Stephie drove with one hand and never took her eyes off the road as she fingered Vicki's pussy with her right hand. Vicki gasped as her pussy was played with and her clit was located. Vicki thought she would cum any second when Stephie removed her fingers and spoke again.

"Here we are. Tidy yourselves up girls and let's take this inside," Stephie directed as she pulled into her driveway.

The five of them went into the Kesler's home and within minutes everyone was naked in the family room. Vicki knew that she and her daughter Wendy were in for another erotic night at the hands of Stephie and her two daughters Erica and Gretchen. While these two families began their sexual journey another two players had also just returned from a day of shopping. 

Amanda and Christy, the Ridgeway soccer team's halfbacks, had spent the day at the mall and they had since returned to Amanda's house. Having the house all to themselves Amanda decided to make her move on Christy. Amanda had long desired Christy but up to now had never approached her teammate. It started with a kiss and Christy surprised Amanda by accepting the kiss. Amanda pushed it further and plunged her tongue into Christy's mouth taking her breath away. Christy at first stiffened in Amanda's arms but then relaxed and kissed Amanda back. Their tongues intertwined and Christy panted as her emotions got the best of her. Christy had never made it with a girl or a guy but she liked and trusted Amanda. At that moment Christy decided to go as far as Amanda would take her. 

Amanda started to disrobe the pretty brunette teenager and quickly had her down to her bra and panties. Christy was built very similar to Amanda and their bodies almost matched the biggest difference being their hair color. Amanda unhooked Christy's bra and slowly slid the straps down her arms. Christy felt a shiver go through her body and her skin was covered with goose bumps.

Amanda dropped to her knees and hooked her fingers in the waistband of Christy's panties. Amanda slowly peeled the panties down and off of Christy's body revealing a neatly trimmed pussy with a little brown tuft of hair. Christy lifted her legs one at a time as Amanda removed her panties. Christy stood like a zombie as Amanda looked directly at her teammate's snatch. Amanda touched Christy's quim lightly with one finger and it was like an electric shock going through Christy's body. Christy's body leaped involuntarily. Amanda stood up and looked into her friend's eyes and whispered to her.

"Your pussy is very wet. Have you ever been with another girl?" Amanda asked sexily.

Christy just shook her head unsure of what was next to come. Christy was struggling with her own desire and fear. Should she run out of the room or should she let the beautiful Amanda have her way with her? Amanda didn't wait for a verbal answer from Christy and just took her silence as permission to continue the seduction. Amanda quickly took off her own clothes and embraced Christy holding her close so that their tits mashed against each others. Christy could feel Amanda's hard nipples pressing into her own and her pussy was on fire. 

A gasp came from Christy, and she tried to pull away. Moving in closer and pressing her against the wall Amanda brushed her lips against Christy's hungering for a taste of her sweet mouth. Christy gave in and submitted to Amanda parting her lips following Amanda's lead. As Amanda's tongue tasted Christy's mouth again she shuddered with pleasure and delight. She heard Christy moan against her and felt the hot breath exhale into her waiting mouth.

Christy's tongue began to explore Amanda's lips, the soft tip running over her and tentatively moving inside her. Amanda opened wider, allowing the young girl's tongue to trace the ridges on the roof of her mouth. Amanda felt the place between her legs grow hot, and she softly rubbed herself against the girl in her arms, thrusting her hips against her teammate and rubbing her pussy against Christy's leg. Amanda's clit seemed to scream out with frustration, the soft skin of the young girl teasing the flesh around it. Amanda moaned against Christy's lips, completely forgetting all her senses except for the arousal flooding her and the feel of Christy's lips against hers.

Every part of Amanda's body ached for Christy as she held her closer. Amanda caressed the flat of Christy's stomach running the tips of her fingers over her abs. Amanda's fingers grew bolder as she traced the curve of Christy's waist up to the small curve of her bosom. Amanda ran her hand around Christy's small firm breast and toyed with the semi-erect nipple. Pressing slightly harder Amanda teased the nipple, running her thumb around Christy's aureole. Christy's tiny nubs grew larger and poked out more obviously and she let out a soft moan.

Christy's eyes were shut with her lips slightly parted and Amanda could see her chest heave with each heavy breath she took. Amanda ran her fingers around in circles as she traced down Christy's body again. Christy moaned softly and thrust her breasts upwards as her legs were slowly inched apart. Christy allowed Amanda better access to her body without even being aware of it. Christy's hips thrust upwards in very slight movements and Amanda smiled because she knew that Christy now wanted what she wanted. 

Heat seemed to radiate from between Christy's thighs and Amanda could feel the warmth as her hand got closer and closer to Christy's pussy. After what seemed like an eternity of stroking her thigh Amanda's hand got close enough to touch Christy's little brown tuft of hair guarding her pussy. With the tip of her first finger Amanda traced the shape of Christy's pussy between her legs and ran her finger up from Christy's ass to her clit. Christy gasped and thrust towards Amanda again, her hips grinding against Amanda's hand.

Amanda pushed Christy lightly and lowered her to the bed. Stroking her own pussy lightly Amanda looked down at Christy's beautiful body. Christy was writhing in small movements of pleasure, her breasts and hard nipples were standing straight out; her arms were at her sides with clenched fists and her legs squirmed looking for more. Amanda at that moment wanted more than anything to hold Christy in her arms, to caress her bare body, to taste her, to stroke her, to fuck her. 

Slowly Amanda sank to her knees and put Christy's pussy level with her eyes. Amanda licked her lips and reached for Christy's legs. Christy bucked forward, her hips pushing her fragrant crotch closer to Amanda's face. The sweet scent of Christy's pussy filled Amanda's nostrils and she licked her lips once again, trying to hold off contact with Christy's pussy which was now right in front of her face. 

Amanda traced Christy's thighs with the tips of her fingers along Christy's silky smooth youthful skin. Christy lifted upwards towards Amanda's face moaning softly as she was as anxious for Amanda to taste her as Amanda was.

Swiftly but gently Amanda kissed Christy's exposed pussy lips peeking out from underneath her tuft of brown hair. Christy whimpered softly and thrust upwards again toward Amanda's mouth. Amanda moved her mouth away from Christy's hot body teasing her and letting her eyes take in the beautiful form squirming on the bed before her. Amanda smiled to herself as she knew that she had Christy exactly where she wanted. 

The bed moved slightly as Christy squirmed causing the bed covers to shift. Christy's hips writhed ever so slightly as she covered her own tits with her hands and she cried softly under her breath. Christy's eyes opened and her lips parted and she moaned audibly as she made eye contact with Amanda. Lowering her head Amanda once again turned her attention to Christy's fragrant quivering pussy.

"Oh, Amanda," Christy moaned. 

Amanda placed her hands on Christy's knees and slowly peeled her thighs apart. The slick wetness from Christy's slit made a slushy noise as her pussy opened in front of Amanda's face. Amanda pushed her knees even further apart and licked her lips.

"I have wanted this from the first time I saw you Christy," Amanda whispered softly.

Amanda eagerly put her mouth against Christy's pussy allowing her lips to brush against it and causing Christy to moan again. Slowly Amanda snaked her tongue out of her mouth and rubbed it against Christy's hard clit. With the tip of her tongue Amanda teased the nub, flicking it softly as she listened to Christy's cries of pleasure. Carefully Amanda moved her tongue down tracing the outline of Christy's slit, running her tongue along the lips and into the sopping skin between them. 

Christy's slick skin seemed to seep even more as Amanda lapped at it running her tongue along the length of Christy's slit and back up again. The taste of Christy was intoxicating and Amanda covered her snatch with her whole mouth. Amanda opened her mouth wider and pushed her tongue inside Christy's slit. Amanda flicked at the inside of the teenagers pussy and darted out again and ran her mouth up towards Christy's clit again.

Flicking her tongue rapidly Amanda brought Christy's clit to an erection that made her cry out with pleasure. Christy moaned as Amanda ran the length of her tongue over the hard nub. Amanda moved back and stretched for a moment. Christy's whimpers filled the room and she strained thrusting towards Amanda's mouth with a yearning desire for more. Christy's slit shimmered with her juices and Amanda leaned forward to lick her some more.

Amanda wrapped her lips around Christy's clit and sucked it hard. Christy cried out in ecstasy and thrust her hips toward Amanda's face. Amanda moved her hand up the teenager's leg and stroked the smooth skin with her fingertips until her hand met Christy's pussy. Amanda slid her first finger and then added her middle finger into the slick folds of Christy's cunt. Amanda wiggled her fingers around inside Christy as she sucked on her hard throbbing clit.

Christy cried out and tightened her pussy around Amanda's hand squeezing the fingers. Amanda continued working her fingers in and out of Christy's pussy and sucked her clit even harder than before flicking Christy's clit with her tongue and tickling the tiny tip of the erect nub while she sucked on it. 

"Oh please, oh Amanda please!" Christy cried. 

Christy's hips humped Amanda's hand as she pumped her fingers in and out of the teenager's pussy. Christy's fragrant skin ground against Amanda's face and her hips twisted and gyrated as she writhed on the bed under Amanda's manipulations.

Christy's breathing became heavier and her chest was rising and falling dramatically. Still sucking hard and pushing her fingers in and out Amanda smiled to herself knowing that Christy's climax was approaching fast. Christy's gyrations became more frantic, wilder, and animalistic as she panted and lost control of her body. Christy's hands grabbed fistfuls of Amanda's blond hair and she shrieked piercingly as her pussy began to spasm around Amanda's fingers. 

With her fingers inside Christy's pussy Amanda ceased pumping and wriggled them around inside Christy's soft flesh. Christy came in Amanda's mouth. Christy's clit seemed to grow larger as her hips pushed upwards and the juice flowed and covered Amanda's face. Amanda inhaled her scent deeply and she groaned against Christy and sucked hard and long at her pussy until her teammate began to relax. 

Christy's hips fell back down on the bed and Amanda released her clit. Amanda slid her fingers out of Christy's wet slit and gently planted kisses on her thighs. Softly Amanda lapped at the girl's juices and licked her clean of her orgasm as Christy whimpered and shivered underneath Amanda's expert tongue. Kissing her cooling thighs once more Amanda slid up on the bed and laid next to the drained Christy on the mattress.

Christy lay silently for a few minutes with her lips parted as she breathed shallowly through her mouth while her body lay limp next to Amanda. As Amanda watched her and admired her soft features Christy recovered from her orgasm and slowly opened her eyes and smiled at Amanda. Looking into her eyes Amanda smiled back at her and Christy blushed slightly her cheeks turning pink as Amanda looked into her face.

"You have an incredible body, Christy and you are very sensual," Amanda whispered in her sultry tone.

"You have to believe me I've never done anything like that," Christy whispered back, her soft voice barely audible and then she added, "I have never cum like that in my life it was incredible."

Christy's nipples were standing half erect and her chest was still heaving with each deep breath she took. Amanda heard the girl's excitement escape softly through her lips as she slid her wet fingers over the teenager's breasts and tickled the tiny nipples with the tips of her fingers. Christy gasped audibly as Amanda flicked the nipples as they grew wrinkled and hard underneath her touch. Christy groaned again and pushed her breasts up into Amanda's hand. Sensing the girl's desire Amanda lowered her mouth down to one of the nipples and nipped it lightly with her teeth. Christy cried out and held Amanda firmly to her breast.

Christy's hands reached up and wrapped around Amanda's bare breasts and her nipples puckered as Christy watched them come to life. With a small bit of pressure Christy pulled Amanda's chest down toward her own. Amanda lifted a leg over Christy's body and straddled her waist. Bending down Amanda's breasts brushed against Christy's and Amanda's nipples felt jolts of fire through her body as they rubbed against teenagers. Their faces moved towards each others and their lips sought each other meeting in a kiss of pure passion.

Christy reached up and held Amanda's head with her hand as her fingers ran through the blonde's hair and their lips probed each other. Christy breathed deeply as she smelt and tasted herself for the first time, her juices still fresh on her lover's lips. Christy opened her mouth hungrily and Amanda quickly parted her lips and allowing the girl's tongue to enter her mouth which she began to explore.

A moan escaped Christy and Amanda felt her tremble yet again. Amanda felt the girl's hands move down the length of her body and caress her skin. Gently she guided Amanda's body up so that her mouth could find Amanda's breasts. She gasped as Christy's lips locked around one of her nipples and sucked deeply emulating what Amanda had done to her earlier. Her hands cupped the cheeks of Amanda's shapely ass and her youthful fingers softly massaged Amanda's hot skin as she sucked long on Amanda's nipple. Christy would leave one nipple wet and chilled by the air as she moved to the opposite one and sucked again driving Amanda wild.

Throwing her head back Amanda opened her mouth as if to moan but no sound came out. Christy continued to play with Amanda's breasts as her teeth scraped against the nipples and pinched them while her hands still dug into Amanda's firm ass. Amanda reached up and grabbed onto the headboard of the bed to support her body as she pushed her chest closer to Christy's face. Christy grunted around Amanda's breast and she sucked even more into her mouth. Christy not only sucked on the nipple but on the whole area around it as if she were trying to devour Amanda with the same hunger that Amanda had for the girl's pussy earlier.

Amanda's cunt was dripping wet and she could feel her juices flowing down her thighs as she ground her hips against the teenager. The fire in Amanda's nipples spread through her chest and belly to her pussy and ignited so much passion inside her body she felt as if she may explode at any minute. Still holding tightly to the headboard Amanda moved her hips up Christy's body so that she could place her pussy in front of the girl's mouth. Christy reluctantly released her mouth hold on Amanda's tits as the blonde moved her pussy into place. 

With a moan of pleasure Christy stretched and kissed Amanda's pussy. Her warm lips made the blonde shiver as they caressed her lips and one of her hands caressed Amanda's ass. As she breathed on Amanda's pussy the girl's warm breath made her tingle. Amanda moaned out loud unable to control her own gyrations as Christy moved closer and closer to her pussy. 

At the first touch of her tongue Amanda nearly jumped out of her skin. Amanda had experienced this before but there was something very special and very erotic with this beautiful teenager. She moaned loudly again as Christy's tongue timidly lapped at her cunt. Christy shifted underneath her for a better grip on Amanda's ass, and the hot tongue snaked out again and the girl's hands tightened on Amanda's ass bringing her pussy closer to her face as she licked Amanda's juices. 

Amanda moved her hips, gyrated, thrust, and whimpered as Christy began to lick her more insistently copying everything that Amanda had done to her. The teenager's lips parted and she sucked on Amanda's skin, taking parts of her into her mouth, sucking softly and then diving back inside Amanda's pussy with her tongue. Christy was inexperienced but she was a quick learner and was doing well. Amanda cried out as Christy's lips found her clit.

With just the slightest brushes of Christy's tongue and lips against her sensitive clit Amanda felt her body go into convulsions. She felt the juices flow out of her body and she cried out as her buttocks tensed in Christy's hands and she drove my pussy into her eager young girl's face. The orgasm rocked Amanda's body as her pussy pulsed and her muscles tensed and she came gushing onto Christy's face.
