 Final Chapter

INTRODUCTION

This is the final chapter. As I wrote this series I tried to incorporate most of the suggestions I received from readers. I hope most of you enjoyed it and although I did receive some negative public comments the e-mails were very supportive. Thanks for your feedback.

A BUSY SATURDAY AFTERNOON

Saturday afternoon Amanda and Christy arrived at the Kesler's house as agreed. They were surprised to see the twin's mother at home and at first they just assumed that she was on her way out. However Stephie politely excused herself and retired to her own room as the girls headed for the twins room. Once they were in the bedroom Gretchen instructed the two pretty girls to undress each other slowly and to fold each piece of clothing neatly and place it on the chair.

Amanda and Christy assumed they had no choice but to follow the twin's instructions in order to win their trust and silence. Amanda undressed Christy with painstaking slowness and she had Christy's pussy throbbing in anticipation. Gretchen and Erica watched intently as Amanda removed every article of Christy's clothes until the girl was standing in the room naked. Then Christy undressed Amanda and she soon had her friend as naked as her. They stood together admiring each other's naked beauty in the presence of their teammates. Gretchen instructed the girl's to embrace and caress each other's body. 

The two pretty teenagers stepped close to one another and wrapped their arms around the other's body. They French kissed each other deeply as their tongues danced around in the other's mouth. The small breasts pressed against each other's as their hands caressed their backs and worked their way down to their shapely asses. The girls ground their pubic mounds together as they cupped each other's ass cheeks moaning in each other's mouth. The two girls were a picture of erotica as they held, kissed and caressed one another. They looked like two nymphets embracing in their natural wonder.

Gretchen told Amanda that she should begin her descent on Christy and work her way down to her girl friend's pussy. Amanda broke her kiss with Christy and then slowly trailed her tongue and lips down Christy's body. Amanda took her time and sucked on Christy's tits and taut nipples for quite some time before moving to her tummy. Amanda tickled Christy's belly button with her tongue and licked all around the sensitive area. Amanda finally reached Christy's pussy and she found it to be dripping wet as she ran her tongue over the moist vagina. Christy gasped out loud and grabbed Amanda's head for support as the tongue danced over her hot twat. Amanda did as she had learned just in the past week and worked her magic on Christy's pussy. Christy was moaning and pressing her quim into Amanda's face as she experienced a string of orgasms.

"I have got to get my clothes off this is making me way too hot," Erica sighed and then quickly stripped.

Gretchen was also taken by the erotic scene before her and elected to disrobe as well. She and Erica sat back on the bedroom chair with their naked bodies touching as they watched their pretty teammates make love to one another. Without being told Christy repeated the action on her girlfriend and before long Amanda was writhing, moaning and cumming. The two teenagers then stood once again and kissed each other deeply tasting their juices mingled with each other's.

"Let's take this to my bed," Gretchen directed.

The two twins and two teenagers moved to Gretchen's bed and Gretchen had Amanda and Christy lay next to each other. Then Erica knelt between Amanda's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty teenage pussy. Gretchen did the same with Christy and the twins knelt side by side as they ate their classmate's pussies. It spite of the fact that they had just orgasmed, the pussy eating skills of Gretchen and Erica were just too much for the young girls. They were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as Gretchen and Erica worked over their young energetic pussies. The girls pushed their hips up toward trying to get the twins tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously the two teenagers screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Gretchen and Erica continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. As the girls calmed a little Gretchen and Erica kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs. The girls shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them.

Gretchen got off the bed and then returned with two strap-on dildos. Amanda and Christy had never seen anything like them before but found them to be awesome and imposing at the same time. Gretchen said that she would demonstrate how they were used and with that said she moved between Erica's legs and inserted the fake cock into her sister's pussy. Erica's pussy was so wet that the dildo slid right in to the base and then Gretchen proceeded to fuck her. Erica thrust her hips up to meet Gretchen's and the two of them fucked hard toward their first orgasm. The nub of the dildo rubbed against Gretchen's clit as the entire rod pummeled Erica's pussy.

The two teenagers stared with their mouths open as they had never witnessed anything like this in their life. The scene of their teammates fucking each other was an incredible turn on for the young girls as they watched the twin's tits slap together as Gretchen pounded Erica's pussy with the fake cock. Sub-consciously the two girls rubbed their own pussies as they watched the twins fuck themselves. Erica stiffened and screamed for Gretchen to hold her tight as she orgasmed for the first time. Gretchen held Erica tight but she continued to thrust into her sister's gushing pussy. Gretchen then had her own orgasm brought on by the nub of the dildo rubbing against her clit. Amanda and Christy were speechless as they had never witnessed anyone orgasm much less fuck each other. 

Gretchen told Amanda and Christy that she wanted them to fuck her and Erica with the fake cocks. Gretchen and Erica then helped the teenagers put on the strap-on dildo and harness. The two girls giggled as they looked at each other with their new found toys.

"You have a dick," Christy said blushingly.

"You do too," laughed Amanda as she reached over and stroked Christy's rubber cock.

Gretchen and Erica lay on their backs side by side and Gretchen urged the pretty girls to fuck them. Amanda moved between Erica's legs and Christy got between Gretchen's legs. The twins helped the girls guide the fake cocks into their pussies and began moving their hips up to meet the teenager's inexperienced thrusts. Amanda and Christy learned quickly and they soon had established a rhythm fucking the two sisters. The girls soon felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. It was so exciting for the young girls to be fucking the twins that they leaned over to suck on their tits. Gretchen and Erica in turn fondled their teammate's tits, tweaked their nipples and rolled them in their fingertips.

The entire room smelled of sex from the four dripping pussies. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as the four teenagers fucked hard and fast. Amanda and Christy were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. They learned how to work their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Gretchen and Erica were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Gretchen and Erica screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. They humped quickly and then collapsed back on the bed as their teammates plowed their pussies with the fake cocks.

Amanda and Christy removed the rubber dicks from the women's pussies and looked at the dildos glistening with Gretchen's and Erica's juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Amanda and Christy moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Gretchen and Erica watched them do this and marveled at their new lover's initiative. The two girls sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. After they licked the dildos dry of Gretchen's and Erica's cunt juice, the two teenagers sat up and blushed slightly as they realized what they had just done.

"Well you two girls are full of surprises," Gretchen said and then added, "But I have another one for you."

Gretchen retrieved a double headed dildo and handed it to the girls for their inspection. Amanda and Christy curiously handled the imposing dildo. They ran their hands up and down the big shaft and cupped the fake balls separating the two cock heads. Erica and Gretchen smiled at their teammates as they explored the impressive double dildo.

"Okay let me show you what is next," Gretchen told them.

Gretchen and Erica greased up their assholes as the girls watched. Then Gretchen and Erica lay on their sides facing one another and they worked the double dildo into their pussies. The two teenagers watched in awe as the entire shaft at each end disappeared into the twin's pussies.

"Now Christy and Amanda we want you to fuck us in the ass with your cocks," Gretchen directed.

The two young girls looked mortified. They couldn't believe Gretchen's request that she and Erica wanted these big rubber cocks in their ass. The girls wondered how they could take the dildos in their asses particularly when their pussies were stuffed with another rubber shaft.

"Come on girls it is okay, we have done this before," Gretchen said assuredly.

"Really we love it, just give it to us and fuck us hard," Erica added.

Tentatively the two girls got behind Gretchen and Erica and lay on their sides. They tenderly tried to push the fake cocks into the women's assholes but they had a hard time as they were afraid of injuring the women. Gretchen and Erica reached behind them and guided the dildos into their assholes and encouraged the girls to fuck them hard and quick. Amanda moved closer to Gretchen as the cock slid into her ass and Gretchen reached behind her and pulled Amanda by her buttocks tightly against her. Amanda's pubes pressed into Gretchen' ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Amanda could once again felt the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into Gretchen as she fucked her ass. Amanda reached around and slid her hand between Erica and Gretchen and cupped Gretchen's tits.

Almost the same scene was repeated between Christy and Erica and the two teenagers were now fucking their new lover's asses with the same enthusiasm as they had fucked their pussies earlier. The dildo nubs were doing their job as Amanda and Christy rapidly fucked the two shapely asses of Gretchen and Erica. Amanda was the first to cum and she shuddered and held Gretchen tightly as she screamed out loud in ecstasy. Christy was right behind her and she buried her head in Erica's shoulder to muffle her own screams as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. Gretchen and Erica went right on fucking each other with the double dildo until they too had mind shattering orgasms. The two twins held onto the cute shapely bottoms of the teenagers as they thrashed their hips together, shuddered, stiffened and coated the dildo with their female juices.

"Oh my God that was fantastic," cried Erica.

"Oh you girls are so incredibly sexy," Gretchen gasped.

The four of them lay still in the bed for awhile still coupled together with the fake cocks. Gretchen told the teenagers to move first and slowly pull out of her and Erica's ass. Amanda and Christy eased the strap-on cocks out of the twin's asses and looked at them in disbelief. It was still hard to imagine those big rubber cocks stuffed up Gretchen's and Erica's asses. Gretchen and Erica then moved apart and removed the double dildo from their pussies. Gretchen gathered up the fake cocks and took them to be washed thoroughly. As Gretchen washed the dildo's Erica lay on her back between the two teenagers. Christy and Amanda played with Erica tits as Erica diddled each girl's tight little pussy.

Gretchen returned to the bed and the four teenagers kissed and played with each other's body for several more minutes. Eventually Amanda and Christy got dressed and headed back to their homes. 

Stephie Kesler had been watching the entire erotic scene through the two way mirror. She had stood completely naked at the mirror and had fondled her tits and fingered herself through several mild orgasms. She was still extremely horny and after Amanda and Christy departed she summoned her daughters to tend to her needs. Gretchen and Erica put on the strap-on dildos and double fucked their mother until Stephie could not cum anymore and begged her daughters to stop fucking her.

As Stephie and her daughters lay in bed as they calmed down from the afternoon's intense sex sessions. 

"Well girls it looks like you were successful bringing some others into our little club," Stephie told her daughters.

"Oh mother and they were so delicious, so innocent until today and so inexperienced. They are both still virgins but they are horny little imps," Erica said.

"We will have to have you join us next time mother but I think that today you might have scared them off," Gretchen added.

"Yes I suppose you are right but I will look forward to tasting those little morsels," Stephie replied to her daughters. "Now who should we take shopping with us tomorrow," she then asked. 

"How about Marcia and her mother they are both pretty hot," Erica chimed in.

"I'll say they both love to fuck and take cocks in both their holes. We could have a lot of fun with them tomorrow," Gretchen added.

"Excellent choice my dears, I haven't had Marcia yet and you two haven't had her mother yet. Yes, we will change all that tomorrow," Stephie said with a wicked smile. "In fact I'll call her right now," she then added as she swung her legs out of bed.

Stephie walked naked over to her phone and Erica and Gretchen embraced as she made the call. After a brief conversation with Carol, Stephie hung up the phone and told her daughters that it was all set and that they would pick Carol and Marcia at 10:00 AM tomorrow morning. Stephie then climbed back in bed with her daughters and they all embraced one another.

At the other end Carol's pussy was already heating up in anticipation of getting together with the Keslers. She knew shopping was just a preliminary event to an afternoon of sex with the Kesler family. She couldn't wait to tell Marcia when she got home from Lauren's house. Carol did not know that at that very moment that her daughter Marcia was sandwiched between the petite body of Lauren and the Amazon figure of Anna. Marcia was being skewered with two strap-on dildos with Anna in her pussy and Lauren in her ass. The girls would spend most of the afternoon taking turns being in the middle and being double fucked.

While all this was going on Vicki and her daughter Wendy were shopping at the mall. Wendy ran off briefly to chat with some of her classmates and Vicki decided to stop in the boutique where Shirley worked. Shirley was happy to see Vicki and showed her some new outfits. The two women smiled at each other when Shirley asked Vicky if she would like to try on some of the clothes. The two of them entered the dressing room and within minutes Vicki was totally naked with Shirley kneeling between her thighs and licking her pussy. Vicki came quickly and then returned the favor. Shirley could not be caught naked in the store so she lifted her dress and pulled her panties to the side so that Vicki could eat her pussy. Shirley too came quickly and then tidied herself up.

Wendy had come into the boutique to find her mother. Vicki giggled and told her daughter what had just happened. Wendy got hot just thinking about her mother being naked in the dressing room getting her pussy licked. Vicki smiled at her and then steered her back into the dressing room and asked Shirley to join them. Shirley came in and locked the door as Wendy and her mother stripped off their clothes. Shirley was all over the pretty teenager as she started with the girl's breasts and kissed her way down to her pussy. Shirley licked Wendy's pussy and sucked on her clit as Vicki stood behind her daughter and fondled her tits.

Wendy went wild as Vicki played with her daughter's tits and pressed her own tits into her daughter's back. Shirley frantically licked the teenager's twat and then she inserted a wet finger into Wendy's asshole. Just the thought of this going on in a public place had the three of them in an erotic state and in didn't take long for Wendy to gush her nectar into Shirley's mouth. Shirley drank down every drop of the teenager's love potion and then stood and kissed both Wendy and Vicki. Shirley left the mother and daughter in the dressing room and returned to her shop duties.

Wendy and Vicki both dressed and then left the boutique. They hurried out of the mall and drove home as quickly as they could. Once in the house they both stripped off their clothes and settled in Vicki's bed for an afternoon of lesbian love.

SUNDAY BEFORE THE FINAL REGULAR SEASON GAMES

Maria and Janet had spent Saturday night in Janet's bed making passionate love as had been the case for many nights by now. This morning they woke up and made love in the shower, soaping each other's body, fingering each other's holes and finally eating each other's pussy. They finished their showers, threw on their terrycloth robes and had breakfast. Maria and Janet adjourn to the family room after breakfast with a pot of coffee and relaxed reading the Sunday paper. The sports section contained a small article about the upcoming game with Lincoln South and the importance of it to the Ridgeway soccer program.

"How are we going to play them this time Maria? You know they will be fired up," asked Janet.

"It really depends on the weather but it is supposed to be clear that day. I think our girls are just as good if not better then they are. I couldn't say that at the beginning of the season but I can now," Maria stated and then added, "I think we will attack them right from the start."

"Really!" exclaimed Janet in surprise.

"Yes they will be expecting us to play it conservative and play not to lose. So I say we put our quickest lineup on the field and go right after them," Maria replied confidently.

"You don't think that is too risky?" Janet questioned.

"Everything is risky but I believe we can catch them off guard. Also I believe it makes a statement to our team that we have confidence in them. No trickery this time we will just take it to them," Maria affirmed.

"I love it," cried Janet and then leaned over and kissed Maria.

"Careful you are liable to give me a hard-on," Maria quipped and they both laughed out loud.

"Speaking of a hard-on, I want you to take me back to bed and fuck my brains out," Janet squealed.

"It will be my pleasure you little tart," Maria replied as she slapped Janet on the ass as they made their way back to the bedroom.

They two beauties dropped their robes on the floor and got into bed. Janet retrieved the strap-on from her night stand and handed it to Maria. Maria slipped on the fake cock and then got between her lovers thighs and slipped it into her hot pussy. The two coaches took turns fucking each other the rest of the morning and professed their love for one another.

Across town the scene was a little different as Stephie Kesler drove her daughters along with Carol and Marcia back to her house. The five of them had decided to stop for some café lattes and then agreed to forgo the shopping trip. As they drove back to the Kesler's home Marcia was groaning in the back of the car and for good reason. She was seated between the twins and her sweater and bra were pushed up over her tits. Gretchen's mouth was sucking on one tit while Erica was sucking on the other. Also Marcia's skirt was bunched around her waist and her panties were on the floor of the car. Gretchen was fingering Marcia wet pussy while Erica had put a pussy moistened finger into Marcia's asshole. Marcia had managed to get her hands into the twin's panties and she stroked both their pussies as they worked her over.
