 My husband Norm and I have a great relationship. He is a gorgeous hunk of man, tan and muscular, with sexy brown eyes and dark hair. I am five feet eight and very exotic looking, with dark brown hair, green eyes and olive skin. I keep myself in great shape by working out five days a week.

Norm and I have been married for two years, and we love each other a lot. We have always been hot in the bedroom; we are very uninhibited when it comes to sex, and anything goes. He didn't even mind when I told him that I sometimes fantasized about being with another woman sexually. He just said that if that was what I wanted I should go for it, and I decided that some day I would.

About two years ago we went on vacation to Hawaii. On our first night there we decided to go out and see if we could find something fun to do. I was feeling extremely horny that night, and I felt ready for anything. I was dressed in a provocative manner, tight pants, a little tank top and high heels. You could see the outline of my body through my clothing, and I reveled in it.

We drove down along the coast of the beautiful island. The warm air made me feel even more sexual, and already I had a sense of hotness between my legs, an aching feeling, as though I was waiting to be touched. As we approached the outskirts of the city we passed a strip club, and I suddenly got very excited at the thought of going in there, and of watching a bunch of naked strippers writhing and dancing onstage. 

I turned to my husband. "Did you see that strip club back there?" I said. "Let's go back and check it out."

I could see the excitement in Norm's face when I said that. I think that in addition to his desire to see the strippers, he was also curious to see how I would react and what I would do. At the first opportunity he turned the car around and we went back to the club. We sauntered in and found a place to sit close to the catwalk where the women danced. We ordered drinks and watched the show. The women were beautiful and uninhibited, showing off their tits and their shaved pussies for everyone to see. It made me excited, especially because the audience was mostly men and I was almost the only woman there, aside from the dancers. After a few drinks I was feeling just a bit tipsy and extremely horny. This was my first experience at a strip club, so I wanted it to be a night to remember.

Many of the men, too, seemed to be excited by the fact that I, as a woman, enjoyed watching the dancers. Some of them began handing me dollar bills, so the strippers would approach me and take the money. The dancers were all creative and sexual in their own ways, but there was one who really caught my eye. She was a beautiful Polynesian woman whose name—her stage name, anyway—was Koko. 

She was of medium height and had a gorgeous body. Her nipples stood up proudly, hard and erect. Her pussy was shaved in a perfect V. Her luscious skin was tan and smooth, her ass shaped like a ripe apricot. She was just succulent, and she moved like a hungry tiger, looking for something to devour. I wanted to taste her right then and there, but I knew I had to contain myself.

I put one of the bills the guys had given me down on the catwalk in front of me. Koko crawled over to me like an animal. Picking up the money, she then crooked her finger at me, motioning me to come up on stage. I looked at my husband and he grinned back at me, telling me with his eyes to go ahead. So I did, to the cheering and calling of the watching men.

Koko told me to lie down on my back, and I did. There I was, lying in front of all those men, wondering what was going to happen next. I didn't have to wait long to find out. 

She got on top of me in the 69 positions, and started to eat me out. The men went totally wild. Next she turned around to face me face to face. While I laughed, Koto surprisingly French kissed me. After a second or two of shock, I kissed her just as hot as she was kissing me. We must have kissed for about a full minute. When our kiss of passion broke, she arched her back pushing her tits up and in front of my face. I just raised my head without thinking and sucked on one of her tits. This was when me came back to reality with the hooting and howling of the audience. 

The men started yelling, "suck her tits! Suck her tits!'

Koko arched back like a wild cat, and in a flash pulled my top up and over my face totally exposing my huge tits, and clamped her lips around my nibble. I just lay there helpless looking at my husband's huge smile on his face. Koto continued to suck on my tits, pinch my nibbles, and squeeze them hard now and again.

The men were simply going wild!

Soon after she helped me up and off the stage so that she could finish her set. The men around us were still yelling and giving me money to go on stage again. From the shock of everything and my husband not telling me, I still had me top up exposing my tits to everyone around for a few minutes.

It didn't take more then two minutes from the time Koto finished her set on stage for her to be standing by our table talking to my husband for about one minute, then leading me by hand to the private rooms.

Koko straddled me, as the door closed. She smiled at me sexily and leaned against me, pushing me down onto a sofa. She kissed my mouth, pushing her tongue inside and tasting me thoroughly. I kissed her back, and our roaming tongues as we explored each other's mouth turned me on even more. Then Koko stood up and started stripping for me. She took off everything and stood naked, touching herself erotically, dancing slowly and sensuously.

My hands burned for her body. "Can I touch you?" I asked breathlessly.

"Yes," she smiled. "You can."

My hands went crazy then, touching every part of her, exploring every inch of her body. I ran my tongue up and down over her smooth flesh, while she squeezed her own nipples, soft moans coming from her mouth. Finally she motioned me to lie down and she lay her naked body down on top of me, her mouth covering mine. When we broke the kiss she pulled off my top, exposing my breasts. The sensation of my hard nipples rubbing against hers, erect and aching, made me want her even more. Her skin was hot, and I knew she wanted me too.

Leaning up a bit, she slid my pants down, uncovering my lacy thong panties. Her hands slid underneath me, touching my ass and giving it a quick squeeze, as she again rubbed her breasts against mine. Oh god, I was so wet that I could feel my juices soaking my panties and oozing onto my thigh. Koko felt my wetness too. She pulled my panties to the side and pushed her fingers inside me, causing me to gasp and throw my head back with a whinny of pleasure. Back and forth, in and out of my pussy her fingers went with ease. Then she pulled them out and brought them up to her mouth, licking them hungrily, tasting my wetness, and savoring it as though it was her last meal. Then she brought them to my mouth, tracing them over my lips so I could taste myself. The flavor was sweet and musky and it drove me crazy.

Koko was still moaning sensuously. She moved down on me, kissing my breasts and then my stomach, and as she moved still lower her hands clutched my panties and slid them down my legs and off. Now we were both totally naked. I gave a loud cry as I felt her mouth on my pussy. Then her tongue was working, in and out of me, and on my clit, and I was twisting and humping up at her face and almost screaming with the fabulous sensation. I think I actually did scream when I came.

Koko slid back up to kiss my panting mouth, and as soon as I recovered my breath I turned her over so that she was lying face up on top of me, her nipples poking up in the air. I let my hands wander, touching those nipples, tweaking them a bit, while whispering in her ear, surprising myself by telling her the things I wanted to do to her, things that made her moan even more. She turned her head as far as she could, and I strained up to meet her mouth with mines, our tongues licking and probing again. My hands slid down to her squirming mound. It was drenched with excitement. She moaned more loudly when I touched her clit. It was swollen and ready to be pleasured. I let my fingers slide up and down her slit, feeling the slick wetness of her pussy. Then I rubbed at that stiff little button, making her cry out with passion.

I was in heaven, and I didn't want this ever to end. But Koko knew that our time was up, and however reluctantly, she told me that we had to go. She slowly got to her feet, pulling me up against her. I kissed her hard again. 

"Wait," I said then. "I want to taste your pussy." 

And before she could reply I slid quickly to the floor between her legs, pushing my face against her mound, licking and sucking fast and furiously. I pushed my fingers inside her as I did so, and she went wild.

"Oh yesss, lick my pussy!" she cried. "Eat it good, baby!" 

The smell of her cunt was incredibly intoxicating, and the softness of that shaved pussy against my mouth was almost enough to make me come myself. Her hips were bucking against my face as if she were fucking a cock. The feeling of it was unreal. Her hands held my head in place while I feasted on her swiftly flowing juices. I could feel her getting closer, hear her moans getting louder and louder. Her head fell back, her mouth opened, her chest thrust forward 'and her thighs shook uncontrollably against my face.

Oh god, her come was so warm and sweet against my lips. I savored every bit of it as I lapped it up, careful not to waste a drop.

Finally I stood up again and hugged her tight. We kissed one last time, then dressed quickly. She told me with a grin that that was the best dance she had ever given, and that if I came back we could do it again. I said I would surely try. As we came out of the little room, Koko embraced me again and kissed me hard, right in front of the bouncer and the audience of men, including my husband. Then she went off to get ready for her next show.

Norm was agog with anticipation, waiting to hear what had happened inside that private room. Careless of who was watching, I straddled my husband's lap and whispered in his ear, briefly telling him some of the things we had done. Then I kissed him, with the taste of Koko's juices still on my lips. He licked his lips hungrily, and I felt the hardness in his pants growing quickly. I squirmed against it, but there was only so much we could do in that situation. 

We left quickly, both of us hot and horny beyond belief. When we got back to the hotel we fucked ourselves silly all night long. Whenever Norm's passion showed signs of flagging, all I had to do was mention some detail or other of what Koko and I had done, and he would spring to life again.

Although we talked about it, we never did go back to that club during the rest of our vacation. It was as though I had fulfilled my long-held fantasy, had found out what it was like to taste a woman, to take her and be taken by her, and now I had no need to do it again. I was glad to have done it, and I still thought of Koko with great pleasure—and do to this day—but it was done, and I was ready to move on to other things.