 "How do you know her?" I asked Sara. 

"I've known her for a while. We play backgammon. She's fun. You'll like her," she said. 

Sara was one of my best friends. We'd known each other for years online and had become like sisters. In the years to come, we would meet and her husband would become one of my best friends also. But I digress . . . As best friends often do, Sara wanted me to get to know some of her other online friends. Such was the case with Tracey. 

I agreed to "meet" with Sara and Tracey online one night and see what the fuss was all about. I trusted Sara and if she thought this woman was someone I would get along with, I was willing to check her out. Sarah had been right. Tracey and I did get along and soon became friends. Over the next few years we became very involved with each other's lives. We talked about work, family, parties, friends, cars, pets, boyfriends and . . . girlfriends. The last of these topics is where this story really begins. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Mich, you like women??" were the words staring at me in the messenger window. 

My years online had given me a kind of sixth sense when it came to reading emotions during online conversations, but at that moment, I couldn't read hers. I had just finished telling her about a botched afternoon I had spent in bed with a female friend of mine. The experience was hard to deal with, hiding from my family that I was attracted to women was harder still, but telling my friends and not having them accept me was not something I could deal with. 

The messenger chimes rang. "Michele??"

I didn't know how to answer her with anything but the truth, but fear of losing a good friend had hold of me and I couldn't type. 

*Chimes* - "Answer me." 

*Chimes* - "I know you're still there." 

"Yes Tracey, I do. I'm bisexual." I typed, hit send and held my breath. 

"Why is this the first I'm hearing this? I thought we were friends." 

She seemed more disappointed that I hadn't trusted her enough to tell her than angry. I explained everything and waited for her response, expecting the worst. 

*Chimes* - "Why didn't you say something? Damn Girl! Had I known . . . LOL." 

"You have no idea how glad I am you're ok with this." I said. 

"Like I said, you should have said something Mich." 

I thought for a second and asked, "Why? 'Damn Girl! Had I known . . . ' What's that mean?"

The truth was I had spent many nights laying in bed thinking of Tracey. She was smart, funny, always made me smile and she was beautiful. I often found myself looking at the pictures she had sent me. I'd wanted her romantically for a long time and never had the guts to say it. Now there was a faint glimmer of hope that telling her would be a good thing. 

I watched the message window flash that she was typing a response, "Mich, I've been attracted to women over the years. I know how hard it can be, and how hard it is to tell someone you're attracted to when you don't know if they'll be into the idea of being with another woman. That's why I never told you that I wanted you." 

From that moment we formed a long distance relationship and started plans on meeting. Tracey lived in the Midwest and I live on the east coast. For the next year and a half we became as close as we could despite the physical distance. 

The day had finally come for us to meet. We had planned everything, and all the arrangements had been made. I hopped a Greyhound and headed west. After approximately twenty-two hours on and off the bus, I was delivered to a street corner in front of a travel agency that was closed for the day. It was getting dark, I was alone and in a town I knew nothing about. I stood there looking around for what seemed like forever and started thinking that maybe she scammed me, or changed her mind. The idea of spending the night outside the travel agency office turned my stomach, but at least I'd be there to get a ticket and the bus home if that was the case. I had just laid my bags down and sat on them when a car came around the corner. 

"Yanno, this isn't the best neighborhood for you to be hanging out in. You need a lift somewhere?" I knew that voice.

I didn't move, just said, "You're late."

She got out of the car and stepped on the curb. Looking up at her, I smiled, stood up and we hugged for the first time. We'd waited for this for so long, and we stood there holding each other, not wanting to let go. It seemed so surreal. We finally let go and Tracey grabbed my bags to throw them in the car.

"You've got to be hungry and want to get cleaned up after that trip. Let's head to the hotel and get you settled."

Once everything was in the car and we were on our way, she told me that she was sorry, that she had been late getting out of work. It didn't matter to me anymore. She showed up and we were finally together. We pulled into the hotel parking lot, started unpacking the car and as we started for the door she stopped me. 

"Hang on a sec . . . ," she kissed me. Our first kiss. Her lips were soft and the lip balm she used made mine tingle. It was the sweetest kiss I'd ever had - tender and gentle.

She smiled at me and said, "I just couldn't wait any more."

Once checked in, we headed to our room. It wasn't fancy or big, but it was clean, which was more than I could say for myself after spending twenty-two hours on a bus. I grabbed my toiletry bag, walked up behind her, kissed her on the neck and said, "I'm gonna hop in the shower Baby." 

She turned, gave me a quick kiss on the lips and said, "Okay, take your time. Unwind. You had a long trip. No doubt a shower will help you relax," and she winked at me. 

The hot water felt amazing. I stood there for a long time just letting it run over me, washing away the time on that bus. As my muscles relaxed, I put my hands out, propping myself up on the shower wall, the water rolling down the front of me. I started thinking about Tracey being just a room away and imagining how some of our more intimate moments would be spent over the next few days. I could feel the heat between my legs growing stronger, the hot water falling off my hard nipples, teasing them. In my mind her soft lips were brushing against them, the tip of her tongue grazing across them. I reached down and slid my middle finger between my lips, parting them, and lightly massaged my clit. 

A small moan escaped me and I rolled my head back, that's when I heard her, "My God you're beautiful." 

I turned and saw her, nude, standing there in the back of the shower. I was awestruck. She was even more beautiful than I could have ever imagined. She was as tall, a long leggy blonde, small perfect breasts with slightly larger than average nipples, a flat stomach with a perfect, round bellybutton that held a small silver ring in it and just below that a tiny patch of blonde hair. 

All I could manage to say was, "You're breathtaking." 

She walked toward me, our bodies locked and we kissed. Our tongues dancing together and our hands running across each other with the falling water. She reached for the soap and a washcloth, smiled and said, "Let me wash you." 

I watched her long, slender fingers work the soap into a lather. She turned me around and slowly ran the cloth over my back. She paused and traced each of my tattoos with her finger, then continued moving the suds over my skin. She moved down my back, carefully dragging the cloth over each ass cheek and then down the back of my legs. I turned to face her and pulled her close to me. I kissed her and gently cupped her breast, taking her nipple between my fingers and lightly pinching it. 

She gasped inside our kiss and then broke it saying, "This is about you. There's time for that later." 

She brought the cloth to my neck and worked the lather over my skin. Her hands worked their way down my body, stopping at my breasts to tease my nipples. She knew I loved that and enjoyed finally getting to see me squirm from her touch. She washed my stomach and worked her way down my legs, ankles and feet. She stood and let the water rinse me and seeing that all the suds were gone, she took my left nipple into her mouth and softly sucked it. 

The soft cloth touched the inside of my thigh and slid up until it reached my outer lips. I softly gasped as she gently rubbed them and tugged my nipple with her teeth. My hips moved slowly as she washed me. Her hand moved away from me and a moment later I could feel her cupping water between my legs to rinse me off. Her finger parted my lips and gently nudged at my clit. I wanted her so badly, I could hardly breathe. She teased me, moving her mouth from one nipple to the other and gently tapping on my clit. My knees started to weaken and I grabbed at the wall for support. She had me. I was totally hers. I was wrapped in a living fantasy. 

When she stopped, it was like being woken from a dream. She smiled, kissed me and said, "That's enough for now. I want you to remember our first night. I want you to think of it and actually feel us together."

We finished our shower, dried off and put on our robes. We came out of the bathroom and dinner was set out on the table. We sat and talked over dinner, relaxing and taking in as much of each other as we could. Tracey and I had waited a long time to be together and we didn't want to waste a moment together. 

We flirted and teased each other across the table for about an hour when I leaned in, looked into her eyes and said, "Tracey . . . I want you - now." 

I stood up and took her by the hand, pulling her to me. Pushing the robe off her shoulder I kissed and gently bit the bottom of her neck. Sliding my hand inside her robe, I cupped her breast, gently squeezing it and rubbing her nipple. She gasped softly next to my ear as she raised her hand and tangled her fingers in my hair, her nails grazing my skin. It made me want her all the more. 

I moved my hand down, opening her robe, exposing her. My mouth hungrily moved over her throat to her chin and finally her lips. Kissing her with passion and desire, I dragged my fingers down her stomach to that beautiful patch of soft, blonde hair and gently stroked it with the back of my fingers. She parted her legs allowing me access and I slipped one finger between her lips, curling the tip around her clit. Her hips shifted, moving to feel more of my finger. Not able to deny her anything I slipped a second finger between her slit, sliding them along the length of her inner lips. Placing my hand over her, I dipped my middle finger inside her, entering her for the first time. Her warm wetness covering my fingers, I knew she was aroused. 

Slowly wiggling my finger inside her, I kissed my way to her ear, ran my tongue along the edge and whispered, "Do you want me baby?" 

She whimpered breathlessly, "Yes . . . " 

I dropped our robes to the floor and laid her down on the bed. Starting at her ankle, I softly kissed and dragged my tongue up her body. I paused here and there, lingering at her navel, brushing my cheek against her ribs, working my way to her breasts. Brushing my lips over her nipples, kissing them, licking and sucking them. 

Shifting my body so one of my legs rested between hers, I pressed my thigh against her wet mound. Her hips pressed back against it, rubbing my leg. As she moved, I could feel her lips part as she pressed her clit to my thigh. She wanted to cum. Listening to her soft noises as my hands and mouth moved over her, I gauged how near she was to her climax. I could feel her wetness on my thigh and the scent of her arousal. It was more than I could take. I needed to taste her. 

Half grunting, half growling, I pushed up and moved down her body and rested between her legs, taking in her scent. She was intoxicating. I pressed my face into her and spread her lips with my tongue, tasting her, for the first time. I savored her for a few moments and then opened her lips with my thumbs. Using just the tip of my tongue, I traced her lips and flicked at her clit. Her hips raised wanting more, and I sucked her clit between my lips, teasing it with the barbell I wear in my tongue. 

Letting go, I started lapping at her in long slow strokes with my tongue, making sure to enter her with each upward lick. Her moaning and sighing were such a turn on for me. I wanted to hear her cum. I buried my face in her, wiggling my tongue deep inside her, as deep as I could, nudging her clit with the tip of my nose. Her hips bucked against me as she grew close to cumming. I felt her hand on the top of my head, her fingers gripping my hair. My mouth moved once again to her clit, sucking it, and I slid two fingers inside her. With small circling sweeps I tapped at her g-spot, her clit a hard little nugget between my lips. Her juices spread over my fingers and down my hand. Her grip on my hair grew tighter, as the muscles inside her grew tighter around my fingers. 

"Oh God! Michele! Yes! Don't stop Baby!" she gasped. 

With my fingers and tongue working furiously like two little whirlwinds, her body tightened and exploded in a wave of ecstasy. I softly lapped at her, cleaning her, savoring her, until she gave a little twitch and I knew she was too sensitive for me to continue. 

Crawling up beside her and laying at her side, she rolled over, half of her on top of me and kissed me softly. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. She brushed the hair from my face and kissed me again. She looked at me. Her eyes were so blue, so expressive. 

"I love you Tracey." 

Climbing on top of me, she laid down, her arms around me and she said, "I love you too Baby."

Throughout that night and the rest of my visit, Tracey showed me just how much she loved me, as I did for her. She made me the happiest I'd been in a very long time, but all good things must come to an end. It was time for me to go home again. 

We packed the car and headed to the bus station. When we got there, I had well over an hour until my bus was to leave. Tracey stayed with me until the last second. We heard them call for the passengers on my bus to load. She walked me to the door and we embraced. We held each other crying, not wanting to say good-bye. The loading announcement rang out again and we knew it was time. We kissed one last time, I grabbed my bags and started out the door. Looking back over my shoulder, I could see her through the window. 

She mouthed the words, "I love you," I mouthed them back, blew her a kiss and boarded the bus. 

The trip home was a total disaster, but that's a different story. Once I was home and settled back in, I decided to check my email. I signed on and there she was on my buddy list. That familiar chime rang once again. 

*Chimes* - "I miss you already."

"I miss you too, Baby. Wish I could have stayed," I answered. 

*Chimes* - "So do I. I love you. I want us to move in together." 

Eleven months later, we did exactly that. It's been ten years now and I love her more today than I did our first night.