 It's hard to say when my interest with girls started, but I was 21 when I first had sex with one. She was an older woman and knew exactly how to please me. I loved the sensuality of sex with a woman... The way that they were so open, so gentle, and most of the time, fully understood the female orgasm so well that sexual skills didn't take the time or experience to develop that it normally does with men. They know what to touch, and how. It is intuitive. 

My taste in girls is varied. I love girls of all shapes and sizes and nationalities. However, I often find that I go for something a bit different to me. I loved petite brunettes and hunted them all the time. Girls were more of a challenge for me, and I enjoyed the challenge. I loved the idea of turning a straight girl, and frequently chased bi-curious girls who wanted to be 'shown the ropes'.

One of the best girl-on-girl experiences I ever had was when I was 23, with K and H. They were both experienced girls themselves - totally filthy and thoroughly deviant. Physically, they were both beautiful and glamorous and above my league. They were bisexual had been in an open relationship for a while and were much more experienced than me. At the same time, I was confident that I had sufficient experience to know how to get them both into bed. We spoke online and agreed to meet. They mentioned that they were staying in a hotel. I knew this meant that there was a chance for sex. It was a promise without a guarantee. I brought all of my naughtiest toys with me in my car and prepared.

We arranged to meet in a bar and sat in a quiet corner in a booth table. I felt a strong connection with both of the girls. They were fun and sexy, and had lots of erotic stories to tell. K was 26 and a very petite brunette with pale skin. She was perhaps about 5ft3. Her body was tight and toned and her tight black dress showed off her fit body. She had naughty eyes and a southern voice that sounded so sexy. She talked a lot and laughed a lot. I undressed her with my eyes when we met. H was also a brunette. She was 28 and quieter than K. She was tall and thin and innocent looking. Her legs were incredible and went on forever. She had the cutest smile to match, and the most submissive nature that became apparent in conversation. K was in charge, that's just how it was. I loved their dynamic.

K would hint about the idea of a threesome between us and H watched her intently whenever she dropped these hints. I indulged these ideas and stroked H's legs subtly under the table as I asked them about their turn ons and experiences. I could tell they had some kind of code going on between them. I went to the toilet and when I came back K popped the question. 

"We were wondering... would you like to come back to the hotel with us?". That was the cue. 

When we got back to their room, we opened a bottle of wine and continued to chat. I had my bag of toys with me, and K and H had a wardrobe full of naughty outfits they had stashed away. 

I wanted them to show me their outfits, and K got up and got changed into this new dress she had bought. It was kinky, PVC short and zip up and showed off her great ass, with black stockings to match. H said that she should go and get changed into it, so she disappeared into the bathroom. While she was gone, me and H laid on the bed and started to kiss. 

"You'd better not be starting without me!" K laughed from the bathroom. 

I loved her cheeky and bossy way. We laughed and stopped. I teased H's legs again and she started to play with my hair as we waited patiently. K pranced out in her killer sexy outfit. She looked fantastic. H complimented her and started to get out her phone. I got off the bed and walked towards her and told her she looked hot.. and ran my hands down her body. and over her hips. I was so tempted to unzip the dress from the top, to the bottom, but I resisted. As we kissed, H started to take photos.

"It's your turn now..." K said, turning to H and looking through the wardrobe. 

I could tell that K was getting horny and chose an even more revealing outfit that consisted of a black plunge bra and french knickers for H... K ordered her to the bathroom and she obliged with a grin. K looked through the photos and smiled. She asked me what I had in my bag. H quickly got changed and came out in her underwear, looking like a model. She was more shy and K dragged her over to the bed.

I was still fully clothed and both of the girls were desperate to know what I had in my bag. They convinced me to strip, one item of clothing at a time, and their eyes were fixed on me stood in nothing but my heels and underwear. K's naughty mind was full of dirty thoughts and she was desperate to know what I had in my bag of toys. One by one, I took them out of the bag and explained how I acquired them and what I hoped to do with them. They loved how filthy I was. I started off tame, taking out bottles of lube and vibrators and handcuffs, before getting increasingly deviant with a collar and leash, a whip, some anal beads, and a big black strap on.

The girls were fascinated and examined my toys. K wanted to see me in the strap on, and ran her fingers up and down the length, inspecting the girth with some intrigue. I put it on. H, on the other hand, was particularly interested in my bondage collection of ropes and cuffs, and K commented on this straight away. I jokingly stated that K should tie H up to see what she would look like, and she did. The collar was placed around H's neck and the two leather cuffs were tied behind her back. Her feet were cuffed together too. K wanted to take a picture and I took over, holding the leash and pulling my grip tighter. I had the best view of her perfect ass and had her in a doggie style position from behind.

I asked K what she thought I should do to H. She specified in explicit detail about how I should pull down H's underwear and lick her pussy slowly from behind. H smiled. I willingly obliged and licked her wet pussy, from her clit to the top of her ass. She tasted so good. K was sat down and filming it all, instructing me to rim H and to put my tongue deep in her ass. 

"Oh shit.. do it right there..." H said, starting to get close to orgasm and trying to wriggle around.

K told me to strap on fuck her from that position. Willingly, I obeyed and forced H to take every inch as I gently rested one finger on her asshole and gripped onto one of her ass cheeks. I followed K's orders, she knew exactly how H needed to be fucked and it was incredibly hot hearing her describe what she wanted me to do to her. It felt so naughty - it was all being filmed.

I started to pound H hard from behind and she struggled in her bondage. I quickly pushed her over the edge as I went in deeper and harder and she moaned with pleasure. K was excited beyond belief and told me that she wanted to join in. She put the camera down and came over to the bed, lying in front of H who was still cumming with the strap on inside of her pussy. K wanted H to go down on her and K slowly unzipped her dress to reveal her naked body underneath. Her pussy was smooth and shaven and I pulled the leash up so that H could have easy access to her. K spread her lips for H and forced her pussy into her face. Poor H was stuck between us. A naughty submissive toy for us both.

I loved watching H eat pussy and K's eyes shut as she sat back and enjoyed it. I leaned over and stroked K's pert nipples gently and kissed her neck. It was her turn. I released H from her leash and we both started to pleasure K at once.. taking the time to explore her body with our hands and tongue. I still had my strap on on and gently guided K's head towards it.. to taste all of H's pussy juices that covered it. She sucked it like it was a real cock in the dirty nasty way, as H continued to lick her pussy up and down and in little circles. I told her to spit on it. H inserted two fingers inside her and K arched her back. She had a powerful orgasm with a mouthful of black strap on cock, H continuing to finger her fast and hard. 

I smiled and told the girls how hot they were. K and H both agreed that it was my turn to cum, and as I was kneeling on the bed, K took off my strap on and H undid my bra. H loved my tits and spent a long time licking them and stroking and squeezing them. Meanwhile, K was gently stroking my clit... rubbing her fingers across my wet lips. I laid back and they both started to pleasure me. H was now working her way towards my clit with her tongue and K was slipping her finger in and out in a perfect rhythmic motion. She inserted another in my ass. I was totally filled up. I was desperate to cum... and it wasn't long before they both managed to make me go over the edge.

I genuinely think it was one of the most incredible sexual experiences I have ever had. They texted me shortly after describing it as their "hottest meet" and they challenged me to "up the ante" next time. I was left to wonder what exactly they meant by "upping the ante" for a short while before they indulged me in some imaginative FFF fantasies. I had to help fulfill these. It would have been rude not to, after all.