 A small group of exceedingly beautiful women met the limousine with umbrellas and a wheel chair for Cynthia who was not completely out of her orgasmic daze. She was wrapped in a warm robe and taken inside the two story mansion that overlooked the steep valley. Mistress Millicent lived on the side of the mountain. 

"Come on, it's raining," a woman called to her and waved her inside the house. Holly obeyed the request and found herself standing in the foyer of a very old and very elegant estate house. Paintings adorned the walls and fine china and porcelain sat on dark oaken shelves and book cases.

"Hi, I'm Lisa," the tall blonde introduced herself with a welcoming grin. Like the other women she was fabulously beautiful. "Come on, let's get you settled."

Settled was a large room with a four poster bed and downy pillows. Holly had never seen anything so beautiful. Ornate drapes hung from French windows, and an empire sedan sat beneath them. She was so busy looking over the fireplace and paintings on the wall, she almost missed Lisa taking some very flimsy looking things out of the chest of drawers.

"Take those off, and put these on," Lisa said and laid the black negligee on the bed. There were no panties to go with it, but then panties were not necessary at the mansion. Holly shyly did what she was told, but the moment she was nude, Lisa looked at her with horror on her face. "Oh my words, you have a hairy pussy," she exclaimed. "That won't work."

"Mistress Millicent told me I had to shave it," she apologized and tried to cover herself.

"Well, I can help you with that right now," Lisa assured her. "There's a shaving stool right over there in the corner. Let's get it out and take care of that messy pussy."

The shaving stool was a chair that was open in a V. Holly sat in it and was embarrassed that her legs were open so wide, but Lisa didn't seem to mind. She made up a soapy mixture in a shaving mug and sat on the carpet in front of Holly. Using a soft bristle brush, she soaped up Holly's pussy, which went to tingling in an unfamiliar fashion. Holly like Cynthia was a virgin.

"Oh this is going to feel so good," Lisa promised and made sure she had everything good and sudsy. Then taking a very sharp razor, she carefully shaved the offending hair off the girl's nether regions. It took a few minutes to get it all, but Lisa was a pro at shaving pussies. "Now, good enough to eat," she pronounced and leaned in to kiss the freshly shaven treat. Holly jumped at the sudden thrill that shot through her crotch and up to her breasts. Lisa looked up at her and smiled. "You know, a welcome home lick might not hurt at all." She leaned in closer and ran her tongue over Holly's damp slit.

Holly closed her eyes as a delicious ache built in her pussy. Remembering what she had done to Cynthia, she shyly fondled her breasts and pinched her nipples. The sensation was exquisite, encouraging her to work her titties over harder. 

Lisa's expert tongue found her clit and flicked it a couple of time before settling down to really suck on it. Lisa loved the taste of clean pussy, and it thrilled her that she was the first to sample this delectable young woman. Slipping two fingers inside of her virgin pussy, she finger fucked the sweet thing until she began to make funny noises and squirm. Sweet Holly was having her first orgasm. Of course this made Lisa as horny as hell.

"My turn," she exclaimed and jumped up.

Holly looked surprised as she was dragged to the bed. "I've never done this before," she protested as Lisa literally threw her on the bed and pounced. 

On all fours over the tender girl, Lisa grinned down at her and said, "Then do what I tell you to do." Rising up, she shrugged off the blue satin robe and exposed her gorgeous DD's to the air. She was certain Holly had never seen anything so magnificent. "You'll get big beautiful titties too," she said and cupped her breasts in her hands. "Your boobs will grow larger and get so sensitive that even clothing makes you horny." She rolled her nipples between her fingers and closed her eyes. It didn't take much to make her cum.

"Here, suck one," she said and fell back over Holly.

Holly took the right nipple into her mouth and started sucking on it. Lisa closed her eyes and shuddered. "No, you on top," she suddenly announced and fell on the bed beside the girl. "Lean over me and play with my tits."

Holly leaned over Lisa and took one of the gorgeous tits into her mouth and sucked it for all she was worth. Lisa's fingers worked on her clit until the first orgasm hit her. She tensed up and rode wave after wave of incredible pleasure. Then she decided she wanted to be fucked.

"In the drawer," she gasped, "a vibrator. Turn it on and use it on my pussy!" she half shouted.

Holly released Lisa's tit and looked in the bed side drawer for the vibrator. It was long and smooth with a knob at the end. It took her a second to turn it on, but when she looked back Lisa was playing with her own tits.

"Fuck me with it!" Lisa gasped and opened her legs wide, her knees raised. Holly wasn't sure she knew how to do this, but she stuck the knobby end of the vibrator against Lisa's clit Lisa almost screamed and then started panting "Fuck me! Fuck me! Push it inside."

Holly pushed the vibrator inside Lisa and watched the woman ride one orgasm after another. Lisa pinched and twisted her nipples while bucking wildly on the bed. Holly was amazed that anyone could feel that much pleasure. Her own pussy twitched at the thought of it. 

Lisa finally sobbed and told Holly to remove the vibrator. She was fucked out, at least for a little while.

"Oh my god, that was incredible," Lisa gasped with a wild grin on her face. Reaching for the younger woman's arm, she grabbed it and drew Holly down for a long, sensuous kiss. Their tongues touched and darted in and out of each other's mouth. Holly gasped when Lisa grabbed her right breast and pinched the hard little nipple. "Does baby want another orgasm?" Lisa asked against her lips.

"I'd like that," Holly answered.

"Lie on your back then," Lisa said and sat up. "I'm going to break your little pussy in tonight."

Holly lay back on the bed and was surprised when Lisa tied her hands and feet to the four corners with silk scarves that she just happened to know were in the drawer. Spread-eagle, she felt so vulnerable and so sexy. Lisa reached in the drawer and took out two small ruby lady bug clamps. They were mostly for show, but they did hold the titty erect and kept it sensitive with its small golden legs. Holly squirmed went Lisa attached them to her titties.

"Ah ah," Lisa said and ran her fingers down Holly's flat belly and cleanly shavened pussy. "You have such a pretty pussy," she purred and turned the vibrator on; Lisa then pressed the thick knob against Holly's clit and turned it on.

Holly's breasts rose and fell as Lisa used the vibrator expertly on her clit and pussy lips. The moment the first orgasmic wave hit her, Lisa pushed the vibrator inside her pussy and found her g-spot. Holly thrashed about wildly as Lisa used her fingers on her clit. 

"Oh that's it baby, ride that dong," Lisa crooned and continued fucking and stroking Holly's clit and pussy. After a good feed from Millicent, this tasty little thing was going to be wet and horny all the time. Nonstop sex.

When Holly could cum no more, Lisa turned the vibrator off and untied her. Holly was exhausted and fell asleep almost instantly. Lisa covered her with the soft down comforter and turned out the light. Her room was right next door.

Cynthia awoke with a sob. Her pussy was throbbing and her breasts felt engorged. Her nipples were as hard as pebbles, and the only thing she could think about was rubbing her clit. Running her hands down her belly, she was momentarily surprised to find her pussy shaved clean, but she didn't care. The moment her fingers found her swollen clit, she rubbed it eagerly. Suddenly there were two women in bed with her. They each latched on to a swollen nipple with their mouths and started sucking vigorously. Cynthia rolled her eyes back in her head as her first orgasm exploded in her groin and ran up her body to her brain. Someone's hand joined hers, and the orgasms just rolled through her.

The two women, Candy and Monica, knew first hand what Millicent's bite did to a young woman. The blind lust riding your body; the constant need to masturbate or fuck. 

Candy raised her honey blonde head from Cynthia's tender nipple and suggested, "Maybe we can put a butterfly on her."

Monica rose on her elbows and looked down at the trembling mass of femininity. Cynthia was very pretty, but they needed to get her to calm down enough to eat and drink something. "There's one in the drawer."

Cynthia didn't want to quit. Her pussy was on fire. She didn't pay much attention to the woman until they grabbed her and placed something on her pussy that fluttered mercilessly on her hypersensitive clit. For the next hour she thrashed about in an unending orgasm while the two women made love on the bed beside her. The sight of them sucking each other's breasts and licking the other's pussy added fuel to Cynthia's fevered brain.

After an hour of orgasmic bliss, Cynthia's passion subsided long enough to the women to help her get out of bed and into a shower. Food would be waiting for them when they returned.

The rest of the day was spent lazing by the pool, reading or casually fucking someone. Cynthia was the pussy of choice because she was so new and orgasmic. The only thing on her that was not touched licked or probed was her sweet ass. Millicent would want that for herself. 

Holly was teased quite a bit in preparation for her first feeding, but no one allowed her an orgasm. Her sweet tender body needed to be at fever pitch for Millicent. It was Millicent's rule that the one supplying the food not have an orgasm on the day of the feed. And so when Holly dove nude into the pool, she was fondled and toyed with, even getting a lovely nipple suck from Lisa, but no orgasm.

Early in the afternoon they had a brunch of fruits and vegetables with some nice sliced beef and red wine. It was eat your fill because after this there was nothing else until midnight. Precisely at four they retired to the house where they would each take a cleansing enema as ordered by Millicent. She wanted everything about her food squeaky clean, even if she wasn't feeding on that particular individual.

The bathroom was large and had several showers and toilets in it like a girl's locker room. Close to the wall was a padded bench that was tall enough for the girls to lean over for their enema. When Cynthia leaned over for hers, she quivered when Candy spread her ass cheeks and applied a lubricant to her anus. "You really are sensitive," the other woman said as she lightly fingered the tight hole. "Millicent is going to love this."

Inserting the tip of the enema bottle, she eased it inside of Cynthia while gauging her reaction. Whenever Cynthia showed signs of an orgasm, Candy slapped her right butt cheek hard with her hand. The sudden sharp pain kept her from cumming. 

After a few minutes she released Cynthia to go and evacuate her bowels. Now it was Holly's turn. Holly leaned over the padded bench and waited nervously for Candy to give her the enema. Candy could see the tension in the younger woman's body and gently ran her hand over her smooth tanned back and lovely firm ass cheeks. 

"Just relax; it won't hurt," Candy promised and eased a greasy finger into her rectum. "Just a little lubricant." She placed the nozzle of the enema bottle against that tight little hole and gently pushed it inside. Holly squirmed a little when the cool liquid filled her bowels. After being teased all day, it was actually adding to her horniness.

After evacuating her bowels and taking another shower to clean off the chlorine, Holly was as ready as she was going to be. She and Lisa, who was going to be her companion for the next couple of days, retired to her room to wait for Millicent. The other girls disappeared into the 'play' room. Once Millicent had fed, she would be joining them there.

Holly and Lisa climbed on the bed, and right from the start Lisa started kissing her. The kisses were deep and soulful, Lisa's tongue teasing Holly's mouth until she moaned with pleasure. Lisa messaged Holly's left breast and teased the nipple until it was as hard as a little raisin. She then took Holly's hand and placed it on her own breast. 

Holly was shy but she learned quickly and was soon sucking one of Lisa's ripe nipples while teasing the other with her fingers. Lisa fell on her back and told Holly to kiss her body, while she continued rolling her nipples between her fingers. Holly did as she was told kissing and nibbling on Lisa's smooth belly as she made her way down to her naked pussy.

Lisa opened her legs and said, "Lick me, baby. Make me cum." Holly climbed between Lisa's legs and carefully used her tongue on Lisa's pussy. It was nice, and soon she was licking and sucking her clit while fucking her with her fingers. Lisa came several times and nearly fell off the bed once, but Holly stayed with her.

Although Holly wanted to share in the pleasure, Lisa told her she had to wait for Millicent, and for the next hour she held Holly against her body, the younger woman's head against her shoulder. She stroked the quivering body from nipple to pussy but offered no relief. Holly needed to be wet and horny when Millicent came to feed. 

A few minutes before Millicent was to arrive, Lisa got Holly out of bed and tied her hands behind her back with silk scarves. "This will keep you from grabbing her and causing yourself an injury," Lisa said when she faced the puzzled girl. Holly had such pretty breast with pale pink nipples. She couldn't help herself; she leaned over and sucked on each one until it was hard and deeply flushed. Holly moaned wantonly and closed her eyes.

The door opened and Millicent entered the room. The vampire was breathtaking in a black corset that cinched her slender waist tighter and held up her prefect DD breasts. Black silk stockings and high heels completed the ensemble. 

"Oh Holly, you look delicious," the vampire crooned and cupped one of Holly's tender breasts in her hand. "Lisa, get the chair." Lisa went to a corner of the room and came back with what a first appeared to be an ordinary chair. Millicent sat in it and said, "Now bring me the cock."

The cock was a hard piece of plastic that fitted on the chair between Millicent legs. She didn't like the girls squirming off her lap, and the cock held them in place while she fed.

"Come here," she told Holly and held out her hand. "I need you to sit on my lap. Yes, that is going to go inside of you."

Holly's pussy was not exactly virginal, but she'd never had anything longer than a finger inside of her before now. Straddling Millicent's legs, she slowly sat down on the thick cock. Millicent helped by steadily pulling on her arm. Once the thick head was inside of her, Holly squirmed a little, but Millicent was patient and continued drawing the girl down until she was completely impaled by the cock.

With a cock buried deep in her pussy, and her breasts jutting out for Millicent's attention, Holly was ready. "Oh, this is very nice," Millicent said as she played with Holly's flushed nipples, her touch adding exquisite desire to them. The vampire leaned over and suckled them like pieces of juicy fruit, while slowly running her hands lower to the girl's quivering pussy. 

Holly's squirming grew in intensity as Millicent stroked her clit with one long finger. Over and over Millicent stroked her clit until Holly exploded in a bone shattering orgasm. At that moment Millicent bit into one of her sweet breasts. And Holly's orgasm didn't stop until Millicent was quite satisfied on her blood and orgasmic energy. Then she collapsed forward on the vampire like a limp toy.

"Oh that was good," Millicent purred and wrapped her hands together under Holly's firm ass and stood up. The rubber cock made a slurping sound as it left Holly's pussy. Millicent carried Holly to the bed and laid her on it. "Stay with her," she told Lisa. "I really liked that one." 

"Yes, Mistress Millicent," Lisa said obediently.

"Good girl. Now, let's go see what those others are doing."