 Millicent entered her play room and found her girls all on their knees in the appropriate show of respect and submission except Cynthia. Cynthia was bent over a padded horse with her ass higher than her head and her hands and feet tied to the corners of the horse.

"Why is she like that?" she asked curiously and walked over to examine Cynthia's lovely ass. Spanking it last night had been delightful.

"Her ass is virgin," Monica answered without looking up. "We knew you would want to break it in while she is still orgasmic."

Millicent smiled and ran her hand lovingly over her sweet firm present. "Yes, I would," she agreed. "Are you comfortable, Cynthia?"

"Yes, Mistress Millicent," she replied carefully breathlessly.

"Is she clean?" Millicent asked and spread the plump cheeks apart.

"Yes, Mistress Millicent."

"Very good," Millicent replied and slipped a finger inside of Cynthia's tight ass. The girl's body quivered in a small orgasm. "I did not tell you to cum," the vampire scolded her and slapped the right butt cheek with her hand. "You are so tight, my sweet. I need to loosen you up a bit" Getting directly behind her, Millicent pushed her finger in deeper and wiggled it around. A second finger joined the first.

Cynthia couldn't help herself. Her nipples were hard and sensitive, and Mistress Millicent's fingers in her ass were touching nerves she didn't know she had. Every time she wiggled her butt, Millicent slapped her hard on the ass cheek, but that did not keep her orgasm at bay.

"Oh, Mistress," she moaned and closed her eyes. "I need to cum, please."

"Really?" Millicent asked and removed her fingers. "Monica, bring me the largest butt plug you have, and my suede paddle please. I need to get control of this young ass quick."

"Oh, Mistress, I'm sorry," Cynthia apologized in fear. 

"No, no," Millicent replied and ran a hand over the girl's smooth ass. "I need to get it under control now." Taking the plug from Monica, she examined it a moment and turned to one of the tables along the wall for a dollop of lubricant. Greasing the plug up good, she turned back to Cynthia and very slowly pushed it into her tight ass. The girl spasmed with small orgasms as the plug settled deeply in her bowels. Millicent smiled as she made sure the plug was good and deep in her rectum.

The suede paddle was placed in her hand, but Millicent took a moment to study the upturned ass in front of her. Halloween was just down the road, and she needed someone for the butt fucking contest. Perhaps she needed to train Cynthia's ass to take cock as well as fingers and tongues. 

She smacked the right butt cheek with a resounding pop, making the girl jerk against her bonds. A well placed one in the middle not only popped her ass, but jolted the plug in her rectum. Cynthia groaned loudly. She was going to be rewired in no time, associating spanking with orgasms. One of the women got on her back beneath Cynthia's dangling breasts and took one in her mouth. She sucked hard on the tender cherry tip while rolling the other between her fingers. 

Cynthia sank into the incredible sensations as her orgasm continued to build in her burning pussy. Millicent's paddled paid extra attention to it, alternating between it and one ass cheek and then back to her pussy. Pain and pleasure mingled when Millicent opened her pussy lips with the fingers of her left hand to a little extra abuse. The paddle stung her clit, but the orgasm that shattered her body was bone crunching. Over and over she came as Millicent rubbed her clit hard and fast. 

"I want her ass trained to take cock," Millicent said breathlessly. "I want her to be able to fuck a Shetland pony if I need her to." 

In need of her own relief, the vampire moved to her fucking thrown and sat down. Immediately two of her girls moved to the velvet benches on either side of the chair arms and took one of her full breasts into their mouths and sucked greedily. Two mouths sucking on her tits at the same time was very intoxicating, but not as wonderful as the one kneeling between her legs. Candy kissed her pussy and then split it open with her tongue. Candy loved to eat pussy. 

To make things interesting, Millicent motioned for someone to fuck Candy while Candy ate her. If Candy came before Mistress did, Candy got her sweet little ass spanked until it was a bright fiery red. And Candy knew this. Monica knelt behind Candy and lubricated the vibrator with Candy's own pussy juices. Then turning it on, she slowly fucked Candy with it, occasionally pausing to let the hum against Candy's engorged clit. This only made Candy suck harder on Millicent's clit. 

Millicent closed her eyes and settled into the sensations of being suckled by her girls. Something wasn't right. "I need a fucking too," she decided aloud. "Someone give Candy a vibrator. My pussy feels empty."

Candy took the vibrator and inserted it in her mistress' pussy while continuing to lick and suck on her clit. Her own clit was being exquisitely tortured by the vibrator Monica was using on her. In – out – clit, that was the Monica's pattern. Candy didn't want to cum first; she wanted Mistress to cum, but Monica was ruthless. She knew how to use the vibrator on her aching clit. 

Millicent could see that Candy was not going to win the challenge. The moment the girl started bucking back against the vibrator behind her, Millicent fingered her own clit to a delicious orgasm. The girls sucking her tits didn't quit until she told them to.

She waved her hand, and the girl on her right breast moved to lick her pussy clean. Candy, breathing hard, crouched in front of Millicent with her head down. Millicent looked at the young woman and smiled. She so loved spanking their asses. "All I want to see is her ass in front of me," she said grimly. "Let Cynthia go, and put Candy in her place."

Millicent meant quite literally that all she wanted to see was Candy's ass. Once the girl was tied down securely, a sheet was draped over her with a large hole in it that allowed only her ass to be seen. Nothing else was visible.

Candy's ass was milk white and plump. Her pussy lips were still deeply flushed and moist. Millicent took her paddle and swatted all that loveliness once very hard. Tied down as she was, Candy couldn't jump. Millicent smiled and spanked her lovely milk white ass ten times, turning it as bright red as her succulent pussy. 

"You were such a naughty girl cumming first," she crooned softly and reached for a bottle of lotion on the table. Pouring the cool soothing liquid in her hand, she rubbed it into Candy's flaming hot skin and hyper sensitive pussy. A finger tip over her traumatized clit, sent Candy back into the depths of ecstasy. "If you want to cum, you bad girl, I'll let you." Candy shook and trembled for many minutes as Millicent gave her one orgasm after another by rubbing a forefinger over her clit. When Candy fainted, she stopped.

The other girls waited on their knees to see what Mistress Millicent wanted to do with them. Once she was finished with Candy, she turned to look down at them. Millicent always loved looking at her pretty girls, so sweet and tender and delicious. Sometimes she had them wear provocative clothing, but most of the time like now, she kept them nude. If she wanted to play with a nipple or stroke a clit, she did not want lace or satin between her and what she wanted to touch. 

"Everyone getting lots of sex?" she asked curiously.

"Yes, Mistress," they all answered together.

"Oh good," she said and glanced around her play room. What hadn't they played with in awhile? The teeter-totter! It wasn't a real teeter-totter, but it was fun to watch the girls get fucked by her toy. "I want Carmen and Monica to get the teeter-totter. We haven't played with it in awhile."

The teeter-totter was not as long as the playground toy, but it did go up and down. In the middle of each seat was a rubber cock that fit snuggly up into a waiting pussy. Each rider was then impaled on one of these cocks with their hands tied behind their backs. Nipple clamps that held on but didn't cut off the blood supply were attached to each nipple with long chains going from one girl's tit to the other's. As the teeter-totter went up and down, the chains yanked and pulled on their tender nipples. Unable to keep their balance, the yanking and pulling was quite a bit, and just for fun, gags were placed inside their mouths. 

Millicent liked to sit back and watch as the riders slowly fucked themselves into oblivion because at the base of each rubber cock was a small knot that rubbed against their clits. The girls had to do all the work themselves, and Millicent was known to leave them on the teeter-totter for hours, riding up and down on the rubber cocks while tugging on each other's stinging nipples.

Millicent took her seat and called for Cynthia to come and sit in her lap. Cynthia, still wearing the butt plug, obeyed. Millicent had her face outwards so she could watch the riders; it also allowed Millicent to run her hands freely over the girl's body and down to her soaking wet pussy. "You can cum whenever you want," the vampire whispered into her ear and eased Cynthia's body back against hers. She kissed the side of the girl's throat and soft pale shoulder, while her hands cupped her now fuller breasts. She brushed her nipples but did not toy with them. 

The three girls not doing anything watched with growing lust, as Millicent teased her newest pet with light caresses. She nibbled on Cynthia's shoulder but did not bite down. Millicent never fed on one of her pets two days in a row; they would not survive. But sex was a different matter. Millicent also fed on orgasmic energy, and her girls kept her well fed.

Denying her girls sex or orgasms always heightened their releases when she did allow them to cum. Millicent stroked and petted Cynthia, running her hands over her smooth belly and cupping her full breasts, until the girl started whimpering. Her jutting breasts were begging to be touched, and her pussy was hotter than ever. She didn't care that the other girls could see her hungry pussy or that Millicent wouldn't let her touch it. 

Millicent kissed her pale shoulder and sucked on it. There would be a hickey in the morning but nothing else. Finally cupping her full breasts in her hands, she rolled the turgid nipples between her fingers. Pinching and pulling on them, she opened her legs which opened Cynthia's even more. Releasing one breast, she snaked her fingers into the enflamed pussy and stroked her swollen clit. Cynthia threw her head back and shook over and over as Mistress gave her one fantastic orgasm after another.

When Cynthia slumped against her in euphoric oblivion. Millicent looked at the three kneeling girls at her feet and smiled. "You can eat each other's pussies if you like." How the three worked it out was up to them. Millicent looked back at the lovely creature in her arms and smiled. Cynthia's ass was going to be the best ass in town...literally.