 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: This story has been edited by myself, using Microsoft Spell-check. You have been forewarned.

Also, if you are looking for a stroke story, this probably is not it. This is a fairly long one with a minimum amount of sex in it.

*.*

Terri Triche forced a smile to her face as she entered the lobby of the small radio station. The receptionist returned the attractive blonde's smile but said nothing.

"Hi, I uh, I'm Terri, Terri Triche," Terri said. "I've got an appointment to uh, to meet with uh, Ms. White?"

"For sales? Here, please fill this out," the receptionist said, handing Terri an application form.

"I uh, I already did this, on uh, on your web site," Terri protested lightly.

The receptionist just stared at Terri until Terri took the offered document. Terri sat in a small, hard chair and used her plastic folder to prop the application up.

As she scribbled, she could see the receptionist typing on a computer. The clack of the keys was muffled by the broadcasting of the radio's music through speakers in the ceiling.

92.9, KITN, 'The Kitten That Roars' played current Alternative music, peppered with some hard rock tunes. Terri bobbed her head along with the song as she double-checked her form.

"All done?" the receptionist smiled. "Ms. White will see you now; first door on the left."

"Thank you," Terri said and again forced the smile to her face.

Terri didn't feel like smiling. The past few weeks had been nothing to smile about. She'd come home, to the apartment she and Sammy had been sharing, only to find him and the older woman from next door screwing on the couch. The woman was at least fifty, maybe even sixty years old, but Sammy declared that they were in love.

Her mother laughed a bitter laugh and reminded Terri, she had told her not to move in with the arrogant young man. Then her mother tersely stated that Terri had decided she was an adult, well, she could be an adult. But she was not moving back home.

Then after moving in with Tiffany and Tiffany's boyfriend Lamont Decker, Terri had been fired from Benito's Pizza. No reason given, just told that they no longer wanted or needed her services.

Terri had driven home, almost in a stupor. Tiffany was working; the attractive red head was a car hop at Sonic's, but Lamont was home. Terri had sobbed to him about her job loss and the young African-American had hugged her, patted her back, assured her that she'd find another job.

Lamont's hands were cupping Terri's 34E breasts when Tiffany walked in. There had been screaming, accusations, even some hair pulling and slapping.

"Bitch, think you need be going, know what I'm saying?" Tiffany had finally declared.

The past five nights had been spent sleeping in her Toyota Camry. During the day, Terri went to the Clarkston County Public Library. She used their bathroom to clean herself. She changed clothes in their bathroom. Then Terri used the library's computers to search for a job.

The plastic folder held three copies of her resume. Now, in front of Ms. White's office door, Terri dug out one of the single page resumes.

"Come," a female voice barked out when Terri gave a light rap on the door.

Terri opened the door and her heart plummeted. The attractive blonde seated behind the desk looked up from her computer screen and regarded Terri with her one eye.

"Shit," Terri breathed.

"That how you would talk to a client?" Pam White snapped. "With profanities?"

"No, I uh..." Terri stammered.

"Well? Get in here, close the door," Pam ordered.

Terri did as she was told. Pam pointed to one of the two chairs in front of her desk and Terri obediently took the seat. Pam stared at her for a long moment.

"Teh Ree Tree Chay," Pam said, slowly, deliberately.

Pam punctuated each syllable with a tap of her bright red fingernail onto the desk's top. Her one eye bored into Terri's face.

Terri said nothing. The blonde woman behind the desk continued to stare at the young applicant.

"Terri Triche. Of course, everyone else in your family pronounces it 'Triche' without the 'chay' at the end, but you're special, aren't you?" Pam smirked. "Of all the stuck up, snotty little bitches, Terri Triche comes waltzing into my office like she owns the place, like the world owes her something. Like her shit don't stink."

"I didn't..." Terri started to protest.

"Well? Going call me 'Squint?' Or, how about 'Popeye?'" Pam sneered.

"Pam, I'm sorry. It was just..." Terri started.

"Of course, my favorite? 'Cyclops.' Yes, that was my favorite," the woman said, round face twisted in a mask of raw pain.

"Pam, we just..." Terri weakly offered.

"Cyclops! A God damned monster!" Pam shrilled.

She stood up, leaning forward. She glared at the former high school cheerleader, the undeclared head of the cruel clique that used to roam the halls of Roselawn Academy in Myndee, Arkansas.

"Do I look like a monster?" Pam snarled. "Do I?"

"Right now? Yes you do," Terri wanted to say, wanted to scream.

Instead, Terri mutely shook her head. Pam continued to glare at the twenty one year old job applicant.

"Saw your resume. Oh yes, there were a few others, quite a few others. After all, we're an up and coming radio station," Pam said, almost cheerfully now. "Thought to myself, 'this bitch can't be serious, can she?' Have you seen your resume? It's a God damned joke. Eleven jobs in three years? Waitress, waitress, Convenience store, waitress, I mean, seriously? Seriously? And you think you're qualified to sell time on our station?"

"I uh, I mean..." Terri stammered.

"But I said, 'know what? Go ahead, interview her. If she's good enough, I can let bygones be bygones; it's for the station,'" Pam said, marching around her desk.

Pam plopped down into the other chair. Her pretty face was still red from anger. The velvet black eyepatch over her left eye socket contrasted with her straw colored blonde curls and normally quite pale complexion. Her nose was a button in the center of her round face and her light pink lips were full, pouting.

The few times Pamela White smiled, her smile was a lopsided smile, revealing more of the right side of her mouth, displaying her straight white teeth.

But Pam wasn't smiling. She sat, staring at Terri through her one blue eye.

"Well? Come on. Sell me. Sell me on why I should spend my advertising dollars on K. I. T. N. the Kitten that roars, instead of Ninety nine five K. L. R. V, the leader in rock, or Eagle twenty six or One oh one point one, K. S. T. P. the one stop for today's country?" Pam demanded.

Terri opened her mouth. Nothing would come out.

"God, you're pathetic," Pam said, getting to her feet. "No wonder I'm a misogynist. Its dumb cunts like you give women a bad name."

Pam pulled the hem of her pleated skirt down and marched around her desk again. She dropped into her seat and swiveled to face her computer monitor. She pointed toward the door of the office.

"See yourself out. The door's right there," she said.

Terri burst into sobs. Pam typed a few keystrokes, then turned and looked at the sobbing girl.

"Terri, you're not a salesperson," Pam said, almost gently. "If you, a beautiful blonde with huge boobs can't sell me yourself, how the hell are you going to sell time on our station? There's five other radio stations in Clarkston County. Two of us play alternative, hard rock, two play country, one plays Top Forty, and one plays Christian. Then there's two independent television stations, Channel Nineteen, where 'local' matters, and Blue Jay Twenty one out of the university."

"It's just, it's just..." Terri whimpered.

"And tears aren't going cut it," Pam continued. "A mom and pop venture only has x amount of dollars. They might feel sorry for you, but they still need to maximize their advertising dollars."

"I mean, Sammy's screwing that Mrs. Broussard and..." Terri wailed.

"Sammy? Sammy Brighton? One used to try pull my patch off?" Pam sneered.

She shook her blonde curls.

"Well, Honey, you're stupid enough screw him? You deserve whatever comes your way," Pam said. "But, like I said, door's right there. See yourself out."

"But I got nowhere go," Terri whimpered.

"Oh? And I should care, uh, why?" Pam smirked. "Voted 'most likely to succeed' and now the chickens have finally come home to roost, bitch. You're finally getting some of the shit you used to dish out, and I should care, why?"

"Pam, I am so sorry for all that shit," Terri sobbed. "Really. I mean, shit, it was just high school shit, you know?"

"It might have been 'just high school shit' to you, you hateful cunt," Pam snarled, voice a low menacing growl. "But to me? And to girls like Patty Ann? And Tamara? It was Hell. An endless God damned hell. It was a nightmare that just went on and on, day after day."

"We were just..." Terri wailed.

"Tamara tried to commit suicide," Pam snarled. You remember that? She just couldn't take any more of the it was just high school shit."

Terri remembered the morbidly obese girl trying to commit suicide. The branch of the tree had actually snapped, ruining the girl's attempt. Terri and her friends had laughed about that. And when Tamara had returned to school, after being released from the University Psychiatric Ward, Terri and her minions had mocked the girl for being so fat she broke a tree.

"Next time? Try hanging yourself from a bridge. Oh. Wait. You'd probably break that too," Terri had giggled to Tamara Owens.

"I would do anything make that up," Terri now sniffled.

"Oh no you wouldn't," Pam sneered. "You'd skip up, say 'gee, I'm so sorry, kiss kiss, now it's all good' and skip away. You'd never give a second thought to any of us."

"Pam, I swear to God, I am so sorry for all that," Terri said. "If I could make it up to you, and to Tamara, I would."

"You are not a salesperson," Pam said. "See? I want to believe you, but you can't even sell it to me."

"Pam I..." Terri whimpered.

"You are not a salesperson," Pam repeated. "You're just not. But need a maid. Mrs. Rodriguez just up and quit on me. 'I'm good Christian woman,' she says. What the hell does that even mean?"

"I'll do it," Terri said quickly.

"You won't like it," Pam said, again regarding Terri with her one eye. "I guarantee, I'll make damned sure you don't like it."

"Whatever it is," Terri said. "Like you said, the chickens have come home to roost. I'm getting some karma."

"I get off at five," Pam snapped.

"Meet you here?" Terri asked, wiping her eyes with the back of her hand.

"No. Pluto," Pam snapped. "Yes Terri, here. My car's the red BMW two door."

"I'll be here," Terri promised.

She smiled softly.

"Car's almost out of gas; can't go anywhere anyway," she joked.

"See? Now you're sitting there thinking we all the best of friends," Pam snapped.

"I, I'm not, I didn't," Terri stammered.

"Here, Jesus, go put some gas in your car; you're not getting into mine," Pam said, slapping a five dollar bill onto the desk.

"Thank you," Terri whispered and got to her feet.

"I promise you, Terri, you won't be thanking me for long," Pam again threatened.

Terri put five dollars' worth of gas into the car. At two ninety four, it was almost two gallons worth. Thankfully, she'd had a tune up performed just before losing her apartment and her job. She was getting roughly twenty three miles per gallon in the city.

Not that0 Myndee, Arkansas was much of a city. If it wasn't for the University, the town would have dried up, blown away years ago.

Terri returned to the library and went into the restroom. Again, she used the sink to sponge bathe herself. With a grimace, she used her dull disposable razor and shaved underarms and legs. She wanted to be quick about it; if anyone opened the door, anyone looking at the restroom would be able to see her as she stood in just bra and panties. But the dullness of the razor dictated that she be cautious.

Terri made sure she was again parked in front of the radio station when the clock on her dashboard clicked to four thirty pm. At five precisely, Pam White strode purposefully from the small radio station, eel skin briefcase in hand. A curt nod to Terri was the only indication that she'd seen the girl. A moment later, the BMW sports car pulled out of the parking lot. Terri followed.

Pam drove the car almost like a grandmother. Terri realized, that having only one eye, Pam had no depth perception, so drove with caution. Terri felt another twinge of conscience over her previous treatment of the girl.

They drove out of Myndee, to a section of Clarkston County that was unincorporated. Terri was grateful she'd put the gas in her car as she followed Pam down a few country roads.

Finally, Pam pulled onto a gravel drive and drove her car directly into a tall wooden barn. Terri parked her car slightly back, leaving enough room for Pam to maneuver out of the barn.

The house was a stone house, appearing to be solidly built, despite looking several decades old. Pam stepped out of the barn and pressed her key fob. The barn doors closed with a loud 'thunk.'

"God, this is beautiful, Pam," Terri said, looking around.

"The name, is Ms. White," Pam hissed deliberately.

"I, yes ma'am, I'm sorry, Ms. White," Terri immediately said.

Pam stood, glaring at Terri for a long moment, then nodded approval and led Terri to the front door of the house. The heavy wooden door swung open after Pam unlocked it. Pam entered and Terri looked around the dimly lighted living room. The furniture was heavy, dark. A single lamp glowed, offering minimal illumination. Pam continued through the living room to a hall. Terri silently followed.

"My bedroom," Pam snapped as they entered a large bedroom. "My bed is to be neatly made every morning after I've left for the day."

"Yes Pam, I mean, yes ma'am," Terri agreed.

"I eat, do you even know how to cook?" Pam asked.

"Yes Ms. White," Terri said. "I love..."

"I eat at five thirty every morning," Pam said, interrupting Terri's words.

"Five thir..! Yes, Ms. White," Terri said.

"My bathroom," Pam continued, showing Terri the doorway. ""Notice how there is a fresh towel, a fresh face cloth? That is how I like it."

Terri made a mental note as she peered into the large bathroom. The towel was neatly folded on top of a small wooden ledge, a washcloth placed in the center of the towel. She admired the large claw foot tub, the pedestal sink, the wooden hutch.

"It's beautiful," Terri said.

Pam regarded Terri for a long moment.

"It's beautiful, Ms. White," Terri amended.

"Thank you," Pam said tersely.

She marched out of the bedroom, Terri following.

"Your bedroom," Pam said, flinging open the door of a small bedroom.

Terri cast an appreciative eye at the small bed. It would certainly be more comfortable than the back seat of her car.

"Your bathroom," Pam said, opening a second door.

There was a shower stall, a small vanity and sink, and a small commode. Terri did notice how sparkling clean the two rooms were.

"Even though these are your rooms? This is my house," Pam snapped. "I expect your rooms to be clean, I expect them to be presentable any time I open this door."

"Yes ma'am, yes Ms. White," Terri agreed.

"You will also do all shopping; I will be giving you a card for that," Pam snapped as she now marched into the kitchen.

"Yes Ms. White," Terri agreed.

"We will not share meals," Pam said. "We are not friends, we are not buddies, we are not pals. I am the employer; you are the employee. You will eat after my dishes have been cleared away and I have left the dining room."

"Yes, Ms. White," Terri agreed.

"Minimum wage is eight fifty an hour," Pam snapped. "You will be earning eight seventy five an hour, for forty hours a week."

"Better than I made with... Yes Ms. White," Terri agreed.

"Here is your Employee Handbook," Pam said, slapping a plastic three ring binder into Terri's hands. "Please note that I deal with any and all infractions very harshly."

"Yes Ms. White," Terri said, testing the weight of the handbook.

"Any questions?" Pam snapped.

"Ma'am? When would you like your dinner?" Terri asked.

"Since it is your first day? As soon as you can. After today? No later than six thirty," Pam said.

"Yes ma'am," Terri said and immediately began searching the cabinets of the large kitchen.

At six forty nine, Terri quietly entered the small living room where Pam was sitting, listening to an audio book. Pam paused the book and regarded Terri.

"Dinner, Ms. White," Terri quietly announced.

Her jobs as waitress had taught Terri a few skills. She waited until Pam was seated, then placed a salad bowl in front of Pam. She silently indicated the four bottles of salad dressing. Pam selected one and Terri walked out of the dining room carrying the other three bottles.

After five minutes, just when Pam was about to call for her, Terri came in with a plate.

Terri said nothing, just took the salad bowl from in front of Pam, and placed the dinner plate in front of Pam. She also grabbed the one remaining bottle of salad dressing.

Pam stifled a moan of pleasure as she chewed the pork chop. The roasted vegetables were also delicious. She sipped her iced tea and continued to eat.

Terri came in, refilled Pam's glass and left the room.

"There is decaf coffee; would you like a cup of that with your dessert, Ms. White?" Terri quietly asked as Pam was finishing the last of the roasted vegetables.

"There's, you made dessert?" Pam asked, swiveling to see Terri.

"Yes ma'am, I'm sorry," Terri said, stepping closer so that Pam could more easily see her. 

"The decaf coffee would be fine, Terri," Pam said.

"Cream? Sugar?" Terri asked.

"No, black," Pam said.

"Very good," Terri said.

A moment later, Terri appeared, carrying a still warm cake with whipped cream topping. She quietly placed plate and mug in front of Pam.

"Thank you, Terri," Pam called out a moment later.

Terri heard the scraping of the dining room chair and bustled into the dining room. She gathered the dish and mug.

Then Terri ravenously ate her own dinner. It had been sheer torture, ignoring her own plate of food as she served her employer. Then the blonde bitch had dawdled almost endlessly over her cake and coffee.

Pam went to her bedroom and closed the door. She stripped out of that day's clothing and paused to admire herself in her full length mirror.

Her hair was naturally curly, and as the thicket between her legs testified, was naturally blonde. Her one eye was a crystal blue, large, expressive.

Her breasts were a 32DD, with large light pink areolae and fat nipples. Her belly was hard from years of exercising and her legs were also muscled.

Her buttocks, she'd always felt, were just a little too large, but her last girlfriend had claimed that her butt was a work of art.

Giving herself one last look, Pam pulled her silk shift on and crawled into bed. She switched on her television, adjusted her pillows, and lay back to watch CNN.

Dinner tonight had been wonderful, perfect. Despite a late start to the preparation, Terri had managed to serve the meal very nearly on time.

And the dessert had been a wonderful treat. Pam knew she'd have to skip lunch tomorrow and go to the gym. But each bite of the delicious treat had been so worth the thirty to forty minutes she'd have to put in.

Pam reached between her legs and combed her fingers through her thick pubic hair. She was sure that, somehow, Terri would manage to screw up. The lazy girl would oversleep, be late serving breakfast. 

Pam's fingers sought out her wet slit. She rubbed up and down her rubbery pussy lips.

Terri would oversleep, would rush through preparing breakfast. Then, as she served burnt toast and excuses, Pam would bind Terri over one of the dining room chairs. She would tie Terri's wrists to the front legs of the chair. This would bend the girl over the rail of the chair, would bend the girl deliciously, would force Terri to stick that beautiful rear end out. Pam would ignore Terri's protests and roughly jerked Terri's jeans and panties down to bunch up around Terri's ankles.
