 With warm thanks to Grace for editing an earlier version of this story, and to Kathy for inspiration.




It wasn't exactly an orgy. Rather, it wasn't only an orgy. Bill and Grace hosted a weekly Saturday night poker and sex party, always inviting three other couples. Sex and poker were the evenings' main activities, with the poker giving the guys something to do between the rounds of sex. 

There were several couples they regularly invited, including Jim & Sue (an ex-model who was jaw dropping pretty) and Henry & Jamie (who was hot beyond belief). But one Saturday evening, just before they all parted, Bill quietly asked Jim and Henry what they thought about him inviting, next time, a really nice new employee who had just joined his company. Jim and Henry thought it was a wonderful idea. Without checking with their wives, the next day Bill invited his beautiful red haired co-worker, Linda, for the following week, after telling her that group sex would be involved. Linda was an avid poker player and, after checking with her wife, Kathy, a ravishing blond who did not play poker, she accepted.



The next Saturday evening, after everyone gathered at Bill & Grace's house, Linda went back with the guys to a room on the far side of the house to play poker while Kathy went to the living room with the other wives. As soon as they finished with introductions Kathy asked, "What to you do while they play poker?"

Before answering her question Grace interjected, "You do know about the sex, don't you? That's the main point of the evening."

"Yes. I certainly do."

"Just wanted to be sure. To answer your question, while the guys play cards we talk, eat, drink, serve them food and drinks, and start watching a movie. After a while they find an excuse to have us give them blow jobs, claiming someone won the right to pick one of us in the card game. We each blow someone other than our husband."

"I assume they go down on you first? Being men, they wouldn't be very good at going down on you if you blow them first."

The 3 wives looked at one another with embarrassment. "Actually, they don't go down on us at all." replied Sue. "Just blow jobs for them. First the winner picks his girl while we all watch, and then the rest do it. Just blow jobs. Then they go back for more poker." 

Jamie then continued. "Then they play poker for a while, until they recover enough for round two."

Kathy smiled. "And during this time you...."

"We talk - often about them - and eat, drink, and bring them snacks, and watch a movie."

"And then?"

"Then the real fun begins. They come here again, except that instead of blowjobs, we all fuck, each of us fucking someone we didn't blow, and of course someone other than our husband."

"OK. I knew there would be sex involved, but didn't know the details. But I'm certainly game for it. Linda likes playing poker, and we both really like sex."

There was a silence. Finally Grace spoke. "But... you and Linda are both ... girls!"

Kathy smiled warmly. "I'm so glad you noticed."

"But... Well, for one thing, you'll have to blow and then get fucked by a guy."

"Fine! I've done it lots of times. Although doing it with guys isn't my first choice, I really like it. In fact, I used to be straight. 100& straight."

Jamie looked surprised, and then added, "And... one of us would have to blow ... I mean, go down on... Linda... and later another of us would have to... ahhhh... let her... I guess, get on top and..." She trailed off, not finishing her sentence.

"Get on top of one of you and make love to you? Lucky girl!" replied Kathy. "Linda's a fantastic lover. And isn't she pretty? She'll grind her pussy on yours until you almost pass out with pleasure. She'll make one of you scream louder than a man ever did, I guarantee it." 

A startled Sue replied, "But....we're all straight. None of us have ever done anything with a girl before."

"None of you?"

All nodded.

"Have any of you ever thought about it? Here you are, three beautiful women, sexy as can be, adventurous and open minded, who all have orgy sex in the same room. You must have thought about it. Right?"

(silence.)



"Well, you're in for a real treat. Tonight will be the best night of your lives! I'm going to be the catalyst who changes your lives forever. Remember, I used to be straight too. As straight as any of you."

"But, I don't think that...." said Sue, and the others murmured and nodded.

Kathy interjected, "Please, please, let's take it slowly, from the beginning. Whose idea was it to invite us to your card & sex party?"

"The guys" answered all three at once.

"Naturally. They wanted to get their rocks off by seeing lesbian action. So they invited lesbians to introduce their wives to Sapphic pleasures. They wanted to watch Linda and me make love to you, and they also hope that in the future they could watch you going down on each other. All for the men's viewing pleasure. Did they ask you before inviting us?"

The girls were silent.

"So they did it only for their gratification, regardless whether you wanted it? My gosh, girls, why do you let them be in charge like this? Its only natural that women be in charge, not men! You blow them but they don't eat you. They expect you to serve them food and drinks and to wait for them until they recharge. They want you to make love with each other, but it goes without saying the guys wouldn't blow or fuck each other, and they would never, ever, invite 2 gay guys here. Right?"

More silence, accompanied by vigorous head nods.

"Look, you should be really embarrassed at all this and also that one of them gets their pick of any of you, rather than one of you getting your pick of the guys! Consider yourselves busted for all this. Really busted! You girls need to be liberated and enlightened."

More silence.

"But I'm not surprised by any of it. Most guys really get off on girls making it with each other, and few want to fuck another guy, except of course guys that are gay. 

But you know something? They actually did you a favor, even though they didn't mean to. I'm saying this because I really think that, in truth, inside, almost all girls are actually bisexual or lesbian in their hearts. Even though most girls are conditioned by society to think they are straight, and won't admit even to themselves all of what turns them on."

Now the three girls were listening especially attentively.

"As I said, I used to be straight, and came like crazy when I fucked guys, or let them fuck me. I never even thought about making it with a girl. Like most women I did think girls are pretty, in fact beautiful. Right? (All 3 nodded.) And of course I thought girls felt so much softer, smoother, and that no body hair was great. Am I right? (All 3 nodded) Thought so - that's perfectly normal. I also thought that breasts were sexy, in fact the embodiment of sex. (More nods) Again, its perfectly natural for women to think that girls are pretty and that breasts are sexy.

But I had no desire to make love to a woman. That is, until I had a bad breakup with a guy and... well, it's a long story, but the short version is that I was seduced by a girl. A tender seduction, with wine, soft lights and music, flowers, everything. I know it sounds corny, but it was sooooo romantic... Anyway, I discovered I liked making love with girls. A lot. Much more than I liked fucking guys. In fact, I haven't been back to guys since then. 

But when your husbands invited us I decided I wouldn't mind fucking some guys again, just for a change of pace.

You three are -- forgive me for being blunt -- so naive, so unliberated, so conditioned by our culture, so afraid to think outside the box that society put you in. So willing to settle for good lovemaking that you could be missing out on great lovemaking - and better love. So timid that you let them be in charge, even though if you took charge and took a chance, you might find the best lovemaking ever, with sexual and emotional rewards that could blow your minds! Haven't all of you at least kissed a girl before?"

The girls unfroze and looked a bit nervous. Finally Grace replied. "Well, for me, it depends what you mean by "kiss"? Jamie and Sue nodded vigorously. "There's kissing, and then there's kissing...."

Looking at Grace, Kathy answered. "Let me show you what I mean by kissing." Kathy looked at Grace with bedroom eyes, and lowered her voice. "Let's take it slowly and gently." She stared at Grace while the other girls watched. Slowly Kathy moved her head towards Grace. When she got really close she closed her eyes, as did Grace, and finally Kathy kissed her lightly. Then slightly more solidly, then more so, then more passionately, while Sue and Jamie watched. Eventually Kathy and Grace embraced, wrapping their arms around one another in a full, long, sweet romantic kiss. Sue and Jamie just stared, until Jamie instinctively put her hand on Sue's hand, who in turn squeezed Jamie's hand. After a few minutes Kathy broke off the kiss and, still holding Grace, whispered, "How was it?"

Grace breathed in and out a few times before answering. "It was great! Great! You are... a great kisser.... Even better than Bill." Jamie and Sue laughed, so Grace added, "And also better than Jim or Henry." At this, Jamie and Sue laughed even more, and started making wisecracks about their husbands' prowess - or lack of prowess - as kissers and lovers. Finally the girls settled down.

"Thanks, Grace. You're also a great kisser. But maybe in part that's because we both have a tremendous advantage over the guys. Because we're girls. Not that every girl is a great kisser, not at all, or that every guy is a bad kisser. But we do have natural advantages which some of us know how to use. Softer lips, no scratchy beards, a more tender nature, more patience, more likely to be sensitive to what our partner wants, and to want our partner to receive pleasure. Now, Grace, could you please show Sue the incredible pleasure that can come from a girl's kisses, while I show Jamie?"

They each spent what seemed like hours doing this, and then Jamie eagerly proposed a trade. She sweetly embraced Grace, while Sue turned towards Kathy. Their lessons in the art of girl kissing continued for a long time, until Kathy decided their first lesson was over. "Well - how was it?

All 3 nodded their heads enthusiastically, exclaiming that girls were indeed much better kissers than guys.

"You ain't seen nothing yet. Now I'm going to show you why making out with a girl - and by making out I much mean much more than just kissing and embracing- also is even better than making out with a guy.

Because when you make out with most guys, after the first kiss, he usually goes straight for your breasts, which we certainly like. But with another girl, not only does she kiss better, but usually she kisses, licks, and caresses you longer, all over, before she gets to your breasts. In addition, and best of all ... she has breasts too! You also get to caress and kiss breasts! And you both usually take it more gradually, more gently, more in tune with what the other wants. You get more patience, sweetness and romance, plus her sexy breasts. Its fantastic. You'll see! Shall we try it first, Grace?"

After listening to Kathy, Grace, Sue and Jamie each immediately became acutely aware of their own and each others' breasts. While each had of course checked out the others many times before, they knew this time was different. Happily they resumed their lessons.

_____________

The card game went on until Bill announced it was time to play the "special hand". Bill explained what this meant to Linda: "Whoever wins this hand will get a blow job, the first blow job of the evening, by the girl of their choice." Linda smiled at the mention of "blow job", and started to say something, but instead just nodded, and Bill dealt the cards. As soon as each had their cards, Jim folded his hand, signifying he had lost. So did Henry, and then Bill. They all looked at Linda. 

"Congratulations, Linda. You get the first blow job. Err, I mean, one of the girls will go down on you first. You get to pick which one." Linda was sure the men let her win the hand so they could watch one of their wives go down on her, but she was happy to go along with the outcome.

At that the four card players went downstairs towards the living room. But when they got part way there they heard moaning, which became louder as they approached. Since it was obvious what was going on, they hurried and opened the door. They found the girls in a daisy chain, with Kathy eating Sue, who was eating Grace, who was eating Jamie, who was eating Kathy.

The 4 poker players froze and, seeing them, Grace looked up and said firmly. "Linda can join us. But only Linda. No guys allowed." 

Bill responded, "But Linda won the special hand. The rules are that whoever wins the special hand gets to be the first to pick a girl to go down on them...."

Jamie interrupted Bill. "Those are your rules. From now on the girls will be in charge. We're going to make the rules. And if you don't obey us, you'll get no sex at all."

Jamie quickly added, "You guys wanted to see girl on girl action, and we're happy to oblige. But that's all that going to happen sexually tonight. You'll get a view, but nothing else."

Sue added, "Unless you guys want to blow each other. Or fuck each other. But no pussy for you tonight. Just cock. Unless you blow or fuck each other for our amusement. Any guy that blows or fucks another guy, or gets blown or fucked by another guy, will get some pussy. But that's the only way you're getting any pussy tonight."

Seeing how the guys froze at these suggestions, Grace added with a grin: "If you don't want to blow or fuck each other, you can do a circle jerk. If you jerk each other off, we'll give you the privilege of jerking us off!"

Jamie laughed. "Since we're in such a good mood, we'll let you watch while we make sweet, tender, passionate love with each other. You can each take out your cock and jerk off while we make crazy, wild love over and over."

Stunned, the 3 guys meekly sat down and looked on with envy as Linda stripped and joined the group. 

Linda tried to join the daisy chain, but instead the girls found another way to welcome her. Grace dove for her pussy, beating out Sue and Jamie, who instead each made love to a breast. Kathy, happy at the progress of her protégées, lovingly kissed Linda, who looked up at her as if to say, "Well done".

Soon Linda was moaning, then screaming uncontrollably. Each guy looked on, mesmerized with jealousy. Each wishing they could be Linda. Finally Bill took off his pants and started to jerk himself off. Seeing this, and realizing it was the best they were going to do that evening, Henry and Jim each did the same. As the guys had predicted, the sight of lesbian sex turned them on immensely. Each came quickly. But the girls ignored the guys' jerk offs and kept on going. After a while the guys put their pants back on and left the room. With their tails between their legs, they silently resumed playing cards while the girls continued to explore their newly found pleasures. 

_________________________

After these events the Saturday night sessions changed completely. As Kathy predicted, Grace, Jamie and Sue all decided they liked making love with other women. Like religious converts or reformed smokers, they embraced their new realization with zest. The next Saturday evening they again made love with each other while the guys watched and jerked off. This led to tension because the guys wanted to join in. But the girls insisted that before the guys could get pussy, they first blow, fuck, or jerk each other off. But the guys refused. 

During the heated discussion that followed they came up with a compromise. They would increase their get-togethers to 2 nights a week. One would be devoted completely to girl/girl lovemaking. The other night the girls would do it with the guys and, while the guys were re-charging, with each other.

So on Wednesdays the girls fucked the guys as before, except that before the girls gave them blow jobs, the guys went down on the girls. In addition, instead of waiting while the card players recharged, the girls made love with each. 

On Saturdays the guys still got together to play cards. But the girls got together at Jamie's house for lesbian lovemaking. For these Saturday night sessions Jamie invited - and initiated into Sapphic love - the wives or girlfriends of whoever went to the poker game. And other friends and friends of friends. Jamie used her smoking hot body and devilish personality to full advantage, and quickly developed into an unbelievable recruiter and seducer of women. Often there would be a dozen women at the Saturday night lovemaking sessions.

What eventually happened to Bill, Jim, and Henry? They wanted their wives to try lesbian sex, and in this respect they got their wishes. Big time!!

What happened to Jamie, Grace, and Sue? Sue is really happy with the new situation - sex with guys and girls on Wednesdays, only lesbian love on Saturdays. She decided she liked being in charge of her husband Jim and - well, that could be the subject of its own story.

For a while Jamie and Grace continued going to the Wednesday night sessions and seducing as many "straight" women there as possible. However, they soon decided that fucking guys was boring, so they stopped going to the Saturday night sessions and started going off with each other instead. First they would go out to a romantic dinner, and later to one of their homes. They made mindblowing love with each other, finding passion their marriages had never even hinted could exist. 

It wasn't just that, more and more, Jamie and Grace preferred Sapphic lovemaking. They were starting to fall in love with each other. They soon decided they wanted to make love only with each other. Gradually Grace and Jamie realized they had gotten to the stage of their lives where they wanted monogamy, and that they would be happiest with another woman. And not just any woman. Jamie and Grace divorced their husbands, married each other, and lived happily ever after.

____________________________________

The moral of the story if you're a guy: Never invite lesbians to your orgy, your wifeswap, your group sex. You'll be sorry. Really, really sorry. 

The moral of the story if you're a girl: Definitely invite lesbians. You'll be really, really happy.