 Authors' notes:

First it's important to note, this is not a work of fiction. It's the true story of my wife's and my life. Therefore some parts of the story don't have the perfect sexual fantasy fulfillment that you might be looking for. However, our truth is still very erotic it's my hope that our readers will find the real story more powerful and sexually satisfying that just a dream.

Second, Initially this was my solo writing project, but as my wife, Ann, read she became very interested in sharing her side of the story. So like everything else we do in life, we worked together on the project. She's generously gone back through the story and add her thoughts and experiences. When Ann added her diary to mine, a much more vivid tale of how my wife's lesbian tendencies where stronger than I'd ever imagined became clear. It also became clear that she was by every measure of the word a slut, and I loved her all the more for it.

Obviously this is an erotic story, but it's also our true love story and it's our hope that the reader can take away more than just a story about sex. 

CHAPTER 1: Baking a Vanilla life (by Mac)

My 6'4" frame comfortably held my 260-pound muscular body. Combine my hulking size with a command presence, a gift from a brief stint in the military. Mixed in a heavy dose of "I don't give a fuck about what other's think of me", complements of my cowboy upbringing and I was perfectly suited for the career I'd carved out in Computer Systems Security and Quality Control.

My wife on the other hand, literally had Spanish royalty running though her veins. Her beautiful 5'10" athletically chiseled body allowed her perfectly round ass to sway with an air of dignity that the Kardashian's could never hope to achieve.

Our young whirlwind romance happened so fast that it could have been a lifetime channel drama. Two teens go on a single date. A date that ends in a marriage proposal and within weeks we were just another hastily married, teenage couple probably destined for failure. 

But by dumb luck it turned out that we were incredibly compatible as people. Our conservative Christian political beliefs aligned our worldview together. We both loved sci-fi and cutting edge technology. And probably most importantly we were both interested in learning. So, even though we married in high school, we continued directly into college without so much as a speedbump in our path.

Through college and our early career's our sex life was good, or it was at least plentiful. Our puritan upbringing didn't really educate up much more than the missionary position, but we certainly got a lot of mileage out of that.

But after 10 years of marriage, our religion devotion had evaporated and our career trajectories began to arch in different directions. Although our hearts were very much still entangled our work required us to be apart for longer and longer durations of time.

When life on the road first began to put a strain on our relationship we turned to phone sex. Being forced to verbalize our desires was difficult. I found myself talking about how much I enjoyed sucking her c-cup breasts and running my fingers through her long, wavy brown hair that extended down to her perfectly shaped ass. We'd been married so long and our routine so redundant that these descriptions weren't particularly erotic, but we were actually good friends and enjoyed talking to each other, so rather than become awkward dead ends to conversations, they actually became an interesting starting point to a real dialog about sex and what our interests and limits where.

Early on in our conversations we'd established that neither of us could bear the thought of our partner being touched by someone of the opposite sex. So, a typical open relationship wasn't going to be an option. However, when I mentioned in a playful and very reluctant manner that I would not be opposed to her kissing a girl, she didn't immediately object. Although she didn't come across as particularly excited by the idea either. 

Still, with nothing else interesting to talk about we continued the flirty game of who we knew that she'd be willing to kiss. Though she assured me she didn't have anything against the idea of kissing a girl, she couldn't give me a single name. The only thing I got was a few embarrassed giggles and a promise that no one came to mind. 

The thought of my wife kissing another girl, ANY GIRL, made me horny as hell, but it was getting late and I was beginning to fear I might be pushing this conversation from the erotic into the weird. Finally, I relented and gave her my good nights, but before letting her off the line I playfully dangled the challenge for her to come up with a name before we talked again. She agreed to at least think about it, but wouldn't make commit to coming up with an actual name.

CHAPTER One: Ann's View

As my husband's job required him to leave town more and more, I began to throw myself into my work. I'd always been the kind of person who enjoyed going out to dinners, movies, hikes and just exploring, but with Mac away it just felt wrong. The thought of cheating had never crossed my mind. How could it cross my mind, I felt guilty about even THINKING about enjoying a movie alone, while he was working in another town. For two years, my entire social life consisted of nightly conversations with Mac, then I would go straight back to work and stay focused on that until I fell asleep.

This night was different though. Tonight, Mac had dared me to think about kissing another girl. Even though I'd been embarrassed by his question he wouldn't leave it alone and made me promise to continue to think about it. So rather than bury myself back in work, I poured myself a drink, climbed onto my bed and allowed my imagination flow to all the places I'd always considered taboo.

Although I'd say that I'd never had lesbian tendencies, I had always been an admirer of women's bodies. I especially found breasts to be beautiful and I'd often stare at a nice pair of breasts from time to time. So my imagination started from that point, "Who did I know that had beautiful breasts that I'd like to see, and possibly touch as my lips gently kissed her's."

My mind quickly locked onto a neighbor of mine. A beautiful Middle Eastern woman, she's a belly dance teacher, with amble breasts that were always straining against her shirts as if demanding to be set free. Within just minutes I went from thinking about kissing her to masturbating while imagining that I was sucking her amazing breasts. It wasn't until I exploded with passion and I laid on the bed with cum still dripping from my pussy that I realized I had just had my first serious lesbian fantasy... AND I'D LOVED IT!

Although I talked to my husband the very next day, I didn't bring up what had happened because he didn't bring up sex. When he brought up the topic a few days later he tried to make it sound casual, but I could tell by the excitement in his voice, he'd been wondering if I'd come up with a girl I would be willing to kiss.

Just as casually as he'd brought it up, I said I'd thought about it a little and had decided, if given a choice, I would kiss our Belly Dance Instructor neighbor. His excitement was cute and he pushed me for details of my fantasy. More than happy to share with him I gave him details on my imagining licking her large nipples. I even told him I masturbated to the thought. What I left out was that I'd fantasied several times a night, every night since then, and it wasn't just about sucking her tits at that point. 

CHAPTER 2: Getting her to act (By Mac)

A few days after we'd talked about the idea of her with a woman, I decided to again broach the topic. She'd not mentioned it since and I was a little afraid of alienating my wife with some weird fetish that I had might turn her off and drive her away in the midst of a possible relationship crisis. After all, I was gone for months at a time and she'd already hinted at being lonely more than once.

When I did get the nerve to ask if she'd thought of a girl she'd consider kissing, she was quick to name one of our neighbor's. A married dance instructor, who's clothes were always very revealing. 

Ann's voice betrayed a much greater excitement than I'd expected and by the time she'd finished the story I was rock hard and stroking myself as she gave a description of her mouth filled with giant areolas.

Hearing my wife's voice filled with such excitement as she described her fantasy made my head feel light and drunk, but the spell was quickly broken as she seemed to realize that her enthusiasm had become full blown passion. "Well... It was just a little fantasy, it wasn't something I wasn't really considering or anything." , she said somberly

I wanted to instantly crush the insecurity I heard slip into her voice as she dialed back the tone of her description. "You know I don't want you to be lonely babe, and I'm very comfortable with the idea of you being with a woman. I'm not saying you have to run out and find a relationship right now, but if you wanted something like that I'm really open to the idea."

She was quiet for a moment. A moment that became awkwardly long and for a moment I'd considered that I misread her and was pushing her in a direction she was uncomfortable with. Fortunately, she finally broke the silence when she hesitantly murmured, "I'm not even sure where to start on meeting a girl?"

Relief and excitement swept over me as I felt we were still in sync as a couple. "I don't know either I responded, but I'm sure the internet has some sites for meeting other girls in the city." I could hear clicking on her keyboard in the background and I was pleasantly surprised when she quickly announced, "Yeah, there's actually a lot of places on the internet. I found a page of just personal ads to meet girls!"

Not wanting to loose the momentum I encouraged her efforts, "See, I bet you can meet someone that's as curious as you are." A cute perkiness had entered her voice now, "Maybe she exclaimed. I guess we'll have to wait and see."

I flirted playfully with her for a few more minutes before we wrapped up our nightly call. It's weird that I was encouraging my wife to explore a sexual relationship with another person, but I suddenly felt more secure about our relationship. For several months, I'd fretted about the possibility that my wife might consider having an affair on me, but now I was encouraging it? Physically I really didn't mind if she was with another woman. Emotionally I knew having an affair was having an affair, and I ran the risk of losing her anyway, maybe the relief was that I felt I could emotionally deal with her being with a woman, or maybe because I didn't feel like I we had secrets now so that gave me some security. 

CHAPTER 2: Getting her to act (By Ann)

I'd already looked at the personal online ads several times before Mac had even mentioned checking the internet. I'd even already picked out several potential meetings, but I was afraid to let Mac know I was so into this endeavor that I was already way ahead of him. However, now that he'd brought it up, I felt brave enough to take the next step and within moments I'd sent off a few messages inviting several of the girls to meet.

One was a wife, who like me, had a husband constantly on the road. A very pretty blonde, in her mid 40's she'd spent money on breast implants, Botox and was a gym enthusiast. Pictures of her enormous breasts made my mouth water and I so badly wanted to touch her, taste her.

Within moments I was quickly rewarded with a positive response and we arranged to meet the next night, just outside of town, at an Indian casino bar, a place we were sure neither of us would be known. Time seemed to drag by the next day, but finally the clock hit 5 and I was out of work like a bullet out of a gun. I entered the dark bar and looked around into the darkness. I didn't see anyone who matched the description, but I was early, so I took a secluded booth in the corner. I didn't wait long before my cellphone pinged with a text message from her, Share36. She found me in the corner and her beauty was every bit as advertised in her photos. 

Drinks were ordered and our initial conversation was very nervous. Unlike me, she'd decided to do all of this completely on the down low. Her husband had no clue and she was feeling a bit of guilt. But as the alcohol kicked in, and our inhibitions lowered, our conversation quickly turned sexual. Her loose, button up blouse easily betrayed the fact that wasn't wearing a bra and when I mentioned my admiration for them she playfully unsnapped a button and made an offer of one of them. The early weekday meant the bar was pretty much empty and not a single person noticed as I slid next to her, pulled the breast from her blouse and began to suck it. 

Share36, inhaled deeply when my tongue began to circle her nipple. "GOD, that feels so good!" she exclaimed, pulling my face tighter to her breast. I licked hungrily, sucking and fondling them in my hands. My pussy was soaked, I was completely into her. When she finally pulled back we looked into each other's eyes for a moment before for I said, "Other than my husband, I've not kissed another person in more than 10 years, and I've not even kissed him in months." Her lips were suddenly pressing against mine, pressing them apart as her tongue entered my mouth. She explored my mouth and I could taste the alcohol she'd been drinking as I began to suck her tongue.

I wanted all of this woman and I had no reservations about doing anything she wanted, so when she pulled back from me and told me, "I've never touched a woman's..." She hesitated shyly, unable to say the words pussy or vagina or whatever she was thinking, "but I was always wanted to." She continued. I placed her hand on my thy, just below the hemline of my short skirt. "Go ahead, " I said, "I'm not even wearing panties." 

She froze and for a moment. Terror filled her eyes, "Your not?" She stammered. "No," I confidently replied. Softening my tone even more, "I am all yours."

Slowly, hands trembling she began to slide her hand up my inner thigh. I continued to gaze into her eyes. My pussy had become so wet that she quickly began to feel the wet cum that had begun to ooze down the inside of my legs. Steadily she continued, finding my pussy lips and without hesitation continuing to pass right through them with several of her fingers. 

The sensation of being violated by a stranger, a woman who's name I didn't even know was literally breathtaking. I gasped for air as she continued deeper and deeper until three fingers were completely buried in me. Our eyes remained locked as her other hand slid up to my throat and firmly grabbed hold. She withdrew her other hand and quickly slammed it back into my drenched pussy. Again I gasped and grabbed the table edge with both hands as she began to relentlessly pound my pussy over and over again. Her eyes were filled with lust, a crazy lust, but also an angry disgust. The look didn't bother me, in fact I felt even more turned on. I didn't know this woman, I didn't care what she thought, as long as she kept pounding my pussy I would do anything she wanted.

I stretched my legs wide for her and she violently jammed her tongue into my mouth. She kept shoving her tongue deeply into my throat and the pulled it out, keeping rhythm with the trusts she made shoving her hand into my pussy. Within moments my orgasm built and I thrusted my hips harder against her hand as it shoved into me. 

When the waves of orgasm finally subsided she slowly removed her tongue from my mouth and pulled her hand from under my skirt. Total disgust and anger filled her eyes and without a word she shot up from the table and began to walk away.

I quickly pulled myself together and chased her into the parking lot. Catching up with her at her SUV I begged, "What happened? What did I do wrong?" For a moment, her anger softened and I took the opportunity to press against her, gently kissing her lips. She gave in for a moment and gently kissed me back, but then suddenly drew away. 

"I'm a bad wife." She exclaimed. "NO!" I said back, trying to show compassion I reached to caress her face. "And you're a whore!" she blurted out, her disgust and anger again overtaking her.

I step back at the harshness of her words. They were clearly meant to be hurtful, but I wasn't hurt. I didn't know this woman, I didn't even know her name. She was right, I was basically a whore, but I didn't particularly find that offensive. If she felt bad about what just happened, that was on her.

Without a second thought, I simply turned and walked away. I'd had a wonderful evening, and I wasn't going to let this bitch's bad attitude spoil my day. On the way home my cellphone rang, showing my husband's number Asian number on my car's display. I picked up his call and with a fresh enthusiasm said, "good morning baby. How'd you sleep?"

To be continued...