 The Real Life Diary of an All American Housewife who became a true lesbian slut. (Part 2)

*

Authors' notes:

Again, this is not a work of fiction. I understand some can't believe such events actually happen in real life, especially those that have taken place in public. It's fine if you don't believe it, there was a time in my life I would not have believed my good, little Christian wife and myself could have travelled this path either. 

Still, It's the true story of my wife's and my life. Therefore some parts of the story don't have the perfect sexual fantasy fulfillment that you might be looking for. However, our truth is still very erotic it's my hope that our readers will find the real story more powerful and sexually satisfying that just a dream.

Second, Initially this was my solo writing project, but as my wife, Ann, read she became very interested in sharing her side of the story. So like everything else we do in life, we worked together on the project. She's generously gone back through the story and add her thoughts and experiences. When Ann added her diary to mine, a much more vivid tale of how my wife's lesbian tendencies where stronger than I'd ever imagined became clear. It also became clear that she was by every measure of the word a slut, and I loved her all the more for it.

Obviously this is an erotic story, but it's also our true love story and it's our hope that the reader can take away more than just a story about sex. 

Chapter 1 First Time Out (by Mac)

Over the next few days my wife and I talked at length about her adventure, and I never failed to masturbate myself to a climax before she reached the end of her story. In fact each time she told the story she seemed to describe it with more passion and excitement. It was clear that this was something she was very much into and was looking forward to her next rendezvous. Unfortunately, as the weekend approached, her online searches were unproductive and it was becoming clear that she wasn't going to have anything lined up.

Despite that fact she was still was motivated to try to have another encounter, of course I admit that I was doing my part to encourage her. Quitting time rolled around on Friday, and she wasted no time in proceeding to the nearest lesbian bar. It was barely 5:00pm and, outside of the woman tending bar, the place was empty. I knew this because she was sitting at the bar texting me a play by play of events.

We text about what we hoped would happen and it was clear by the text she was sending that she was already very horny. Like her previous trip out she wore no panties, this was about sex, not forming a relationship, and she wanted to sex to get to the physical aspect as quickly as possible.

I was about to suggest she might leave for dinner and come back later, when she suddenly text me that a woman, from across the bar, had sent her a drink over. I was surprised as she'd said the bar was empty and asked how long the woman had been there. My wife responded that she'd seen her come in earlier, but that she was an unremarkable, late 30's/early 40's woman, and she wasn't particularly interested, so she hadn't given her any notice.

"Are you going to accept her drink?", I enquirer. "I don't know. Should I?" She responses. "Are you interested in her at all?" I asked. "I'm ambivalent ." My wife responded. "She's not bad, just okay tits, but she's a little butch, which isn't my favorite" My advice was that if no one else is there she mind as well have a little company. Besides, she could always tell her she was waiting for a friend, and blow her off at anytime.

Chapter 2 An Irrelevant connection (by Ann)

The lesbian bar was not the sexy, woman filled sex den that I'd imagined. Instead it was a dirty, little dive bar that had nothing to distinguish it from any other low end tavern. I smiled and raised he glass to the woman who'd sent it over. Before I finished the sip she had moved across the room and settled into the barstool next to me. She struck up the conversation by mentioning that she'd not seen me here before. I told her it was first time. And explained that I was texting some friends in hopes that they would join me. , I wanted her to know that while I didn't want to be rude I'd planned on continuing my texting. She smiled and said that my texting didn't annoy her at all.

My husband continued to want a play by play and so I casually text him details of her. Late 30's, maybe early 40's. Blonde hair, cut short and similar to a man's style. Not thin, but not fat either, she had a strong build, like a manual laborer. Her skin was tanned and it was clear that she was the out door, hiking/camping kind of woman. Up close her medium sized breasts displayed enough cleavage to make me raise an eyebrow.

It didn't take long before her hands where on me. At first just little, playful maneuvers, gently brushing the hair away from my face. An almost imperceptible touch on the back of my hand. While I didn't discourage her, I still didn't show any signs of being particularly interested either.

Mac continued to ask what was happening and I told him she was clearly into me in a very sexual way, but that I was genuinely ambivalent about it. She didn't excite me, nor did she repulse me. I did feel comfortable with her and didn't mind her flirtation at all. In fact it was kind of enduring.

"Then you should have sex with her." Mac replied. "What???" I text back. "How did we get from I'm not interested, to having sex with this woman?" "You didn't say you were NOT interested, you said you didn't care either way. So if you don't care then your vote is neutral. She's obviously voting for you to have sex with her. My vote is for you to have sex with her. That's two votes for sex and one for basically abstaining. So the 'have sex' vote wins!" I took a long drink of my MaiTai and considered it. True, I didn't feel a burning lust for this woman, but if she where to suddenly grab me, and shove her finger in my pussy, I wouldn't object in the least. Since there were no other prospects, I wasn't opposed to giving myself to her as both she and my husband wanted me to. 

Returning my focus back to her, I noticed she had been talking about something, but I'd no idea what. The lust was still in her eyes and I decided I would give her the opening she was looking for. Leaning forward, so my lips were actually brushing her ears I whispered, "I don't know when my friends will arrive, but it you don't mind me having to join them when they do, I can be yours until they come."

Her breath trembled warmly against the skin of my neck. Slowly, carefully she placed her hand on my thigh I felt he lips gently press against my neck. My body instantly became flush with passion and I found myself happy that I'd agreed to allow her to have her way. Realizing I was going to allow her to continue she became more bold, sliding her hand up the outside of my thigh and into my short skirt. Her breathing suddenly quickened as her hand felt my bare ass cheek, rather than panties.

I smiled deviously as I lifted my phone and text my husband. "You two got your way, she's already feeling up my ass and as aggressively as she's attacking my neck, I'm probably going to have a mark." The thought of me having a love bite on my neck worried Mac, because he realized others would quickly know I'd been up to something. However, as the bartender turned and paused to watch me being groped, I realized that people knowing what I was doing actually excited more. I wasn't worried about someone seeing me or knowing, I WANTED people to see me and I WANTED them to know.

My new friend, who I hadn't even bothered to learn her name was now completely enraptured in exploring my body. Her hand slipped from under my dress and into my blouse. Again she was both excited and surprised to discover I wore no bra. She grabbed my breast hard and her mouth quickly found mine. She kissed me deeply. Her excitement so out of control, as her tongue probed me, I could feel the saliva pouring from her mouth into my. The heavy taste of alcohol she'd been drinking filled my mouth and each mouth full of her spit that I swallowed made my pussy swell and ache more. 

My head became light and I felt drunk. I don't know exactly when it happened, but I suddenly realized she'd unbuttoned my blouse and one of my breasts hung in the open as she rolled my second nipple around in her mouth. I again glanced in the direction of the bartender. She had quit paying attention to her bartending duties and her interest was now completely on us. When our eyes connected my heart raced faster. I maintained eye contact with the bartender as I pulled my anonymous loves face tight against my breast. I then turned ever so slightly, ensuring my bare breast was in full view of the woman tending the bar.

The feeling was pure ecstasy, and just when I thought it couldn't get any better, my lover slide her hand up the inside my thigh and slid several fingers into my dripping pussy. I let out an audible moan and my eyes closed for a moment. But I quickly reopened then and once again locked my eyes with the bartender.

Slowly the bartender began to approach us. Standing directly across the bar, our eyes still locked she suddenly became a little apprehensive. She cautiously glanced around the room, and after she was sure no one else was there. She hesitated a moment to gage my reaction, then she leaned slightly over the bar and looks intently to see what was happening beneath the bar. Realizing what she wanted to see, I spread my legs and gave her of my pussy being probed.

She became memorized watching my new lover take long strokes in and out of my pussy. Meanwhile my lover hadn't even realized the bartender had joined us and once again her mouth found mine for another deep, passionate kiss. 

With one woman pumping my pussy, another woman watching so lustfully I felt an massive orgasm building. Right as a climax began to build the bartender suddenly swung away, and quickly began to move back to the other end of the counter. Within seconds the door swung open and a group of women in business apparel walked into the bar and sat at a middle table. They laughed and joked loudly amongst themselves, and I lost the building climax as I became self conscious. Finally one of the women looked to the bartender, as if ready for service.

Rather than going to them she gave a sideways glance to me and the woman at the table turned to me and saw my open blouse and the woman sucking away at my nipples. A look of amusement crossed her face as she demanded the attention of the women at the other table.

The other women's' attention began to swing in my direction. Different emotions quickly registered as they began to understand what they were seeing. Most seemed amused, one woman's eyes flashed with pure lust, I made note to remember her face for later. The last woman to realize what she was seeing began seething with rage. She began to ramble loudly to the other ladies and it was enough to quickly shut down my passion. 

Pushing the woman away, I began to fumble with the buttons on my blouse. A look of confusion and disappointment shone on her face as she dislodged her fingers from my throbbing pussy. "What's wrong?" She muttered in a dejected tone.

With out a word I nodded my head towards the table. "Fuck..." she said bitterly, "I was really looking forward to getting you off!" My pussy was still screaming to cum and there was no way I was just going to let this go. I grabbed my anonymous lover and pulled her to the door. "And you will!" I stated as we walked out he door.

Checkin at the no name hotel had been quick and with in seconds of entering the room she me stripped naked and laying in the middle of the bed. "Wait," I objected "I have to let my friends know I've left." "Go ahead and text, I will find something to keep me busy while you do that." She replied.

As I raised my phone to text I felt her spread my legs wide and her tongue engaged my clit at the exact moment as three fingers penetrated my still soaked pussy.

Chapter 4. A Beautiful Realization (by Mac)

I'd not received anything from my wife in more than an hour and I was so anxious I was ready to climb the walls. Suddenly the ping came and I jumped for my phone.

"FUCK!!! I am being Fucked so good!"

My dick went instantly hard! "By who?"

"I don't know her name. Girl from the lesbian bar... Woman bartender was enjoying the show too, but we had to leave."

I waited for more, nothing...

Then, "fuck, she's stretching me open so fucking wide Mac! I think she is trying to shove her entire god damned fist in my cunt! 

Panicking I text back, "are you okay? Is she hurting you?"

" Fuck Mac! Fuck I luv it! I luv my cunt spread wide!"

Her text drove me over the edge and I started vigorously masturbating. "I want to see babe!" I text.

She quickly responded "oh Mac I want you to see! I want everyone to See! I wish she could have fucked me like this on the bar so those bitches could see your slut wife's cunt stretched wide! FUCk, I'm going to cum in this bitch's mouth so hard!" 

"Those bitches could see? Who are you talking about?" Another long pause... 

I could not believe what I had just read. In a matter of weeks my wife had seemingly gone from a reluctant, vanilla housewife, to an extreme exhibitionist lesbian slut? 

Then another text flashed across my cellphone , "God Damned that was amazing!" "Should i return the favor?" 

"Why not?" I replied. 

"Because I have never eaten pussy. What if I don't like it?" 

"Only one way to find out I guess." Was my response. She didn't text back a long time, and I began to wonder if my response had been taken poorly or if she was actually eating her first pussy. Then, after what seemed like forever...

"On my way back to the bar. Wish you were here." 

"Why?" I begged, "What happened." Her response was pure bliss, "Because if you were here you could kiss your wife deeply and enjoy your favorite two things together. The pleasure of my kiss and the taste of a bucket load of pussy juice that currently coats my mouth!"

"So did you like it?" I asked. "If I didn't would I be heading back to the bar to find another pussy I can suck to orgasm tonight?" She text back. "Mac. I hope you were serious about not minding your wife with a woman, because I have a feeling I'm going to be with a LOT of them."

It was then that I decided to step out on the limb and add to my fantasy, "Not as long as you don't clean up your pussy before you come home to me. I want to eat your dirty used pussy after it's been eaten out and finger fucked good by another girl." 

Her response was definitely not what I was expected, but it showed me our fantasies were very much in line, "Don't worry Mac, I will make sure every woman who eats me out leaves it a dirty mess. If There's any doubt they can take a good, long, spit in my pussy before heading out. You will have the nastiest, used lesbian pussy that you can imagine!"

Ann did make back to the bar that night, and she told me drank, danced and flirted with every girl who came in. Although I didn't get much play by play texts for the rest of the evening, I do know my wife didn't make it home until 5 am. 

The last text I received from her was, "I'm so messy. Can't wait for tomorrow night!"

Not only could I not wait to hear if she would get some more pussy the next night, I now couldn't wait to get home to be with her again and experience this new woman, who was apparently now my slut of a lesbian wife.