 Why do people save themselves for marriage? There should be a rule that you have to have sex before you get married just to make sure that it's what both people want and can live with for the rest of their lives. That is what marriage is supposed to be, right? Eternal, loving, committed, enjoyable?

No matter what a marriage is supposed to be, I know what mine is not. There is love there, but I can't say that I'm in love, maybe I never was. Maybe I was just in lust, and thought the sex would bring out the love. Maybe it would if the sex were any good.

My husband, Jay, and I have been married for two years. He got plastered on our wedding night, so there was no sex for either of us, he couldn't even get the thing half-hard. That should have been the sign that we needed to get an annulment!

Sex with Jay is nothing more than clumsy poking and prodding. I tried to meet his thrusts once, I read magazines, I'm not completely oblivious, and thinking that maybe I could help show him the way. He got pissed and stopped, rolled over beat off, and fell asleep. After a few rounds of this, I realized that I was supposed to lie on my back, not move my hips, and there was to be no moaning. He actually informed me: "I don't want to hear you; you're there for my seed and nothing more." Ok, I got the hint.

About six months ago a friend of mine, Liz, and her Mom moved about two blocks over. I would go spend a few hours at their house while Jay was at work, just talking about whatever. One day, about six months ago, Liz was out of town visiting her brother, so I started telling Jess (her Mom), exactly what was going on with my relationship with Jay.

I told her that I didn't want to cheat on him, but I had to figure something out, I just couldn't do this anymore. I wanted to feel that erupting orgasm that you read about in magazines, and that I'd heard other girls' talking about.

Jess and I talked until I had to get home for Jay; I agreed to come back and visit her the next day, since Liz was still out of town and would be for about a month.

The next morning Jay left for work, and I went to see Jess. When I got there she asked how I'd feel about being with a woman, she knew that Liz and I had experimented, and she felt that this would be a good way to give me a few "lessons in sex". I decided that being with someone of the same sex wasn't cheating, so I agreed! We spent some time talking about Jay's work hours, realizing that there wasn't much time to do anything that day. Jess kissed me on the cheek and told me she'd see me tomorrow.

My pussy stayed wet just thinking about what was to come, or rather that I was going to come, and it was going to be somebody else that would get my there and not just my fingers. I was so excited that I took a shower before Jay got home, rubbed my large 38D breasts, tweaking my large brown nipples as the shower massaged my clit. It felt so good; I could feel my pussy throbbing, my juices running down my leg. I feverishly worked my fingers over my clit, just as I could feel the pressure building the door on the bathroom started wiggling and Jay started complaining that supper wasn't ready. I washed quickly, cursing that I had been interrupted; I dressed in a rush, and started getting Jay's supper together. All the while thinking of what tomorrow would bring.

The next day Jay headed to work, and I followed him out there door, I told him I had errands to run and then I would be visiting with Jess but I would be home before he was. I headed straight to Jess's house. She greeted me at the door, and started kissing me right away. 

Jess is in her late 30s, stands about 5'3, she has a tanned firm body, and perky 34C breasts. Her dark brown hair is long, but she usually keeps it pulled back in a ponytail so it stays out of her face. Her emerald green eyes twinkle with laughter and lust, always. 

Once Jess and I were standing beside the couch she started pulling off my t-shirt and blue jeans. This is when I noticed that she was only wearing a t-shirt that came to her hips, and a pair of red thongs. She pulled my shirt over my head, unhooked my 38D bra with ease, and pulled my jeans down my hips. Leaving me standing in nothing more than the black thongs that I wore.

I pulled her shirt off, letting her breasts fall free, getting high on the sight of her gorgeous body. We started kissing again, this time more passionately. Jess's tongue darted out of her mouth and ran across my lips. My lips seemed to part on their own, and our tongues wrestled around. I had one hand on the back of Jess's head, pulling her towards me, and the other hand cupped around her tight ass cheek. She was moaning ever so lightly, then she pulled away.

We caught our breath for just a second, while we sat on the couch and got a little more comfortable. I idly caressed Jess's breasts, up her collarbone, then down to her flat stomach, and back to her breasts. Jess leaned back and moaned, letting me know just how hot I was making her. Jess pushed me back against the arm of the couch, kissing my neck, down my collarbone, down my chest to my large brown nipples. She began sucking and nibbling on one nipple, while her fingers pinched and pulled on the other. Then she would switch, sucking on the left nipple, while she played with the right. With her free hand, she grabbed my ass and pulled me into her, pressing her thigh against my pussy, while she rode my thigh with hers.

"Mmmmm...Ohhhhh...Uh huh." Was all that was coming out of her mouth as she gyrated her hips and pushed her panty-clad pussy onto my leg. Her pussy was soaking wet, her panties no longer able to hold the moisture that was flooding out.

For the first few minutes of our lovemaking, I did as I had been taught, lay there and take it. I didn't move, I didn't make a sound. Feeling Jess rub her pussy on my leg, I started moving my own hips to her rhythm, and I moaned with the pleasure of her mouth sucking on my tit. Oh, it felt so good, I never wanted it to stop, I felt Jess's body tighten and she started yelling, "Oh God Yes...yesss...YESSSSSSSS!" At that exact moment I felt my pussy pulsating with pleasure, every muscle in my body tightened and my eyes rolled in the back of my head. Oh hell, if an orgasm felt that good when someone else helped produce it, I sure as hell wanted more!

Jess and I idly kissed and caressed, until time for me to go home. I took a quick shower so Jay wouldn't smell the sex all over me, but I still don't know how he couldn't see the pleasure in my eyes. I lazily dreamed about what Jess would teach me next. 

Jay had the weekend off, I thought I was going to be stuck with him, but he mentioned going to see some family for the weekend. I packed his bag and he left me to my daily chores. I called Jess just as Jay was pulling out of the driveway, and was in my car as he cleared the block.

Jess greeted me at the door with kisses, this time she was wearing nothing more than her panties. She started stripping me as we headed up the stairs to her room, my clothes leaving a trail along the way. We were completely naked by the time we got to her bed, and stood there kissing, running our hands all over one another's bodies. 

Jess pushed me on the bed and started playing with my nipples, first the left and then the right. I lay back, enjoying the attention and lightly moaning. Jess started kissing my neck up to my ear and whispered, "I want you to tell me exactly where to touch you, and how you want me to touch you, will you do that for me?" A little embarrassed, I agreed. 

"Kiss me down my neck, like yesterday. I want to feel you suck and nibble on my nipple, while you pinch and pull on the other. Ohhh Yessss, that's it!"

"Tell me what you want Lil, I'll do this until you tell me to do something else."

I let her tease my nipples, while I squeezed her ass and nibbled on her nipples. 

"Hmmm, sooo good. Tease my pussy with your fingers, please!"

Jess took this as her opportunity to turn around we were in a 69 position, but rather than using her mouth, she just used her fingers to tease my pussy. I could smell her musky odor, damn she smelled good. I was rubbing her clit with my finger, then I dipped my thumb in her pussy while I used the palm of my hand to rub around her clit. That threw her into frenzy she was moaning and thrashing. I pulled my hand away and licked my fingers. Oh, her pussy tasted so good, I couldn't get enough. I slowly lifted my face to her pussy, smelling the odor straight from the source. Slowly letting my tongue dart out I licked her clit with the tip of my tongue. Jess jerked and squealed, so I grabbed her by the hips to hold her still. 

Pulling her pussy to me, I licked all around her sweet wet pussy, long licks from her slit to her clit, short licks around her clit. She just tasted so good, I wanted her to come, I wanted her juices to flow into my mouth. I let go of all inhibitions, and said, "Come for me baby, I want to taste your sweet come on my tongue!"

She shoved her tongue in my pussy and licked furiously at my clit bringing me to have the strongest orgasm I'd ever had in my life. I felt my juices running down my ass cheeks, and Jess's tongue licking all over to get as much as she could. Just as my body started thrashing in ecstasy, Jess was coming too, squirting her come on my tongue and in my mouth and down my chin.

We finished licking one another clean and cuddled up to one another, kissing, caressing, and enjoying. She told me she was proud of me, she knew that even though Jay wanted a prude I was a wild slut in the bedroom. Worried, she noticed the time; James (her 22-year-old son) was moving back in that evening, we needed to get cleaned up.

We heard the door slam and James' voice: "Mom, I'm home!"

"I'll be down in just a minute James, Lilly's here taking a shower."

I took this chance to go to the bathroom and start the shower while Jess pulled on some clothes and got me out something to wear. Then I heard James' voice, closer this time: "If you're done with her lessons now, I'd like to give her a few if she'll let me!"



Feel free to give feedback, and I'm working on the second part now, so you shouldn't have to wait too long for the continuance, if you choose to read on!