 If you haven't read Chapter 1, I suggest you do. This Chapter picks up exactly where the last one left off. Thank you for all the feedback, I hope that you enjoy this part!



"If she'll let me..." I kept thinking this over as the warm water ran down my body, over my still hard nipples, and down between my legs. I was still married, and I was already cheating by being with Jess. I had convinced myself that because of Jess being a woman it wasn't really cheating, but I also knew that if Jay found out then all hell would break loose. No matter, man, woman, it was still cheating.

The bathroom door opened, taking me away from all my thoughts. Jess walked in, bringing me some clothes that she hoped would fit, and climbed into the shower with me.

"Turn around I'll wash your back for you." I turned around, she lifted my hair and kissed down the back of my neck across my left shoulder and then across my right. She soaped up the sponge and started. "James knows about us, and he knows how things are with you and Jay. I don't want you mad at me for telling him, but I also don't want you to hear it from anybody else. Turn around and I'll wash the rest of you."

I turned around, and we shared a soft kiss. "I'm not mad at you Jess, I understand." She kissed me across my collarbone, then down my left breast, sucked my nipple into her mouth and ran her tongue in circles around it, then softly bit down. Then she moved on to the other breast, giving it the same soft treatment, before she started scrubbing my body, paying special attention to my breasts, stomach, and finally my pussy.

I rinsed off, and told Jess that it was her turn to turn around. I kissed across her left shoulder over to her right, trailing my lips with the sponge. I washed down her back and over her tight ass. Down both her legs, giving her the same treatment she had given me.

"Turn around." She turned around and we kissed again. I broke the kiss and slid my tongue down her neck and kissed across her collarbone, down her left breast to her pink nipple, circling my tongue around it I caught it between my teeth. She let out a little sigh. Then I moved to her right breast, giving it the same loving treatment. I kissed down her stomach and flicked my tongue across her clit. She moaned lightly, and I stood back up. Soaping her body, across the same areas I had just kissed.

She rinsed off and we washed our hair, trying to rush before the water got too cold. We kissed a few more times, and then got out of the shower. Wrapped in towels we started talking as we each fixed our hair, brushed our teeth, and got dressed.

"You told James, did you tell Liz too? Don't worry, I'm not mad and I won't be, I'm just not sure how she'd react."

"No, I didn't tell Liz, she's talking about moving in with her sister and may not be coming back home. She's mad at James for breaking up with Marie and coming home, and she's mad at me for letting him. That's part of why she left to begin with."

"I don't think I even want to know." I laughed and shook my head. "Shit, I need to get home, if someone sees that the car isn't home Jay could find out I've been here all day, then all hell will break loose."

"Take the car home, I'll have James walk the back roads and walk you back here. Leave your TV. on, and the kitchen light so people will think you're home and fell asleep on the couch. Then James can walk you back here and you can stay here for the weekend, if you want."

"Sounds good to me, I'll go ahead and bring a few things with me, so it will take me a few minutes." We walked out of the bathroom, kissed again, and I headed towards the door, picking up my clothes as I walked down the stairs.

I went to find James to let him know that I was leaving, he was on the phone in the kitchen, and I walked in and waved. He held up his finger telling me to wait just a minute. I stood there with my arms crossed across my chest and listened as he told the person on the other end that he had to go. He shook his head and hung up the phone.

"Your girlfriend doesn't like you being here, huh?" I grinned and shook my head.

"I don't really know, we broke up and I haven't talked to her. That was Liz begging me to move back so she can live with me. There's nothing for me there anymore."

"Sorry about that. Oh, I've got to get the car home before anybody sees it missing and calls Jay to let him know I'm not home."

"Stay here, he's not home, what can he do to you?"

"Well, I still have to take the car home and pack a few things, but I'm going to stay here, Jess and I already talked about that. Jay may not be home, and I'm not really sure what he would do to me, so let's just not try and find out."

I left with that and headed home. I packed what I would need for a two-night stay, turned the light on over the stove in the kitchen, made sure the TV. was on a channel that I could handle watching, and walked out the door.

James met me on the corner and took my bag, brushing his fingers along my arm as he did. 

We walked back to his house talking idly about our relationships, or lack of, and everything else that we could to catch up. It had been awhile since we had seen one another, and Jay didn't like us associating with one another. 

"You do know that mom knows I want you, right? You also know that she wouldn't be mad if we decided to be together, don't you?"

"I know you want to have a turn, I heard you when I ran into the bathroom. I also know that I'm married, and it's one thing for me to be with a woman, and another for me to be with a man."

James looked me in the eye, bent down, and gave me a soft kiss on the lips. "I've wanted to do that for a long time now, maybe if I would have done it sooner we'd both be happier."

Not saying another word, he opened the back door and we walked into the kitchen. The rest of the evening went by uneventful; we ate supper and watched a movie. Then James said that he was going to bed.

Jess and I went to her room shortly after. We stripped down to our panties and climbed into bed. I told her how worried I was that James would hear us or walk in, she just laughed me off and said that he would be okay.

She kissed my neck, up my check, and nibbled on my ear. She climbed on top of me, kissing down my chin and down my neck. She looked up at me and grinned, as she scooted her body down, rubbing her pussy down my stomach and over the top of my mound. Licking and sucking on my left nipple, and then my right, all the while grinding her pussy against mine.

She spread my legs apart with her knee, and continued to kiss down my stomach, lightly licking at my belly button, before moving on down. Biting the top of my panties, she reached around my hips, and pulled down my panties, rubbing her nose over my clit. 

She kissed down the insides of my thighs as she pulled my panties the rest of the way off, and kissed back up my thighs until her mouth met my pussy lips. She kissed and licked the outer lips, sucking and nibbling on the inner lips. She twirled her tongue around inside my pussy, scraping the tip against my inner walls.

"Ohhh yesss, Jess, that feels so good". I was panting and moaning as I felt my orgasm building deep within me. She reached up and tweaked both of my nipples, lazily dragged her tongue up my pussy lips, flicked against my clit, and kissed her way back up my body.

We kissed deeply, sharing my pussy juices, she rolled off me and I rolled with her, never stopping the kiss. I broke the kiss and ran my tongue down her neck, across her shoulders, and down her right breast. Paying close attention to her little pink nipple, catching it in my teeth and swirling my tongue around it, sucking it softly into my mouth, and flicking it with my tongue. Kissing over to her left breast, and giving that nipple the same treatment. 

Kissing and licking down her stomach as I pulled her panties down her legs. I kissed down the left side of her pussy, down her left thigh, and then kissed up her right thigh to the right side of her pussy.

I kissed over her pussy lips, sucking on as much of her as I could, I couldn't get enough of her sweet taste and smell, it was intoxicating. I flicked my tongue over her inner lips, and slid it into her tiny fuck hole, sucking on her lips as I did this. She shoved her pussy into my face and started humping against me. I had to grab her hips to help hold her still. She pulled my head into her pussy just as she started to come, I could feel her pussy muscles tighten around my tongue, and my juices flowing down my legs.

I kept licking and sucking until she was too tender for me to continue, then I kissed up her body and kissed her deeply, letting her taste herself.

She broke the kiss and pushed me off her; she kissed back down my stomach, smiled at me, lifted my hips, and licked from my ass hole up to my pussy. She pressed her thumb against my clit as she rubbed in tiny circles, and teased my fuck hole with her tongue.

"Oh God Jess, fuck me with your tongue...oh yes, just like that!" I lifted my hips and pulled her face into me, I could feel her tongue inside me, moving in slow circles, curling and licking across the top of my pussy, then running along the bottom side, circles again. I could feel my orgasm building, my juices flowing freely over her tongue and lips. I moaned and my whole body stiffened as I came, my pussy muscles pulling on her tongue. She kept licking and sucking until my orgasm subsided, then kissed up my body until she reached my lips and kissed me one last time before rolling over.

"Mmm Jess, that was amazing!" I whispered as we idly ran our fingers lightly over one another's body.

"Lil, what's the difference between us being together, or you being with another man? You're already sneaking around with me, so is there a difference?"

"I don't know, that's the battle I have going on in my head now. I've never been with another man besides Jay, ever. I'm not even sure how to start, or what to do. Being with you is different than being with a man."

We kissed softly and Jess told me to think on it. We lay cuddled up in one another's arms; she fell asleep as I listened to her breath, thinking about how things had changed over the past few days, how I had changed.





Your feedback is always welcome, another chapter to follow. Sorry for the time between the last two chapters, life kicked in, which I'm sure you all understand.

Lilly 