 When I walked into the club for Gina's bachelorette party, I was too frazzled from work to wonder who else might be there. I'd left the office closer to seven than six, ran home to change into my one appropriate dress, and now I was late. A broken chunk of sidewalk almost made me later, but I managed not to fall. I was sure I looked ridiculous as I stumbled towards the door, but I got in without further trouble.

Once inside I took a minute to orient myself amid the pulsing music and whirling lights. I hadn't been to a club in at least two years. At twenty-eight, I was pretty much over that scene. It had been fun, but it got old; or I did. It was hard to say.

It was also hard to think while the music pounded through my head. As the song subsided, a movement caught my eye and I saw Annie, Gina's sister, waving at me. Relieved, I waved back and started over.

After two steps, I stopped. She was here. I could feel it.

Annoyed, I gave myself a shake and continued over to the party. What had I expected? Lia was Gina's oldest friend; of course she would be here.

"Iris! You made it!" Gina came over to me, all smiles and hugs. "I was afraid you'd get held up at work."

I smiled back. "Almost. They tried but I snuck out the back."

"Well, sit down." Gina motioned me to a chair and signaled to a waitress. 

I opted for a Long Island Iced Tea. That was stronger than anything I'd had in ages, but I felt like I needed it. When it arrived and I tasted it I was glad to find they hadn't skimped on anything. I took a healthy gulp.

I was happy to catch up with Gina and chat with some other women at the table, friends I hadn't seen in a while and friends of friends. I was relieved that the party was just at a dance club and that they hadn't gone in for male strippers. I could admire the masculine physique as well as anyone else, but at the moment a plain old club was more my speed.

"Hi, Iris."

Her voice shot through my body. That wasn't fair. I hadn't seen her in months and didn't want this kind of reaction. But I never could help it.

"Hi, Lia."

She looked better than ever as she dropped into the seat next to me. Her eyes were a bright blue, her lips cherry red. She ran her tongue over her lips and made no secret of checking me out. Already warm from my drink, my body heated up even more. 

"It's been a while," she said. "How are you?"

"Good." I nodded. "Been working more than anything. You?"

She shrugged, bare shoulders sliding against her long, wavy dark hair. "Same company, new position, but work's work. I was glad when Gina invited me. I thought it would be fun to see some people again." Lia's eyes trailed down my face to my chest and back up. Emboldened by my drink, I did likewise. Before either of us could say anything more, Gina dragged Lia off to dance. 

I watched for a few minutes, drinking my cocktail but not tasting it. I was mesmerized by Lia. Her strapless dress hugged her body and emphasized her curves. Skinny heels, the kind I could never wear, made her legs look long and sleek. She looked fantastic.

Lia smiled and laughed as she danced with Gina and some other women from the party. They did those faux sexual moves that make some women feel brave and daring while entertaining the straight guys. When Lia did it, my mouth watered.

It took another drink before I would let anyone drag me up to dance. Even with the week I'd had and my desire to shake everything off for a day or two, dancing was not my favorite method of reducing stress. Since it was Gina's party, though, I tried to be a good sport.

Lia came over and gave me a sexy smile. "I didn't think you'd had enough to drink for this."

"I'm not sure I have." 

She grabbed my hand. "Come on, you're not even trying."

"You know I don't like to dance."

"You always liked dancing with me."

That much was true, but it wasn't because I liked dancing. It was because I liked the way Lia's body moved, both on her own and in rhythm with mine. My body remembered those feelings and I could tell by looking at her that she did too.

I let her pull me farther onto the dance floor. She swayed her hips to the beat and put her hands on my waist, enticing me to mirror her movements. Her eyes locked on mine. I responded to the pressure of her hands and rocked back and forth. After a few minutes, I put my hands on her shoulders and stepped a little closer.

Our bodies touched as we used dancing as an excuse to get as physically close as possible. No one noticed since the place was so crowded, and likely no one cared. This club was gay-friendly, so two women or two men getting close didn't draw much attention.

Lia kept her eyes on mine as she danced. I relaxed as the alcohol started having its effect and I slipped into the familiar feel of being with Lia. I pulled her to me and trailed a hand down her back and over her ass.

She bit her lip and closed her eyes for a moment. When she opened them, I saw the want. She dragged her hand up from my waist and over my breast before settling on my neck. Her fingernails skimmed over my shoulder and neck, raising goose bumps on my skin. I put one hand behind her neck and leaned in to kiss her.

I was playing with fire but I didn't care. 

I felt her shiver as we kissed. Damn, we had chemistry! Her body woke every nerve in mine and I wanted to do the same to her.

The kiss ended with the song and I stepped back. Our eyes met and I knew we both wanted more. However this was Gina's night, so any personal desires would have to wait.

Lia didn't say anything but as we walked back to the group her hand traveled down the length of my arm. I felt sparks everywhere she touched. 

We sat down as Gina began to open her presents, which included plenty of lingerie and sexy underwear. One box contained a collection of sex toys that made Gina laugh, blush and squeal all at the same time. I'd gone in on a negligée with Annie. I was all for sex toys, but Gina and I weren't quite close enough to exchange them as gifts. 

After another drink I needed a bathroom. I squinted across the room and saw a sign that was probably the one I wanted and headed over. It was the right place, although the restroom was down a set of stairs and at the end of a short, dim hallway. As I washed my hands I took a deep breath, grateful for the momentary quiet. I could still feel the bass but it was a soothing thrum compared to being out in the main room.

I stepped into the corridor and found Lia waiting.

"I missed you," she said. Her eyes raked over me. 

I knew what I looked like: a sheen of sweat on my face from the heat of the club; my blond hair damp with stray strands dangling to my shoulders; my nipples hard bumps under my thin black dress. Lia licked her lips.

"I missed you, too," I said. It was true. I'd gotten over it, gotten past it, whatever, but I missed her.

"Wanna try again?" She pushed off the wall and stepped over to me. Her face was flushed and with a dress shorter and thinner than mine, there was no hiding her arousal.

Instead of answering I walked her back against the wall and crushed my lips to hers. She gave a small gasp of surprise but there was no resistance. Her arms came up and gripped my shoulders as I pressed my body against hers.

My hands ran up and down her sides, down over her hips and then back up. Her nipples were hard buds under my palms as I covered her breasts with my hands. Our tongues dueled and I ground my hips against her.

"Jesus, Iris, that feels good." Lia's voice was hoarse as she dropped her head back and bared her neck to me. 

I latched on to the pulse point in her neck, biting down and then soothing the area with my tongue. Lia's breath came in short pants punctuated by the occasional soft moan. I loved those sounds.

I wedged my leg between hers and felt the heat of her pussy against my thigh. She hissed out a breath and jerked when I moved my leg; she must have been close to coming already. 

I wanted more and tugged down the top of her dress, baring her tits. Still kissing her, I didn't look at them but took advantage of the access and pinched and twisted her nipples. She moaned again and rocked against my leg. Leaving one hand on her breast, I reached down with the other and yanked up her dress. 

She wore a thong but it was no barrier. I pushed it aside and slid a finger into her, letting out a groan myself. I loved the way her slick walls clenched around my finger; after a moment, I added another and used my thumb to massage her clit. 

Lia held on to me now to keep herself up. She thrust against my hand as I moved my head down and took one dark pink nipple in my mouth. The pebbled skin teased my tongue as I sucked on the tip. My free hand pinched and tweaked her other nipple and I felt her body tense.

"Iris. Iris, someone might see." 

"Do you want me to stop?" I started to pull my fingers out of her. 

She reached down and grabbed my wrist and shoved my hand back up. "No. Hell, no. Not when I'm this close."

I fused my lips to hers once more, pressing our bodies close. I felt the damp skin of her breasts against my dress and she was dripping wet between her legs. I flicked my thumb over her clit; she moaned and dug her fingernails into my shoulder. Once more and she lost it.

Lia buried her face in my neck to stifle her cries. I could feel her teeth on my skin as she bit down. Her body shook and her inner muscles spasmed around my fingers. I slipped an arm around her to help her stay upright while I continued to massage her clit and draw out her orgasm. After another moment I stopped and stepped back, keeping my arm around her waist so she wouldn't fall.

She pushed her hair back and gave a throaty laugh. "You haven't lost your touch." 

"Thanks." 

Lia followed me into the ladies' room as we went to straighten ourselves out. We weren't as much of a mess as I feared, apart from Lia's dress. We were sweaty, out of breath, and our makeup was a little worse for wear. On the other hand, we probably looked like anyone who'd just spent some time on the dance floor.

I washed my hands and ran my fingers through my hair. My purse for the evening wouldn't accommodate a comb, so fingers were the best I had. I watched out of the corner of my eye as Lia pulled her dress back into place, covering the breasts I had so recently been feasting on.

She wet a paper towel and used it to remove the makeup smudges around her eyes. I hadn't worn any mascara or eyeliner but my blush and lipstick were gone or uneven, so I grabbed my own towel and wiped the rest off. With the lighting in this place, no one would notice anyway.

"Iris." Lia laid a hand on my arm. 

My skin tingled as I looked up and my brown eyes met her blue ones in the mirror. I wondered what she'd say. Would she be mad, despite the fact that she'd wanted me to do that? Would she blow the whole thing off as no big deal? 

Lia ran a hand down the front of my dress, pretending to smooth the fabric but in reality copping a feel. "Can we go back to your place after the party?"

I hesitated; this was not necessarily a good idea. Lia and I had chemistry to burn, but outside of the bedroom—or nightclub hallway—we didn't always work.

"Come on, baby." Her hand drifted down the front of my dress, below the skirt, and her fingers traced circles on my thigh. 

I closed my eyes for a moment and opened them after a deep breath. Lia was still there, her hand so close to my sex, which I knew was furiously wet after what we'd done. I wanted her to touch me.

"All right," I said.

x-x-x-x

A couple of hours later, our little group headed out the door. The club was still open, but we'd had it and a couple of people—Gina's sister, Annie, for one—had definitely had more than enough to drink. I stood outside, glad for the chance to breathe without bumping into someone as we said our goodbyes.

Gina came over while I stood on the sidewalk and took a deep breath of cool air. "I'm so glad you came, Iris. It feels like I haven't seen you in forever."

I smiled. "I know, and I'm sorry. There's a big story that's been taking all my time. I barely have time to eat or sleep."

"But you will be at the wedding, right?"

"Absolutely. And thank you again for not having a wedding party and making me wear some hideous dress." 

Gina laughed. "I swore after my cousin's wedding that I'd never do that to anyone else. No one should have to wear that shade of green outside of a hospital. Besides, we're having a small wedding and I want everyone to be comfortable."

"I wish more brides were like you."

"I do try." She pulled me in for a hug and looked concerned when she stepped back. "Are you okay? I saw you dancing with Lia and then after you guys looked pretty, um, close. I just don't want you to get hurt," she added. "I'm not butting in, you know that."

"I know." I patted her shoulder. "It's not like that. We're just going to hang out for a bit and catch up." And have sex hot enough to set fire to the mattress, but Gina didn't need to hear that. "Thanks for worrying, though, Mom."

Gina shook her head although she was smiling. "You just be careful, okay? I love Lia to death but it doesn't mean I'm blind to how she can be."

"She's just herself, that's all."

"All right. Take care, Iris." Gina gave me another hug. "Thanks again for coming. I better get a cab and get Annie home before she falls over."

I returned the hug and promised to be in touch more often, then turned to look for Lia. My heart sped up and my stomach churned a bit when I didn't see her and I scolded myself for it. I was a big girl; if Lia had changed her mind or stood me up, I'd manage just fine.

I spotted her a few feet down the sidewalk, chatting with Annie and another woman. I wanted to walk over and see if she was still coming to my place, but I didn't want to seem anxious or needy. Since I needed a cab whether she came with me or not, I turned around to scan the street for one. Within a minute a yellow taxi headed towards the crowd and slowed down. I stepped towards the curb and raised my hand to flag it down.

"Leaving without me?" Lia stood with one hand on her hip and raised an eyebrow.

"You were talking and I didn't want to interrupt." I opened the door and gestured her to go in first. "I needed the cab anyway."

Lia got in the back seat; I got a good view of her ass as her dress rode up. She didn't even try to hide it as she all but crawled over to the far side. When I got in, she gave me a look that confirmed it had been for my benefit.

I gave the driver my address and settled back in the seat, trying to calm down. Having Lia so close made that difficult and it got no easier when I felt her hand on my thigh. I whipped my head around but she just smiled at me as her hand traveled a little higher. I glanced at the cabbie but he was too busy yelling at his dispatcher. 

I bit my lip as the driver took a right turn and Lia took advantage to nudge her hand between my legs. Not being an exhibitionist but not wanting to stop her, I held my purse in my lap and kept my skirt from rising any more. Lia grinned as she kept running her fingers over my thigh, getting closer to my pussy all the time. 

I tried to smother a nervous laugh but wasn't successful and couldn't help but grin myself.

The cab pulled up outside my building just in time; any longer and we would have been candidates for an HBO late show. I paid and tipped the cabbie and went in the building. The elevator ride was torture, both because it was slow and because some guy from another floor got on, preventing Lia and me from doing anything. 

When we arrived at my floor I almost pushed the guy aside in my haste to get out. I managed to contain myself and only gave him a glare that he didn't even notice. Lia covered her mouth to hide a smile, knowing how annoyed I was. She reached over and took my hand and gave it a squeeze. 

I hurried to my apartment with Lia right behind me. Once inside, I turned around to shoot the deadbolt and found myself up against the door. Lia ran her hands over my arms, from shoulder to fingers and back again. I closed my eyes and laid my cheek against the cool metal.

"That was hot, in the club." Her voice was a sultry whisper in my ear. I gasped when her tongue flicked out to touch my ear lobe.

I felt her breath on the back of my neck. I was taller than she was, but Lia's high heels put her in the perfect position to graze her teeth over my shoulder and the nape of my neck. I shuddered.

"I'm glad you came to the party tonight," she said. "I was hoping to see you."

"I didn't know you were coming." I swallowed in a dry throat as her hands crept under my dress. 

"I didn't know I was either until you did that in the hallway." Lia sucked on the crook of my neck and my knees went weak. "Then I was extremely glad I showed up."

Her hands came around my waist and splayed over my stomach. I didn't know what I wanted her to do next; my whole body burned for her touch.

"I would have done this at the club, but we didn't really have time." Lia's hands went up and squeezed my breasts.

I groaned and leaned my head against the door as she kneaded my tits and teased my nipples. I sighed in disappointment when she withdrew her hands, then I heard the rasp of the zipper and my dress slithered down my body to puddle at my feet. A strapless dress meant I hadn't worn a bra, so I stood there in just my heels and underwear.

"You are gorgeous." Lia ran her tongue up my spine, making me cry out and turn around.

I took her face in my hands and captured her lips. My tongue plunged into her mouth. Lia growled in response and grabbed at my breasts again, pulling at my nipples this time before sliding one hand beneath the black panties I had on. 

I tore my lips from hers long enough to say, "Get your clothes off," then kissed her again.

Her response was to push two fingers into my pussy, angling her hand so that she rubbed my clit every time she thrust inside. I found the zipper on her dress and forced it down, then pushed her dress off. Like me, she'd gone braless. I realized she must have made another trip to the restroom after our tryst in the hallway, because her thong was gone. She was naked but for a gold necklace and her black heels.

"Satisfied?" she asked, nipping at my bottom lip.

"Not yet, but I think I will be." 

She gave a low laugh and pushed her fingers deeper inside. I sucked in a breath and walked her back to the sofa and tumbled her onto it. We lay there for a few moments, necking like teenagers in the backseat of a car. Lia pumped her fingers in and out of me and I met every thrust. My blood simmered as I felt everything build.

"Sit up." Lia withdrew her hand from my pussy and pushed at my shoulders.

Breathing hard, I rose off her and moved to sit while she slipped off the couch. She knelt in front of me and reached up to snag my panties. Her eyes met mine and never left as she pulled them down. I lifted my hips to help and then my feet, one at a time, as she slipped the lacy thing off. She spread my legs and got between them.

"Feel good?" she asked.

"God, yes."

"Want me to do this?" Lia ran her tongue through my pussy, parting the lips and flicking over my clit.

"Yes, do that."

She did it again, then set about both satisfying and torturing me in equal measure. While she licked and sucked at my clitoris, she shoved two fingers inside me and curled them slightly, looking for my G-spot. I didn't know if I had one or not but it felt so damn good. 

Lia knew how to get me close and take me back; she also knew that too much of that resulted in nothing for me. I hoped she remembered.

I tried to relax but she wouldn't let me. Her tongue slid over and in me and I groaned as my orgasm neared and retreated. Since her hands were busy I plucked at my nipples myself, pulling and twisting them while she rubbed her tongue over my clit.
