 I asked my lover (Sally) to write me about her first time with another girl, she read mine yesterday and I told her I wanted to read about her first time and put it with my sex stories. I also told her I might send it out like I did my own. She wrote this, and sent it to me at work. Here it is word for word.

* * * * *

OK honey, you asked for this, I hope you are at your desk and I hope I did this just right to get you as hot as hell. I did not find this as easy as you said it would be, it was hard to remember every little detail, but I think I did. The first time I ever had sex with another female I was younger like I told you.

I sleeping in my room, it was very late. I started dreaming that a girl was playing with and touching my nipples. I realized that it wasn’t a dream. I was on my back I felt a hand on my left breast. I knew the only people in the house was my mom and her friend Sandy. Sandy came over to spend a few nights while my dad flew to Hawaii for some sort of business. I realized it had to be Sandy kneeling next to my bed. Her fingers were gently touching me, I felt shame, afraid and very, very excited. I did know I liked it, I liked it a lot. I decided to pretended to stay asleep, 

Before that night I never touched my self like she was doing to me, and I was getting a very strange feeling between my legs. I was having trouble breathing. Sandy bent over and put my stiff nipple in her mouth, while she reached for my other breast. when she did I gasped Sandy told me not to be afraid, she asked me if I wanted her to stop. I didn’t know what to tell her, I know I did not want her to stop, I wanted her to keep making me feel good. I wanted her to keep touching me like she was doing. I said "I like that, but what about mom? She’ll hear and come in" Shhhh Sandy said, your mom is passed out in her room, she could not hear a bulldozer come in the front door. If you want me to stop I will, I don’t want you to feel anything but pleasure, would you like that? Or do you want me to stop?" Sandy was 24 yrs old, and I felt very funny having her make me feel the way she. At the same time, she was making me feel something I never felt before that night. It felt so good. She was breathing hard, and softly. She slowly brought her hand down my belie, some how I just knew she was going to put her hand between my legs, I was breathing very hard and loud I just knew I should tell her to stop, but I just could not get myself to say it instead I said "are you sure mom won’t hear us?" Sandy said "yes, she won’t hear anything until morning. 

Sandy told me to relax. she asked me again if I wanted her to stop. I very softly said "no, please don’t stop" she heard me and said "good" when her hand got to the top of my little bush, she told me to lift up my knees and open my legs. As I did it, her fingers started to rub the top of my bush, oh. what a great feeling she gave me.. I could hear the sloshing sound that my little gash was making. it sounded like water, I told her I was sorry. she asked me why. I told her I was sorry for peeing on her fingers.. she laughed and said. "you didn’t Pee, it’s your juices, you flow like a river, be happy, I wish I did" I will never forget those words, anyway she started sucking on my nipple and rubbing my clit like crazy, I could not control my breathing

I didn’t know what she was doing , but I knew I never wanted her to stop. I was getting so loud Sandy put her hand over my mouth. I know now that what made me so wild was a climax, but for the first time. I went crazy. When I finished I asked her, no I begged her to make me feel that way again. 

She kissed me on my lips, her lips were very soft, they were so sweet, and she slid her tong inside my mouth and told me to suck on it. I did. Then as she pulled her tong out she gently sucked mine into her mouth. I can’t tell you how much I loved it. all the time she was rubbing my clit. I climaxed again right away, and wanted another. I begged Sandy to do it again. 

She got up off the floor and on to the bed with me, She got on top of me. She was wearing a very flimsy robe and when she knelt over me I could feel her breast hanging down brushing mine as we kissed. She slowly started kissing me moving down to my breast. I thought and wanted her to lick and suck on my nipples some more, I was disappointed when she went past them toward my belly, as she went down my belly, my mind was going wild. I wondered what she would do next.

It didn’t take long before she was kissing the top of my bush. Oh I loved it. I arched my bottom up; I wanted to feel what it might feel like if I could get her to lick me where she had rubbed me. I had my legs open wide, she started to move down my bush and I felt the most wonderful feeling I had ever felt in my life. She touched me in a certain place that made me tingle, (I know now it’s called a clit). She sucked on it and at the same time she boxed it with her tongue. I felt her move her tongue down licking the sides of my open pussy. Oh it felt so good feeling her licking down one side of my hole and coming back up the other side. I had another on of those unbelievable climaxes. 

I felt her moving around and then I felt her kneeling over me. It was dark, but I could tell her bottom was right above my face. I swear I could feel the heat coming from between her legs. I felt her bring her pussy down to my face. I knew she wanted me to do to her what she was doing to me. I wanted to do it, I lifted my head just enough to lick her very wet pussy. I didn’t know what to expect, I had no idea what it would taste like, but I found it tasted very good, and in fact I found I loved the taste. I reached up with my arms and wrapped them around her ass and hips. I pulled her down to me and started to lick her wide-open pussy. I can’t describe what happen next because it was all too much for me. I know I went crazy. I was sucking on her clit, I sucked it hard. I was ramming my tongue in as deep as I could inside of her open pussy.

It seemed like the more I did to make her feel good, the more she did to me. I wanted to make her feel good, I wanted to repay her for the lovely feeling she was giving me. I remember her humping my mouth and a couple of times I thing my tong hit her asshole. When that happen, she would shake her ass around. I knew she liked it. I felt her using a finger shoving it in my asshole as she was licking my hole. I can’t describe how great it felt. After what seemed like hours I could not cum any more, it felt great, but I was getting tired. Sandy knew it and said she better get back before my mom woke up and missed her, I could not help but wonder If she did the same thing with mom she left my room I tried to go to sleep. I thinking that she was in bed with my mom, and what we done. It was getting me all hot and horny, try as I did, I could not get back to sleep. I wanted more, I had to feel that feeling again.

I reached down between my legs and started to rub my clit. I came right away. I found out how I could make my self feel good, and I did that every night since except when I was flowing to hard on my period 

Linda, this was my first time with another woman, I wrote it as you asked. It has gotten better over the years. I have to tell you how uncomfortable I felt when you asked me to write this. You know how I feel, but I do love you, and I would do anything for you. Are you going to keep this private, or do you intend on putting with your story of your first time? You know how long you have been after me to do this, you may if you want put it with your first time. But please, don’t let anyone know my name.

I love you, and after writing this, I can’t wait for you to get home after work. I hope I make you suffer all day at your desk. I already called Bob and told him I had to help you with some girl stuff tonight, he has to work late anyway. 

See you in what 4-5 hours? Sally