 Dear James,

 Well, it has been a while, hasn't it? Five years and a bit I would say. Here I am, finally writing to you after all this time. 

 What is this letter? Why don't we call it an erotic confession, and an invitation. Yes, you heard me. Straight up - that's what it is.

 Let's start with the confession part. I guess, to start, my state of mind. Because why would I be writing such a thing to you! That is a natural question I must answer.

 Here I am, going on 25, single and yet owner of my own apartment. Sure, a lot has changed since our "good old college times", but also...not that much has changed. I've been successful with my career, but with my love life, not so much. Hence, my first confession is that I'm still single, alone, and frankly...I haven't had sex in over a year. 

 Why? Have I I've gotten fat. On the contrary, I've been running a tonne and hitting the gym in between. If I dare say so, I'm in better shape than I was in college.

 I won't go into all the reasons, for that's not the purpose of my writing. Suffice it to say I work a lot and haven't been able to find anyone worthy of my...you-know-what, in a long time. And so my you-know-what has therefore been neglected for way too long.

 Second confession - shhh on this one. I just got back from a week with my family and I haven't even been, how do you say, "self-serviced" in more than a week and a half. You may not know it, but that's a long time for me. 

 Third confession: I've dipped into the weed a little bit. Yup, home alone on a rainy night smokin' weed all by myself and writing an erotic confession to an old friend. Attractive picture, isn't it? I know. I will try to make it more attractive for you.

 So now you should understand that at this moment I'm pretty...well...horny. Let's be honest, shall we? This state of mind has got me thinking back to you and the dynamic we had when you were dating Lisette and she and I were best friends and you and I were also good friends. Ah, those college days! A lot of strange stuff happened back then. Strange, but good stuff.

 What REALLY got me thinking about you was recalling that time we all went down to Nader's Beach. Do you remember? You probably do. How often does a guy get to be naked at the beach with both his girlfriend AND her best friend? 

 Yes, those were free times back then. We didn't even think twice about stripping down that sunny afternoon when we showed up at Nader's on a whim. We had that little alcove behind the rocks all to ourselves and we were being "hippies", right?

 I don't know if you remember, but Lisette went first. Of course. She was always our unspoken leader. In fact, I've always suspected that's why you fell for her and not for me, even though I was the one who found you...in the library studying of all places. We were such nerds!

 To be honest, I don't think Lisette was more attractive than me, not overall anyway. She did have a very pretty face, prettier than mine I guess. I only know from what other people have said. And of course, she had those breasts. Oh-my-God! Even though I'd seen them before, when she took off her shirt at the beach and stood there with the ocean behind her, glistening in the sun, still in her bikini bottoms (for the time being), I understood why guys ogled her constantly. There were big big big, but also crafted with military-level perfection. I've never seen such long, pointed nipples aiming straight out. We always joked about "Lisette's guns", even the girls.

 You went second to strip. I pretended not to look (to be all cool, right?), but I couldn't help noticing, when you pulled down your pants, that you were huge. I mean, HUGE. Compared to anything I'd seen then and everything I've seen since. 

 Here now I must make a further confession (they're really flowing, heh?). I have a bit of a thing for circumsised penises, especially large, shapely ones. It's true. I can't help it. So when I saw yours I think I shivered a bit.

 But you know what? I clearly recall that it hung from your groin as softly as a piece of rope (albeit a beautiful, thick piece of rope). You were soft as can be. That is, until I got undressed (ha ha). 

 Seriously. I think it's true, or at least I believe it to this day. But what did I have going for me? I don't know, exactly. I was, of course, not your girlfriend. That's a big one I'm sure. I had a pretty smokin' bod if I do say so myself. Smaller tits than Lise, but perky and pointy (my nipples seem to be permanently hard...did you notice?). Thin waist. Long legs because, yes, I'm pretty tall. And a tight ass. Well, "apple shaped" maybe. Or, like two little apples pressed together....ha!

 Unlike Lise, I took all my clothes off at once. I think, being the last one to go, I was trying to show off a bit. It wasn't until my pubes were shining in the sun that Lise finally removed her bottoms. 

 At that point the contrast was even more apparent. Sure, Lise was blond and I was dark-haired, but even though Lise had trimmed her bush down to almost nothing, there was nothing to see down there other than a tiny line. Even though I had a much darker and slightly denser "patch", you could actually see the top of my caterpillar quite clearly (I've verified this in the mirror). I've always suspected, but have never known for sure - is that what got you hard?

 You must have tried to hold it back. Being naked on a public beach with your girlfriend is already a lot to hold down, so to speak, but probably manageable. When her best friend strips down and you have a clear view of the friend's (rather large) pussy....would that have been a bit too much? Didn't your imagination go wild?

 Just had another toke (love this stuff) and I'll be frank, James. I can't stop thinking about that dick of yours. As it got bigger and bigger and started to stick out straight from your body, it just became more magnificent. I swear your knob was the size of a kid's fist. I never knew that they could be so bulbous. The whole of it was so thick and rubbery that it begged to be explored. You were strong, with thick legs and a tight stomach. An incredible specimen of a man. It was at that moment that I really started to think about what it would like to be fuck you, James. 

 But, of course, you were dating Lise. And I knew more about that relationship than anyone.

 She told me about your "problem". Well, not yours, but the problem that the two of you had together. You know: that you were big and she was small.

 "How small?", I asked her.

"Small", she said. "Like, I can barely get a tampon in there."

 I was flabbergasted. I couldn't imagine such a predicament. Poor her, and poor you! (she was my best friend so of course I sympathized with her most). But I always wondered about you too. 

 My next obvious question, because you two were dating for over a year, was, "so what do you do then?"

 It seemed like a simple, obvious question, but it ended up leading us to some strange places, and probably changed our relationship forever.

 As you know, Lise wasn't shy. She liked to shock people with some of the things she said. So I wasn't surprised that she told me stuff outright. Also, I always suspected that there was a part of her that was a little "into girls". It was more than just showing off.

Her first response wasn't verbal at all. She just gave me a a quizzical look and pointed down at her tits. 

"There?"

"Yup."

Of course, it should have been obvious given how incredible they were (hey, I admire girls too). 

For some silly reason I asked, "how?"

Lise wasn't phased at all. She answered frankly: "I just hold them together and he goes to town. They form a crevice in between that fits him like a glove."

I went further: "Isn't that a little, um, dry?"

"Ha!", she said. "Not for long. And often that's where he finishes, not where he starts. By then it's a slip 'n slide."

 Lise had also confessed to me on several occasions that she was anything but dry. She even admitted that she liked to lie on her back and spread her legs while you ran your great length (and great knob, I presume), up and down her furrow. She enjoyed that and the juice that poured forth from her little hole was enough to coat the both of you. But she never came. That, she said, was something she could only accomplish when you went down on her. She also mentioned that sometimes you came when you were down there and that it sprayed with such force and volume that it would cover her from belly button to tits and even hit her in the face. 

 "I should film it", she had said, jokingly. "Oh, and the one time I agreed to suck him off I thought I was going to drown. It took me three gulps to get it all down, but I did it. Ha!". 

I know you guys had a number of problems, but it really sounded like sex was one of the big ones. Just the simple incompatibility if nothing else. 

 All that knowledge of course fueld my own fantasies. I think Lise knew it too. Once I knew she was small, it was hard for her to not remark on my genitals, especially after that nude beach excursion. 

 "So, you don't seem to have MY problem", she had said.

At first I was embarrassed, realizing she had indeed seen my protrusion. 

"No, I responded. I do not. I guess I have the opposite kind of problem. "

 I confessed that I'd always been a bit embarrassed by how much my vagina showed. I mean, it wasn't (isn't), long and flappy...not the lips. They stick out (unlike some girls), but they're about average size I think. But the whole line of my pussy is a long one. Lise didn't realize that the already sizeable part you can see at the front extends all the way down between my legs to my ass.

 As you can imagine, that was a bit of a tough one to explain! I ended up saying something to the effect of "Yeah, it's long, and opens wide enough. But I can also make it tight, you know. I'm kind of muscular down there."

"Wow", she'd replied, "sounds like you have it made." 

I felt a bit bad, so I said: "But it's embarrassing. You know, having so much showing. And I wasn't muscular at the beginning."

 That, of course, just prompted more curiosity. And I had to admit to her that I'd been doing Kegel's for years and had even experimented with ben wa balls. 

"You mean", she said, "you put balls inside your pussy?"

 I showed her the balls. There was no way she was going to be able to use them, but it really piqued her curiosity. I'd also admitted at various times that I enjoyed going down on guys. That the taste of come got me really hot. That I could orgasm many times, even when a guy took me from behind. Once, when we were pretty drunk, I even admitted that I liked the feel of a man's balls slapping against my ass when he took me doggy style. Things between us got very candid.

But that was nothing compared to what happened the weekend you went out of town and we took ecstasy at that rave. 

 It was a bad party, but the drugs were very good. We got back to our apartment sometime just before sunrise, still high as fuck. I asked Lise if she missed you when she was high and she said she did, but that it was hard for the two of you to really "consummate your passions". She knew how badly you wanted to penetrate her, but that it was impossible. 

 "He can't even get the tip in", she said. "His knob is so BIG."

She said that she wanted you to go down on her, and you did from time to time, but you got tired of it and wanted penetration. You'd poked at her ass a few times, but there was no way that was going to happen. She said that at that point she usually made her special tit hole and let you have at it. She complained about the piles of come you left on her body and how, in some ways, she might be better off with a girl. She even said she thought she'd be ok letting you fuck another girl, as long as she was there. She said that she would most likely participate too.

 That was an awkward moment. I'd never admitted to any of the fantasies I'd had about you, but my preferences had been all but spelled out. That's when Lise broke the ice in the way that only Lise could do. She said, "so, if you could fuck James, how would you do it?"

 That statement presumed, already, that I wanted to fuck you. And that you would fit inside me. We were high as kites. Sitting there on the couch together sharing a cigarette and drinking wine. So I didn't bother asking for clarification on the above two points. I just told her straight up: "I would bend over and let him have at me."

 Ok. You may or may not know this, but when women take ecstasy, almost all of us end up getting really wet. I don't know whether it's a physical reaction or caused by the places our minds go, but it happens. Combine that with sex talk and you can imagine that Lise and I were both swimming in our panties. Furthermore, because of our past confidences, we each knew the state of the other.

 At that point it was actually me that leaned over and put my lips to hers. Barely touching them at first, then slowly exploring inside them with my tongue. It was the slowest kiss I've ever had, but also the hottest. By far. Her smell and taste was different from any man's - earthy, with a hint of cinnamon for some reason. Our mouths connected for several minutes while our hands remained anchored to the sofa. I think we were nervous - not because we were both girls - but because we were roommates and such close friends. 

 The drugs must have given us patience and focus. I've never kissed so long. When it ended, Lise leaned back and surprised me by saying, "Well, I don't think I'd let you fuck James, but I might let you suck his cock."

 That made us both fall into a giggling fit. After the longest kiss of my life, I had the longest laugh of my life. I was actually hunched over, still paralyzed with laughter, when I felt Lisette's hand slip under my skirt and go between my legs. 

"I knew it!" she said, "You're just as wet as I am."

"That's a dirty trick!", I said, trying to glare at her.

But it was a clear invitation. She was also wearing a skirt. I looked her in the eye as stiffly as I could and replied, "well, let's see then."

 Without breaking the stare, Lise leaned back into the corner of the couch, lifted her skirt and spread her legs. I could see that her panties (something tight, blue), were completely saturated with her drippings. 

"Take off your underwear", I said in a hushed voice. "I want to see this tiny cunt of yours."

She did just that, lifting her skirt even higher and then, pretending frustration, pulled it off entirely. She put her legs together and slid off her panties.

 I picked them up and pretended to wring them out (they were like a wet dish rag). We giggled again. "Now spread your legs", I said.

Smiling all the while, she let one leg slide off the couch and raised the other. I noticed then that she'd shaved or waxed away all her pubic hair. In the middle of her crotch was a small, pink slit. The tiny lips were swollen and pulling apart. More clear slime was oozing from the bottom of this little pout.

 I looked at it for a while, not knowing what to do. That's when Lise said, "Ok, you've seen mine. Now show me yours."

I wasn't going to argue at that point. I pulled off my dress too. I even undid my bra so that I was completely naked. My comparatively small breasts hung from my chest like pointy pears.

"Now", said Lise, sitting up on the sofa again, "bend over for me."

 I didn't even respond, but I turned around and got on my knees on the couch, facing away from her. Acting as if I was doing a yoga pose, I leaned my chest down to the cushions and lifted my ass in the air. 

"Spread your legs more", said Lise. I complied. I just wanted her to see everything.

"My my", she said, "that is indeed a big cunt you've got there, my friend."

I have a pretty good idea of what she saw. My lips were swollen and soaking wet. I could feel the slight breeze coming in from the window. There were goosebumps on the inside of my thighs and my legs were trembling. I heard Lise whisper, "ok, big girl, let's see how many fingers you can take."

 She didn't mess around. She started with three, pushing them inside me so quickly and so deep that I gasped out loud. But I was so wet that it must have been like shoving her fingers into half-melted butter. She pulled them out again and then returned with all four. I could feel my pussy stretching, but it wasn't painful at all. I moaned in response. She was kneeling behind me. "So you want to fuck my boyfriend, heh?" she whispered. Not harshly, but gently, questioning.

"Yes." I confessed, to which she pushed her hand inside me again.

"You want to bend over for him?"

"Yes."

 She started sliding her hand in and out. I moaned loader.

"You want him to fuck you from behind until you come?"

I was dizzy, losing my mind. "Yes", I said, "yes. I want his big dick inside me. I want to taste his come. I want you to watch him fuck me."

 It was a big confession, but I didn't care. I wanted you and I wanted her to know it. And I wanted to orgasm so badly that I swear there was a metallic taste in my mouth.

But Lise stopped. She pulled out her hand and sat back on the couch.

"Do you?" she asked. "Fine, Jenna. But what about me?"

I turned around to face her. "You can have whatever you want.", I told her.

She looked at me sternly, although it was obvious that she was pretending. "Ok then. Suck my pussy." 

 Simple as that. I moved closer and she leaned back further and spread her legs. I got closer and she lifter her hips. I leaned down. She smelled just slightly sour. I didn't care. It was so hot. I licked up her slime, starting at the bottom. She gasped. I grabbed her thighs, pushing them further apart. Buried my face in her bare-skinned nest. I penetrated her with my tongue and found her tiny clit. 

She started making little whimpering sounds. She was so feminine. Then she came. I could feel her thighs vibrating. It didn't take long and it was over. 

 And do you know what she did then, James? She passed out. I shit you not. The combination of drugs and orgasm did her in and she was out like a light. She slept on the couch until noon the next day.

Can you imagine? I was actually a little embarrassed all of a sudden. It felt weird being "alone" on the couch. Still high, but feeling weird. 

 I went to the bedroom. I realized that there was still a long string of slime hanging from my pussy because it stuck to the inside of my thigh when I got up from the couch. I was pissed at Lise for falling asleep, but I still wanted to get off. I went in my bedroom and, still naked, leaned over the bed while kneeling on the floor. I imagined that Lise was sitting at my desk, watching. You were naked, behind me. I wanted nothing more at that moment for Lisette to watch you slide every inch of your huge dick into my sopping pussy. I wanted her to hear you moan as you felt me stretch and my insides envelope you completely. As I imagined this I reached between my legs and ran my fingers over my swollen clitoris. It was saturated in slimy juice, just as it is now as I write to you. What happens next is up to you...if you care to respond.

 Wet kisses,

 Jenna