 Dear Nicole,

 As I said in the last story I sent you, that was the only time Felecia and I did it in a locker room. I had one of my best orgasms ever that day. But perhaps you’d be interested in hearing about Felecia’s and my first time together, how we got started. My mom let me start dating when I was fourteen and I really enjoyed going out with boys. We kissed a lot, particularly at parties and things. I didn’t do any sexual things with a boy until I was fifteen, and during the three years before Felecia and I became lovers, I spent a lot of time with four boys named Jon, C.J., Ricky and Tim. My other girlfriends and I would make out with them and many times we would engage in heavy petting, masturbating each other for hours. 

 We would often do group gropes like that first fantastic time in Megan’s basement when we were fifteen. It was her birthday party and we were all making out as we had done several other times. For some reason though, this night was different. She had this huge sectional sofa and all eight of us were on it. I was with Ricky and I remember thinking that the kissing was so much more heated than ever before. I remember his hard cock pressing against my tummy as I laid on him and all of a sudden I was grabbing at it right through his jeans. He groaned and his hands swept over my tits and in just a few more seconds, he had one hand under my shirt and the other in my pants.  That was the heavenly night during which I discovered for the first time how much I loved having my tits sucked. I let him pull up my shirt and suck my nipples. After five minutes of that, he hardly had to touch my clit and I went off. This was the first time I had an orgasm with another person. 

 But at the same time I was having ambivalent, sexual feelings about other girls, too. I really didn’t know what to make of it. It was a strange feeling to be talking to one of my friends like Megan or Jessi and begin to notice how sexy their lips, eyes, even collarbones looked.  I found myself standing closer to them so that I could smell their perfume, sometimes fantasizing about them when I masturbated.  I couldn’t say anything because I didn’t know what to say. Those feelings were confirmed the day that C.J. brought a porn movie to one of our get-togethers.  He’d had to sneak it from his house and we watched it with the sound turned way low because his parents were upstairs. This was a first for us and all of us got really turned on.

 Are you at all familiar with some of the actresses in porn, Nicole? There is one whose name is Barbara Dare. She has very beautiful breasts (probably size “B”). Her tits have this erotic, upturned cuteness to them and they’re topped with sexy, hard nipples. I don’t remember the name of the woman she made love to, but during their lesbian scene I got so turned on I almost came just by rubbing my thighs together. The only reason why I didn’t was because my girlfriends were making noises like “eeeyyyuuuu” and “yu…u…ck” during the whole scene. When she started to lick her partner’s pussy, I thought I was going to faint with desire. Yet, I knew from their reaction that my three friends were probably out of reach.  That movie confirmed what I was starting to think; that I wanted girls also, but whom?

 Then one day, the first school day of my senior year, Felecia showed up. As I described to you in my previous story, she was to die for; so beautiful, such great legs, an incredible ass.  I was so hot for her, it was all I could do to maintain a measure of poise.  You know now that she was in my P.E. class and we struck up an acquaintance; not only did she look good but she was really nice as well. I introduced her to Megan, Jessi and Nikki and they liked her too. After the first month of school we all decided that since Felecia was new it would be polite to invite her to the overnite party we girls had planned for the weekend. This was such an opportunity for me that I quickly “volunteered” to invite her. 

 “Hey, Felecia,” I said, walking up to her in the hallway.

 “Hey, Nancy,” she replied. “Why does James give such long tests, so many questions. Did you notice that he asked the same question twice?.”

 “Yup…he just wants to keep us busy for the whole period.”

 “Well, I’m exhausted from it.”

 “You’ll get used to him, but you know what?” I said, putting my hand on her arm, “Maybe you need some rest and relaxation. What do you do for fun?”

 “Oh…we’ve been so busy settling in that there hasn’t been much time for that, what with school and all.” Felecia’s eyes showed a little spark, “Did you have something in mind?”

 “Yeah, me and my friends are having an overniter this weekend at my house, wanna come?”

 Felecia quickly brightened, “Oh, I’d love to, what do I bring?” 

 “Just your stuff, I’m supplying the goodies. Be ready when the bell rings because we’re going right over to my house.”

 Friday couldn’t come quickly enough for me. During the week I spent quite a bit of time with her. I soon saw that she was even more wonderful than I had thought at first and that only made me want her more. After our last hour class, Felecia and I grabbed our things and headed out to the parking lot. Nikki was waiting in her car and we got into the back seat where the first of several significant things happened, Felecia took my hand. 

 I looked into her eyes and saw something there, but being as inexperienced as I was in this area, I wasn’t sure what it was. It was something different though because when Megan and Jessi climbed into the car she quickly released me. Wow! I felt flushed and definitely overheated. Felecia was sitting right up against my side and I prayed that she wouldn’t feel my heart pounding in my chest. My nipples had hardened and were rigidly pushing against the restraints of my bra. My palms felt really clammy. 

 As we pulled out of the parking lot, significant thing number two happened. Felecia put her hand on her own thigh with her fingers between us. She then moved her fingers against my thigh. I looked over at her but she just chatted on with us as if nothing were happening. Something was happening in my panties though. I was getting aroused and I think she knew it because she looked at me for just a second and shot me this wry, little smile. I screwed up my courage and, pretending to scratch my left arm, I took two fingers and lightly brushed her bicep. I saw her look at me out of the corner of her eye…and smile again.

 Then, number three occurred. As we were retrieving our bags from the trunk, I was bending over to reach way inside. Felecia put her hand on my back and lightly drew her nails across my skin from the shoulder blade to my tailbone. That was really an erotic feeling and I shuddered with lust. These things were arousing me beyond my ability to control them. I had to say something.

 Blushing, I began, “Felecia, I…”

 “Shhhh…just wait,” she whispered, glancing over my shoulder.

 She moved to get something out of the trunk herself and as she did her right forearm grazed past my breasts, lingering there ever so momentarily. This was just too much and I grabbed my stuff and almost ran into the house, quite overcome. Something was happening for sure; the only problem was that I didn’t have the patience to wait like she said.

 Fortunately, we got busy with the preparations for the party. Jessi and Megan went out to Blockbuster Video while Nikki, Felecia and I set up the rec room for the night. While we worked, and out of the corner of my eye I saw Felecia do something strange. She took one of the pillows I had just brought in and dumped it behind the sofa. 

 “Ya’ know what, Nance, I think we’re short a pillow. Where can we get another one?”

 I’m sure I looked a little confused but she raised one eyebrow, and tilted her head toward the door. She clearly wanted us to go upstairs.

 “Oh…okay…I’ll go get another one,” I said haltingly.

 “I’ll go with you, I’d like to see your house.”

 We headed toward the steps and I said to Nikki, “Cokes are in the fridge, Nik,”

 As we climbed the stairs, my heart started racing again. Significant thing number four was about to happen and I realized it. 

 “I think there’s another one in my room.” I choked the words out because the anticipation had gripped my throat.

 “Oh, good, I wanna see that.” 

 Felecia sounded as calm as anything. I turned to look at her and her eyes were positively shining back at me. We opened the door and she immediately pulled me behind it by the arm. I don’t think she even took the time to look at the room. She pushed me up against the wall and leaned into me, her left hand caressing my cheek and her right hand pushing the hair out of my face and behind my ear. Her face was only inches from me and her eyes gazed longingly into mine. I had seen this look before at our make-out parties; but this was the first time I received it from a girl. I reached under Felecia’s arms and gently held her shoulder blades. Her lips got closer and closer…it was going to happen!

 “Kiss me, Nance, I’m so hot for you!”

 That was all I needed; I pulled her into me the rest of the way and our lips met. It was soft and slow at first and I moaned when the tight anticipation began melting away and was replaced with a different fire. This was way different than the hard, insistent kisses with boys, so gentle and so erotic.  We opened our mouths wide as the passion grew and when our tongues first touched I shuddered again and groaned. I was aware that Felecia had one hand on my left tit and the other around my neck, but I only wanted her lips and tongue at this point. The tongues were swirling around each other in a way I had never experienced before and it was exciting me beyond belief. Finally we stopped to breathe. Felecia sighed and spoke first.

 “I’ve wanted to do that for two weeks now.”

 “You did? How did you know I wanted to?”

 “Oh, Nancy, I realized right away you were into girls. You’re a good actress but your eyes give you away. Back in Colorado I had a couple of girl friends. I can spot the signs anytime.”

 I colored a little and then admitted, “But this is the first time I’ve ever kissed a girl.”

 “Isn’t it good,” she enthused. “I like boys too but girl kisses are too much and you’re sexy as anything. I know you’ve never done it but I’ve got to have you, do you want to?”

 “Yes,” I said without hesitation. It was a big step but I needed her badly. “The only problem is when?”

 “Tonight…when everyone’s asleep, we can sneak back here. Are your folks gonna be home?”

 “Yeah, but their room’s on the other side of the house.”

 “Awesome, grab a pillow and let’s get back to Nikki.”

 The rest of the evening was spent with pizza and movies and talking and laughing. Of course we talked about sex and boys and we got to know a lot about our new friend. She was definitely into boys too and she had just as many stories about wild parties as did. We beat that subject to death and Felecia was very open about her sexual history (with guys). We ran out of questions at around 1:30 so we all scattered around the room and found our blankets and pillows. Felecia and I were relatively close together in the room and at around 2:15 we sat up. The other three girls were zonked, but we were wide, wide awake.

 Without a word we got up and crept softly up the steps wearing only our t-shirts and panties. My heart was pounding again but it was good this time because I was so excited. There were to be no more fantasies, no more confusing thoughts. I had wanted this for a long time and now it was going to happen with this goddess of a girl. We locked the door and fell onto the bed together.

 Nicole, I’m not sure I can describe the passion here. We devoured each other’s mouths, lips and tongues. The kiss went on and on and after about five minutes, Felecia pulled my shirt up over my tits and began licking them feverishly. When her tongue touched my nipple for the first time I gasped sharply.

 “You like that, huh?” she giggled.

 “My nipples are so sensitive,” I managed to say. “You’ll never be able to suck them enough!”

 “Here,” she said, “let me show you something. Get on your hands and knees and let your boobs hang in my face. I’m about to drive you wild.”

 I quickly assumed her suggested position wondering what she meant to do. Felecia pushed my breasts together and quickly slurped both nipples into her mouth at the same time, sucking on them hard and flicking them with her tongue. I had never considered that this was possible and If the house had been empty I would have screamed in ecstasy. It was all I could do to keep quiet. To this day, someone sucking both of my nipples at the same time is my second favorite thing in sex after kissing. 

 “Oh, Felecia…yesss!” I groaned. “Where did you learn…Oh!...OH!...yes, Oh, Felecia, keep doing that…suck my tits…suck my nipples…harder! …my God! Yesssss…”

 I’m convinced that there is a direct line from my nipples to my clit because when Felecia kept sucking it took about three minutes for me to orgasm. When I stiffened and went off I momentarily heard Felecia giggle and then she buried her tongue deep in my mouth again while my body shook with pleasure.

 “My God, where did you learn that,” I managed to ask.

 “Well, I said I had a girl friend or two. It’s really cool that you can cum from tit-sucking, and I’ve got a lot more to show you; lie down on your back.”

 I couldn’t wait to see what was next and when I was in position Felecia licked my nipples a little more, then worked her way down my body kissing my tummy. She never stopped playing with my tits and she strummed the nipples with her fingers. When she reached my inner thighs and the crease between the thighs and my pussy, I thought I was going to go off again from all the foreplay, but then she went straight to my clit and stuck two fingers into my cunt. Five seconds later I was convulsing again from another explosive orgasm. I shuddered again and again and it was so difficult to keep quiet that I found myself crying.

 Still, she wasn’t through. “One more, Nancy, I want to show you one more!”

 “Felecia…No…I want to touch you…I want to…”

 She would have none of it. She got me back on my hands and knees with my pussy lowered onto her face. She reached up and grabbed my tits again and flicked at the nipples with her thumbs. God, she so already had me figured out. Then she began licking my slit from top to bottom and back again, pausing every once in a while to stick her tongue up my vagina and swirl it around in there. I really couldn’t hold my hips still but Felecia stayed with me.

 “Uhhnnnhhh…Oh, OH! Felecia!...Oh, God…OH, Gawwwd!  Oh, lick me, yes, Fuck me…yes!, that’s it…right there…yeah…Oh, yeah!” I just couldn’t get enough.

 This time I felt it rising from my toes; I felt it coming and it was hurtling up past my calves and knees like a tidal wave. I could tell before it hit that it was going to be the best ever. I quickly grabbed a pillow and pulled it up into my face because I knew there was no way I could keep silent this time. Felecia must have sensed it coming because she moved immediately to my clitoris and sucked on it hard. It slammed into me so hard that I really did scream into the pillow. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over me and Felecia rode it out with me, ever so gently stroking one breast with her right hand and my ass cheeks with the other. She had this clever little finger play that swept past my exposed clit as she stroked and it kept the cum flowing for several seconds more. I collapsed and just lay there, reveling in what had just happened. This was easily the most fun I had ever had in my life.

 After a few minutes I was able to say, “Felecia?”

 “Yes, love.”

 “I don’t know what to say…what can I do for you now?

 “Nothing, Nancy.”

 “But, I want you, too!”

 “Not this time, it was your first. Did you enjoy it?”

 “Oh, I knew it could be good…I fantasized many times that it would be… but this was better than all of that.”

 “Yeah…I wanted your first time to be awesome…mine was, too.” Felecia lay next to me stroking my hair and touching my lips. “I only have one request,”

 “Anything.”

 “Are you free tomorrow night?”

 “Can I stay over?”

Well, Nicole, that was my first time with a girl. Did you like it? Was it too long? Would you like to hear about the next night? Wow! I’m pretty turned on right now, bye!

Love, Nancy