 Jeni was on her way downtown just shy of rush hour and already having a stressful day. "This week was rough," she muttered to herself while her Jeep Liberty sat in traffic. It started out hectic, progressed towards crazy and it was far from being over. Her brother was getting married and the proposal was only two weeks ago; it left little time to plan. 

'At least when I got married I gave people notice...' she thought to herself. Jeni was coming up on her anniversary; eleven years and counting. Although Jeni loved her husband, it was difficult to maintain a 'normal' sex life. She worked nights as a RN and her husband was a sales representative and on the road constantly. 

Since he was rarely in town, Jeni focused a lot of her time and attention on his two beautiful daughters; Ashley was nineteen and Lynn was seventeen. Her relationship with Ashley though was significant and took up most of her free time. Most step-mothers may have complained, but Jeni welcomed it. She considered Ashley her 'sweet girl' and therefore gave her special privileges. Even though Ashley stayed with her mom, she was allowed to come and go as she pleased from Jeni's house. She was always pleasantly surprised when Ashley would show up unannounced and then spend the night on a whim. 

Earlier this morning when Jeni got off from work, she found Ashley sleeping in her bed. Generally Ashley slept naked and this morning was no different. When Jeni walked in and saw her breasts peaking out of the comforter and her legs wrapped around a pillow; she felt inspired. In order to 'channel' her sexual frustrations, Jeni turned her attention to young Ashley. There would be nights where Jeni would watch her for hours.

Jeni never touched Ashley directly. Instead Jeni would stroke her own clit, while she wished that Ashley was between her legs. This morning though the normal routine was cut short, because Jeni got a little carried away. Work was rough that night; her husband hadn't been home to fuck her in months and Ashley's little hot pink snatch pressed into the pillow called to Jeni this morning. 

Jeni stood outside of the room and pulled her breasts out of her tank top and dropped her pants to her ankles. She leaned into the wall and kicked her leg up onto the door to use it as a brace. This way she could play with herself while she watched her sweet girl sleep. Jeni's hips rolled as she slammed three fingers deep into her cunt. The whole time she whispered to herself, "Eat me sweet girl....cum lick me sweet girl...fuck me with your tongue sweet girl..." Jeni was so close, but when Ashley's phone vibrated it caused a stir. Jeni couldn't finish and ran into a nearby bathroom to redress. Then when she heard Ashley call out for her, she knew she wouldn't finish anytime soon.

She was still stuck in traffic and just now a mile or so from her destination. Jeni was still so hot and bothered over Ashley in bed this morning. All she could see while stopped at a red light was Ashley's perky little breasts, with their huge nipples. How her tight pink pussy just called for Jeni to fuck it with her tongue. So to finish what she started, Jeni stuck her hand in her pants and pushed her thong aside; she was so slick and swollen. Just before she plunged her fingers into her mound, there was a honk behind her. The light had turned green and Jeni hit the gas with a curse. 

The rehearsal was tomorrow night and the wedding would be the day after. Almost every moment was to be spent with her 'sweet girl' and that was music to Jeni's ears. Tonight provided her with plenty of inspiration; she was on her way a dress fitting, with young Ashley scheduled to show a bit later on. 

Since the wedding was thrown together, it prompted Jeni to call a dear friend Billie Jo for help. Inseparable at college, they had kept in close contact through moves, marriages and even divorce. Billie Jo was now living upstate with her two children and Jeni knew she'd be happy to arrange an appointment with her personal seamstress for a fitting. The phone call last night, to Billie Jo, brought back so many memories for Jeni. One of which she daydreamed about now in traffic; their last night together in college...

Their relationship at that time was filled with hugs, kisses and other general displays of affection. It also involved some intimacy issues, like the way Billie Jo would strip and change in front of her. Jeni was titillated by her friend's body, because it always provided her with a mesmerizing view. They roomed together in college and Billie Jo, much like young Ashley, always slept naked. Since their room was so small and they spent four years together, Jeni knew every inch of Billie Jo's body. Some nights, Jeni would play with herself, and fantasize it was Billie Jo raping her body (some habits die hard)...

The girls parted one evening after a graduation party. Their room was filled with emotion and their bodies had just the right mix of alcohol. When Billie Jo embraced her friend for a heartfelt goodbye, she took Jeni's face in her warm hands; then caressed Jeni's lips with her fingers. She kissed Jeni's forehead and stroked her hair so tenderly that Jeni felt herself melt all over. They had been through so much together and their time was about to end. 

Neither girl knew what made them admit that they felt for each other. Billie Jo knew about all the nights that Jeni watched her. How Jeni would ravage her cunt while she spoke under her breath, her eyes locked on Billie Jo's helpless body. She felt so drawn, that her hand became firm under Jeni's chin. Her intentions were clear and without warning she took Jeni by the back of her neck and carefully pushed her tongue into Jeni's tight, wet mouth. She was a delicate flower to her, so Billie Jo began to open the petals one by one. Billie Jo took her time with Jeni that night and even though it never went past a kiss, Jeni became soaked that night. Something she was reminded of as she pulled onto a side road.

Her destination was apparently the two-story building before her. The first floor was clearly marked as a shop and the upper floor appeared to be a live-in apartment. When Jeni pulled into a vacant parking spot she wanted to change her clothes; her panties were flooded and she didn't want to botch her first impression. 

That's when Jeni was reminded of Billie Jo's words last evening about Marcella...

"I met her after college. Marcella is an excellent seamstress, just follow her directions. I trust her to get you both ready for Saturday and thankfully she is available..." The conversation trailed in Jeni's mind as she stepped out of the Jeep. 

She grabbed her purse and dress out of her trunk, and then she locked the doors behind her with a curse, "Son of a Bitch!" Jeni realized that her strapless bra and stockings were left at home. "So there goes a bra for the fitting (since her sports bra wasn't going to cut it) and I'm in a soaked thong to boot, fucking laundry day," she muttered to herself.

Once at the side entrance, she knocked twice as instructed and waited. A few moments went by before Marcella appeared. She smiled warmly and extended her hand to politely invite Jeni in "I'm Marcella, pleasure to meet you Jeni...I assume Ashley will be arriving on her own today?" as the door closed behind them. Her heavy Spanish accent took Jeni by surprise; it made everything seem to just roll off her tongue. 

"Yes...Ashley will be arriving later, thank you so much for your availability. You really got us out of a jam with the wedding on Saturday and all" Jeni felt nervous, like she had butterflies in her stomach; like the ones that accompanied a first date. As they climbed the stairs to the top floor, Jeni couldn't help but follow the luscious ass in front of her. Her gaze was only interrupted by Marcella's sultry words, "I've made arrangements in my apartment so we aren't disturbed. I hope you don't mind..."

"Oh of course not, I hope we're not imposing. I can call Ashley to see if she can come earlier," Jeni said as they reached the top of the stairs. She was led to an open room where there were full-length mirrors positioned next to an ornate screen. Out of the corner of her eye, Jeni saw a beautiful red couch, big enough to fit three comfortably against the main wall. 

When Marcella took the dress from Jeni, she asked her to place her belongings behind the ornate screen. "I like to treat each client like a model, in order to give you the time and attention you deserve. I want you to pose for me, feel comfortable with your body and be able to take my direction. Can you do that Jeni?" Marcella's tone was firm as she placed the gown over the dress form.

"Yes, I believe I can do that" Jeni said as she bent over behind the screen. Marcella watched Jeni's ass and saw a wet spot through her light gray sweat pants. Marcella's clit throbbed and under her breath she said "Good girl," as she walked over to a curio.

"Would you like a drink my dear?" with a wink she removed a bottle of wine and two glasses. When Jeni confirmed the offer with a nod, Marcella uncorked the bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon and poured it slowly into each glass. As they talked about their time in the city and how they both knew Billie Jo, they finished half of their wine. That was a cue, as Marcella rose from her seat and walked towards the mirrors. "You have to be honest with me. It's the only way that I know you truly like your finished product and you are a paying customer my dear!" Marcella said with a light chuckle. "Ah yes," Jeni reached into her wallet and pulled out some money. 

"Oh no, Billie Jo made all of the arrangements for both you and Ashley this evening. So just sit back and relax my dear. Trust in the fact that you both will be taken care of before the end of the evening", as Marcella finished her statement, Jeni's body flushed. 

This heat wasn't just from Marcella's words, Jeni also felt drawn to her body. Her olive skin was the perfect canvas for her dark features. Her mane was a black nest of curls that fell to the top of her hips. Her eyes a dark shade of brown and they were so large you couldn't escape her gaze.

Jeni noticed that her face had a strong bone structure; it provided an excellent canvas for the makeup she applied. When she stood close to Marcella, Jeni smelled an exotic fragrance that reminded her of jasmine, refreshing and calming. Her eyes then fell to Marcella's outfit. She wore a bright red sarong that outlined her womanly hips. It was tied high over her right thigh and left most of her leg exposed. The blouse she wore was with soft white linen and it neckline was deep. 'Tracks of land' was the phrase that came to Jeni's mind and she tried to imagine how they large they really were.

As she became more aroused, Jeni realized she wasn't the only person taking in the sights. Marcella watched Jeni intently and her look was so primal. Marcella studied her muse and scanned her features slowly. Jeni may have worked evenings, but she remained active during the day, which gave her skin a sun-kissed look. Her hair wasn't a natural blonde, but the color complimented her well. Its length stopped at her chin and was feathered so it fell freely around her face. 

The she gazed into Jeni's eyes which were by far her most stunning feature. They were Hazel and had a narrow almond shape that pierced you when engaged. Jeni small stature, but her breasts were heavy for her petite frame. When Marcella's attention dropped to Jeni's mound, she reminded herself of the wet spot from earlier and decided to make her move. She placed her glass on a nearby table and gestured for Jeni to do the same.

"Alright my dear, let us get started. I need you in whatever garments you prefer to wear under your dress..." before Marcella could continue she noticed a change in Jeni's demeanor. "I feel so embarrassed saying this, but I left my strapless bra and stockings at home...I only have a sports bra and a thong...not the most prepared client I'm afraid..." Jeni felt mortified, but Marcella walked over and gently placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder.

"I want you to feel comfortable here. I want to see your body and experience it to make the dress highlight your curves.... your features...and your charms. Do you trust me Jeni?" Marcella's eyes were locked on her. "Yes, if Billie Jo trusts you, I trust you" she finished the statement and felt her nipples harden through her shirt.

"I want you to place your clothes on the couch. Everything but your bra and thong" her tone changed and Marcella continued to watch until she complied. 

Obediently, Jeni neatly placed her clothes on the arm of the couch. She was left in a fitted black sports bra and her lime green thong. Instead of feeling embarrassed, Jeni started to feel empowered. She acted like a true professional and posed in front of the mirror, ready and willing for the inspection. The two women exchanged few words; they just assumed the roles of artist and muse. Marcella started by spreading Jeni's legs, shoulder width apart. She took Jeni's arms and carefully placed them away from her body; exposing her chest. 

As she studied her, Marcella decided that Jeni needed to lose the bra. "I can get a better feel for your measurement if you're bare..." she tugged on the bra in such a disapproving way that Jeni dropped it. Now her muse was truly ready, so Marcella grabbed a soft measuring tape.

Her movements were sensual and deliberate, because Marcella wanted to send a message to Jeni; to tell her everything she wasn't hearing. Oh but Jeni's body heard her, loud and clear. Her pussy was so wet and slick from earlier; her body had nowhere to run so it just throbbed with each touch. Jeni felt lightheaded and when Marcella caressed her biceps, some of her mane fell across Jeni's breasts. It gave her an instant head rush; she had to bite her lip just to steady herself.

Jeni wanted to fulfill this lifelong fantasy. Even though Jeni was married, she obviously had her share of dark secrets. To watch Ashley and Billie Jo was one thing, to play with herself at the same time was another, but Jeni's deepest secret was that she craved a woman's touch. She wanted someone to advance and render her a victim of circumstance; a willing victim at that.

Marcella's hands reached Jeni's neck and the tape slowly wrapped around her throat. Jeni's lips parted slightly and the sexiest little moan came out. Marcella took note with an evil twinkle in her eye. She leaned in so close to Jeni, the tape was snug around her throat and Marcella pressed against her naked breasts. Jeni's heart pounded, as she waited for Marcella to speak. 

"Are you a bad girrrl Jeni?" the way she said girl, had such a subtle purr to it. Jeni was so excited she barely kept still. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath in; the jasmine still lingered. When she exhaled a soft "Yes" came from Jeni's mouth. It was the first time she was ever asked that question; led alone responded to it. 

"I don't think I heard you bad girl, what did you say?" Marcella's lips rubbed up against Jeni's ear when she whispered the question. The tape grew a bit tighter around her throat and Marcella's breasts were so tight against her body; Jeni could hardly breathe. Jeni closed her eyes and attempted to regain her composure.

"Open your eyes my dear," when Jeni obeyed she was pleased to see Marcella's face just inches from her own. She released the tape from her throat and placed it around Jeni's back. Slowly she brought the ends of the tape around so they pushed Jeni's tits together. Marcella harnessed Jeni's breasts and used the tape like a set of reins.

"36C my dear, very nice, would you like to know how I compare. I caught you staring earlier, shame on you bad girl" Chills ran through Jeni's body and she looked straight into Marcella's eyes.

"Yes, I'd like to know and I was staring, you're beautiful" Jeni was shocked by her own statement. Marcella just looked hungry; she pinched the tape with one hand and untied her blouse. It fell to the floor and revealed breasts so large, they engulfed Jeni's. Her skin was so warm and smooth on Jeni's flesh. Their nipples rubbed together, it was such a turn on, but Jeni wouldn't move; it was Marcella's lead she followed. 

These words and gestures fueled Jeni and Marcella sensed her heat. She advanced on Jeni's mouth before it could utter a protest. As they kissed, Jeni felt Marcella grab her nipples and pinched them gently. Her body writhed from the attention, she moaned into Marcella's mouth with each. Their kiss came to a close and Marcella released her breasts. 

She kept Jeni's body posed, well...displayed was more like it...and these erotic suggestions set the true tone for the evening. Marcella continued her journey by exploring the curves of her stomach. She knelt before Jeni and measured her thighs and hips seductively. At this point, Jeni felt as if her clit was being tortured without being touched. This anticipation made her juices flow and she craved more.

The tape now rested on Jeni's hips and Marcella was in front of her prize; a soaked mound. Jeni imagined how swollen she was or how large the wet spot in her thong was. Marcella leaned in and wanted to take this opportunity, to paint the beautiful canvas before her and savor every moment. Marcella let the tape fall to the floor and fondled Jeni's exposed ass. 

"Tell me why you are so wet Jeni..." she pulled at her thong, parted her lips and slapped the inside of her thighs to spread them further.

"I...I...I want you to lick me so badly Marcella," Jeni confessed with a sigh. With an evil plan in mind, Marcella took her mouth and started kissing at Jeni's knee. When finished she rested high up on Jeni's hip. Marcella's tongue found the thin strap of the thong and worked her tongue under the fabric. It traveled slowly along the groove to Jeni's inner thigh. She stopped just above the swollen pussy and Jeni's heart was racing to catch up.

"You have brought me honey this evening and I will drink it until I want to stop. Do you understand me?" Marcella spoke directly to the cunt before her. She skillfully took her hands and went to the top of Jeni's hips and slipped her thong to the floor. In response, Jeni gently bit her bottom lip to try and stop her moans, but to no avail. Marcella then groped Jeni's swollen labia with her teeth and tongue. 

"How badly do you want to cum Jeni? What if I don't let you?" Her tongue started at the top of her clit and traced down each lip slowly. The sequence ended with a light suck on Jeni's hood. This was a potent combination that sent Jeni into a spiral; she felt her inner slut coming out one lick at a time.

"You're a good little slut aren't you Jeni? Your body is all hot and bothered for me. A married woman you are, but you crave this don't you?" Marcella said in a torturous tone.

Marcella indulged in Jeni's pussy and her engorged clit looked like a piece of ripe hanging fruit and it was ready to be plucked. So Marcella began to suck slowly, while two of her fingers teased the opening of her snatch. They slid in, out and around; like a cock with a mind of its own. This made Jeni roll her hips uncontrollably, as she lost herself in the moment. 

"Yes...oh yes...I want to fuck your face," the voice was unlike anything Jeni had ever muttered. Before she knew it, Jeni started to grind her pussy into Marcella's mouth without even realizing it. She imagined it was Ashley's small face; eating her honey and licking her pot inside and out. Her muscles contracted as she bucked wildly on Marcella's fingers. Jeni used her hands and forced Marcella's head to stay on course; she had been waiting for this moment for so long and she wasn't going anywhere. Marcella used the flat part of her tongue to lap her clit up and down like a dog. All of this was so sinful to Jeni, but she knew her body was rising to the occasion. The grip on Marcella's hair tightened and allowed Jeni to release her pent up moans.
