 Dear Nicole,

Yes...you're right! I finished all my shopping on Friday, three days before Christmas. And I did notice that Felecia hadn't even called me since Monday. It's a good thing that I was so busy for the two days after the "fun" with Megan and C.J. or I'd have really been pissed. I missed her terribly and in a strange way I was a little jealous of Teddy. It wasn't that I necessarily wanted her all to myself, but we had been getting so close and I wanted her and I wasn't getting her and I wondered if she missed me too!

Anyway, the next day was Saturday and that morning, the rest of my family went out to get the last few gifts, leaving me with the whole house to myself. I got up, had a little cold cereal and then I climbed into the bathtub for a shower and to shave my legs. The warmth felt so good and I've always loved the sensation of water running over my freshly-shaved skin. I pulled out my tube of kiwi/lime shower gel and soaped my neck and boobs thoroughly. Squeezing my soapy tits, letting them slip through my fingers, pinching and finger tipping the slippery nipples has always been such a turn-on for me. Don't you just love it too?

"Wow! That's super-sexy, Nance!" I was so startled by that voice that I very nearly jumped clean out of the tub! Felecia stood in the doorway and giggled when she saw the look on my face.

"God damn it!" I squeaked, noticing who it was. "You nearly gave me a heart attack!" My heart was pounding in my throat but I was smiling broadly. It was so good to see her again.

She was giggling at my fluster and said, "It was fun setting this up with your mom! When I called Thursday night, she said the rest of your family would be gone all day, so we decided to leave the door unlocked. I planned on slipping into bed with you, but this is even better!"

"Uh-huh, well...I was starting to wonder what happened to you."

Felecia leaned over the edge of the tub and kissed me. It wasn't a greeting kiss; it was soft, and warm and it stirred me up like you wouldn't believe, Nicole. Her right hand curled under my tit and caressed the soapy skin there until I let out a low, throaty moan. She stopped immediately and laughed her little, unique laugh. "So...I take it you missed me then?"

I slapped the shower spray in her direction and giggled, "Yeah...but don't tell anybody, we don't want them thinking there's something going on between us!"

Felecia ignored that remark, "Well, aren't you gonna touch yourself some more? Like I was having such a good time watching! Do you need to put one of those nipples in my mouth?"

She pulled her shorts and panties down and stepped into the tub. I was already rinsing off my boobs so she could have a suck and she reached around me under the spray of water. Kissing the back of my neck, Felecia finger-tipped my nipples and tickled the underside curve of my tits. I turned my head so she could suck my ear lobes and lick behind them. Reaching both hands behind me, I gripped her ass cheeks and drew us closer together, and pretty soon we were kissing lightly over my shoulder.

"Oh, God! Nance..." she breathed while lipping my tongue, "are we gonna have some fun this morning?"

"Yup!" (Shit, Nicole...I was so excited!) "You ready? You need me?"

"Ohhhh...Fuck yesss...." she moaned. "It's been so long since I ate your sweet pussy...I need you so bad!"

Felecia turned me around and I immediately reached for the bottom of her belly shirt and drew it up over her head. I hadn't noticed she was bra-less until those gorgeous breasts quivered into view, but when they did, I groaned her name and pulled her to me. Her nipples were hard already and they felt so good against mine as our tits slid together. 

The kiss that followed was one of our best ever! It was full of hunger and passion and it made my pussy do one flip-flop after the other. It started out tenderly, but we soon lost it as the electricity arced back and forth between us. The heat was pushed so high that we were desperately sucking at each other's lips and tongues, almost like eating our mouths! 

Somewhere in the middle of that, we clasped hands and Felecia maneuvered me against the back wall, pinning my arms to it very close to my ears. This stretched my tits higher and Felecia dragged her boobs repeatedly across my teats sending aroused rockets from the hard points to my tummy and to my pussy. God, was I ever on fire now, the need was becoming overwhelming! The cold tile on my back raised chill bumps to the surface and there was a small misdirected spray of water which was hitting us from the side, making my skin feel even colder. 

But...OHHHH! Felecia felt very warm...and her kiss tasted so good...my emotions just overflowed! "I love you, Felecia!" I murmured into her mouth. She didn't respond with words; she just released my hands and held my face, driving her tongue deeper than ever. Ohh, God! Did I ever love that! I sucked at her tongue so hungrily!

Mmm...when the kiss finally broke, Felecia reached over and turned off the shower. "I wanna do this," she whispered. "I bet you'll taste sooo good!" She spun me around. "Bend over and brace yourself on the wall," she hissed. I spread my legs some more and bent over, giving her my ass. She squirted some shower gel in her hands and sat down behind me. Almost immediately she shoved her face into my crack and began tonguing my anus. I jumped in surprise and bumped my head on the wall; it was a good thing I had my hands there!

"Godddd...Oh, Babeeee...Oh, my Goddd...Fuck! Ohhhhhh...yesssss...suck my ass! Oh, God...Felecia...yesss! Suck my asshole...ohhhhhh, FUCK!! She was stabbing her tongue in there, Nicole, and in seconds I was flipping out! Her soapy thumbs reached between my legs and slipped into my vagina, thumb-fucking me and slippery-flicking my clitoris! I started thrusting my ass back at her face a little, and she sucked my asshole harder in appreciation.

Then one of her slick hands found my right tit and she started tugging on the nipple. She wasn't able to hold on long because of the slippery gel, but she held it long enough to shake my tit a bit. My back was arching so much I thought I'd break something! I heard her moaning and groaning in desperation. Oh fuck! I never heard her so into something before!

"OH, GODDD...FELECIAAAA...YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME CUM! OH, GOD! I'M GONNA CUMMM!"

Felecia pinched at my clit between her thumb and forefinger, "Cum for me, Baby," she managed to cry, "fuckin' cum for me...you little slut!" Her tongue drove into my ass again!

That did it! My body fucking exploded! I was her slut...I knew I was! I screamed and came, the orgasm wracking me and forcing several shuddering groans out of my throat!

I heard Felecia saying, "Ohhh fuck yesss! Mmm...I love it when you cum like that, Nancy! Do you know that?"

I leaned against the wall, stuck to it for a minute. I couldn't move! Felecia just sat there and stroked my ass and the back of my legs, letting me recover. "Thank you! Ohhh...my, Goddd...I needed that so bad...." My voice trailed away and I heard Felecia giggle.

"Turn around; I'm not through with you yet!"

I smiled and turned, standing straight but leaning against the wall again. Felecia briefly turned on the shower and wet us down again, then took the shower gel once more. Oh God! Nicole...it will be difficult to convey how erotic this next part was. I'm sure I don't always do a good job describing how something feels. Felecia began lathering us up again...and I don't mean just a little bit! Our bodies were white with soap! She didn't just lather me either, her hands were everywhere...massaging my hips, two hands circling my legs from ankle to pussy, one hand caressing my ass...the other my tummy, palming my girl-slit, finger-tipping my tits and nipples, nails scraping the sides of my breasts. She had me writhing in ecstasy! It was so erotic and felt so fucking good that I could have stood there for hours and let her do me. I was on the verge of cumming several times (especially when she was doing my tits) and if she'd have let me touch myself some, I would have! 

"Now do me, Nance!"

I was almost fainting with desire as I did the same thing for her. The only difference being, she didn't stay quiet! In fact, she directed me! 

"Oh God, yesss...oh, my God Baby! Yesss...now do my shoulders...soft...fingertips on my back...Oooo....FUCK! That's it...now my sides...use your whole hand, grab it more...squeeze it more...that's it...Fuck yesss! Oh, Goddd! Here...let me turn around...now do my ass!" 

Felecia spread her legs more and my hands slipped down from the small of her back and my thumbs worked the creases between her cheeks and thighs. "Oooo...Nanceee... Fuck yes! Tease my asshole! Fuckin' tease it...lightly...Oh, my Goddd...Oooo, I want you to fuck my ass later, okay? Yesss...touch it like that!" 

She was squirming under my hands as one of my index fingers slipped into her asshole. We were both so foamy, covered to the point where I couldn't see that much of her skin but you should have heard her when I pushed the finger in. "Ohhh...SHITTT! Babeee...Oh God FUCK my ass like that! Yesss..." 

My other hand pushed farther between her legs and I started thumbing her slit and massaging her clit. I thought she was going to climb the wall, soap and all! "Ohhh... Ohh...Uhh...Unghhhh...Ahhh...Nancyyyy...Oh God...I'm gonna cum, here I go... Ahhh..UNGGHHH...FUCK IT...FUCK MEEE!" She went off like a firecracker, screaming loudly as the orgasm detonated deep in her center. The first couple of spasms sent her flat against the wall, but on the third one she squatted to the floor, her face/cheek sliding down the tile. I certainly couldn't hold on. I just let my hand glide up her back and I reveled in the awesome fun we always had together.

Felecia giggled a little (when she finally could!) and she stood up facing me again. We were still both covered in lather and looked kind of funny just standing there like that. I giggled too! 

"That was a good one, huh?" I giggled some more.

"Oh, Fuck yes!" She managed to reply. "Talk about needing one! Whewww!" 

She held me by the upper arms and pulled me against her. There wasn't much soap on our faces and I leaned into it and we kissed for another long minute, our slippery soaped bodies gliding over each other's almost imperceptibly. Feeling this slight and slick movement, I started to move even more, pressing myself into her, trying to get as much contact from head to knee as I could. I even wrapped one leg around her and started to slide up and down her body a bit. I didn't want to stop kissing, but this was feeling pretty good! Our soapy tits slid over each other's, our tummies pushed into each other's, our pubic bones bumped together! 

Felecia broke the kiss. "Oh God...here we go again!" She was breathing hoarsely and I was moaning again myself! My right breast was sliding up and down the middle of her chest from her belly button to the top of her cleavage. The soap felt so fantastic! "Here, Nancy...rub your tits into mine." My black-haired friend pushed her boobs together and my right tit slid between them. I'd seen this done in the porn movies we watched sometimes, except it was the guy's cock between the girl's tits. This time, it was my tit and hers. Felecia kept trying to trap my boob between hers but the soap wouldn't allow it. I just kept sliding it in there and it kept squirting out. It felt so good and yet we were giggling about it too!

As this was going on I found myself pushing my knee into Felecia's mound. We were having so much fun with our boobs that we didn't even notice this happening. But all of a sudden, Felecia realized where my knee was and when she did she said, "Oh yes! That's good...Mmm... that's so good!" She began to rub her pussy into the top of my knee sliding up and down the wall a few inches to gain some friction on her slit and clit. I held the knee tight against her and in no time she was humping on my leg steadily. 

"Who's the slut now? Who's my little nasty girl?" I couldn't help teasing her, although I'm not sure she heard me. Felecia let go of her tits and grabbed my thigh, pulling it up into her crotch. I looked down and watched as she rode it!

"Oh, my God...I'm so hot for you," she hissed, "I'm so fuckin' hot for you, Nancy..." The motion must have been catching her clit just right because the pitch of her voice changed. I knew she was getting ready to cum again, just from the way she sounded. "Shit...ohh SHIT! Does this ever feel good on my pussy! Umm...Uhhh...Unggg...Oh, my Godd!" She was frantic now, fucking herself on my thigh. I held my hands in just the right place so that when she moved up and down, my fingertips would catch her nipples and flick them!

"Ohhhh," she cried out! "Oh yesss! It's here...I'm gonna cummm...Oh Nancy, watch! I'm gonna cum again!"

"Godd...Felecia! Oh, my God, you slut...go ahead...DO IT! Cum all over my leg! Cum hard for me you nasty little bitch!"

"FUCK! OHH...FUCK!!" she shrieked. When the first contraction hit her, it shook her from head to toe. On the second and third spasms, she jerked violently into me and then back, banging her ass on the tile. Nicole, are you getting this picture? I wish I could adequately describe how she trembled and shook, how her face looked; it was such a turn-on to see her react as she did.

Finally she looked at me. We kissed and held each other close with the soap turning cold to the touch. Without the hot water running, I was feeling shivery and chilled now.

"You little nasty girl! You wanna get out of this tub and play some more in my room?"

"Fuck yes! I'm not through yet...you better not be!" she managed to say even though her voice sounded raspy and choked. "I brought something with me...Let's go have more fun!"

We spent quite a bit of time rinsing off, warming up, kissing, touching and talking. We had a lot of catching up to do and since the warm water felt so good I used the time to tell her what I'd been up to. She really wanted to see the videotape I made of Nikki, Jessi, and Jon (which Nikki has) and when I told her about me, C.J. and Megan, I could see she was getting turned on again! There was no way I could explain about me and Teri Johnson. I couldn't tell her that. 

When I got to the part about Megan eating me out while C.J. fucked her doggy style, Felecia had heard enough. "C'mon," she said, "Let's go to your room!"

On the way out the bathroom door, Felecia stopped and rummaged in a bag that she had obviously brought with her for this occasion. My eyes grew wide when I saw what she had. It was a pink double-ended dildo! I felt my pussy twisting again in anticipation and when we got to my bed it was for sure that no more warm-up would be necessary.

I pushed Felecia over and she sat down on the side, "Okay, you nasty bitch...now it's my turn for you to make me cum!" I whissed at her.

"You wanna use this now?" she asked, holding the dildo up to my mouth. I licked it for a few seconds, and Felecia groaned while she watched me. 

"Mmm...this is gonna be fun to use," I said, "but I need to feel your tongue on my clit first! I need you to eat my fuckin' cunt, you slut! Are you ready to please me?" 

Felecia grinned at me. She really loved the dirty talk, "Fuck, yes! Just sit on my face and I'll show you a good time!" Her voice was shaking and very raspy now and she laid down along the edge of the bed. She caught my right leg behind the knee and urged me to swing it up and over her. I grabbed the headboard with both hands and stood on my left foot while my right leg straddled her face. Her fingers caressed my ass and I lowered my pussy to her face. 

Oh God! Felecia slurped my clit into her mouth and immediately started tonguing me feverishly. I sucked my tummy in as the feeling quickly overcame me! She lapped at my slit, desperate to lick up all my juices, and the tip of her tongue flicked over my clit with each pass. I moved my hips back and forth while she licked my pussy and grabbed at my right tit with my right hand. The nipple was so fucking hard and I pinched it between my thumb and forefinger. 

"Ohhh...shit, ohhh shit, Felecia! That feels so good on my pussy! Oh, my God, that feels sooo fuckin' good on my pussy...mmm... Mmm...AHHH...Oh Goddd! Fuck...you're gonna make me cum again!" 

In no time I felt another orgasm come rushing up my legs. I just couldn't stop it, Nicole! My pussy ground down on Felecia's face and let loose a torrent of cum into her sucking mouth. She was lashing my clit with her tongue, and it was causing me to spasm repeatedly.

"Ohh...good girl," I gasped. "God, you're good, Felecia! Mmm... I'm so glad you came over this morning. My God! What a nasty little lesbian clit sucker you are! Did you like sucking me off like that? You like to see me cum hard like that, don't you! Let me see how much you like it!" 

I reached back to stick three fingers into Felecia's pussy, and madly began jerking her off. "Oh SHIT...YESSS!" Felecia shouted, arching her back and thrusting her pussy at my fucking fingers. I was much too off-balance to keep it up for long though, so I stopped for a second and stepped off of her, dropping to my knees and yanking her legs over the side of the bed. Felecia's legs dangled there together but she quickly spread them and reached down with both hands to pull her cunt open. "C'mon, bitch! Lick my clit! No wait...suck my clit! Goddd yesss....Suck it! Don't just sit there looking at me...let's see how good you are!"

Nicole? Oh, my Goddd! She was so fucking wet! I groaned at her dirty talk and took a long flat lick all the way up her slit. Felecia squealed and shook and I immediately pushed the same three fingers into her tunnel again. "No Nance," she said gasping, "use the toy!" 

I grabbed the dildo and sucked the head for some lubrication. It was pretty thick and I couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like when we fucked with it. Felecia was urging me to hurry and I leaned into her. She was so wet that the dildo slipped in with almost no trouble. Gripping it hard, and working it deep into her pussy, I watched Felecia's face for a reaction. Damn...it was so arousing; she turns me on sooo much! Her head was tilted back and her mouth was frozen open in a silent scream. 

I gave her three or four quick, deep thrusts and she groaned really loud and said, "Oh yeah! Oh Goddd, yeah! Fuck it! Fuck me with that cock! Ohhh...yesss! Fuck my cunt hard!" Felecia let go of her pussy and her hands flew up and grabbed her boobs. She squeezed the base of her nipples and popped them out even harder and then strummed them furiously with her fingers while I fucked her. I reach in with my left hand and began thumbing her clit while the dildo slipped in and out. Her stomach tightened up then and she clenched her ass as the sensations overwhelmed her again. "Oh Godddd... Ohhh Goddddd!! FUCK...FUCK!! Unhhh...Uunnhhh... Unnhhhh!" She pinched and then stretched her teats, pulling her tits away from her body, shaking her boobs. 

She was going to cum soon and I really did want to watch her do that; but I wanted to cum with her for once. So I let go of the dildo and clambered up on the bed. Felecia was breathing so hard. I kissed her for a few seconds, stroking her neck until she calmed down. She waited for me to position myself and together we worked the dong into my pussy too. 

"Oh, my God... Oh, my God...Oh MY GODDDD!" When our legs slid together and our pussies touched around that huge toy, I thought I was gonna die, Nicole! Our thighs felt so soft together, and we started so slow...our ass cheeks touching and bumping, our labial lips clinging to the gel cock, our hands caressing each other's legs. 

I heard Felecia getting really wound up, "Oh, Nancy! I love this sooo much! Fuck me, Baby! Fuck my pussy sooo good...that's good...that's sooo good! Ohhh...Ohhhh...OHHHH... My Godddd!!" Her words still inflame me! Just remembering them ten years later, still makes my blood boil! I'm feeling so aroused right now just typing them again! 
