 On the morning after her twenty-first birthday, Lexi awoke to the scraping of a steel razor between her thighs.

Her hangover was proof of the wild night she'd had, and her stomach churned at the thought of screwdrivers, sea breezes, and gin and tonics she'd tossed back with her friends and her boyfriend, Jack. Her memory of the night's events was fuzzy, though, and she could not remember how she ended up in this hotel room - much less how she ended up with a half-naked woman holding a razor in one hand and a can of shaving cream in the other.

But there she was, a tall, bronze goddess of a woman, sprawled elegantly across the bed, carefully shaving Lexi's dark pubic hair.

"Don't move," the woman said in a low voice, somehow knowing that Lexi was awake. "I don't want to cut you."

"Who -?" Lexi began to speak, then thought better of it. The woman continued her work, never raising her eyes. Lexi was sure she had never seen her before. She would have remembered this woman. Dressed only in a short, white, silky slip, her long blonde hair pulled into a messy bun, this woman was the sort who left an impression you didn't forget. Long, slender, tanned legs, a high, arching neck - she had to be close to six feet tall, Lexi thought. Amazing.

Lexi was so absorbed by the mysterious woman that it took her a few moments to realize the bizarre circumstances of her situation. Here she was, a straight, mid-western college girl who never so much as deviated from the missionary position with her boyfriend, strapped to a bed, naked, while an unknown woman shaved her bush. It made no sense, and if her head had been working more clearly, she would have screamed for help. As it was, though, she felt strangely lethargic - almost as if she were floating. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she began to wonder if something hadn't been slipped into her drinks at the bar.

"I'm Suzanne," the woman said suddenly, interrupting Lexi's thoughts.

"I'm Lexi," she replied, stupidly, not knowing what else to say.

"I know who you are," Suzanne replied. Her razor made a final stroke, and she reached for a fluffy towel. Gently, slowly, she took the towel and began to wipe between Lexi's thighs. The nubby texture of the towel, in direct contrast to the smooth cream and steel, made Lexi buck her hips involuntarily. Suzanne let out a wicked laugh and continued to caress Lexi with the towel. To Lexi's astonishment, she began to feel a familiar warmth spread across her body.

"You're a lovely girl, Lexi," Suzanne said softly, continuing to massage her with the towel.

"Pale, smooth skin," Suzanne's left hand swept across Lexi's leg. "Soft, full lips," Suzanne's ring finger traced Lexi's mouth. "Firm, perfect breasts," Suzanne cupped Lexi's right breast and rolled the nipple between her fingers. "Delicious."

Lexi stared at Suzanne, intoxicated by her caress and her voice. She had never been touched by a woman before, but Suzanne was setting off fires throughout her entire body.

Just then, Suzanne removed the towel and stood up from the bed. She looked down at Lexi's petite body, which was bound to the large bed by white, satin ties, and ran a hand through Lexi's silky, black hair and looked into her eyes.

"I know what you want," she murmured. "But I'm not going to give it to you."

"I don't want anything from you," Lexi stammered, trying desperately to hide her arousal. "Except to be let go. I'm not attracted to women, I -"

Suzanne silenced her with a crushing, open-mouthed kiss that sucked Lexi's breath from her chest. Then, ever so slowly, she traced her finger down Lexi's quivering body and inserted the tip into her vagina.

"I beg to differ," she whispered with a mocking smile, patting the wet patch that had developed between Lexi's thighs and seeped into the sheets.

"Untie me," Lexi begged, her lower lip beginning to tremble.

"I'm sorry, but that's not in my power, I'm afraid." Suzanne looked at the ornate clock on the wall. "Five more minutes, Lexi. Five more minutes, and then you'll understand."

Suzanne walked away from the bed as if to leave the room, but just as she reached the door, she turned around and smiled at Lexi. "Five minutes, hmmm?" She approached Lexi, who gave her the most stubborn glare she could manage. Suzanne laughed. "I see, Lexi. You just need a little more teasing, that's all."

With one, quick motion, Suzanne drew her slip over her head and tossed it across Lexi's body, the smooth satin landing between her thighs. Lexi sucked in her breath. Suzanne was the most stunning woman she had ever seen. Her entire body was golden, as if she tanned without a bathing suit. Her breasts were enormous and perfect, topped by small, pink nipples that poked out toward Lexi. Her firm, flat stomach gave way to softly rounded hips and a neatly trimmed, pale-blonde bush. Her strong, slim legs seemed to go on for miles. When Suzanne pulled out the band in her hair, waves of honey blonde silk spilled over her shoulders and down her back. Lexi was suddenly embarrassed by her own, petite proportions, pale white skin, and dark, straight hair. The body that had always gotten her whatever she wanted from any man now seemed average in comparison to beauty of Suzanne.

Suzanne climbed onto the bed and stood over Lexi, straddling Lexi's hips with her legs. Lexi tried not to look up, but something compelled her to let her eyes travel past Suzanne's knees to her thighs, hips, and breasts. Suzanne looked down at her and grinned.

"Enjoying the show?"

Lexi gulped.

"Don't worry, there's more." Suzanne began to smooth her hands all over her own gorgeous body. She traced the curve of her neck, massaged her breasts, smoothed her hips, and finally - after a few agonizing moments - let her hands rest between her thighs and began to stroke herself.

Lexi could hear the wet, slurping sounds of Suzanne's fingers kneading her vagina, and she could smell the rich, musky scent of her arousal. Looking up, she could even see inside Suzanne's moist, pink folds. Lexi's felt her own arousal match Suzanne's, and she longed to free her hands from the ties and make herself cum. In a wave of need, she gave the ties a hard yank.

Instantly, Suzanne stopped fondling herself and looked down at Lexi, almost as if she'd forgotten that she was there.

"Poor baby," she cooed. "Frustrated?"

"Yes, oh yes," Lexi breathed, no longer trying to hide her desire.

"What happened to not being attracted to women?" Suzanne taunted.

"I, I, well, I - "

"I'll bet you'd never kissed a girl before, did you?"

Lexi shook her head.

"Never tasted another woman?"

Lexi shook her head again.

"You really are a good girl," she said with a wicked smile. "Well, baby, I think it's time to give you what you want."

With that, Suzanne fell to her knees and held her vagina a few inches above Lexi's mouth. Lexi's shook her head "no," her breath coming in short, hot gasps that moistened the tiny hairs on Suzanne's blonde bush.

"No?" Suzanne mocked. "I don't think so." She slowly lowered herself against Lexi's face, pressing her wetness against Lexi's tight, closed lips.

"Open your mouth, Lexi," she whispered in a low voice.

Lexi pursed her lips harder and refused.

"Open it!" Suzanne demanded, grabbing handfuls of Lexi's silky hair and tugging sharply. In pain, Lexi opened her mouth to scream, but her voice was muffled by Suzanne's hot wetness invading her mouth.

"Now then," Suzanne continued. "I know this is new for you, so I'll help you along. You can start by licking my pussy."

Lexi thought of refusing, but knew Suzanne would rip her hair out if she didn't obey. Slowly, timidly, she extended her tongue and gave Suzanne a tiny lick. The taste was different than anything she'd experienced before, but it wasn't unpleasant. Encouraged, she began to lick harder, longer, drinking and swallowing Suzanne's juices down her throat.

"Good," Suzanne purred. "Better. Now I need you to find my clit, baby."

Lexi found the hard little nub and began to lick it.

"Suck it into your mouth, Lexi. Harder, harder!"

Lexi sucked Suzanne's clit and ran circles around it with her tongue.

"I need to fuck your face, baby. I need you to make me cum!"

Suzanne began to buck wildly, pulling herself off of Lexi and then grinding her pussy back into her face. Lexi grabbed Suzanne's clit with her mouth, and then, in a fit of passion, closed her teeth around it.

"Oh...oh...OH!" Suzanne came hard, spilling her juices all over Lexi's face and down her throat. The scent suffocated Lexi, and for a moment, she wasn't sure she could breath. She wasn't sure if she wanted to. Her body no longer felt lethargic, but it was weighted down by desire. She wanted nothing more than to explode in orgasms, and she looked at Suzanne expectantly.

"Not bad for your first time." Suzanne smiled and wiped herself with the towel. Then she wiped Lexi's face and put on her slip. Lexi whimpered at the sight of Suzanne's gorgeous body being covered by the fabric.

"Please - " Lexi began to speak, but was interrupted by a knock at the door.

"Five minutes are up, honey," Suzanne said. "Someone's here to see you."

To Be Continued...