 A few weeks ago, I had my first lesbian experience. after that first time, I wanted to find different partners to experience my feelings I was having. My name is Terri and I work at a furniture store that deals with interior decorators mainly. I was at the store one day and attempting to help a co-worker, Julie, hang a fixture up. Julie got a step ladder and I was handing the light fixture up to her. 

Julie is a cute blonde, just a couple of years younger than me. That day she was wearing a short skirt. There I was below her, staring straight up at her crotch. Julie was only wearing panties. I could also see a damp spot right at her pussy. Julie was saying something to me, but I was in a zone. When I finally came out of it, Julie was looking down at me with a big grin on her face.

"Like what you see, Terri?" she asked me.

Needless to say, my face turned beet red. We got the light up and hanging from the ceiling, and I got back to some other duties. A couple of days later, Julie and I had an appointment to see a customer about redecorating the interior of their house. We got into Julie's car and started to drive over there. Julie said she wanted to stop by her apartment to pick something up. 

I had never been to Julie's place. She invited me in, saying we would just be a couple of minutes. We were way early to see the customer anyway. She opened the door to the place and let me in. I stood there as Julie ran back to her bedroom. I stood there for a few minutes, when Julie called for me to come back. When I stepped into her bedroom, Julie was standing there naked. I have to say she took my breath away. She had beautiful, firm breasts and her pussy was shaved bald. 

"What do you think, Terri?" 

I thought she looked stunning, to be honest. Julie went and fell onto the bed, motioning me to her. She didn't need to ask twice. I stripped off my clothes and joined her there. Julie wasted little time. She began to kiss me all over, especially my nipples. My tits weren't as big as Julie's, but they felt like they were growing from all her attention. Julie was biting and chewing on the tips as I arched my back to let her have me. After a few minutes of this we started to kiss each other's mouth. These were deep tongue kisses that left me gasping for air.

Julie then slowly worked her way down my body. Using her tongue to lap down my belly. She eventually got to my pussy and spread my legs as wide as they would go. Julie was kissing me and nibbling on my clit. I thought I was going to cum right there, but Julie had other things in mind. She stopped for a minute and reached over to a dresser. She opened it and pulled out a vibrator. This thing was longer and thicker than my boyfriend's cock. Julie place the tip at my opening and began pushing it in.

I thought I was close to screaming. Julie pushed this monster all the way to the bottom and began to stroke me with it. I pushed my hips forward and our strokes became in sync. Julie finally burrowed her way in and turn the vibrator on. I don't think I ever felt anything quite like that in some time. She was fucking me as fast as she could while her tongue was flicking all over my clit. How long she fucked me like that I hadn't a clue. I do know I was screaming my head off. Thank God, it was the afternoon and most people were still at work.

Julie was hitting all my spots and I was having all these little orgasms, one after another. Between the vibrator and Julie's mouth, she managed to push a finger into my ass. That was all it took. I think that was one of the first times I ever squirted my cum. I sent a gusher all over Julie's face. I flooded her hair and mouth with all my juices. Julie tried to drink my fluids but there was too much of it. After a few minutes we both collapsed and tried to collect ourselves.

It then dawned on us that we were late for our appointment. We both got a quick shower and rushed to a slightly angry customer. When we got to the house, I could feel my face was red. I knew it wasn't from the embarrassment of being late, but from all that sex! Julie and I plan to continue what we started and the next time I will be taking care of her needs.