 The next morning, Steph was the first to awake. She rolled over and eyed the small naked curled up girl that fitfully slept across the room. She was huddled as close to the wall as possible, as far away from Steph as she physically could be. Turned on by the notion that her so recently subjugated roommate was scared of her, Steph decided she'd test the boundaries of their recent "arrangement" right off the bat. She climbed out of her bed, and tiptoed over to Katryna's, not wanting to wake her quite yet. She silently removed the handcuffs still attached to Katryna's head board and deftly moved in on her prey. She quickly cuffed Katryna's slightly exposed left hand. Stirring from her sleep due to the touch of the cold metal, Katryna hardly had time to open her eyes before she felt herself tugged away from the wall and flipped onto the bed so that she was laying on her stomach. Steph pounced into a sitting position on top of her and cruelly twisted her already cuffed left hand behind her back, fishing for the girl's right hand with her own free hand. By the time Katryna had truly awoken and taken stock of her situation, the right cuff in Steph's hand had clicked. She roughly flipped her trussed up treat over, immediately climbing on top of her again. She smiled haughtily down at Katryna, in the mood to tease her captive before she took what she had come over for.

"Awww, look at that, you didn't even make a sound or try to fight back. I bet you've always wanted to be a little lezzie slave."

A tear began to form in Katryna's eye as all she could muster as a comeback was a feeble "no, please," that came out more like a whimper than a statement. Steph was turned on even more as she took in the image of the desperately feeble and fearful girl that lay beneath her. Wearing nothing but her oversized t-shirt she had slept in, she scooted up Katryna's body making sure to pinch the exposed nipples as her hands passed them, and straddled Katryna's face. She kept one hand on Katryna's nipple, still pinching and twisting the sensitive nub, while her other went to her familiar handhold in Katryna's hair.

"I'd get to it quick bitch, or else you're nipple's will be black and blue by the time we're done" she laughed as she continued to roughly maul the smaller girl's breasts.

For the second time in less than 8 hours, Steph felt the warm and wet tongue of her new pet begin to lap at her moistening pussy. It started out slowly, Steph gently grinding on Katryna's face while using her patented hair-handle to guide Katryna's tongue towards the spots she felt needed more attention. In mere minutes, it had turned into a rather violent process, as Steph began vigorously and passionately humping and grinding Katryna's face as she violently drew the girl's head up and down with her hair. As she neared the end, she once again found Katryna's cute nose with her clit, and used it to see herself through the home stretch. As she came she squeezed her meaty thighs tightly around the small girl's head, humping and grinding her face with reckless abandon.

She didn't get up immediately after she came. Instead she remained seated firmly on Katryna's nose and mouth. She began to play breathing games with her captive, creating a tight seal over the girl's nose and mouth with her pussy. She would wait until Katryna was very near to passing out and quickly lift her crotch for the briefest of seconds before setting back down on the helpless girl's face.

"See that bitch? You don't breathe unless I say so. I could end your little whore's life right now... but that'd be such a waste. Then I wouldn't have my own little pussylicker slut!"

Katryna hardly registered Steph's taunt as she was much more focused on when her next desperate gulp of air would come. After what seemed like an eternity to Katryna, Steph finally tired of her breathe-play games and climbed off. She took the vibrator they had used on Katyrna the night before, plugged it in, and turned it to the highest setting. She then sat on one of Katryna's legs, while she forced the other one up and over her shoulder so that Katryna's legs were splayed wide apart. She violently worked the vibrating dildo into Katryna's pussy, stopping only when there was less than inch of the phallus still visible. She then got up and once again using belts from the helpless girl's own wardrobe, she constructed a kind of diaper that would ensure the dildo wouldn't come out. She pulled a sheet over the girl's writhing body, and smiled mockingly down at the fluttering face of her foe.

Steph walked back over to her side of the room, took off her pajama t-shirt, and wrapped a towel around her body.

"I'm gonna go take a nice long shower. I'll check on you when I get back."

Katryna began to protest, but Steph was already out the door and down the hallway. The next 40 minutes or so were quite possibly the most trying of the restrained Katrynas young life. The first 5 minutes or so were stimulating, yet bearable to the cuffed cutie, but as the length of time wore on, the constanst vibrations offered by the dildo became overwhelming and she began to writhe and buck in her bondage. She attempted to contort herself, bending backwards as far as her frame would allow in an attempt to undo the cruel harness of belts that maintained the whirring machinery in her sex. Her contortions, however, were unsuccessful. The dildo was bringing her dangerously close to the brink, but seemed to spitefully maintain a rhythm just below what she needed in order to relieve the mounting sexual tension concentrated in her pussy. By the time Steph came casually strolling into the room almost 40 minutes later, Katryna was in a world of her own, the interminable vibrator unmercifully teasing her pussy to the edge of madness. As Steph laid eyes on her tormented captive, she could tell that her vibrating dildo scheme had gone perfectly according to plan. She could see the desperate need for release in Katryna's tear-stained face as she watched the girl's hips buck and gyrate underneath the covers. Hanging up her towel so that she was completely nude, Steph walked over to Katryna's bed and tore away the sheet shielding her naked body from view. She smirked knowingly as she saw Katryna desperately attempting to arch her back so that her cuffed hands could reach her aching and tormented pussy.

"It looks like we're gonna have to keep you cuffed constantly. You're such a horny slut, we won't even be able to trust that you aren't disobeying our wishes and making yourself cum without permission." Steph sneered as she said it, actively attempting to convey her apparent disgust at the desperate nature in which Katryna's fingers reached for her pussy. To Katryna's relief, Steph turned her attention to the still whirring dildo - at last her torment would cease. Instead of undoing the harness and taking the thing out, however, Steph merely turned it down one setting and pulled the sheets back over Katryna. 

"That should keep your horny pussy satisfied until I come back" Steph sneered, as she walked over to her closet and began to get dressed for the day.

"No, you can't leave me like this. I could hardly stand the time it took you to take a shower! Please! I'm begging you Steph!"

"I turn the damn thing down a setting and I hear bitching and whining?! You better shut your mouth and be grateful before I turn that baby back up. Besides, your slut-pussy loves it. I saw how soaking wet you were!"

Katryna began to silently sob into her pillow, Steph's tone of voice crushing any hopes she had had of ending her vibrating torture in the short term. Steph finished getting dressed and began to walk towards the door.

"Would you calm the fuck down and stop crying. I'm only gonna be gone for an hour or two. Sarina and I are gonna go foodshopping for the week. Its gonna be just the three of us all week! aren't you excited slut?"

And with that she exited and closed the door firmly behind her. Katryna's stomach sank as she realized just how horrible the next week was going to be for her. While all 5 of her other girlfriends were departing today for their respective Spring Break destinations, Katryna, Steph and Sarina just so happened to be the three house occupants that were staying at the house all week. Katryna had made the decision to forgo a Spring Break vacation and study for her GRE's months in advance. Sarina had an internship that required that she be around during this vacation week. And Steph had foregone booking a Caribbean getaway due to a lack of funds - not everyone could be rich spoiled brats. Katryna shuddered as she realized that what lay ahead of her was an entire week alone with two crazy lesbians that seemed intent on sexually humiliating and tormenting her.

By the time Steph and Sarina arrived back at the house, it was close to 2pm. All 5 of the other girls had now departed. Steph and Sarina had made quite a few stops on their errand run - it had been nearly 4 hours since they had left, and nearly 5 hours since Steph had first stuffed Katryna's pussy with the dildo. Despite this, they took their time unloading and putting away their groceries. They then fixed themselves a nice lunch before finally going up and checking on Katryna. Nearly 6 hours into her dildo-ordeal, Katryna wasn't sure if she was happy or terrified as she saw her two captors come into her room. 

"Please! Pleaseplease take it out! Please I need to cum so badly!" 

Katryna's voice was desperate with need. She was begging them.

Steph and Sarina smirked at eachother as Sarina took out the video camera she'd used to blackmail Katryna last night and flipped it on.

"We're gonna have a whole video library of your little slut adventures" Sarina taunted, as Steph approached the cuffed Katryna and ripped the sheet off of her. She began to undo the cruel harness she had engineered, and as her fingers came close to Katryna's swollen, achy, and sopping wet pussy, Katryna` began to raise her hips towards the girl's fingers, desperate to find the release that had eluded her for close to 6 hours now. Steph giggled and moved to the side so the camera could capture how much of a whore Katryna was acting like.

"Make her beg you for it Steph" Sarina giggled, as she trained the camera on the pouting face of Katryna. "And make sure she calls you Mistress. I noticed the bitch seems to have forgotten that rule."

Abandoning any pretense of remaining defiance or dignity, Katryna attempted to find Steph's fingers with her pussy as she pleaded pathetically "Please finish me off Mistress Steph! Please this slut needs to come!" 

Sarina smiled malevontly as she recorded every second of the humiliating ordeal.

Steph turned to Sarina "Waddya think Sarina? Think she deserves it?"

"I'm not sure" Sarina replied "she does look rather pathetic trying to hump your fingers like that - its actually kindof disgusting. Go ahead and finish her off so I don't have to watch her be a whore any more."

Steph complied and plunged three fingers into the throbbing pussy beneath her. She began finger-fucking Katryna vehemently, doing her best to be as rough and ungentle as possible. Katryna had an almost unbearable orgasm less than a minute later. The sheer force of her release was so powerful that by the time the wave had subsided, she briefly forgot where she was before coming back down to reality. She was huffing and puffing as if she'd just run a marathon. Steph brought her pussy-slicked fingers up to Katryna's mouth, and without even thinking, Katryna hungrily took them into her mouth and slurped off her own juices. As she sensually worked her tongue around and between Steph's fingers, her inner monologue screamed out against her now seemingly voluntary debasement of herself. As disgusted as she was at her own hornyness, there was something supremely hot about having absolutely no control of the situation. As much as she didn't want to admit it, Steph and Sarina's physical and psychological domination of her was working - they were beginning to break her and she could feel it. Even as she came down fully from her orgasm, she felt her pussy continue to leak down her thigh and onto her bed as she realized she was turned on by the two dominant females standing over her.

Satisfied with the day's footage, Sarina snapped the video camera closed, and with Steph's help, dragged Katryna off of her bed by the hair.

"The slut made such a mess on her bed" Sarina exclaimed "We'll have to make her do some laundry - especially if this is where I'm going to be sleeping this week."

Katryna looked up confusedly at Sarina from her new position on the floor.

"Oh, don't worry pet, we got something for you to sleep on. We stopped at PetCo on the way home." Sarina informed her. "Steph, why don't you go get the bags from shopping and bring them up here. We have a lot of new toys to use with our new pussylicker pet."

Steph stepped out and returned moments later holding several large bags from various stores. She set them down by her closet, and stepped back out again, returning moments later with what seemed to be a large cushion of sorts. She dropped it on the ground at her feet, next to Katryna, and Katryna instantly realized what it was. It was a dog's bed - they had bought a dog bed for her to sleep in. Steph next pulled out a black leather dog collar with metal studs, and a black leash. She affixed the collar tightly around Katryna's neck and then hooked on the leash. Next, Steph pulled out two metal dog bowls. They had even gotten the bowls engraved at the store. In large capital letters, the first bowl had L-E-Z across the front, while the other had Z-I-E. Steph set them down next to the door of the room and lined them up so they spelled the desired word - Lezzie. Steph then pulled out a bag of dry dog food and, ripping it open, poured a conservative amount into the bowl on the right. Sarina and Steph had really put effort into this shopping trip, and Katryna was starting to realize this was just the beginning. While Steph continued to pull various tools of humiliation from her bags, Sarina picked up Katryna's water bowl, and made her way to the bathroom across the hall. She scooped the bowl into the toilet, filling it with toilet water and came back into the room. Before setting it back down, she hocked a lugey into it and stirred it around with her finger. Katryna had watched Sarina the whole way from her cuffed position on the floor, but she was helpless to stop any of it.

Suddenly Katryna was jerked up to a kneeling position by her leash. Steph continued to hold the leash high, making it difficult, but not impossible to breathe, as Sarina turned and faced their pet. For a second, Sarina just stared at the sight in front of her. Katryna was naked and handcuffed, balancing precariously on her knees. She was trying to kneel as straight and tall as possible in an effort to breathe, which resulted in her perky boobs jutting out and her chin held high, her gaze held directly into Sarina's eyes. Although she didn't say it out loud, Sarina had to admit that this was quite possibly the hottest thing she'd ever seen.

"Do you wanna be uncuffed Lezzie-pet?" Sarina taunted.

Katryna did her best to nod her approval of this course of action without choking herself, and caught the glint in Sarina's eye just in time to add "Yes, please Mistress Sarina" and avoid a smack to the face. Sarina smiled and nodded to Steph to uncuff her. Katryna rubbed her sore wrists as she was uncuffed, and looked hopefully back up at Sarina, praying the devilish duo was done with her, atleast for a while. Sarina, however, had no such intentions to end the games so early. As she stared back into the hopeful face of Katryna, she began to get undressed. In mere moments, she was fully disrobed, and Katryna quickly lost any hope that there would be respite from her nightmare. Sarina motioned for the leash and Steph complied, taking advantage of her free hands in order to start undressing herself. Sarina plopped her nude form down in Katryna's desk chair, wheeled herself up to Katryna, took the leash and yanked Katryna's head down so that her face was right by Sarina's feet.

"Little Lezzie-dogs lick their masters and mistresses to show how much they love them" Sarina cooed as she began to run her toes across the firmly closed mouth of Katryna. "Start with my toes and work your way up - and you better sell it bitch! I wanna feel worshipped!"

Knowing resistance was futile, Katryna opened her mouth and began to gently kiss and suck on Sarina's toes. Using both the leash and foot maneuverings, Sarina made sure Katryna didn't miss a millimeter of her feet. She ensured that cute little tongue that was now hers to control cleaned underneath and between each toe; she made sure the sole and heel of her foot were properly worshipped as well. Moving back and forth between these two areas, she often had Katryna lick the same spots many times. She especially enjoyed trapping Katryna's tongue between her two largest toes and holding it there as Katryna became increasingly agitated at having no control of her tongue. It took about ten minutes before Sarina was satisfied with Katryna's worship of her right foot. She then brought her right foot down and presented her left foot to the dejected girl-pet kneeling before her. Knowing the drill at this point, Katryna went to work, winding her tongue between and around Sarina's wriggling toes. Noticing Sarina seemed to especially appreciate when she cleaned in between her toes with her tongue, Katryna began to do this more often, hoping to speed up the process. Unbeknownst to her, however, her strategy was only serving to make Sarina prolong the torture since she was finding it so satisfying.

During this time, Steph had found the vibrator and, laying on her bed, was using it to play with herself as she spectated the degradation of their lezzie-pet. After what seemed like an eternity, Sarina finally tired of the foot worship and began to slowly guide Katryna's head up her leg with the leash. Sarina was slow and methodical: she would bring katryna's head up a few inches, and then stop, forcing Katryna to lick and slurp at random parts of her leg in a perverse display of coerced worship. Sarina finally had Katryna's head arrive between her legs, her pussy already moist from Katryna's tongue's ministrations. Meanwhile, Steph had tired of solely spectating and decided to join in on the fun, picking up her favorite vibrating dildo from off the floor. She wanted to have Katryna all hot and bothered to implement the next part of their plan. As Katryna embarked on the now all-too-familiar task of pleasuring these two bitches with her tongue, she heard the unmistakkable whirring of the dreaded dildo, and braced herself as she felt Steph creep up behind her. Steph began slowly, merely brushing her outer lips and teasing, all in an effort to build up a healthy dose of sexual tension in Katryna's overused pussy. Meanwhile, Sarina had already been halfway there when she had brought katryna up to her pussy and was now riding her face with full force, using both hands to shove Katryna's face into her crotch while she rode and grinded.

As Katryna kneeled there, servicing her one captor while her other worked on her own pussy, she lamented at the fact that not even 24 hours ago, her life had been completely and totally different. That life felt like worlds away now. She hated to admit it, but she was already becoming accustomed to this new role of sexual servitude, and although she still hated both of these bitches with every fiber of her being, her body, and especially her pussy, seemed to be responding more and more to Steph and Sarina's cruel brand of domination with each passing hour. As Sarina approached her release, Katryna too, felt the imminent arrival of her own release. She began to push back into Steph's hands, attempting to catch up to Sarina so they might be able to cum together. Waiting for exactly this cue, Steph pulled out and away just as Sarina yelled out and squeezed her thighs tightly around Katryna's head, humping her face with a passionate brutality. All Katryna could focus on, however, was the yearning for release her own aching pussy now felt. As Sarina released her grip on Katryna, she had just enough time to turn her head expectantly towards Steph to see her fishing around in one of the many shopping bags that were still piled in the room. She pulled out a small capsule along with two cone shaped devices.
