 This story is going to be huge, so there will be also plenty of elements non-necessarily related to sex for I want the characters to be complex and feel real. Some elements are real, but most of the story is fantasy. 

Any feedback on the story and advice is welcome, so feel free to vote and write.

*****

Twin adventures. Chapter 1: the descent

Hi, my name is Anna, I am 22, and I am studying medicine. I am in my second year. I have come a long way from my high school years. And I am not sure it was for the best. I am not sure it was for the worse either. I also have a twin sister, her name is Olivia. We are actually a miracle of genetics and probability. Twins, with blue eyes and red hair. Our skin is pale and freckled. She is in vet school, fourth year. Somehow she managed to get past our mother's death better than me, but maybe it is better that I start from where it all stumbled for me. My - our - mother's funeral. 

There we were, a sad day of November. Our mother had had a stroke, which was apparently unexpected and killed her in a few days even though she could still talk in those last days. My sister had to come from Vienna and her vet school to attend the funeral. I already was in London to study medicine when it had happened. I was very close to my mother, while my twin sister had been more distant lately. Still, both of us were sobbing that day. My father was destroyed, and even though they had been divorced for almost ten years he was still crying all his tears. My mother and him were still friends, but their couple just did not work out anymore. 

My father had found a new partner while my mother attended more sexually inventive evenings. In fact some of her companions of games were also at the funeral, even if behind us, we could feel their pain and that they truly cared for her. I was the only one she ever told about her libertine evenings. 

In fact, my father and my sister did not know. I used to spend time with my mom, and we often talk about sexuality, without it being a taboo, so eventually she ended up telling me she had multiple partners, girls, boys, everything basically. I was intrigued, and it taught me that you were never too old to have fun. She also told me that one of the reasons why it did not work out with my father is that in her twenties she used to go to a lot of swinger parties, and she still had a lot of friends from that era. 

My father had been very jealous of that, and one day my mother tried to get him into a threesome or a foursome to show him her world. But he reacted like she was just a complete whore, and from there on they stopped having sex, and after a while decided that maybe it was better for both of them is they went on different paths. My mother wanted to be free sexually, and since she had had a lot of experience, my more conservative father was just not doing it for her and she was feeling frustrated. 

On the other hand my father did not understand why she needed other people than him, for him love and desire were the only and same thing, and you had sex only with the person you loved, all other desire was cheating. It was nobody's fault really, they just were different. 

Anyhow, I was remembering some stories that my mother had told me, and even while crying out loud, I could not help but think that at least she had her part of fun, and went out as a Legend, and not as some unknown person who did not have the time to live before dying. Her life was full, and it was a mere consolation, but it was something. 

After the funeral I went back to her place, which was entitled to my twin and me. My twin eventually went back to Austria to continue her studies, while I stayed and looked through all her stuff. The university gave a couple more days before counting my absences, and I took time to look over her photos, diaries, and her wardrobe. 

She really had a taste in clothing. We had had the same bodytype, slim and sporty with firm breasts, so I could fit in all her dresses. I thought of keeping them. Especially because I did not want to throw away any of her stuff. While I was lost in her wardrobe I lost track of time, and also discovered many things. My mother wore latex. She had boots and gloves and a hole costume. She also had a ton of sexy lingerie, and I could not help but wonder where she kept her sex toys. Because even if she did not really tell me about them I knew she had to have some. 

I was interrupted in my search by someone knocking on the door. I went to open and in front of me was a couple. I was sure I already saw them somewhere. 

"Hello." Said the woman. She had brown hair, a petite figure and brown eyes. She was wearing a white coat, and a pantyhose, possibly stockings. The man was with a suit vest, a white shirt and wore dark jeans with leather shoes. He was really classy and I could not help but stare at them both before answering. 

"Hello, may I help you?"

"Yes, said the woman, you are Gabriella's daughter Anna, right?"

"Yes, it's me, why?"

"I am not sure she has told you about the community she was frequenting, but... 

"The libertines? Yes, she told me about that." I answered still not understanding what they wanted. 

"We are throwing a goodbye party in her honour tomorrow. Kind of our own goodbye. Since she talked about you a lot we were wondering if you wanted to come and mourn with us, Olivia is also welcome of course, she talked about you both."

"Olivia is in Austria, she will come back at the end of the semester... What kind of party is it? I don't really think I should..."

"It's a regular eve. No sexuality involved, dear. For that, you may join us only if you want to. Which by the way, you are very welcome to do."

"I don't think I should." I said. 

"Well, here is our card, the address is the one on the bottom, and you may call if you need any more information."

They went down the corridor and before going down the stairs the man turned and said: "By the way, we are Michael and Ella, if you call just say our names and they will redirect you to us."

I nodded, still unsure about what just happened.

"And your mother's toys are in the drawer of the bed, darling." The man said while he was already midway down the stairs. 

I shut the door and tried to understand whether this bothered me or not. One side of me was mad that the guy acted like he knew the house better than I did. The other side of me went and opened the bed drawer. I saw there the paradise of sex toys. There were all kind of toys. 

I saw anal plugs, from small to very large ones, strap-on cocks, fake cocks, dildos, vibrators, double vibrators, double strap, ropes, a whip, some chains. Just what was my mother into? I realized that the part she told me was only a very small part of who she was, and that if I wanted to get to know her I probably would have to call Michael and Ella. 

I sat on the bed nearly all night wondering what I should do. In the end I entered a dreamless sleep, only to wake up in the morning with their card still in my hands. I looked again at the drawer, and began to take the toys. They were clean and looked brand new. I took one of the dildos in my hands. It was obviously very high quality, way better than the one I had at home, and for a moment I wondered what it would be like to masturbate with these toys. 

I felt a tingle in my pussy, and a warmth I had not felt in some time. But a part of me did not want to use the toys of my deceased mother. It seemed like disrespect. And the pain was still too present. It had only been a week after all. 

I got up still holding the dildo, and decided to look at the card. I got up to the phone and dialled the number. 

BEEEEEP

BEEEEEP

Someone answered.

"Hello?"

"Hi, my name is Anna, I'd like to speak with Michael and Ella please." I said unsure about what to think.

"Sure" answered the voice, "I'll get them right now."

I waited a couple of minutes and I heard the familiar voice of Ella. 

"Hey Anna! Have you decided to come?"

"Hey, yeah, a memorial could be nice, plus I'd like to learn more about how you saw her."

"That's great! We'll wait for you at the address of the card in Soho. Just come by 8p.m., that okay for you?"

"Sure, is there a dress code?"

"Not really, just don't come in sweaters and gym clothes. It's really informal and a party to say goodbye our way."

"That seems all right, see you tonight! Thank you for inviting me." 

"No problem sweetie, I know what you are going through, so if we can do anything to be close to you just tell us. Your mom was very special to us all, so her daughters will always find an open door with us. By the way, before she passed she said that all the toys in her room were never used and therefore were for you to do as you please" 

"Oh... thanks, I'll see you tonight. And say hi to Michael! Bye!"

She said bye and I hung up. I just had to find a proper outfit to go to the party now. My mother owned the apartment, so now it was mine. It was a 60 square meter flat in the Russel Square neighbourhood, it was really nice. Naturally I had left my student lift to move in, while my father was out of town with his bride-to-be. 

I ate breakfast, and when I was about to go in the bathroom to shower and shave my legs and stuff I saw the vibrator on the table. I opened it out of curiosity to see if batteries were inside, and there were. If what Ella said was true all the toys in the bed drawer were new and for me. How did my mom know that I would have found them? 

Anyhow, I did not really feel guilty anymore about feeling a tingle in my pussy when I saw the vibrator. I decided that maybe I could relax a bit while I showered. 

I went to the bathroom, and remembered that my mother loved to take baths, and therefore she had a Jacuzzi. I looked at the dildo and it was waterproof, so I just smiled, took off my clothes while warm water filled the tub. 

I went inside and slowly let the tub fill with burning water. I poured some soap in the water and waited for bubbles to appear. I relaxed in the warm water for 15 minutes or so, and after a while I looked at the vibrator that I had left on the sink just nearby, and felt again the tingling. I was getting aroused. 

I took it in my hands and turned it on, there was not a regular vibration, it was one of those vibrators that move and make you feel in heaven. I never had used one for they were overpriced, and now I was holding one. I began to touch myself with the fingers at first, caressing slowly my pussy. 

I could feel that I was getting wet, even though the water was washing off all the lubrication. I didn't really care for it was really good, a slow good and steady pleasure. I was really getting aroused. I remember Ella at that point, and remembered she was part of the community that my mom used to frequent. 

I always had had a penchant for women, but never satisfied it. I kissed friends at parties but that was the extent of it. So my fingers were soon replaced by the vibrator which I focused on my clit at first, and after a couple of minutes of edging I finally plunged it deep inside me. I gasped, the vibration or movement was soooo good.

I imagined Ella placing a hand on my throat and aggressively pushing me against a wall before slowly kissing my lips, and making me beg for her tongue. She would slowly caress my whole body once I had surrendered to her, and would put her tiny hand in my panties, to caress my soft spot. 

I accompanied the vibrator by my other hand, which caressed my clit repeatedly. All my pleasure points were stimulated at once, and with the warm water and the fact that I was super relaxed I came in a matter of minutes. 

I was slow usually but that dildo just made it for me. I could feel another orgasm starting to build, and kept pumping the vibrator inside me while I pinched my nipples really hard. I loved mixing pleasure and pain, it made me feel so bad.

I imagine Ella biting my nipples, while fingering me. Licking my neck while pulling my hair, my soft long red hair, making me moan and cry out in pain and submission. 

I came again, and this time the orgasm washed over me wave after wave, making me moan out loud. Something I had never done while masturbating. 

I imagined myself moaning like that on all fours while Ella penetrated me with the dildos, while spanking me like the bad girl I was. 

Hearing my own voice was obviously a turn on for I felt another orgasm go through me like a tsunami, I screamed surprise by the intense pleasure, and when the orgasm was at its climax I just kept here, my mouth open but no sound escaping. The pleasure was so intense that I could not breathe, and my mind went blank. After twenty seconds or so I collapsed in the tub, and shut down the vibrator. 

I was completely spent. That had been so good. I would definitely use that dildo again, and again, and again. And I loved imagining lesbian sex. A part of me always was attracted to forbidden things, to chaos to say so, but I always had had to be the perfect studious girl, just like my sister. I was being held up to some standards. 

Plus to be really honest I wanted to go on a sex rampage, try all kind of things, but guys and girls around me did not seem experienced or open minded. If I unveiled to one of them the beast I had inside they would all have gone away running. So even though I wanted to unleash the beast I was too shy and too inexperienced to do so. 

When I finished the bath I washed the dildo and put it on my bedside, just in case. 

After I spend the day going through my mom's stuff to decide what to keep and what to give away, it was time to prepare and go to the party. I picked a green dress with white stockings. The cleavage was quite bold but it was perfect for my perky and quite small breasts. And the green dress just perfectly matched my bright red hair and blue eyes. The white stockings just were the perfect last touch.

I found the place in Soho, it was a nice bar, but nothing too fancy. No one was inside, so I though I had made a mistake. The barmaid saw me and asked if I needed something. 

"I am seeking the farewell party for..."

"Oh yeah sure! You are part of the group?" She asked. 

"Uhm.. I was invited..."

"Who did?"

"Ella and Michael?" I asked still unsure about the location.

"Come with me!" She said displaying a warm smile. 

She was probably Caribbean or from some island. She had an accent that gave that away. She had a sporty figure, brown skin and strangely blue eyes. That was really rare, and somehow it made her look even more attractive. 

I followed her to a basement, where people were gathered. There were many tables and a stage. 

"There you are, have a lovely evening miss!" She said smiling again, and disappeared upstairs.

I did not know anybody, so I just looked around, trying to find Ella and Michael. I finally found Mike at the bar that was downstairs and just went to talk to him. 

"Hey. " I shyly said. 

"Hey! I am so glad you came! Ella will be here soon! Let me offer you something, what do you want?" 

"A black Russian." I answered promptly. 

He made a sign to the barman who began to make the cocktail. Michael asked me how I was holding up, I said I was going through my mom's stuff. 

"Oh so you found the toys?" He asked. 

I became red, but I answered that I had. He burst into laughter and said that it was okay, I did not need to be ashamed. Everyone here was a libertine and I could speak freely of what I wanted or didn't want. 

My drink came, and I began to drink it. It was really well made, and I thanked Michael. He said that that would be the first of a long row of shots. He explained that when someone went away from the community, to live somewhere else usually, they made this sort of party to say goodbye, Everyone of the guests would have to tell a story, sexual or not about the person who was going away, and to each story there was a round of shots. 

Most parties ended up in a post-party at someone's place and with an orgy, he said, but this one probably would not. They never had to say goodbye to someone who was not here to attend, so that was also why they invited me, they wanted to say goodbye to mom passing by her daughters. They also had vowed to only tell innocent stories since they were not sure I would want to hear anything about my mom that concerned her sexuality, but I said that I was okay with it. I wanted to know how she was in life, that part of her I could never reach.

He smiled, but I could see he was sad. Ella came and greeted me warmly. After a few minutes she said "Let's begin!" I did not really know what to expect. She went up to the stage and required everyone's attention. 

"Please, people!" The music stopped. "Tonight we are doing a very particular farewell party, for the person we do it for will not be attending. She made a trip we do not come back from, but here is her daughter, who is willing to tell stories and to hear them, to celebrate the life of her mother, in the face of death. She agreed to listen to all kind of stories, for she wants to remember her mother as her mother, but also as the woman we knew." Her voice broke. "I.. If anyone would like to begin the first round is on me, and so will be all the others!" her discourse was greeted by applauses. A woman from the back stood up and said she would have loved to have the first round. "Let's make a party that will reflect the awesomeness of the life of the woman we all loved!" 

"CHEERS!" Answered the crowd. 

The woman from the back mounted on the stage, and began to tell a story about how my mom made her accept herself, her gender, and convinced her to take the step and change into a woman. I understood in that moment that she was transgender. She said my mom changed her life, and accompanied her all the way with smiles and comprehension and gave her the strength to tell everything to her family, and to live as she felt, and that now, after five years, she could never forget the woman who made her the woman she was. She turned to me. 

"Your mother was a fantastic woman." She said with tears in her eyes. 

She lifted her glass and so did everyone, so did I and we all drank. 

The second person who got up was a man, he waited for all the glasses to be refilled and began his story. 

"In a trip in Sweden I was doing with Gabriella we were on a road trip, and we saw a couple on the side of the road, doing auto stop. She took them on, and we began to talk, they were very friendly. A nice young couple who was exploring the north. We came up to a lake, and suddenly she had that crazy Idea. She stopped near the lake, and told the couple that she wanted to take a bath. We were in the middle of nowhere and it was freezing, must have been around minus 4-5 degrees Celsius. Anyway, she stripped naked, and the couple was shocked but she did not give a damn, and she just went in. I was there in the car and did not know what to think. I was laughing because I knew her, and the couple was just wondering what the hell was happening. It was quite hilarious truth be told. After her bath, she came out, and rolled in the snow, just before coming back to the car to grab the whiskey bottle we had around, and emptying half of it in front of the couple. Since they came out to see if she was okay they were freezing too, and I must admit, so was I. So in the end, we emptied the whiskey bottle, and began to laugh and make a fire, all that while she was still naked. And the couple at first very shy just rolled with it. We took a second bottle of whiskey, and drank it while being around the fire, and Gabriella was there saying that it was good for health to be naked in the freezing cold. At some point we got warmer because of the camp fire, and she got close to the couple, and hugged them both. She looked at the girl, and they both laughed, until they kissed each other. The guy was there and did not know, what to think. I mean a gorgeous woman was naked and hugging him while kissing his girlfriend, so he was just confused. Gabriella told the girlfriend to kiss him, while she was kissing his neck. Long story short, we ended up having a night of sex and booze around the fire, at minus 5 with a couple we just had met. That was one of the most memorable nights of my life. Thank you for making my life an adventure. Cheers." He lifted his glass and drank up. We all followed.
