 Jean was in charge of the community service workers at the library. Most were the routine drunks and desperate losers one would expect. But every once in a while there would be a worker who would activate certain thoughts in her mind.

Divorced, with no kids, Jean was particularly frustrated with her sex life. Sometimes this frustration leaked into her ideas about others. One of her targets became a young woman by the name of Laura. She was 19, dark-haired, and good-looking. She had amazing breasts, about a C-cup size, a narrow waist, and a perfect ass. Most importantly, there was a desperation about Laura that Jean was unsure if it was real, or just a projection of her own frustrations.

She had final confirmation when Laura called out two days in a row. When she showed up again, she was very apologetic. But it was not a big deal to Jean, as he explained, since it was Laura who had to finish her forty hours in two weeks.

"Yeah, I know," Laura said. It was tough, she said, with school and her part-time job to get everything done. Finally, she gave Jean a strange look and said, "If there was only some way I could come in extra and do... something extra, you know?"

"Something extra," Jean said.

"Yeah, so I could get my time done all at once."

"Let me think about it."

"Hey, thanks."

"Sure. You can start tonight by shelving the picture books...."

Jean felt a little woozy. Was it possible...? Could it all be that easy? She resisted the idea, thinking she was losing his mind. But he could not shake the idea of it. She had never been with a woman before, but the idea of it was starting to appeal to her. And the fact that Laura was so nubile in her tight sweater and her long hair tied in a ponytail was fueling the fire even more. 

Finally, she worked up the courage to do something. She didn't want to home alone to her apartment again and masturbate with her vibrator. No, tonight she was going to do something.

"Hey, Laura?"

"Yes."

"Um, about what you said earlier? I think maybe there is a way. Why don't you stay after we close tonight, and I can tell you about it."

"Hey, great! Thanks a lot!"

They shut down the library. Jean stayed back, and then reset the security alarm to let Laura back in. After the last car drove away, Jean turned to Laura.

"Okay," she said, blowing out a breath. "I have an idea that could finish up all your hours in just tonight."

"Oh, man. That would be the bomb! What is it?"

"Well, you'd have to follow what I say. Come over here. Let's go into the office..."

Jean sat in the chair. Laura shut the door, and looked expectantly at Jean.

"I want to you to take off your top, please," Jean said in one rush of breath.

"What?"

"Look, you better do as I say. I could tell your probation officer that you tried to steal from us. How would that look?"

"But..."

"Just do it. Okay? I have his number. I could call him tonight."

"Shit, wait. Okay, okay. Just... What do you want?"

"I want you to take off your shirt. Show me your breasts."

Laura became silent and sad. She looked down. Finally, she said, "I'm not gay."

"I'm not either," Jean said, feeling a flutter in her heart. "Now, come on..."

Laura pulled off her sweater. Then, eyes averted, face blushing, she unhooked her bra and let her gorgeous breasts fall free.

"Very nice. Okay, now your jeans. Come on."

Hands shaking visibly, Laura undid her jeans and pulled them down. She stood before the older woman naked save for her pink panties.

"Okay?" Laura said, tears in her eyes. "Now, can I go?"

"No. Play with your breasts for me. Go ahead. You look pretty horny already. That's it..."

Laura began squeezing her breasts. Smiling, Jean unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it.

"I'm not gay," Laura said.

"I'm not either. Now come over here."

Jean pushed down her panties. She sat on the edge of the chair with her legs spread. Heart pounding, she crooked her finger at Laura. Her eyes dropped to Jean's hairy pussy.

"Oh, God."

"Come over here," Jean said. "Get over here on your knees."

Without a word, Laura got down on her knees before Jean. 

"You have such pretty lips," Jean said. "Have you ever licked a woman's pussy before?"

"No. Please don't..."

"Just relax. Come here..." Jean put her hand on the back of Laura's neck and drew her forward. Laura closed her eyes as her nose bumped into Jean's vagina. "Just do a good job, and all your hours will be gone. Okay? Just ten minutes for every ten hours." 

"Mmmph."

Laura opened her mouth and tentatively licked at the pussy. Her tongue moved up and down over the pussy.

"Yeah, on my clit there. That's good. Lick my pussy. Lick it good."

Laura worked her mouth on the pussy. Her shoulders were lightly freckled. Jean threw back her head, in disbelief that this hot young girl was eating her pussy. And it felt incredible. Better than her ex-husband had ever managed.

"Oh, yes, Laura. Oh, yeah. Look at me..."

Laura turned her brown eyes up at Jean, her face buried in pussy. She breathed hard through her nose as she licked and sucked on the older woman's wet pussy folds. 

"Yes, you're a good pussy licker, down on your knees like that. Ummm. Yeah. Now put your fingers inside me." Laura pulled back and started to put her finger inside the pussy. "Ummmm. Yeah. Good girl, that's it. Now, suck it some more."

Laura resumed licking the pussy, while her fingers sawed back and forth inside. The library was quiet except for the sounds of her mouth sucking and slurping, and Jean's moans. She ran her hand through Laura's hair.

"Oh, shit. I'm gonna cum. Shiiiit."

Laura tried to pull back, but Jean held her in place as she ejaculated hard, smearing the young girl's face with pussy cum. She licked the pussy clean, moaning and swallowing all the juices down...

"Did you like that?" Jean said, panting. 

Laura wiped at her lips. "Can I go now?" she said.

"Well, while we're at it, why not work off another ten hours?"

Laura understood. Submissively, she stood and took off her panties. Then she bent over the desk while Jean rammed her pussy with her fingers and tongue. It was going to be a great night...