 (sweaty, unwashed bodies, and soiled undies make for an intoxicating mix!)

I had noticed them since they started coming to the gym together on Thursdays, two gorgeous sleek young cuties. They worked out together, and from the way they cavorted down in the locker room, I could tell they were gay, or at least bi, and lovers. I started talking to them and learned that Anna and Sally were still in high school, though they had just turned 18 and would be graduating in a month. The two of them attended an all-girls prep school and were on the gymnastics team, but they liked to work out in this private gym, away from the prying eyes of all their schoolmates They were two of the cutest, prettiest eighteen year olds you could ever imagine. 

Down in the locker room, coming in and out of the showers, I had seen them both naked more than once. They had gymnast's bodies, sleek and slender, but muscled. Their bodies were almost boyish, except their perfect, smooth asses were nice and rounded, though the hips were narrow, and they both had modest but lovely breasts, those breasts topped with surprisingly large and vivid nipples.

Anna was a green-eyed strawberry blonde with her long hair in dreadlocks, while Sally was darker, a brunette beauty, her hair cropped in a spiky 'punk' cut. What struck me the first time I saw both naked, and which somehow very much appealed to me, even aroused me, was that neither shaved down below. In fact, both had exceptionally thick and luxuriant pubic bushes. Dreadlocked Anna, I had noticed, didn't even shave under her arms!

Now after our workouts, all three of us were down in the locker room, stripping off our soaked gym clothes, naked and ready to shower. 

"You got a great body," Sally said to me, eyeballing my naked form with frank interest, as did Anna.

"Thanks," I said, having heard that before. "you two have a pair of cute tight bods yourselves." I had more of a swimmer's body than a gymnast's, long and lean, with long legs and strong thighs, broad shoulders, and a tight, hard ass. Unlike the two of them, I had rather full breasts. At 25, I was 7 years older than either of them, but my gym-honed body could match any athletic teen's. 

Then, suddenly, the woman who managed the gym walked in and announced that there was a plumbing problem and we couldn't use the showers.

"Damn! And we both really need to take a shower," Anna said to Sally, then turned to address me, "see, me and Sally just came back from a three day camping trip. We headed straight to the gym, figuring we'd work out, then shower afterwards. We haven't showered or changed our clothes in four days. We must reek!"

I smiled. Sitting naked on the bench, just a few feet from me, they did smell a little pungent, pleasantly so. But somehow knowing that these two crisp and smooth-skinned 18 year olds hadn't washed themselves or changed their panties in four days was now strangely, and deeply, arousing to me.

"I don't want to go back to the dorm like this, all funky and shit," Anna said to Sally, "that prissy roommate of mine will hold her fucking nose!"

"Why don't you two come back to my place with me and shower there," I said to them, scheming, loving the idea of getting these two lithe teen beauties behind closed doors

They liked that idea a lot and soon the three of us were heading back to my place, Anna in the passenger seat, Sally in the back.

"God, we must really be smelling up your car," Anna said, giggling, and I had to admit that in the close confines of my car these two unwashed teens, after three days of camping, not changing clothes, and then working out vigorously, sure gave off quite an aroma! Sharp, funky and, at the same time, very feminine, and somehow very alluring. 

When we got to my place we immediately stripped down. We'd seen each other naked many times, but always in a gym locker room. Now here we were at my place, the two sleek teens shedding their clothes right in front of me as I stripped down too. Lust was definitely in the air as we eyed each other provocatively.

"Wow! These panties are soaked!" Anna said, pulling hers down and off as Sally did the same. Mine, too, were soaked from the heavy workout. Plus, it was a hot, humid day. The scent of three funky, sweaty women was in the air, the two unwashed teens adding more than their share.

"Let me feel those soaked panties," I said, reaching out a hand to Anna, "yours too, Sally."

With a sexy giggle they handed me their two pairs of cotton bikini panties. They weren't kidding. Those panties of theirs weren't merely damp, they were soaked, drenched! I brought the two pairs up to my face, smelling them, rubbing them against my cheeks, sniffing the wet crotches.

"Mmmmmmh, pretty funky!" I purred, taking in the rich, sharp aroma of the damp fabric, fabric which reeked of sweat and cunt.

"Let's see yours, Molly," Anna said, bending down to pick up my panties off the floor, bringing them up to her nose to sniff, smiling lewdly, letting Sally smell them now as she rubbed my panties against her girlfriend's face. Then Anna peeked inside my panties and turned them inside out.

"Look!" Anna said, her eyes bright and lips curling up in a knowing smile. And there, for all three of us to see, was the seat of my panties all exposed, with a nice, vivid brown streak running down its length.

"Guess you didn't wipe yourself too good," Sally purred teasingly.

I blushed, embarrassed that the signs of my toilet neglect were there for the two of them to see. I tried to explain, blushing a little, I knew.

"I had just taken a shit this morning and was wiping my ass when the phone rang in the other room," I started to tell them. "I went to get it and it was my sister on the phone. She goes on and on and on, and by the time I got off with her and hung up I guess I had forgotten that I hadn't finished wiping myself clean. Pretty embarrassing, huh?"

It should've been embarrassing, very embarrassing, but for some reason it kind of excited me, confessing all this, telling these two teens how I had taken a shit and neglected to wipe myself clean. They were being so brash about being funky and unwashed and sweaty and pungent, so why not get nice and funky right along with them.

"You don't sound all that embarrassed," Sally said, looking up at me, gazing into my eyes. And truthfully, I wasn't. Somehow, under the circumstances, the three of us all sweaty, the two teens unwashed and smelling very 'natural' to say the least, all three pairs of panties damp and funky, the telltale signs of my carelessly wiped shithole exposed like this to the two of them on my brown-streaked panties, aroused rather than embarrassed me. 

Now Anna brought up the seat of my panties and pressed her nose right up against the brown streak.

"Mmmmmh, pretty funky!" Sally said, curling up her pretty nose, then letting Sally have a look and a whiff.

"C'mon Molly, we wanna see that unwiped shithole of yours," Sally said.

I looked them in the eye, the two of them smiling mischievously, not quite believing that all this was happening. But my clit was twitching and my head was spinning with arousal. So without any further ado, I scampered up on the bed on elbows and knees, like a dirty alley cat in heat, and stuck out my sexy bottom for the two of them.

They got behind me on the bed, coming close, and looking over my shoulder, I could see Anna reaching down to hold my smooth, perfect buttocks wide open, her hands now finally on me, those hands feeling sublime.

"Oh yeah, look at that, it sure does look a little dirty back here," Anna said. "I think we need to wipe this dirty shithole, clean. Don't you, Sally?"

"Fuck yeah!" Sally groaned excitedly, licking her lips.

The next thing I felt was Anna's wet, warm tongue digging between my cheeks, into my crack, pressing into my carelessly wiped bottom. The seat of my panties was streaked a vivid brown, which meant there was probably still some residue of shit clinging to my asshole, and here was Anna hungrily lapping away at that unclean hole! I could hardly believe this was happening, but it was, and I loved it, craved it, craved how it felt, craved the sheer, raw nastiness of it.

Now Anna pulled away, and Sally took her place, Sally's slippery tongue as eager as her girlfriend's. There I was, up on all fours, with the two gorgeous, sleek teens behind me taking turns digging their their wet, slippery tongues into my dirty, unwiped shithole.

"Taste good" I called out boldly.

"Yum, yum!" Anna purred like a hungry kitten, keen to feed.

"Throw your panties up here," I asked, " I want something nasty to sniff while you two keep licking my dirty ass." So one of them tossed their two soggy pairs of panties up to me. I took hold of damp, pungent undies and pressed them against my face, savoring the rich stew, the sharp mixed aroma of the two beautiful, sweaty and very unclean teen gymnasts.

They were licking my ass very enthusiastically, not only lapping away at my dirty hole, cleaning it, but worming those tongues into my anal passage, getting their tongues inside. I loved the feel of their young, wet tongues pressing against my sticky, unclean asshole. And I knew that just below my asshole my pussy was staring them in the face, wet and gleaming. And now I felt one tongue press against that pussy and seek out my clit as the other tongue continued to work on my ass. They were like two kittens hungrily and greedily pressing in on a single, small bowl of milk, a bowl of dirty ass and wet, aroused, sweaty cunt. And they sure were having their fill of both.



Their two skilled and agile tongues working on me like that, the scent of their wet and pungent panties against my nose, I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. And moments later, suddenly, the delicious sensations quickly peaked and reached a spectacular crescendo as one of their two kittenish tongues – I don't know which – put just the right pressure on my clit as the other one pushed into my ass, and I came so strongly, one of those orgasms you remember for a long time. Not only the unusual circumstances, but the sheer, explosive power of the deep, deep pleasure I felt.

When they realized I had cum, they finally pulled away and both came up to look me in the face, smiling happily, their faces, lips and cheeks and chin, all damp.

"Feel good, Molly?" Anna asked, knowing the answer, as I nodded blissfully.

"And your asshole's all nice and clean now too," Sally added as the two teens laughed. Then Anna brought her lips to mine, opened them as her tongue reached out for mine and the two tongues met, Anna now feeding me the tongue that had just swirled in my unwiped shithole. Then Sally kissed me. I could taste myself, cunt, sweat, ass – dirty unwiped, ass! – on their lips and tongues and all I can say is that it was all utterly intoxicating.

"Okay, you two, now I want you both to get up here on all fours and stick out those cute little asses for me to examine and enjoy," I told them as they happily scampered up on the bed, assuming the position, and wiggling their tight little bottoms playfully, but a touch lewdly in my face. Damn! They had the cutest, tightest, smoothest bottoms a pair of gorgeous teen sluts could hope to have. And from behind like this, their flesh, bushy pussies were nice and visible too. I approached,

God, they reeked of sweat and unwashed pussy. The odor was strong but not the repellent body odor you often smell down in a gym locker room, an odor that unfortunately comes with some bodies, even when very clean, and is absent in others, like these two teens, even when they've gone unwashed and unshowered for days. This was the pure and powerful scent of young cunt, cunt unwashed, cunt aroused and made very wet and then made to cum. The fact that they had thick, shaggy, unshaved pubic bushes probably just enhanced the sweating down there and the deliciously pungent, cunty scent. In the car, driving back to my place, when we started talking and getting nice and loose, they had told me that on their camping trip, when they weren't outdoors or hiking, they were inside their tent, eating each other's pussies non-stop.

I leaned closer and kissed each of their smooth but somewhat sticky buttocks as they cooed and purred, wiggling their sexy and trim teen bottoms in my face. I closed my eyes and took in the rich, aromatic mix.

Sweat from their gym workouts, cunts that had gone unwashed for many days, cunt and assholes probably somewhat carelessly wiped. Sally had even admitted they had run out of toilet paper on their camping trip, and started using leaves to wipe themselves clean after peeing and shitting. It seemed they had not been able to wipe themselves perfectly clean, for with the sweat and the striking scent of cunt that had not only gone unwashed, but been aroused and made moist over and over again, now there was also the faint aromatic residue of piss and shit too. It was a mixed salad of smells, and I savored it all!

Now I held Anna wide open and stared at her pretty little sphincter, like a little star hidden in her crack, and brought my tongue right to it, pressing it against the sticky anal surface.

"Oh yes, do it, I just love to have my shithole licked. Sally eats it all the time," she begged excitedly, reaching back with an arm to hold my head in place. She had proved how much she craved licking ass when she licked mine clean; now she was showing me she loved getting as good as she gave. 

"Now me! Now me!" Sally whined and, finally, I moved my face to her gorgeous bottom and began to lick her sweaty, pungent ass. The slits of their aroused teen cunts glistened provocatively an inch below, and I could feel those wet pussies against my chin as I licked their two asses. They groaned and sighed excitedly as I went back and forth, licking their sticky assholes, then moving my tongue lower to lap away at their pungent and soggy, but very aroused funky young cunts. As I licked one, I reached over to finger the other, sliding two fingers up each tight but slippery cunt, and my thumb up their saliva-slickened shitholes. They both reeked, but their tight little assholes and creamy cunts sure were appetizing!

"Uh huh! Lick our dirty cunts, Molly," Anna howled.

"And our sweaty, unwashed assholes too!" Sally added, as though I needed any further urging! I really took my time, licking and fingering the two pretty teens from behind as they writhed and moaned, like two horny kittens. And I didn't stop until I got both of them off, like a pair of firecrackers, Anna just about shrieking as a monster orgasm completely overwhelmed her, shook her from head to toe. Sally's was more subdued, but stretched out over many long, long seconds, her body trembling like a leaf in the wind as she shuddered in raw, orgasmic pleasure.

They turned around with these blissful looks on their two pretty faces, breathing hard in the afterglow of their pleasure, their legs spread, their gleaming pussies, pungent as ever, delightfully exposed.

I brought my hand up to my nose and took a whiff. Mmmmmh, strong! Again, that deep scent of unwashed, just-cum pussy. The two fingers I had used to plow their two cunts were wet and then I noticed that my thumb, which I had dug up their two assholes was smudged a little brown at the tip. It seemed I had hit pay dirt fingering at least one of their young bottoms. I had a feeling it was Anna, since when I stuck my thumb up her ass, I felt something up there. And we all know what that something is!

"Take a look at this," I said, sticking my thumb in their faces, "I think at least one of you needs to take a shit"

"Yeah, it's me, I do, I'll be right back," Anna confessed, scampering off the bed, asking where the bathroom was, and heading off there while I cuddled up to Sally, kissing and cuddling her, idly feeling each other up.

A few minutes later Anna returned, a content smile on her face.

"Did you have a good shit," Sally teased.

"Sure did, and a nice, long piss too. And guess what? I didn't bother to wipe myself off either," Anna said, turning around brashly and reaching back to hold her cheeks wide open.

"Get up here, I wanna have a look," I said, tapping the bed as Anna hopped up, about to get on her knees when I told her to reposition. "No, I want you on your back now. And Sally? Pull her legs all the way back by the ankles so we can have a good look."

Anna got down flat on her back and Sally pulled her girlfriend's legs back, exposing her vividly, cunt and ass. Oh yes, she sure didn't wipe herself. In fact her very thick and furry strawberry blonde pubic bush glistened, droplets of urine sticking to the curls like morning dew. And below that, her shithole was smudged brown, with more little smudges of brown on the folds of her ass cheeks, nearest her crack. Definitely, an unwiped and rather messy shithole! The overall aroma, of course, was more vivid and pungent than ever. 

I brought by face down to her bush and lapped away at the wet curls, sucking up the pee adhering to her bush. It was as wet as a sponge down there and I sucked and licked up every unwiped drop of urine. Though these two teens had been reeking since they first came down to the locker room, 

Anna's pee smelled and tasted rather mild, and I savored it. As she savored having me lick that wet pussy of hers, oohing and ahhing against as my tongue once more stimulated her. Damn, she was a horny little teen bitch!

Then I dragged my tongue lower. There it was, her crinkled little shithole, all messy and brown. Well, she had licked my unwiped hole clean and now I was about to return the favor, though mine, at least, had been partially wiped while Anna's was raw and downright filthy!

But by now I was feeling nasty and obscene, fueled by pure, depraved lust. I pressed my tongue against her sticky, shitty asshole and just started to lap away, slowly licking her clean.

"Oh wow! Now Molly's cleaning your shithole, Anna!" Sally nearly gasped, pulling back Anna's legs, watching closely as my tongue lapped away at the unclean, humid anal crevice. Anna was getting aroused all over again, reaching down with an arm and pressing my face firmly down against her ass, bucking her dirty bottom up against my probing tongue. I could hardly believe what I was doing, but I was doing it! Doing it and loving it! I licked the rubbery sphincter, and then snaked my tongue left and right to lick the smudged cheeks alongside the pungent shithole.

"Uh uh!" Anna hissed, "Lick my shitty ass, lick it clean."

And lick it clean I did, finally bringing my face up to theirs as Anna and Sally and I came close, our hot and still sticky naked bodies pressing against each other, kissing passionately, sharing my shit-smudged lips and tongue with the two sexy teens, the air thick with the scent of sweat, piss, shit and the overpowering aroma of three very stimulated and pungentcunts.

Finally I pulled away and stepped over to my dresser, opening a drawer. From it I took out a pillow case filled with dildos, including my favorite strap-ons, emptying them all out on the bed as the teens gazed at the sight, just about drooling.

"It's play time!" I said with a sly, wicked smile, picking up a nice thick dildo and starting to strap it to myself...