 In Paula, Linda has a torrid lesbian affair, after which she feels rejected by her lover. This story is the aftermath of that affair and the resulting exploration of Linda's bi-sexuality.  

*

Paula rose, dressing quickly; she seemed not to notice Linda's crying for a few minutes.

"I used to get like that after climaxing," she said at last, misjudging Linda's tears for a natural response after cumming.

Linda sniffled back her tears, "I'll be ok in a minute," Linda lied, the full impact of her actions dawning on her.

Paula walked to the door, "I'll see you later at the party, got to go, don't want to miss anything," she said before turning and leaving the room.

Linda lay, still naked, on the bed. What now, she thought, she would have to cover it up, somehow; deny everything. Could Paula be trusted? And what of her husband? Could she pretend nothing had happened?

Linda's mind was in turmoil as she dressed. She decided to go straight home. One thing was certain; she couldn't face Paula again, not tonight. Tomorrow would be difficult enough, but tonight, no chance.

When she arrived home her husband was working in the kitchen, preparing dinner. As she watched she suddenly realised how lucky she was, and how much she had to loose. Having a secret, especially one as momentous as hers, was proving difficult for Linda, trying to engage in small talk with Tom, while her mind was racked with guilt, was almost impossible.

It was when he reached for her, in bed, that her courage began to falter. Making love to her husband, so soon after being with Paula, had its affect. She couldn't get aroused; no matter how hard she tried to concentrate, she remained dry. Tom, with his usual patience, attempted everything to get her 'wet', even the things that normally 'turned her on' didn't get her juices flowing. 

"I think I need some lube tonight," Linda eventually said to him.

"You sure?" he replied, "We don't have to do it."

"I'll get there," she said, handing him the lubricating jelly, desperate to exorcise Paula from her memory.

He smeared a large amount on his erection and positioned himself over her, slowly inserting his hard cock inside. It was as he entered her that the tears flowed.

He stopped, confused at her reaction, "What's the matter, I haven't hurt you, have I?" he asked, concerned.

"I've had sex with someone else, this afternoon," she blurted out. Tom's cock began to wilt inside her.

"Who?" he managed to say.

"Paula," she replied, turning her face away from him.

"Paul who?" he asked.

"Not Paul, Paula," 

"A woman, you had sex with a woman?" he said, incredulously; but his cock twitched.

She nodded, against the pillow.

"Tell me," he said, quietly.

"It was nothing," she whispered.

"Tell me," he repeated.

"It was in the storeroom," she lied, "Paula rubbed her self against me, that's all."

"It's not," he could always tell when she was lying to him, "Tell me."

"She rubbed her groin against mine," Linda whispered, "It started as an accident."

"Go on," Tom said, his cock twitched again. This time she felt it, inside her.

"She touched my breasts," Linda said, feeling Tom's cock swelling. 

He's getting turned on, she thought, Linda carried on.

"We went to the manager's bedroom," his cock was almost fully erect inside her now.

"Then we both undressed," she felt him move.

"What then?" he whispered, his voice getting hoarse.

"I licked her."

"Where?"

"You know where... her groin."

"Tell me where?" he insisted.

"Her pussy...her clit."

His movement was more pronounced, his cock moving slowly inside her.

"Tell me again?" he breathed into her ear.

"I licked her...her...cunt," she whispered. Linda had never talked 'dirty' in bed before.

"Again," Tom said, as he pushed into her.

"I licked her CUNT," she answered, this time more loudly.

Tom groaned, his cock moving purposefully, in and out of her.

"Then she turned over and I licked her ARSEHOLE. I pushed my tongue inside her." She knew now that she had salvaged an almost impossible situation and discovered her husband's fantasy -- he wanted to see her with another woman. Linda took a deep breath and continued.

"I moved my legs around and over her head and lowered myself down to her."

His thrusts were beginning to get faster, deeper.

"She was licking at me as I was licking at her hot, soaking, wet CUNT."

Linda couldn't believe she was saying these things, but she was getting incredibly aroused. Years of what most would consider a 'normal' sex life fell away, this was uncharted territory, and Linda was getting wetter.

"I pushed two fingers into her CUNT, then up into her tight ARSEHOLE."

She felt Tom's cock inside her, bigger and harder than she had ever felt it before.

"I drank her juices from the soaking...wet...CUNT." Each 'cunt' deliberately enunciated for him. "While I finger fucked her tight arsehole."

Tom erupted into her. He felt as if gallons of cum was shooting from him, forcing its way passed his shaft and onto the sheets.

She couldn't believe it; he was still hard inside her. She began to fantasise, embellishing on the events.

"The she got a strap on out," he began to move again.

"I strapped it on," his thrusts were getting faster.

"I strapped it on and I fucked her, I fucked her cunt then I fucked her arse with the big cock and I loved it, Tom, I fuckin' loved it." She was deliberately trying to get him, and herself, more and more turned on, and succeeding. His thrusts were fast, he was close again.

"I want to see you with another woman," he whispered.

"I want that too," she replied, "I want to taste another woman's cunt juice, Tom, and I want you to watch me."

He erupted inside her, a second time. He rolled off her, panting.

"Did you really mean that?" Linda asked, "Me with another woman?"

"Yes, but do you?" Tom asked.

"How do we get one?" Linda enquired, answering his question with another.

"I don't know, contact magazine?" he suggested.

"Ok, go for it."

When Linda arrived home from work Tom was sitting on the couch, waiting for her, a contact magazine on the small occasional table in front of him. She sat along side him.

"I thought we could look through it together, as long as you've not changed your mind?" he said.

She answered him with a smile and picked up the magazine and started to scan the pages. As she read she became more and more aroused, her hand drifting between her legs, rubbing herself through the material.

"Take them off," Tom said, as he watched her.

She unbuttoned her pants, and drew the zipper down. He watched as she pulled them down, passed her knees, and left them. Next came her panties, exposing her neatly trimmed bush. Tom did the same; both were now naked from the waist to their calves, his prick hard, her pussy wet. He reached across and began to caress her clit; she reached for his erect cock. They masturbated each other as they looked through the magazine.

There were plenty of couples seeking couples, and men seeking single women, but few women looking for a couple, and none that commanded their attention.

"What now?" Linda asked.

"How about the gay section?" Tom replied, "Try there."

One immediately stood out, a tall strawberry blonde, she said she was twenty three, but exclusively lesbian.

"Her," Tom said, pointing at the picture she had posted.

"But she's gay, not bi," Linda replied.

"It doesn't matter," Tom answered, "I just want to watch."

Linda leant across and pecked him on the lips, as she moved back she whispered to him, "Watch me fuck another woman?"

"Oh my God, yes," he groaned, Linda's hand moved faster, his hips bucked, then he ejaculated over her hand and his shirt.

"Hope your going to wash that," she laughed.

He smiled, removing his hand from her clit and replacing it with her own.

"I want to watch you wank," he said, moving to a chair opposite her.

She closed her eyes and rested her head back against the couch, her hand busy at her clit. How far they had come in little more than twenty four hours, from a sex life that was barely adequate to this. Sex was almost all she could think about and, she thought, Tom was the same. I wonder how long this will last? Forever she hoped. She felt her orgasm beginning, she looked across at him, he was smiling at her. Closing her eyes again she shuddered as her climax overwhelmed her. Another first. She'd never masturbated in front of him, even in bed, and here she was, wanking on the couch, with Tom watching.

A letter to the magazine brought an almost immediate response. She was definitely interested, and she didn't mind Tom watching, but that was all. He was not to join in. She enclosed the customary 'undraped' photo. It was not what could be called pornographic, more of an artistic pose, as would be taken by a professional photographer. They both decided that she was a stunner. Full, but not overly large breasts, tipped by coral pink aureole, her make-up peach, to complement them. Linda licked her lips in anticipation. 

They both wondered why she would 'swing' alone, until they met her. Tom noticed instantly the pale mark on her finger, testimony to a very recently removed wedding ring. She 'swings' but her husband doesn't, Tom thought, I wonder if he knows? It wasn't a problem for them, better that she was alone; they weren't ready for a foursome, at least not yet. When she arrived at their home she gave them both a relaxed smile, an indication she had been in this situation before. She seemed very much at ease, even giving Tom a peck on the lips, before a more lingering kiss was exchanged with Linda.

She volunteered her name as Misty; Tom raised an eyebrow but didn't comment. They, on the other hand, gave their real names, as she knew their address any attempt at anonymity seemed pointless. Tom entered the kitchen to get drinks leaving the girls in the lounge, when he returned they were already involved in a long passionate kiss. He stood at the doorway and watched. Seeing his wife 'french kissing' another woman was, for him, a fantasy come true. No threat here of someone with a bigger cock then him. He felt his own already stirring in his jeans but he resisted the temptation to free it, but only just. He saw Misty running her hands down Linda's back to fondle her arse through the thin fabric of her cotton dress. Misty's eyes opened, as they were kissing, spying him in the doorway. She broke off the kiss and rested her head on Linda's shoulder, hugging her close, before giving Tom a broad grin and an exaggerated wink.

"I think the drinks have arrived," Misty said, standing back from their embrace and settling down onto the couch. Linda sat beside her, her lipstick smudged slightly.

Misty sipped on her neat whisky. Tom was slightly surprised at her choice of drink, this girl needed no 'dutch courage', he thought.

"Shall we go upstairs," Linda said. Misty glanced at her, "I'm sorry, we've never done this before. Is there some kind of etiquette?" she added. 

"It's ok," Misty replied, "Your just a little eager, that's all, it's as if you want to get it over with; loosing your lesbian cherry, so to speak," then she laughed.

Tom and Linda glanced at each other. He waited to see if she would say anything, but she remained quiet.

"Come on then," Misty said, "But could I have a top up to take with me?"

"Oh yeah, sure," Tom answered, taking her glass into the kitchen and pouring a large measure. When he returned the girls had already gone upstairs.

He climbed the stairs, his drink in one hand, hers in the other, and stood for a few seconds outside the bedroom door. Sliding inside, he made for his chair, positioned in the corner of the room. He placed the glasses onto the floor and watched. They had placed the lights so that the bed would be well lit, but he was in comparative shadow, making it easier for them to ignore his presence. 

The girls were standing by the bed; they did ignore him, engaged in another passionate kiss. He rather wished that he had been in the room when they had entered, he would have felt less like an intruder. 

Misty took a step back from Linda, looking her over from head to toe, before beginning to unbutton Linda's dress. His wife stood, passively. Soon all the buttons had popped, Misty brushed the fabric from her shoulders and allowed it to fall to the floor. Linda stood, clad only in her bra and panties; red lace, carefully selected from a local lingerie shop, and much more daring than she usually wore.

Misty took Linda's hands and rubbed them over the front of her own dress, using them to caress her breasts, before releasing them to allow Linda to unbutton her. The girls stood, dressed only in their underwear, Linda's red in contrast to Misty's black bra and thong.

Tom's erection was becoming increasingly uncomfortable, trapped inside the heavy denim.

Misty looked across at him, "You can undress and wank if you want, but you must stay there," she ordered.

Thank God for that, Tom thought, as she granted her permission. He undressed and sat down again, his erection pointed towards the ceiling. Misty smiled at him and raised her eyebrows. He took that be an acknowledgement of his doing as he was told, he didn't want to spoil the occasion by doing something stupid.

Misty lowered Linda onto the bed, positioning her so that Tom good get a good view. She'd done this before, Tom thought. She lay across Linda, breast and groin touching, kissing her gently on the lips, then over the whole face. Brow, eyelids, cheek bones, nose, chin all felt the touch of Misty's lips. She started working her way down Linda's body until her lips made contact with the swellings of Linda's breasts. Misty unloosed the front clasp of Linda's bra and pushed the fabric to the sides exposing her small, taut breasts. She took each nipple in turn, flicking her tongue over them before sucking gently. Linda's head dropped back onto the pillow, Tom's hand went to his cock. Misty went lower tracing a line down to Linda's naval, her tongue slipping inside her shallow recess, before moving lower to her secret place. She reached the top of Linda's red panties and looked over her shoulder at Tom, seeing his hand moving slowly up and down his cock. She smiled, relishing the sense of power she had over them.

She drew Linda's panties down and off, leaving her naked and exposed on the bed. Tom's hand was moving quicker, sliding up and down the shaft of his cock. He willed himself to slow down, or he knew he would climax soon, too soon. Tom leant to one side to get a better view of his wife's pussy, or more importantly what Misty was doing to it.

Misty stood, and reaching out her hand drew Linda from the bed. They kissed, fleetingly, before Misty directed Linda's hands to her bra. Linda loosened the clasp and allowed it to fall to the floor with the other clothes. Linda knelt, drawing Misty's thong down with her to the floor.

Both girls were now naked, a few feet away from Tom; the urge to join them was almost irresistible. They turned to face him, side by side, each girl's hand caressing the others clit. Misty was shaven, every trace of hair removed. He realised they were putting on a show for him, he was the audience.

Misty drew Linda back onto the bed, this time turning into the classic 69 position. She began to lick at Linda's pussy lips, avoiding direct contact with her clit, for the moment. He could see his wife's lips slowly opening for her, her juices glistening on them. Misty never paused, lapping continuously at them. Tom strained his head, trying to see his wife's actions. Misty saw, or sensed it, she beckoned him over.

"Don't touch," she warned, "Only look."

He moved around the bed. His wife head was buried between Misty's legs, her tongue squirming between her lips, darting into her opening. 

Seeing another woman licking his wife's pussy was erotic enough, but to see Linda 'eating out' Misty's cunt drove Tom over the edge. His climax came, almost unexpectedly, his cum shooting from him and onto the carpet. He heard Misty chuckle, then the sound of her slurping.

He watched, never loosing his hardness, but self-restraint prevented him from touching his cock. He wanted to last longer this time.

He saw his wife's tongue sliding up and down Misty's lips, flicking at her clit before sucking gently on it. Each time she did it he saw how Misty's body stiffened. As Linda licked the strokes became longer, each one taking her closer to Misty's anus. Soon each movement travelled from her clit to the tiny puckered opening, he heard Misty groan.

Tom wished he had positioned a mirror so that he could see both girls in action at once, he cursed himself for not thinking of it sooner. He moved down the bed to watch Misty, she too was licking from clit to anus, two fingers buried deep into his wife's cunt. She removed them and held them up so that he could see his wife's cream covering them, before sliding them into her mouth, then back into his wife's pussy.

The need to masturbate was growing ever stronger, Tom's hand again moved to his cock.

For the girls one orgasm was melting into another, one long shuddering cum. Misty again tensed as she climaxed, pausing her licking for a moment as the feeling engulfed her before starting again. Tom moved back to watch his wife, her finger deep into Misty's arse as she sucked powerfully on her clit.

Suddenly Misty stopped, easing herself from Linda's probing digit, she turned and lay full length on her, clit against clit. Her body undulated, not the thrusting motion of a man fucking, more like a gentle wave lapping onto some beach. Linda arched her back, pushing her clit against Misty's. Their movements increased in tempo as they both approached climax, the number of times lost now. Misty shuddered as she came, slumping onto Linda. She lay for a few seconds then got off the bed.

"Your turn," she said, as she began to dress.

Tom couldn't resist. He almost threw himself onto Linda, thrusting his cock deep into her, in one movement. She was wetter than he had ever known her to be. He looked sideways, Misty was watching, smiling. Tom ejaculated at the precise moment Misty left the room.

He leapt from the bed and ran to the top of the stairs.

"You're coming back, aren't you?" he shouted down at her.

"No, sorry," she replied as she opened the door, "I never go anywhere twice." Misty closed the door behind her, they never saw her again.

He returned to the room, his cock still dripping the last of his cum.

"When's she coming back?" Linda asked as she lay, the evidence of their coupling pooling below her still gaping cunt.

"Never," he replied dejectedly.

"It's ok, we'll find someone else," his wife smiled, "A cunt we can both share," she added, a lascivious grin on her face.

"Lick me out?" she asked, Tom bent his head between her legs. I hope I'm as good as Misty was, he thought, but he doubted it.

 Like it or loath it? Please rate it, with comments.