 As always, please don't even consider reading this story unless you are over the age of eighteen. This story contains explicit lesbian sexual situations.

*****

The cute girl stared at me while I was naked in the locker room shower. She watched every move I made, it seemed, and vulgarly licked her lips, and creepily smiled. I had never been ogled by another woman in my life and the experience truly weirded me out. The glower was the most disturbing I'd ever experienced. Samantha Jordan was making me feel like some men have a tendency to do. I couldn't understand why she looked at me so lustily. There had never been a moment that I could recollect where she and I even had a conversation. I only knew her name because she was a walk-on for my university's competitive soccer team.

"Samantha! What?" I cried out, "Quit looking at me like that."

"You are so beautiful, Simone," Samantha blurted.

That comment certainly didn't make me feel any better at all. I knew that my dad had always told me that I was beautiful, my few smatterings of what one might call boyfriends had always relayed the same message, and my best friend constantly went on about it, but Samantha was a girl I barely knew. What was positively frustrating to me was the fact that I was standing in front of this girl naked as the day I was born and moments before I noticed her I was slowly and gently masturbating. I really started to freak when the women's soccer coach walked in.

"Samantha, you have been gone from the playing field far too long, dear. Get back out there, now." My coach, Miss Danners, had always been so stern and serious.

Samantha didn't hesitate to do what the coach said, but on her way out she gave me fair warning on what to expect soon. "I'll see you later, Simone. Remember what I said." That last comment didn't help what I was feeling at all. Sure, all she said was that I was beautiful, but the hidden drippings of lust that accompanied that comment would haunt me all evening. At least she wasn't staring at me anymore.

"Simone!" Shouted Coach Danners as she watched me from the door of the showers.

"Yes'm?" I replied.

"I thought you were leaving early today to visit the dentist. I understood that's why you needed to leave the field so you could shower to get ready. I came in here to find what was taking Samantha so long and discovered you trying to hold her back from returning to the playing field. I think you left the field too early. You could have waited to take your shower until right before..." She rambled on and on for a few more minutes. Yada, yada, yada...

"But...but...Coach Danners...I...she... I'm sorry Coach." Oh, I was such a bumbling idiot when instructors chastise me. This wasn't my fault, yet she seemed to perceive that it was. Finally, I relented. "Whatever you say, Miss Danners, but I do have a dentist appointment in about thirty minutes."

"Go, young lady, but you're to see me after school, tomorrow. I intend on getting to the bottom of what you were trying to do with Samantha... and just so you know, I won't have my girls gold-bricking, do you understand?" 

"Yes ma'am. Should I bring my mother?" I said being a wise ass. As a college instructor, she was encouraged not to bother our parents with the trivial shit that happened. She did, however, like to confer with our parents when we'd done something naughty, so I felt it better if I suggested it first. After all, I was on scholarship and coaches tended to interfere in your business, because the school was giving us money. Not all coaches, I'm sure, but the ones who were self absorbed like that bitch. 

"Did I say 'bring your mother?" I believe I told YOU to see me after school!" She turned and stormed out to the playing fields.

I had been minding my own business, following my mother's advice to have my teeth checked and I ended up in trouble. I had lived every experience a freshman in college on soccer scholarship could possibly live and I found the one issue no one had ever even thought about: I got in trouble because some flirty girl had the hots for me. I decided I would take care of Samantha when I saw her next. She'd wish she'd never laid eyes on my "beautiful" body. Handling Miss Danners was to be a tougher problem. The lady was too intense, so much so that if I lipped off at her, I might lose my scholarship. I decided I would listen politely, answer any questions she might throw my way, and hopefully get off with nothing but a scolding. I could do it; I just had to keep my nose clean and my attitude straight. After all, it was only twenty days until the end of the spring semester.

I would imagine, that you, the reader, are curious. Now that the story has started and you've ventured into my tale, you're perhaps interested to know who I am and what I like, dislike, or even puke over. I would even venture to imagine that you probably think that I'm a little flaky, having complained about a girl doting on my body in these days and times. I should be flattered, right! That's not the message I meant to send to you. Oh, I've been propositioned before. I've even slept with a few of my really close girlfriends. I would even say I enjoyed every minute of every experience and participated fully and freely. I just had never had a situation like that. Oh, and the fact I had been fantasizing about a friend and masturbating to that vision didn't really help.

Am I lesbian? No, I don't think so. I mean...I like guys. I've even done things with some of my boyfriends that would shock my mother and as loose as my mother is, that's saying a lot. I think the proper description of my sexuality would be that I'm bisexual. I like sex with both girls and boys. I would just as soon eat pussy as to suck dick. I tend to have that reputation among my friends at college, too. I think it's pretty quiet within the general student population, not that it matters, but every one of the people in my circle knows about me and I know their little secrets. Bisexuality is the least among the vices that some of my friends have. Several are dopers. Others have had sex with their siblings or parents. Two have slept with the new science professor, Mr. Steadham. That's not a bad thing at some of the universities out there, but in our state there is a law stating no educator in a state run college or university could take advantage of a student using their leadership status without losing employment and potentially suffering prison time...but I digress. 

My one and only true friend has always been Hope. She is the best friend I've ever had in the entire world. We've had many wonderfully wild times in bed and as a matter of fact, for your masturbatory fantasies, she was my first sexual experience with another person. We had just graduated high school that first night we got together. We had been friends forever, it seemed. When we began experimenting, we had no idea how to do anything and I don't expect one would, especially if they had never had lesbian sex before. We did manage to diddle ourselves and we tasted our cunts. There was, however, no orgasm. We felt really strange the next day, feeling as guilty as one could expect for someone having tried same gender sex for the first time. We didn't even try it again for another two months, but it was the first time and we would both always cherish it. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

"Hope, it's almost unbelievable. I didn't do anything wrong and I'm getting punished and that little bitch..." Hope had always been a really good listener.

"Simone, do you need me to come over and comfort you?" Oh sweet, sweet, Hope, you bet your ass I want you to! I thought. Unfortunately, I had to control my impulses.

"No, Hope I need to sort this out for myself. Anyway, I have to study for the calculus exam, tomorrow." How I wished I could have said what I thought. I couldn't even begin to wish, but alas... My mind started winding its way back toward the first time we had sex... when we knew what we were suppose to do.

Hope had come to visit me while her parents were out of town and we were home on Christmas break. She and I had attended high school together and then decided to go to the same university. We, unfortunately were not able to live together as I was required to live in the female athletic dorm because of my scholarship. She was on scholarship as well, but it was in music and they didn't require their students to stay in a particular dorm. Hope lived in one of the residence halls and shared a room with a real bookworm. We didn't see each other enough, because our schedules were so different and we both hung out with people from our particular discipline. 

My mom had always been pretty cool, so she let me have my space and I gave her, hers. Dad died when I was eight, so mom entertained a lot. I have had quite a few special uncles and a couple of neat aunts, but those are other stories to be told at a much more appropriate time. For this holiday, Hope and I basically had the weekend to do what we wanted, when we wanted to do it. We spent time at the mall. We went to a movie. We even had ice cream. When we got home, we went to bed.

Hope had spent many nights with me since our first innocent encounter, but we slept. I really didn't think anything special would happen on that particular night, because we had not even ventured into any girl-girl activities since that first time. When we climbed in bed, I felt her snuggle a little closer than normal, but I didn't think anything else about it. We talked for several hours before finally falling asleep.

I woke up and wondered what was wrong. In my dream-clouded mind, I couldn't focus on what was happening. Then I felt it. Hope's arm was lying across me and her fingers were twiddling my breasts. I looked over at her to say something, but I noticed that she was still asleep and probably having a dream. I shook her a little, then harder. When she woke up, she jerked her arm back to her side of the bed.

"I was wondering, Hope. What were you dreaming about?" I asked in a quiet whisper.

She looked at me for a second, blinked her eyes once or twice, and then began to cry. I took her in my arms and held her tight. She was trembling. I put my hand on her head and began running my fingers through her hair.

"STOP!" she screamed.

I backed away for a second, looked at her with a hurt expression. I reached for her again.

"NO, don't..." She started sobbing, again.

"Hope, I...I...don't...know what to say." I really was at a loss for words.

"I am not a lesbian," she cried as her tears became more and more hysterical.

"So what if you were," I said in a matter-of-fact tone. "I mean...I don't choose my friends because they are gay or lesbian or whatever...I choose them because I have something in common with them...You're my very best friend, Hope. I don't want you to think otherwise..."

She began to calm down, still blubbering a bit, but got quiet to listen. "I didn't wake you because you scared me or I was afraid of you. I woke you so that you wouldn't wake and feel embarrassed by what you were doing. I thought it felt pretty good, but I didn't think you would have appreciated it if I had let you continue, so I stopped you." She had almost calmed down completely now. "What were you dreaming about, anyway?"

She paused for quite a moment. She looked me in the eyes and said, "You!"

I melted. Wow, what a sensation. There was the mother lode of all feelings running marathons all through my body. I felt my stomach bottom out, and then I peered deeply into her eyes. I was lost in the reflection from the orange glow of the streetlights that were positioned outside my bedroom window. It was, as I had heard them say when bungee jumping, gut check time.

I don't know how it happened, that first kiss, but it was the smoothest surprise of my life. We were across the bed from each other. Then, suddenly we were touching our lips gingerly together and beginning an embrace that would last the rest of the night. My tongue reached out and flicked across her lips. She parted her mouth slightly, just enough for my hungry mouth to find its way to pleasure. Gently, the kisses came. I had not kissed a girl since I kissed her, many months before. I had never kissed anyone like I was kissing Hope. The emotions that were coursing through my body were absolutely phenomenal. I opened my eyes and stared at her passion emblazoned face and fell in love. 

When we paused to catch our breath, she looked me in the eyes and asked, "Simone, is this alright? Are we lesbians?" My reply was simple and to the point, "So, what if we are?"

I covered her questioning mouth with mine and not another word was spoken between us again until we woke up the next morning. Her yearning for more passionate kisses increased. I felt her hands begin to roam and realized for the first time that mine had been acting on their own. To my surprise, I had two fingers already implanted up to the knuckles in her pussy. She was moaning and rocking back and forth on my deep-rooted fingers. I pushed a third finger in, then a fourth. Was she ever wet! I felt her begin to shiver, then shudder, then shake. My goodness, I thought, she's cumming. I didn't realize what I had done until she collapsed on the bed. I held her as her orgasm began to subside.

I had a moment to stop and consider what I was doing. I could have stopped at that point and it would never ever be mentioned or brought up, but I couldn't stop. I was so turned on by what was happening that I began to massage Hope again. She began to stir. We still had our nightclothes on and when I realized this I removed mine, then began the removal of Hope's. She lifted up so that I could remove her sopping panties. When I removed her panties I slithered back up her leg. When my face got close to her cunt, she moved her legs ever so slightly and I fell into the valley between them. My chin hit her damp bush and I got a sniff of the most wonderful aroma I had ever enjoyed. It set me on fire. My ears began to quake. I had to have her. I had to taste her.

When my tongue touched the outer lips of Hope's vagina, I felt her shiver again. So did I. When my tongue slipped into the folds and I could taste the flowing juices, I felt her begin to quake. So did I. When I grazed her clit with my tongue and lips, I felt her lose control. So did I. I had an orgasm, without even having my pussy touched. That was how much electric passion was in the air. I lost it. From the tips of my toes to the top of my head it felt as if every nerve ending was on fire with the most delicious sensations. I crawled up and embraced Hope and we cuddled for the next twenty minutes. It seemed like every time we moved, we would orgasm.

I wonder sometimes why I lose control so bad. I really don't remember a lot of what went on that night. I knew that hours felt like seconds and I had been lost in the heady delight of licking and sucking Hope's cunt. The only point of the evening that I can truly focus on was when Hope tasted me for the first time. I felt her warm breath on my thighs, then on my pubes, then on the folds of my sex. I shivered with such anticipation that I could not tell where the excitement left off and the orgasm began. When she touched my clit with her tongue, my mind went into orbit and stayed that way for many wonderful moments. 

Oh, such are the memories of my first time with Hope. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Morning! I had always hated to get up. I felt as if I'd been dragged through a sewer and spit on by the rats. I had to take a shower. I also had to figure out how I was going to deal with Samantha Jordan that day and what I was going to say to Miss Danners. I know, you say, just go with the flow. I reasonably liked to plan things out. I was also very good at making things up as I went along.

For example, I'm glad mother had my bathroom built at the house so that I wouldn't have to share with her. I really knew what her motives were. She just didn't want me to pop in on one of her men or lady friends after a long hard night of their sexcapades. Not that I would have minded. It would have probably embarrassed the hell out of her guest, I guess, but if you come into someone else's home, you have to be willing to take chances. Most of the nice looking women that my mom had over, though, I wouldn't have minded sharing with mom. Some were only a little older than me and I could really relate to them. I remember one girl, Ginny, who graduated the year I was a freshman. She was the Homecoming queen that year and was one of the more popular girls among the jocks.

I walked into the house about two months ago, after a long date with Ben, my boyfriend at the time. The house was dark, but being used to it I made my way to the kitchen where I was going to raid the refrigerator. To my surprise, there sat Ginny in the dark, nude, munching on a sandwich. She could tell I was surprised and I could tell she was embarrassed. I looked at her a moment, then decided to really have some fun. I improvised and turned an awkward situation into one I might one day benefit from. I walked over to where she was sitting, knelt down beside her, put my hand on her pussy, rubbed gently and said, "I hope you were gentle with mother." With that I ran my middle finger into her cunt, pulled it out, put it to my mouth and licked it. I smiled, then left the room and headed for my bedroom. I secretly hoped that she would join me, but she didn't. The next morning I ran into her in the hall as she was leaving. Our eyes met. She smiled and winked at me. Mother walked out of her room just in time to see the passing. She looked quite funny and turned back into her room as if not wanting a confrontation.

The many, many stories I could tell you about my mother and the house I lived in I think it would rather shock you. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The small southern university I attended is a fairly wonderful place. The students tend to get along, there's not a lot of criminal stuff going on, and the professors and instructors, for the most part are inclined to be fair. Miss Danners was the exception to the rule. I hadn't yet figured out what I was going to do to Samantha, but I decided to grovel to Miss Danner and pay my penance, whatever it would be. I didn't want to give any instructor an excuse to have my scholarship suspended.

I saw Hope across campus. I needed to catch up to her. I frantically wished she would slow down. Finally, she saw me. I was in damned good shape, able to run all over campus to get to my girlfriend, but I wasn't in the mood to chase her everywhere. Her stopping to wait, helped me save some energy.

"Hope, come with me," I said excitedly.

"Where, Simone? I don't want to be late for class." She was always the conscientious one.

"It won't take a minute, I have to show you something," I grinned wickedly.

"Oh, OK!" Hope would do anything for me. She looked real good that day, dressed in her navy mini and body hugging sky blue velour sweater. I could have taken her down and attacked her then, but I'd wait till the weekend when we could spend more quality time together.

I found a secluded place and pulled her to me. I held her face in my hand, and then I leaned down to kiss her lips. She parted them and her little tongue darted out. I got wet instantly when she did that and she knew it too. She pulled away.

"I really gotta go, but I love you too," she smiled. "By the way, have you decided what you are going to do to Samantha yet?"

"Nope, I'll just play it by ear. I don't know yet if I'm really going to pay her back or just let her know I'm miffed. Anyway, I'll see you at lunch, I gotta go to my first class too." With that I gave her another peck on the lips and we parted. I was soaked. I was going to have to go to the bathroom and take care of the problem.
