 I want to thank everyone for their wonderful responses to my stories, so I thought I would write about my first girl/girl experience. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.

Thank you,
Lisa

* * * * *

It was Saturday morning. I had been out of school for a week, and I was enjoying my summer vacation. I woke up at my usual 9:00 a.m., but by 10:00 a.m. I was extremely bored. At least when I was in school, it gave me something to do. I decided to lay out and work on my tan. I had been laying out for a while, when I heard a car pull up in the driveway. I guessed it was my Mom and older sister Denise coming back from the grocery store, so I didn’t think anything of it. I rolled over and stayed out for another half hour. Before I went in, I peeked over the wall and saw a blue Honda Civic in the driveway. It was my sister’s best friend Kelly. 

She and my sister had been friends since the 6th grade, and had they had both turned 21 just last month. Kelly had the most incredible body, and she usually wore very tight and revealing clothes. She’s a busty brunette that is slightly taller than my sister and all legs. My sister is a real looker too, with her long blonde hair, great body, and a perfect tan. She and my sister would always drive the guys crazy whenever they went out anywhere. 

When I went in the house, I fully expected to see Kelly in the living room watching T.V., but she wasn’t there. I was wondering where she could be as I went up-stairs to my room to change clothes. As I walked past my sister’s room, I saw that the door was partially open, and I could hear a low humming sound accompanied by a soft moan. I slowly opened the door to find Kelly lying on the bed, half-naked, using a vibrator. I almost said something, but this incredibly sexy sight took my breath away. 

I stood there and watched her for a while as she pleasured herself. She lay there with her eyes closed as she worked the vibe in and out of her very wet pussy. I could hear a squishing sound as I watched her rubbing her breasts and lightly pinching her nipples. I watched her until I couldn’t stand it anymore. I was so hot; I had to give my own throbbing pussy some relief. I eased out of the doorway and walked quietly to my room. 

I had wondered what it would be like to be with another girl for a while, but seeing Kelly like that really got me fantasizing. I removed my bikini and was lying on my bed with my eyes closed. What I had just witnessed was playing back in my mind like a movie, and my hand was a blur on my clit. I was headed straight for a mind-blowing orgasm when all of a sudden; I felt something on my thigh! My eyes flew open to see Kelly standing over me. She had the dildo she had been using and she was slowly sliding it up my leg. 

We didn’t say anything to each other as she slid the toy up my thigh. I slowly spread my legs as she reached my sopping pussy, and since I was so wet, she was able to slide that plastic member right inside of my tight young cunt and it filled me up completely. Then she crawled into bed with me, knelt down, and put her face in my crotch. She began flicking her tongue on my clit while she was sliding that heavenly object in and out of me. It was blowing my mind! I’d never felt anything like it before! I had been with guys before, but this was so much sexier. It became even more intense when she began rubbing my asshole with her finger. 

As she slowly pushed her finger up my ass, she turned on the vibrator. I was on my way to having the most intense orgasm of my life! My mind was slipping away from the combination of her moving her finger around inside my ass, and the vibrations in my pussy. I was begging her for more when it hit. It started at my toes and exploded through my skull. Every muscle in my body contracted as I exploded into orgasmic bliss.

She withdrew her finger and vibrator from my twitching orifices, and let me rest for a while. She then put the vibrator to my asshole, and I moaned with delight as she pushed that delightful tool into my tightest hole. When she turned it on, it was unlike anything I had ever experienced before. I pulled my knees up to my chest so I could see her sliding that thing in and out of my ass. I was in heaven! She went back to licking my clit and another powerful orgasm ripped through my body. After another mega-orgasm, I begged her to stop. I couldn’t take anymore. She looked up from my pussy and smiled. 

She snuggled up next to me and waited for me to catch my breath. She was caressing my stomach and working her hand slowly over my pert breasts. After a few minutes, I regained control of my senses again. I asked her if I could taste her and make her cum like she had made me. With a sexy smile on her face, she straddled my chest. 

She looked me right in the eyes as she ran her hands over her pretty C-cup tits to her crotch, and slipped a finger into her wet, shaved pussy. She fucked herself an inch from my face, and then she pulled her finger out. She took that creamy delight and placed it on my lips. I licked my lips and opened my mouth as she slid it onto my tongue. As I closed my mouth around it, the scent and sweet creamy taste were unbelievable! She knew I wanted more, so she moved up and put her pussy right on my mouth. She reached down and spread her lips wide, as I slipped my tongue deep inside of her. After fantasizing about doing this for so long, it was hard to believe it was actually happening. 

She took my hands and moved them up to her breasts. I rubbed them gently at first, but then as I became more excited, I added more and more pressure. I started pinching and pulling on her nipples. This was driving her crazy! She was bucking on my face, and my nose was rubbing on her clit. She took one of my hands and put it back on her ass. I knew what she wanted, so I put a finger up to her asshole and rubbed it. She pushed back against my finger, and I slid it in until it was all the way up her ass.

I was in heaven as I rubbed her tits, her ass, and licked her pretty pussy. When she started to cum, she started ramming her wet pussy against my mouth. I started wiggling my finger around in her ass. She was bucking wildly back and forth, and then she went rigid. I could feel her body quivering. Her breathing was very erratic, almost spastic. I had never made anyone cum like that before, especially another girl, and it was awesome. 

She slid off of my face, down my body, and kissed me. She really seemed to enjoy licking her juices off my face. Then, she held my face in her hands, looked deep into my eyes and kissed me again. It was the most erotic kiss I had ever experienced. The way her tongue explored my mouth, and the pressure of her lips almost made me cum again. Then, she got up, grabbed the vibrator, and left the room. I was lying there in post-orgasmic bliss thinking about how wonderful it had been to make love to Kelly as I began to dose off. 

I woke up an hour later and I was starving. I realized I hadn’t eaten anything all morning, except Kelly, so I through on some shorts and a tee shirt and went downstairs to raid the fridge. Since I wasn’t planning on going anywhere, I didn’t bother putting on panties or a bra. Denise was home now, and she was sitting with Kelly at the kitchen table. She was looking at me very curiously. 

“What?” I said, trying to act nonchalant.

“You look like you have just had sex”, Denise replied with a hint of jealousy in her voice.

I looked at Kelly, and she was grinning from ear to ear. 

“Well I, uh…” I said, trying to keep my composure.

“You’ve been masturbating again haven’t you?” Denise said, in a rather snide tone. “You’re going to go blind if you keep that up”.

Kelly was trying not to laugh, as I grabbed some sandwich stuff out of the fridge. I bent over again to look for the mayo and felt someone grabbing my ass. I quickly stood up and looked back. It was Kelly! I shot her a look of “What the in the hell are you doing”, and she just smiled. Denise had her back to us, and didn’t see anything. 

“So when are we going to fuck again?” She whispered in my ear.

“Soon I hope” I replied, “That was incredible.”

“Yes it was,” She said, giving me a light peck on the cheek.

It was difficult for me to make my lunch with her doing that. All the memories of the morning’s escapades came rushing back into my head. I went over to the table and sat down across from my sister. I began to look at her in a way I had not done before. She was even sexier to me now that I had been with Kelly. I wondered what it would be like to have sex with her. I passed it off as improbable due to the fact she was so straight. 

Kelly was flashing me some sexy “I want to fuck you” grins, and she was getting me all worked up again. She kept flicking her tongue over her lips like she was licking a pussy, and it was driving me crazy! It was hard to eat and watch her too. I noticed her looking at Denise with the same lust in her eyes. I was wondering if she wanted to have sex with my sister.

Kelly and Denise got up to leave, and Kelly turned and asked me if I would like to go to the mall with them. I looked at Denise, and she nodded “OK”. When we got into Kelly’s car, I remembered I wasn’t wearing any underwear. I felt a little naughty, but I have a tight little body, so I figured it would be all right. Besides, it felt sexy. 

Kelly was taking every opportunity to touch Denise on the leg and arm. It didn’t seem to be having an effect on Denise, but it was definitely turning me on watching it. It was definitely reinforcing my opinion that Kelly wanted her, as I now did. I’m glad we were almost to the mall, because I was getting wet, and I was about to reach down and relive myself.

We arrived at the mall and headed straight for Ms. Petites. Kelly said they were having a huge sale. When we got into the store, Kelly went one away, and Denise went the other. I just wondered around looking for something that excited me. 

Kelly picked out a really cute leather mini skirt and some shorts. Denise had some Capri pants and a couple of cute tops and they both went into the dressing room. Kelly came out wearing the miniskirt, and it barely covered her crotch. 

“What do you think Lisa?” She asked.

“You look incredibly hot!” I told her, as my mouth fell open.

I wasn’t able to raise my eyes away from her long legs as they disappeared up under that tight skirt. This wasn’t helping the state of arousal that had been washing over me like a tidal wave. I could feel my nipples hardening under my shirt. Kelly noticed it too. She smiled at me and went back in the dressing room. Denise came out in a pink pair of pants, and she began checking herself out in the mirror.

“You look really good in those sis, that’s definitely your color.” I said cheerfully. 

The pants with the top she had picked out really went well with her blonde hair. The pants really accented her cute butt too. I was staring at it when, without my knowing, Kelly walked up behind me. 

“Looks good enough to eat doesn’t it?” She whispered. I nearly jumped out of my skin. 

I turned and slapped Kelly on the shoulder and said “Stop it, she’ll hear you.”

As Denise went back into the dressing room, I noticed what Kelly was wearing. Skin tight short shorts that showed off everything. She turned around modeling them for me, and I definitely liked them. It was glaringly obvious that she wasn’t wearing any panties, and that made it even better.

“Well, I can tell by the look on your face and your “Hi beams” that I’ll be buying these and that leather mini.” Kelly said as she went back inside the dressing room with a grin. 

I was still breathless as Denise came back out wearing the leather miniskirt that Kelly had on earlier. Oh my god, she was totally hot! My mouth was hanging open, and she noticed me staring at her. 

“What?” She said, looking a little embarrassed. “Don’t I look good in these? Kelly made me wear them, she said I would look good in them.”

“Well she was right, you look very sexy.” I replied, trying not to slobber all over my shirt. “You may want to wear some thong panties though, so you don’t have panty lines, and it would show off your butt better.”

“Why, do you think I have a cute butt Lisa?” She asked curiously.

“Are you kidding?” I said in amazement, “I wish I had your butt, it’s a perfect heart shape.” 

She looked back at me in the mirror and smiled as she turned and ran her hand over her leather encased posterior. 

“I’ll buy one if you do.” She said daringly.

“OK” I replied in a lustful daze. 

We all met at the counter, and paid for our clothes. My mind was in a haze by now, after seeing the hot display of female flesh that had been paraded in front of me. As we left the store I could feel the moistness between my legs growing to an uncontrollable level. 

I excused myself and went into the bathroom. Since I wasn’t wearing any panties, I didn’t need it looking like I had wet my pants. When I pulled down my shorts, I found that my pussy was soaked, but it hadn’t soaked into the crotch of my shorts. I slid a finger up and down my wet slit, but I knew I wouldn’t have the time to finish anything, so I wiped myself off, and went back out to join Kelly and Denise. 

We followed Kelly, and she led us straight to Victoria’s Secret. We were checking out all the new bra and panty sets. Kelly and I were picking out some thongs, and I told Denise to get a few too.

“I can’t wear those, they look too uncomfortable.” She said in a whiney voice. 

“Just get one pair to go with that leather miniskirt.” Kelly snapped back with contempt.

“Well, okay if you say so.” Denise replied. 

I was looking the matching sets of thong panties and bras, when Denise stopped by me and asked,

“Do you really like wearing those?”

“Oh my yes!” I replied, “They feel so good, and they rub just the right spots.”

“What do you mean?” She asked. 

“Just get it and try it, you’ll see what I mean.” I said. 

I went to the counter and paid for my things. Kelly was right behind me in line with her arms full of stuff. Denise came out of the dressing room, but she didn’t have the thong with her. 

Where are the panties?” I asked.

“I’m wearing them. You were right sis, they do feel good. I didn’t think I’d like them, but they’re wonderful!” She exclaimed.

She handed the clerk the tag, and the clerk smiled when she saw what it was for. 

“Decided to wear them huh?” The girl remarked.

Denise looked down in embarrassment and said, “Uh huh.”

After we left Victoria’s, we walked around for about another hour. Denise kept commenting on how good it felt to be wearing the thong panties. 

“They’re rubbing right up my ass, and it’s making me so damn horny.” She said.

“See, I told you they were fun to wear.” I said gloating.

“I don’t know how much longer I can stand this.” Denise said in an agitated voice.

I was amazed that she would say anything like that in front of Kelly and I. The look on Kelly’s face said she was interested in “helping” Denise with her situation. Kelly leaned over and told me that we should get Denise home before she came in her pants.

We headed out to the car, and I couldn’t keep my eyes off of my sister’s ass as it swayed back and forth. I could only imagine how wet she must have been, and how much I wanted to taste her. After we got in the car, Denise kept squirming in her seat trying to get comfortable. As we were pulling out of the driveway, Kelly reached over and put her hand on my sister’s thigh. 

“You OK over there?” Kelly asked. 

“Yes I am. I’m just a little horny, and I’m trying to get some relief. I just really need to fuck something, or someone.” Denise said blushing.

“I could help you with that sweetie.” Kelly said softly as she leaned over and kissed Denise on the cheek. 

I was totally shocked that Kelly would be so bold, but when Denise turned and kissed her back, I was awe-struck! Denise took Kelly’s face and tongue-kissed her. Thank goodness we were stopped, or we would have wrecked for sure. Denise looked into Kelly’s eyes, and in a very breathy voice said,

“Get me home now.”

Denise placed her hand on Kelly’s thigh, and was rubbing it up and down. I was getting more turned on as each minute passed. Finally, we arrived at our house. We pulled in the driveway, and there was no ignoring the wetness that was between my legs now. I knew my crotch was soaked, and I couldn’t wait to get to my room to relieve myself. 

Denise stopped me and said, “You’re not going to tell Mom and Dad are you?”

“About what?” I asked

“You know, me kissing Kelly.” She whispered

“Don’t be silly, I thought it was sweet and very sexy,” I said in a consoling tone.

“You’re the best sis.” She said, giving me a peck on the cheek.

We went in the house, and were relieved to find that our parents weren’t there. They had gone to Home Depot for some things to work on the house. Kelly motioned me with her finger to follow her and Denise upstairs. She had her arm around Denise, and was running her hand up and down her back and around her ass. I was so excited that I was shaking inside. When they got to Denise’s room, Kelly turned toward her and kissed her deeply. Kelly was trying to get her pants off, but they were kind of tight. 

“Want to help me with these Lisa?” Kelly asked.

Denise had a look of total panic on her face. She didn’t expect I would be behind her. I was in a lust driven trance as I slowly put my hands on her sides and helped slide her pants down her long sexy legs. As I pulled my sister’s pants down, I saw the undergarment that had ignited all of this passion. It was a pretty dark blue satin thong that disappeared beautifully down her butt crack. As Kelly removed her shirt, and started kissing her again, I leaned forward and kissed her butt right in the crack. I heard a low moan come from her as the heated emotions running through her body were now taking control. 

Kelly had taken Denise’s bra off and was massaging her breasts. I was rubbing my face on her butt, and sliding my hand into her crotch. The heat coming off her pussy was incredible! She started humping her wet pussy against my hand, and I felt like I was going to cum right there. I ran my hands around her legs and up to her waist. I slid my thumbs inside the elastic, and pulled them down her perfectly tanned legs. She was so wet; the crotch of her new panties was soaked. I brought them to my nose and mouth and inhaled her aroma. It was intoxicating

Denise was just about out of her mind with lust. She was pulling Kelly’s face into her chest, forcing her to suck on them. Kelly led Denise to the bed, and pulled her on top of her. I got behind my sister, spread her legs and planted my tongue deep inside of her oozing cunt. She was all creamy, and tasted so sweet! I ran my tongue up to her tight little butt hole, and pushed it in as far as I could. Denise lifted her butt up into my face, and I spread her cheeks wide and pushed my tongue even deeper. 

Denise and Kelly were locked in a very passionate kiss, so I rose up and enjoyed this feast of flesh before my eyes. Kelly broke the silence and said that we should all get naked. That took me about a half second. Denise stood up, turned around, and kissed me. It wasn’t a sisterly peck on the cheek either, it was a deep throat, tongue in my mouth, I want you right now, kiss. 

I wrapped my arms around her and let my hands slide down over her pretty tits, squeezing each one and pinching each nipple just a little. Then down her narrow waist to her butt. I grabbed her butt and pulled her closer to me. She ran her hands down my back to my butt and slid a finger down my crack. Our hands were all over each other. Kelly was clearing her throat trying to get our attention. I guess she was feeling a little left out, so we opened up our embrace, and allowed her to join in. We stood there in a three-way kiss, rubbing each other’s bodies, our tongues mingling together, and inhaling the erotic scent of girls in heat. 
