 "Would it make it more awkward if I moved closer?" she said.

I couldn't say anything. I hardly ever did those days; it wasn't as if I didn't want to let her know that's what I'd been thinking about all evening. We were at a party of sorts, but nothing typical of the average college student: no alcohol, no blasting music, no sweaty bodies. I could attribute my stuttering and racing mind to nothing besides her.

I'd known her for a while, but one wouldn't have called us close; I wouldn't have even called us friends. I'd seen her around campus, and we'd had a few awkward, force conversations whenever we ran into each other at odd places (the Gay and Lesbian fiction section of Barnes and Nobles, for example.) She was no great conventional beauty, but I found her entrancing. She was pale and tall, not skinny like most people thought on a first glance, but a bit muscular and athletic. Behind her cat-eye glasses that she didn't wear for vision correction were dark-brown, almost ebony eyes. Her complexion was flawless save for a small, moon-shaped scar on her jaw and a scattering of freckles that made her look far more innocent than I knew she was. A plain silver clip held her long, unruly black hair at the nape tonight, but from this new, closer angle, I could see fine wisps escaping and clinging to the curve of her neck, which was slightly perspiring.

Rather than turning her head, which might've placed her lips too close to my face for comfort, she placed a hand on my thigh to get my attention.

"I feel horrible," she said, "I know I've noticed you 'round, but I've never caught your name."

"Melanie," I murmured. My voice was huskier than I wished. "What's yours?"

"Dell."

"Like the computer?" I stupidly inquired. God, how old am I tonight? Twelve? I thought.

"Hah, yeah, like that. My real names Delilah, but around seventh grade I decided that didn't suit me too well."

I could tell by her expression that she didn't mind my moments of middle school immaturity. I could also tell that her fingers were slightly shaking on my leg. She turned her head towards me, and I grinned like an idiot, elated that she would want our faces closer.

"You're cute," she mentioned.

"You're gorgeous," I blurted before I could help myself. I promptly achieved the color of a tomato.

"You're okay with this, right? I mean...okay with us? I hardly know you, but you've been all I can think about."

My face was burning at this point.

"No, no, it's not like that. I mean, it's fine. It's more than fine. I've been trying to think of ways to..." Good lord I was babbling like an idiot.

Her smile suddenly became devious, and without warning, her lips were pressed against mine. Startled, I pulled back, but only for a moment. I felt her face contort with disappointment beneath mine, so I surged forward again, parting her sweet-tasting lips with my tongue. Our kiss deepened, and the sensation of warm, wet skin sliding over itself mixed with pleasantly painful nips on my tongue and lips flooded my brain. I moaned involuntarily into her mouth; I hadn't been kissed like that in a long time.

"Feels like you needed that," Dell whispered.

"Mhmm..." I purred into her neck.

I sharply sucked the skin covering her collarbone between my teeth and bit down hard enough to leave a mark. I heard her gasp with surprise and pain, but my kisses up her neck to her earlobe soon turned it into a gasp of pleasure. I ran the tip of my tongue along her jaw and heard a low growl deep in her throat. Smiling into her skin, I gave her a little chomp under her chin.

"Ahhh..." was all she said, and she bent her neck down to begin ferociously kissing my mouth with a hunger that I hadn't felt before. Her hand slid across my lap to my left hip and up under my shirt. She began lightly scratching my flank with her lacquered nails seemingly asking permission to travel farther up. I nodded my head forward permitting her to do as she wished. Her hand cupped the red lace of my bra and she began to test its weight in her palm. I stopped kissing her and nuzzled her neck, kissing and sucking on it slightly.

"We should..." Dell began, pulling my breast towards her slightly.

Without any other words, we agreed to move to a more private location. She led me down a darkened hallway; my right-hand fingers interlaced with her left and my eyes drinking in the beautiful, pale curve of her neck, the way her flowing, knee-length skirt fell over her ass, and how graceful and elegant her powerful legs looked in her strappy heels. I felt awkward and gawky in my baggy jeans, white wife-beater, and Doc Martens, but at the same time far superior to anyone else in the world because this gorgeous girl had chosen me above all others to lead into that dimly lit bedroom.

Dell pulled me into the room and quickly flipped my back against the door to shut it. Our tongues found their way between the other's teeth once more and my hands hastily began undoing the buttons of her blouse. We broke the kiss for an instant as she pulled the fabric of my tank top over my head. My nipples were already hard, but her nail grazed my left one and it turned into a pebble. I shivered with anticipation. She must've noticed my urgency; her lips closed around my right nipple and began to suck on it, swirling her tongue in small circles and occasionally nipping at it. Her hand that was previously assaulting my left breast moved down to my stomach. I was confused for a moment as she applied pressure with all of her fingers around my navel, but then I realized she's pushing me to the bed.

My head hit the pillow of the queen-sized bed, and Dell lay on top of me, half of her weight on my body, half of it supported by her arms on either side of my head.

"Are you...still okay with this? I don't look at you as a piece of ass, I just..."

"It's fi-" her kiss cut me off and her hands moved up and down my torso.

She wasn't concentrating on anything specific, but the sensual rubbing got me warmed and wetter than normal foreplay ever has. The middle finger of her right hand began to slide back and forth across the top waistband of my jeans. I thrust my hips up, driving her hand farther down.

"Someone's eager," she muttered, slicing my ear with her teeth.

"Please..."

She lightly licked her way between my breasts and around my navel, stopping when she reached the button of my pants. With a skill I had never seen before, she used her teeth to undo the metal clasp and slide the zipper down. Resting her cheek on my plain cotton briefs, she reached up under my armpits and slid her hands down my rib cage to my hips, pulling off my jeans. Her nails left red traces on my sides.

Dell's eyes met mine right before she turned her head to an applied pressure with her lips right above my clit through the fabric. I bucked my hips in an attempt to get her mouth where I so badly wanted it, but she lifted her head and slowly began rubbing the inside of my thighs.

Dear lord, did she have any idea how mercilessly she was teasing me?

Her fingers slid under the crotch of my underwear and began tracing over my slit. Up and down, up and down; slightly deeper each time, but so slowly... I was positively dripping by the time she finally inserted her middle finger into me. She just let it rest there as she moved the rest of her body up to focus on my upper half once more. Sharp bites on my tits increased my need for something else down there, and when she raised her lips to kiss mine, I bit down hard on her lower lip and shoved my tongue ravenously into her throat.

"Mmkay, I get it..." She whispered and kissed my temple before scraping her teeth down my neck and down once more, to where her finger had slowly began thrusting in and out of me. She slid a second digit in and began using her thumb to circle and press down on my clit. I felt like I was going to explode but knew I wouldn't until she gave me more and used that adept tongue.

I started to verbalize my wishes, but she somehow sense them before I could form words, and shoved her final two fingers deep into my core and began slurping and sucking everywhere else in my folds. I said something unintelligible and she increased her rhythm; harder, faster, deeper, more. With one ultimate thrust on my g-spot, she sent me over the edge. My orgasm seemed to go on forever as she removed her hand and began completely devouring my shaking, sweating, squirting, convulsing body with her mouth. She bit my clit, stuck her tongue as far as it would go into me, rolled my nipples between her lips, and oh, god, it never stopped. Her hands squeezed anything she could find, but gradually turned to caressing my skin as the shock waves subsided.

Breathing heavily, she slid up on the bed closer to my face.

"Mmmmm..." was all I could manage, but my half-closed eyes and smile slowly spreading across my face told her all she needed to hear.