 As before, all characters and events in this story are entirely fictitious. This is the second - and final - chapter; readers are advised to read the first chapter before reading this. 

Thank you all for your (mostly) kind comments. Please keep them coming! 



Samantha awoke to Rebecca's gentle kisses on her eyelids. 

"Hi there, beautiful."

Samantha smiled back at her lover. "Hi. What time is it?"

"Time to get up and return to being a mother. Jamie just called, wanting to know whether we would like her to feed the girls. I told her to go ahead, and we'd be ready for them in about an hour."

"OK. She has your number?"

"No, I answered your phone when I saw who it was. You were sound asleep and looked so peaceful. I didn't want to wake you. I hope you don't mind?"

"No, sweetie, of course not. Thank you."

"So, let's get showered. Then we can go and eat before we meet the girls. What would you like to eat?"

"You." Sam wore a devilish grin.

Rebecca chuckled. "Ooh, that does sound good, but later hon. Let's get ready for the girls, or they're gonna think we abandoned them."

"Why, how long have I been asleep?"

"About four hours."

"Oh my god! We've got to get up!"

Rebecca laughed. "Yes ma'am. That's kinda what I was thinking."

"Smartass!"

"Right again. Now, are you gonna get up, or do I have to drag you out of bed?"

"Ok, ok, just give me a second. Sheesh, you are so demanding!" Samantha grinned

"Oh you have no idea honey. You have no idea!" Rebecca's eyes sparkled as she returned the grin.

"Come here, I need to tell you something." 

Rebecca knelt down on the bed next to Samantha. "OK?"

Samantha reached her hands up and, cupping Rebecca's face in her hands, pulled her in for a tender kiss. As she reciprocated, Rebecca moaned into Sam's mouth. Adjusting her position, she laid herself down next to her lover and embraced her as their kiss deepened. Sam's tongue probed her lips, and the lawyer parted her lips to allow her entry. The welcome invader explored and filled her completely, as she felt her nipples harden in response, and her nether regions moisten; she moaned into Sam's mouth.

As they came up for air, Rebecca looked into her lover's eyes. "Honey, I'd love to, but you know our girls are waiting for us."

Sam sighed. "Yes, I know. I just...."

"Honey, I'm not going anywhere. I'm yours, utterly, completely."

"You mean that?" Sam's voice quivered. "Truly?"

"Of course. From the bottom of my heart and with my entire being. I love you, Samantha Jones."

Samantha buried her head into Rebecca's shoulder and wept, as Rebecca embraced her, gently rocking her. As her tears gradually subsided, she looked up at her lover, who gently kissed her eyelids and forehead. "I...I..."

"You don't have to explain, sweetheart. I understand."

"I know, but I need to."

"OK."

"I am just so afraid of losing you. This has all happened so quickly. Talk about being swept off my feet," she smiled ruefully. Rebecca smiled back at her. "I'm just so..., I love you, yet I'm scared to too."

"I won't hurt you, I promise," Rebecca reassured her. "I understand entirely, I really do. And it's not as if I make a habit of falling in love so completely, so fast. I really don't. You have just captivated my heart as surely as if you had a net. And now that I've met and fallen in love with you, I couldn't imagine my life without you in it. "

Sam leaned up and touched her lips against Rebecca's, then nestled her head back on her shoulder and embraced her tightly. "I love you, Rebecca." Rebecca ran her fingers through the older woman's hair, caressing her, while she reposed on her shoulder until she stirred. Cupping Sam's face in her hands, she kissed her; "Shower?"

"Sure."

***

Monday morning brought with it a return to the normal routine, which seemed to be almost surreal to Rebecca. In the office, she fielded the usual post break questions: how was your holiday? Did you have fun? What did you do? She was non-committal as always, offering the usual "Good, thank you. And you?" response that was expected. The only person she opened up to was Geraldine, her secretary-cum-assistant. 

Geraldine, or Geri, as she preferred, was a fair bit younger than Rebecca. At 35, she was almost a generation behind her boss, yet was also woman enough to have had her share of life too. As a result, the two women were able to bond closely, sharing an almost sisterly level of affection for each other, although their relationship remained almost entirely professional. They had shared the occasional lunchtime drink together, but their socializing had not extended much beyond. Nonetheless, they confided in each other regularly. When Rebecca needed a girlfriend to turn to, with whom to share her concerns, professional or personal, it was to Geri that she usually turned. 

Thus was the case that Monday morning. When Rebecca exchanged greetings with her and Geri asked her the obligatory questions, Rebecca told her all that had happened. 

She had long ago confided in her assistant that she was bi-sexual, but, unlike her lover, Rebecca had had more experience with women, both before Tom and since, although this experience usually consisted of the occasional one night stand following a rare night out at an out-of-town lesbian bar. Given her position, Rebecca had to be as discreet as possible, to protect herself, her position and the standing of her office - to not compromise either herself or her position, or to put the district attorney into a difficult position - and, especially, her daughter. 

Even so, Geri was stunned when she learned that the person who had so quickly captured her boss' heart was another woman. "God, Becky, you're really going to have to keep a tight lid on this."

"I know, and I have no idea how I'm going to do that. Or even if I want to."

"You realize that if it comes out, you will likely have to resign your position?"

"I know. And I've thought about that, hard. It might be that I have to resign before it does come to light, to protect Sam and Carrie, as well as Jenny."

"Wow."

"I know."

"You realize that it will still come to light. Those bastards at the Chronicle will keep digging until they find something on you. You know it."

"Yes. I know it. I just don't know what to do for the best, to protect those that I love."

"You really love her that much, to give up all this?"

Rebecca snorted.

"OK, point taken. But still."

"I know," the lawyer sighed. "What do you think I should do?"

"Hell, I dunno, hon."

"Me neither."

One thing that she did know, however, was that this was a decision on which she would need Samantha's input , and she was not looking forward the conversation that she would need to have with Sam, and soon. She did not relish the thought of that conversation; as if this wasn't already moving too fast, even for her, but for Sam? Would she even be able to cope with it? Would her desire to protect Sam and their daughters be the very thing that drove Sam away? As she went back to work, she was filled with a deep sense of apprehension. 

That evening, as she drove home, her mind was a whirlwind, trying to determine what was the best course of action, how to broach the subject with Samantha. She picked up Jenny en route, and, by the time she arrived home, she had developed a headache that showed no signs of abating. 

Once dinner was over and she had showered, she decided that an early night would be in order. So, after putting Jenny to bed, she readied herself for bed too. Feeling nauseous now too, as she climbed into bed her phone rang. "Great," she muttered. "Just what I needed."

Without even looking at the caller id display, she answered with a curt, "Rebecca Ridley."

"Rebecca?"

"Sam, hi."

"Are you OK?"

"No, not really, but it'll pass. What's up?"

"Oh, umm. Well nothing, really. I was just calling to say hi."

"OK. Hi."

"Should I ...? Umm, is this a bad time? Should I, umm, call you back another time?" Samantha sounded hesitant.

"If you could. Thanks." And she hung up the phone. Turning over to go to sleep, the headache now pounding inside her forehead mercilessly, she knew that sleep was going to prove elusive. 

***

Waking up the next morning, Rebecca groaned as she remembered the brief conversation. "You're such a bitch sometimes, woman. What's wrong with you?" she mused. "Jesus, just get a grip!" Once in the shower, she soaked under the streaming water and considered her options. Once she stepped out, her mind was set. 

After dropping Jenny off at school, Rebecca called up her office and spoke to the DA briefly before heading into town. She arrived outside Samantha's office a little after 9:30. A few minutes later, after a conversation with the receptionist, a very apprehensive-looking Samantha stepped out of the elevator in the lobby. 

"Sam? Samantha?"

Samantha looked round to see Rebecca walking towards her with a large bouquet of purple flowers. 

"I'm sorry they're not lilacs, honey, so I did the best I could."

"I...I can't. I'm sorry," faltered Sam, as she turned and headed back toward the elevator door.

"Sam, wait, please?"

"I have to work, Rebecca, I can't do this, not here, not now."

"Samantha, please, I'm trying to apologize, to tell you how sorry I am. I love you."

"Well you sure had a funny way of showing it last night," snapped Sam. Then, to the receptionist who had cast a startled glance in their direction, "Don't you have some work to do? A phone to answer?"

Rebecca caught her arm. "Please, Sam?"

Samantha looked at her coldly. "You promised me, not three days ago, that you would never hurt me. Didn't you hear me when I told you I was afraid to love you? Didn't you understand, from all that I told you, that I was afraid of getting trampled on again? Don't you understand why I was afraid to love you, and still am afraid? Don't you get it?"

"Honey, yes, I get it, and I'm sorry."

"So why'd you do it, Rebecca? Why did you cut me down like I was some miscreant in your court, like I was a mere nothing to you?"

Rebecca sighed. "Sam, I know, and I'm sorry. I have no excuses. I was wrong. But there's something on my mind that I need to talk to you about, and it was overwhelming me yesterday. I had a headache, I was feeling sick, and yes, I snapped at you. I just wasn't thinking. So I wanted to offer you an apology, and bought you these to show you how very sorry I am for being a such a bitch, and to declare how much I love you. So, would you take them from me, and maybe allow me to buy you a coffee?"

Sam sighed. "Ok, sure. Let me get my coat." And with that, both Sam and the flowers were gone. Fifteen minutes later, they sat opposite each other in the local coffee bar, sipping cappuccinos. 

"OK, so what was on your mind that had you so screwed up last night?" ventured Samantha.

"Well, I was rather hoping to be able to talk to you somewhere altogether more private about it, but I guess I owe you an explanation." And Rebecca told Sam what had been bothering her yesterday, and what she was considering. 

"But that's crazy, Rebecca. I can't ask you to do that!" exclaimed Samantha, once the lawyer had finished. 

"You're not asking me to do anything. But, if ... when, this leaks out, a public servant involved in a lesbian relationship, you know it's going to be all over the papers."

"Why would anyone care?"

"In case you hadn't noticed, this isn't the most liberal of cities, and the DA has made some enemies in City Hall. The paper will be all over it like a rash, just to weaken his position. "

"That's nonsense."

"Unfortunately, no, it's not. Look, I've got to get back to work, so, can we discuss this some more this evening?"

"Sure. Where, you place or mine?"

"I don't care – why don't you come over to my place? I'll make us dinner and I'll get a movie for us all to watch and then we can sit down and talk once the girls have gone to bed."

They parted with a hug and a kiss. 

Later that evening, Sam and Rebecca sat facing each other on the couch. Rebecca held Sam's hands in her own. She had just finished explaining to her girlfriend what she had been contemplating: to resign her position before all their names were all over the front page, and seek a position at a local law firm. 

"Rebecca, you shouldn't have to do that, not for me. Or at all, in fact."

"I know, hon. But if I don't, the papers will figure it out sooner or later, and they'll make all of our lives a misery. I will be forced to resign my position regardless, and probably the DA will too. It's not fair, but that's just the way it is. The only alternative would be for us to stop seeing each other, and that, for me, at least, is not an option. So it makes sense to quit with dignity while I'm still ahead, and before this leaks out."

"But what if it doesn't work out between us? Have you thought of that?"

"Of course I have, my dear. It's possible, of course, but our chances of survival, as a couple or even individually, are far less if I don't take this course of action. And I feel that we owe it to ourselves, and our daughters, to give ourselves the best chance we can get, and I owe it to both you and to Jenny and Carrie, to not expose you to the harsh glare of the press. Trust me, it isn't fun," she finished grimly. 

Samantha sighed. "Ok, I guess if you're sure."

"I'm sure about one thing and one thing only."

"Oh? And what would that be?" Sam looked tired as Rebecca caught her eyes. 

"That I love you. "

"Please, don't, Rebecca?"

"Love you? Or tell you that I do?"

"Either. It scares me. It's all moving too fast."

"Come here, then."

"Why?"

"Just come here."

Sam sighed as she moved closer to Rebecca, leaning her back into the lawyer, who wrapped her arms around her. Resting her chin on the older woman's shoulder, she nuzzled her ear, nibbling on her earlobe. Unwrapping her arms, she whispered into Sam's ear, "You're tense, my dear. Let me ease that for you." And with that, she began gently, at first, then with more pressure, rubbing, massaging Sam's shoulders, finding the knots in her muscles and kneading them out. She felt Samantha gradually relax as her shoulders dipped slightly and her body became looser, releasing her tension. 

As Rebecca's fingers achieved their goal on Sam's shoulders, so she moved them down her upper arms, kneading her flesh, worshipping it with her fingertips and palms. Lifting Sam's left arm, she continued her ministrations on down her forearm and massaged her hand, taking each finger in turn and suckling it, eliciting a soft moan from the prone woman. This she then repeated on Sam's right arm and hand. Then, cupping her hands around the older woman's chin and cheeks, she gently eased the tension from her friend's face. Leaning over, she followed the path of her finger tips with her lips, along Sam's jawbone, her mouth and lips, her forehead and on down the bridge of her nose to the very tip, taking in each closed eyelid in turn. 

Extending her arms to cup Samantha's breasts, she brought her own lips to rejoin Sam's, administering butterfly kisses to each corner of her upturned mouth and along its length, finally coming to rest, capturing her lover's mouth in its entirety and gently probing with her tongue, seeking entrance. Samantha's moans had extended into one, long moan as her mouth open slightly to let Rebecca in. Rebecca's tongue darted into the opening, teasing with Sam's tongue while her hands worked their magic on her breasts, kneading them, pulling at them gently, tugging on the nipples that were clearly prominent even though her bra and blouse.

As if on a silent cue, Rebecca slid down underneath Samantha while Sam turned over to face the woman she loved. As she did so, Rebecca released the buttons on Sam's blouse and slid it over her shoulders and onto the floor, and unclasped her bra, sending it in the same direction as the blouse. Slipping out of her own blouse and bra – not an easy move from her position, which caused Sam to giggle – Rebecca pulled Sam's naked torso onto her own, pressing her breasts into her own, delighting in the feel of her nipples piercing into her own womanly flesh. Capturing Sam's mouth once more and continuing her assault on it, Rebecca ran her hands over the older woman's shoulder blades, and on down her back, releasing any residual tension from her spine, until she met the barrier of the waistband of the jeans that Samantha wore. Sam slid her own hand between them to release the button and zipper, then turned her hand and slipped it underneath Rebecca's skirt to cup her lover's mound though her panties.

Rebecca watched as Sam released her mouth, seeing the lust and desire in her eyes, as Sam's head followed her body down Rebecca's torso, her lips coming to rest on Rebecca's left breast, immediately latching onto her nipple and suckling her deeply, like a starved infant. While she did so, her fingers assaulted Rebecca's gash, running her fingers along her length, probing her through her sodden panties. Turning her oral ministrations to the right breast, Sam dipped her finger inside the lacy fabric of Rebecca's panties and dipped inside her velvet core. Rebecca gasped, and shuddered as she felt the finger penetrate her, then whimper as Sam ran her finger along the length of her gash once more, ending its journey with a gentle touch with her nail to Rebecca's already swollen clit. Rebecca gasped once more, and thrust her hips up to meet the intruder, but Sam withdrew, teasing her. 

Rebecca watched, full of longing, lust and love for this woman looking down at her, grinning impishly, and as she lowered herself further down Rebecca's body, delivering kisses along the way down. Rebecca felt Sam tugging at her skirt and panties, and, lifting her ass to accommodate their easy removal, watched as Sam's lips continued their kisses along down the length of one leg, suckling each of her toes in turn, then back up towards her molten center. But Sam teased her some more, as Rebecca felt the hot breathe on her opening as Sam's kisses continued down the inside of her other leg, where she again suckled her other five toes in turn. Her moans had become a whimper, desperate for Sam's renewed touch on her hungry sex. She widened her legs further, lewdly displaying herself to Sam, hoping to entice her back up to engulf her need. 

But Sam wasn't done teasing her just yet. Rebecca felt with increasing desperation and desire as Sam's tongue retraced it steps back up her leg, her mouth suckling her the soft flesh of her inner thigh and then switching back to the other leg, as again, Rebecca felt hot breathe on her folds. Sam's mouth suckled the inner thigh once more, before returning, finally, lord have mercy, to her pussy. Still, Rebecca's need was not to be sated, not just yet. She felt Sam's tongue swipe along the crease between her thigh and her mound, then her kisses once more, traversing her mons as they made their way to the other thigh once more, and then the tongue trailed once more down the other crease, circling her outer labia. Finally, she shuddered as she felt the tip of Sam's tongue touch the lower tip of her labia, teasing her, moving up her length ever-so slowly, penetrating ever-so slightly, ending with a flick once more to her clit, causing Rebecca's hips to lurch skyward. Once more, contact was lost, and once more Rebecca whimpered. Then, the flat of Sam's tongue pressed itself along the length of her labia to her vaginal opening, where it thrust itself as deeply as it would go into her inner core, as Rebecca's hips thrust upwards to meet it, desperate to be filled completely, and causing a loud, protracted moan to escape.

Finally. 

Rebecca shrieked, as simultaneously she felt Sam thrust two fingers deep into her as, her mouth capture her clit and suck hard, and Sam's remaining hand smothered her scream. Releasing her mouth, Sam's hand returned to Rebecca's breast where it kneaded, massaged and tweaked her nipple, while her mouth continued to suckle her clit and her fingers started pumping Rebecca's pussy for all their worth. Rebecca's hips matched her thrusts as she felt herself be well and truly fucked by the older woman's fingers and as she somehow managed to keep sucking her clit. Rebecca's climax didn't so much build as explode, as her entire body thrashed from side to side, her head likewise, and as Sam's mouth rode the waves expertly, remaining in contact with her clit until she subsided, and Rebecca pushed her away as she became too sensitive. 
