 Connie Eubanks was feeling a little low that morning, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't get into her job, and constantly had to remind herself to get back to work! Even while taking phone calls, her mind would wander and she had to ask several clients to repeat what they had just said because she wasn't paying any attention! At about 11:15 her phone rang and it was her best friend Millie calling to see if they could have lunch together.

"Sure Mil," Connie replied, "why not, I'll meet you by the elevators in five minutes." When they hit the lobby Millie asked where Connie wanted to go for lunch. Connie thought about it for a second and replied, "Ya know Mil, I'm feeling a little blue this morning, so what I'd really like to do is go for a quick shave if that's all right with you!?!"

Millie laughed and answered quickly, "Fine by me, let's go!"

The two women entered the salon and went directly to the hostess who was busy taking reservations. "Do you think you could get two of us in for quick shaves," asked Connie hopefully.

"Do you have a reservation," asked the hostess?

"No," Connie shot back quickly, "we hoped you could slip us in, it's really important!"

"Let me see," said the hostess, while glancing over her reservation book, "okay girls, follow me, I think we can squeeze you in!"

When they got to the shaving room, the hostess called out to two barbers, "Jane, Erica, can you take care of these two right now, they really need it bad!?!"

"Jane nodded yes, and motioned both Connie and Millie into the two reclining barber's chairs. Both women quickly seated themselves, leaned back, and then waited for the two barbers to begin. "Okay, hon" said Jane, "lift your butt!" Connie lifted her ass off the chair and Jane reached under her dress and tugged off her panty hose and panties in one quick motion. Connie looked over at Millie, who also was having her under things removed by Erica! Both women then hiked their skirts up around their waists exposing their vaginas to watchful eyes of the two barbers, Jane and Erica.

Around the room, other women were going through the same process, so that they also could get ready to have their pussies shaved! "Okay, Connie," said Jane, "I'm going to lather you up and let it sit for a few minutes to soften up your bush, would you like me to finger you while we're waiting!?!"

"Oh please," Connie begged, "I need it so bad, finger me hard!!!"

Jane laughed and proceeded to lather up the hairy cunt, taking great pains to rub the palm of her hand all over the bulging mound of the middle aged woman. "There, that should do it," announced Jane, "now let's finger that pussy!!!" Connie sighed when Jane let her index finger poke its way into her now very wet vagina. "Is that what baby wanted," asked Jane in a little girls voice.

"Oh god," that feels so good, I think I'm going to cum already!!!"

"Go ahead, baby," Jane cooed softly, "cum for mama, make a nice orgasm for her!!!" Hearing the young woman talking so babyishly, Connie felt her vagina convulse several times, and a very hard climax raced through her needy little twat!

"Sweet jesus that felt good," Connie panted, "did I ever need that!"

"Glad you liked it," replied Jane, "I think we can give you that shave now, it seems to have softened up quite a bit!"

Out of nowhere Jane produced a triple track razor and began expertly shaving off all of Connie's thick pubic hair. The razor felt cold against her sensitive skin, but the feeling was incredible and Connie started to get that familiar feeling in the pit of her stomach again, that of an impending orgasm that was building like a tsunami after an earthquake! When Jane got down to the final strokes, Connie was in a state of almost sexual hysteria! The cool air on her now bare vagina, coupled with the constant manipulation by Jane on the folds of her pussy was causing Connie's cunt to quiver and shake on the edge of a massive orgasm! Connie looked over to see how Millie was coming along, and what she saw drove her even closer to the orgasmic edge!

Erica, Millie's barber, was busy tonguing her now bare pussy, wringing out every ounce of sexual energy that was stored up in the head of her hard little clit!!! Jane carefully wiped the excess soap from Connie's pussy and then asked, "Dear, would you like me to tongue you today!?!"

Almost unable to speak, Connie croaked an affirmative, and immediately Jane's mouth was attached to Connie's gaping cunt! Mille and Connie were very close to cumming, and they reached out a hand and gripped each other tightly as their cunts exploded in unison while the two barbers tongued them relentlessly!!! Both women stuffed their panties and panty hose into their purses and headed back to the office, their bare cunts feeling free and wild after the shave and oral worship from Jane and Erica.

Riding up the elevator alone, Connie lifted her skirt and showed Millie just how puffy and full her lips had become! Not to be out done, Millie did like wise, exposing her own mound, and even dropping her hand to her crotch and giving her pussy a quick fingering!!!

"Look at my pussy, Con," moaned Millie, "I can't help it, I'm gonna cum again!!!"

Seconds later, her friend, now leaning up against the elevator wall for support, shook all over while her body was being ravaged by another climax! Connie quickly hit the stop button on the elevator, and while still exposing herself to her friend begged, "Please Mil, eat it for me please!!!"

Millie didn't need another invitation, and quickly dropped to her knees and began tonguing her friend's wet pussy! Connie was certainly right about one thing, she had extremely puffy cunt lips, and Millie savored the thickness and texture of her friend's labia!

It was Connie's clit, however, that was driving this bus, and Millie wasted no time in boring in on her little stiff target! In a flash, Connie's cunt spasmed out of control and flooded Millie's mouth with a torrent of orgasmic juice! Both women, now totally spent, struggled to regain their lost composure!

Back at her desk Connie was still finding it hard to concentrate on her work, but at least it wasn't as the result of sexual tension!!!

THE END

well that's my story and as always any pics from admirers would be appreciated!