 Disclaimer:

This is a work of erotic fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. The views and opinions expressed by characters in this story are not necessarily those of the author.

All characters in this story are over the age of 18.



This is intended as a humorous, feel-good lighthearted romance and as such it does not contain graphic and detailed sex. 

Thank you very much anotherwannabe for your immense effort in helping me - a non native speaker - by editing and proofreading this piece and offering invaluable suggestions.

Any and all feedback is very welcome.

Lilium -

or how I almost managed to come close to possibly defeating Supergirl

Yes, this is it. I have devised a plan that will tear the mask off of this arrogant blonde bimbo Supergirl. And the truth will shake you to your very core, you puny, feeble-minded humans. You will cry in fear and shock, tear out your own hair and beat each other with sticks. 

No, wait – that's not it. Why would they beat each other? And where would they get sticks from in the city? I need a more powerful image.

Oh yes, this is better: You will drown in desolation when your idol falls. You will watch in agony as your hero tumbles to her knees so that fear will grab hold of your weak hearts! Her fall will be your fall! Muhahaha! I'm so good at being evil! 

The fruits of my labor are within my grasp. There is nothing a brilliant psychopathic mind like mine can't achieve, if it is dedicated to one singular purpose! Destroying Supergirl! Having a giant trust fund didn't hurt either, but mostly it was my evil genius.

I laugh my cruel insanity into the dim light of my lair. Ok, more of a throaty giggle, I'll have to keep working on that. Moving on. All I need now before I can proceed to Phase 2 of my devious master plan is a name. A name that strikes fear into the hearts of men. And women, obviously. But mostly men, because statistically speaking they make up the majority of armed law enforcement.

Something brutal, dark, malevolent. Like Darkness. Hmm, perhaps no. Can't really tell if it's a super villainess or a new brand of axe shower gel. Darkness Girl. Hmm. No, people will think I copied Supergirl. I need something original.

Maybe something that will let them know I poured all my malice and cruelty into my master plan and that resistance is futile. Something that makes them cower in despair. Angel of Death. No... that sounds like a nickname a 12-year-old would use for online gaming in his mom's basement.

This is harder than I thought. It's so unfair she already has the "girl" in her name. I'm a girl too. And now I have to use something gender neutral or risk sounding like an imbecile. I could use implied female gender. Yes, let's see. Princess of Despair. Wait, "Princess", really? How old are you? Five? Focus. Think evil thoughts.

Aarrgghh, grmmrrl... Supergirl! I want to rip off that silly slutty blue top of yours, and grab those big tits and then-- What? Wait. Stop it. These aren't evil thoughts.

Besides, I bet it's all padding. But God, I know it's not. Look at her, prancing around. You can see it when she walks. How they bounce with every graceful step, how they strain against the fabric of her skimpy top. Like seriously, you couldn't have made your costume a little less provocative? Did they only have child sizes where you bought it? That cape is not fooling anyone you blonde bitch, I bet you're not even wearing underwear. God, I bet she tastes like heaven down there. Like warm summer rain. Like sweet juicy strawberries. And those blue crystal eyes. Hmmm. Stop it! Claire Amelie Summers, stop licking your lips this instant!

EVIL! I said evil thoughts. Put your hands on the table where I can see them. No funny business when we're at this critical phase. Who's "we" by the way? There's no one here but me, why am I explaining this to myself. Stop distracting me, me! Ok, where were we, where was I?

Princess of Despair clearly doesn't cut it. I need something more terrifying than "princess" that isn't gender neutral. hmm. Maiden of Cruelty. A nice homage to the inspiring design of a - as it turns out, tragically underutilized - torture device. No... sounds too medieval. Chaotic Usurping Matriarch. Chaos is always good but... matriarch? Might be pushing it for a 21-year-old orphan. Also, that abbreviates to C.U.M. Ok, not the best idea I've ever had.

Ok Claire, calm down... take a breath... sometimes less is more. No adjectives, no gender, just make up a word. One word. Think unhappy thoughts. Death, doom, destruction, famine, poverty, gentrification. No, no, no, this isn't a political science project. Think sort of... fabled, something vague that's still easily identifiable as bad news. Like Bloodsong. Hm yeah, now we're getting somewhere. Has a nice ring to it. And it's obviously badass and sufficiently enigmatic.

I'd need a red costume though. Wouldn't go well with my long red curly hair. I could dye my hair black? A pasty, freckled, black-haired Supervillainess...maybe cute, but I doubt it will illicit the "Oh-my-God-the-end- is-nigh-we're-all-gonna-die" thing I'm looking for. Ok something without blood, something dark, so I can wear a black costume that'll work nicely with my hair and my green eyes. 

Hmm... Deathsong. What's with the the singing? Ok less musical, more darkness. Nightsword. That sounds ridiculous. But on the plus side, I do have a sword. I don't know the first thing about sword fighting, but I bought the Book of the Five Rings which was written by one of the greatest swordsmen of all times: Miyamoto Musashi. And I'm a quick study. That blond pretentious do-gooder won't know what hit her.

But having the sword in the name does limit me. What if I want switch to guns at some point? Ok keep the night, what sounds badass with night? Night Terror. Hmm... two words and commonly dealt with by motherly hugs. No, next.

Nighthawk. No, not devious enough. Nightshade. Hmm... I like it. Ok let's google that to make sure it isn't some weird sexual fetish. It's a family of flowers, did not know that. Maybe they are toxic or carnivorous? There you go, some are highly toxic. Family also contains potato and eggplant? Oh for the love of...!

Ok let's just start with google. Let's try female demon. there we go. Lilith, that's bad ass. The personification of female sexuality... ok, maybe not. Lilim, her daughter, a feared night spirit. Nice. According to older Jewish tradition married to Cain. What? Jesus, this is impossible. I've had it with this up to here. Next thing that pops into my head is it. Lilium.

Lilium it is. Which are very beautiful flowers. Ok moving on. Lilium, you cunning, devious super villainess, what's your next move? Ok let's look at the step by step.

Step one - Name. Done.

Step two - Costume that somehow ties into name. I'll have to talk to Jean about that. I'm sure he knows a tailor who will be able to concoct something menacing in black with a dark red lily somewhere on it.

Step three - Learn how to swordfight. Already have the book, that'll be a walk in the park.

Step four - Transform myself into merciless killing machine. Easy, already placed the order for ten white bunnies to be delivered to me. They'll arrive later today. Once I transform them into a bloody, gory mess with my soon-to-be impressive sword fighting skills, I'll be sufficiently desensitised to face my nemesis.

Step five - Prepare bomb. Done. Well... sort of done. Since I have no knowledge of explosives and also no means to procure any I won't use an actual bomb, but I have accounted for that in my master plan. I will use a box lined with lead and several layers of kryptonite that I bought off of ebay.

Well the lead box I bought on ebay, the kryptonite I bought separately and I had the lining done by an expert at considerable expense. I had a keypad installed on the box, so Lilium the tyrant will not only pour all her cunning and malice into said box, but also place the bunny remains inside.

Might as well use it for something other than a bluff. She won't be able to see inside and she won't be able to touch or move it. Checkmate Supergirl. 

Step six - Take bomb to some high-rise construction site. Strike fear into the hearts of passersby: shout about a giant bomb and the end of the world, and Supergirl, who hears everything while she's drifting in space, will come swooping down.

Step seven - Explain hopelessness of situation to Supergirl. Make up story of how bomb will go off unless my heart stops in time, leaving Supergirl no choice but to fight me. Kill Supergirl with kryptonite-covered sword, unparalleled fighting technique and sheer cold heartedness. Disappear into the shadows. Watch the world fall into darkness as news of their slain idol travels to even the remotest corners of the world.

It's truly a magnificently cruel and cunning plan. Worthy of a super villainess.

Ok then on to step 2. I exit my loft and walk down a flight of stairs into the main hall.

"Jean," I call out for my trusted helper.

"Yes, Miss Claire, how may I be of service?" he responds, turning the corner.

"I've recently taken up sword fighting and I'll need a very specific training outfit." I casually inform him.

He looks at me inquisitively. "Sword fighting, Miss Claire? I'd rather you not put yourself in that position. Is there nothing I could say to dissuade you from this endeavour? Perhaps I could have a nice place set up for the bunnies that just came in? Then you could go play with them." His concern seems genuine.

"I'm afraid not, Jean. A strong mind needs a strong body. But you need not worry, I'll take every precaution, which is why I need this... ermm... protective suit."

And play with bunnies, how dare he! He's talking to the fearsome Lilium, slayer of Supergirl!

"Also, I'm 21 years old so I don't play with bunnies. They're for a university project. Please have them brought to my loft."

A warm smile accompanies his, as always, formal reply. "My sincere apologies, Miss Claire. The bunnies will be brought up to your loft within the hour. I will get in contact with our tailor immediately."

A week filled with sword fighting practice and several conversations with the tailor later, I'm looking at the two different costumes he made and sent to me. I'm excited as I unpack the first one. Looks nice. This is the one he was very skeptical about making when I presented my design. Boy was he wrong, this fits like a glove.

I check myself out in the mirror. Oh. Ok, now I see what he meant when he said I went a little too heavy on the leather. I don't look like Lilium the usurper, I look like Claire the dominatrix on her way to the nearest S/M club, getting ready to whip some high powered business executive who's dressed up in a piggy costume.

Ok let's shelf this one for potential later use. Who knows what might tickle my fancy once I rule the world? Ok, second one, I have a good feeling about this. I put it on and look at myself in the mirror. Well... if I did the splits in it, very little would be left to the imagination. Then again, I can't actually do the splits.

Still, a little less tight might prove essential in my upcoming battle. What's with the collar though? Makes me look like a Twilight mom on her way to the annual "Edward's-sparkling-fixed-my-vaginal-dryness" gathering. Collar's got to go. Other than that, I'm very satisfied with what he did. There's no mask, but I don't need a mask.

Masks are for amateurs who are seen. I'll blend into the shadows, move like a ghost. Like a tiger that for some reason walks on two legs and sneaks around a construction site... Maybe like an assassin! Yes that's it!

Ok I'll have the collar and tightness fixed and just pay a little on top. Great. Step two - done. On to the desensitising. By now I have enough practise with the sword to be reasonably sure that I can make quick work of those bunnies. They've been freeloading for far too long already.

Which of you will feel my wrath first? Maybe you, Mr. Pebbles? Don't look so surprised, you earned that nickname. Or did you forget the state you left my carpet in the other day? No, he's so cute the way he snuffles and scratches his cute little head. How about you Cuddles? Yeah enough cuddling.

Time to make a scarf out of you. Don't look at me like that. Leadership requires sacrifice. I don't like this any more than you do. Stop looking at me like that. Ok... not Cuddles. This is going nowhere. Which one do I like the least?

Aha, Barfy there you are! Oh yes, you have it coming after the whole these-carrots-didn't-agree-with-me fiasco. Get over here! Once I'm disposed of you, it'll be like a dam that has broken and the others will follow suit! I'll have to buy more bunnies to quench my thirst for blood! Aha! There he sits! Not suspecting a thing. I raise the sword. He raises his cute little bunny head and tilts it to the left. Do it. Cut him down. Do it now... Still not doing it, what's the hold up?

Maybe if he doesn't look at me. Like the true apex predator that I am, I circle around the unsuspecting Barfy. With tiger-like grace and swiftness I maneuver into a striking position, I raise the sword. And. And. And... Ok maybe, the sword is a little too much for indoors. I don't want to accidentally ruin the carpet.

I'm evil. I should do it with my bare hands. Yes. I pick up Barfy and put him on my arms. Ok... now strangle him. I look into his eyes. Strangle him. He licks my hand. Do it. Strangle that little furball. That's petting, not strangling. Ah damn it, I knew naming them was a mistake. I give Barfy one last scratch behind his ears and put him back to the ground.

Ok so I'm clearly not cut out for animal cruelty. So what? Isn't that serial killer 101 anyway?

I'll just keep improving my sword fighting skills and when I'm faced with my arch nemesis the adrenaline will do the rest.

Today's the day that I will change the world. My preparations are complete and I am at the construction site watching two muscular gentlemen carry the box to its designated spot. It was a lot heavier than I anticipated, despite it being empty due to the bunny massacre setback, which in retrospect should have been obvious given the lead lining. So I had to pay a parcel service to deliver it here. I gave very specific instructions.

And as I pleasantly observe they are followed to the letter. Ok the parcel service is gone, time to infiltrate my target. Like I planned, I swiftly jump from shadow to shadow and infiltrate the abandoned construction site. Yes, that's why I chose a Sunday. 

Ok now on to the last part. A passerby to serve as receptacle for my doomsday bait. I look in all directions. No one as far as the eye can see. This isn't exactly what I had hoped for. Suddenly a noise, a falling bottle around the corner. Aha, my soon-to-be victim! I sneak up behind the figure that leans against the wall and with the voice of a throat cancer patient I grunt, "Behold, Lilium, the bringer of death is here to usher in a new era!"

He almost dies of a heart attack right there. Poor homeless guy. He looks at me in what I can only describe as panicked disbelief. "Whaaa...whaat?" With that he falls to the ground and immediately starts snoring. Ok, he might be more intoxicated than panicked. I hope he's alright. I check his pulse. Yeah he's just sound asleep, so I pull his old woolen blanket up to cover him properly. I need a more terrified response if I am to lure Supergirl here.

Then I see them across the street, a perfectly unsuspecting couple. A wimp of a man holding hands with some midget girl. I sneak across the street. I position myself in the shadow right in their path. Just as they are about to pass me by I jump out and present throat cancer, the rerun: "Behold, Lilium the bringer of death is here to usher in a new era!"

They are clearly shocked. Speechless. They are terrified and who can blame them. "There is a bomb in that building," I scream, " A bomb, everyone will die!" They look at me in horror. Then they turn and run away in the direction of the mini golf circuit. "MOM, DAD, MOM, DAD!"

That should do it. Now all I need to do is go back to my hiding place and await my nemesis. This is what I have been training for. This is the moment where villainesses are born. Where legends are forged!

There she is, just like I had anticipated. She descends to the ground, her red cape separated from her exquisite figure by a gust of wind. Like an angel she lands softly, almost delicately placing her feet on the ground. Stop it. She could charge at you any second.

She lands far enough away from my make-believe bomb so the kryptonite doesn't affect her, and some distance away from me. She assesses the situation, then she looks directly at me. I'm ready for the pathetic appeal to my emotions, arrogant do-gooders like her, predictably, resort to in situations like these. Her blond hair frames a face too perfect to have been born on this world, a body so truly breathtaking no costume on this world short of a giant potato bag could hide it, and eyes of such a bright blue it is almost impossible to meet her gaze and not fall to your knees.

Stop it! This is what you prepared for. She smiles at me. What? Why? Her voice is like a revelation, "What is your name, if I may ask?" Stop it. Focus.

"I am Lilium, your worst nightmare!" It sounded more convincing in my head.

She flashes me the most beautiful smile I have ever seen. "I love lilies." God, what a smile. Those lips. Stop it! Keep going, follow through with the plan, you can do it.

I point at the box. "That, right there, is a bomb, powerful enough to level this building and, as you can tell, it is impenetrable to your gaze and lined with kryptonite so you can't so much as approach it. It will go off in twenty minutes. And, because the ignition mechanism is tied to this pulse monitor, the only way to disarm it is if my heart stops beating. Time to face your nemesis!" As I finish I point to my wristwatch.

She's been listening to my prepared speech intently. She looks at the box and back at me. Ha, you big titted airhead, no way out of this one! Prepare to meet your maker. She's still smiling while she walks towards a massive concrete block. Careful, she'll try to catch you by surprise and throw it at you. Any second now.

Prepare to duck. Jesus, I might actually die. No! You can do this. Ready yourself!

She reaches the massive block. Now. What is she doing? She sits down on it, folds one leg over the other and rests her arms on her legs. She looks at me, taps the concrete next to her and says, "Would you please sit with me?" What?

Where does she get off? I'm not going to sit with her. I am a villainess and I have a freaking sword. I try to sound as menacing as I can, "Did I not make myself clear? One of us dies today, there is no other way. It can not be disarmed!"

"I'm not an expert, but the keypad suggests otherwise, wouldn't you agree, Lilium?" She asks with a sweet melody in her angelic voice, pointing at the box. Shit, I hadn't considered that. Ok so maybe she's not an airhead. Still, she's no match for your evil genius. Quick, improvise! You can still get this plan to work!

"Good luck trying to torture the combination out of me," I say with as vile a tone as I can muster. She looks at me with those beautiful blue crystals. I can't meet her gaze anymore, so I focus on her body instead. Trying to read her muscles and posture to predict incoming attacks, just like the book taught me. 
