 Sharon spread out her blanket in the backyard. Clad only in a thong bikini, she unfastened her top, revealing her small, pert breasts(the fence was high enough that none would see her), applied sun lotion, and lay back, closing her eyes. She never did like tan lines on the models she'd seen, and even though no one would know if she had any, she didn't want them. She reached over, switching on the CD player, the ethereal, hypnotic voice of Enya (her favorite) issuing forth.

Lillian sauntered out into her own back yard, a light wrap over her curvaceous hips, her dark hair fluttering in the light breeze. She tilted her head at the sound of the CD, walking over to peer through a gap in the fence. "Oh, hello," she said in a pleased voice.

Sharon sat up abruptly, arms instinctively covering her supple young breasts. She peered at the fence, trying to find the source of the voice.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. It's me, neighbor Lillian." She smiled through the fence, and waved over the top.

"Uh...hi, Ms Lillian, I was just...I just.... Mom and Dad aren't here, right now," she stammered as she covered herself with the blanket.

"Oh, hey, don't worry. I do the same, and besides, it's a nice view." She grinned, and then glanced around. "I was just going to make something to drink. Sun tanning alone is lonely... if you want, come over, we can share."

Sharon turned crimson. No one had ever seen her naked except her female doctor. "D-d-drink?" She stammered. "O-o-okay, let me put on some clothes."

Sharon stood, wrapping the blanket around her, bending to pick up the CD player.

"Oh, no, don't bother with that. I'll join you. Come on, nip over, I'll get the drinks." She eyed the girl as she bent over, then smiled to herself and vanished into the house, rapidly assembling a couple of pitchers worth of carefully mixed cocktails.

Working beneath the blanket, Sharon hitched her top in place, folded the blanket, set it and the player in the shade and made her way to the side gate.

Lillian reappeared with a large, frosty pitcher in each hand, dark liquid swimming with ice and mint leaves in each one. "There we go," she said, setting them down on a small table in the middle of the lush grass, where there were already two glasses. 

"Come on, pour yourself some." She undid the wrap around her own waist and flicked it out, then casually undid her own bikini top, revealing a spectacular pair of firm, rounded breasts with small pink nipples. She glanced up. "Share the wrap, it's plenty big and the grass is soft." She perched herself down on one corner, pouring herself a drink as an example.

Sharon paused, hand halfway to the pitcher, noticing the movement of the now bare-breasted woman. She forced her eyes to stare at the pitcher, willing her hand to pour a glass. Lillian nodded approvingly, smiling. "My own recipe. I'm sure you'll like it." She scooted down the wrap and lay back onto her elbows, sipping the drink and watching the young girl.

Sharon stared a hole in bottom of the glass, fully aware of the half-nude beauty staring at her. She raised the glass to her lips, sipping. "Uh.... Ms Lillian? This has alcohol in it."

"Oh yes. Just a little though. It's the only way to get the right flavor." The drink was actually quite strong, but the mint and combination of sweet liquors and bitters masked it well. "Don't you like it?" She carried on watching her, admiring the figure.

"Yes, Ma'am. It's very good. You don't mind me drinking it? If my parents ever knew...." She bolted up straight, looking Lillian in the eyes, her own pleading. "You won't tell them, will you?"

"Oh no, of course not." She smiled. "If you never drink even a little bit, then when you finally do, you'll get hit harder. Rather drink up now, while it's safe." She finally looked away from the girl, gazing around the protected garden. "Now get that costume off, else you'll get tan lines."

At the words that their secret was safe, Sharon gulped the drink in sheer relief, then realized what she had done and giggled. She set the glass down, and not wanting tan lines, unfastened her top, laying it aside and pouring another glass; firmly aware that she was half nude in front of another person. Wow, all of a sudden it didn't bother her that she was topless, as well, before the hottest neighbor she'd ever seen.

Lillian smiled approvingly again, returning to admiring the girl's shape, her own breathing quickening slightly in response. She managed to keep her voice light and even as she watched the faint flush from the alcohol spread. "Bottoms too, if you want. I hate tan lines." She sipped from her own glass and set it aside, settling back to watch.

"Ummmmm," Sharon hesitated, looking around, seeing the fence as high as hers. Really, she reasoned, what if anyone else DID see her? She stood, hooking her thumbs in to the thin straps and slipped them, collapsing onto the spread to sit cross-legged, her trimmed pussy and lips exposed. She reached for her glass and took along drink. This really WAS good!

The warm day caressed their bodies with golden rays. Lillian stood and faced away, slowly sliding down her own bikini bottoms, bending to slip them off her feet, her hairless slit peeking at Sharon between her thighs. There may have been a faint glisten on the full, shaven lips as she bent, or it might have been imagination. She sat back down on the spread and appeared to relax.

"Ah, that feels better. Just like at a nudist colony. Have you ever been to one?"

Her glass at her lips, Sharon cast her eyes over the "big girl", giggling into her glass. "No, Ms Lillian." Giggling again. "I've heard they're just one huge, continuous orgy. Mom and Dad would NEVER let me go to one." She drained the glass and lay back, liking the feel of the sun and the spread.

Lillian laughed. "Oh god yes. Pretty much constantly. Oh, they like to pretend they're all innocent and family-friendly and everything, but... well, the things I've seen. Like, this one time, there were these two women on one side of a low wall, and this guy and his girlfriend on the other, and they were so... well, busy... they didn't even know the others were there. Got quite a fright when they all eventually stood up." She laughed, taking another sip.

Sharon giggled at the story, rolling onto her side, propping her head on her hand; as she unfolded her legs, her foot knocked over a glass and she laughed merrily, "Sorry, Ms Lillian. Accident." She giggled again, touching Lillian's foot with her free hand.

"Oh, don't worry about it. Nice and hot today. Talking of which, have you got some lotion on? I don't want that pretty body burning." She sat up pretending she didn't notice the touch, picking and brandishing her own bottle of expensive lotion. ‎ Sharon nodded, her neck a bit loose, motion exaggerated. "Yep, I put some on my front. Couldn't get my back, though. My arms don't bend that way." She giggled at her own joke.

Lillian grinned, making a circling movement with one finger. "Roll over then. Let me get you covered." She moved over to kneel with the side of her leg firmly pressed against the girl's hip once she was on her front, squirting some lotion into her hands. Sharon gasped as the cool liquid hit her back, tensing a moment, then relaxing as Lillian kneaded her muscles. Propping her chin on her hands, she asked, "What's it like? Sex, I mean."

Lillian spread the lotion evenly, exulting internally at the feel of the supple young body under her hands. She worked quickly at first, covering the neck and shoulders and down the back, slowing to a more sensual, gentle caress as she moved smoothly to the hips and bottom. "Sex? Sex is... wonderful. Glorious. The only thing worth pursuing." She grinned, glancing at the girl, hands still moving rhythmically. "You're a virgin? Really?"

"Well...." Hesitation. "I've touched myself there. Is that sex?"

Lillian actually giggled, her hands moving a little lower, now probing the bottom curves of Sharon's bottom, the nudging almost but not quite asking for the legs to be spread. "No. Well, technically, yes, but... no, the real thing is much much more than that, much better. It's a good step, though... knowing what feels good in yourself is half the trick."

The girl instinctively spread her legs at the light touch, inhibitions totally gone. "Can I tell you a secret? Just between us?"

"Yes, of course, anything..." The older woman's hands worked on the inside of Sharon's smooth thighs, almost but not quite touching the girl's lower lips, definitely a sensual caress now, slow and intimate.

Sharon shivered slightly; those hands were magic! She felt their touch grow lighter and slower. She really liked that. "When I was 9, I realized that I liked other little girls instead of boys. Is that bad?"

"Really?" Lillian smiled again, watching her hands, biting her lip at the sight of the girl's curved bottom. She let her fingers finally brush over those tempting lower lips, watching for the reaction, the other hand squeezing the girl's butt. "I don't think that's bad at all. I like girls myself too, a lot. We're just so much sexier than boys, sometimes."

Sharon jumped as her lips were touched. WOW! That was better than when she fondled herself while watching Kate Beckinsale in that catsuit in the vampire movie! Trying her damnedest to maintain composure, she couldn't help a tingling sensation deep within her. Naw...Ms Lillian just made a slip, that was all.

Lillian eased off after the jump, not wanting to push her luck, although the alcohol and the girl's admissions had given her a lot of confidence. She let her other hand continue to smooth over the girl's ass, caressing and squeezing it, before finally bringing her hand up to touch the girl intimately again, sliding up the smooth inner thigh to press into and caress her pussy.

She jumped again, not so much this time, as someone else's fingers touched her for the first time ever. The tingling grew into a warmth which she knew from playing with herself that she was beginning to moisten. "M-mm-ms Lillian? How do girls have sex?" She steeled herself for a tirade, yelling, accusing her of being a filthy little girl.

Lillian smiled with satisfaction, bending down to murmur into the girl's ear, her full breasts pressing into the smooth back of the girl underneath her as her fingers sought out the girl's virginal clit, finding and rubbing it. 

"Like this, Sharon. Do you want me to stop?"

The girl closed her eyes, turning her head to lay her cheek on her hands, gasping at the ministrations, then moaning loudly as her pussy began to moisten considerably. She raised her butt, spreading her legs a little to give Lillian more room. She moaned something that sounded like, "uh-uh." Lillian's fingers slid lower, pressing into the wetness, starting to move in and out rhythmically as a lower finger kept pressing the clit, her oiled thumb slipping up to brush over the girl's rear opening, nudged gently between the pert cheeks. She leaned a little further so she could nip very lightly at the girl's ear.

Sharon slid back, her butt high in the air, her chest and face still on the spread. "Teach me....please...." She moaned the words, wanting this voluptuous woman to never stop touching her; wanting her hands to roam over her nubile body.

"Of course, beautiful Sharon, I would love to." She purred into the ear, nipping it again, then kissing the graceful curve of her neck. her hand moved faster, gently probing deeper, rubbing clit and rear entrance regularly, her rigid nipples brushing against the girl's back with each movement.

Sharon's back arched as she came almost instantly, screaming, "MS LILLIAN!!" She bucked and shook, her juices dripping onto the spread. A few houses away, a dog barked at the sudden outburst. Lillian blushed hotly, slowing her hand movements, then gently withdrawing her hand and using the other to stroke and caress the girl's back and bottom. "Mmm, good girl. See, I told you sex was good. You're a screamer, though... we'll have to be careful." She laughed, then stood and gathered her things. "I'll leave you to relax and then think a bit. If you want to do more, I'll be waiting inside." Hips swaying, pretty bottom wiggling, she went up the stairs and vanished into the cool darkness within.

Sharon's legs felt rubbery. Was that all there was to sex? She didn't care a bit; not if it made her feel THIS good. She slowly straightened her legs, lying face down. What if there was more? Today was Saturday, Mom and Dad wouldn't be back until late Sunday night. She rolled onto her back, sat up, then stood; making her way on shaky legs into Ms Lillian's house.

The house was cool and dim, a trail of items... the bikini, a pair of shoes, a towel... leading up the stairs and into the bedroom. Lillian was waiting on the bed, still stark naked, hoping that the girl would follow her desires. Wandering from room to room, looking for Ms Lillian, Sharon spied the clothing trail and made her way to the bottom of the stairs. "Ms Lillian?" She called up, a trickle sliding unheeded down her leg.

Lillian grinned an almost predatory smile of satisfaction. "Up here. Come in. It's a lot more comfortable in here." She shifted across the bed to leave room for the girl, then waited for her to appear at the door. "Have you ever kissed anyone? Properly, I mean."

Sharon took the stairs two at a time, almost running along the hallway, stopping suddenly at the scene of the beautiful woman luxuriating on the bed. Her brow rose, eyes widening, her desire to learn all-consuming. "Kissed anyone? My parents and a few relatives. I guess that's a proper kiss," she said from the doorway.

Lillian giggled again, the sound musical in the room. "Oh no. Come here, I'll show you a proper kiss." The room was untidy in an artistic way, clean and orderly, but with silky underthings and the like draped over chairs and clothes stands. Books lined one wall, almost all erotic in content, and many carrying Lillian's name as the author. One large foreboding cupboard in the corner stood slightly open, and a peek through the gap might see a hint of an impressive collection of sex toys inside. Sharon took no notice of anything in the room, save the vibrant beauty patting the bed-covers and beckoning her over. Her legs moved mechanically, her eyes focused on Lillian's own; she was lost in those eyes.

Lillian reached out to her, helping her onto the bed, pulling her close. Their legs pressed together, one hand cradling the girl's face, thumb brushing her cheek. The other hand settled onto the girl's hip, caressing it. The older woman leaned in for a gentle kiss, lips parting lightly, holding it for a long moment as her lips moved against those of the younger girl, and then she broke away to peer into the girl's eyes. "How was that?"

Still giddy from the alcohol, she licked her lips. "Can I have another taste?"