 2: Dinner Time

Mid-morning Monday, the doorbell sounded, it's dulcet tones quietly ringing through the house. As Lillian moved to answer, she opened it to find Sharon, cheeks tear-streaked, clad in a rumpled t-shirt two sizes too large for her, blue jeans with fashionable rips in them, and worn white tennis shoes. In her left hand was a black gym bag, a pillow tucked between her body and arm; in her right was blue school backpack overflowing with clothes. The girl looked miserable, sniffling, holding back tears as she tried to put on a brave face.

Lillian blinked with some surprise at the apparition on her doorstep. She herself was just wearing her typical lounging-clothes... a dress that was practically a nightie, silky and sheer, and a light gown over the top. "Sharon? Are you okay?"

Sharon's face showed warring emotions. She had sworn to herself that she wouldn't cry. She wailed, "Daddy threw me oooooouuuttt!" The waterworks engaged full-force.

Lillian sighed, stepping aside to let Sharon in, patting her gently on the back as she passed. "Now why would he go and do a thing like that? Come on in, I've just made some cookies."

Sharon sullenly skulked inside, tears flowing down her face. "Saturday... when I screamed in the backyard...Mr. Vernon, that man who lives behind you? He looked over the fence and saw...." Sharon let out another wail of despair.

"Ah. I see. Well that's unfortunate." Lillian led the way through to the kitchen, the warm smell of fresh baking filling the air. She picked up a plate and filled it with the hot cookies, then took Sharon by the hand and led her to the couch. "Here. Sit. Relax. You're safe here."

"Oh, Ms Lillian...I don't know where else to go. I called all my friends from school, but their parents won't let me stay with them. She angrily snatched a cookie, biting it viciously.

"... and I'm missing school..." She hung her head. "I'm just a bad person."

"Well, you can stay here, of course. I don't think your parents will be too happy with the idea, but I'm sure we will be able to resolve it in time. Meanwhile... finish your cookies, then I suggest a shower. Nothing like warm water to make you feel better."

Suddenly not feeling hungry, she stood, picking up her things, and then dropping them to hug Lillian tightly. "Thank you, Ms Lillian. I'll do chores and cook for you. I'll try not to be a bother."

"Don't be silly. All you have to do is schoolwork and keep me entertained." Lillian grinned and hugged the girl close. "Now go upstairs and shower. When you're done, you can let your parents know that you're safe... I'm sure they're still worried, no matter what they might have said... and then we can have a nice day together. Now go on." She patted the girl on the bottom to send her on her way.

Lillian's voice had an immediate calming effect on the girl; her tension seemed to melt away as she hugged her, hearing the words. Again, she picked up her things and headed for the stairs. 

She stopped at the foot, gazing upwards. "Ummmm. You didn't show me where the bathroom is." She giggled for the time in what seemed to her to be ages.

Lillian chuckled and turned to head up the stairs. "This way." She led the way to the en-suite bathroom, and then leaned against the doorway to watch the girl. "So, what exactly did your father say?"

Sharon turned her back to Lillian, still a bit shy despite what happened a few days ago. As she undressed, she said, "Mr. Vernon called him while they were on their way home. Mr. Vernon and Daddy carpool to work. I was asleep when they got home. I woke up when Daddy threw my door open and started calling me a slut and a whore and... some word that starts with an 'L.' He said it so fast and I wasn't fully awake, so I didn't get it."

"Ah. 'Lesbian,' I assume. Well, I suppose that's to be expected, at first at least." She watched the girl undress openly, clearly enjoying the view. "That's how people react to change. It's quite normal."

Sharon bent at the waist, pulling down her panties, kicking them into the pile of clothes and moving to bathtub, her profile showing her pert breasts, silken skin, and well-rounded ass. She leaned over to turn on the water, adjusted the temperature, and stepped in, pulling the curtain. "What's a lesbian?" She asked from behind the curtain.

Lillian bit her lip, restraining herself with an effort. "A girl that likes girls. We'll talk when you get out." To remove temptation, she turned away from the doorway and headed back down to pick up the cookies and some (non-alcoholic this time) mint drinks, then carried them up to the bedroom, setting them on the bedside table.

Several minutes later, the young girl emerged with a towel around her body, hair wrapped in another. She eyed the drinks and grinned. "Are you trying to get me tipsy again, Ms Lillian? " 

The grin on her face belied her mock stern voice.

Lillian laughed, leaning back on the bed as she smiled back at the girl. "Why, do I need to?" she asked with mock coyness, then patted the bed beside her. "Come. Sit. Talk. We should decide what you want to do from here."

Sharon moved toward the bed, the towel falling away as she walked to reveal her sleek, nude figure. She pulled the towel from her hair, letting it drop, as she slid belly-down onto the bed. "I've decided that I want to be your girlfriend...if you'll have me..."

Lillian smiled in appreciation as the girl's body was revealed again. "That's a big step, a big word." She reached out to slide her hand down the girl's back, resting it on her bottom, just holding it there. "And I would love the same. Still, it's a big change in your life... a lesbian, an older lover, living with me. What will your friends think?"

She lay a hand on Lillian's knee, walking her fingers up to her tummy. "They'll be SOOOO jealous. Especially Megan. She thinks she can get ANYONE. But...I don't want you to think that's the only reason. I really like you, Ms Lillian. When you moved in here, I watched you out of my window, wondering if you were nice. I've always felt a little...something.... just watching you." Sharon reddened, looking away and withdrawing her hand.

Lillian smiled and shifted closer on the bed, her body almost touching Sharon. The hand on the girl's bottom gently fondled the soft curve, caressing as she leaned her face in closer. "I hope you're right. Just as long as you know that I'm here for whatever you need."

Sharon shivered at the caress coupled with the words, "that feeling" beginning to stir deep down. Turning her head, she found herself nose to nose with a Goddess. She turned crimson and thrust her lips against Lillian's, parting them slightly, barely sticking her tongue out to lick Lillian's lips.

Lillian grinned into the kiss, leaning in further herself to delve in with her tongue, exploring the girl's mouth as the grip on her bottom tightened, and then lifted for a swift smack. 

"Now stop distracting me. Message your parents to tell them you're safe."

Sharon giggled, clamping her hand on top of Lillian's, securing it to her butt as she sat up and leaned over to rummage in one of her bags. 

She pulled out her cell phone, pressed a speed dial number and waited. A moment later, she said, "Hello, Mr. Smathers. This is your lesbian-slut-whore calling to let you know that I'm at my lesbian-slut-whore-lover's house. Have a fucked-up day." She punched the OFF button and grinned.

Lillian raised an amused eyebrow. "Well, not quite what I had in mind, but fair enough considering the circumstances. It'll do for now." 

Her fingertips delved into the crease of Sharon's butt, pressing against her rear opening before she pulled her hand free. "Now that's out of the way... why don't you tell me what you like about girls?"

Sharon sighed at the touch, involuntarily moving a leg to open her ass cheeks a little wider. 

"Girls are just so much softer and gentler than boys. They smell better, too."

Lillian laughed. "Yes, I suppose we do." She rolled back onto her back, lifting her hands to cross them behind her head. "I think we're just... so much more sensual."

"And some of my friends say that boys just want to get themselves off then leave. Never mind what the girl wants." She reached a hand to lightly run it over Lillian's chest, marveling at the softness of the other woman's flesh through the flimsy gown.

Lillian made no move to stop the girl, encouraging her exploration with a smile. "Oh, not all boys are like that, and I've met some women like that too. Still, there's a lot like that out there."

Sharon used her index finger to gently tease Lillian's nipples, watching them stiffen at the touch. She flattened her hand, running it tenderly and slowly along Lillian's taut belly toward her muff. She paused at the waistband of Lillian's thong, looking into Lillian's eyes, seeking permission explore further. Lillian lifted her hips, spreading her legs slightly in mute approval, biting her lip as she flushed slightly. Sharon tentatively slid the thong down those luxurious legs, her back to Lillian, bare butt and lips mere inches from Lillian's face. Removing them completely, she moved back up to Lillian's bare mound, inspecting it closely; this was obviously the first time she been this close to a pussy.

Lillian tried to resist the temptation, but was unable. One hand glided over Sharon's bottom, her thumb grazing the girl's lower lips gently. Her own slit was shaven silky smooth, bare for the girl's inspection as she spread her legs further.

Sharon traced a finger gently along the slit, slowly pushing it inside the folds; her fingertip, by sheer luck, coming in direct contact with Lillian's clit, sighing as her own lips were played with.

Lillian's hips jumped at the contact with her clit, a little 'mmh' of pleasure escaping as she bit her lip. She continued the gentle stroking of Sharon's slit, not delving deeper, just caressing and almost teasing the girl.

Sharon drew her hand back as if she had touched a live wire. "Are you okay, Ms Lillian?"

"Oh, yes, that was a good thing, I promise. You touched me here..." her own finger pressed briefly between Sharon's folds, fingertip expertly finding the girl's clit and nudging it before withdrawing.

Sharon jumped, giggling. "Ohhhh! The happy spot!" 

She probed gently inside Lillian's folds, finding her clit again, lightly running her finger over it. "Tell me what I need to do. I want you to feel as good as you made me feel the other day," she pleaded.

Lillian almost unconsciously moved her hips in time to the girls finger, back arching slightly underneath her, her own finger delving more insistently between Sharon's lower lips, teasing and circling her deeper entrance. "Just... do whatever you want. I'll tell you if something feels particularly good or bad... otherwise, just do what you'd want me to do to you."

"Ummmm....okayyyyy," she replied, not sure at all what she wanted, closing her eyes, concentrating on the wonderful fingers playing with her. She knew that her lips were getting wetter by the moment, as they had Saturday. She opened her eyes, trying to concentrate on pleasing her new girlfriend. Lillian teased for a moment longer, then pressed into the girl with two fingers, exploring the tightness and shape of her inside, gently thrusting in and out as her thumb nudged down to find the clit again. Sharon shifted on the bed, moving one leg to the other side of Lillian's head, spreading Lillian's lips, lowering her head to plant a kiss on her clit, gasping as Lillian penetrated her. She was frozen in place, unable to move as the sensations flooded into her; concentration lost. Her exploration forgotten, Sharon lowered her upper body to lie along Lillian's body, her arms stretching, hands reaching along Lillian's legs, pressing to her to bring her full self in contact with this warm Goddess whose fingers were magic.

Lillian sawed her fingers in and out a little longer, replacing the thumb with a flick of her tongue over the girl's clit, then concentrating on nibbling and kissing the soft inside of the girl's thighs as her fingers kept working in and out. Lillian's mouth settled to work on the girl's clit, licking and nibbling in time to the fingers that pumped in and out of her. Sharon could do nothing but move her hips and sigh in response to the sheer joyful pleasure. Her hips moved of their own accord, slowly getting as close as possible to Lillian's expert tongue. 

Lillian swapped her attentions, one hand sliding up between the girls legs, thumb finding her clit to rub and press, her mouth instead caressing the girls wet lips, tongue thrusting in to explore as far inside her as she could reach.

"M...m...Ms Lillian.... that feeling's coming again,' She whimpered. "Please, don't stop, it feels so good!" Her fingers tightened on Lillian's shins, her legs closing to clamp Lillian's head in place, she let out a small sigh, then wailed like a banshee as she came. She drove her hips hard into Lillian's face, moving rapidly as she savored the pleasure of her orgasm at the mouth of this woman.

Lillian definitely wouldn't have stopped. Mouth and fingers worked busily as she caressed the girl through the orgasm, her free hand running along the girl's back to pull her soft body in closer, her whole body moving against her as she shared in her pleasure.

"Ms Lillian!" the girl screamed again, bucking her hips. Lillian's chin and chest received a pleasant warm liquid sensation as the girl squirted, soaking Lillian and the bed. Lillian giggled, a warm sound as she continued to caress the girl, easing out her dripping fingers and gently tonguing the girl as she eased her down from the pleasure peak. The youngster shook, her knees at last giving out, she collapsed on top of Lillian, breathing heavily. Her fingers eased pressure, her whole body relaxing as she moaned lightly and sighed, kissing Lillian's nude slit.

"Ms Lillian.... how can I EVER hope to make you feel good?" She truly wondered, as this was the pinnacle of her sex life. "I don't think I can please you like this..." she panted.

Lillian laughed lightly, still petting the girl as she relaxed, and then tugged gently at her, encouraging her to turn around so they could lie face to face. "Oh, you sweet thing. Trust me, this is only the beginning... there's a lot I can introduce you to."

Sharon rolled off Lillian, quickly turning to snuggle up against her, nestling in her arms. She ran a hand lovingly over Lillian's chest, noticing the wetness. She gasped, a look of horror on her face. "Did I pee on you? Oh, Ms Lillian, I honestly didn't mean to! I'll clean it up right now!" She attempted to sit up and move toward the end of the bed.

Lillian caught her hand and tugged her back down. "Not pee, sweetheart. It's a lovely compliment instead, and I'm glad I made you cum so hard. It just happens sometimes."

Sharon cocked her head. "Not pee? You're sure?"

"I'm sure. Come here and cuddle with me. I love the feeling."

Sinking back into Lillian's embrace, Sharon again ran her hand across Lillian's chest, then brought it to her nose, sniffing. Deciding that if Ms Lillian said it was not pee, then it must be her own juices, she gave a tentative lick of her hand.

Lillian watched with amusement, then settled back onto the bed, relaxing against the warmth of the girl beside her. One hand idly glided along the girl's curves while she thought, and then she turned her head to glance at her again. "Are you hungry?"

"Sure," she answered, innocently, "I could eat. What are we having?"

Lillian grinned, avoiding the pun for the moment. 

"I know a nice place. Go get dressed while I shower quick... and wear a skirt." She grinned enigmatically, and uncuddled, slipping off the bed and vanishing into the bathroom.

Sharon sat up, watching Lillian's firm ass disappear into the bathroom. She again rummaged in her bags, pulling out a pair of boring white cotton panties slipping them on, and rummaging some more to find a knee-length skirt and a modest top. She withdrew a pair of sandals, ran a brush through her hair, and called, "Ready!" as she sat on the edge of the bed, still tingling from the pleasures of a few minutes ago. She pursed her lips, inhaling the slight sex scent which lingered there.

Lillian emerged from the bathroom shortly afterward, slipping into a skimpy lingerie set and then a light dress that clung to her figure. She eyed Sharon for a moment. "Very pretty." 

Running a brush through her own wet hair, she led the way downstairs and into the large, powerful car in her garage. Sharon eyed Lillian hungrily as she followed, watching that ass made her want to jump Lillian before they even got to the garage. Lillian was fully aware of how her bottom moved under the clinging dress and wiggled a little more than normal as a tease, then opened the door for the younger girl. "Hop in," she said teasingly.

"Where are we going?" as she sat and strapped herself in.

"A lovely restaurant I discovered a while ago. Nice and cozy. You'll see." Her hand settled deliberately on the girl's thigh after turning the key, the powerful, smooth car rolling easily out of the garage and onto the road. It was only a couple of turns before they were on a main road, heading toward the distant city lights.

"I have a little money in my wallet. I hope it's not too expensive," she said as she watched the scenery go by. A red sports car going the other way caught her eye and she followed it as it passed, turning her head to watch it. When she tried to look forward again, the sheer beauty of the woman driving captivated her.

Lillian smiled with amusement. "Oh, and what makes you think I'd let you pay?" The road being straight and fairly empty, she allowed her hand to slide further up the girl's leg, nudging the skirt higher as her fingertips stroked the soft inner thigh.

Giggling, Sharon grabbed Lillian's hand, placing it firmly on her cotton covered mound. "I figured I'd at least make the effort." She reciprocated by moving her hand beneath Lillian's skirt to find her thong-covered pussy.

Lillian laughed and moved the girl's hand away. "Well, it's appreciated, and no distracting the driver. Hands to yourself." In blatant contradiction, her own hand pressed firmly into Sharon's mound, caressing her through the cotton.

Giggling again, Sharon placed her hands firmly on her own thighs, "Yes, Ma'am." She tried to maintain a straight face, but promptly broke out laughing. Lillian smirked, apparently still concentrating on the road while her fingers probed towards Sharon's clit through the panties.

"Ms Lilliannnnnnn," she admonished, "you're distracting the driverrrr..."

"Mm hm." Lillian kept her hand moving, fingers nudging deeper, pressing the soft cloth up and against her.

Sharon sucked air harshly as she was stimulated, wriggling in her seat, pressing herself against those marvelous fingers. She leaned her head back against the seat, closing her eyes and preparing for what she knew was coming, was longing for.

The moist heat seeped through Sharon's panties, as she gripped her knees tightly, quivering, on the verge of coming again. "M...M...Ms Lillian...I'mmmm..." She gave in to her feelings, moisture spreading through the crotch of her panties, letting out a moan of intense pleasure. 

As the windows were down, the teenaged boys in the next car stared in wonderment at the sounds emanating from the car; grinning widely and whistling. Lillian was enjoying the naughty nature of their actions as much as she was the sights and sounds and contact with her young lover. Cruising along, aware of cars passing them, she kept her fingers moving rhythmically. 

Lillian just smiled to herself, apparently ignoring the boys, fingers continuing to caress until the orgasm seemed to have eased down, then moving to just stroke the inside of the girl's thigh. Sharon's head lolled toward the boys, a dreamy look on her face, she raised a hand and waved, yelling, "You should be so lucky!"
