 Chapter 03: Test Day

Six o'clock the next morning there was a clatter downstairs. Someone else was inside the house, moving things around rather noisily.

Sharon's eyes snapped open. She tried to focus them as she sat up and looked around, totally disoriented. Then she remembered where she was, looking around frantically for Lillian, spying her, still asleep next to her. Seizing the first thing she saw, a tennis shoe, she yanked the top sheet from the bed, wrapping it around her nude figure and made her way cautiously toward the stairs.

Lillian just 'mmmd' in the bed, rolling over. Downstairs was a curvy woman in a stereotypical French maid uniform, complete with flared skirt, ruffles, thigh-high stockings, impractically high heels and deep cleavage. Unexpectedly, she seemed to actually be cleaning.

Sharon dashed back to the bedroom. "Ms Lillian! Wake up! There's a woman downstairs!" She shook Lillian awake, wide-eyed with terror, brandishing the shoe like a club. ""Where'd I put my cellphone?!?!?" Frantically, she looked around the room, spying the phone on the floor in the corner where she had thrown it after calling her father. She dashed to it, scooping it up and flipping it open.

Lillian blinked at her sleepily, then sat up. "Mmm? Oh yes. That's Cindy. Don't worry. What time is it?" She reached vaguely for the watch on her bedside table, groping around for it.

Sharon stopped midway to turning the phone on, looking at Lillian quizzically. "Cindy? Is she another girlfriend?" She purposely dropped the phone; if Ms Lillian wasn't concerned about the intruder, neither was she. She unwrapped the sheet, threw it back over the bed, and climbed in next to Lillian again, snuggling against her, seeking protection; from what, she didn't know.

Lillian smiled, tugging the girl close, nude body against nude body. "Not quite, sweetheart, no. She's sort of a combination of rescue case, sex toy and source of inspiration." The older woman grinned and got out of bed after a final squeeze. "Since we're awake, you better get ready for school. I'll arrange breakfast."

"OH, NO!" Sharon bolted upright in bed, the sheet falling from her, exposing her pert breasts, the nipples standing out proudly. "There was supposed to be a test yesterday! They'll probably make me stay late to make it up..." She climbed out of bed again, moving to the bathroom for her morning evolutions.

Lillian took a moment to enjoy the view of the sleek youth, then vanished downstairs. "Cindy! Sharon is staying with me for the foreseeable future. Please iron her school clothes." The response was inaudible in the bathroom. Lillian busied herself in the kitchen, the smells of bacon and similar breakfast foods soon filling the house. The maid appeared in the bedroom, rummaging around as she pulled out clothes and sorted them neatly.

In the bathroom, Sharon showered quickly, somewhat saddened that she was removing Lillian's scents from her, washing her hair thoroughly and wincing slightly whenever the stream hit her slit; her clit being hypersensitive from yesterday and last night's events. She shut off the water and drew back the curtain, realizing somewhat abashedly that she had forgotten to put a towel close; she was so used to laying one on the toilet seat, but she had been thinking of other things. She stepped over the tub's edge and made her way over to the closet, opening the door while the water puddled around her feet.

"Oh, Miss!" The girl in the uniform, unseen in the corner of the room, scurried over with several towels in hand. "You are dripping everywhere!"

"I'm sorry, Miss Cindy, but I forgot a towel. Don't worry, I'll clean it up. You have enough to do." Sharon dried herself, and then bent over, unconsciously giving Cindy a pleasing view of her cute ass and pink slit, wiping up the water tracks from the tub. She reached to hang the towel over the curtain rod.

The maid wasn't much older than Sharon, and had a pretty, rounded face that made her look even younger. She continued to scurry around, dabbing up water, her face blushing faintly as she averted her eyes from Sharon's figure. "No, please, let me. It is my duty." Her uniform rustled pleasingly as she bent over to clean.

Sharon couldn't help but casually move behind Cindy, bending to ostensibly wipe a droplet from her ankle, but turning her head to look at the maid's ass. She was totally devoted to Ms Lillian, but wanted to, "check out the competition," as it were.

She got a flash of slit in return. The maid wasn't wearing underwear and the ruffles under the dress did a good job of keeping her exposed to view when she was bent over. She was shaven smooth, and her rounded bottom was firm and enticing. She didn't seem aware of the look, but the blush on her face had deepened slightly when she straightened. She tucked the wet towels away in a suitable container and then stood with her hands clasped in front of her, eyes downcast. "If you would show me which you would like to wear today, Miss, I will iron them immediately."

Sharon giggled at being called, "Miss," by someone so close to her own age, perhaps even a bit older. "Ummm....maybe you could pick something out for me? I don't know what I grabbed in my haste to get out of my house. I just stuffed some things in those two bags and left. I don't even know if anything matches. Would you mind?"

"I'm not the best at fashion, Miss, but, um..." She moved over to look at the clothes she'd already laid out and sorted, picking through them hesitantly. "Mistress, um... likes skirts, and, um... this top matches..." She picked out a short skirt and simple top, setting them to one side and glancing up, anxious for approval.

Sharon brightened considerably. She DID have some things that matched. "Those'll do fine! Need any help with the ironing?" She asked, looking around for a clean pair of panties and bra. Then, remembering what Lillian had said in the car last night, she gave up and looked back to Cindy.

"No Miss, I'm fine. Thank you." She dipped into a rather sweet little curtsy. "Mistress will have breakfast ready by now, I'm sure." She gathered up the clothes and dipped again, then practically ran from the room, no doubt heading for the ironing equipment. There was underwear amongst the things left, if Sharon so chose.

Sharon brushed her damp hair carefully for she wanted it to look halfway decent for her lover. Laying down the brush, she headed for the stairs, calling down, "Ms Lillian? I have a present for you!" She giggled again and started her descent.

The older woman was wearing nothing but an apron, laying dishes onto the table... mounds of bacon, eggs, breads, tomatoes and such already waiting. "Ah, there you are, sweetheart. Mmm, you look good enough to eat." She grinned, raising an eyebrow. "What present would that be?"

Sharon practically flew to hug Lillian, then model-turned, spreading her arms, presenting her nude form. "I started to put on panties and bra, but I remembered that you wanted me to dress as skimpily as possible. I figured that since we were inside..."

Lillian hugged her close, laughing merrily as she looked the girl up and down. "Thank you, sweetheart, it's my favorite kind of present." She reached down a free hand and squeezed the girl's bottom, then waved the hand at the table. "Sit. Eat. I hope Cindy is making herself useful." She turned to transfer the last of the food to the table and then took off the apron, seating her own nude form and picking up a slice of toast.

Sharon sat, her butt cheeks scrubbing across the seat. She wasn't used to sitting on a hardwood chair while nude. She helped herself to the food, scooping a bit of each item onto her plate. "She's very nice. Cute, too." She chewed thoughtfully, swallowed, and spoke again. "Earlier, you said that she was a rescue and sex toy? What did you mean?"

"She's an interesting personality type. A pure slave. She has a deep, burning need to be controlled and used. You get it in a lot of people, of course, but not as much as I've seen in her. Unfortunately she'd been born into a rather unpleasant family. Her father was prostituting her, and then sold her to another man to do the same. I found her while I was doing research for a book, bought her ostensibly for myself, and set her up here. She likes housework, and I enjoy giving her the treatment she desires, so... " She grinned and took a bite of the food.

Sharon's eyes grew wider as Lillian told the tale. "You BOUGHT her?!?! Like a puppy at the pet store? How can anyone sell a human being? I thought that was against the law." She dropped her toast on her plate, scooting back, appetite gone.

Lillian raised an eyebrow. "There's different levels of 'bought,' sweetheart. Some people do it for fun, those who want to be slaves and those who want to be masters and mistresses. I'll show you, when we go to my club. Unfortunately there's also a thriving slave trade of the unwilling kind, to whom Cindy belonged. I gave him a fair amount of money for her. Unfortunately for him, I was also wearing a rather clever device that was communicating with a police vehicle outside, so... that particular section of the trade is no more." She grinned again, almost predatory this time. "One of the more interesting sides of the club is how it attracts that sort of trade. We take quite some delight in acting as a honeypot for them." She took another bite.

The youngster shifted uncomfortably in her seat, a myriad questions wanting to flood out. "My government teacher said that slavery and human trafficking is a big threat today. But, I've seen pictures of willing slaves, so I kinda know that part. It's good that you cooperated with the police, too. I knew you were a nice lady, but....WOW! Undercover work? Like on the cop shows? You're a heroine! I knew I fell in love with you for some rea..." She stopped mid sentence, realizing what she had said, blushing furiously, looking down at her lap as she expected a tirade with the final part being, "GET OUT!"

Lillian just gazed at the younger girl, a faint smile on her face. After a moment she got up, moved over to kneel beside Sharon's chair, and then reached up to pull the girl into a deep, passionate kiss. Finally breaking the kiss, she moved back enough to gaze into the girl's eyes, waiting for a long moment. "Slowly, sweetheart," she said softly. "One step at a time." Another quick kiss, and then she stood and took a deep breath. "Enough distraction. Finish eating... I'm going to shower quickly, and then take you to school." Her hips swayed as the naked woman strode out of the room and headed upstairs.

Sharon let herself be kissed, halfheartedly returning it, then, after realizing that she was not going to be berated, more passionately, moaning slightly at the taste of the older woman; wanting to forever continue kissing those perfect lips. Her head jerked a little as Lillian pulled away. She watched the provocative sway, gulping the remainder of her food, washing it down with a glass of a juice and went upstairs, too.

Lillian reappeared out of the shower, dripping wet, as Sharon reached the top. As she dried herself, Cindy appeared, dipping into a curtsy and handing Sharon the clothes, freshly ironed. Lillian pulled on a light dress, ignoring underwear, and then headed for the door. "Ready when you are, sweetheart," she smiled and headed for the car.

Sharon hurriedly dressed in a skirt and thin-strapped top, leaving off her panties. Maybe she could flash the cute math teacher in sixth hour. She thanked Cindy, told her to have a nice day and headed to join Lillian.

The car ride was smooth to the nearby high school, the usual gaggle of students slowly filing in, preparing for the day. They were early, so the groups were fairly thin. Lillian grinned to herself as she pulled up in the large, expensive car, and then smiled gently at Sharon. "Here we are."

Sharon looked around, spotting a group of football jocks, most of whom had never given her a second look. She looked over at Lillian, a mischievous twinkle in her eye, then pressed the horn several times. She grabbed Lillian, kissing her deeply, knowing that jaws were dropping outside the car. She sucked Lillian's lower lip as she pulled back slowly. "That'll give the snobs something to talk about," she giggled, reaching for the door.

Lillian happily kissed back, although the horn made her jump at first. She laughed at Sharon's intentions, shaking her head in amusement, and gave the girl's bottom a gentle slap as she got out of the car. "Don't torture your schoolmates... or if you do, at least make it interesting and share the story later." She winked and waited for the door to close before driving off.

The jocks stared at the stunning beauty behind the wheel, turning to look back and forth between Sharon and Lillian. Sharon just stuck her nose in the air and sauntered past, not giving them a second glance. She met up with Regan and blabbered excitedly about her new friend, leaving out the saucy bits, but leaving no doubt in Regan's mind that Lillian was a great kisser. 

The rest of the day passed, seemingly in slow motion, her last class of the day being the one that she missed the test on. Her pencil flew through the answers, answering the whole thing in less than 20 minutes. She waited impatiently for the test results, eager to see Lillian again. As the male teacher graded it, she shifted a bit to let her skirt ride up, barely letting him see that she was not wearing underwear. She got an, "A." 

She walked out of the classroom while giggling to herself and was met by Regan who asked if she could meet the new girlfriend. Sharon picked up the payphone (her cell was still lying on the floor in the corner at home) and called Ms Lillian's cellphone.

Lillian answered the phone, a little cautious at the unrecognized number. "Hello? Lillian speaking..."

"Hi, Ms Lillian! Regan wants to meet you. Is it okay if she comes home with me? And, are you going to pick me up or do I need to walk?"

"Of course I'll come to pick you up, sweetheart. Who's Regan? I'm on my way now." She headed down to the garage, getting into the car as they spoke.

Sharon giggled. Not the fun giggle that Lillian always heard, but the giggle reserved for teenaged girls who were with other teenaged girls. "Remember how I told you that Megan always bragged that she could get ANYONE? Regan's her twin sister, but SOOO much nicer and not stuck up at all." More giggling, Lillian could hear something that sounded like, "dumb bitch," from another voice, then more giggling.

Lillian gave an amused sigh. "Okay, be there in five." She hung up, pulled the car out, and drove to the school, the car's powerful engine thrumming contentedly as she pulled up at the entrance. The pair wasn't hard to spot, as they were the only two visible in the empty parking lot. Lillian cruised up to them slowly, swinging the car into a parking spot and unlocking the doors. Sharon opened the passenger door, the rear door opening to admit Regan. 

Regan was put together well. A mass of long, curly blonde hair almost touched the seat as she bent to get in headfirst. When she raised up, Lillian could make out the long, aquiline nose, V-shaped face, slender neck and rather large breasts clad in a t-shirt with a local grunge-band logo on it. Loose-fitting blue jeans covered what could only be long legs, ending in a pair of pink high-topped tennis shoes.

Sharon gave Lillian a peck on the cheek, turning in her seat to make introductions. "Ms Lillian, this is Regan. Regan....," she giggled, "My lover, Ms Lillian."

"Hello Regan. Very nice to meet you," Lillian said neutrally, smiling at the girl before turning to flash Sharon a wider grin. "Hello sweetheart." The moment the doors closed she pulled out again, turning the car to head back to the house.

"Hey, Miz Lillian," Regan spoke, in greeting, her voice a natural low sultriness. "How come Sharon calls you, 'Miz,' if you two are a thing?" Regan's eyes turned to stare at Lillian through the rear-view. Those eyes were the color of a cloudless summer day and seemed to stir something more primal in Lillian than Sharon had.

Lillian felt herself fortunate that she'd been faced with some very erotically intense situations in the past; it helped her keep her cool when talking to the stunning teen. She glanced at the mirror, and then sideways at Sharon, half-shrugging in response. "That's a good question, Regan... perhaps we should ask Sharon." She smiled at the girl and turned her attention back to the road.

The Giggler did her thing, giggling mirthfully, "That's for me to know and you to find out." She crinkled her nose playfully, turning to expose herself to Lillian, hiking her skirt up, knowing that Regan who was seated directly behind couldn't see.

Lillian actually colored slightly, a slight redness across her cheeks at the delicious view. "How about you, Regan? Do you have a 'thing' in your life at the moment?" she called over her shoulder.

Regan turned to look out the window, hair whipping around her head like a blonde tornado. She didn't even try to subdue it. "Nope. Had a few off and on, mostly chicks. Nothing major, though. Why? Got someone in mind?" She turned her gaze back to the mirror, unaware of any effect on Lillian.

Sharon piped up, "Ms Lillian, how about...?" She motioned with her head toward the house.

Lillian glanced at Sharon again, raising a quizzical eyebrow. "Playing Cupid, sweetheart?" she said softly. "You're very sweet. Well, lets see what happens." She pulled into the garage and then climbed out, striding through the connecting door into the house. "Cindy! Visitors! Drinks, please, quickly now." She led the way into the comfortable lounge area, flopping down onto the sofa with a sigh of satisfaction.

Sharon sat unbidden next to Lillian, curling her legs beneath her as Regan looked around, collapsing in a chair by herself. She sat in very unladylike position, slumping down in the chair, legs straight but spread, arms loosely resting on the chair arms. "Nice place. Musta cost a good deal."

"I like to live comfortably." Cindy appeared, eyes downcast submissively, her little wiggle flicking the maid uniform provocatively. She knelt to settle the tray of drinks on the low table in the middle of the room, the action flashing the group with a view of the ruffles and a brief glimpse of the lower curves of her bare bottom.

"And a maid, too? Damn, I need to hang out with you more." Regan eyed the firm butt as Cindy bent to place the tray on the table. "Sorry, I just gotta..." She reached out a hand to lightly rub Cindy's butt. "Wow...nice... Hey, maid, you attached?"

Sharon picked up her drink, resting her head comfortably on Lillian's shoulder, sipping and enjoying the fact that she was once again with her lover.

Cindy squeaked and jumped, obviously not used to such a forward move even from Lillian's guests. She kept her eyes lowered as she answered, frozen in position, her back arched automatically to allow Regan to do as she would. "No, Miss. Not attached."

"Wow," Regan said again. "Cute thing like you? Unattached?" She had apparently forgotten that there were others in the room, fondling Cindy's rear end with both hands now, running a thumb along her slit. She was no dummy; she knew a posture of submission when she saw one. "Not attached...." she mused, "Wanna be?"

Cindy shuddered, her back arching more, legs spreading instinctively. "I don't... I mean... I... er... am not good for that kind of thing," she stammered. 

Lillian leaned forward to interject. "What Cindy means is that her specific desires don't normally make her good girlfriend material."

"Yeah?" Regan sank to her knees behind the older girl. "Maid, when was the last time you had a good tonguing?" She cast those amazing eyes on Lillian. "That is, if YOU don't mind, Miz Lillian," said as more a statement than a question.
