 Chapter 4: Adventure Time

It was Friday night. The household had settled into a comfortable rhythm: school; a gentle homecoming; warm, erotic company; Regan spending almost all of her time with Cindy. Every now and then, soft sighs or muffled screams would issue from Cindy's room. 

Lillian had decided it was time to shake up her young friend a little more, and try to widen Sharon's horizons a little further. She was dressing for her favorite club in a high, long-sleeved, polo neck top, a matching tight, hip and leg-hugging pencil skirt, and intimidating high heels. Her hair was tied back into a severe ponytail, and her makeup was harshly defined. She looked very stern.

The only real clubs Sharon knew about were the one's at school; the tennis club, the chess club, physics club, etc. She had seen the TV versions, of course, but had always tossed them off as being unreachable to her. When Lillian told her they were going to an, "exclusive club," her mind immediately conjured visions of, "CSI: Miami," "Burn Notice," and several other "slick" television shows which took place in the Miami, Florida area. 

During the week, Cindy had washed, ironed and either folded or hung in the closet as deemed appropriate. Sharon went through the meager collection, choosing a few totally mismatched pieces; she wanted to make her own statement. 

A short lime-green halter top over a blue tie-dyed t-shirt, the fashionably ripped blue jeans she'd worn when she showed up on Lillian's doorstep, blazing yellow socks, and purple high-topped sneakers (the same style worn by Regan the other day). She fastened her hair into pigtails on either side of her head, applying a modicum of makeup.

Lillian strode out, pausing when she saw Sharon. "Oh sweetheart. You look positively good enough to eat." She grinned and headed down the stairs, managing to walk smoothly despite the skirt and heels. "Come on then. Lets go. We don't want to catch the rush."

The Gigglebox did her thing, giggling as she smiled cutely. "Ms Lillian? Are you sure they'll even let me in? I saw on TV once where the guy at the door would point to one person and motion him in and then the girl behind would be sent away. That's kinda mean to do to somebody."

"It's... not quite that kind of club, sweetheart. Besides, I'm a member. They'll let me in and anyone with me. Come on now, lets get going."

Sharon skipped down the stairs, pinching Lillian's butt as she did so, giggling madly as she followed her girlfriend to the car, virtually leaping inside. ADVENTURE TIME!

Lillian laughed as she was pinched, shaking her head, moving around to climb into the car. Seconds later they were reversed out and cruising down the back roads of the suburb, leaving Regan and Cindy behind in their own little "Lust Nest." 

"It's an interesting club. When the gentlemen's clubs closed down in the area, they grew too elitist, some of them survived by catering to a new clientele. This is one of them, that... well, you'll see." She grinned and turned another corner, heading for a large mansion-like house with a very high wall at the end.

The young girl could NOT keep her eyes of Lillian, despite having seen her every day for the past week. She simply stared at Lillian's profile, reaching out to lay a hand on her thigh. The latest music from Shakira came on the radio, and she reached to turn it up, quirking a brow at Lillian to see if she minded.

Lillian seemed quite happy with the music, slowing the car as she came up to the gate. There was a brief pause and then the large gates swung ponderously open. She turned in, the gates closing behind them, a long row of cars lining each side of the driveway. She found an empty space and parked, then turned to lean and brush Sharon's lips with her own.

Sharon returned with a gentle kiss of her own, gently squeezing Lillian's thigh. She needed almost constant reassurance that the gorgeous woman was real and not a dream. Breaking the kiss, she looked out the window at the grounds and the other cars; faint outlines of people in some, but most cars were empty. She took a deep breath, seemed to settle herself and opened the door to get out.

Lillian climbed out, and then led the way up the driveway to the front door of the house. The door opened as she approached, a tall figure in a very formal suit outlined in the light that spilled into the dark garden. It seemed odd that none of the windows emitted light. "Good evening, Wilson. Is the house master in tonight?" Lillian asked as she stepped up to the doorway.

"I am afraid not, Madam," the man answered. "He's in Germany this week, I believe." Lillian sighed and reached back to take Sharon's hand and led her inside.

Sharon gawped at the man. This guy was huge! Some of those wrestlers on TV weren't this big! Sharon visibly shrank and clutched Lillian's hand almost in a death grip, her feet refusing to move. "M-m-m-ms Lillian..." she stammered. "I'm scared. Can't we go to the mall or something?" The girl was terrified, not scared (not to put too fine a point on it).

Lillian paused, looking back at Sharon in some surprise. Then her face softened and she stepped up to the girl, lifting her face for a featherlight kiss. "It's okay, love," she murmured. "He's the butler. You're as safe in this house as you are in mine, I promise. Come on... I really do think you'll like this."

Ms Lillian said it, Sharon believed it. End of discussion. Still gripping Lillian's tightly, she mustered a hesitant smile for the butler and sidled past him. As she had done at the restaurant, the girl practically glued herself to Lillian's arm, staring wide-eyed around the room, absorbing as much as she could.

In typical grandiose style, the entryway was a large hall, with a sweeping staircase up to the second floor, which overlooked the large space. Small groups, dressed in formal clothes, stood talking... it looked like a typical scene from any fancy formal gathering. Until, that is, one started noting the incongruities. 

The woman with a tray of drinks was wearing a tiny dress, it barely covered her ass and revealed a great deal of cleavage. One of the other women, dressed otherwise formally, appeared to be wearing a dog collar, the man next to her firmly holding the lead. And so on.

Sharon's head was in full-swivel mode as she started actively looking for discrepancies. She giggled and pointed to a tuxedoed woman who rested her foot on the back of a man lying prostrate, he too, wore a tuxedo. The woman was speaking to another well-dressed man who's companion sat on the floor with folded knees, eyes lowered.

Lillian nodded, glancing around to see who she recognized, nodding a vague hello to some of the patrons. "Now, we have a choice: there are the playing rooms, the trade viewing rooms, or the gardens to visit."

"Ms Lillian, do *I* have to do....?" Spotting a pair of women with their arms around each others waists chatting amiably with a male couple stopped the words in her throat. It was quite obvious that she was not out of place, though she did feel under dressed. "Never mind, Ms Lillian. What're the trade viewing rooms? That sounds pretty neat."

Lillian laughed, catching the intention of the question. "Don't worry, love. You don't have to do anything you don't want to. The viewing rooms, well, that's like the personals of the club. Slaves who are looking for an owner, or to be sold or traded, or just to show themselves off, submit a video that joins the loop. This way." 

She led the way to a door on the side, opening it to reveal another large room. Rows of recliners faced a huge screen. 

On the screen was a large view of a skinny young woman, bent over a kitchen table. An unseen figure was busily taking her from behind. Some of the figures on the recliners appeared to be using laptops, on another recliner, nearby, a stark naked woman was busily sucking a man's very erect cock. The moans of the woman in the video filled the room.

Sharon became beet red at seeing the room, but forced herself to look, to study the actions of everyone in the room. Her gaze lingered on the cock-sucking woman, entranced by the head motions, the jiggling breasts as the woman blew the man. Her eyes traveled up the man's body, seeing his eyes closed in ecstasy. 

The image on the big screen had a 5-digit number in the corner, which Lillian pointed out. "People can use that number to link to a page with the slave's details on it. Every submissive who joins the club has to submit a video, if they want to meet anyone." The video came to an end as whoever was using the woman obviously came inside her, then changed to a video with a different number, showing an oiled, muscular young man kissing the inside of a woman's thigh, her upper body hidden from view. 

The woman on the nearby recliner coughed and giggled as the man filled her mouth with cum. Other couches had more pairs on them, writhing in the darkness, outlined by the screen. Sharon, feeling much braver now that she got the idea of this sex club, decided that anything went here. 

Feeling emboldened by Lillian's presence she reached under her shirt, undid her bra, and pulled it out, stuffing it in her back pocket. Her arms disappeared inside her large shirt, she reached out of the neck hole to grasp the rear of it and pull it over her head, leaving the halter top in place. Her nipples poked the fabric as she rolled up the shirt and stuffed in her other back pocket. "Is this okay, Ms Lillian?"

Lillian watched with amusement, leaning against the door frame. "Oh, very okay, sweetheart. There's no dress code here, and without a video people won't harass you... well, unless you invite them to, of course. Anyway, this is the trade room... do you want to stay here, or go to one of the other rooms?"

The youth grinned, taking Lillian's hand again, no longer squeezing the circulation out of it, and moved next to her Goddess, still a bit skittish at this new world. "Oh, we HAVE to see the other rooms! Can we, please?"

"Sure. Well, there are private viewing rooms on the other side, for people who don't like the main room here." She pointed out several doors on the other side of the cinema room, then led the way back into the hall and pointed at the staircase. "Upstairs are a lot of different bedrooms. The different rooms have different things in them; takes practice to learn what's where. If the door is open, it's an invitation to go in and watch. If it's closed, don't go in." 

She grinned, and then led the way to the back of the hall, where a dark, narrow staircase led downwards. "Down here, appropriately enough, are the play rooms. Come on." She led the way down.

Sharon was beginning to like this place. Ms Lillian's words soothed her every time she spoke. She was becoming more and more comfortable, not clinging quite so close now. As they descended the stairs, she put her hand on Lillian's shoulder and tugged slightly, indicating for Lillian to stop a moment. As Lillian stopped one step lower, Sharon kissed the back of her neck and said, "Thank you. This is pretty neat."

Lillian turned to smile over her shoulder at Sharon. "I'm glad you like it. It's a really fun place, with nice people... I always found it amazing how great people could be, when their inhibitions are down." She gazed at the girl for a long moment, and then led the rest of the way down. 

The room below was a riot of flesh tones and dark, plush paneling and carpeting. It was again a large central room with doors leading off it. The edges, between the doors, had piles of pillows. The middle of the room had a range of strange structures; stocks, tables with cuffs, a sex swing, spanking stools, suspension racks, and so on. 

Most of them were being used, men and women attached in some way with others busy spanking or whipping or fondling or fucking them. Piles of pillows in another area were covered with copulating groups. Moans and other sexual sounds filled the air, together with the cracks of hands or whips on flesh. 

Sharon peered around the dimly-lit room, watching the various forms in the throes of passion. Surrounded by so much sex, she began to moisten, forgetting her fears completely, relaxing her grip and leaning against the soft Goddess at her side. "Ms Lilliannnnnn...." she teased. "I'm getting a bit...ummm..." She grinned. "Show me the rest of this place?"

Lillian glanced down at her, amused as always. "Well, the rooms here are mostly smaller versions of this one, aimed at single groups who want a small bit of privacy... or, at least, to not be distracted. Otherwise, there's the gardens outside. Want to see those?"

"Are there 'secluded spots' in the gardens?" Sharon asked with a twinkle, reveling in the softness of her lover. The sounds and smells were really getting to her. "And you said that anything goes here, right?"

"Secluded of a sort. Voyeurism is a big part of this place, so nowhere is really secluded." Lillian grinned, one hand slipping around the girl to rest on her hip, and then slide down and cup her bottom. "And yes, pretty much anything goes, as long as it's not actively illegal."

Giggling quietly, Sharon nudged Lillian toward the stairs. "You mean that I can do THIS..." she grabbed Lillian's skirt, firmly pulling it to the woman's ankles, revealing her splendid pussy and gorgeous ass, "and it's acceptable?" She grinned lasciviously.

Lillian gasped, blushing faintly, then laughed. Her pale skin practically gleamed in the low light, and a few glanced in their direction. Lillian stepped out of the skirt, still grinning, leaving it where it lay. "It seems so," she grinned.

Feeling brave beyond words at Lillian's reaction, the girl unfastened her own belt, her oversized jeans dropping to the floor in a puddle at her feet. Before she lost her nerve, she pulled off her top and dropped it, stepping from her jeans, clad only in her purple sneakers and blazing yellow socks. She stepped up to Lillian and kissed her deeply, her whole body reddening at the thought of what she had just done.

Now dressed in nothing but heels and the polo neck top, Lillian, just pulled the girl firmly against her curves, kissing her hungrily as both hands slid down to cup her ass. She lingered in the kiss, fondling the girl's bottom lasciviously, then broke it to grin at her. "So where do you want to go?" she asked softly. "I don't think these stairs will be very comfortable."

"I thought you were going to show me the gardens..." she breathed as she clasped her hand over the one fondling her butt, gently moving the knife edge of Lillian's hand into her crack, snugging it against her rear entrance. Breathing a bit heavily, she went on, "I want you to put a finger in there when we get to someplace a little out of the way." She gazed deeply upwards into Lillian's eyes. "Please? I want to know what it feels like." Her face turned crimson. "...from the one I love."

She'd said it again, not so scared this time that her lover would rebuff her.

Lillian pressed against the soft opening with her little finger, smiling, and then turned the girl to lead up the stairs. She paused just long enough to pull her top off, large breasts springing free, and then led the two of them, naked except for their shoes, back up through the hall and out through a short corridor into the expansive gardens at the back. 

The carefully sculpted and landscaped gardens were massive, a huge expanse of shaped hedges, little gazebos, flower beds and soft, thick grass. From the air it must have looked like a select park. More groups of people dotted the visible landscapes, normally in some erotic tableau, and the mostly dark gardens were dotted with little oases of soft light. The air was redolent with warm, herbal scents.

Sharon felt much more comfortable away from the enclosed crush of bodies, the reddening of her body lessening as she held Lillian's hand, walking quietly beside her Goddess. Head turning this way and that, seeing the couples fucking, sucking, taking or being taken, combined with sheer sweet scents of the gardens, got her juices flowing. A lone trickle traced down one leg.

As they strolled the main path, Sharon spied a fairly large group off to one side. She paused, letting the cool night air caress her body, her nipples stiff as she leaned into Lillian, watching the group. 

A woman lay on her back on the grass, legs spread, while another woman in a semi-worship posture ate her, she herself being fucked in both holes by strapping young men. The woman on her back had a huge dick in her mouth, the man sitting on her chest. Her breasts were being fondled and sucked by a man and woman who occasionally licked the sitting man's ass cheeks.

The woman being fucked had a pussy in one hand and a cock in the other, these belonging to the breast duo.

Lillian was quite entranced by the scene, her own center responding the same way Sharon's had, a definite moistness between her thighs. She hugged the younger girl close, fingers probing between her bottom cheeks again, seeking and pressing her rear entrance.

Sharon molded herself to Lillian, rubbing her ass against the fingers, starting to move her hips as she watched the group lustfully fucking and rubbing and kissing each other. "Ms Lillian, is that an orgy?" She sighed at the touch of those terrific fingers, one hand slipping behind her to fondle Lillian's mound, inserting her middle finger to stroke the firm clit inside.

Lillian nodded, her own gaze fixed on the scene. "Oh, it certainly is. Quite a good one, from the looks of things." Her hips jumped as she felt the finger touch her sensitive center, and her own fingers pressed harder in response, nudging and rubbing Sharon's ass.

The pussy-eating woman raised her head and cried out as she came, the man on the tit turning his head, a huge smile on his face. "Like that one, huh, dear?" Sharon froze, all movement in her suddenly stopping. Lillian looked down to see the girl white as a sheet.

Lillian immediately moved her hands, just tucking the girl in against her hip, hugging her close. "You okay, sweetheart? What's wrong?"

Sharon's jaw dropped to her knees. "I...the...he...they...we...ohhhhhhhhh.....shiiiiiiitttttttt," her voice was very low as she stammered and tried to get her throat working, finally just gasping in pure shock.

Lillian blinked, obviously not understanding, but guessing that it had something to do with the group. She led the girl a little way away, finding a cool bench to perch their bare bottoms on, away from one of the pools of light. "Tell me, sweetness. What's wrong?"

Sharon was truly speechless. She stared at the ground for a minute. Then, her shoulders squared, jaw set, she looked at Lillian wordlessly, narrowing her eyes, stood and strode her nearly nude sneaker-clad form toward the group. She stopped, crooked a finger at Lillian and again started for the orgiastic assemblage.

Lillian raised an eyebrow, but followed accordingly, her own rounded hips swinging erotically as she trailed the girl back to the group.

Sharon marched up to the group, seized Lillian's hand, entwining her fingers with the beautiful woman's, and spoke, her voice surprisingly conversational, "Hello, Woman-Who-Bore-Me. Hello, Hypocritical-Man-Who-Fucked-The-Woman-Who-Bore-Me. This is your Whore-Slut-Lesbian-Daughter and her Whore-Slut-Lesbian-Lover."

The orgy ceased, people slowing and stopping their various actions to stare in amazement at the nude girl and the dark-haired beauty by her side. The pussy-eating woman was so startled at seeing her daughter that she fell over, her two penetrators collapsing atop one another. 

Her father, sucking a strange breast and licking another man's butt cheeks, lifted his head and turned it look at Sharon, his face ashen. Mother and Father started asking questions simultaneously, their words overlapping. "Sharon?" "What are you doing here?" "How did you get in?" "Is that the next-door neighbor?" "Where are your clothes?" "Where've you been?" 
