 Chapter 5: Let's Dance

Sharon sat glumly on the edge of the bed, totally nude, elbows on knees, chin in her hands as she watched Lillian pack. It was still dark outside.

"This sucks," she declared for the umpteenth time. 

Lillian heaved a lovingly exasperated sigh as she continued to arrange her clothing in the matched designer label suitcases. "Beloved, it's only for two weeks. You won't die. Cindy is here all the time, so, for that matter, is Regan. I've given Regan permission to come and go as she wishes, although I suspect she'll come more than she goes." She chuckled at the double-entendre, continuing, "You have my cell number and can call as often as you wish while I'm away."

Lillian snapped the cases closed and called, "Cindy! My bags by the front door, please!" She turned to Sharon, pulling her into a tender embrace, fondling Sharon's bare bottom, her finger lightly stroking the girl's delicious rear entrance. "Beloved, I have to go present my latest book and see which publisher most wants the rights to it. My literary agent informed me that no less than five of them are paying top dollar and they all keep bumping up the price. Unless I intercede directly, it might be years before an agreement is reached."

Sharon stared into Lillian's chest, refusing to meet her gaze. "But, Ms Lillian, you'll miss the homecoming dance. Everyone else'll have dates. I'll be the only one without one. I'll be a...what's that word?" She screwed up her face, trying to think of the word. "I'll be a pariah."

Lillian smiled at her young lover, hugging her tightly. "You won't be a social outcast. Besides, I didn't think you cared for your classmates all that much anyway."

Cindy quietly moved into the room to take a bag in each hand and trundled out to take them downstairs.

The lovers ignored her as they continued their conversation. "I don't," said Sharon, clinging to Lillian. "But, you're so beautiful and I was hoping to blow Megan's mind when you came with me. She still doesn't know what you look like. And some of those football players have started talking to me since that day in the parking lot, but, still..."

Lillian tipped the girl's chin up and brushed her lips in a gentle kiss. "You see? You have friends after all." She smiled her beautiful smile again, squeezed Sharon's rump and kissed her passionately, their tongues meeting and wrestling with each other. She checked her watch and gave the girl a delicate pat on the butt, sliding away. "Come on. The cab will be here in just a few minutes to take me to the airport. I never thought I'd be saying this, but get dressed so you can walk me out."

Sharon, mind numb, picked up a pair of blue jeans and tugged them on. She grabbed a, "CSI: Miami" t-shirt and threw the oversized fabric over her diminutive frame, then, barefoot, trod sullenly down the stairs.

"Cindy," said Lillian, "Sharon is the Mistress of the House while I am gone. Her word is my word. You have a list of numbers to contact me and I've left a packet of further instructions for you on the kitchen counter. You are to wait five minutes after I depart before you open it, then, the instructions are to be followed to the letter. They supersede anything Sharon may tell you should there be conflict."

Cindy, eyes downcast with hands folded as she stood patiently by the door, responded, "Yes, Mistress. I understand."

Turning to Sharon, Cindy asked, "Does my Mistress desire breakfast?"

Sharon blushed, glanced at Lillian then back to Cindy. "Yes, Miss Cindy, that will be fine. Have it ready in about thirty minutes?"

Cindy curtsied her acknowledgment, turned to Lillian and said, "Mistress, pleasant trip to you." She curtsied again and bustled off to prepare breakfast, skirt rustling over her nude bottom, the inviting curves of the bottoms of her cheeks wiggling.

Lillian pulled Sharon close, smoothing the girl's hair with one hand while looking steadily into her eyes. "As for you, young lady, I have made arrangements to keep you occupied while I'm gone. There is one stipulation, however. If you have homework, you need to do it immediately when you get home and show your work to Cindy so that you can do the things I've planned. Deal?"

Sharon hugged Lillian tightly. "But, Ms Lillian," she giggled, "I'm the Mistress of the House now. The Mistress doesn't do homework."

Lillian laughed merrily, unerringly finding one of Sharon's nipples and tweaking it gently. "Silly girl. Give me a kiss. The cab just pulled up."

Right on cue, a horn honked outside and Cindy appeared to carry the suitcases outside, hand them to the driver and scuttle back into the house. The driver stared in amazement at Cindy's bare ass as she ascended the steps to reenter the house.

Sharon clung to Lillian for a long moment, pressing her head into Lillian's bosom then raising her face for a deep, lingering kiss. The two lovers walked hand in hand to the car, Lillian getting in the back. A quick kiss and the cab drove away as the sky began to lighten. Sharon watched the car until it disappeared around a corner then turned and walked slowly back inside. Her heart was in that cab. Her new life. Her love.

She shuffled into the kitchen where the smells of cooking food and fresh coffee mingled pleasantly. Plopping down in her seat, her still-clothed butt sliding smoothly only served to darken her mood further. Cindy glided over to her on those stiletto heels to set down a cup of coffee, flavored the way Sharon liked it, two spoons of sugar with enough milk to lighten it to a dark tan.

"Mistress, breakfast will be served shortly. And, begging Mistress's pardon, you are not nude," Cindy said meekly, reddening slightly.

Wordlessly and morosely, Sharon stood, stripped, threw the clothing aside and plopped into the seat again. She seized the coffee cup and sipped it, lost in her own thoughts.

A few minutes later, Cindy set a plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast with jelly before Sharon. She stood next to Sharon quietly for a moment then her heels clicked as she walked over to the counter to open the packet which Lillian had left. Inside, she found a myriad of colored envelopes which were neatly printed with the days of the week, written in Lillian's hand. She opened the first envelope and read each word carefully. She didn't want to risk her Mistress's ire. 

Cindy reddened further as she read the first paragraph of the first envelope. After reading the entire letter, she placed it back in the envelope, that envelope going to the back of the bundle.

Sharon stared at her plate, picking at her food, taking small bites and chewing them woodenly. 

Gentle pressure on the insides of her knees brought Sharon back to reality. She leaned back in her seat to look under the table. All she could see from this angle were large, bare breasts beneath which a black silk skirt could be seen. The pressure on her knees grew a little stronger and she parted her legs, scooting her butt to the edge of the chair.

"Miss Cindy, did Ms Lillian tell you to do this?"

Cindy's head moved into Sharon's crotch, her eyes shining upwards. "Yes, Mistress. I am to please you as much as you wish while The Mistress is away. This is my first order. Please continue to eat breakfast. You will need to get ready for school in a half hour, Ma'am."

Cindy began kissing Sharon's thighs as the girl leaned forward to take another, bigger bite of food, her appetite returning. What a going away present! 

Cindy's kisses aimed straight for Sharon's pussy as she wasted no time licking the girl. Sharon picked up her coffee cup, set it down with a thump as Cindy's tongue, more slender and slightly longer than Lillian's, went to work on her clit, picked it up again and took a sip. 

Cindy licked the nub furiously, her tongue poking and prodding, wriggling from side to side and up and down, seemingly all at the same time. She reached to gently take Sharon's hips and slide the nude girl further to the edge of the seat so that Sharon's butt was barely in the seat. Cindy craned her neck, her tongue diving into Sharon's now-moist canal.

Sharon tried to concentrate on a piece of toast, only succeeding in crushing it as the first nudge of an impending orgasm washed through her. Cindy laid a finger on the chair and slid it back to lightly rub Sharon's rear hole.

Sharon tried to drop the toast, the jelly causing it to stick to her hand, being mangled further as she gripped the edge of the table and closed her eyes, orgasm building. She could only think of the pleasure now, food forgotten. 

Cindy inserted a finger into Sharon's pussy, pumping slowly as she flicked her tongue over the young Mistress's clit, still rubbing her asshole.

Sharon convulsed at the table as her orgasm hit like a freight train. She screamed as she came, shaking the table, the supposedly stable coffee cup tipping over to spill the contents onto the plate.

Cindy fingerfucked her slower and slower, the finger rubbing her slowing as well, her licking turning to light kisses as she eased Sharon down from her morning high. 

Sharon gazed down at Cindy with a satisfied smile. "Where did you learn THAT?" she asked through pursed lips, breathing heavily.

"The Mistress has taught me much, Ma'am. And, I learned some things before she bought me."

Sharon's naked butt squeaked as she scooted back in the seat, still breathing hard. She focused her eyes on her ruined plate, saying, "Wow! That was incredible! You can get up now and get dressed."

"Yes, Mistress. Is the Mistress pleased for the day ahead?" Cindy asked as she wormed her way out from under the table, fastening her bodice.

Sharon sighed contentedly. "Oh, yes. Thank you."

Cindy curtsied and began gathering the dishes, licking her lips. "Mistress, one of my duties is to remind you of appointments and such. You need to get ready for school, Ma'am."

Sharon started up the stairs to begin her morning routine, wobbling a bit from the breakfast orgasm. As she showered, she heard the chiming notes of the doorbell.

Presently, Cindy's voice came from the bathroom doorway. "Mistress, there are two policemen at the front door. They request to speak to the person in charge of the home."

Sharon froze, her mind immediately going to Lillian. Lillian had gotten into an accident, she just knew it. Quickly turning off the water, she grabbed a fluffy towel, wrapped it around herself and practically flew down the stairs, leaving a trail of water behind. A short fireplug of a man, with dark hair and corporal stripes, stood alongside a taller slender blonde cop just inside the open front door.

They were looking through the doorway into the kitchen as Sharon descended, turning to spy the girl with dripping wet hair. Cindy followed closely behind her with a smaller towel stooping to wipe up the water, deep cleavage showing as she bent over.

"Officers? Is something wrong with Ms Lillian?" Sharon asked worriedly as she approached.

The fireplug spoke, a deep basso voice emanating from the short man, "Ms Lillian? Who's that?" The young blonde cop was staring at Cindy's chest, hoping to see a bit more than cleavage.

"She owns the house. She left for a trip just about an hour ago and left me to watch the place," Sharon said, brushing a trickle of water out of her eyes. "What's going on?"

The two cops looked at each other, then around the room, then back to Sharon. Cindy produced yet another towel, from where Sharon didn't know, and draped it carefully over Sharon's head so as not to obstruct her view. Cindy then began to carefully rub Sharon's hair to dry it.

"Ma'am, is everything all right here?" asked Fireplug.

"Errr....yeah...." replied Sharon guardedly. "Why wouldn't it be?"

"Ma'am, one of the neighbors was walking her dog earlier and heard a scream coming from here. Is there anything we need to know?"

Sharon turned crimson, giggling slightly. Cindy hesitated for the briefest moment then resumed drying Sharon.

"Oh, that," she tried to keep her voice level, but it cracked slightly anyway, "We were...eating...and I...er...uh...slipped and fell out of my chair."

It was Cindy's turn to become crimson. The two cops looked at her, taking in her voluptuous curves, large breasts, silken uniform and stiletto heels. They smirked at each other slyly, the younger cop raising his eyebrow and cocking his head slightly. Fireplug just glowered at the blonde cop. 

"All right, ma'am," said Fireplug, smiling professionally. "Your neighbor was just concerned. Do we need call you an ambulance?"

Sharon giggled again, unable to resist being a smart ass, "No, thank you, officer. Cindy kissed it and made it better."

Fireplug grinned widely, catching the obvious mirth from the girl, while the blonde cop snickered and Cindy discreetly moved her head behind Sharon as she turned beet red. The cops said their goodbyes and left, closing the door behind them. Sharon peeked through the strip window beside the door watching the pair as they walked back to their cars. Fireplug's hand shot out and smacked the back of the blonde's head. Both cops roared with laughter, got in their cars and drove off.

"Miss Cindy," Sharon said as she turned from the window, "would you pick out my clothes for the day? I need to finish washing my hair." Sharon led the way to the stairs, Cindy following closely and pausing to dab at a water spot occasionally. 

"Yes, Mistress." Cindy stopped in the bedroom to go through the small collection of clothes, picking and choosing carefully, while Sharon dropped her towel and got back into the shower to finish.

Sharon emerged a few minutes later, drying her hair again.

Cindy stood quietly in her standard pose, eyes downcast, hands folded before her; however, something seemed to be weighing on her mind. "Permission to speak, Mistress?"

Sharon looked forlornly at the knee-length skirt, white short-sleeved shirt and faded pink socks wishing she could get new clothes. "Sure, Miss Cindy. You can talk to me anytime you want." She began to dress.

"While it is certainly your right to speak to me how you wish, Ma'am, it is not necessary to call me, 'Miss,' all the time. I am used to being called many different things. Begging the Mistress's pardon." Cindy blushed as she was not accustomed to being able to communicate with her superior so openly.

Sharon's brow furrowed as she mulled over Cindy's words while she tied her purple high tops. "Okay. I was just taught to treat everyone with the respect I'd want from others."

Cindy tugged Sharon's skirt here and there, tucking her shirt more securely in the back. "I understand, Mistress. Please forgive me for my outburst."

Sharon turned to look Cindy in the eye, placing her arms around the maid's neck. Cindy shifted a bit at this sudden action, but remained in place. Cindy was only an inch or two taller than Sharon. "Miss Cindy, you're a human being. You deserve respect just like everyone else. I respect you for knowing yourself so well. I wish I knew who I was..." She leaned forward to kiss Cindy lightly on the lips, inhaling the sweet scent of the maid and hugging her tightly.

Cindy returned the tender kiss, stiffening as she was hugged. Very few people had ever hugged her and she wasn't quite sure how to react. She settled for wrapping her arms around Sharon and patting the girl on the back. After a long moment, Sharon broke away and headed for the stairs, Cindy trailing.

"Mistress, in the packet which The Mistress left for me, were instructions about the homecoming dance. She knows that it's important to you and requests that you not ask anyone to it. She has taken care of the matter and hopes that you will enjoy her gift," said Cindy as they made their way downstairs.

Sharon stopped at the bottom, turning to face Cindy brightly. "She's coming back for the dance? She'll be my date?"

Cindy almost ran into Sharon, but grabbed the rail and managed to stop herself in time. "No, Mistress. She has something else in mind for you. I don't know what it is, but there is a letter that I am to present to you this afternoon after school. Please do not ask to see it before then. I am bound by my word to her to follow her instructions to the letter." Cindy bowed her head in acknowledgment of Sharon's status as well as in apology.

The doorbell sounded again. Twice before school? thought Sharon. This is strange.

Cindy excused herself and moved past Sharon to answer the door. From Sharon's vantage point at the foot of the stairs, she was only a few feet from the door and gasped as Cindy opened it. Standing in the doorway was a slender redheaded female with piercing green eyes, beautiful face passive. She was dressed in immaculate chauffeur livery and topped out at six feet, if she was an inch. Her hair was tightly wrapped in a bun at the back of her head. The outfit fitted her form, accentuating her curvaceous figure. 

At her left shoulder stood an equally impressive brunette who stood a few inches taller. She was dressed in a black, loosely cut business suit, the coat being unbuttoned to reveal a spanking white button up shirt; shoulder-length hair in a severe ponytail. As the woman turned to glance behind her occasionally, the shirt seemed to tighten against something a little harder; body armor.

The chauffeur spoke directly to Cindy with a voice of pure silk. "Good morning. Please inform the Mistress of the house that her chauffeur and bodyguard are here and will await her on the doorstep."

Sharon's legs gave way as she collapsed to sit on the stairs with a thump. Cindy turned and immediately rushed to her as the chauffeur stepped aside and the brunette rushed in to kneel at her side.

"Mistress?" asked Cindy in alarm. The bodyguard, stone faced, looked into Sharon's eyes, examining her closely. Sharon grinned sheepishly and said, "Sorry. Didn't mean to scare anyone. Just took me totally by surprise, that's all. I'm fine." She giggled as the stoic bodyguard and Cindy helped her to stand.

Now standing one step up, Sharon was at eye level with the bodyguard's throat. She looked up into the tall woman's eyes, smiling. "Ms Lillian sent you and that other lady didn't she?"

"Yes, Ma'am. I'm to protect you at all times while you are outside of this house or your school. I am Alyssa. Your chauffeur is Caylie. We will escort you and make sure that you arrive safely where you need to be." Her voice was pleasant, but not the silken texture of Caylie's.

"Wow!" Turning to the maid, she asked, "Miss Cindy, did you know about this?"

Cindy lowered her eyes to stare at her feet. "Yes, Mistress. I did. I apologize and did not mean to deceive you. The Mistress left explicitly detailed instructions on whom to expect while she is away. I am not to reveal this information ahead of time." 

At that moment, it was cemented in Sharon's mind that Lillian really did love her and was going all-out to make sure that she knew.

Caylie, surveying the area outside, turned to speak into the doorway in her silken voice, "Ma'am, we need to be going so you're not late for class."

Sharon giggled at the pampering. She was becoming used to being called, "Ma'am," by people much older than she was. She went over to the desk in the living room to retrieve her books, then headed for the door. Alyssa stood on the porch, head turning slowly as she gazed around the quiet neighborhood while Caylie sauntered down the walkway to a gleaming black Cadillac limousine, behind which stood a small black sports car carrying two men who were dressed identically to Alyssa. Caylie stood at the opened rear door awaiting Sharon.

Sharon slid in, Caylie closed the door and moved to the driver's side as Alyssa stood outside the car, still surveying the area. When Caylie closed her door, Alyssa immediately got into the front passenger seat and the car was instantly in motion, gliding away from the curb. The sports car followed closely.
