 Chapter 6: Show Time

AUTHOR'S NOTE: We've received many emails wanting more substance and details in our duo's everyday lives. There's not a lot of sex in this particular chapter, as we're trying a new approach. PLEASE, let us know how and what we can do to make our readers happy. Real celebrities are mentioned all through the story, however, any "celebrity" taking an active role in the plotline is made up. As of this writing, "Daria Summers" is fictional and is in no way inspired by up-and-comer Erin Crocker.

_______________________ _________________________

As Sharon walked toward the house phone, she glanced at the TV which was set to a national news station. 

The scene was that of the house she was standing in. Two uniformed armed guards stood to either side of the front door. In the driveway was a black security van with a tall, slender pole on top of it; the pole appeared to be higher than the roof of the house. When she asked about the pole, Caylie told her that there was a small camera on top, so the occupants of the van could see over the house and into the backyard.

The anchorwoman was babbling about incessantly the events of last night, the scene switching to a photo of Sharon and Ouranos posing for the homecoming pictures. Sharon turned away in disgust, not wanting to even think about the asshole who had tried to rape her.

The teen picked up the house phone in the kitchen and dialed Lillian's cell. The house phone was dead. Cindy held out a cell phone.

"My apologies, Mistress. It was necessary to disconnect the main phone as the people outside kept calling to speak to you," she said with head bowed. "This telephone was provided by the security company. If you wish, I will dial Mistress Lillian."

Wow, thought Sharon, still in a state of shock, these people had ALL the bases covered!

"Yes, Miss Cindy. That will be fine." Sharon walked back into the living room, dreading the conversation she was about to have with her Goddess. She wouldn't blame Ms Lillian one bit for having her thrown out the front door to be devoured by those press-wolves.

"Yes, sir. The password to connect with that room is, 'mint condition,'" Cindy spoke with the hotel desk, her heels clicking on the tiled floor as she carried the phone into the living room. "Hello, Mistress Lillian. Mistress Sharon is ready to speak with you. Yes, Mistress, the extra security detail is here. I understand, Mistress." 

She curtsied as she said the last and handed the phone to Sharon. Sharon tentatively took the phone, gulped and raised it to her ear, closing her eyes in preparation for the onslaught.

"Er...hi, Ms Lillian,'" she spoke timidly.

"Hello, Beloved. I trust that you are being well-cared for?" The smooth music of Lillian's voice flowed through Sharon to encompass her heart.

"Yes, they're all very nice to me. Are you mad that your house is on the news?"

Lillian's laughter made Sharon relax, her mind's eye seeing that beautiful face; the curve of her cheek, the soft skin. Sharon's thought's turned to the night of lovemaking before Lillian left and she started to get, "that feeling," between her legs.

"Sweet Sharon. How could I possibly be upset with you for not wanting to be sexually assaulted? Quite the little lioness, you are, I must say. The news stations have been showing you kicking his ass over and over again. One brought in a Krav Maga expert who said that those were textbook moves and congratulated your instructor. Another expert said that the take-down took less than three seconds. I'm so proud of you! I'm VERY upset with my agent's friend, however."

"Ms Lillian, it's not his fault. He just tried..." Sharon was cut off by Lillian who spoke sternly, totally out of character for her; she had always been so kind and polite when speaking to Sharon.

"It IS his fault, Beloved," Lillian intoned. "He has known his client for at least as long as the show's been on the air. He should have known what scum that boy is." Her voice softened to its normal near-purr, "I'm sorry, Sharon. I didn't mean to snap at you. I'm not angry with you. On the upside, I've closed the deal on the book a week early. I got a call shortly after your story broke with an offer which was simply too good to pass up. We're meeting in a few minutes to finalize everything. You're my good luck charm." 

Sharon could hear the lightheartedness in Lillian's voice and knew that she was more than a bauble for the luscious woman.

"Does that mean that you're coming home?" Sharon asked excitedly.

Lillian heaved a great sigh and said, "No, Beloved, I'm afraid not." Sharon's heart sank. "You're going to meet me at my cottage in Virginia. It's not well-known by the media and we'll hide out there for a bit until all this blows over and those jackals find another celebrity story to follow. In a week, no one will remember what happened. They'll be preoccupied with more of Amy Winehouse's antics, no doubt."

"But, Ms Lillian! I'll miss a whole week of school! What about Regan and Miss Cindy? How will I get out of here? Those people outside will want my side of the story! Ms Lillian, I'm scared..."

Lillian cooed softly, her voice soothing Sharon's frayed nerves. "Sharon, darling, come now. There's no need to be scared. You are in some of the best hands in the world. Just follow their directions and everything will work out. We'll be together tonight. I promise. Regan and Cindy can have the house for the week. I'll make the arrangements with your school to have the lessons emailed to you. Okay?"

Sharon trusted Lillian so much that Lillian could have told her to put on a rabbit suit and run backwards down the street.

"And we'll see each other tonight, Ms Lillian?" Sharon practically begged.

"Tonight, my love. I guarantee it. Just follow the directions of the bodyguards and you'll be fine," soothed Lillian. "I would never let anything happen to you. Now, let me speak with Cindy again, please. I love you."

"I love you so much, Ms Lillian! See you tonight!" she practically skipped over to Cindy to hand her the phone, then turned to Alyssa and Caylie. 

"What do I need to do? Ms Lillian told me to follow your instructions and you'll get me out of here to go see her." She sipped her coffee.

Caylie spoke first, "It'll be a couple of hours before we get everything in place. Until then, just stay in the house and relax."

As the next few hours passed, Cindy served breakfast then went to pack Sharon's clothes. The TV was tuned to CNN, that having the best (and funniest) coverage of the situation. More and more people were being interviewed as the newshounds sought Sharon's friends, acquaintances and teachers.

When Megan's face came on, Regan narrowed her eyes and turned up the sound. Megan's hair and makeup were impeccable, as always, her normal haughty air evident, even over the airwaves. 

"Oh!" she enthused to the reporter, "Sharon is my best friend in the whole world! I'd do ANYTHING for her and she'd do the same for me. I'm saddened that such a wonderful person as she is would have to go through that. If she has that guy thrown in jail, I wouldn't blame her in the slightest."

Regan pointed at the screen with her middle finger, muttering, "Two-faced lying fuckheaded bitch."

Alyssa and Caylie looked at her, so she explained what had happened at lunch the day of the dance. They exchanged bemused looks and continued taking turns looking at the circus outside the house.

Alyssa's cell phone rang. She answered it, waited a few seconds, then spoke. "Right. Start the show in ten minutes."

She turned toward Sharon and explained what was going to happen, ensuring that Sharon knew her role and how to play it. Sharon shivered as she listened intently. This was just like a spy movie! Cindy brought her gym bag and carefully set it by the door in preparation of the upcoming events.

Sharon hugged Regan, kissing her on the cheek as Regan hugged her back, saying, "See you in a few days, Shar. I'll take gooooood care of Cindy." She snickered, whapping the maid's bare butt, Cindy blushing furiously.

In the distance, a siren wailed, slowly growing closer, Sharon becoming more and more agitated by the sound.

Caylie went to peek out the hole in the door, watching with satisfaction as every camera turned to face the sound of the siren as it grew louder and louder. On the TV screen, the view of an ambulance headed their way, news trucks scrambling to make way for it. The ambulance stopped in front of the house, three EMT's climbing out; one hauling out the stretcher from the back, another carrying the orange trauma bag and oxygen tank, the third with a blue crash box.

All three wore the same blue uniform, ball caps denoting that they were from the same company as the bodyguards, and sunglasses.

Alyssa pulled Sharon around the corner into the living room as Caylie opened the door to admit the trio who rushed in. Caylie closed the door. Alyssa had pulled Sharon out of the way so as not to be seen be any cameras that may be focused on the door.

No words were spoken by the EMT's as the one with the crash box opened it to reveal that it was totally empty. He grabbed the gym bag and placed it inside, closing and securing the latches. The female EMT carrying the orange trauma bag opened it to pull out an identical uniform, complete with black tennis shoes, and hand it to Sharon. Sharon wordlessly put it on over her own clothes, Regan helping her. As she tied her shoes, the female EMT took off her cap and sunglasses, laying them on the table. The woman shook out her dark hair. She and Sharon could easily pass for each other, which was the intent, however, crow's feet were starting to creep in around her eyes. 

Sharon donned the cap and glasses while the woman took off her uniform shirt and shoes, stuffing them in the bag, zipping it up and handing it to Sharon who placed it at the foot of the stretcher. Then she climbed on the stretcher and pulled the sheet over her. An oxygen mask went over her mouth and nose, whereupon she placed her arm, bent at the elbow over her eyes. Sharon looked at the scene and could have sworn that she, herself, was lying on the stretcher. 

Quick hugs to Regan and Cindy, then she took her place at the front of the stretcher as Caylie again opened the door and led the entourage outside. As expected, there was a flurry of activity as reporters scrambled to get a glimpse of the girl on the stretcher, totally ignoring the EMT's. Caylie and Alyssa ran interference, pushing a few cameramen forcefully out of the way. Alyssa got a little overexhuberant and roughly shouldered a bottom-feeder, his camera flying out of his hands to land with a satisfying crunch on the sidewalk.

Sharon backed in to the ambulance, the bodyguards helping lift the stretcher with the fake Sharon into the back. Alyssa climbed in with one EMT while Caylie walked back toward the house, roughly shouldering the same cameraman just as he picked up his smashed camera. He dropped it again and began shouting obscenities at her. Sharon didn't get to see what happened as the doors closed and the ambulance started moving, siren wailing.

"That was perfect, ma'am. If you need a job, give us a call. You're good at this." The woman on the stretcher uncovered her eyes, pulled down the mask, and looked at Sharon with a huge grin. "Just a few more minutes and we'll get you to the airport. I'm Noreen. The guy looking out the back, no doubt watching the rabid wolves following us, is Ralph." 

Ralph, in his mid-forties, stocky of build with salt-and-pepper hair and bushy mustache, turned and smiled with a curt nod. "Up front, driving like a bat out of hell is Turner. We're all licensed Emergency Medical Technicians. Ralph is working on becoming a full-fledged doctor."

Noreen propped herself up on an elbow, smiling gently.

"Your friend must like you an awful lot. This kind of service, we call it 'Hard-Target Extraction,' is one of the most expensive our company offers. You're very lucky to have someone who cares for you like that." She raised her voice slightly, grinning wickedly, looking toward the driver's seat. "I wish I did!" Right on cue, a middle finger appeared around the corner. It was evident that Turner and Noreen were an item and were being playful in their professionalism.

The hospital loomed ahead, Turner noting such. Alyssa winked at Sharon.

"This is where we part ways, ma'am. Ralph and Turner will make sure you get to the airport." Alyssa leaned forward to give a hug to Sharon, who returned it fiercely.

Noreen put her head back down, replacing the mask as the ambulance stopped before the emergency room. Ralph opened the doors and hopped out, pulling the stretcher out helped by Alyssa. True to form, the cameras and reporters followed the fake Sharon into the hospital. The real Sharon watched the hospital security guards fending off the bloodhounds and turned to make her way up front to sit next to Turner.

"Ma'am, all we do is wait for Ralph to get back and we're outta here." Turner reached into a cooler and offered her a soda which she accepted. "Just act bored with everything. If someone approaches...like this idiot..." He gestured toward a man with a notepad approaching them, "Pretend you don't hear him, look at me and don't say a word. I got it."

A young man in his early twenties came up on Sharon's side and tapped on the window, smiling. Sharon lazily turned her head away from the man as instructed to glance at Turner. Turner used the electric remote to roll down the window.

"Yes, sir? May I help you?" asked Turner smoothly, turning on his professional EMT demeanor. 

The newsy flipped a hundred dollar bill through the window, "Darrell Monzoni, East Coast Today. Can you tell me happened? Why you brought her here?"

Turner picked up the bill, crumpled it into a ball and threw it back into Darrell's face.

"Nope," said Turner, as he rolled the window back up. Sharon had to bite her lip to keep from laughing out loud.

Ralph returned, closed the doors and they started away. Turner picked up the radio microphone and spoke into it, "2187 to Central. 2187 is clear."

The radio crackled, a female voice issuing forth, "Acknowledged, 2187. Proceed to the airport for vital organ pickup at private hanger 4."

"2187, acknowledge. Vital organ pickup at hangar 4." He replaced the mike with a grin. He proceeded to explain to Sharon that the media had scanners and could listen to all the transmissions for the juicy stories. A vital organ transfer was low key and shouldn't arouse any suspicions; after all, the REAL news was at the hospital, right?

Sharon was in total awe of the whole operation. She'd seen it in the movies and on TV, but not for one minute did she ever think that something like this would ever happen to her. Her heart soared as she again realized that Lillian truly loved her and wanted to protect her. She vowed to herself that she wouldn't do anything to betray her Goddess.

They pulled through the security checkpoint, the guard dutifully inspecting and logging the vehicle then waving them through. Ralph professionally helped Sharon take off the uniform, storing it in the blue case from which he pulled her gym bag. The ambulance pulled into the hangar which was guarded by several uniforms from the security company. A small commuter jet sat in the center, connected to a towing tractor, the raven-haired female pilot talking to the tractor driver, standing next to it.

"Guys," said Sharon, "thank you SO much! That was fun!" She one-arm-hugged the still-seated Turner, gave Ralph a big squeeze, grabbed her bag, and climbed out. The ambulance pulled away as the pilot approached. The pilot stuck out her hand as the driver climbed on his squat device and prepared to tow the plane out. 

"Hi, Sharon, I'm Tanya. Lillian is quite anxious to see you. We'll be taking off in about 20 minutes and have you in Virginia in a little more than two hours. This particular plane has been modified to contain a television with a DVD player, lots of different movies; a bed if you need a nap; a small toilet, rather cramped, but adequate for the purpose; and a small refrigerator with sodas and sandwiches. Is there anything you need before we leave?"

Sharon took note that she was addressed by name rather than, "Ma'am."

"Nice to meet you, Tanya. I just want to get out of here and go see Ms Lillian. Do you work for them?" asked Sharon, gesturing at the guards and departing ambulance.

Tanya chuckled. "No, Lillian gives me a call when she needs me. I was way ahead of her on this one, though. I was watching the news this morning, and when I saw her house on a national network, I had the feeling I'd better prep and fuel the plane. She called and told me our destination so I could file a flight plan and I've been waiting ever since. Shall we get on board and get out of here?"

Sharon followed her up the stairs as the tractor rumbled to life in preparation for towing them out. Tanya turned left toward the cockpit and seating herself in the left chair. Sharon peeked into the space noting how cramped it seemed. The array of instruments and dials made no sense to her as she gazed around.

"Who sits in that other seat?" asked the girl, pointing.

"That's for the copilot, the person who helps me fly on long trips," said the pilot, as she settled her headset in place and gave the thumbs-up to the tractor driver. The tractor's engine deepened and the plane began rolling smoothly out of the hangar. 

"This is only a short ride, though, so I didn't need to call him. Maybe later, after we get in the air, you can sit there and I'll let you try your hand at flying. Go have a seat and put on your seat belt. Then, just sit back and relax." Tanya flashed a grin and winked. "You'll see Lillian a lot sooner if you leave the flying to me. Gotta do my preflight checks, if you'll pardon me."

At hearing Lillian's name, a tingle shot through the teen. She watched a few moments longer as Tanya turned back to her instruments and pulled out a clipboard with a long list of things on it. "By the way," Tanya called over her shoulder, "Please, put your bag either under a seat or in the small closet right behind me."

Sharon opened the door of the closet, dropped her bag on the floor with a thump, and closed the door again, making sure it was firmly secure. She turned to make her way toward the back of the plane and noticed that one of the eight seats was occupied by...

"MS LILLIAN!" Sharon shrieked and bolted toward her lover's waiting arms, crushing her against the seat, slamming her head against Lillian's chest, and clinging to the older woman for dear life.

"Hello, Beloved," purred Lillian as she wrapped her arms around the girl with a huge grin. She stroked the girl's hair tenderly, kissing the top of her head.

Sharon raised her head, kissing Lillian fiercely, her tongue wrestling with her lover's as she savored the feel of the other woman; pressing herself as close as she possibly could to make as much contact as possible. The whine of the engines starting up, caused Lillian to gently push Sharon into the seat across the aisle from her and tell her to fasten her seat belt as she settled back into her own seat.

As the plane started taxiing into position, Sharon lovingly stared at Lillian and inundated her with questions about the past week. Lillian calmly replied to them all and asked a few of her own. The overhead speakers clicked on.

"Ladies, we're now number two for takeoff. We'll be in the air shortly. Our flight time will be two hours, twelve minutes. We have a tail wind for the first little bit, so we'll make decent time. Our flight level will be twelve thousand feet and we have clear skies all the way. Please remain seated with your seat belts fastened until I say it's okay. I've taken the liberty of closing the door to the flight deck and won't disturb you. Sit back and enjoy the flight. If you have any questions, just let me know."
