 NOTES: Special thanks to all of you who emailed to inform me of a HUGE mistake on the airplane. "Pour Some Sugar On Me" is by Def Leppard, not Led Zepplin. I hope it won't be another 6 months before the next chapter. Thank you ALL for being patient. If you want to be apprised of future chapters, send me some feedback and make that notation. You can also find me on Facebook.

------------------------------------------------

Soft lips on the cheek. A nuzzling of the ear. Another kiss on the cheek, tender as a butterfly. A light kiss on the lips. Warm body spooning behind her. 

Sharon's muddled brain took a moment to register the data. If there was a warm body behind her, who was kissing her? She slid a hand backward underneath the sheet to find a familiar smooth thigh. She knew that thigh well; she had touched it, caressed it, kissed it, spooned with it almost every night for the past few weeks. 

A small, unfamiliar tongue skittered across her lips. She cracked an eyelid ever so slightly, trying to see who was doing this without letting them know. The Oriental features of Kumiko looked at her, smiling, and drew closer to kiss her a little harder on the lips. The only muscles that Sharon moved were those controlling her index finger as she tapped urgently on Lillian's bare thigh, trying to wake the woman. A long, slow inhalation of breath behind her indicated that Lillian was waking up. Sharon kept up the insistent tapping as Kumiko leaned down to gently kiss a closed eyelid. Surely, Lillian would see this and come unglued.

"Beloved," Lillian said sleepily, "please stop that. Time for you to get up." At her Mistress's voice, Kumiko straightened, folded her hands and smiled at Sharon as the girl opened both eyes and sat up. Sharon looked from the maid to her Goddess and back again. Kumiko stepped back, retrieved a spanking white terrycloth robe from a chair and held it out, eyes lowered, for Sharon to slip into. Sharon, perpetually confused by Lillian's actions, leaned over to kiss her lover and climbed out of bed, fully nude, to slip into the robe and fasten the belt. Lillian, eyes closed, kissed her back, rolled over, snugged up the blanket and promptly fell asleep again.

"Mistress Sharon," Kumiko said softly, barely above above a whisper. "If you would do me the honor of eating the breakfast I have prepared for you, I will explain what just happened." She assumed her usual submissive posture as she waited patiently for Sharon's answer.

"Okay, I'll be there in a minute," she said, heading for the bathroom, Kumiko stepping aside to let her pass. A couple minutes later, Sharon wandered into the kitchen to find a place set for her. 

"Er....where's Ms Lillian's place?" 

"With apologies, Mistress Sharon," the maid said in a low voice, "Mistress Lillian's setting will be placed for her shortly after she rises later this morning."

Sharon slid into the proffered seat, squirming to get her butt settled as Kumiko began serving while speaking.

"Mistress Lillian dislikes the raucousness of alarm clocks, preferring instead to be awakened gently and with affection. I am truly surprised she has not told you this. I understand that you have been with her for several weeks now. Do you wish for anything else at this time, Ma'am?" Kumiko gestured to the meal and coffee.

"No, Kumiko, this is fine, thanks." Sharon turned her head and smiled at the maid, marveling at the compact body. With Kumiko standing directly next to her, Sharon could see that Kumiko was well-toned, the barest hint of muscle definition showing. Probably martial arts katas and a bit of sparring, she decided.

Kumiko turned and clicked away into the living room. Presently, there was the whisper of cloth on wood as she began dusting.

Sharon ate in silence, her mind quietly mulling over the events of the past weeks; meeting her Goddess in the back yard, getting kicked out of her parent's house (and later disowning them) and having nowhere else to turn, Lillian welcoming her with open arms and legs. She thought about their first dinner and the delicious, sexy ride. She was happy that Regan and Cindy seemed to hit it off so well, she thought that they were perfect for each other.

Her thoughts turned to her protection detail and all the fun she'd had in their classes. 

Curious that Ms Lillian didn't seem the least bit concerned at the cost of her homecoming dress. She'd worn it once and didn't even a good time...unless you counted kicking, "Jose Montego's," ass. That was kinda cool.

She sighed, drained her glass of orange juice and scooted back from the table. She stood, poured another cup of coffee and wandered in to the living room where Kumiko was busily wiping down the computer monitor and keyboard, both of which were already turned on.

"Mistress," said Kumiko in acknowledgment, as she held the chair, her eyes fixed on the floor. "Mistress Lillian desires for you to be nude as much as possible, even while doing schoolwork. I am forbidden to look at your nude body until Mistress Lillian is satisfied."

"Satisfied? Satisfied with what?" Sharon undid the belt of her robe, slipped out of it and handed the fluffy cloth to the maid, then sat to begin the process of logging in to her email account.

"She wishes to be totally satisfied that I am committed to Daria and will not try to seduce you. That is part of my father's punishment. I must commit to one person while I am in the United States.

Sharon almost gave herself whiplash turning her head to look at Kumiko.

"You mean that Ms Lillian brought me here as a TEST?!?!? I'm a PUPPET?!?!" She leapt from the seat, spinning to face Kumiko.

Kumiko involuntarily backed up a step, seeming to shrink in on herself at the unexpected outburst, her eyes burning a hole in the floor. She squinched her eyes shut in a moment of, "Oh-shitness." She'd put her foot in deep shit and Mistress Lillian was going to hit the roof. The maid's feet seemed to disappear from under her, so swiftly did she drop to her knees to place her forehead against the carpet, bare ass high in the worship position. Sharon glared at the maid, unsure of what she should do at this point.

"Raise your head and speak to me, not the carpet," Sharon's voice took on a curiously menacing tone. "Explain yourself."

"Mistress Sharon," beseeched Kumiko, speaking quickly, "please do not be angry. You are not a puppet. Mistress Lillian does not doubt your devotion to her, rather, she doubts my devo..." She instantly became quiet as Lillian entered the room, statuesque and beautifully nude, her hair a bit frizzed from sleep.

"Beloved? Kumiko?" Lillian asked as she spotted the prostrate maid, Sharon's diminutive nude form standing over her like a wraith. "What's the trouble?"

Sharon moved to stand beside Kumiko's bare bottom, reaching down to poke Kumiko repeatedly in the butt, emphasizing each word.

"She says that she's not allowed to look at my body until you're sure that she's devoted to Daria. Am I a test of her willpower? Am I your puppet?" Sharon asked with an uncharacteristically confrontational tone. As the girl spoke, Lillian's face took on a dour expression as she glanced between her Beloved and the maid. Lillian seemed to take only a single step to reach Kumiko, landing a stinging slap on the maid's ass, the sound cracking around the room like a gunshot. Kumiko shrieked in pain.

"Room!" snapped the Goddess in her flawless Japanese. Kumiko was instantly on her feet, turning swiftly and running from the living room toward her bedroom where she had been sent. Lillian brushed a stray hair from her face as she watched the maid race away, took a deep breath then turned back to Sharon, her voice becoming silk again as she laid her hands on the teen's bare shoulders and stared directly into her eyes.

"Sharon, I want you to listen to me very carefully," she said. By now, delicate Sharon was on the verge of tears, a mixture of hurt and curiosity furrowing her brow. 

"You mean more to me than anything else in the entire world. You are definitely NOT a puppet. You are my love. You are my life. You are everything to me. If the publishers threw up hands and refused my books, if the racing commission pulled our charter, I wouldn't care in the slightest. But..." she hugged the girl to her and kissed the top of Sharon's head slowly, feeling the soft yet firm breasts of the shorter girl against her bare slin, "if something were to take you from me, I would be devastated. I may not show it, but you are forefront in my mind every waking moment. You are MY obsession."

Lillian hugged Sharon more tightly, the girl in turn wrapping her arms around Lillian's naked waist, laying her head against those perfect breasts.

"I've told you," Lillian continued, "that we will be together for as long as YOU will have ME." She turned her head to put her cheek against the top of Sharon's head and just held her. All of her verbosity was gone; she had no idea what else to say. The woman who had written entire series of steamy novels was at a loss for words. Sharon clung to her Goddess, feeling secure once again. Safe in the knowledge that she and Lillian would grow old together. They held each other that way for a long time.

Lillian, grinning playfully now that the day's drama had passed, lowered a hand to swat Sharon's bare bottom lightly.

"Now, young lady, you have schoolwork to do," she kissed the girl on the forehead. "The sooner you finish it, the sooner you will get your surprise. I need to go and have a talk with Kumiko." She tipped Sharon's chin up to give her a light kiss on the lips, then broke away and headed for the back part of the house. As Sharon sat, she heard rummaging in their bedroom followed a few seconds later by a soft knock on Kumiko's door. She heard the door open then close.

Doing her best to avoid letting her mind wander to Kumiko's door and what might be happening behind it, Sharon completed logging in and retrieved her email assignments from the school: 

History: One thousand words on why the Allies won WWII. "Atomic bomb" 500 times does not count. 

Calculus (honor system, no internet usage to solve problem): Integral – See diagram. Fill the hole with standard dirt. Allow for settlement of debris. Show work.

English (use Notebook program, no other word processing allowed): 5 pages, single space. Fictional story

Sharon's fingers flew across the keyboard as she tossed off her English assignment in less than thirty minutes. She had written a fantasy story about the evil knight being slain by the heroic knight. She desperately wanted to add the aftermath (the heroic knight getting wildly fucked by the king's daughter), but restrained herself. Glancing over her shoulder at the hallway, she briefly toyed with the idea of slipping down to Kumiko's door to listen in but decided that she had better get this bullshit over with first.

Next up, she wrote an essay about how Hitler had totally, "screwed the pooch," by spreading his forces too thin instead of committing to take one country at a time and then leaving behind defense units. This took almost two hours. Ms Lillian STILL had not emerged from Kumiko's room.

As she was about halfway through her calculations, she heard Ms Lillian exit Kumiko's room and move into the bedroom. Kumiko padded into the living room, wordlessly retrieved Sharon's empty coffee cup and returned shortly with a steaming cup of freshly brewed coffee. Again wordlessly, she set the cup by Sharon's hand and noiselessly sat on the floor by the girl's side, with her legs bent under her; her head was bowed as she continuously stared at the floor. Sharon was so engrossed in her calculations that she failed to register the maid's presence. She DID notice that a fresh cup of coffee was next to her and sipped gratefully, then returned to her calculations. An hour and a half later, satisfied with her work, she zipped the package and sent it to the school. 

As she sat back in the chair and rubbed her eyes, she felt the presence of someone next to her and turned to look at Kumiko who's head was still bowed. The maid was totally devoid of clothing.

"Ummmm..." was all Sharon could muster as she looked at the maid's smooth bare back.

"She is to be punished for letting her tongue run away with her brain, Beloved," said Lillian from the doorway. She was dressed very nicely in a blue business pantsuit, the white shirt beneath it unbuttoned to show plenty of perfect cleavage. "I want you to carry out the punishment. It doesn't have to be physical punishment, either. I know that isn't your cup of tea. You may use mental punishment."

Sharon glanced back and forth between the two, almost as if watching a ping-pong match. 

"Let me guess," she giggled. "If I know how to properly handle and talk to one person of...er...lesser station, I'll be better equipped to deal with a boardroom full of equals or even higher. Right?" Lillian beamed, applauding slowly. "Ms Lillian, I TOLD you I'm not as fluff-headed as I let on." Sharon tapped Kumiko on the shoulder and pointed under the desk. The maid dutifully crawled underneath it and sat cross-legged, facing Sharon.

"Wrong way, Kumiko," Sharon made a twirling motion. "Turn around and face the wall." Kumiko spun on her butt to face the blank wall in the cramped area, her legs still crossed, hands folded in her lap. "Now, lace your fingers behind your neck. I want to be able to see your hands." The maid did as she was instructed, Sharon giggling madly. The youth glanced over her shoulder to Lillian, who was watching curiously, and crooked her finger at her Goddess. Lillian walked up behind Sharon. Sharon caught Lillian's hands and pulled them over each shoulder, forcing Lillian to bend at the waist.

Lillian quickly caught on and slid her hands the rest of the way down Sharon's compact body, moving her head directly next to Sharon's own. Her dextrous fingers began working their magic on the youngster, soon eliciting sighs and soft moans from her. Those marvelous fingers roved Sharon's body, getting the girl wetter and wetter. Sharon dipped a finger into herself and leaned forward to spread some of her scent underneath Kumiko's nose. The maid could hear what was going on right behind her, could smell the sex-scent, but could not take any action. She squirmed a bit.

For the next twenty minutes, Lillian moved her hands over and into Sharon's body, Sharon coming loudly several times as the maid became more and more agitated, whimpering and whining like a puppy. The smell of Sharon's sex filled the small space occupied by Kumiko. Several times, Kumiko's hands started to slip from her neck, but were quickly put back in place when either Sharon or Lillian cleared their throats.

"M-m-mistressss," wailed Kumiko, "I am...com..." Sudden convulsions rocked the maid, her hands clamped firmly on her neck. Sharon had heard of non-stimulated orgasms, but had never actually seen one before. Sharon turned her head to kiss Lillian on the cheek. 

"Thanks, Ms Lillian," she purred at her lover, breathing deeply. "That was perfect..." Lillian kissed her deeply, and straightened slowly, her back on fire.

"I'm not sure who got the punishment, Beloved," she chuckled, and massaged her lower back. "Now, run take a shower and get dressed. I have some things for you then we have to get ourselves to the racetrack. I have a few last minute things to discuss with Daria and the pit crew before the race."

Sharon did something that surprised even Lillian. She slid off the chair to move behind Kumiko under the desk, lowering her head almost to the floor. She extended her tongue and licked the maid from her tailbone up her spine to her neck. The maid shivered uncontrollably.

"Wonderful, Kumiko. Daria is lucky to have you," she whispered in the maid's ear. "You may go about your duties now." She moved back and made her way into the bathroom to shower and dress.

As she was dressing, she heard the deep bass of a semi-tractor rig pulling away from the house. Sharon walked into the living room to find a well-dressed man seated on the sofa speaking quietly with Ms Lillian. He looked up and smiled as Lillian held out an arm to slide it around Sharon's waist.

"Albert, this is my newest employee. She also just happens to be the love of my life." Albert stood and bowed curtly, extending a warm hand to enfold Sharon's own.

"A pleasure, Miss," he stated formally in a clipped British accent. "I am Albert St. John. I will acquaint you with your new mode of travel. I shall await you outside in the drive." He turned, nodded to Lillian and let himself out the front door. Sharon cast a glance out the picture window and saw a gorgeous shiny dark blue, sleek automobile sitting in the driveway, Albert moving to stand patiently beside it.

"Ms Lillian? What's that? Is that....?" Sharon stammered.

Lillian just smiled and tugged Sharon down to kiss her lightly.

"The best, Beloved. Run along and get schooled on your new wheels. We have to be at the track in three hours." Sharon's feet moved by themselves as she just nodded, entranced by the car outside. Kumiko, beaming at her, opened the door to allow her through as she approached it. Sharon never saw the maid, so engrossed in the beauty of the car was she.

Albert smiled and presented her with a golden key chain, a single key dangling from it. He opened the driver's side door and gestured her inside.

Sharon noted a small plate between the door and the seat emblazoned with her name. She wordlessly slipped behind the wheel of a brand new (11 miles on the odometer) Aston Martin DBS Volante. Albert gently closed the door and rounded the car to slide into the passenger seat and close the door.

"Go on, miss," said Albert quietly, smiling knowingly, "start it up." 

Sharon's fingers numbly inserted the key in the ignition, pushed in the clutch and twisted the key. The engine instantly purred to life and sat idling, ready to leap forward at the release of its power. She fiddled with the seat adjustment a moment, set the mirrors, and then grinned wickedly at Albert as she reached for her seat belt.

"Buckle up," was all she said as her foot slammed the accelerator at the same time releasing the clutch, the tires spinning tires. The tires caught traction and the machine rocketed forward, a huge plume of smelly tire-smoke behind them. All the training Sharon had with Alyssa and Caylie came flooding back to her as they blew past the house. Out of the corner of her eye, Sharon saw Lillian hugging Kumiko as they both laughed hysterically. Her mind was far from the soft nights and events of mere minutes ago; she was too busy concentrating on keeping the land rocket on the road. 

Albert had calmly reached over to take the seat belt and fasten it securely, snugging it a bit as he serenely explained the workings and various controls, not the least bit uptight over the weaving and fishtailing. This was the response of most clients upon climbing behind the wheel of an Aston Martin. In every case, he could virtually hear the strains of the James Bond theme running through the driver's head.

When he had thoroughly explained the machine to her, he gestured to the clock and observed that they had been on the road for a half hour. Sharon down shifted, slowed the vehicle and twisted the wheel, stomping the accelerator once again and rocketing back toward the house. The car hugged the curves as if it were on rails. They rounded a curve at close to a hundred miles an hour and were met by a county sheriff's car going the other way. 

"Oooooops!" exclaimed Sharon as they sped along. 

The deputy slammed on his brakes, a huge plume of smoke emanating from the rear wheels. He started to whip around but decided that he'd never catch the blue car as it was already out of sight around another corner. He reached for the radio, then decided he hadn't gotten a good enough look at the car to be accurate, so he drove on and put the incident from his mind.
