 Chapter 3

Lilly and the Sorority

Lilly and the female student hobbled along towards the gyms showers helping carry each other over what seemed a vast distance. Though she could already feel the soreness in her pussy starting to build from the repeated pounding she had taken from the football team she started to feel aroused from the hot flesh of the female student pressing against her body, and she could tell from the way that the other students nipples were starting to stand on end that she felt the same way.

"I'm Lilly" said Lilly trying to break the silence between them with a friendly introduction 

"I'm Alice" said the other girl shyly "thanks for helping me out back there, I think if I had to service all those guys alone they probably would have split me in half" she joked

"Oh don't mention it" said Lilly "I was more then happy to help, and I must say, though I feel a little used it kind of turns me on too" she admitted

"Not me" Said Alice "He does that to punish me, he knows that I'm a lesbian so he makes me do stuff like that and then he films it to use it against me so Ill keep doing more, and this isn't the first time he has got me he saw me making out with another girl earlier and had me pulled into his office to "punish me", its like a vicious cycle, but he has also promised to get me into any college I want so that's a plus I guess" said Alice hanging her head

"You mean he filmed that to?" Asked Lilly shocked

"Yea, he rewards some of his better students with viewings" responded Alice

"Oh..." said Lilly despondently

Finely arriving at the girls locker room Alice and Lilly helped each other through the door and sat down heavily on the hard slats of the wooden bench.

"uhhh... can you do me another favor?" Asked Alice

"Sure, what do you need?" Asked Lilly

"Well I'm already pretty sore, both from being tied in that position for so long and from getting pounded like that so many times, do you think you could help me shower? I don't know if I can do it alone" requested Alice lowering her head again shyly

"I guess so..." started Lilly, "But... I have never showered with another girl before. Though I suppose before today I have never been part of a gang bang either..." Lilly finished

"Was that your first time with a girl too?" Asked Alice

"Yes" answered Lilly

"Oh..." said Alice "Well shall we?" she enquired

Lilly stood up and helped Alice towards the large shower stalls which lined the back of the locker room. Adjusting the water to a comfortable level, Lilly and Alice stepped into the stall closing the heavy glass door behind them.

"Ahh..." said Alice sighing in enjoyment "This water feels good, and it's so nice to be clean again"

Lilly nodded mutely and paused to examine Alice, her lithe frame was belied by the above average size of her chest, at least D's Alice's tits lacked the sagging which was so common in breasts of that size, standing perky and up right Lilly admired them silently watching the hot water flowing down over them and around them as they stood in the falling shower of hot water. Long blonde hair flowed down her neck stopping just short of the middle of her back. A tattoo Lilly hadn't noticed before of a stylized dragon started between her shoulder blades its wings spreading onto her shoulders and the long pointy tail stopping just short of her tail bone leading the eyes downward to the full lush cheeks of her behind. 

"Well are you going to stand there and gawk at me like a teenage boy or are you going to help me?" asked Alice playfully

"Oh sorry..." said Lilly blushing furiously

"You act like you have never seen a naked girl before" said Alice

"Not one built like you" said Lilly

"Well I'm going to take that as a complement, now ill scrub your back if you will do mine?" enquired Alice

Lilly nodded and stepped closer to Alice under the hot flow of the showers water, feeling the rivulets of water flow over her breasts and down between her legs. Lilly felt Alice's skilled hands on her body a few moments later rubbing and kneading her shoulders spreading the soap across her back and releasing the tension in her muscles at the same time, Lilly released a deep sigh of contentment from deep in the back of her throat

"Feel good?" Alice enquired

Lilly nodded moving her body closer, enjoying the soothing touch. "How do you do that so well?" asked Lilly

"Oh my mom is a masseuse" answered Alice "She has taught me a lot I guess, either that or natural skill runs in our family" Alice joked

Lilly closed her eyes and enjoyed the soothing touch; she felt Alice step closer and the pointy tips of her enormous breasts poke softly into her back as their bodies pressed together. Alice's hands slipped lower down the side of her body, over her hips and down in-between her legs brushing the length of her slit once before finding her clit and rubbing it gently. Lilly moaned and pressed herself closer to Alice turning her head towards the other girl resting her head on the others shoulder, finding out that hands which were skilled at releasing the tension in the muscles of her back were equally adept at pleasuring her. Alice leaned down and their lips met in a passionate kiss, Lilly moaned into Alice's mouth as their tongues met briefly before Alice playfully bit her lip. 

"You like that?" asked Alice demurely 

Lilly nodded not trusting her voice not to crack from the skillful touch of Alice's hands between her legs.

"Well how about I give you a better introduction to women then we had out there." Alice stated

Withdrawing her hand from between Lilly's legs Alice dropped to her knees in front of her before slipping one of the hair bands from around her wrist and pulling her hair back into a loose pony tail. Kneeling down Alice inserted her hands between Lilly's knees gently pushing them wider apart exposing the full pouty lips of Lilly's pussy. Using her fingers to spread her apart Alice's tongue darted deep inside eliciting a moan from Lilly who reached down to push Alice's head forcefully between her legs in an instinctive response to try and get more. Lilly could feel Alice's tongue darting in and out of her and looked down, all she could see was the top of Alice's blond head from between her legs and further down her lush ass, Lilly though she saw Alice's fingers dart in and out of view from between her ass and realized that while she was busy devouring Lilly's pussy she was fingering herself as well. Lilly leaned back against the wall of the shower and raised her hands to grasp her breasts roughly moaning in pleasure at the sensation of Alice's tongue penetrating inside of her. Alice stood up abruptly

"Just a sec" she said "I have something in my bag which will help us both out" going to her bag Alice pulled out a long black vibrator from one of the side pockets and stepped back into the shower. Lilly could hear it vibrating powerfully as it was switched on and quivered slightly in anticipation. Alice's arm snaked behind Lilly's back, her nails trailing gently over the soft flesh before completing their circuit of her waist and pulling her into a tight embrace. Lilly could feel the warm flesh of Alice's and her breast being mashed together. Alice switched the vibrator as high as it would go and slipped it down between their waists until it was right over each of their clits. They pulled each other together keeping the vibrator pinned between them. Their mouths found each other and their tongues met, each moaned into the others mouth as they could feel the powerful vibrations emanating from between their legs and they instinctively started grinding on each other. Alice gently pushed Lilly's head down towards her chest and moaned in pleasure as Lilly sucked her nipple into her mouth, her other hand coming up to kneed the other breast, Lilly held the nipple in place gently pinned between her front teeth and started to flick it quickly back and forth with the tip of her tongue eliciting a load moan from Alice.

"Oh god I'm going to cum soon" Alice moaned pulling Lilly's hips tighter against hers to ensure that the vibrator trapped between their pelvises wouldn't be lost at the worst time. Lilly increased her efforts flicking her tongue faster and grasping Alice's breast firmly. Alice forced Lilly's head in-between her breast and shook as her orgasm over took her holding Lilly's slippery naked body to her as she felt the pleasure start to subside. Switching off the vibrator and setting it on the near by bench 

"If you want to clean me up ill make sure you cum too" Alice said with a wink

"What do you want me to do?" asked Lilly

"Just lay down on your back" commanded Alice

Lilly laid down on her back her legs parted slightly, Alice proceeded to squat over her lining up her moist pussy with Lilly's face before burring her own in Lilly's pussy. Lilly paused for a moment to enjoy the feeling before starting in on Alice. It didn't take long before Lilly cum to under Alice's skilled hands and tongue her hips bucking involuntarily and her back arching in pleasure. The two girls lay back against the wall of the stall in each others arms letting the hot water wash away their sweat and cum. Alice laid her head on Lilly's shoulder one hand still between Lilly's legs idly playing with her clit.

"Stop that" Lilly said giggling "Or you're going to get me started again"

"Oh well we wouldn't want that would we?" Asked Alice playfully rolling her eyes 

The two girls finished showering and gathered their things preparing to head back into the dreary school life. Heading back towards the main school building the girls prepared to part ways, Alice turned toward Lilly putting her hand softly in the small of her back

"I really enjoyed our shower" said Alice with a sexy grin on her face 

"Me too" said Lilly looking down shyly 

"So my sister sorority is having a party tonight and she asked me to go, do you want to come with me?" asked Alice

"Sure sounds like fun" agreed Lilly

"Ok I will pick you up at your place? Say around 7?" Asked Alice

"Ok I will see you then" said Lilly

The rest of the day seemed to drag on for Lilly even though in actuality she only had one class left it seemed like days instead of an hour and a half. Scenes of her earlier gang bang and her experience with in the shower with Alice kept filling her mind and she found herself getting aroused again without meaning too. Even though she had never been with a girl before today she had always found them to be very sexy, it wasn't that she considered herself gay or even bi, but thoughts of Alice's supple, wet naked flesh in the shower kept flashing through her head and before she knew it her hand and drifted down between her legs and she was rubbing her clit gently through her underwear. As soon as she realized what she was doing Lilly's hand snapped out from between her legs like it had been burned, considering all the trouble she had been in lately the last thing she needed was for one of the teachers to catch her masturbating in class. Finely the last bell rang and it was time for her to go home. Lilly gathered her things and chartered a course to her locker feeling like a fish swimming up stream trying to make her way through the halls crowded with students all trying to hurry their way out of the school as quickly as possible. Rummaging through her locker Lilly was making sure she had everything she needed to do her home work this weekend, thanking god that it was finely Friday since the week had seemed to drag on forever, when she heard someone clearing their voce behind her, Lilly looked back and saw Tom standing there shyly. 

"Hi Lilly" said Tom

"Hey Tom" said Lilly, blushing and looking down thinking that the last time Tom had seen her she had been almost naked masturbating in the teachers lounge and he had snuck up to watch her, though he didn't know she had seen him

"I was wondering... if maybe you wanted to see a movie or something with me tonight?" asked Tom

"I cant tonight" said Lilly, "I'm going to be busy"

"Oh... ok well never mind them" said Tom with a disappointed look on his face

"But, I'm free tomorrow night..." Lilly said, blushing again

"Oh! Do you want to go out then?" asked Tom his hope flourishing again

"I would love to" said Lilly

"Ok, how about I call you tomorrow afternoon and we can work something out?" asked Tom

"Sure sounds good, I can't wait" said Lilly

Watching the back of toms head bobbing up and down as he made his way through the sea of students Lilly smiled to herself. She had had a crush on Tom for a long time but both of them had been to shy to make a move. 

"I guess watching me in the teachers lounge had finely given him some courage" she laughed to herself

Lilly sat idly at home trying to think of something she could do to kill the time, she had only been home for an hour but she had already finished all of her school work and there was nothing on TV, she was slightly at a loss as to what to do to kill time until it was time to go to the party. Deciding that she might as well take a shower since she would have to at some point before getting ready, especially since her last one had been more play then cleaning, she headed upstairs towards the bathroom. Lilly adjusted the water to her liking and stepped into the stall closing the heavy frosted glass door quietly behind her. Stepping into the stream she raised her head, letting the hot water run down her body feeling the water flow in rivulets between her breasts and down her back. Pulling her hair out of its pony tail she squirted some of her shampoo into her hands before kneading it gently into her scalp. She could feel the tension draining away as she felt the muscles between her shoulders relax, she sighed in contentment. She reached for her other bottle and squirted out some of the body wash she favored, rubbing it between her hands before starting to apply it to her body. Starting at the top and working her way down she started to scrub of the sweat and grime that a days worth of hard labor caused, paying special attention to her breasts and clit. 

Enjoying the feeling of her hands gliding over the slick flesh of her breasts she moaned to herself pinching her left nipple gently between her thumb and fore finger, one hand slid down gliding over the firm tight flesh of her chest and abs, over the top of her hips before following the thin strip of hair down between her legs, sliding her index and middle finger inside her pussy she began to finger herself gently, thoughts of her earlier shower rushing to the forefront of her mind, Lilly imagined that it was Alice's fingers instead of hers as she penetrated deep inside of herself. Lilly moaned at the sensation, her hands where quickly becoming adept at this and Lilly was able to quickly bring herself to a climax. Sighing contently and leaning against the wall of the shower stall she felt the slight twitches which always accompanied an orgasm start to dissipate under the hot water of the shower. 

Lilly stood naked in front of the closet doors, she had been standing here for almost a half hour trying to decide what she should wear to the party but she hadn't been having much luck. She could feel her nipples starting to harden in the cold air of her room and her hair was still wet from a recent shower which wasn't really helping things. She didn't know why she could already feeling herself getting aroused again since she had already had more orgasms today then she had in all the rest of her life combined but regardless the cold air and her erect nipples where starting to turn her on and she ran a hand over her chest, groping herself absent mindedly. Lilly finely decided on going classy but still a bit sexy since you never know who is going to be at a party. She picked out a black bra and panty set as well as a garter belt and some thigh high black pantyhose along with a knee length black skirt and a tight black button up blouse which was low cut enough to show off her chest to good effect but also to not show enough to come off slutty. Walking over to the mirror Lilly examined the effect, admiring the way her bra pulled her tits up and the way the couture's of the shirt showed off her chest and curves to good effect she could even see the slight bumps of her still aroused nipples poking through her shirt. Applying some ruby red lipstick Lilly finished putting on her makeup and getting ready for the party.

Alice's car pulled up in front of the large sorority house and Lilly could already hear the loud music that was so typical of college parties. Getting out of the car Lilly and Alice walked up the path and entered the house. There were easily thirty girls in the house, and the first thing Lilly noticed was that there wasn't a single guy anywhere in sight

"Where are all the guys?" Asked Lilly a bit confused

"The is a lesbian sorority" said Alice "No guys where invited but don't worry the girls here are a lot of fun, you will enjoy yourself I promise, now lets go find some drinks"

Lilly and Alice made their way to the kitchen in the back of the house passing many of the sisters all of whom seemed to be on a first name basis with Alice. 

"Lilly, this is my sister Kim" said Alice "she is in charge of drinks tonight, which is lucky for us because I don't really have the cash to pay for them" laughed Alice. "Kim this is my new friend Lilly"

"Its nice to meet you Lilly" said Kim "Handing Lilly a large red plastic cup "take this cup there are girls in the back making jungle juice, just hand them the cup and you can get as much of it as you want, just be careful its potent stuff, it will knock you on your ass if you aren't careful"

Alice took Lilly by the hand and dragged her though the crowded room in search of the drinks, leaving the kitchen the went into the living room, loud music was playing and the lights where turned way down leaving the room in a semi dark state, numerous couples where dancing grinding against each other and Lilly could see others on the couches making out and in at least one case she thought they might be 69ing each other but it was to dark to get a clear view. Alice continued to drag Lilly by the arm until the came to a large walk in closet with a table in front of it, behind the table two girls where working over an enormous container of red liquid which had chunks of pineapple floating in it. Alice handed the girls both of their cups, receiving them back filled to the brim with the red liquid Alice handed Lilly her cup.

"Here drink this it's pretty good" said Alice taking a long sip from her cup

"What's in it?" asked Lilly curiously 

"Hell if I know" said Alice laughing "all I know is its booze and it's good"

Lilly took a long drink from her cup, if it hadn't been for the heat which seemed to be spreading out from her shoulder she never would have known that the drink was anything other then fruit punch so expertly was it made, but she could already feel the heady effects of the alcohol spreading through her system. Not having had much experience with alcohol before Lilly was something of a light weight. The girls stood around chit chatting while they were working on their drinks and by the time she had finished her first drink Lilly already felt light headed and less inhibited so when Alice started dragging her to the dance floor she didn't fight it. The girls started dancing to the fast music grinding their bodies together in the dark room, Alice pulled Lilly's body closer to hers mashing their chests together and pulling her into a deep kiss while grinding their pelvis's together. Another girl came out of the darkness and started grinding on Lilly's other side. Feeling herself pinned between the exotic flesh of the two girls and feeling them rub their bodies on hers she started to get excited. 
