 Jasmine told me that today I would find out how she knew that my Mom would succumb to her advances and also why she knew my Mom would like it. It seems I was not just randomly picked by Jasmine; she was waiting for an opening to approach me. Initially she didn't know how I was going to react but she took a chance any way. What happened was far better than she imagined. We were sitting in Jasmine's living room waiting for her Mom, Lilly, to arrive home with our dinner.

"It real turns you on to service me doesn't it?" Jasmine asked me.

"I don't know why but you make me so horny," I responded, "I enjoy it."

"I don't want you to ever feel that I look down on you for it, as far as I am concerned we are equals, our sex sessions separate from the way I really feel. I don't want to make the same mistake our Moms made," she went on to say, "Our Mothers were roommates when they went to college and your Mom along with her other two roommates treated my Mom like dirt. They made her do all of the cleaning and only talked to her when they were giving orders."

Jasmine continued on to give me a little more background before her Mom got home with our dinner. It appears that Lilly, her Mom, had come from a struggling family and she was the first to be given a chance at attending college. She was totally naïve to the outside world, raised in a small town her whole life, this being her first time away. Even though she was a freshman she found that she was assigned to a room with three seniors, a glitch in the system she was told, and it was the only available room left so unless she could afford a room off-campus this is where she would have to stay.

We were comfortable, snuggling on the couch when her Mom arrived, pizza in hand. Lilly thanked me for coming and said that she wanted to tell me her story so I could understand the real reason she had Jasmine treat my Mom the way she did. The following is the story about Lilly's first year of college as told to us by her....

"I was so excited about being away from home for the first time, so the fact that all of the other freshmen were moving into the other dorms did not seem suspicious to me. I did not even think there was anything wrong when I got to my room and found only a bare mattress on the floor. I did ask my roommates, who were sitting sipping their wine on the couch about it but they said the bed broke and the college did not replace it yet."

"While I was struggling to move my stuff in none of them lifted a finger to help; they just sat there drinking their wine talking amongst each other pretty much ignoring me. I did overhear the blond one say, 'I wish you would hurry up girl the kitchen is a mess after last night's party,' which struck me as funny, if they had the party why would I have to clean it up?"

"I finished moving in quickly since there was no where to store my clothes and I had to keep them in my suitcases for now. When I was done and ready to meet my roommates I was taken aback when instead of offering me their names they just said, 'you can clean the kitchen now, it is a mess.'"

"'What do you mean, 'the kitchen is a mess', why don't you clean it; you had the party not me?' I informed them."

"'How come freshmen are so stupid?' the brunette said, not directing the question to me."

"'Where did this bitch come from any way, Bumfuck, Egypt?' the blond added."

"'Listen young lady, you are the freshmen here and you will be required to keep our room clean, if not there is the door, you can find some where else to live.' The other blond said nonchalantly."

"'This is the only room on campus left and I don't have the money for a place off campus,' I pleaded with them."

"'Well it's settled then, hurry up and get to work on the kitchen,' the blond, Betty I found out, said."

"I started on my way to the kitchen when Julie, the brunette, stopped me, 'Put this on, if you are going to be a maid then you should dress like one,' the other girls giggled."

"The 'French Maid's' outfit they handed me was clearly one size too small and I was so humiliated when I dressed; the outfit barely covered my ass. Determined not to blow my chance at a college education I donned the outfit and once again was stopped before I got started."

"'Come on honey, don't you know any better? Those panties do not go with that outfit; that looks so stupid, take them off and get the kitchen cleaned,' Betty ordered."

"I was almost in tears when I took the panties off and walked head down, past them to the kitchen. I was ignored as I cleaned up the messy kitchen, hearing them giggling and talking in the living room the whole time."

"'Get out here bitch and bring us a bottle of wine. You will find it on the bottom shelf of the refrigerator,' Penny, the other blond, ordered."

"I grabbed the wine and set it on the table for the girls and was about to return to the kitchen when Julie spoke up. 'Ut hmm,' she said, holding up her glass, 'Did you forget something bitch?'"

"Holding my anger back, 'you don't expect me to serve you do you?' I asked."

"'Listen young lady we already told you that you are the freshman here and will be expected to serve us in any manner we see fit, if not there is the door, make your choice, there is a lot of other girls that would love the bedroom,' Betty added."

"I began re-filling there glasses when I suddenly felt my skirt being lifted, exposing my bare ass to them, startling me. 'At least she's got a cute bubble butt,' Julie said as the others laughed at my discomfort."

"'Wow that is pretty cute,' Penny noted."

"'Yaa not like that flat one the last bitch had,' Julie said."

"So apparently I was not the first to fall into their trap, but it did not make me feel any better. I finished cleaning the kitchen and grabbed a wine glass and was about ready to pour myself a drink when I was corrected. 'What do you think you are doing bitch? You can not serve us drunk; there is water in the refrigerator if you are thirsty,' Julie corrected me."

"I went back into the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of water and went to the living room to sit and talk with the girls. When I was about to take a seat in the chair I was stopped abruptly. 'Damn bitch, don't you ever watch TV? Have any of the maids that you see sit with their bosses?' Julie barked, 'Kneel down on the floor, be quiet and wait until we need you again.'"

"I knelt down while the girls chatted, my head down in shame. I hated the situation but thought I did not have a choice, there was no way I could afford to live off campus. For the next couple of hours I kept their glasses full while they partied and laughed away. The constant touches on my ass as I served them was hard to get used to since they took full advantage every time I bent over to cope a feel. Oddly enough I felt happy at the comments they made, they seemed to adore my ass."

"'I need a bath bad, I stink,' Julie said as she smelled her underarms, 'Go and draw me a bubble bath bitch!'"

"I found everything I needed to get the bath ready and I immediately started the water running. The tub was soon full and ready for Julie so I called her. Things went from bad to worse when Julie just looked at me and very sternly instructed me, 'Well....just what are you waiting for? Undress me bitch!' tapping her foot on the floor."

"'What are you talking about, undress you, can't you do it yourself?' I asked totally confused."

"'I could bitch but since you are here I think you should help,' she put her arms up directing me to remove her tee shirt."

"I was awed a little when her pert tits showed; she didn't wear a bra, as the shirt came off. I couldn't help but admire her tanned legs when I pulled her shorts down; I had to admit she had a nice body. She was down to only panties and I hesitated, hoping she would take them off herself, but that was not going to be, 'Well bitch what are you waiting for? Take off my panties before the water gets cold,' I was told"

"I reached up to put my fingers inside the elastic band of the panties on each hip and pulled them off. She stepped out of them and went to sit in the warm bubble bath."

"I thought that I was done and turned to leave when, 'Get on with it bitch, here is the sponge,' Julie handed me the sponge. It was obvious by her behavior that I was expected to bath her."

"I used the sponge on her back until it was clean then moved on to her chest. I was startled to find that her nipples were very hard; was she getting excited? I moved to her legs, starting at her feet and wiped them clean. When I was rubbing her pussy and ass it seemed she was enjoying this a little more than I thought she should but I continued any way. When Julie was done I was instructed to do the same to the other girls. I noticed that all the girls reacted the same way while I did this, with Betty even closing her eyes and moaning a little as I went about my task. The procedure continued until all the women were clean, sitting in the living room again."

"I cleaned the bathroom and went into the living room when, 'you will find our breakfast orders, and times to have them ready, in a note on the refrigerator; I suggest you read it before going to bed,' Betty said to me."

"The girls then got up and made their way to their bedrooms, leaving me the wine glasses to clean up. While in the kitchen I read the breakfast orders finding them all simple things; coffee and toast...6 am, just coffee...6:15 am, two eggs over easy, toast and OJ...7 am. I finished cleaning up and took a short shower before departing to my bedroom, if you could call it that; a mattress on the floor. This was not turning out as I had expected but still I was happy to be going to college. I was the first one in our family able to do so and I was determined not to ruin it."

"I settled into the situation, playing maid to these girls, not saying anything to anyone due to my embarrassment. Other than the fact that I was expected to wear the maid's uniform, I was left to concentrate on my schoolwork during the week, only being their sexual toy on weekends. This allowed me to be on the honor roll every semester. Good thing the girls didn't realize how smart I was otherwise I would have been made to do their homework too. Back in those days whites and blacks did not integrate as well as they do now so being one of the few black girls there I did not have any friends, leaving me without a social life. I took advantage of my free time studying, even adding two more courses to my schedule each semester, which let me finish my degree in three years instead of four."

"When I entered the room I was expected to strip and put on the maids outfit no matter who was there, luckily the girls didn't have many visitors. I did think that it was funny that as pretty as they were none of them had boyfriends, but I would find out later why that was, they were lesbians."

"It was a month later when all the real shit started happening. The girls were hitting the wine a lot heavier than usual. They were all drunk, giggling like schoolgirls when Julie pulled out a big dildo to show the other girls. The other girls pretended that they didn't know what it was and demanded she show them how to use it, 'Get over here bitch, we need a volunteer to help us,' all the girls laughed loudly, 'Come on, strip and get over here!'"

"I froze in place, they can not be serious, but then, 'Well bitch you heard me, get them clothes off and get over here!' Julie said loudly."

"I didn't know what else to do, I knew if I refused them I would be kicked out of the room so I stripped and walked slowly over to them. 'Sit your sweet little bubble butt down here,' Betty said indicating a seat on the couch between Julie and her."

"No sooner than my ass hit the couch my knees were crudely spread apart exposing my pussy to them."

"Julie held the dildo to my lips, 'Trust me you want to give it a wet blow job, it will go in easier that way.'"

"I opened my mouth and allowed Julie to fuck it with the dildo, doing my best to lubricate it with as much spit as I had. In and out she shoved it into my mouth, choking me on a couple occasions invoking giggles from the girls."

"'Damn the bitch is good, look at her take it! I wouldn't be surprised if she even likes it. Do you like sucking it bitch?' Julie continued her assault, filling my mouth so I could only mumble a response."

"I felt the hand on my thigh before I knew it was Betty, 'Look at this, the bitch is getting wet! You really like this bitch?' her finger now ran up and down my pussy lips, spreading the juices that I could not stop, my body betrayed me."

"I could not stop the loud moan that escaped my lips when I felt Betty's fingers enter my wet pussy, driving in deep. 'Oh yaa the bitch is soaking wet,' she held the fingers up to Penny's lips."

"'Umm the bitch tastes good,' Penny moaned when she sucked Betty's finger clean."

"'Does that mean you want to volunteer to get her pussy ready then?' Betty asked Penny."

"'Sure I can do that,' and Penny went to her knees in between mine and let her tongue stroke the inside of my thighs as it made its way to my pussy. This is when I realized that these girls were lesbians."

"The combination of her tongue on my pussy and this dildo invading my mouth sent shivers through my body, 'Umm...umm,' I knew my moaning would only egg them on but there was no way to stop it."

"Betty then focused her attention on my tits, groping and slapping them, 'Bitch has got some nice tits too, look at how long these nipples are,' as she twisted one."

"My mouth remained open after the dildo was removed, a fact not missed by Julie, 'I guess we need to find something to keep your mouth occupied with while we play with your pussy,' her fingers entered my mouth, 'Any ideas ladies?'"

"Betty grabbed me by the hair and pulled my face into her pussy, 'That should keep the bitch busy...Lick my pussy good bitch!' I have never been with women before; this was all new to me."

"'Penny you are going to have to get your face out of her pussy if you want to see how to use this thing,' Julie said referring to the dildo."

"Reluctantly Penny removed her mouth and knelt back, 'Okay but after we get the bitch hot I want another chance, the bitch is tasty.' With that Julie laughed."

"'Damn someone taught this bitch well, her tongue feels terrific,' Betty uttered. This made me shine inside, for some off-beat reason. I was happy I could please Betty and make her pussy feel as good as mine did, especially since this was my first time ever licking a pussy."

"'Bitch has got a nice tight pussy too,' Julie injected."

"'So wet too, I think the bitch likes this,' Penny said in between her attacks. Right then I knew she was right as I loved all the attention I was receiving."

"Penny had returned to my pussy, attacking the clit while Julie fucked me fast and furious with the dildo. In and out it went while Penny engulfed my clit, taking it in between her lips, sucking hard and flicking it over and over again with her tongue. It was a minute or two before I noticed that it was only Penny's tongue in my pussy now, the dildo gone."

"'I want to see this,' Betty said pulling my face out of her pussy and pushing it down on the couch seat. I felt them turn me over so I was kneeling in front of the couch, my ass on display for them. I turned my head to see that the dildo was now fastened to a strap, sticking out menacingly in front of Julie."

"'Suck my cock bitch,' Julie ordered as the dildo was now caressing my lips, 'and do a good job! Take it all the in way bitch,' she drove it further into my mouth, choking me."

"'Looks like the bitch has some experience, she's good, takes a lot more than our last bitch,' Betty said leaving me a good feeling knowing I was better than the last girl."

"'I'll bet this bitch wants it in her cunt,' Penny spoke up, 'Do you want it in your cunt bitch? Yaa that's right you black bitches have cunts, only white ladies have pussies.'"

"'Well do you want to get fucked bitch? Do you want this dildo in that tight cunt of yours?' Julie asked even though I knew I had no choice in the matter."

"'Speak up bitch, do you want it?' Betty asked."

"'Umm......yes..... I.........want....... to......be..... fucked,' I said as my mouth was being pummeled."

"'Where do you want it bitch?' Julie slowed enough for me to answer."

"'In my cunt, I want it in my cunt,' I screamed, caught up in the moment."

"My eyes shot wide open when I heard Julie say, 'One of these days I'm going to take this bitch's anal virginity.' I was happy that Betty had the strap-on on now."

"The girls alternated between fucking me with the strap-on, having me eat their pussies and abusing my tits, slapping them and twisting the nipples for the next hour and a half. I was on my back with a pussy grinding into my face while being fucked or with my face buried in a pussy, getting fucked doggy style. I was lapping away like a dog in heat through the whole ordeal. There was something erotic about being here in between these girls and I was lost in all of the sensations flowing through me then, it all felt so good."

"During the week I was left alone to do my own thing after the dinner dishes were put away, but on Friday and Saturday nights I was their play toy, to be used and abused. Julie was the worse of all three ladies, that's why I paid her back first and saved your Mom for last, but that's another story for another day."

"I made the mistake of telling Julie she should slow down her drinking, 'Don't you think you should slow down Julie, you almost fell out of your seat,' I pointed out after she fell back onto the couch."

"'Damn it bitch, why did you go and do that?' slurring her words, 'Now we have to re-establish your position here. Go wait in the shower for me!'" 

"I was stunned, not knowing what was about to happen since Julie was the hot head and she was quite drunk now. I looked pleadingly at the other two but they just looked the other way, I was on my own. I went to the bathroom and waited, standing by the tub."

"'Lay down in the tub bitch, time for a refresher lesson,' she demanded."

"I got down in the tub, frightened; Julie hasn't ever been this drunk. Just then the stream of piss landed on my tits, splashing up onto my face."

"'Listen good black bitch, the only reason we let you stay here is because you make a good maid.' She directed here piss to my lips, 'Then you go and get all uppity trying to tell me when I can or can not drink.' I felt the warm liquid running all over my body. 'You will not tell me what to do any more, do you understand me bitch?'"

"'I understand and it will never happen again, I'm sorry,' I spit out."

"'That's better bitch, remember your place from now on!' She finished relieving herself and just before she turned to go she turned on the cold water, 'Clean up bitch then get your ass out there and fill my drink!' She returned to her place on the couch, stumbling the whole way."

"Luckily for me Julie passed out after her next drink, not to be heard of for the rest of the night. Penny and Betty kept me busy though, one fucking me with the strap-on while my face was buried in the others pussy, lapping away."

"There were a few advantages about living there though, on campus I was treated like I was a senior; allowed to get in front of the lunch line, the door was always held open for me and other small things like that. The biggest advantage was the fact that I was able to complete my degree in three years instead of the normal four. I was restricted from having a social life so that left plenty of time to complete my classes, even adding two more to my schedule."

"After I heard Lilly's story I understood my Mom's need to be humiliated; it was her way of forgiving herself for the way they treated Lilly, now it was her turn to be on the receiving end."
