 This story was co-authored by a good friend of mine, who wants to be referred to as Giggles. She wrote most of the parts that don't involve sex. 

*

"Ugh, my feet hurt. Maybe Greg will rub them when I get home..." I pulled into the driveway and turned off the car. I don't remember if I even grabbed my bag or not, as soon as I walked in the door I saw them. First I looked at the guy on my couch. "Who the hell is that? ...Oh. Oh hell no." I guess Greg wasn't planning on rubbing my feet when I got home. He was a little busy. Sucking some fuck's dick. On my fucking couch.

"What the fuck is this?"

"Mmmslurpwha? Oh. Um. Lily.."

I walked out. I walked out of the room, into our bedroom, and slammed the door. I put my dirtiest suitcase on the bed, OUR bed, the bed we made love on and slept together in. That fucking asshole. I threw a pile of shirts, jeans, and sweatpants in, kicked off my heels, put on my boots and grabbed my coat and purse. That fucking ASSHOLE. I grabbed my bag and stormed out. The guy I didn't know was still on my couch, sheepishly looking at the ground. Greg was standing up and fiddling with his hands.

"Lil, come on, let's talk about this."

I looked at him in pure revulsion, and slammed the door. I threw my bag in the backseat and called my sister.

"Jenna. I need a room. Tonight. The biggest, nicest, comfiest room with a huge-ass bed and a fireplace and I'll need skis and a mask and a bottle of fucking champagne in my room. This is me calling in the favor you owe me for doing your 9th grade Bio project."

"Lily? What the hell is going on? What's wrong?"

"Later. I love you. Thanks babe."

I hung up. 

"Shit, is my 50 Cent CD still in here?" It was. Damn, my car had good bass. The drive up to the resort wasn't too bad. 

"I think 50 cent would think my ass is hot. He'd think my ass is hot, right? I have a big ass. It's nice. Yeah, 50 cent would like it. I'm hot. I'm hot, right?"

"Lily, shut up."

I was babbling. In my own head. Finally I got to the resort and called my sister again.

"Jenna, I'm here."

"I got your room babe. But you owe me an explanation."

"You'll get one. Don't worry. Just.. later."

I picked up my keycard at the front desk and took the elevator.

"5th floor. Sweet."

My room was all the way at the end of the hall.

"Should be a nice view... What fresh hell?"

My room key didn't work. I tried it backwards, slowly, fast, held it in for 5 seconds.

"Fuckin' aye."

Then she walked up. She smiled at me, but I was kind of busy trying not to stare at her.

"Since when the hell do you check out girls?"

I was probably standing there smiling, looking like an idiot. She slipped her room key in and frowned. She tried again, slowly. For once, I liked the sound of that little beep and the red light.

"Is yours not working either? I've been trying for 5 minutes.."

"Yeah that's weird! Maybe they're switched?"

We exchanged keys and tried again. Miraculously, both doors clicked open.

"Oh that was easy. My name's Celia."

"Damn what a beautiful name." 

"I'm Lily. I'm so glad you came when you did, I would've been stuck out here until you came along. Or I would've just had a key to your room instead of mine!"

I laughed like a fucking hyena. God I was stupid.

"Maybe that wouldn't be such a bad thing."

Or maybe I wasn't that stupid..

"Ahah. Ahahaha. Um. I like your bag! I was going to buy the gym bag like that.. but.. um.."

God I sounded like an idiot. We were standing out in the hallway, room doors wide open, staring at each other. But, was it just me or..?

"Thanks! I have that gym bag actually... Do you want to stop over and see it? Maybe?"

Nope, not just me.

"Uh yeah I'd like that."

I smiled. She smiled. Oh god I'd have to change my panties before I went over.

"Let me just unpack a little and I'll be right over.. Is that okay?"

"Yeah sure!"

I walked into my room and closed the door. My knees wobbled. God she was fucking gorgeous. Since when were girls gorgeous?? I mean I'd seen my friends naked and maybe kissed a couple on the cheek when I was drunk, but what the fuck was this? I quickly unpacked, slipped on a tank top and yoga pants, gave her 5 more minutes to unpack herself, grabbed my room key and walked over. I squeaked involuntarily as I knocked on her door. 

She opened right away. Oh god, she'd been waiting for me.

"Hey! Do you want some tea?"

"Oh yeah I'd love some!"

I walked in and sat on her couch. Her room looked a lot like mine, big, with a couch and a TV and a fireplace (which was on. Oof.) and a big kingsize bed.

"Oh my god oh my god oh my god what the fuck is wrong with me why am I staring at her butt oh my god"

"So, Lily, right? Are you here with someone, or..?"

"Yeah! Oh, um, no, my sister actually owns the place, I came up because I walked in on my boyfriend cheating on me and I needed to get away..."

"Oh. Word vomit. Cute. Why am I telling her everything? Why the hell does she make me feel so comfortable? What the hell is going on??"

"Oh my gosh, that sucks. I'm so sorry honey."

"She called me honey. Bluhh. I can't think. Um."

"It's fine. I just need to get my mind off things."

"Well, how about tea and a movie? I mean, if you want to..."

"I'd love to!"

She brought over the tea cups and set them down, sitting next to me. She was really close to me.

"Aren't you cold hun? Let me grab a blanket."

She stood on her tip toes to get the blanket from the top shelf of the closet. Damn her ass was tight. She brought it over and sat next to me again. She turned on the TV and looked through the movies.

"What movie do you want to watch?"

"Anything, really, whatever you want. So.. are you here alone?"

"Okay! No, my brother's staying here too, we're hanging out together this week. He's coming up tomorrow though, he has the room next door."

"That's nice. Better reason than mine I guess..."

"Honey I'm so sorry. Gosh your shoulders look tense... I'm a sports trainer, not a crazy person, I promise, ahaha! Mind if I take a look?"

"Mmm sure.. I mean uh, yeah. Sure!" I smiled like a crazy person. 

"Oh my god she's rubbing my shoulders. I can smell my own wet pussy. Fuck."

"Mmm you're really tense... can I do it a little harder? Let me know if it's hurting you..."

"Uhh no that feels great... Oh my god that's perfect, right there..."

I looked at her. Her green eyes sparkled back from under her mane of soft-looking chocolate brown hair. She didn't even make me feel inferior, she just made my thick red hair and light blue eyes feel more beautiful on my own body as she stared into them. She lightly touched my cheek and turned my face towards her. I leaned in and closed my eyes, and she pressed her soft lips against mine.

She pulled back and I almost screamed in frustration.

"I-I am so sorry Lily I don't kno-" 

I took the initiative this time, sliding my hands around the sides of her neck and pulling her in to kiss me. She didn't even try to pull away a second time.

In that kiss I put all the pent up passion from every year I'd been with Greg. With any man. All my life I'd denied this side of me, and Celia was to be the outlet for that.

My hands left her neck and found the bottom of her shirt. As I tried to lift it up she pulled away and giggled, biting her lip as she lifted it over her head and exposed her gorgeous breasts. They almost seemed to defy gravity the way they stuck out from her chest, and the tone on the rest of her body showed that she clearly worked out. If she hadn't pushed me down on the bed I would have admired her body for hours.

As it were, she had different ideas. Now on top of me, her soft lips pressed against mine again, this time more fiercely. Her lips wrapped around my lower lip, sucking it into her mouth where she chewed on it playfully.

I felt like a teenager. I blushed when her hands found the top of my yoga pants. And blushed harder when she slid her hand between my leg. 

She blushed when she could feel my dampness and the clear outline of my labia through them.

"No panties?" She asked, obviously pleased.

"Never." I smiled as her eyes widened, and took that as my opportunity to show her what else I wasn't wearing.

I wiggled out from under her and slowly pulled my top off. Milky white skin appearing inch by inch as i slowly spun in place, so by the time I pulled it over my head my back was to her. I could practically feel her staring at my ass. 

When I was a teenager I learned the power of my backside. And I also learned how wet it made me to show it off. As I bent over to pull down my yoga pants, she audibly moaned. I stepped out of my pants and, with the final traces of hesitation melting away, turned around. 

The sight of her eyes on my naked body almost made me cum right there. I could see her eyes following my curves. See her hand between her now naked legs stroking her nether-lips. 

I fucking pounced on her. My hands had minds of their own as they explored her tight body. And my pussy was a fucking waterfall when her hands returned the favor. She cupped my breasts, handling them with a delicacy no man had ever even tried to use. Her thumbs dragging across my rock hard nips. 

Our whimpers and the scent of hot cunt filled the room as she rolled me over and spread my legs. She gave my mostly bald sex a little kiss before locking her legs with mine, pressing our pussies together and drawing a gasp from both our lips. Her hips rocked up and down and I tried to follow the rhythm. 

"This girl is so skilled holy-"

"FUCK"

She cried out, jamming her cunt against me with all the force her toned body could muster and clearly cumming.

The feeling of her spasming body pressed against me drove me to work even harder, wanting to extend her orgasm and bring on mine. By the end of it we were both screaming. 

Finally we collapsed on the bed, spent. She crawled up my body and kissed me, panting as she laid her head on my heaving chest. I had the best sleep of my whole life, with Celia laying with me.

And now I'm here, standing in the rooms bathroom, staring in the mirror and being for the first time in my life, truly romantically happy.

In my daydreaming I hadn't heard the door open, so I kind of squeaked when she wrapped her arms around my waist, pressed her front against my back, and kissed my neck. 

"Good morning beautiful," She whispered.