 Lily and Jen have been talking online for a month or so. They talked about meeting. Lily had a deadline for a project at work and had been stressed for the last two weeks. So Jen texted her at the final day of the deadline at lunch time. "Did you make it? And do you think it will be soon time to meet?" Lily just finished the project and was leaving after taking the rest of the day off. Her cellphone vibrated in her pocket. She smiled when she saw the message. 

She was worried about the height difference with Jen. Lily was 5 foot 3 inches on a good day with shoes on. She had long brown hair and brown eyes. A nice shapely body. Her breasts were not huge, but proportionate to her size. As a C cup she couldn't complain. Jen on the other hand was 5 foot 8 inches tall. Short blonde hair, brown eyes, with long legs and big breasts. From the pictures she had sent Lily she looked to be a DD cup. 

Lily admitted they were both beautiful in different ways. They both were in their 40s, Jen early, and she mid. But Jen seemed a little inexperienced, and Lily had was an exhibitionist at heart. Jen had said she could handle that. Lily wondered if she could or if she just said it to make her happy. The times they talked along with the pictures had made time fly until the assignment she had landed on her desk. The rushed timeline was due to an unexpected death in her department. If she wowed with the job then she would get a promotion. If not she ran the risk of being fired. But she took it because she wanted a better paycheck. So now it was done and turned in.

This being the beginning of her vacation. She texted Jen back "Hey Jen. Finished job and need a good way to unwind." Jen's response only took a minute "See you soon" Lily made her way home. She changed into a short black skirt that showed everything when she bent over, and a tight red blouse without a bra. She put on her shoes with a bit of a platform giving her a two inch boost. And set off for the market. 

Lily enjoyed bending over in the shopping center in front of a man and woman. She loved watching the shock and desire on their faces. She didn't buy anything after a bit and decided to wander around looking at the sidewalk sales going on that day. The tension was easing some from all the prior stress and left her a little out of it. She didn't see the blonde following behind her. As they neared the end of the strip mall she heard her name. She turned to see Jen standing behind her. 

Jen smiled down at Lily. "MMM, you look good playing red riding hood. Can I be your big bad wolf and eat you up?" Lily laughed at this. Jen leaned in and placed a slow sensual kiss on Lily's lips. She grabbed the shorter woman's hand and leaned in to whisper in her ear "Sorry about the line. But do you trust me enough to take you in the alley behind the shops here?" Lily nodded at Jen not really understanding the question. The idea of what Jen had actually said sank in as she was lead down the alleyway. 

Jen disappeared for a moment and came back with a milk crate. She helped Lily on top of it. Jen got behind her and began kissing her behind her ears and kissing and nipping her neck. She slowly unbuttoned Lily's red blouse. She trailed her hands over Lily's stomach to her breasts. She opened the shirt wide and whispered "Look up sweetheart" As Lily's eye trailed upwards she noticed the building she was facing was the backside of an apartment complex with fire escapes on this side. She saw maybe a dozen pairs of eye peering through the windows. 

Jen played with Lily's breasts in an almost rough manner. Jen's rough hands were quickly building the sexual tension up between her legs. She felt the trail of liquid slide down her inner thighs. Looking at the lust in the eyes peaking out of the windows sent her over the edge. She moaned "Jen" loudly as she came. 

Jen nipped Lily's neck and held a small bit of skin between her teeth as she continued the breast play. Lily came again as Jen released the skin to tell Lily to cum for her. The people had started to come out on their fire escapes to watch the show the two lovers were putting on. 

Jen's left hand slid down Lily's stomach and rubbed her inner thighs. She slid Lily's short skirt up to her hips then began running her fingers around the outside of Lily's labia. Jen ran her middle finger up Lily's wet throbbing slit. She lightly brushed the clit before burying the finger in Lily's wetness. If she had been listening she would have heard the sounds of the others watching beginning to masterbate to the scenes before them. 

Jen's put her thumb momentarily in to Lily. She used the wetness on her thumb as lube over the swollen clit. She pushed two more fingers inside Lily and curved them finding the g spot. She rubbed Lily's clit as she continued to rapidly finger the g spot. Her other hand was busy rubbing all over Lily's torso. Lily moaned and tried to buck as she neared her orgasm. Jen's arms held her in place as the eruption started. She eased her fingers out of Lily and stuck them in Lily's mouth. Lily sucked greedily at the fingers. 

Jen moved in front of Lily. She caressed Lily's face and tilted her face up. She hungrily kissed the taste of Lily's flavor from her lips. She placed soft kisses on Lily's face and jawline. Jen leaned in and asked "Are you ready for more, or are you too sensitive right now?" Lily got the word "More" out as Jen kissed her way down to Lily's beautiful breasts. Jen sucked and licked around the breasts briefly before kissing down to Lily's pubic mound. The trimmed hair tickled her nose as she breathed in the scent of Lily. The arousal, and the scent of her cum almost put Jen in a frenzy. She took a deep breath before she began licking at the cum from Lily's inner thighs and pussy. She kissed the outer and inner lips before running her flattened tongue up Lily's center. She repeated twice before stopping at the clit. She flicked her tongue at the hood. Jen smiled for a second as she felt Lily grab her head. She sucked the small node inside her mouth and began using the underside of her tongue to run caress it. 

Lily moaned and began digging her fingers in Jen's scalp. Jen pushed in two digits into Lily's folds. Again she curved them finding the magical spot. She continued her assault until Lily screamed "OH Jen, Oh God I am cumming." Lily squirted with this last orgasm.

Jen lapped up the fluids from Lily before she stood up. She helped Lily from the milk crate and down the alley. They heard the roar of clapping and cheers as they left. "Which way to your house?" Jen asked. Lily did her best to give directions, but the post orgasm feeling and the stress relief had wore her down. Lily didn't remember getting home, or climbing in bed. She awoke to the sight of red roses on her dresser. The card when opened said "Lily, I hope you feel much better. Next time you get to take care of my fantasy. See you soon. Jen xx"

As Lily went to take a shower she looked in the mirror. She checked her neck to see if the nipping Jen had done had left any marks when she was satisfied there were none on her neck she went to step in the shower, and something red caught her attention. On her inner right thigh was a hickey. She smiled and shook her head.