 * * * WARNING * * * 

All the actors in this script are of legal age, but may portray maturing young adults. This is a work of adult fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy my story!


FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a number of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of very erotic reading that will appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for anyone visiting Literotica. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirt mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category. Many of these chapters could go into many different categories.

For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd expect a totally hetero reader to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between sister's. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. LOL

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is now instantly deleted without being read, so why waste your time and mine - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S


This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.


* * * * * 


Chapter 8 - Sisters Never See The Movie 

The following weekend was the first chance the girls found to discuss what transpired last Saturday night. The next morning they'd been rousted to go to church, the rest of the day they'd been dragged around to meals or visiting relatives. Between homework, softball practice and chores, the girls didn't get to spend much time together during the week.

Friday and Saturday they were often joined at the hip, they'd even help each other with chores so they could be together. That Friday night, after the house had gotten quiet, they finally managed to sneak up on the subject of last weekend. Beth eventually asked how Lynn had gotten the courage to start touching herself with Beth being right beside her. Lynn, at length, confessed about seeing Fred in the hayloft.

Beth deviled her sister for every last detail. She surprised herself; instead of feeling angry about Fred, it made her unbelievable horny to think about some boy getting all excited by just looking at her. That he'd gotten hard, then played with his dick until he shot sperm all over the place amazed her. Beth got very wet listening to Lynn's adventure. Nonetheless she insisted that Lynn relate every minute observation again, leaving nothing out.

Lynn really got into the story too. Her eyes glazed a bit, her mind could still replay the scene in photographic detail for her. Lynn started getting wet. The more questions and answers that were exchanged, the wetter and more horny both girls got. A lot of "If only's" and "I want's" and "If only I could's" were exchanged. Suddenly Lynn whispered "I don't know about you, but I want to get off, NOW!" Beth grinned ear-to-ear. Both nighties flew off. The girl's both laid back, closed their eyes, spread their legs and proceeded to seek the relief only an orgasm can bring.

Even though that night, and many others thereafter, they just masturbated, it was still way more fun than it used to be doing it all alone. There was something neat about doing it together, hearing each others breathing, and the scent of sex that would fill the room. They almost always came within in seconds of each other.

A few weeks later, the girls went to the Drive In the next county with their parents. Jimmy had planned to spend the night at my house, so he'd begged out of going. It was a just fluff comedy. The girls had never heard of it, but they were game. Their folks seemed to enjoy it, but neither sister was getting much out the flick.

Beth and Lynn whispered and giggled back a forth steadily as the movie progressed. Beth said she wished there were boys in the car instead of parents. Looks, giggles, and sighs were exchanged. The second feature was supposed to be scary, but the dialog was silly. The monster was obviously a guy in a very fake looking rubber suit. Their parents appeared to have fallen asleep 5 minutes into the picture.

Beth's imagination had been running wild with Drive In fantasies ever since they'd arrived. She was as horny as she could possibly be. Beth leaned over to Lynn's ear and whispered, " Do you still wish you were here with a boy tonight?" "God, yes!" she hissed back. Then close your eyes, and for God's sake don't make a sound to wake our folks!"

Lynn had no idea what Beth was up to, but she was game. Following orders, she leaned back and closed her eyes. The first thing she felt was Beth breathing on the side of her face, a moment later Beth's tongue was playing in her ear. Lynn went limp as a balloon with its air let out. It felt absolutely divine. Beth kept it up for several minutes before moving down to her neck. She used her tongue and lips to make little pleasure trails from one sensitive place to another.

Lynn felt a hand move across her stomach. It wandered aimlessly around while Beth continued kissing her throat. Lynn decided to play along as best she could, she did her best to fantasize that it was some good looking, nameless boy that was doing this to her, she suspended reality. It was HIS hand that just slid teasingly across the top of her skirt and across hers mons. HIS hand that was running back up across her stomach. She shivered as HIS hand slid over her left breast and began to fondle it so nicely.

She was being kissed, a tongue teased at her lips. Lynn allowed her chin to drop, she felt hot breath enter her mouth. Tension built as she awaited HIS tongue, but the mouth had moved to the little hollow at the base of her neck. Lynn felt the hand gently undoing the button between her breasts; her heart began to race even faster. She felt her pussy getting very, very moist; it was becoming hard to sit still. HIS hand slipped inside her blouse and played with her breasts through the silky material encasing each orb. Now her nipples were getting special attention; the gentle pumping and rolling was causing them to send intense waves of pleasure throughout her body.

Lynn felt weak. Her breathing had become shallow. She had slumped down in her seat, legs splaying somewhat apart. Her hips had involuntarily begun a barely noticeable circular motion. She sucked in a deep breath as she felt her left cup pulled down exposing that single breast. The hand that quickly enclosed it felt so very warm. Then the hand was gone. Where? Oh, there it is, unbuttoning one more button. Then the hand was slipping around her shoulder.

Beth slid her left arm around Lynn's neck. Her hand was able to slip inside Lynn's partially open blouse and gently grip her exposed left breast. She glanced for the umpteenth time at the front seat to assure herself that their folks were still sawing wood. Seeing no movement, she leaned into Lynn to give her mouth a few more wet kisses.

Beth slid her right hand onto Lynn's right breast, beginning a slow steady fondling through her blouse. Just when Lynn opened to receive her tongue, Beth pulled back Lynn's blouse exposing her bare left breast. Beth lowered her head to Lynn's blood engorged nipple, suckling for all she was worth. Lynn inhaled sharply, but quietly.

Ever since the night Lynn had sucked her nipples so tenderly, bringing on a still vivid orgasm, Beth had wanted to know what it had been like for Lynn. Beth also wanted to share the heavenly sensations she'd felt when Lynn's mouth had tantalized her virgin breasts. She was still a little shy about their bodies, but eventually worked up the nerve for this experiment.

God, she was glad she'd done it. Lynn's nipple felt wonderful in her mouth. It had a warmth, softness, and texture like nothing Beth had ever experienced. As puffy as it had been, the areola had swollen further as she licked and sucked upon this beautiful breast.

Beth knew about where Lynn was from recent experience. It was time. If her folks awoke before Lynn got off she'd really suffer. Her right hand slid off Lynn's breast, journeying downward.

HIS hand slid down her stomach, onto her skirt until it was just barely above her throbbing pussy. Then it teased her by moving to the right until it slid down her leg. HIS hand found the hem of her skirt, slid under it. The torture of the hand moving with painful slowness towards its goal was exquisite. Lynn had never felt another's hand between her legs; the anticipation had her near fainting. Her legs spread further without conscious thought. She was producing fluids like never before. Her clit was pushing against the silky panty material; the tiniest contact jolted her senses. HIS hand covered her pussy and quickly began a rapid, tight circular massage. Lynn came like she'd never come before.

Some deep sense of self-preservation kept her quiet, but not so quiet that Beth couldn't hear the staccato shuddering in Lynn's shallow, rapid breaths. Lynn's left hand flew to her lap, through her skirt she pressed Beth's hand tightly against her spasming pussy. Her hips had taken control away from her; they moved of their own accord, but were still careful not to betray her. They shivered against Beth's hand like someone freezing, doing dozens of half-inch jumps into their source of pleasure.

The girls were so alike that Beth instinctually knew when to gradually slow down her movements between Lynn's leg, how to incrementally wean herself from Lynn's teat. Beth lay her head against Lynn's chest after a bit, thrilling to the sound of her heart and breathing.

When is seemed as if Lynn was beginning to catch her breath a bit, Beth glanced to the front seat to assure herself they were still unobserved. Her right hand was still very, very slowly massaging Lynn's panties. She sat up, looked into Lynn's face. Lynn pulled Beth to her. Her mouth opened as she drove her tongue forcefully into Beth's mouth. She gave her sister a kiss laden with passion and love.

Beth slid her hand out from under Lynn's skirt, but back onto the still uncovered breast. She engaged in a little more fondling during the lengthy kiss. Finally Beth pulled the cup back into place. She whispered into Lynn's ear "So, Sis how was your date tonight?"

Lynn whispered back, "I'll let you know later."

The movie was going to end soon; the monster was getting fried in some hokey trap. Lynn quickly redid her 2 buttons, then waited for their folks to wake up when the other cars started leaving.

About 15 minutes later they were headed for home.

The girls had trouble keeping a straight face when the Dad asked them about the second movie, wanting to know if he'd missed anything. Lynn was cool, "Greedy businessman, pollution, radiation, monster lives, army fails, scorned scientist has an idea, monster dies, world is safe." They all had a better laugh over her joke than anytime during the comedy film.

"Dad, I'm going to lay down and try to sleep. No sudden turns, OK?"

"Sure thing Cupcake," came his reply.

Lynn whispered to Beth. You look sleepy, Sis. Your turn to take orders. Lie down facing me when I get settled."

Beth obeyed, but couldn't guess what Lynn was planning. Lynn reclined facing forward. Beth lay facing her as ordered. Lynn slid her left arm under Beth's head giving her a pillow, allowing Lynn to keep her from falling. For a few moments the sisters just looked at each other smiling. They knew Mom would glance back a couple times to make sure they were OK, so it would be too risky to kiss.

Finally, Lynn whispered. "I love you Beth. I also owe you something." Lynn slid her right hand across to Beth's left leg to gently pull it on top of her own leg. A little pressure from Lynn sent the message "Leave your leg here." Lynn moved slightly. Suddenly her hand was cupping Beth's pussy perfectly through her soft, if damp, panties. Beth sighed until there was no air left to exhale.

Lynn started a slow, gentle massage of her sister's heretofore untouched pussy. They stared into each other's eyes the entire way home with a few exceptions. Beth quietly came against Beth's hand about every 5 to 1o minutes during the hour's drive. Lynn never once stopped her gentle manipulations under Beth's skirt. There were no mind blowing, earth shattering orgasms, just sweet gentle releases. By the time they arrived at home, Beth was feeling the way she did after a huge Thanksgiving dinner.

That night, without a word being spoken, two smiling girls climbed naked into Lynn's bed, then into each other's arms. They slept like rocks.

* * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. The Journey continues with Chapter 9.