 Lily's phone vibrated in her pocket as the meeting ended. She ignored it as she left the conference room she was trying to decide what she wanted for lunch. She missed hearing from Jen. They had a wonderful time for the week they had been together. Once it had ended there had been no promises of future meetings. 

To be truthful to herself Lily missed a lot about Jen, but waking in the bed without her was the worst. Jen had went out of her way to pamper Lily with the little things, breakfast in bed, roses, orgasms every morning. The list of things Jen did while they were together seemed endless. But like all good things it had to end and reality had to set in. The vacation was over. They were supposed to go back to their spouses. 

Lily sighed as she made it to her desk. She pulled out her phone to see who had texted her. To her surprise the number was blocked. She read the text "Come to the office that was to be yours." Lily looked around at the empty office and knew the guy who took her position was out sick. Curiosity was killing her. Who sent the message? And why?

Lily cautiously walked into the office. She looked at the office that should have been hers. The big windows showed views of several other offices, and the traffic of the surrounding blocks. A large desk bare of any paperwork or any personal effects. One corner was occupied by a walled in bathroom complete with a big shower stall. She glanced away from the bathroom's open door to sweep the office once more.

Lily's breath caught at the sight of Jen entering the office door. The evil smile playing upon the blonde's face brought a smile to Lily's face as well. The two had not seen each other for a few weeks. Lily had been busy since her return from the vacation they took together.

Jen looked the same her short blonde hair, brown eyes, and seductive smile. Her five foot eight inch tall frame, with DD cup breasts. A curvy body meant for sex. They seemed mismatched to Lily's five foot three inch height. Her brown hair, and warm brown eyes. Her C cups, and she was trimmed rather than shaved as Jen was. Jen had proven she was more than she said over their week together. 

Here Jen stood smiling at Lily once more, sending a shiver of want down Lily's body. Jen pointed to the windows. Lily grinned knowing that several offices faced those windows. A tingle of lust surged as she stepped to the window. Jen was behind Lily. Her fingers quickly undoing the buttons on Lily's shirt. She pulled the garment off, and tossed it towards the door. Jen moved in front of Lily. The two started with a gentle, deep, passionate kiss. Jen growled as the kiss became more hungry. 

Jen kissed and nipped from Lily's lips to her jawline. She ran her tongue down Lily's neck to her collarbone. She nibbled the ledge before descending to the cleft between Lily's breasts. 

Jen kissed the mounds exposed above the bra. She slid her hands back behind Lily. Jen unclasped the bra before haphazardly tossing it away. She then began to devour Lily's breasts, starting with the right one. She ran her tongue around the areola, and then over the nipple. She blew on it before sucking the hard nub in her mouth. 

Jen switched breasts, and playfully slapped Lily's ass. "No cumming yet." She growled nipping the outside of the left breast. Lily quivered as Jen assaulted the other breast. Then began to lick, and bite her way down to the top of the skirt. Without ceremony she unbuttoned, and unzipped the skirt before sliding it down Lily's hips. 

Jen paused at Lily's pubic mound, and breathed in deeply the scent of the other woman's arousal. She licked over the pubic bone down to the wet trail on Lily's thigh. She lapped all the juice that covered the inner thighs, and kissed her way back to Lily's sweet pussy.

"Spread your legs wider, and look to see how many are going to be watching you cum for me" Jen said. Lily could do nothing but moan as she saw several people watching from the surrounding buildings. Jen lapped, nipped, and sucked on the outer labia. She repeated with the inner lips. Then ran her tongue from Lily's taint to her clit. 

Jen repeated her actions three time. She stopped the last time at the clit, and began running her tongue around it. Then she felt Lily jump as she sucked it into her mouth. She licked the nub as she slowly pushed two fingers in to Lily's soaking pussy. She curled her fingers, and began battering the button. Lily's fingers dug in her scalp. Lily screamed "Oh, God!! Jen I am cumming!!"

Jen licked all the juices flowing from Lily, and held her upright until the orgasm released her. She then stood up and scooped Lily up in her arms. She carried her to the desk. Jen pushed the chair back with one foot, before setting Lily in it. She smiled at the smaller woman. 

Jen unbuttoned her blouse slowly while Lily's watched. She then unbuttoned and unzipped her own skirt. She let them drop to the floor, and sat on the desk. She twist so her feet were on the arms of the desk chair. Lily gazed at the small white lace undergarments between her, and the prized areas. She bit her lip as she then gazed in Jen's eyes. The lust she saw there made her breath catch. 

Lily started to stand. Jen pushed her back to the chair with her foot. Jen reached behind herself unclasping the bra. She smiled before pushing one of the tanned globes up to her mouth. Lily groaned as she watched Jen take her own hardened nipple in her mouth. She sucked for a moment. Then switched her attention to the other nipple. 

Jen then slid her hand down her stomach, and into her panties. "Shall I take them off for you babe?" She quipped. Lily nodded, and sat with her mouth open. Jen laid back and lifted her hips as she slid the thin lace material off. She rubbed her wet vagina. Lily licked her lips watching the show. She reached up and rubbed Jen's thighs. Jen smiled, and leaned back. She beckoned Lily with a crook of her finger. 

Lily didn't hesitate to climb on top of Jen. She chair shot backwards in her haste. She kissed Jen roughly, as her hands massaged the large breasts. Jen moaned, and shoved Lily's head towards her bosom. Lily sucked the right breast until Jen pushed her towards the left. Jen grunted as Lily ran her hand down to her core. 

Lily shoved three fingers into Jen as she bit down on her nipple. "Oh, fuck! Yes baby." Jen growled. Jen's toes began to curl as she reached her climax. She bucked Lily wildly as she convulsed. Lily released the nipple and went straight to lapping up Jen after she came. The cream from Jen covered her lips and cheeks. Jen kissed and licked her cum off of Lily's face. 

Jen and Lily then lay on top of the desk for several minutes. After their breathing was once again normal they climbed off the desk, and made their way to the shower. 

Jen helped Lily gather her clothes, before she dressed herself again. The two sat and ate a lunch that Jen had pulled from a small refrigerator in a cubbyhole. Jen kissed Lily one last time before slipping away.