 Jude didn't need to get changed before they left. The jeans and red plaid shirt she was already wearing were perfectly suitable for a walk in the country. She did, however, take the time to go upstairs and grab a jacket and, when she returned, the pockets bulged ominously. When they got to Karen's house, they went upstairs to her bedroom. Jude told Karen to wait while she rummaged through the wardrobe, looking for a suitable outfit. Karen's mild suggestion that it might be an idea if she could keep a few clothes, just a small selection, at Jude's house, fell on deaf ears. It wasn't that Jude had actively told Karen that she didn't want it; rather she just ignored any prompting from Karen.

When it came to selecting clothes that were suitable for a brisk walk in the country, Jude was spoilt for choice. Most of what Karen owned was best described as "sensible" and "hardwearing"; there was absolutely nothing that could be described as risqué. However, when Jude found a kilt at the back of the wardrobe she leapt upon it with glee and, matching it with a cotton blouse and a jacket over the top, she insisted that this was the only possible outfit for Karen to wear. Karen, who just saw the kilt as yet another knee length skirt, couldn't see what the fuss was about.

Then it was out of the town and off into the countryside. Jude, a graduate of the police driving course, was competent and experienced behind the wheel. She made short work of the ten miles through the lanes out to Beacon Fell. When they arrived the car park was nearly full, but Jude found a place where a family was just leaving, and pulled into the vacant space they left behind. Once again, she had hardly stopped before she was out and round, opening the door for Karen and helping her out of the car.

As the blip-blip of the remote locking sounded, Jude took Karen by the hand and led her firmly away from the car park. On a Sunday afternoon Beacon Fell is a popular destination but it's spacious enough that, with a little effort, one can get away from the crowds and find some solitude; and it was immediately evident that Jude was prepared to do just that. Her job kept her fit and strong and, as she strode out, Karen had to work quite hard to keep up with her. Jude led them deeper and deeper into the woods and further and further away from the crowds until, maybe a mile or so from the car park, they came upon a quiet clearing where the grass had grown to waist height. With the practiced ease of one used to subduing criminals, Jude led Karen to the centre, tripped her up, caught her as she fell and lowered her to the ground, hiding them from view. Jude used her body to pin down her victim and kissed her long and hard. Karen couldn't have resisted if she'd wanted to and, heaven knows, resistance was the last thing on her mind.

Without breaking from the kiss, Jude reached for Karen's wrists, pulled them above her head and held them firmly together with one hand. Still using her body to keep Karen pinned, she reached between them with her other hand, found the buttons of Karen's blouse and, inevitably, started to open them. As soon as she did so Karen's struggles went from playful to very real.

"Jude, please!" she said, breaking away from the kiss. "We're in public. Anyone might see us."

"You had best keep quiet then if you don't want to attract attention." Jude knew from many previous visits that, even on a busy Sunday, few, if any, visitors to the fell would stray this far off the beaten track and, furthermore, hidden in the long grass, they would be able to hear anyone approaching long before they were seen. It therefore amused her to see the rising panic in Karen's face. Taking her time, she carried on undoing the blouse buttons until they were completely open, and she could push the blouse aside and expose Karen's breasts.

"Umm... you do have the most biteable nipples," Jude said with a grin before leaning forward and taking Karen's left nipple between her teeth.

"Please, Jude, please, you're scaring me." Karen was getting desperate; she tried to free her arms so as to push Jude away.

"And you're squirming about too much," Jude complained. "Now shut up and lie still. It's a shame I didn't bring any rope. If I had you tied to a tree I could do whatever I wanted without all this squirming. You'd like that, wouldn't you?" 

Karen was seriously conflicted. She was genuinely anxious at being so exposed out in the open. There had been so many people in the car park; what if they were discovered? It was all right for Jude, she was still fully dressed. It wasn't Jude who was showing everything above her waist. On the other hand, the way she had been thrown to the ground played straight into every fantasy she had had as a girl. She had always pictured herself as the victim in some Victorian melodrama and, whilst Jude, having neither a top hat nor a waxed moustache, didn't quite fit the stereotype, this safe "rape" was deeply thrilling and her body was responding as ever. For all that she was struggling she was still careful not to struggle too hard.

"Well, I asked you a question," Jude said. "Should I tie you to a tree and have my wicked way with you?"

"Please, Mistress...," Karen replied, uncertain how to put into words how she felt. Of course, the thought of being tied up in such a public place was horrifying but the simple idea, the fantasy, sent such vibrant tingles through her, and her groin was crying out 'yes!'

"Maybe a tree would be just a little too public," Jude conceded. "How about we try this instead?" 

She reached for her jacket pockets and pulled out her handcuffs and, in a trice, slipped them around Karen's wrists. Then she reached for the inside pocket of her jacket and pulled out a tent peg. This she pushed into the soft turf before attaching the handcuffs. Truth be told, Karen could probably have got the tent peg out if she had really tried but, now deep into the fantasy, she was held fast. 

Jude didn't let it stay at that, and Karen soon found why Jude's pockets had bulged so much. Having knelt up so she could look above the long grass and check that all was clear, Jude fetched  from her pockets two leather cuffs and two more tent pegs. Karen didn't have to ask what was coming next and although she made lots of 'Please Mistress, please don't do this' noises she didn't put up much of a fight and the feel of having her ankles restrained just enhanced the experience.

"There, that's better," Jude said as she rearranged Karen's jacket and blouse to further expose her breasts. "Now let's see to this kilt."

Jude reached for the buckles at the waistband of the kilt and, suddenly, Karen realised why Jude had been so keen for her to wear it. The kilt, being the genuine article, was wraparound and once the buckles were undone it was simplicity itself to unwrap, leaving Karen completely naked below the waist and the kilt no more than a rectangle of tartan material lying on the ground. Jude trailed her fingertips around Karen's groin, noting how her nether lips glistened with evidence of her excitement. This reassured Jude that, despite Karen's protests about playing 'al fresco', she wasn't completely averse to what was being done to her.

"Now you just wait here a moment. I know just the thing for you." Jude got to her feet. "Don't go away."

With that Jude disappeared from Karen's sight. This was completely unexpected and Karen's anxiety levels shot through the roof. What was Jude doing? How far was she going? How long would she be gone? She craned her neck to look around but all she could see was the blue sky above and the long grass around her. The only sounds were birdsong and the rustling of leaves in the wind. If she weren't alone, naked and pinned to the ground, this would have been a perfect day. As it was, it was turning into a nightmare. Her rising panic was just beginning to get out of hand when she heard the swish, swish of Jude returning through the long grass. When she came into sight, Karen could see that her hand was wrapped in a handkerchief which, along with the distinctive leaf shape, told her that the plant Jude was carrying was a stinging nettle.

"How are you doing, OK?" Jude said pleasantly as she knelt back down again. "Look what I've brought for you. You will enjoy this."

"What are you going to do?" Karen asked. Like every Brit she had learnt as a child to treat stingers with respect.

"Just this." Jude replied as she gently stroked the plant across Karen's breasts.

Karen gasped with surprise but at first it wasn't too bad. It stung, as you would expect, but it was not as painful as she had anticipated. However, when Jude stroked the plant across a second time it seemed to stoke the fires and the stinging turned into a burning and the desire to rub away the soreness became irresistible. Karen started to twist and turn, straining against her bonds. 

"Jude... Mistress... I don't think I can...," Karen started.

"Yes you can," Jude insisted as she drew the stinger back across once more. 

"Please, no more." Karen pleaded, her eyes filling with tears.

"Just one more then I'll stop," Jude replied but this time instead of stroking the plant across Karen's flesh she pointed the tip straight at Karen's nipple and swished it around. Once she had repeated this on the other side she threw away the plant and lay down next to her captive.

"Please, Mistress, please, I need..." Karen said between gasps.

"What do you need?" Jude asked.

"I need... I need..." But Karen wasn't sure what she needed. The screaming fire from her nipples was so intense she could barely stand it and as she struggled to contain it she could feel herself unwittingly working loose the tent peg at her wrists. But that wasn't what she needed; freedom was not the answer. The twin throbbing orbs of fire in her breasts were stoking a fire in her groin and she felt that if Jude didn't do something soon she would burst.

"Let me guess, is this what you need?" Jude asked as she trailed her fingertips along Karen's groin.

"You know that's what I need," Karen replied, the urgency of her situation making her forget her manners.

"What, like this?" Jude rested her fingertips at the top of Karen's nether lips and rubbed them back and forth in gentle circles.

"Harder, please, Mistress, harder, please, for the love of god!" Karen was far beyond such subtleties and needed redder meat. She writhed against her bonds, trying to push herself against Jude's hand.

Jude took pity on Karen and pushed her fingers firmly into Karen's sex and leant across to kiss the red rash that covered her breasts. Karen, overcome with the intensity of the sensations within her, pushed herself as hard as she could against Jude's hand, gritting her teeth as she did so to stop herself from crying out loud. Even so she couldn't stop herself from gasping, from expressing vocally how she felt physically, and Jude clamped her free hand over Karen's mouth to gag her. In fact, it took all Jude's strength to restrain Karen as she struggled against her bonds and the powerful forces that were wracking her body. Feeling like her breasts were going to explode, Karen resorted, uncharacteristically, to bad language.

"You bitch, those nettles sting like crazy, you knew how much they were going hurt, you knew what they were going to do to me, you fucking bitch!" Karen muffled snarls came through Jude's hand. "I hate you, I hate you, oh god I...."

As Karen lost control, her thrashing about tore the tent pegs from the ground. She flung her handcuffed wrists around the neck of her tormentor, pulled them together and just let the emotions flow. Still humping Jude's hand she rubbed her breasts back and forth against the rough material of Jude's jacket in an attempt to reduce the searing pain. This didn't diminish it much but in the endorphin rush of her orgasm it became just another part of the roiling within her. For one long, long moment her whole body was the twin peaks of her enflamed nipples until, finally, the wave broke and she just held on, sobbing. Slowly, gradually, her senses returned and, exhausted, she lay back gasping for breath.

"Are you OK?" Jude asked, her voice full of concern.

"That was... that was... that was almost too much to cope with," Karen replied. "That was pretty intense. You really know how to...," Karen rubbed herself once more against Jude's jacket, "My breasts, Jude, please, they're still stinging like crazy. Please, you've got to do something."

"Hang on; I've got some cream here somewhere." Jude delved into her pocket and brought out some antihistamine cream, which she squeezed out and started to apply to the vivid red rash.

As Jude's fingers eased the cool cream across Karen's breasts, the fire finally started to subside and she was finally able to relax again. The soothing cream was a heavenly contrast against Karen's still sensitive nipples and she could feel her appetites, never fully quiescent, reawakening. However, as her focus on the sharp stinging from her breasts became less acute, the light breeze playing across her body made her suddenly aware of her nakedness again.

"Jesus!" she gasped. "Please, Jude... err... Mistress, please, may I get dressed again? Please, enough, I've had enough." She held out her locked wrists in front of her.

"Ok, hang on, just let me finish here." Jude smoothed out the last of the cream, wiped her hands on her handkerchief, and found the keys to the handcuffs in her pocket. As soon as her hands were freed, Karen reached down, bundled her skirt around her waist and re-secured the buckles. Then she set to buttoning up her blouse until she was happy that she was once again 'decent'. However her clothes weren't the only things awry. Although she had no mirror she could tell her hair was all over the place, making it obvious what she had been doing. She tried to smooth it down with her fingers.

"God, I must look a mess." 

"I've seen you better," Jude admitted. "How are the nips, still sore?"

"They're... They're OK, I guess. The cream has helped a lot but I'm still smarting a bit. That was a lot to cope with. I'm sorry I called you an effing bitch, I don't normally use language like that."

"That's OK, I understand. I've had it done to me so I know what it's like. Seriously, are you OK?"

"Yeah, I'm fine... now." Karen admitted. "Thank you, really, thank you."

"For what?"

"For... Jude... You make me feel...." Karen snuggled up to Jude as she stumbled for the right words. "I've never felt anything like the way I have since I met you. I'd never had an orgasm before I met you and now... well, you're making me do things I'd never have dreamed of doing before." Karen realised she wasn't explaining herself very well. "Look, it's not just the sex, it's more than just the sex, Jude, please, tell me that it's more than just the sex for you too."

"Oh honey, of course it is," Jude replied. 

"It's just this is all so new to me. I mean I was a complete virgin just a couple of weeks ago and now I'm behaving like some sort of floozie, rolling around stark naked in public. It's a bit much to take."

"Yeah, but you're my floozie. I'll look after you. Do you trust me?"

Trust, there, she'd said it, this was the crux of it all. Did Karen trust Jude? She wanted to, she really wanted to and, on Jude's terms, she did. What Karen wasn't sure of was whether she trusted Jude on her own terms, whether Jude really understood the leaps of faith that she was making almost daily. In the post orgasmic glow and wrapped in Jude's arms, she could forgive her anything but the memory of how it had felt just a few minutes ago, of being tied up and naked out here in the open, that had been really frightening. Her trust that Jude really understood what she could and couldn't take had been badly shaken.

"Yes, Mistress, I trust you," Karen said at last. It was too complicated to explain the niceties and she didn't want to ruin the moment. 

And suddenly all Karen's objections seemed churlish. She snuggled even closer into Jude's arms and felt safe, protected, wanted. It was beyond doubt that their relationship was unconventional, and Karen wondered if she would ever be at ease with some of the things Jude seemed to expect from her, but it was as if she had come home, and right here in Jude's arms was where she wanted to stay.

Jude also was deeply content. She had her doubts; Karen was so uptight about some things but the way she gamely played along, the way she was prepared to overcome her reluctance, spoke of a courage hidden deep within. More than that, once the frumpy exterior was pushed aside, she was a sexy little thing and Jude felt that she had never been so strongly attracted to anyone ever before. Was this lust or love? She neither knew nor particularly cared. She gently pushed Karen back down to the ground and kissed her long and hard.

As Karen felt Jude's lips lock onto hers she also felt her body respond. She had never known anything like this before. Until so recently, sex had never been an aspect of her life and it really hadn't been something she had missed. Sex, like love, was what happened to other people. Now her every waking moment seemed to have its sexual side and just a word, a kiss, a touch from Jude made her knees go weak and her juices flow. Her nipples, still throbbing from the stingers despite the cream, seemed to demand attention and as for her groin, it wanted, no needed, Jude's touch and she would do anything to get it. She was becoming addicted, addicted to Jude. Despite her reservations, she reached up and, once again, her blouse was unbuttoned. Jude was only too keen to oblige.

Several hours later Jude looked up from their nest in the long grass.

"It's getting late. We ought to be making a move," she said.

"Do we have to?" Karen asked. "I could stay here forever."

"Yes, we have to. Anyway I'm getting hungry."

"I suppose so," Karen said reluctantly. "What do you want to do about eating?"

"There are some salmon steaks in the fridge. Can you cook them?"

"Of course, Mistress. Your wish is my command." 

"Come along then." Jude got to her feet and helped Karen up as well. As they picked their way back through the woods, the shadows were lengthening making the hollows dark and mysterious. 

"Jude... Mistress, have you ever tied anyone to a tree?" Karen asked, as off hand as she could manage.

"I might have," Jude replied. "It's a bit risky out here."

"Risky? You had me stark naked not so long ago." 

"Yeah but we could always have covered you up in a trice and the long grass gives good cover. Having you tied to a tree is a lot more conspicuous and a lot harder to get out of. Anyway, why do you ask?"

"Oh, just asking, just asking." Karen tried to brush the question away.

"No you weren't. I know your 'just asking'." Jude grabbed Karen, spun her around and pushed her against the nearest tree, pushing her arms back as if to fasten her wrists on the other side. "Is this what you want?" 

Karen couldn't speak. This was exactly what she wanted. The rough bark against her back, the way her arms pinned behind the tree forced out her breasts. She wanted Jude to ravish her, to rip the clothes from her body, to take her.

"Sorry, as I said, it's too risky out here," Jude said as she relaxed and let Karen go. Even in the half-light Jude could see the glint in Karen's eyes. If that is what she wanted, well, there were options available, there were other woods she knew of which were a lot less public.

Later that evening, Karen and Jude were relaxing on the sofa; their meal was over and they had settled down to watch TV. Well, the TV was on but how much they were watching it was another matter. Jude sat upright whilst Karen lay full length with her head in Mistress' lap.

"Mistress, about Friday night," Karen started.
