 LINDA'S NIGHT CLUB SURPRISE

It was finally here, the weekend, a night of freedom away from work and once again I was having dinner out with Linda. Great food, great company, and at this point, great anticipation of a night with my best friend and lover! Little was I to know just how wild a night it was going to be.

As we ate a wonderful meal Linda and I were just chit-chatting in casual conversation when she asked me how my studies were coming along. At this time I was in the throws of completing my Master of Science in Nursing programme. 

"It must be difficult paying for school, how do you manage?" 

I almost choked with a flash back as I thought of the jobs I had done in order to stay financially viable, one of which was that of being an 'Exotic Dancer.' A career which had lasted about two years and a career of which, as far as I knew, she was totally unaware! I smiled thinking of it and felt my face go hot. 

Linda picked up on my blushing smile straight away, and with a very cheeky grin on her face, moved right up close; leaned toward me and said, "OK... Tell me, everything!!!" 

Whew; OK, where do I start? "Wellll, your right, it is expensive, sooooo!!!" 

I couldn't stop myself from laughing as Linda reached behind me and pinched my bum, laughing as she said "Come on, Little Miss Innocent; tell me!" 

I continued: "The reason I went on Night Duty was because of the pay differential, and that's how I paid my tuition up until you appointed me as Night Director, and that's it, what else can I say!!!" 

Linda, happily still smiling; placed her forefinger under my chin, turns me toward her and says: "And 'Aimie?' And? Never mind the, what else can I say bit, whats the rest of this beguiling stor‽"

I was trapped, but I didn't want to just blurt it out so I asked her, "Do you ever go to Night Clubs?" 

Naturally she replied yes, "Have you ever been to a Strip Club?" 

Linda cracked up laughing "No, never have, but do go on ha, ha, ha!" 

OK, now I knew I was stuck in the deep end..... 

"Well, I used to do Exotic Dancing, because, believe me the money is good and the tips can be amazing!" 

Linda started laughing so loud, people were looking at us, and it was as much as I could do to calm her down... LMPO! Finally, calm was restored: "Oh Aimie, that was hilarious; how long did you do this for?" So I told her it was a couple of years, but because of it, I am financially ahead of the game. 

Then, I had a thought. "Linda, if you want to have the experience of going to a club, my old place is only a fifteen minute drive." 

I was astounded at how quick she jumped at it, "YES, YES, let's go, it'll be fun, but, do they allow woman in?" Have to admit, that made me laugh... 

"OK, let's go, but first let me go freshen up, be right back!"

Walking to the Ladies room I had a naughty idea. I called the club and spoke to Rob, the floor manager, told him I was coming with a girlfriend, and could we 'possibly,' arrange it for me to do a set without her knowing? Rob, was all for it, told me he would arrange some gear for me and we were set!

Linda was full of questions all the way there and really excited about going... Little did she know!

Rob was at the door when we arrived and he was great. "Aimie, long time no see, how you been etc., etc., etc." I introduced Linda and he gave us a great table, front centre right stage, which was awesome because I could enter from left stage and be looking at Linda from step one... Inside I was aglow with anticipation!!!

Linda was having a blast, as was I, I have to admit... Had a couple of drinks, watched a couple of the girls and then Rob came over, "Aimie, Sandra **** wanted to say Hi, can you come backstage for a minute or so?" 

I asked Linda if she would mind being left alone for a few minutes? She leaned to my ear and whispered, "No you go right ahead, this is great foreplay," and kissed me on the cheek!

I never, never ever, got made up so quick in my entire career! Rob, had done a fantastic job, someone to do my makeup, another of my old friends helped me dress and in no time I was in the wings waiting for my cue. 

Presented under my old stage name, the music started and I was flying... Looking directly at Linda as I strutted across the stage toward her, the look on her face was a mouth opening, jaw dropping smile of disbelief that spread across her entire face... 

I loved every moment I was out there, I played the audience like I had never been away. It was just stunning and when I flicked my itsy-bitsy-bra at Linda, I knew we were going to have a great night!

Rob brought her backstage to the dressing room and she could just not stop laughing. The girls were fantastic toward her, brought her a drink and she was agog as she watched everything going on backstage whilst I removed my stage make-up and redressed; the smile on her face seemed to be fixed in time. For a short moment we were alone and she kissed me with a passion that made my body tingle, before saying "Let's go to my place." No argument from me I can tell you!!! 

Once in the car she was just in glee about my performance. Full of even more questions and some very complimentary remarks about my set and the way I played with the audience and especially the way I "teased her," which led her into playfully chastising me for doing that to her... LOL. We laughed and laughed so much on that journey, so much so that the time just disappeared, before we knew it we were pulling into her parking space.

Once in her flat, as soon as the door was closed: 'Bang,' my back was against the wall and her mouth was on mine with more passion than I have ever, ever known! Her lips and her tongue were devouring my mouth, and with her weight pushing me against the wall she proceeded to almost tear the clothing from me... Exposing my breasts her mouth fell from one tit to the other feasting on my nipples as simultaneously her hands lifted my skirt and her fingers lunged their way within my panties; spread my pussy lips open and slithered into the wetness of my slit, fucking into me and also exciting the fuck out of me!!! 

In no time at all, I was also undressing her, and as we touched and kissed and fondled we left a trail of clothing, shoes and hose, all the way to the bedroom...

Linda was veracious!!! Never mind the work up period, this was crash, bang, wallop!!! In an instant I was flat on my back with Linda straddled across my face, my mouth buried into her pussy and her ecstatically, excitingly eating my own in a glorious '69'. Her mouth was all over my pussy, her hands beneath me grasping and fucking into my arse! We never stopped as orgasm followed orgasm and we ate and ate; touched and were touched; anywhere; everywhere! Damn, it all felt so fucking good!!! 

I really needed this, and, I think I can safely say, I don't think I had ever experienced a first orgasm that fast ever before... I felt as though I had died and gone to pussy heaven in a screaming orgasm. I was so damn wet I could hear the sounds of her mouth slurping on my pussy louder than I have ever known... 

My whole body was just charged beyond belief... Indeed, after a while, I was so sensitive I had to pull her from me, pulling her up to me but even then we continued to roll to and fro as we kissed and kissed and kissed, squeezing each other's breasts and nipples in a continuing frenzy of lust! It turned into, too say the least, a wonderful, wonderfully passionate night filled with lust; toys; and a hitherto unknown level of sexual frenzy of overwhelming, scissor fucking, proportion!!!