 I have been writing this story for a while now, but it got really long. I decided to break it up into a few pieces. This is a sweet story about GTO's 'niece' Linda. Be warned, Linda is a completely different person than Gail or Robin. I tried to make this a sad, yet sweet tale about a sweet girl who finds herself and overcomes adversity with the help of a few friends. There are some returning people from other stories here, but the main character is Linda. For those of you expecting something similar to what I have written before, you may be disappointed. I tried to make this more of a romance and self-discovery story.

One commenter asked that I do some spin-offs of my GTO series. This is one of them. Truthfully, I had actually started this one before that comment came in. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it.

OK. This is a work of fiction yada, yada, yada. If you don't know the drill, you have no business reading this. Constructive comments are appreciated. "You suck!" comments get you laughed at as an immature loser.

Lesbian, Romance. Self-discovery

*****

Boston:

I gave my notice at my job the next day and applied for UNLV. Aunt Gail actually flew me out to Boston for a month to visit with her Aunt Elizabeth and Heather. During that month, Heather took me to the office and had me work with some of the paralegals as well as herself occasionally so I could see what being a lawyer was really like.

One evening, Aunt Elizabeth and Heather took me out for the evening. We had dinner, then they took me to a club that they frequent. I was kind of surprised at how similar this club was to the one Aunt Gail owned. When I mentioned it, Heather laughed and told me that Aunt Gail actually modeled her club after this one. Apparently, she had spent quite a bit of time here during the summer she stayed with Aunt Elizabeth. Also, she would frequent this club during her numerous visits back here.

We were sitting at our table chatting when an absolute goddess walked up and joined her. She was probably about 5' 6", looked like D cups, trim, athletic, cheerleader type. She looked to be in her late 30's to early 40's, but still gorgeous. I was slightly taken aback because she held a leash that was connected to the collar of another woman. The other woman looked to be about the same age as the one holding the leash, also a brunette with D cup breast, but a couple inches shorter.

"Aunt Elizabeth, Heather. How are you? It's been a while since I've seen you."

"Hello, Mandy dear. And hello to you too Naomi. How is our soon-to-be new DA doing?" Aunt Elizabeth replied.

"Well, I'm still a little behind in the polls, but it looks like the campaign is getting some good information out and we are climbing. The election still isn't for a couple of months, so things are looking up." The collared brunette stated.

Aunt Gail had told me several stories from her summer in Boston, and Mandy seemed to have been a big part of several of them. She also mentioned a Naomi a couple of times as well. I was having a little trouble reconciling the woman wearing a collar and leash as a District Attorney though. I noticed that as Aunt Elizabeth was talking to Naomi, Mandy was looking at me with some interest.

"Oh, and let me introduce you to Linda here. Linda, this is Mandy, whom I assume you have already heard quite a bit about, and Naomi here is also an attorney. Naomi is actually running for District Attorney here. We think she has a really good shot at winning." Turning back to Mandy and Naomi, "Linda here is Gail's Niece out for a visit."

I saw Naomi's eyes light up and her breathing increased.

"Training another one, Auntie?" Mandy asked with a sly smile. "Is she just as stubborn as my girlfriend?"

"No. I'm not training her. She is just out here visiting because she wants to become a lawyer, and we are showing her what she has to look forward to. That, and she is more like Cassandra than me or Maggie. She has no desire to be either a mistress or a pet."

We sat and chatted for a while longer. Naomi gave me quite a bit of advice on criminal law, from both sides of the courtroom. Mandy and Naomi also gave a bit more information on a few of the stories and some other fun times with Aunt Gail before they got up.

"Well, tell Gail we said hello, and we will be in touch soon. Right now, my pet has a few things to accomplish before the night is done. I'll probably be out to Las Vegas in a couple of months to visit, so I'm sure I'll see you again soon, Linda."

Chapter 4.

College:

Returning home, the summer cruised by. Before I knew it, it was time to start school. Per my agreement with Aunt Gail, I moved into a dorm for my first year. I was really nervous, because I had never had to share a room with anyone before. I knew nothing about my new roommate, or if we would even get along.

Her name was Jennifer, but she preferred Jenn. She was about 5' 2", long straight red hair, petite, with nice B cup breasts. We actually got along great. She was very outgoing - and OBVIOUSLY straight. After introducing herself, she began asking if I had checked out the guy situation on campus. (Ummmm, NO!) Had I heard of any of the local clubs for dancing, seen any cute guys around? I decided, based upon my history, that I would just keep my preferences to myself. I told her that I was already in a relationship and not really looking for anyone else. Was it my fault if she assumed that I was dating a guy? We did agree that there would be no overnight visitors (dorm rules actually) and sexual escapades would take place elsewhere. That was because (as far as she needed to concern herself with) me, being pre-law (yeas, I know that that isn't really a major, but I was going for a Law degree), and her in engineering, we needed full access to the room for studying. Being locked out of the room for a couple hours while your roommate was fucking someone was not really something either of us wanted.

Life moved on. I would meet Denise for our dates. Jenn would go to the clubs and dance with whoever she was seeing at the time. I would always make sure to see Aunt Gail at least one evening a week. I did let Jenn know that Aunt Gail was an engineer and had her own firm. I was kind of nervous, but I did introduce her, and Aunt Gail mentioned that she may be willing to have her as a summer intern. I found that dorm life really wasn't so bad. I was rather introverted and focused on my studies, so I stayed away from the heavy party scene. Jenn did manage to drag me to a few parties, and I did have fun, but never hooked up with anyone. As I mentioned, I was seeing Denise and didn't even want to cheat on her.

One thing about closets, they have doors that can be opened. Even though I really wasn't 'in the closet' about being a lesbian, I was rather discreet about it and particular about who I told. Given my past, can you really blame me? Obviously, I was out to my family, but most of them didn't want any contact with me. Women that I knew were bi or gay I would let know. Also, all of Aunt Gail's friends already knew. I just never felt that anyone at college needed to know. It really wasn't their business.

One Friday afternoon in late fall, Jenn came back from her last class of the day. She was kind of surprised that I was there.

"I thought that you said you were going on a lunch date and then hanging out with your boyfriend the rest of the day and wouldn't be back until late."

First off, I never actually said 'boyfriend', I always used 'My Honey' when talking about Denise. Not my fault if she made erroneous assumptions.

"Yeah. That was the plan, but we talked over lunch about where things were going. We decided that we are in two different places in life, so we broke up. We will still be friends, but we aren't going out anymore." I replied.

"Oh. I'm sorry. Are you OK?" she asked. She was really sweet, and I could see the genuine concern in her eyes.

"Yeah." I responded. "I'm fine. This had been coming for a couple of months now, so it wasn't really a surprise. To tell the truth, I'm kind of relieved about it. We're still going to be good friends."

"OK. That's good." She replied. She thought for a minute, then spoke back up enthusiastically. "Hey, tell you what. I'm meeting with Jimmy and a few of my friends at a club tonight. How about you join us? It'll be fun, and Jimmy's roommate Robert will be there. He's really cute, and I think you'd like him."

Crap! Just what I didn't need. Yeah, I wasn't broken up over breaking up with Denise, and I wouldn't mind getting out and having fun, but with my roommate trying to fix me up with some guy, that just spelled disaster. Unfortunately, I couldn't think of a graceful way of getting out of it. 

"Sure. Why not? Sounds like fun." I heard someone say. It sounded like it was my voice, and, since we were the only two people in the room, and her lips didn't move, it must have been me that said it.

Six hours later, showered, made-up, hair done, and dressed to thrill, we were at a dance club down on the strip. I had just turned 20, but these clubs don't card attractive girls dressed up for action as long as they look reasonably close to 21. Jimmy and his friends were all over 21, so they had no problem getting in either. There were 8 of us in our little group. Me, Jenn, two of her friends, Jimmy Robert, and two more of his frat brothers. Their names aren't really important to this, as they really played no significant role except for just being there.

The night really was enjoyable. Yes, I danced with the guys. We drank, talked, and laughed. It seemed that I was dancing more with Robert than any one else. There were a few songs where all 4 of us girls were out there together as the guys watched from the table. Finally, there came a time late in the night (or was it early in the morning?) when it was just me and Jenn at the table. The other two girls and guys were dancing, while Jimmy and Robert were at the bare getting another round of drinks.

"You know, Robert really likes you." Jenn announced. She was a little tipsy, but the two of us had been taking it easy on our alcohol intake. I was because I don't like to get really drunk, and Jenn was because she had to drive later.

"Yeah, I kind of figured that." I said. I had been trying to figure out how to gently let him down without hurting him over the last hour or so.

"So, should I wait up for you tonight then?" She giggled.

"No. He really isn't my type." I responded.

"Not your type?" She questioned with a confused look. "How is he not someone's type? He's tall, gorgeous, built, a great dance, and highly intelligent. Plus, I heard from a couple of other girls, he is rather well endowed and knows how to use it. Seriously, if he isn't your type, then what is?"

Fuck! I kind of had a feeling that this might happen. Oh well. It was bound to come up sometime.

I looked around the club, then back into Jenn's eyes. "You see that guy over by the bar with those two girls?"

"The one wearing a cowboy hat?"

"Yes, him."

"So, you are more into the cowboy type?"

"No. The Brunette Cowgirl type that is on his left. She is my type."

She just stared at me with confusion all over her face.

Finally, "You mean..."

"Jenn, it wasn't a boyfriend that I broke up with this afternoon, it was my girlfriend Denise."

"Oh." She replied. There was silence for a minute or so.

"So., We have been roommates for the entire year. How did I not know this long before now?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to freak you out. You are a really good friend, and I didn't want to screw up our friendship."

"Why did you think that I would have freaked out about that? It's not really that big of a deal." She demanded. I could see her getting a little angry about it.

"Look, Jenn. I probably should have been upfront about it and trusted you from the beginning, but I was scared that you would be disgusted about having a lesbian roommate. My history kind of prevents me from being upfront about that to people who I know aren't gay. I'm sorry." Tearfully, I told her about what happened when I confessed to my best friend right after high school, and about the aftermath when my family disowned me. I explained about how my Aunt Gail found me and meeting Denise. (I left out the part about Aunt Gail owning the lesbian club though.) 

Jimmy and Robert had gotten back to the table with fresh drinks just as I began telling Jenn about my life.

"Wow. OK, I can understand your reluctance to come out now." Jen breathed.

Robert, being the gentleman that he is, found some tissues for me as I was sobbing.

"I'm so sorry, Jenn. I really should have trusted you, but I was just so scared."

"That's fine sweetie. I understand." She said as she was hugging me.

She kept hugging me for a few minutes until my tears stopped. The other four in our group had returned by then, and jimmy quietly filled them in on the pertinent details. A waitress stopped by to see if I was OK, and Robert took the opportunity to order a round of shots. 

"To Linda!" Robert announced as he raised his shot glass. "For her strength in overcoming her tribulations."

"To Linda!" the others shouted.

"So, uuummmm. I take it that I don't have a shot at taking you out then?" Robert questioned.

That was just the thing we needed to break the somber mood.

"Sorry, Robert." I laughed. "But, seriously, if I were even the slightest bit straight, I would be all over you in a heartbeat. You are soooo sweet and kind, not to mention gorgeous, I'm sure that you will be snapped up by someone. I would really like to stay friends. Tell you what, if you are ever bored, give me a call and we can go out and pick up a few girls." The roar of laughter from all of us called for another round of shots.

So, I was now out at college. Jenn was a true friend. She helped me gain a lot of confidence in myself and allowed me to be open about my sexuality. Aunt Gail took me under her wing and taught me the art of seduction. I came out of my shell and began flirting. My personality evolved, and I became much more outgoing again. Occasionally, I would even tease some of the guys that I was friends with. They knew I was gay, and it was all in good fun. Aunt Gail's sort-of boyfriend Dave was a frequent target of mine. Poor guy. I would get him so worked up - even though he knew what I was doing but couldn't help himself. Aunt Gail would just sit there smirking as I worked on him, then take him away and relieve him when I left him hanging. 

We ended up moving out of the dorms and into an apartment the next year with a couple of other girls. She would tease me about perving on her occasionally as she changed clothes, and I would tell her that one night in my bed, and she would be a changed woman. It was all in jest. She was adamantly straight, and I had absolutely no intention of messing with our friendship by trying to get into her panties. She did occasionally go to Aunt Gail's club with me to dance, but always left solo.

College wasn't all rainbows and unicorns though. There were the occasional remarks and attitudes from some. Jenn, Jimmy, Robert, and the rest of our little group were always very supportive when that happened though. There was one classless pig (Coincidently, also named Jimmy, but more on that later) that Jenn went out with briefly who suggested a threesome when he found out about my sexuality. He was rather harshly escorted out of the apartment by Jenn. After the third phone call trying to apologize to Jenn, Jimmy, Robert, and a couple of their frat brothers took him aside and explained that any more attempts at contact would be viewed unkindly.

Of course, there were the idiots that thought that I just needed to experience a 'real man' and 'straighten me out'. Idiots. I had a REAL MAN in Dave if I ever wanted one. Every one in a while, one of these pricks would not leave it alone. I would be at a club with my friends, and this idiot would just keep on trying to hit on me. Finally, my friends would see in my eyes that I had had enough, and they would sit back and watch the game begin. I would feign suddenly falling for his charms and begin flirting back a bit. Batting my eyes, subtle touches to his arms and knees, coyly giggling at his inane jokes, gazing into his eyes, seductively dancing, and pressing myself up against him during the slow songs. I would use every weapon in my arsenal - and Aunt Gail had taught me well in using those weapons - to work him into a frenzy. There were three endings to this little game that I played, and money changed hands between my friends as to which outcome I used. I was adamant that all talk of the wagers was to be held when I was away from them to prevent any accusations of picking the ending based upon who I wanted to win. Depending on my mood, and how big of an asshole the guy was, I would either suddenly thank him for a great evening and leave him all worked up as I left with my friends after he had bought me drinks all night, pick up a girl that caught my eye and move on to her while he was getting me another drink at the bar (I would take the drink and thank him for it then ignore him while I continued to seduce the girl), or - and this was actually my favorite unless there was a girl that I wanted to pick up - whisper softly into his ear and invite him back to my place because "I have a nice big 10-inch strap-on that I can't wait to fuck your ass with!" The last option also had some side bets on how fast he would run out the door.

Chapter 5.

I know, I know. I haven't described myself yet and you're probably wondering about that. For starters, I didn't describe myself at the beginning, because I was only 14 at that time, and that would have been just too creepy. Describing myself at 18 would have been useless, because I was still filling out and maturing. Now, at 22, it is a little more relevant. I have long (natural) blonde hair, blue eyes, 5' 6", 34 'C' breasts, 24" waist, and 35" hips. You've probably figured out that my face is rather pretty. No, I'm not conceited, but I have looked in mirrors before. I'm a lesbian, and I do know what a pretty girl looks like.

It was the summer after my Junior Year. I was over at Aunt Gail's for her 4th of July party. One thing about Aunt Gail. When she throws a party, she goes all out. Her 4th of July parties are legendary. Most of her employees are there, along with friends and special guests. She has it catered for the hors d'oeuvres and side dishes, and she hires a company to BBQ. Tri-tip, chicken halves, and salmon on the pit, with brisket and ribs done in a smoker. The guys doing the bar-b-que show up at about 2 AM to start the smoker. Of course, the pool is going and there is a DJ and dance floor set up in the back yard. Needless to say, it is always an event not to be missed.

Aunt Gail insisted that I invite all my friends. I should probably mention that I hadn't seen Aunt Gail for several months. I also hadn't been to her club for a while. For starters, this last semester was a nightmare of core classes, I had a brief relationship with a girl who forevermore shall be named Psychobitchfromhell, (I'm pretty sure that you don't need an active imagination to figure out how that one ended), and I had flown to Boston the day after my last final to intern at Aunt Elizabeth's law firm for the summer. I had just gotten back late last night for the 4th of July holiday.

Jenn, Robert, and I happened to all be out of relationships at that time, and we were hanging out together.

"Whoa! Target acquired!" Robert suddenly exclaimed.

I turned to look where his lasers were pointed, and saw a very beautiful blonde come out of the house followed by a guy a couple of years younger. The guy looked OK, but a little nerdy.

"What? Since when did you switch teams? And I'm kind of surprised that you go for the nerdy look." I teased with a wide grin.
