 Linda was a loving wife she had been married to James for four great years and they were both very happy together.

James was nearing his 30th birthday and Linda wanted to get him something that he would enjoy and remember, and she knew James had always joked about a threesome although she knew deep down he really wanted to try it.

Linda put an advert out on a personals website to see if she could find a woman who would be interested in a threesome.

Most of the replies she got back were guys offering their wives, but Linda wanted a single woman as to avoid any problems.

She received a reply from a single woman named Julie who was 25 years old and only lived a few mile away, Linda sent her an e-mail asking for more details like a description and possible picture and if she had done anything like this before.

A couple days later Linda received a reply from Julie which read:

Hi I'm Julie 25 yrs 5"8, black shoulder length hair, size 12, 34c tits and yes I do have experience of threesome fun, why don't we meet up and chat about what you have in mind

xx Julie

As Linda read the e-mail she felt nerves in her stomach, it was early days but she felt that Julie could be the woman that she was looking for.

She quickly sent a reply and hoped that a meet up would be arranged soon, she didn't have to wait long as she got a reply from Julie within 20 minutes asking her over to her flat the next day, Julie also put her phone number on the reply and asked Linda to ring her soon.

Linda's stomach was jumping all over the place, she picked up her mobile and dialled the number Julie had given her.

The phone rang a few times then Linda heard a voice at the other end of the phone.

"Hi"

"Err hi this is Linda"

"Hi Linda , Julie here how are you babes?"

"I'm fine thanks"

"Great, are you ok to come round and meet tomorrow"

"Yeah sure I can , what time should I get there for?"

"2 o' clock would be fine"

"I can make that ok"

"Great well I will see you then babes, bye for now"

Linda found it difficult to sleep that night, James was away working which made it easier for her to meet up with Julie, but she wasn't sure how open she could be with Julie about what James likes during sex.

Linda woke about 11am she was still sure that she wanted to do it but at the same time the nerves were still there, she did a little housework before grabbing a light lunch and then going for a shower.

She stood in front of the mirror as she dried off, she was a size 10 with brown hair she tied back, her breasts were a 32 B but she did have large nipples which James enjoyed playing with.

Linda went through the wardrobe looking for something casual to wear, after a brief search she decided on jeans and a black t shirt as she felt she didn't need to dress up just for a chat.

Linda arrived outside the flats where Julie lived, she took her timed getting out of the car and walked slowly to the main entrance and went inside, she took the lift up to the third floor and found flat 14.

Linda rang the doorbell and stepped back from the door, she waited about 30 seconds but it felt like 30 minutes.

The door opened and there stood a woman wearing a dressing gown which came down to her knees.

"Hi I'm Linda."

The woman smiled and said "and I'm Julie, you had better come in."

Julie ushered Linda through to the lounge and told her to make herself at home.

"I'll be with you in a minute" shouted Julie as she shut the front door.

Linda sat down on the sofa and looked around as she waited for Julie to come back.

"Sorry about that" said Julie as she walked in the room.

"Sorry for my lack of dress as well, although you might be seeing more anyway soon" she added.

"Well yes hopefully I will" laughed Linda.

"So what do you want to do to surprise James then?" Asked Julie as she sat down next to Linda on the sofa.

"Hoping the two of us can give him what he wants on his birthday" replied Linda who couldn't help notice the top of Julie's gown was open and showing her very ample breasts.

"So you just want him to fuck both of us then?" Asked Julie.

"Yeah that's what I was thinking about" answered Linda as her eyes tried to look anywhere but straight at Julie.

"So you don't like the idea of tasting another woman then?" asked Julie as she got to her feet and stood in front of Linda.

Julie undone the belt on her gown and let it open, Linda sat looking at Julie's naked front, her 34c tits and her trimmed pussy.

"James would love watching me lick your pussy while he fucks me, he would get so horny watching me and you together" said Julie as she moved closer to Linda.

Julie knelt astride Linda on the sofa and started to kiss Linda's neck gently, Linda sat there as she felt Julies lips kiss her flesh, it felt so good , so gentle and Julie moved round to her lips. Then Linda felt Julies tongue slide into her mouth, Linda responded and the two kissed passionately.

Julie broke the kiss "see you do like it" she said.

Julie then moved up so Linda could suck on Julie's tits.

"Come on I love having them licked and sucked, it makes me so horny so come on suck on them babes" begged Julie.

Linda took one of Julies nipples into her mouth and began to suck and lick it, Linda could feel her pussy getting wet as she sucked on Julie's nipples.

"Oh fuck your good, feel how fucking wet your making me" cried Julie as she grabbed Linda's hand and rubbed her fingers against her wet pussy.

Julie then pulled slightly away and grabbed hold of Linda's t shirt and pulled it over her head to reveal a black bra, she then reached round to Linda's back and un hooked the bra and pulled it away so she could see Linda's firm tits with her large erect nipples.

Julie then slid down and knelt on the floor in front of Linda, she undone Linda's jeans and pulled them open, Linda lifted off the sofa so Julie could pull down her jeans and thong, Julie pulled them off and opened Linda's legs , she began to kiss around the trimmed pussy and caress her fingers over Linda's inner thighs.

Linda felt like her body was on fire, she had never felt this horny, she reached down and tried to push Julie's head into her pussy, bur Julie resisted as she wanted to tease Linda for a while.

"You want it licked do you?" Asked Julie as she continued kissing and licking around Linda's hot wet pussy.

"Oooh please lick my pussy , I need it licking now" begged Linda.

Julie moved her mouth onto Linda's pussy and started running her tongue over the wet lips , her tongue flicked over the clit and Linda let out a loud moan as Julie slid in two fingers into what was a very wet pussy .

An orgasm ran through Linda's body as Julie give her the best feeling that she had ever had during sex , as Julie pushed her mouth further into Linda's pussy giving her even more pleasure the phone started ringing.

"Sorry I've got to answer that" said Julie pulling away from between Linda's legs.

Linda just flaked back onto the sofa as Julie went to answer the phone, she couldn't believe what she had just done, her body was still tingling from what Julie had done to her.

Julie came back in the room, "sorry I've got to go out somewhere" she said as she headed towards her bedroom.

Linda began to get dressed, she was a little disappointed as she wanted to carry on for longer, she finished getting dressed and waited for Julie to return from the bedroom, Julie came into the room wearing a demin skirt and white top.

"I'm sorry about this but I've got to go and see someone" explained Julie

"These things happen" said Linda

"So this birthday surprise is on the 25th then is it?" Asked Julie.

Linda nodded in agreement as she made her way to the door.

"Well I'll see you then" said Julie as she pulled Linda towards her and started to kiss her passionately, the two women were locked in the kiss for what seem ages, Julie finally broke the kiss.

"Ring me nearer the time and we can arrange details of how we will surprise James " said Julie as she opened the door for Linda to leave.

"Ok see you soon for more fun then" Linda said smiling as she headed for the lift.

For the rest of the day Linda kept smiling about her experience and looking forward to James birthday treat.