 She was beautiful, and every time I saw her, she simply grew more so. Long, dark hair... brown, shone with every move down her back. Big, bright green eyes, and plump pink lips that would make anyone tremble at the thought of kissing. She moved with a grace that was as natural to her as stumbling was to me. Looking back now, memories fade, but one always stands out above the rest, as vivid and heated as the day it happened.

I never knew, until that day, that a woman, especially one as beautiful as Lindsey, would ever even look at me sideways, let alone fall in love with me. I was, kind of still am, chubby. People say "More to love", but really, I'm not that fat. It just all seems to settle in the wrong places, my stomach mostly. From behind, I look like a regular chick with a nice butt. From the front, nice face, short hair, dark blue eyes with flecks of silver, People says my eyes and lips are the best parts of me... oh, and my boobs, which happen to be rather large. I, personally, have never seen much in the mirror to recommend me to anyone, but somehow, she found something beautiful in me, and brought it out.

She walked into the little cafe where I worked. A regular, and someone I was happy to call friend, she came and sat at the counter where I was cleaning the tops of the salt and pepper shakers. It was after five, Lindsey had just left work for the weekend, and she said she needed coffee and chocolate crepes to reward herself for another week finished. I laughed when she said it, and gave her order to the chef. She said she loved my laugh, I said thanks, and went back to my cleaning.

"How long to you have until quitting time?"

"We close at seven, but I have to sweep up after."

"How long will that take?"

"Half an hour, maybe less if I move fast" I answered. "Why do you ask?"

"Oh, well, I just plan on being bored tonight... I was wondering if you would like to hang out?" Lindsey asked me, her green eyes twinkling.

"Sure, I mean, I'm not very interesting, but if you have something in mind, I'm free after I'm done here."

"Cool." She said, nodding her head.

I started to clean the counters, and asked her what she wanted to do. She said she'd always been curious about my apartment, and asked if she could see it. I said sure, and warned her she wouldn't be any less bored at my house that she would have by herself. She said she doubted it. 

It took me about twenty minutes to close, which is fast, considering I was lying about being able to get it done in thirty. I was never out of the cafe before eight, but this night, seven twenty saw me walking out the door and locking up. Lindsey and I walked down the block, to the neighborhood market, where I bought us some steaks, and a six pack of Smirnoff Watermelon. Lindsey protested the whole time, saying I didn't have to cook. I asked her if she was a vegetarian. 

"No." She said.

"Well, then, based on the fact that I know all you've eaten since lunch time is a chocolate crepe, I'm more than happy to make you dinner. I can be entertaining for at least a half an hour."

She just laughed, looped her arm through mine and walked toward my place. 

I made her dinner, my steaks on an electric grill with a secret sauce, and a side of homemade fries. While the steaks sizzled, Lindsey walked around my apartment, studying ever corner, every poster, picture, painting, oohing and ahing the entire time. We ate, and talked about everything we could think of. After two Smirnoffs each, we were laughing and giggling like teenagers. She and I compared ages, height, weight. I was 21 to her 26, 5' 3 to her 5' 5, 170 to her 135. 

There was a long pause, and I looked up at Lindsey, to see she was staring at me. She searched my eyes, then said she had something to tell me. With that, she got up, and walked into my bathroom, closing the door behind her. I stayed where I was, curious, and waiting. I was getting nervous. She'd gone from laughter to silence so quickly, I didn't know what to expect. I heard the bathroom door open, but didn't turn. Lindsey came up behind me and put her hands on my shoulders. I felt her lean forward, so close her breath tickled the hairs on my neck. 

"I think I love you." She whispered. Shocked, I turned quickly, to see her, standing straight behind me, eyes watering and face pink with anticipation. I stood, not knowing what to say. I'd had a crush on her, but had never been with a woman, only men, and I didn't love her. I'd start, and grow deeply into love with her, but I didn't know it then. "Say something, please." She said, vulnerable. 

"I... don't know." I said, know immediately I was wrong. I knew what was to come, and I knew I wanted it to happen. She must have seen it in my eyes, a moment when my train of thought shifted, because the moment I realized I wanted her, she was holding me to her, kissing me eagerly. I leaned into her, nervous, excited, and completely aware of every nerve in my body. Lindsey ran her hands down my back, pulling us closer, and closer until everything between us was squished, melded together like hot metal. We kissed, licked, played with each other's lips and tongues until we were both ready to pass out. Instead, we walked to the couch in my living room, where she stopped, faced me, and pushed me down. I fell sideways onto the cushions, laughing and gazing up at her glowing face. 

She leaned over me, touching her lips to mine once again, her tongue darting in and out. The taste and smell of watermelon vodka filled everything, my mouth, my nose... the air. I reached my arms around her, and she fell against me. Her hand slid down, from my face, along my neck, and down my waist, where it settled into a curve. Her other hand held my neck, until she sat up, moving above me again. She smiled into my eyes, and I sat up beside her. She reached her hand back around me, to hold the back of my neck. 

Lindsey leaned down, her face pressing into my neck, where she laid hundreds of wet kisses. When she finished, I was breathing fast, filled with heat and passion. Her hands moved, up my leg with one, settling on my bare inner thight, underneath my skirt. Her other hand came around to the front of my shirt, pushing on the middle of my chest, until I fell back against the arm of the couch. Her hand on my thigh slid up more and more, until she was pulling aside my panties, touching the lips of my vagina. 

She stopped then, pulled back, only to dip forward again, and devote her smiling attention on the buttons in front of my work shirt. Slowly, she undid them, and I, shivering with anticipation, practically came when she licked her lips at the sight of my pointed nipples. Her hands encompassed my breasts, sqeezing and pulling, until finally she lowered her head to suck and lick them. Somehow, in exactly the way that drove me crazy. I was turning and squirming by the time she finished, lifting her head to study my wild expression.

"I'm going to taste you now. Is that okay?" She said, and I just nodded, hot and fast, which made her smile even wider. She pulled me off the couch, and led me back into my bedroom, where she stripped me of everything but my knee high stockings, and pushed me gently back onto the coverlet. She lowered her head after placing another wet kiss on my lips and neck. Her fingers trailed down after her, rubbing my breasts and belly, until they settled on my shaved pussy. They worked their way slowly in, in cirlces over my clit and vagina, until I was peaking. Then suddenly, she lowered her face over me, kissed, and then her tongue shot out, licking my clit until I was bucking up against her. She licked around and into my vagina, then filled the void with her skilled fingers. She licked and twisted faster, until finally I came, violently, bucking and crying loudly. Embarrassed, I covered my mouth, and turned my head away. I felt her kiss me once more on the clit, then lick her lips.

Then she was facing me, her hand on my neck. "You taste like salt and sugar. Baby... don't you dare hold back next time. Scream if you need to." She nuzzled me. "Okay?"

"Okay." I smiled. "I don't think I could do that well for you."

She grinned, and pulled me close, kissing my forehead. "Tomorrow, I'll teach you everthing you need to know. Right now, I want to feel you sleeping in my arms."