 Sophomore year was going to be great. The summer was fun, and while I missed being away from my college friends, I missed being in the city the most. Boston is a great place to go to college and it made suburban Ohio feel like a thousand miles away. I couldn't stay out late, or go to parties because I was still only 19.

My summer had also been difficult because I broke up with my longtime boyfriend, Derek. We'd met in high school and just couldn't make it work since he went to college on the West coast.

But I was finally back. I'd been lucky enough to get a room in the newest dorm. I had the best view of the downtown Boston. As I started to unpack, my best friend, and roommate, Kara walked in.

"Ashleigh!" she shrieked.

I ran over and gave her a giant hug. We'd talked and texted almost every day over the summer and I'd missed her terribly. Kara was my party partner. We joined the same sorority and attended all the social events and parties together. She's about 5' 7" and 110 pounds with long red hair and a killer body. Like me, she was a swimmer in high school and it still showed.

"I just found out the boys are having an open party on Saturday night," she said. "There will probably be a ton of people. It might be a great opportunity to meet someone new."

"Wow, that didn't take long to plan."

"I know. And it's a lingerie party. I guess they want to start the year off with a bang."

"Ooo, that could be fun," I said. "We'll have to go shopping. I don't have anything sexy enough to wear in public."

Kara and I made a plan to go to the mall on Friday night after classes. If we were going to impress the boys we would have to really go all out. We popped into Victoria's Secret and started looking through the outfits.

"Why did you and Derek finally break up," asked Kara?

"Things were slowly falling apart last year," I responded. "But, honestly, what really annoyed me was how he kept pushing for a threesome. He said some of his frat brothers had done it and they told him it's something every guy should experience."

"Wow, what a jerk."

"And it's not that I'm totally against the idea. I just didn't like how every night he seemed to bring it up."

"Wait, so you really would have one?" questioned Kara.

"I guess," I said. "It would just have to be under the right circumstances."

"And with who? A guy and a girl?"

"Sure, I dunno. I hadn't given it much thought."

The truth is I'd given it a lot of thought. I really wanted to try one and thought it would be fun, but I didn't know how I'd feel about doing stuff with another girl. Kara and I had kissed in front of a group of guys at a party freshmen year and that was exciting, but I didn't know how far I could go with another girl. I'd often fantasized about it at night, letting my fingers wander beneath the sheets before drifting to sleep.

While I was thinking about my fantasies Kara called out.

"Oh my God! Ashleigh, this is perfect for you!"

She found a soft white teddy that went down just below the panties. It almost looked like a very short dress, but it was slightly see through so you could see some skin and my underwear.

I found a pair of matching white string bikini panties and tried it on. I also picked out some white thigh high stockings to complete the ensemble.

"Wow," said Kara. "You are going to be attacked tomorrow."

"I hope so," I said. "I could use a little excitement."

"Well I think you'll be the one causing the excitement. When people get a look at you there's going to be a lot of jaws on the ground. Hell, even I'm a little excited."

I thought her last comment was odd. She's never said anything like that before. I brushed it off and we continued shopping.

Kara found a red satin nighty with a red thong to match her hair. She picked out some black stockings and we went on our way.

Saturday afternoon before the party I decided to completely shave. It felt liberating and sexy. I wanted to feel the panties rub against me all night.

We arrived at the frat house and there was no shortage of cute girls in sexy outfits, but eyes were definitely on me. This was going to be a good night. We grabbed a couple of beers and started mingling through the crowd.

A couple of beers later, we were chatting with some guys when I saw a girl I didn't know walk into the room.

This girl was drop dead gorgeous. And her outfit was to die for. She was wearing a pink corset, matching pink thong, and pink thigh high stockings attached to the corset. Her long, light brown hair went down just below her breasts which here popping out of the corset.

I was completely in awe. She looked up and we made eye contact. I quickly looked in another direction. I didn't know what came over me, but I wanted to find out who she was.

A few minutes later, I was at the bar grabbing another beer when suddenly she appeared next to me.

"Hi, I'm Julie," she said.

"Hey, I'm Ashleigh." I barely managed to get it out as I took in the scent of her perfume. "What sorority are you in?" I asked.

"Oh, I'm not in a sorority. I was supposed to meet a friend here tonight, but he bailed at the last second."

"Well, he's an idiot if he's missing this party. And especially if he's missing you. That outfit is amazing."

I couldn't believe what I was saying. What was I thinking? She's going to think I'm weird. Why did I say that?

"Aw, thanks! You're outfit is really hot too, you know. I love how you can see through a little bit. Very sexy."

"Thanks," I said, not know where this was going.

At that second, Kara came over and pulled me away, telling me there was someone I should meet.

"Well it was nice chatting with you, Julie. I'm sure I'll see you around."

"Definitely," she said.

Kara led me over to a group of guys and introduced me them. They were pretty cute and one guy, Tom, seemed like a really strong candidate for my phone number. My mind, though, was still on Julie. I just couldn't get the image of her outfit out of my head. 

I chatted with the guys for a bit and excused myself to go to the bathroom – a complete lie, but I didn't want to spend the whole night talking. At this point I'd had a few beers and was ready to dance.

I made my way toward the dance floor and started to move my body, feeling the beat of the music.

Suddenly I felt a body press against mine from behind. Great, I thought. Another horny frat boy who wants to grind penis against me. But I didn't feel any jeans or rough material. I felt smooth skin against smooth skin. I slowly turned around and there was Julie smiling at me.

"You don't mind if I join you, do you?" she asked.

"Of course not," I said, taking a slow breath to make sure the words didn't come out too fast.

We started dancing next to each other, making subtle eye contact. Occasionally our hips would touch, sending a shiver of excitement to my core.

Oh my God, I thought. What am I doing? I'm not a lesbian, but there is just something about this girl that is making me incredibly excited.

At one point she reached her hand out and brushed me arm. I looked at her and smiled. She returned the smile and turned to face me. I decided to just put my thoughts aside and just go with the moment. We continued dancing and she moved closer.

Our bodies finally came into contact and our thighs brushed together. It was electric. She reached behind me and softly ran her hand along my back, down to my hip and back up. She brushed against the side of breast and we got even closer.

We started moving in sync and grinding against each other. I let me hands sweep over her body, touching her soft legs and the satin material of her corset.

Then, I looked up and we made eye contact. She leaned in and I followed until our lips met. It was incredible. When I'd kissed Kara last year it had been for fun, and while it was exciting, there weren't real feelings behind it.

Julie opened her mouth and our tongues met, swirling.

I felt her hand move toward my inner thigh and she made contact with the front of my panties. I moaned softly. I'd never been so excited or wet in my entire life as this gorgeous girl lightly massaged my pussy.

Suddenly I was brought back to reality as Kara appeared.

"You two are going to have to either find a room or start charging money, because you've got everyone's attention."

I looked around and all the guys were starting, jaws to the floor.

"I don't know what came over me," I said, out of breath.

"Uh, I think everyone else does," smirked Kara, looking towards Julie. "That was hot!"

Julie looked embarrassed and said, "look, I'm sorry. I should go."

"I have a better idea," Kara said. "Let's all go back to our room."

"What!" I exclaimed?

"You two look amazing and that was incredible to watch. We should leave the guys behind and have our own party in the room. We've got some beer there. You two can finish what you've started."

I couldn't believe my ears. Here was my roommate inviting a girl I'd just been making out with back to our dorm room.

I looked at Julie and waited for a response. She thought for a second, smiled and said, "that sounds like fun."

We grabbed our coats and made our way across campus. It felt like the longest walk of my life. During the walk Julie's hand only left mine to caress my back or butt. We were smiling and flirting the whole way.

Once we got into the room, Kara sat on her bed and said to us, "I think you two should pick up where you left off."

Julie looked at me and leaned forward for another kiss. She rubbed my breasts through the soft material of my teddy. It was unreal. When Derek had played with me, he was always so rough. Julie knew exactly the right spots.

She worked her hand down the front of the teddy and found the front of my panties. Slowly, she started rubbing my pussy.

I continued kissing her, thoroughly enjoying the sensations she was providing.

When I didn't think it could get any better, she slipped her hand into my panties and I felt her finger on my bare pussy. She worked her middle finger up and down, gently pressing my clit. I moaned again, louder this time. Looking over I saw Kara with her hand in her own panties, watching the action unfold.

Julie led me over to the bed and slipped my teddy over my head. I reached around and unhooked her corset, exposing her breasts. They were bigger than I realized – at least a D cup – but perky and perfect.

I rubbed her breasts, bent down, and gently ran my tongue across her nipple. I'd never done anything like this before, but the feeling was simply amazing.

After a minute of alternating between breasts, she pushed me onto the bed and took my panties completely off. She spread my legs apart, smiled at me and lowered herself into me. She slowly licked around my inner thighs, running just the tip of her tongue up and down. Eventually I felt her hot breath on my pussy. I could barely contain myself as her tongue touched my pussy for the first time. I almost screamed it felt so good.

She moved her tongue slowly around my clit. I couldn't believe I was letting another girl lick my pussy, but it just felt so good. She started moving faster and my body started tensing up. I gripped the sheets tightly in my hand as my body pulsed and orgasmed to the beat of her tongue.

I laid in the sheets and absorbed the feelings for a minute as she came up and kissed me. Suddenly I was reinvigorated and knew exactly what I wanted. I flipped her on her back and started running my hand up and down her body. I moved my hand from her breasts and slipped it into her pink satin panties as I again playfully licked her nipples. She was soaking wet.

I pulled her panties off and moved my head between her legs. As I inhaled her scent I looked up at her, made eye contact, and smiled. I moved my face closer and gently licked the stop of her slit. I'd never thought I'd be going down on another girl and was nervous. She tensed with excitement and approval. I again put my tongue on her pussy and let it sink in before moving it slowly up and down.

Then I felt the bed shake. I looked up and Kara had joined us, completely naked. I'd forgotten she was even here! She kissed Julie as I continued licking her pussy.

Kara then repositioned herself and lowered her pussy onto Julie's mouth. She'd had enough solo satisfaction. I went back to work on Julie, moving my tongue faster and faster on her clit. Eventually I found a rhythm and felt Julie start to shake. Kara moved off and Julie cried out with pleasure. She laid there, breathing heavily and I looked at Kara and said, "I think you need some help."

I moved on top of Kara and found my way to her soaking pussy. I did the same to her as I did Julie and Kara exploded in orgasm.

Afterwards we laid in bed and just cuddled and rubbed each other, eventually falling asleep. The next morning I woke up to Kara between my legs, returning the favor from the night before. We brought each other to orgasm one more time and all showered together.

After Julie left, Kara looked at me and said, "so I guess you just needed to find the right people for your threesome." We both cracked up.

I continued seeing Julie, and Kara would often join in our escapades. We stayed friends throughout college and still get together to play every once in a while, but nothing will compare to the raw sensation of that first wild night.