 This is a true story. It happened a few years ago. I was Christmas shopping in the local mall, where I passed a lingerie shop. I entered the shop and began to browse at all of the lovely lacey underwear. 

"Can I help you there?" a voice sounded from behind me,

"No thanks I'm just looking", I said,

"I'll be around if you want any help, my name is Hannah", she said as she left, leaving me to gaze enraptured at the lacy underwear, and the elegant silks and satins of the different designs. 

Almost at once I began to experience the familiar tingling sensation that starts with my nipples and travels down to my pussy. I was getting turned on just looking at all of this sexy underwear, imagining how it would feel against me skin. 

I've got a bit of a thing when it comes to lingerie. I love all sorts, from skimpy G-strings to lacy bras, and when I'm home alone, I often strip down to my underwear. I especially like panties, which can be pulled tight into my pussy, creating a delicious, tingling friction, which soon has my love juices flowing. 

I grabbed a couple of bras and headed for the changing rooms. I went into one of the rooms, and closed the curtain behind me; I unbuttoned my blouse and took it off.

"Are you ok in the madam?" a voice sounded,

"Yes thank you, I'm fine!" I said.

I unclipped my bra, letting my firm boobs fall free; I picked one of the new bras and tried it on. I tried to hook it up, but it didn't seem to fit. I called out to Hannah and she came to the booth.

"Yes, what can I do for you madam?" she said with a smile,

"This bra is a bit small for me, I was wondering if you could get me the next size please?" I said, with my head poking out of the curtain,

"Certiainly!" she said and left to find the right one for me to try on. She returned and handed me the bra through the curtain. 

"Thank you", I said trying it on straight away, "Oh my, this one is a bit tight too", I replied from behind the curtain.

"Excuse me madam," Hannah said,

"Yes", I said,

"I was just wondering, when the last time you had a bra fitting?" She asked me.

"Don't know, I don't think I've ever had a fitting!", I said to her,

"Would you like a fitting?" she asked me, "Can I come in?" she asked me,

"Yes, you can Hannah", I said, and then she pushed back the curtain and she came into the small cubicle with me.

"Now, what size do you take?" 

"I'm not sure," I replied, 

"Well, let's measure you and see where were at," Hannah replied smoothly while pulling a cloth tape measure from her pocket.

I unclipped the new bra, letting my firm boobs free again, and I could have sworn I heard a sharp intake of breath from Hannah as my tits came into full view. I stood there for a moment, uncertain. Was it just my imagination, or was Hannah getting as turned on as me? Then Hannah's eyes met mine. 

Momentarily flustered, Hannah's hands shook slightly but she managed to slip the tape around my chest where upon she said aloud, "Thirty four inches on the bust!" Hannah intoned, "is that about what you'd figured?" 

"Mmmmmm, pretty close," I replied while looking at my profile in the mirror. "Do you think my boobs are too big?" I asked while jutting my chest out. 

"Ma'am, I really don't know," Hannah replied awkwardly, "they look just fine to me." 

"Can I get the matching brief too please?" I asked her.

She left the cubicle all red faced to go and get the right bra and underwear for me. I slid off my skirt leaving me in only my panties and garter belt, which I started to unclip as Hannah returned, and she looked at me.

"Please don't take this the wrong way but, WOW! you have a fantastic body!" she said to, flashing me a teasing smile. 

I've never been shy about my body, but I guess Hannah had caught me off guard, being business-like one minute and frankly flirtatious the next. Lowering my eyes and trying to calm down. I could have sworn I heard another sharp intake of breath from Hannah as my tits came into full view. I stood there for a moment, uncertain. Was it just my imagination, or was Hannah getting as turned on as me? Then I hooked my fingers into the sides of my panties, and slowly pulled them down. Hannah's eyes met mine. 

"It seems a shame to cover up that wonderful body at all," she murmured, "But I think these will suit you." 

And with that she held out a pair of flimsy red silk panties with a matching bra and camisole. I've always loved the tantalizing sensation of pure silk against my skin, and with Hannah's eyes following my every move, I really had to struggle to keep control when the cool fabric brushed against my pussy. I could feel myself getting really wet and it was getting pretty difficult to resist the temptation to slip my fingers into the crotch of the panties and rub my aching clit. 

"That looks great," Hannah said softly, snapping me out of my reverie. "Now how about these?" 

And she held out the sexy bra and matching camisole. I could hardly wait to get into them, but I was getting so excited I seemed to have lost control of my fingers. Hard as I tried, I just couldn't do up the hooks which ran all the way down the front of the bra. 

Hannah giggled, saying, "You look like you need a hand," as she moved close to me. 

Her perfume was sweet and alluring, and I could feel her warmth as her sure fingers carefully 

fastened the hooks for me. When the bra was done up, Hannah's hands lingered against my boobs. There was a real air of expectation building up between us; I knew something was going to happen, but I was getting so nervous waiting for it, so I decided I had to make the first move. Gently I took Hannah's hand and pressed it more firmly against me, so she could feel my hardening nipples poking through the thin fabric. I let out an involuntary gasp as her fingers began to rub my nipple. 

I grabbed Hannah's other hand and ran it down my body to my pussy, keeping my own hand clasped on top of it. Using the pressure of her hand and mine combined I began to rub and stroke at my cunt through the flimsy panties, feeling my love juice seep through the fabric and dampen my fingers. Hannah's fingers began to move independently of mine, searching and probing around the crotch of the panties as they found their way to my sticky slit. I was wetter than I've ever been in my life; the slow build-up of lust through the whole of the afternoon had gotten me really hot! Hannah's finger slipped up and down my dripping pussy lips then sought my firm clitty and began to rub it harder.

By the time the tip of her finger had started to tease the edge of my love tunnel I could feel a climax building up. Without warning, one wet finger slid right up into my cunt, and I felt my pussy walls spasm as I came. Hannah began to finger-fuck me in earnest then, pushing my legs wider apart so she could get three wriggling fingers inside me. I was revelling in the sensations of ecstasy, but Hannah wasn't satisfied. 

"I want to taste your pussy," she said suddenly, kneeling down in front of me and pulling my panties right off so she had full access to my juicy hole. 

With gentle fingers she held my pussy lips wide apart as her tongue could reach right inside me. As she lashed at me with her hot tongue, her breath burning my sensitive flesh, I moaned and gasped my way to another incredible climax. Once I'd calmed down a little - which took quite some time, as Hannah didn't let up her pussy licking for a second - I looked down to see that one hand was burrowing between her parted thighs. I couldn't see too much as she was still fully dressed, albeit a little dishevelled, and I decided I couldn't wait a moment longer for a look at her naked cunt. Sinking to the floor beside her, I began to undress her slowly. She just lay back, smiling at me as I stripped her, one hand still playing with her pussy beneath her clothes. The body that came into view was spectacular. Her smooth tits were so beautifully shaped I had to pause for a moment to lick and suck them. Then I eased up her skirt to reveal stocking tops and an expanse of smooth thigh. Higher went the skirt, to show Hannah's lacy panties, pulled aside at the crotch as her fingers pushed in and out of her love box. 

Her fingers were shiny with juice, and her breathing was getting heavier. I worked her skirt right up around her waist, pulled off her panties, and watched avidly as she fingered herself to a climax in front of me.

Straddling Hannah's body, now gleaming with sweat, I dipped my head to her pussy and took an experimental lick. She tasted so sweet I stuck my tongue right into her without ceremony and began to eat her out enthusiastically, as she repaid the compliment with some more tonguing to my quivering cunt. We were rolling about the floor in our frantic 69 when Hannah let out a loud long moan and began to quiver. I tasted her juices as they coated my mouth. Her sweet taste sent me over the edge and my climax washed over me, joining me with her in cumming. The room was filled with our moans as we worked each other over and down from our peaks. 

Needless to say I visit Hannah's shop for underwear for me these days. I love her sexy designs -and trying them on always gives us an excuse for another' wild and steamy sex session!