 Marla walked down the aisle, feeling her pleated rayon skirt swirling around her legs and thighs as her hips swung seductively from side to side. Her breasts shifted in the tailored blouse she wore, unencumbered by a brassiere, nipples erect and no doubt visible through the shimmering silk. She could feel Jennifer's eyes following her. Ever since Marla had told Jennifer about her secret life, she'd felt the lovely young woman's interest growing. She wasn't certain it was sexual, but she had every intention of finding out. 

There was nothing quite as exciting as seducing another woman, of being the first woman to touch her, to kiss her, to lick her sweet pussy until she screamed. Marla had been seduced like that by a teacher when she was in high school. Some would say what happened to her was a bad thing, that Ms. Carlson should have been arrested and put in jail. But not Marla. Emily had given her the gift of a lifetime, a gift that kept on giving as some famous solicitation campaign once suggested. Marla had been giving and receiving ever since, in the most exciting and satisfying ways. Perhaps she could give Jennifer a little pleasure as well. Wouldn't that be lovely?!

Jennifer was standing at the copy machine, intent on the project she was working at. Marla glanced down the corridor in either direction before stepping into the small room, her eyes quickly returning to Jennifer. She wore tailored slacks, the light gabardine caressingly conforming to the round cheeks of her tight bottom which were thrust into prominence by her high heels. Marla felt a surge of excitement in her loins. On impulse she stepped up to the younger woman and slid her fingers over the lovely curve where Jennifer's slender waist swept out to her rounded hips and pert bottom. Jennifer gasped, her hands suddenly still on the papers covering the top of the large copier.

"Watchya working on?" Marla leaned closer, the tips of her breasts nudging into Jennifer's shoulder blades as she peered over the shorter girl's shoulder. Jennifer started to talk and then paused to clear her throat. Those lovely round cheeks were nestled against Marla's loins stirring juices already flowing between her thighs.

"The Donaldson report." Marla raised one hand and slid it slowly between Jennifer's arm and her side, extending her fingers until they touched the papers in the younger woman's hand.

"I worked on that too." This conversation would have made perfect sense to anyone listening to the women talking. Yet, had they seen Marla's curvaceous body pressed against Jennifer's back, her hand only inches from Jennifer's firm, full breast, they would have concluded something quite other than work was unfolding at that moment. And, of course, they' d be right in their assessment. Jennifer remained perfectly still as Marla withdrew her hand, staring down at the red-tipped fingers turning to lightly brush the side of her breast as they retreated.

"I can tell the project is in good shape." Marla allowed her fingers to once again caress the round curve of Jennifer's bottom, then stepped back to leave. She paused at the door and turned.

"If you ever need a hand with anything, anything at all, let me know." Jennifer peered over her shoulder, her lovely face flushed with either embarrassment or excitement. Marla was confident it was excitement.

A number of women from the office stopped off at the local watering hole that night and to Marla's surprise one of them was Jennifer. Marla often had a drink with her co-workers but she couldn't recall Jennifer ever joining them before. She could barely contain the smile that crossed her face as the lovely young woman walked past the line of men at the bar toward their booth in the corner. As luck would have it Marla was seated by herself so the natural place for Jennifer was next to her. Their eyes met for an instant as Jennifer slid onto the vinyl covered cushion. The two women across from them were reporting the adventures of their day, the usual stuff Marla had heard often before. She listened with only half her attention, her mind and eyes wandering repeatedly toward the lush young woman whose thigh was touching her own. She'd been a little surprised by Jennifer's coyness in the copy room. She could easily have brushed Marla off. But she hadn't moved, she hadn't objected in any way. Even when Marla's fingers brushed against the side of her breast, she hadn't made a peep. And now this, coming to the bar. Jennifer had heard the three women talking about stopping for a drink but hadn't said a thing. Obviously something was going on with her, something that might very well include a dalliance with Marla. She certainly hoped so.

Sidney and Clarice finished their second drink and excused themselves. They were both married and had to get home before their husbands had a fit, at least that's the way Clarice put it as she slipped on her jacket. Marla met both of their husbands at the last Christmas party and felt no jealousy toward either of her co-workers. That was exactly what she didn't want. What she wanted with every fiber of her being was seated next to her at that very moment.

"I think I'd better be going too." They were both still nursing their second drink and hadn't quite found their stride talking with one another without company. Marla turned slightly on the bench seat, the move bringing her knee firmly against Jennifer's warm thigh. Jennifer was peering over at her and their eyes held each other for a moment. Marla allowed her eyes to lower for a moment to the open front of the younger woman's blouse, to the hint of cleavage between those lovely breasts. When she raised her eyes again she saw Jennifer biting her lip.

"Don't look so worried. I'm not going to attack you in this bar." Jennifer's lips lifted into a sheepish smile. It was difficult to tell whether the flush in her face was from the alcohol or this turn in their conversation.

"I'm not worried." Her voice was delightful to listen to. It had a crackle that seemed at once sexy and little girlish. Marla smiled broadly.

"Good." Jennifer swung her head, throwing her long hair off her face. Then she reached up to pull it back, the move causing her breasts to lift. Her blouse pulled tight across the fullness of her bosom. Marla's eyes feasted for a moment, her mind wondering whether the move was intended for that purpose. She had little doubt such a lovely young woman had gotten lots of attention through the years and had probably developed the fine art of seduction long ago. Their eyes met again and Jennifer smiled. She'd put her hair up and was suddenly transformed from small town lovely to big city beauty. She looked almost elegant with her hair piled on the top of her head.

"You know, I have the makings for daiquiri's at home, if you're interested." Jennifer smiled, a funny expression crossing her face. Marla guessed her friend was getting a little playful after her second drink.

"So is this the spider inviting the fly into her web?" She giggled as she spoke. Marla smiled and winked.

"Tell me, do I look anything like a spider?" She slowly moistened her lips with her tongue before winking again.

Marla felt Jennifer's body close to hers as she fumbled with the key at the door of her apartment. The alcohol seemed to catch up with her friend pretty quickly, either that or she was playing the role of the drunk to give herself permission for what she was doing. After their encounter in the copy room, there was no way Jennifer could have come here without expecting Marla to make a pass at her, a serious pass. Marla reached out with her left arm and drew Jennifer's body against hers as she slid the key into the lock. Jennifer made no effort to resist.

Marla reached around her friend and pushed the door closed, the move causing a small collision. The entryway was completely dark except for the dim light from the large windows in the living room at the end of the hallway. Marla knew perfectly well where the light switch was, but somehow that seemed the least important concern at the moment. She turned in the dark, knowing she would find Jennifer standing there. Their bodies collided again and Jennifer giggled. Marla reached out, her arms instinctively finding Jennifer's torso. Her hands drew the warm body close to hers and was quickly rewarded by the feeling of lush breasts pressing into her own. There was a sharp intake of breath followed by fingers taking hold of her arms. Soft skin touched her cheek and she knew it was Jennifer's face leaning against hers. Then the hands began sliding up her arms and around her shoulders. Marla allowed her hands to slide lower, fingers spreading over the round bottom she'd so appreciated that afternoon. She drew Jennifer closer and was rewarded with a sigh as their loins pressed together. She could tell the girl was hot, that despite her inexperience she was open to the feelings of excitement stirred by being with another woman. Marla felt emboldened.

Raising her hands from Jennifer's firm bottom she allowed fingers to play up along the slender woman's torso until they were pressing into the bulging sides of those lovely breasts. Her thumbs slid beneath each mound, then pressed up into the fullness of Jennifer's bosom. Marla felt the fingers relaxing on her shoulders followed by a subtle shift of her friend's body as it leaned back just enough for the thumbs to find engorged nipples. Marla quickly spread her fingers over the heavy breasts, gently squeezing. Jennifer groaned as Marla's fingertips teased her erect nipples through the thin cotton blouse.

Marla suddenly needed light. She wanted to see her partner's eyes when she touched her, to caress Jennifer's lovely body with her eyes as they danced this dance of seduction. She slid her hands around Jennifer's torso and drew her close again before reaching for the light switch.

"Don't be shocked, I'm going to switch on the light." The light was quite dim, but still shocking after the minutes of anonymity in the dark. Jennifer lifted one hand to cover her eyes, whether because of the brightness of the light or a feeling of embarrassment after allowing Marla to caress her breasts like that. Marla released her embrace and took Jennifer's free hand before starting down the hall.

"Just relax sweetheart." This was going to be easier than she'd expected if she could judge by Jennifer's reaction to their embrace in the dark. She was hotter than a pistol and Marla knew exactly how to pull the trigger. She led Jennifer to the living room and directed her to the sofa. Marla noticed that a couple of buttons of Jennifer's blouse had come undone during their brief interlude in the entryway and now those luscious breasts were fully on display. It took all of Marla's restraint to keep from attacking the girl right there on the sofa. She knew from experience that an indirect approach was much more likely to work with a virgin. She settled on the sofa and took Jennifer's hand in hers.

"Do you want a glass of water, or a cup of coffee?" Jennifer smiled sheepishly at her.

"I guess I got a little drunk." Marla laughed.

"Just a little bit and its no problem." Jennifer turned on the sofa to face Marla squarely. She looked incredibly desirable with her hair disheveled, her face flushed, her full lips moist with gloss, her deep-set eyes sparkling. Marla waited as the younger woman seemed to be formulating something important she intended to say. Marla's eyes instinctively lowered to gaze at the full breasts threatening to tumble out of the diminutive brassiere Jennifer wore. Her attention caused Jennifer to glance down and for the first time she was aware of how exposed she was. She giggled.

"You work fast." Jennifer's hands moved awkwardly, her fingers appearing out of control as they reached toward the front of her blouse. Marla felt a wave of disappointment but then something remarkable happened. Rather than button the blouse, Jennifer proceeded to undo the remaining buttons before pulling the blouse free of her slacks. When she had finished she peered up at Marla, that sheepish smile appearing on her face again.

"I thought I'd help." Marla gazed openly at Jennifer's breasts in the exquisitely delicate brassiere. The engorged nipples were plainly visible in the lacey, translucent nylon cups that covered little more than the center of each gorgeous breast. Marla lifted her hand and brushed her fingers across Jennifer's cheek, then down her neck. On impulse she leaned forward and touched her lips to Jennifer's mouth before withdrawing.

"Thank you." Her hand slid behind Jennifer's neck, along her opposite shoulder as she gently pulled the lovely young woman into her embrace. There was no resistance.

"You're really something sweetheart." Marla raised her free hand and slowly spread her fingers over one of Jennifer's lush breasts, deftly sliding the tips into the delicate cup until the heavy mound was cradled in her palm. Both women gazed down at the caressing fingers, at the fully exposed breast, its rigid nipple announcing Jennifer's appreciation of the touch. Again Marla lowered her lips to Jennifer's, this time holding the contact. Jennifer groaned as she returned the kiss, lips softening, then parting against Marla's. This was better than Marla could have dreamed. Their tongues joined in the kiss and quickly the temperature in Marla's small apartment reached the boiling point. Tonight was definitely going to be a night to remember.

Marla gazed down at Jennifer's mouth gently sucking at her breast, lips moving, tongue dancing around the distended nipple. Her lover's fingers were between her thighs, practicing a caress as old as time, one that every woman first learned with herself and only rarely offered to another woman. Jennifer did it perfectly. Marla's fingers were caressing her partner's luscious breasts, waiting patiently until Jennifer worked up the courage to slide those lovely lips and tongue down her body to where those wonderful fingers were making preparations. She'd already tasted Jennifer's sweet pussy, already driven her over the edge of release. It was her turn now and she had confidence Jennifer wouldn't disappoint her.

Marla awoke the next morning delighted that Jennifer lay next to her. She gazed over at the lovely young woman who'd been such a willing pupil during their hours of lovemaking. Marla settled back on her pillow and closed her eyes, her mind once again drifting back to those days when she'd been the pupil and Emily Carlson her teacher. Ms. Carlson taught English and was also the drama coach. That was how they met. Marla was pretty enough and outgoing enough that many people thought she'd go into show business. She caught the bug early and had been in children's theater. It was a natural for her to try out for the senior class play that Ms. Carlson was directing. And Ms. Carlson was more than happy to offer the star of the production private coaching in her lovely apartment not far from the high school.

"You need to project your voice from here." Ms. Carlson stood close behind Marla, one hand squarely in the middle of her back, the other wrapped around and pressing into her belly just below her breasts. They were standing in front of a mirror affixed to the back of the door Ms Carlson closed as they entered the small bedroom that had been converted into an office of sorts. Marla was very serious about her coaching, listening intently to Ms. Carlson's words, eyes staring at the fingers spread over her flat belly. She also was aware of the sensation of breasts pressing into her arm, her mind recalling days in the classroom when the young woman stood by the blackboard speaking to the class while boys around her were whispering about their teacher's sexy figure. Despite her efforts to dress conservatively, there was nothing she could do about the oversized breasts that filled whatever blouse or sweater she chose to wear. Marla glanced at her own breasts reflected in the mirror. She wasn't built like Ms. Carlson, but she was very satisfied with her figure, with her lovely bosom that earned her more than enough attention. She was enough of a flirt to show off her figure every chance she could get.

They'd been meeting privately for a couple of weeks and it was only just beginning to dawn on Marla that Emily touched her in some way every time they spent time alone together. Occasionally it was to offer direction, at other times to share enthusiasm over work done well. Marla enjoyed the attention and even looked forward to the physical intimacy of a hand on her back, an arm around her waist, a hug at the end of their time together. She also appreciated seeing Emily away from school because the lovely young woman was more relaxed in her own home where she dressed in jeans and a tee shirt rather than the more formal attire she wore at school. Af first she'd been shocked to discover exactly how sexy her teacher was in tight jeans and a tee shirt that stretched over those large breasts, which seemed unencumbered by a brassiere. But soon Emily felt more like an older friend, almost like a sister to her, especially as their physical intimacy grew.

"Now when you kiss Tom you have to consider your audience. You can't just turn your head and press your lips together. Here, let me show you." They were in front of the mirror again and Emily was close at her side, her teacher's hand resting on her waist where it swelled out to the roundness of her hip. Marla turned slightly as Emily stepped around her. The next thing she knew the young woman's free hand slid beneath her arm and around her waist as she drew their bodies together. Whatever Emily had hoped to show her suddenly disappeared from her mind as Marla felt those firm breasts against her smaller bosom, felt a leg slide between her thighs. A rush of emotions caught her up and then, to compound the shock soft lips suddenly were against her mouth. It wasn't a kiss exactly, but as close as you could come to one without actually doing it. After a moment Emily stood back.

"See, you can't turn your back to the audience and you don't want to put your partner in that position either. Now look at the mirror as though the audience were sitting there." Once again Emily took Marla into her arms, pressing their bodies even closer together. Marla's eyes were on the mirror but whatever Emily had wanted her to watch for was completely lost as she stared in awe at two women's bodies pressing together in what could only be described as a passionate embrace. Then those full lips were on hers again and her eyes automatically closed. This was a kiss and there was no denying it. Soft lips spread against her own and she could do nothing but respond to the gentle pressure. After what seemed an eternity Emily slowly pulled away. Marla opened her eyes finding Emily in front of her looking more beautiful than she'd ever seemed before, her lips moist from their kiss, her deepset eyes bright, her cheeks flushed with excitement.

They finished their work for the night and Marla walked home in a daze. She wasn't certain whether Emily had just made a pass at her, or if she was simply imagining the whole thing. Sure there was an embrace, even a kiss. But it could have been nothing more than a teaching exercise. Her sleep that night was troubled, as was her hour in Ms. Carlson's class the next day. She kept looking to the beautiful woman in the front of the classroom expecting some sign that a remarkable event had occurred between them the night before. But all she saw was a sensual, voluptuous woman whom she kissed behind a closed door in that small bedroom.

But that night in Emily's home Marla got all the confirmation she ever needed. The moment Marla took off her jacket Emily pulled her into an embrace and those full, glistening lips touched her again. Within only a few moments they were kissing one another passionately. That this desirable creature she was kissing was another woman meant nothing to Marla. The intimacy they'd been creating together over the weeks prepared the way for this sexual encounter. Soon they were on the well worn sofa making out. Emily's hands were on her body, fingers gently caressing her breasts as a wet tongue slid between her parted lips. Marla hardly knew what hit her as she gave herself to this creature who seemed intent on devouring her completely. That, of course, was exactly what happened that night. Marla finally lost her virginity, only to her delight and shock, it was a woman's finger that broke her hymen, not a man's cock. Best of all, however, her pain was lovingly soothed by the slithering tongue and pursed lips that quickly covered her sensitive pussy. What an education that was!
