 Chapter 1: Not All Rainy Days Are Sad

Lisa watched the puddles form on the streets as the rain fell. Each drop disturbed the street lamp's reflection in the puddles. Lisa sighed as she had hoped it would be a good night, yet her parents were gone and her good friend, Tianna was caught up at work. She thought of a few guys she could call, but each were either gone or still at work. Feeling bored she decided to just try and make the best of the night.

She went down to the TV room and turned on something that seemed funny. "The Simpsons" she thought. "Homer is dumb enough to make the most bored person laugh." She then got herself some water to drink and sat at the computer to check email. As she rustled through all the lame emails she heard a knock come at the door. She wondered who it could be.

Lisa adjusted her spaghetti strap top and jeans as she quickly checked herself out in the mirror, just in case it was a hot guy. She then peered through the spy hole to see who it was. She recognized the person as Linzee, a girl she knew of in high school. Linzee was a couple years older, but Lisa remembered seeing her in the halls. Feeling safe she opened the door. At this point the water was gushing down so she kindly let her in. 

Linzee stepped in and was soaked. She took of her jacket that, at this point, was hardly worth wearing and placed it in on the tile in the doorway to avoid getting anything wet. She explained how her car had broke down at the end of the street and that its seemed that no one was home anywhere. "You're the first person in four doors to open up." Lisa kindly found a towel and gave it to her to dry off with. Her black tank top clung to her skin and bra revealing every outline of her of her natural C-cups. Lisa caught herself admiring Linzee's shape, but then asked "Can I get you a drink?"

"Sure water would be fine. Not that I haven't had enough of that." Lisa giggled and hurried off to get some water. When she returned Linzee had just finished drying off her legs and short shorts. Linzee was still fairly wet. But at least now she was out of the rain. "So you mind if I wait her until the tow truck arrives? It should only be an hour."

Lisa understood and felt that she really had no choice though she didn't mind being nice and accepted the offer. Linzee tried to dry her hair but the gel, now wet from the rain, just made things worse. Obviously frustrated by it she asked if it would be OK to take a quick shower to warm up and fix her hair. Once again Lisa felt that it would be rude to deny the request so she agreed. 

Lisa gave her a new towel and showed her to bathroom with the best shower. Linzee thanked her as she closed the door. While the shower was running Lisa felt a little strange. She couldn't help but to return her thoughts back to Linzee's chest. How nicely they had become. So full and on her short 5'1 frame they looked even nicer. Lisa shook her head to clear the thoughts out of her mind and made some hot chocolate for her guest.

Soon she heard the water turn off and in a few minutes Linzee was in the kitchen wrapped up in the towel. Her jet black hair looked so soft smooth as it was just barely fluffed dry. Lisa soon found herself admiring it and her dark eyes. She almost felt herself get lost in them when Linzee asked if the hot cocoa Lisa has holding was for her. Lisa smiled and blushed a little as she nodded and handed over the mug.

The two girls sat down around the table and sipped their hot cocoa and tried to make small talk. Not much was said, just a few thoughts of how life had changed and how high school had its ups and downs. From there things moved towards boys and the troubles they bring. Lisa was shocked to hear how Linzee found it hard to get dates. She was so hot. Linzee explained that she was a bit picky so that kept most of the date numbers down. For a moment silenced enter the room once more. Linzee then looked at Lisa and giggled. She reached her finger out and wiped off a hot cocoa mustache that was left on Lisa's upper lip she then licked her finger clean. 

Lisa felt chills run through her body. Linzee smiled as if she had noticed the chills and looked deep into Lisa's eyes. Lisa tried to look down or away, but she couldn't help but to look back. Lisa grew a bit nervous as light tingles were forming inside her. Her hands shook a little under the table. "What is going on?" she thought. Just then Linzee stood up and, still looking into her eyes, removed her towel and kindly handed it back to Lisa. "Here is your towel back."

Lisa's eyes fell automatically to Linzee's chest. She tried to stop looking but she couldn't. Linzee stepped closer. Her breasts were directly in Lisa's face. Lisa looked up a bit flushed. She held out her hand and took the towel. "uhhh tha...I mean you're welcome." Lisa turned to stand up but Linzee had taken a few steps closer, straddling Lisa and the chair. Linzee placed a finger under Lisa's chin and lifted it up. Then with an evil grin, "Don't guys just suck? Why do we even need them?" She then slithered down and sat on Lisa's lap. Lisa, still not knowing what to do just sat there. 

Linzee's hands slid up Lisa's arms and then took her head softly and held it as she leaned in for a kiss. Lisa wanted to pull away but couldn't. Her heart was pounding. Her nipples had began to be alert. Her curiosity got the best of her and she let the kiss happen. Lisa had been kissed by girls before. This wasn't new. But never by a nude girl. And never in such a way that her head began to spin. Lisa closed her eyes as the soft kiss swept her mind off into a world of escape. One that was free of men who say "I love you" while they are hard, but act as if they are blind while soft. Lisa felt the soft, nude breasts rest just above hers as the kiss brought their two bodies closer.

The kissing must have trapped Lisa's attention because she made no counter moves as Linzee's fingers slowly lowered the straps to her top. Slipping them lower, Linzee allowed for enough room that the top could be slid down. Her perky breasts were now in full view. As a breeze passed Lisa became aware of this and felt slight panic. Linzee, recognizing the panic calmed her with a kiss and asked her to relax. "I promise you will be fine. More than fine even." She smiled softly. Lisa still didn't know what to do, but held still long enough for Linzee to slip the top up and over her head. Lisa's breast stood to attention and responded well to the soft finger tips that were now tracing her nipples.

Lisa was a bit nervous and excited at the same time. Thoughts of the whole thing raced through her head. She had always considered herself too boy crazy for any of this. She was at a loss, but one thing was for sure. She had never felt this good with any guy she had been with.

Linzee stood and lead Lisa by the hand over to the couch where she laid Lisa on her back. Her soft lips traced Lisa's neck with kisses as her fingers carefully unbuttoned the jeans. As Linzee lowered the jeans, Lisa became a bit embarrassed as the cool air brought to her attention that she wasn't completely dry down there. Linzee smiled as she felt the moist spot with the tip of her finger. "Looks like we need to take some wet clothes off of you now." She winked and gently caressed the spot with her finger. Lisa's body jerked a little as it sent a sensation rushing through her body. Her hands met Linzee's hand in a plea to stop her but just then it caressed just right and Lisa found her hands flinging to the cushions of the couch, gripping as if she was about to fall off it.

Linzee continued to caress as she softly kissed a nipple. Teasing it with a tongue she took it into her mouth. Sucking softly. Lisa felt her nipple begin to swell within Linzee's mouth. She also noticed that she was beginning to buck softly as Linzee's magic finger teased her uncontrollably. Linzee then sat up and slowly removed Lisa's panties, now drenched. Linzee then slid her hand back down Lisa's thigh and to the moist spot. She looked deep into Lisa's eyes as she slowly rubbed. Lisa tried to hide the excitement, but to no avail. She wanted it. She need it. And for some reason she felt that it had to be from Linzee.

Linzee knew the look Lisa had all too well and let her two fingers slide deep inside. Lisa tilted her head back and moaned. Linzee then curled her fingers upwards. Lisa's back arched as she turned her head towards the cushion and bit into it. Linzee continued to play with Lisa as if she were a violin maestro playing a classic piece. Lisa bucked and moaned deeply. Her chest heaved. Linzee built up some speed. Lisa could barely take it. She began to shake a little. Then all of a sudden froze and let out a deep, squealing moan. Followed by another. She came hard. Her body then grew limp and rested into the couch.

Linzee lick off her fingers and then knelt, placing her head between Lisa's legs. She softly began cleaning off the mess Lisa had made. Lisa felt a second orgasm begin to form. Lisa put her hands down to Linzee's head to try and stop her, but just then Linzee took her clit into her mouth and gently sucked. Lisa began to buck once more. Within a few seconds Lisa was coming again. This time much stronger.

Linzee then stood up and with a smile whispered into Lisa's ear. "Don't guys suck?" Lisa whimpered and nodded. Linzee then got dressed with spare clothes that she pulled out of her bag. She gave Lisa a soft kiss on the check and said "I better get going now."

"Don't you need to wait for the tow truck?"

"What tow truck?" She replied with an evil grin and left as she placed her number on the table near the door.