 There's no way I'm going to make it there in time. I thought to myself as I pulled my long, wet, red hair back into a tight ponytail. I had just gotten out of the shower, and I was supposed to be at my neighbors' house to baby-sit in 10 minutes. Mr. Dumont and his wife, a newly married young couple had just had their first baby, a beautiful boy, and needed a night off. I quickly threw a pair of jean-shorts and a tight tank top on. I admired myself in the mirror for a quick second. I looked pretty good for a night of babysitting. I grabbed my purse and ran out the door, shouting goodbye to my mother.

Their house was two doors down from mine so it took me no time to get there. I rang the doorbell and Mr. Dumont answered. He was in his late 20's, good looking and had a beautiful body. All my girlfriends would come over when he was mowing the lawn. "Hey Lisa, so great of you to do this for us, we know newborns can be a handful." he said.

"No problem, I didn't have any plans tonight anyway." I responded.

"That's hard to believe, a young thing like you." he said, while looking me up and down, retaining his eyes a little too long on my tight tank top. I blushed a little and asked where Mrs. Dumont was. "She is in the other room getting ready. And please, call her Sarah, she feels too old when people call her that. And call me Greg."

"Ok, Greg." I said with a smile.

With that, Mrs. Dumont, Sarah, came out of the bathroom. I never really noticed how beautiful she was. Her slender body was wearing a simple tight black dress, short with spaghetti straps. Her brown hair was curled and cascading down to the middle of her back. Her full breasts were popping out of the dress and although I had never really fantasized about women before, I couldn't stop looking at them. I felt a tingling between my thighs, and had to turn away so I could pay attention to what she was saying to me. 

"Now, all the emergency numbers are on the fridge, along with our cell phone number, so if there are any problems, don't hesitate to call." I smiled, said ok, and followed them to the door. "He's asleep in there, but if he should wake up, there's breast milk in the fridge, just warm it up and give it to him in a bottle." Sarah said, as her hubby pulled her toward the car.

"Stop worrying, I know he'll be fine, he's in good hands. "Greg said with a smile and another full body look directed towards me. I didn't notice too much because I was still mesmerized by Sarah's beautiful breasts.

I waved to them as they drove away and shut the door behind me, leaning against it. What was wrong with me? Why had I been so fascinated by her body? No women had really turned me on before this moment. Oh well, I kind of liked the feeling it was giving me in my pussy. I let my hand slide down my stomach, under my panties and into my cunt. I was so wet. I rubbed my clit for a few minutes, fantasizing about Sarah, before retreating to their living room couch.

I slumped down on the couch and turned the TV on. Nothing to do for a few hours. After about an hour, while wrapped up in a made for TV movie, I heard the sounds of a baby crying. I quickly got up and went to his room. He was in his crib, red faced with tears streaming down. I picked him up and cooed at him, trying to sooth him. I went to the kitchen with him in my arms and set a pot to boil. I heated up the breast milk and poured it into a bottle. When it was warm, I fed it to him, and put him back to bed. While I was bringing the bottle back to the kitchen I became curious. I wonder what breast milk tasted like? Especially her breast milk. I had never been breastfed myself, so could not remember, even if I could. I squirted a little into my mouth. It tasted like regular milk, but a little sweeter. I put the bottle in the sink and went back to my movie.

Before I knew it, I heard the sounds of a car coming up the driveway. I heard keys jingling in the door and when it opened, to my surprise, only Sarah walked in. She explained to me that they had gone out to a bar, and because she was breastfeeding, she could not drink. So when Greg saw all his friends and started buying rounds, she got tired and came home. Before she had a chance to finish, we heard the baby crying in the other room. "Aw," She said. "My poor baby misses his mommy. Come on, why don't you stay for a little while. You could help me out and we can watch TV or something." I agreed and we walked to the back room.

She instructed me to pick up the baby so she could situate herself. She sat in a big comfy rocking chair and took one arm out of her dress. She began to remove the front part of her bra; it was removable for feeding. My eyes got wide and I became excited at the thought of seeing her breasts. She must have seen me looking because she asked if it bothered me to watch her do this. I said no and apologized for staring. She removed the front completely and her engorged, swollen breast hung out for me to enjoy. Her nipple was large and her areola was dark. I thought I would cum at the sight. I told her that I had never seen another woman's breasts before, and I had also never been breastfed. I gave her the baby and immediately it starting sucking on her nipple. She said that was a shame, great bonds form when mothers breastfeed and it is extremely healthy for the baby. I admitted shyly that when he had woken up earlier I had tasted a little of her milk. She said it was normal to be curious, and not to be ashamed.

Almost as soon as he started crying, he had stopped. Sarah cradled him, her beautiful breast hanging out still. "Well Lisa, would you like to try it?" 

My eyes widened and my pussy tightened at the thought of having her breast in my mouth. I silently nodded, as though I were in a trance. She smiled and got up to put the baby down. "Lets get out of here, I don't want to wake him." She said. She led me to her bedroom where she sat down in the middle of the bed. She beckoned me toward her and I obediently followed. She told me to position my head under her breast. I could lie down if I liked. I did and she gently lifted her breast up and fed it into my mouth. I had her nipple between my lips. 

Her breast was soft and she smelled wonderful. I began to suck on her nipple and almost immediately warm milk spilled into my mouth. It tasted sweet and warm. I sucked a little bit harder and moaned into her flesh. I could hear her breathing quicken as I increased my pressure on her tit. She had her arms wrapped around me, cradling me, but as her breathing increased, her hands roamed my body, kneading my flesh. I put my hand on her thigh, and watched as her head rolled back and she let out a quiet moan. My hand moved slowly up her thigh to under her short skirt as I kept feeding on her wonderful milk. My fingers grazed her pussy, teasing her a little. She bit her lip as I started massaging her clit through her panties. 

I could feed her dripping pussy leaking through the cloth, so I moved the fabric aside and inserted a finger into her sopping wet pussy. She groaned as I penetrated her with 2 more fingers, wiggling them back and forth inside her, right on her g-spot. I was moaning into her breast, loving every drop of that succulent nectar. I started ramming my fingers deep inside her, 4 fingers in her soaked cunt. I started attacking her clit with one finger, wanting to make her cum. She was moaning loud and breathing heavy and close to orgasm. I rubbed her harder and fucked her with as much of my hand as would fit inside her beautiful pussy. He milk filled my mouth as she came all over my hand, grabbing my head and shoving my face onto her breast. She was screaming for me not to stop. As her orgasm subsided, I kept pressure on her clit, milking the rest of the orgasm out of her as I had her sweet juice. 

I let her tit fall out of my mouth and reached up to give her a wet, milky kiss. I brought my fingers up to my mouth and licked her pussy juice. "Mmmm, I love the way every part of you tastes." I groaned.

"Anytime you're hungry!" She said with a sly smile. "I'd be happy to oblige."