 Copyright © May 2018 by CiaoSteve

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work.

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Author's Notes

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.

Foreword #3: The author does not condone nor encourage the practice of incest.

Foreword #4: This is a sixth chapter in the Little Sis series. Although there is a little recap at the start of the story, you may want to read the earlier parts to get up to speed with the journey so far.

Foreword #5: Thank you so much to mbrow for being kind enough to read the draft story and provide his edits. Very much appreciated.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Gabriella, or Gabi to her friends, will always be my "Little Sis". Not because she was younger than me, in actual fact she was a year older, but because she was . . . how can I say it simply . . . little.

OK, so she was not really my sister. She was my step-sister. I'd watched Little Sis grow up from young wannabe gymnast/dancer, through to sexually charged seductress. It was the latter which had really taken me by surprise. The sweet innocent Gabi, whom I had known for years, went away to university and what came back was a totally different young woman, a woman who knew what she wanted and knew how to go about getting it.

It started just after my eighteenth birthday with a strange present of two tickets to a rather old-fashioned retro cinema. Not wanting to upset her feelings I went along with the idea and soon found out that the tickets were just an excuse for a little private time together. The real present was to cum a little later, Gabi on the end of my finger and myself flooding my boxers.

Christmas though was when things really heated up. Gabi had it all planned. A discreet blowjob one night was followed by full on sex the next. That Christmas would be forever etched in my memory. Christmas was followed some weeks later by a most enjoyable weekend at Little Sis' place with her and her lesbian lover. Quite unexpectedly, I came to enjoy both women.

There was a twist though, in the form of a Valentine's card slipped under the door to my flat. An unsigned card, hand written with two simple words . . .

"Te Amo"

Life had become just that little bit more complicated when I found out who my secret admirer was. Unbeknown to me, whilst I was drooling over Little Sis, one of my study mates, Mara, was dreaming over me. One step led to another, culminating in the two of us making music together back in my apartment. After one such session she ended up staying the night. It was only then that I realised my tendency to talk in my sleep. OK, I didn't realise it, but Mara certainly did, and now I had a dilemma to resolve.

Even an Easter back home, with the sole intention of telling Little Sis that our bit of fun had come to an end, didn't work out as I intended. Despite all my best intentions, a little "Easter egg" got in the way and Little Sis never did quite come to understand what I was saying, although she did cum a lot. So now, holidays over, I can only brace myself for what was to happen when Gabi met Mara.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

There are always some things in life which are so predictable. For example, why does time go so fast when you are having fun, or why does it always seem that the grass is greener on the other side? There are many such sayings, but the one in my mind at the moment was around not being able to put off the inevitable. Three weeks had already flown by—that was the having fun bit, back alone with darling Mara—and now Little Sis' visit was almost upon us—that was the never being able to put off the inevitable bit.

My mood had changed and not necessarily for the better. The more I thought about her visit, the tetchier I became. It wasn't Mara's fault. In fact, it wasn't anything to do with Mara. I guess, in a nutshell, I was scared. They say that what you don't know can't hurt you, and to be honest I wanted to keep it that way. So, what was I scared of? I guess it was the unpredictability which came with Little Sis. If nothing else she was kind of impetuous, and I really didn't know if she was going to keep us a secret. Yes, she had said that she wouldn't tell Mara about Jamie and Gabi but even so, I had my doubts. Boy, I couldn't wait to get this weekend over with. It was just the not knowing which worried me. Not knowing whether I'd be left to pick up the pieces, or in fact whether there would even be any pieces left to pick up.

So, there was only one thing for it. Back to my opening statement of why does time go so fast when you are having fun. The answer was there, in full view. Little Sis would be here for two nights and two days, so make sure the time was packed out with lots of fun things to do. With a fun-filled weekend there wouldn't even be the opportunity for her to get up to any mischief.

She would arrive on the Friday night. That was an easy one; food, drink and she was bound to be tired after the journey. Saturday, now that was a little trickier but maybe the excuse of some private time with my step-sister would keep her out of harm's reach. Saturday night was the one to keep an eye on, and then Sunday she would be off back home.

Why was I scheming like this? Was I really so worried or was I just being overly cautious? I guess there was so much at stake, so much to lose. But then, would she really do this to me? She had Jules, her lesbian lover, and they both seemed so happy together, so maybe what we had was just a bit of fun. She genuinely did seem happy for me when I told her about Mara, but we did still end up being a little more than just siblings when it came to that Easter egg. Oh boy, life was so difficult. Roll on Monday was all I could think.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

By the time Friday came around, you could cut the tension with a knife. There were still a couple of hours before Little Sis arrived, but already I was on edge and it was obvious that Mara had noticed. It was in that same dining area, the one where I first noticed how coy Mara was being to me, that we ended up chatting over a late afternoon coffee.

"There's something wrong, isn't there Jamie?" she asked, her eyes showing the merest concern for my wellbeing.

"No, I'm fine," came an almost distant reply.

"You can't mean that. I can see it in your eyes. Something is wrong."

There was a pause. Maybe too long a pause as I thought about what to say. I could hardly come clean, could I?

"Look, Jamie. It's me, Mara. You can tell me. Have I done something to upset you?"

"No, nothing."

"So, if it's not me, then what is it. You've been so different over the last few days."

Again, a pause. I really wasn't up for twenty questions, but I guessed I was going to get it nonetheless.

"Nothing. Really, it's nothing. I guess I'm just a little nervous about . . . "

It was at this point that I realised just how good Mara was at reading my mind. I was like an open book.

". . . a little nervous about Gabi coming for the weekend," she said, finishing my sentence almost word for word from what I was planning to say.

"Yes," I replied nonchalantly. "What if she doesn't like . . ."

". . . like the weekend? . . . like spending time with you? . . . like me?"

"I guess so. I so want everything to go well. I've tried to think of everything, to pack in as much as we can. We can do the town, a meal, there's a band on at the uni, maybe the cinema also. What would you do Mara?"

This time it was Mara who paused for thought.

"It's all fantastic Jamie, but aren't you missing one thing?"

"What?"

"Well, answer me this. What did you do when you went to hers?"

"Mmmm . . . we did the town . . . yes, and a meal . . . some wine . . . and I guess some time together, me, Gabi and her girlfriend Jules."

"So, don't you see what's missing Jamie? You've fretted about packing the weekend out, but where is the us time? The whole idea of this visit was for us all to get to know each other. Give her some space Jamie and let her chill. I'm sure we'll have some things in common to talk about."

"You're right Mara." I had to admit she was correct. The whole idea was for her to meet Little Sis and I was busy making sure it happened as little as possible. "Yes, we should make some time for us. And that's another thing. I've been thinking about the sleeping arrangements. I know you said that Gabi could stay with you, but don't you think it would be better for her to have my room and I stay at yours? After all, the two of you haven't even met yet, so what if you don't hit it off?"

"Jamie, if I didn't know better, I could think you were trying to keep the two of us apart. But, more importantly, did Gabi leave you all alone when you went to hers?"

"No," I replied sheepishly "but that was different. She had a big house."

"It's no different. You don't want your step-sister all alone on an alien campus. So, the answer is . . . she sleeps at mine! I promise not to bite. Now, isn't it time you ought to be thinking about making a move?"

I glanced down at my watch, shocked at where the time had gone. If I didn't get my skates on Little Sis would be waiting at the station and I'd be nowhere to be seen. I smiled at Mara, gave her a quick kiss on the lips and bid my farewell.

"Oh, and Jamie," she called after me. "Bring her to mine first so that she can drop her bags off."

"Yes, yes," I replied, now trying to hurriedly make my exit. "Let me ask her what she prefers when she gets here."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

We made it back to campus a couple of hours later. The train had been a little late. Against Mara's better wishes I dropped the bags off in my room. If nothing else, I wanted the chance to catch up a little before introducing Little Sis to Mara. I guess it was a case of putting off the inevitable once more. Unbelievably though, she was having none of it.

"So, where is she? Where is this woman who is making an honest man of my Big Boy?" Little Sis teased.

Undeterred I tried to take her into my arms, but she simply evaded my grasp. This I certainly wasn't expecting, and to be honest I was a little perturbed by her nonchalance. Was this really my Little Sis, suddenly not wanting to know me? But then the other question was, why did I feel this way? It was obvious that she had come here with just one intention on her mind and that was to meet Mara. At least it would mean that the weekend went without any excitement. I should have been happy? Was it a case that, deep down, I wasn't sure that I trusted her? Or was it just so out of character?

"Later," I whispered, trying to grab her attention. "Now, how about a little time together first? Then a little food. There's a band on, so we could meet Mara then."

"No, Big Boy," she retorted. "I'm a little tired after the journey. Food sounds good, and maybe a quick drink, but now rather than later. Then a little sleep, me thinks. Tomorrow we can do everything you planned. Now, where would I find this Mara? Why else did you think I was here?"

I looked deep into her eyes, expecting a teasing wink or something of the like, but it never came. She was quite serious, and I knew there was no option when she was in this sort of mood. A matter of minutes later we were on the other side of the campus, knocking on a familiar door. I'd barely finished rapping my knuckles on the wood, when the door swung open and I was fighting off an excitable Mara. Immediately she had arms wrapped around my shoulders, her lips against mine as if we hadn't seen each other for months rather than the few hours it had actually been. Eventually, despite her better efforts, I pulled myself out of her grasp.

"Mara, please can I introduce Gabi."

Suddenly Mara was playing the shy, coy girlfriend. Had she really forgotten that Gabi was coming today? Surely not, but if not then she was playing a very good game. If I stopped to think about it, I would soon have recognised that this was simply a statement. In fact, it was too statements: "Hands Off" and "He's Mine".

"Good to meet you Gabi," came the reply along with a typically European kiss on each cheek. "It is so good to meet you at last. Jamie has told me so much."

"Nothing too bad, I hope," was the only reply from my step-sister.

So, it wasn't a chilly reception, but neither was it overly welcoming. It would be interesting to see how the evening developed, starting with a bite to eat. As Gabi had requested, we kept it simple. There was a Chinese place just off campus, nothing flashy just good wholesome food, which we often frequented. The food seemed to go down well, followed by a drink in the university bar. The band was on, but we didn't stay for long. To be honest they were not the best in the world. It was on the way back that Mara suddenly piped up.

"So, Gabi, I thought you could stay at mine whilst you were here. There's a spare bed as my roommate is away. What do you think?

"But, Mara," I jumped in "maybe Gabi wants her own private space. She could always stay at. . . "

I never got to finish the sentence. A hard kick on the ankle from Little Sis told me to shut up.

"I'd love to, Mara. Maybe we could use the time to get a little closer to each other." She turned and smiled in my direction. "Now, Jamie, would you be so sweet as to bring over my bag. I trust you know where to go."

With that, we went our separate directions. Half an hour later I was once again on my own, having left the two women to their night together. As I sauntered back to my place, I wondered just what they might be getting up to, or more to the point, just what they might be chatting about. I guessed I would find out the next morning, for good or for bad.

If only I could have been a fly on the wall. Maybe then I would know what was likely to be coming my way.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

On the other side of campus, the two women were making the most of their time together. A bottle of white was almost empty and, with reservations disappearing under the influence of alcohol, conversation was already flowing freely. Most of the questions though were heading in one direction.

"You're not Jamie's actual sister, are you?" probed Mara.

"Er, no, but we've been together as a family for several years. I guess that makes me his stepping-sister, do you think?"

There was laughter.

"Yes, I guess so . . . but we would say step-sister. I think Jamie likes you a lot though. You seem very close. What's he really like?"

"Well, as brothers go, I guess he's one of the best. God, it sounds so trite, but he's everything you might want and more. He's always been there for me when I've needed something, and I wouldn't want it any other way."

"So, you really do like him, just as much as he likes you."

"Yes of course, is that so odd?"

"And you say he'd do anything for you?"

"Yes . . . he's my brother isn't he."

"What sort of things does he do? Go on, tell me what it's like being with Jamie."

"Wow, Mara, you certainly ask a lot of questions."

"Oh, it's just the Latin in me. We tend to be very direct. Now where was I . . . oh, yes. Go on, then," she smiled as she spoke, "dish the dirt on him."

"Dirt?"

"You know, there must be some little secrets. Things only you would know, and he really wouldn't want you to let on about."

"I don't know what you mean. He's just Jamie, my lovely step-brother and I'm so happy he's found you. He came to see me over Easter and all he could talk about was his delightful Mara, nothing else. He loves you Mara."

Mara's face turned a deep shade of red. Had she misread the situation? Here she was, probing away to get Gabi to dish the dirt and it seemed that there was nothing to dish. She turned her attention away from Jamie, and instead enquired about Gabi as they finished off the wine.

"And how about you Gabi? Do you have a boyfriend?"

"No, not me."

"What? Somebody as pretty as you. Surely they'd be queuing around the block."

Gabi laughed, glanced at Mara, then replied.

"You know Mara, not everyone wants the same things. What is it you say about reading the outside of a book?"

"Er, not sure I follow you."

"You know, the cover doesn't always match the insides. You asked if I have a boyfriend. I said no, and you question why. I don't have a boyfriend, that's correct. But I do have a girlfriend, and to me she's as wonderful as my Jamie is to you."

There was a painful silence as Mara swallowed her pride. She really had put her foot in it.

"Please excuse me Gabi. After all that wine I really must pay a visit."

With that, Mara lifted herself up out of her beanbag. For anyone watching, it wasn't an elegant sight as, after several glasses, she was just a little unsteady on her feet. A firm ass, wrapped tightly in denim, waved more than once towards her guest. What Mara never noticed though, was the way that Gabi watched intently as she sauntered off in the direction of the little girl's room, nor the sly smile on Gabi's face.

By the time Mara returned the wine glasses had been filled again. She sat down once more on her beanbag. Was there something different or was she imagining it? Maybe it was the wine clouding her memory, but Gabi seemed just a little closer than before.

"I'm so sorry," Mara blurted out, trying to hide her embarrassment. " I really thought . . ."

". . . thought that Jamie and me were an item?" interrupted Gabi, who was now resting on one elbow and looking Mara straight in the eyes.

Mara had just become two-foot-tall, a mere shadow of herself sinking under the weight of her own actions. How was she going to get out of this one?

"You really thought we had got it off together, didn't you?"

"No, not at all."

"Sure? I may be a foreigner, but I can read the body language."

"Sorry?"

"Oh, you know Mara. The embrace like you hadn't seen him for an eternity. Is it really true love or was it more for my attention . . . you know, a sort of you can look but touching you better not do."

"No, not at all. I really didn't . . ."

"Of course, whatever you say. I believe you," came a rather doubting response, the eyes betraying any belief in what had been said. "Anyway, finish your wine and ask away. I guess neither of us have anything to hide."

It wasn't quite down in one, but it didn't take long for both glasses to be empty once more. It was Gabi who took them, and the bottle, out into the kitchen. This time round it was Mara's turn to admire a firm ass swaying as she walked. Gabi was so petite, so cute, so lovable. Mara shook her head. It was no wonder that she had a girlfriend, and it would be no wonder if she had a boyfriend too. Already Mara's mind was racing away, delving deeper into an endless maze. Up ahead the paths forked. The question was which one to take? Which path would lead to the truth? In her mind, Mara glanced down each path. A left turn and an image of Jamie and Mara disappearing into the distance. To the right was the same image, but this time it was Gabi hand in hand with Jamie. A glance straight ahead showed the three of them, together yet apart.

Mara was still pondering the right path to take when Gabi returned. This time though, she didn't sit back down on her beanbag. Instead, Gabi knelt down in front of Mara, her legs spread slightly apart and the gape of her short skirt almost providing a tempting view up inside.
