 When Catherine awoke the next morning, she replayed the events that had happened the previous morning in her head. She wondered how her little slave girl was doing and where she had slept that night. Her estate was surrounded by woods on all sides that stretched for miles. She liked her privacy and knew that the girl could not have made it too far. After much thought, she headed downstairs for breakfast.

 Tori, her other slave girl, was busy making breakfast for her Mistress. Catherine sat down at the table and began to read the newspaper. When breakfast as finished, Tori served her.

 "Would you like some coffee, Mistress?" 

 Catherine nodded and she began to eat. Her slave had prepared eggs, bacon, toast, and a fruit salad for her. It was delicious. She hoped that Abby was good in the kitchen also. Just as Tori was about to serve her Mistress her coffee, she stumbled and dropped the glass. It shattered on the kitchen floor making a mess. She looked at her Mistress with fearful eyes and immediately started to clean up the mess and beg for forgiveness. Her Mistress stared are her blankly for a few moments... 

 "Clean up that coffee then bend over the back of one of the kitchen chairs." 

 The slave quickly cleaned up the mess and did as she was told. Catherine continued to eat her breakfast like nothing had happened. The scared slave shook as she waited silently over the chair. She was naked, as always, and her soft pale skin was covered with goose bumps. Catherine loved seeing her slaves in fear before a punishment. She loved knowing that she had so much control over them. She prided herself in knowing that she had the power to properly train her slaves to both love and fear her. 

 As the Domme left the kitchen to retrieve a paddle, she saw something outside on her back patio. When she got closer to the window she realized that it was her little slave Abby. She was sitting against the wall and appeared to be thinking. Catherine smiled to herself. She knew the girl would return sooner or later. She opened the sliding door. 

 "Would you like to come inside?" 

 Abby looked up but paused before answering, she did not want to enter but she was obviously cold. 

 "Yes please."

 The taller woman stepped aside and ushered the cold girl in. 

 "Follow me, slave. I will get you a warm blanket." 

 Feeling defeated, Abby obeyed. Mistress stopped at a linen closet and took out a large warm blanket before finally leading Abby into the kitchen. Abby jumped in shock when she saw the other slave positioned over the chair. 

 "Sit little one" 

 Catherine motioned the girl to the chair. Once she was sitting, her Mistress covered her with the nice and warm blanked. Abby had a small smile on her face. She was grateful. 

 "Sit still and stay quiet for now. I have something I need to take care of." Said Catherine as she left the room.

 Abby looked over to the other slave who stayed motionless in place. She was thinking that the girl would look up but she never did. She wanted to talk to her but decided to stay quiet and be thankful that she was not over that chair. A few minutes later Catherine returned with a large wooden paddle in her hand. She completely ignored Abby and only spoke to Tori. She approached the vulnerable girl and placed the paddle flat against her bottom. The slave jumped when the cold wood made contact with her soon to be warm backside. 

 "Count each swat and thank me after each one, slave"

 "Yes Mistress"

 The first blow came hard and fast. 

 "One!" shouted the girl, surprised by the first smack.

"Thank you, Mistress"

 Swat! 

 "Two. Thank you, Mistress"

 The third and final swat was hard and immediately left a red mark on the punished girl's bottom. 

 "Three." She whimpered. "Thank you, Mistress"

 Most punishments were much longer, but Catherine did not feel that she needed to punish the girl any more. She knew that it was an accident. She only punished her to assert her dominance over her slave. Plus she had "more fun" things to attend to. The Mistress laid the paddle on the table.

 "Why did I paddle you, Tori?"

 The sorry girl slowly lifted her head, "You paddled me for spilling your coffee and breaking your glass, Mistress."

 "Yes, but you are forgiven now. Go clean the floor again. If anyone steps on any glass you will be caned over that same chair. Do you understand?"

 Tori's face turned red. "Yes Mistress" she said as she scurried back to work. 

 Abby was horrified by what she saw. How could that girl just let her hit her like that??? She thought to herself. She could not have that happen to her! Catherine could read her slaves mind just by her facial expression. She did not what to scare her off right away so she decided to change the subject.

 "Why did you come back, Abby?"

 "I don't know" the girl whispered, possible regretting her choice.

 "No. That is not an acceptable answer. Why did you come back? Tell me the truth little one."

 "I was cold and hungry and could not find any place to go. I did not want to get lost in the woods." She spoke with a frustrated tone.

 Catherine grinned, "I assumed that was your reasoning. But as I told you before, you will grow to love it here. I promise."

 Just then, Tori finished re-cleaning the kitchen floor. She looked at her Mistress for approval after she put the cleaning supplies away. 

 "Good girl Tori. Now take Abby to the bathroom and give her a warm bath please. Be kind to her. She is new to this life."

 Tori smiled and reached out for Abby's hand. Abby did not reach back. She simply looked at her new Mistress with a confused expression. Catherine walked over and gently took the blanket off of Abby's shoulders. 

 "Do as you are told, Abby. If you do not I will have to punish you just like I punished Tori." 

 She grinned and spoke sweetly. Tori then grabbed Abby's hand from her lap and practically pulled her out of the seat. 

 "Just come" She whispered to her new slave sister. She brought her down the hall into the bathroom. 

 Abby could not believe what was happening to her. What had happened to her life? She did not want to live like this. She had to find a way out... While her mind raced, Tori dutifully dragged her up to the bathroom. Once they were inside, Tori let go and gave Abby a sweet smile.

 "Take off your clothes"

 Abby started the bath. She added a delicious smelling shower gel and retrieved a wash cloth. She turned back to Abby who was still standing in the middle of the floor fully dressed.

 "You have to get undressed so I can give you a bath"

 "I can do it myself"

 "No. Mistress told me to give you a bath, so I have to do it."

 "I can bathe myself. I don't need you to do it. I'm not a child"

 "But Mistress sai..."

 Tori was cut off when Catherine suddenly appeared in the door way.

 "I came here to see how you two are getting along and I guess it's a good thing I did! Why aren't you giving her a bath Victoria?!"

 "I..I'm sorry Mistress. I was trying to get her in but... um ...She...."

 SMACK! Catherine slapped her slaves face. Tori immediately dropped to her knees and grabbed her burning cheek.

 "You know how I feel about excuses Victoria! You are not the one who is new around here! Do as you are told."

 Catherine left the doorway as quickly as she had appeared. Tori stood up again. A few tears trickled down her cheek. Abby could see the red mark that Catherine left on Tori's fair skin. She felt guilty for causing Tori to be punished. She didn't want to listen to her but she also did want to watch her get in trouble. The tub was now full and Tori shut off the water. She looked over to Abby with a pleading look on her face.

 "Please undress and get in the tub. It's warm and you will feel much better after. I won't hurt you. If you don't, Mistress will punish both of us."

 Abby felt defeated. She did not want to let this stranger bathe her. She did not want any of this but she knew that Tori was right. She slowly took off the clothes that her Mistress had given her the night before and stepped into the steaming bath. Once she sat down and got settled, Tori knelt beside the tub and began to work the soap into a lather with the wash cloth.

 "Thank you" she whispered to Abby.

 Abby sat with her head down in silence as Tori washed her. She felt embarrassed and venerable. Those feeling only got worse when she felt Tori begin to wash her breasts. Abby's immediate response was to pull away.

 "It's okay. I'll finish quickly. You have to be clean for Mistress"

 "I'm not a slave and I do not need a Mistress"

 Tori did not reply. She continued to wash the girl's body quickly. She did not linger while washing the girl's pussy or ass. She knew that her Mistress would punish her severely for "playing" without permission. When she was finished, she got the shampoo out of the cabinet. She put a small amount into her hand and began to massage Abby's head. She felt the frightened girl begin to relax under her gentle touch.

 "You know...It's not really so bad here. I was scared of Mistress Catherine at first too but once you get to know her you will see that she is Kind, loving and mostly fair..... I promise that it's not as bad as you think..."

 "How can you say that?! She hits you! She isn't kind or loving!"

 "It's not what you think though. I wa..."

 Just then, Catherine appeared at the door. She had changed into a pair of tight jeans and a tank top. She was also now holding a riding crop. She walked over to kneeling Tori and patted her on the head.

 "Much better, Tori"

 "Thank you, Mistress."

 "Stand up, girl" said Catherine in a stern voice to young Abby.

 Hesitantly, the naked girl stood up. The room was silent. Catherine's eyes wandered over her new slave's body. She was pleased and could not wait to break her in. Slowly and gently, she reached up to grab the girls breasts. Abby tried to back away but the crisp sting of the riding crop hitting her wet thigh made her whimper and stand still. Tears started to roll down her cheeks as her Mistress fondled her creamy white boobs, but Catherine ignored her sorrow and continued with her inspection. 

 "Turn around."

 Without words, the girl slowly began to slide her feet, moving cautiously as she was still in 

the tub full of water.

 SMACK

 "Faster!"

The girl yelped as she spun around. Catherine hit her two more times with the riding crop. One on each of her unmarked globes. She then grabbed her ass roughly. 

 "I will enjoy marking these very much"

 She ginned as the poor girl flinched.





 To be continued.....