 For years, I've been more than a little curious about sharing a sexual experience with another woman. My husband has been encouraging me to live my fantasy but I hadn't had the courage or opportunity. But that all changed last week. So let me come out of the closet a little and give you some of the background to my fantasy and how I've lived  it.

In addition to his regular job, Jeff is a certified massage practitioner and use to give massage lessons to singles and couples years ago. Through that work, he has a few friends in the massage business. A few months ago, after he gave me one of his wonderful sensual massages, I told him of my fantasy to give a sensual massage to a woman and see where it would go. When he was giving lessons, he sometimes used me as the model on the table for the students, but after seeing some of those great female bodies, I wanted to get my hands on one. Based on that thought, he arranged for a female friend of his, Cindy, to give me a massage. He told me she was an old friend of his and that they went to the same massage classes years ago. She had agreed to give me a massage and add some sensuality to it not normally given in a straight massage. This would give me some ideas from a woman's point of view of what to do if I ever had a chance to live my fantasy with another woman.

I met Cindy one evening at her house. Before we got started, we talked for awhile getting acquainted. She was a very attractive woman, about 40  and easy to talk to. She said that Jeff told her that I wanted  to experience a sensual massage from a woman and was that ok. I said sure thinking it would be nothing more than a slow sensual oil massage not much different than a normal one. I was hoping she would at least not drape me with a sheet like most professionals and maybe get close to my upper legs and  breasts for some fantasy feelings.  She then asked if it would be ok if she also was nude for the massage. 

"Jeff told me you guys are nudists and are comfortable with it so if it's ok I'll be nude too. It gives me more freedom of movement and might even add a little sensuality to the massage for you," she said with a smile. 

We then started taking our clothes off. Like she said, I'm comfortable with being nude so I thought nothing of taking our clothes off together

She went to get a towel while I took off my t-shirt. She turned around as I was taking off my bra and just stood and looked at my breasts as I uncovered them. 

"You've got great breasts Julie.  They're so full ...And those nipples! Jeff must love them ."

I was somewhat taken back by her frankness and a little embarrassed at the way she was looking at them but then took it as a compliment and  felling a little sexy, I held them and said with a laugh,  

"He sure does. And I don't mind it a bit."

 She was so matter of fact in looking at me that I thought no more of it. She worked on so many nude bodies, I thought she was probably  looking at me more like a doctor than another woman. And her attitude on sex was just healthy and open. 

She then took off her shirt and had no bra on. Her breasts were a least a C cup and looked very firm with the nipples having a little uplift to them and sticking out like little fingers. I had never touched another woman's breasts but I wanted to put my hands on those. My fantasy thoughts started rising to the top but needless to say I tried to look elsewhere and continued to undress myself. She had already taken her shoes off when I sat down to do the same. While leaning over to untie my sneakers she took off her jeans. She was standing right in front of me when I looked up at about her thigh level. She had on shear white panties and I could see her pubic hair through it. I see why a man gets turned on looking at panty shots. With me still taking off my shoes she slowly removed her panties. She was so slow and deliberate, it was almost like she was doing it for me. Was she flashing me? I didn't think so but she was certainly taking her time. She was still at my eye level so I got a  good view. She had trimmed her pussy to a small triangle and had shaved her lips bare. What a sight. She just smiled when she caught me staring.


I then stood up to take off my pants and panties while she stood there and watched. I didn't know whether to be offended or excited to have this much attention paid to my body by a woman. But I started feeling a little sexy so thought I would give her a little show too. After removing my jeans, I sat down,  raised my legs up and pulled my panties up my legs and off. From her angle I was sure she got a good look at my pussy and butt. I felt almost wicked exposing myself like that to another woman, but it was fun. 

She told me to get on the table and she would massage my backside first.

She started the massage and for the first 10 minutes or so it was a pleasant caring oil massage. She slowly applied oil to my body and used long flowing strokes on my back and legs. The slowness and medium pressure felt great. The slowness and caring was like Jeff does but with Cindy, there was a little difference. Mainly in my head having a woman's hands on me. So I lay there and let the good feeling happened. I had a beautiful nude woman sensually stroking my body with oil. This is about what I thought Jeff meant by a sensual massage from a professional woman. But I spoke too soon.

She started doing long strokes up my leg with her two hands surrounding my thigh working up from the knee. She moved very slowly and on the first stroke, her inside hand came up just to my pussy but didn't quite touch it while the outside hand continued to the butt in a circular motion. On the next stroke, her inside hand just grazed my pussy lips while the other did the butt stroke again. That soft touch gave me a little tingle again and felt good . This is what I had hoped her sensual massage be. None of the professionals ever even get 6 inches from the genital area  let alone grazing it as she had just done. 

But after about three of these, her hand touched my lips again with a little more firmness and stayed there  longer while the other hand did the circular strokes on my ass. With each slow circle, the inside hand went deeper into my pussy lips. Needless to say, I started getting turned on and I'm sure she could sense it. After a little more of the tease, each time letting the hand gently press into the lips, she went on to my back and arms. It was about the right time to change as I was getting a little turned on but felt ok with it.

Up to this time I had felt her brush my hand with her leg or hip as she moved around the table. But as she started working on my lower back, she seemed to lean into the table near my hand and I felt her pussy hair brushing against it. At first I thought it was just an accident, but then she started a backstroke that had her body going left and right along the side of the table. On each movement her pussy brushed my hand. She kept this up for awhile, each time letting her pussy linger on  my hand a little longer. On the last of these strokes she held it for a moment and left her pussy resting against my hand while she slowly kneaded and separated the cheeks of my butt with two hands. With each slow squeeze of my butt, she seemed to rise up to let her bare pussy lips move against my hand. I could feel the softness of her lips against my fingers. 

She then moved on to my upper back. But this lady knew how to give a sensual massage!!!!!!! This was a lot more than I expected, but I sure wasn't complaining. And I was getting turned on and starting to think if this is only sensual I'm in trouble. Before finishing the backside, she returned to the leg strokes and after about two of those her hand was back in my lips. On the next stroke, I felt one of her fingers at the opening of my vagina. It was very light and subtle but she was in there. She stayed there slightly moving her finger tip while the other hand did the butt circle trip then slowly went out and back down the leg. When the next stroke started, again very, very slowly, my mind and senses were going a mile a minute. What was she going to do next?

As her hand approached my pussy I held my breath. My whole being was focused on her hand. I felt her fingers touch my pussy then enter with a slowness that was driving me crazy. She seemed to go in about half way and held it there as she stoked my butt with the other hand. I'm sure it slid in easily, as I must have been very juicy by then. With each following stroke, and she did many, she went in a little further until it felt like she was penetrating the deepest part of my vagina while the other hand sensually stroked by butt. The combination of the oil and her slow in and out with, probably two fingers by this time was more than I had dreamed would happen today. I'm thinking....I have the fingers of a woman in my pussy!! And this is only the backside.

She then moved to the side of the table, put both hands on my butt and started kneading both cheeks. She squeezed, pushed and separated the cheeks in a very slow sensual way. I felt a little embarrassed having my butt so exposed again as I could imagine what it looked like with the cheeks separated as she was doing. But the pleasure she was giving me soon overcame any embarrassment. She then went into the crack of my butt and slid her oily hands up and down from pussy to tailbone. 

She did this many times each time making the stroke a little shorter until she was just going back and forth over my butthole. Her finger came to rest against the opening and made tiny circles around my button. I was starting to lose my inhibitions  and started to slightly rotate my hips to encourage her fingers and hand. She put the tip of her oily finger into my asshole while at the same time, slid her other hand down and put a finger into my pussy. She then mover her body against the table and put her pussy to my hand. She started doing finger strokes to my ass and pussy....each time slower...each time deeper! 

And with each stroke she would press her pussy harder against my hand. I  found myself opening my hand and she pressed her  pussy against my outstretched fingers. As she stroked in and out of my ass and pussy with her fingers, she mover her bare pussy along my fingers with the same rhythm. She moved so that my outstretched fingers went into her lips. I could feel her moistness coating my fingers. The feeling I was experiencing from all she was doing to me was almost overwhelming! 

Ever though my clitoris wasn't being touched at all, I felt like I would climax soon just from the eroticism of it all. If I didn't know about anal sex before I was getting my first lesson.. I found myself lifting my ass to her fingers wanting her in me deeper and faster and at the same time trying to get my fingers deeper into her lips. But then she slowly pulled away, ran her fingers very slowly deep up the crack of my butt, pausing for an instant at the opening, then went up my back and finished with a soft massage to my head. With my head turned to the side, she leaned down to my face and said, 

"I'm through with the backside. Do you want to turn over for the front?

 When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was her bare pussy about 6 inches from my face. I could see the moistness glistening on her bare lips. I was so turned on I just wanted to put my face in it. To taste it. And she knew it. But I looked up, saw her face and just smiled.

Yes ,I was Bi alright. I realized at that moment you can want men and women and be ok. And I came to realize that this was going to be a lot more than a sensual massage and I was going to live my fantasy. From now on I was going for it all.

On the front she started pretty straight putting oil on my stomach and legs but staying away from any "vital areas". Then from my stomach she worked up to my breasts slowly putting oil on each one. And she took her time. At first she just passed over them lightly but then returned to caress the breasts and rotate the nipples between her fingers. My nipples became very hard and erect and I felt myself rising to meet her hands. She seemed to know when my turn on was coming too fast and moved on to my arms and shoulders. She continued around the body not following a pattern and eventually drifted back down to my legs. By this time about 15 minutes had passed on the front side and altho it was a great turn on, I was a little disappointed that she didn't seem to be as "sensual" as she was on the backside...I spoke too soon.

The long strokes on my legs started much like the back getting a little closer to my pussy each time except this time it was up and exposed and a lot easier to get to. Again she slowly slid into my lips and kept a hand there while doing circles on the side of my hip. And again after a few strokes she let a finger slowly, ever so slowly, go in and out with each circle on my hip. And each stroke was a little deeper and longer than the last. I thought I was in heaven because besides the good feelings I was getting, it was from a woman for the first time in my life. 

Leaving her hand on my pussy with the finger inside, she moved her body up to my shoulder level and started some downward strokes on the opposite side with her other hand. In doing this, she leaned over and her breasts touched mine as she came back up. While she was doing this, the palm of her hand was on my pussy and rotating on my clit while the finger was moving inside. It seemed like she did 10 of these moves down the side. Each time slower. Each time with more emphasis on breast to breast contact. And each time giving my clit and vagina a stroke. 

I am going crazy by this time. Lying still is getting harder and harder and I feel like my juices are running down my butt cheeks. And I'm sure down her fingers as well! On the last one, she rubbed her oily breast against mine and slowly rotated her hand on my clit and put another finger deep into my pussy. I tried to control myself but started to hump her hand to get her fingers deeper and the clit harder against her hand. She fingered me faster for a moment while rubbing her breasts on mine then slowly pulled her fingers and hands away, took her hands up my body while letting her breast touch my face as she moved up, and went to stand at the head of the massage table. 

She started massaging my head ever so slowly and sensually. I thought this was nearing the end of the massage and thought that was probably ok. I was so very close to orgasm and thought I would feel guilty if I had one from a woman. And I thought she also was trying to get me close perhaps but not over the top.

From the top of the table she massaged my head then went to the neck and shoulders with slow sensual strokes. Then while still standing at the head of the table she took her two hands down the center of my chest and stomach just reaching my pussy then back up cupping my breasts on the way. She stayed on my breasts for a moment softly caressing them. She then continued the downward stroke, each time going more slowly and each time getting deeper into my pussy. As she was bending over reaching my pussy from the head of the table her breasts were grazing my face with each downward stroke. She seemed to be controlling her body so her breasts were surrounding my face and gently caressing my cheeks with them as she was stroking my clit. They felt so soft and inviting. After a few of these I felt her move a little and when she did the stroke this time, one of her breasts went directly over my mouth and I felt her hard nipple cross my lips. The sensations through my body were unbelievable. Every nerve seemed to be standing on end. Once more she teased me and continued the stroke. But on the next one, she let her nipple softly rest on my lips....and stopped!! In this position, she slowly put a finger in my pussy with one hand and started massaging my clit with the other and then slowly moved her breast back and forth encouraging me to open my mouth and let her nipple in. I couldn't believe it! She held this position for a very long time. While I was sucking on this wonderful breast, she massaged my clit and slowly and deeply stroked my pussy with her fingers. All of a sudden she pulled her fingers from my pussy and breast from my mouth and I'm near screaming. Five minutes ago I thought I would feel guilty. Now, I don't give a damn. I just didn't want her to stop!!!!

But with a slight repositioning of her body, she again started the downward stroke. She teased me a few times again but then put her breast in my mouth,  reached my clit and started a slow massage on it, put at least two fingers in my pussy and then almost unbelievable to me, bent her head down and started to lick and suck my breast! She rolled her tongue around my nipple and gently sucked with light nibbling from her teeth. I'm going wild. I can't hold still any longer. I brought my hands up, cupped her breast and sucked like a baby. 

It was my first and I'm sure my technique wasn't the best but I didn't care. After a minute of enjoying the bliss I was in, I wanted to feel more of her. While holding on to that breast with one hand, I put the other one back between the table and her pussy. She moved back a little to let me in. I wanted to feel that pussy of hers again. When I put my hand between her legs I felt those smooth lips and they were dripping wet with her excitement. I tried to gently stroke them but soon lost myself in my own pleasure. For the next few minutes of ecstasy, I'm holding a wonderful breast for the first time while sucking, licking and nibbling the nipple and doing my best to play with her pussy. 

Those bare smooth lips felt wonderful and made me feel good that she was juicy too. Then almost by accident as I was stroking her pussy lips, I felt my fingers enter her vagina. I couldn't believe it. I of course had felt the inside of mine, but having my finger in another woman's pussy was more than I had ever imagined.. As I felt her in me I started matching her strokes so that we were fingering each others pussy with the same rhythm. I was losing control on the way to a giant orgasm. She sensed I was about to come and increased the tempo of her fingers, hands and mouth. She started to suck my breast harder and started to moan with me as she felt me humping her hands. I  reached back with both arms, wrapped them around her ass and pulled her pussy close to my head and sucked her nipple as I had the most intense orgasm of my life. 

When I finally came down, she covered my body with light finger touches for a few minutes to let my body return to near normal. I thought she was done when, while at the foot of the table she slowly brought her hands up my legs and stopped while bending over and put her face to my wet pussy. She just gently rested her mouth on my pussy and softly licked it. She left her face there while slowly licking my juices from the lips and putting her tongue inside of me. Ever so softly she continued to lick my pussy while reaching up to my breasts with her hands and massaged the nipples again. She took her tongue up the lips and started to nibble my clit. She continued to lick my pussy and clit until I started to hump her face as I started to rise to another orgasm. As I raised my hips to her face she buried it in my pussy then started to lick down into the crack of my ass while raising my legs up higher. 

I couldn't believe where she was going. Was she going to lick my butt? I got the answer as she raised my knees up and pushed them back toward my chest. She buried her face in the crack of my butt and started  to lick the area close to my hole. I had never felt this before and the feeling was both erotic and forbidden. But I liked it and moaned with pleasure as she started to lick around the opening then cried out as she lightly probed my ass with her tongue. I couldn't believe the feelings I was experiencing. Her tongue felt so soft yet firm. I couldn't figure out how she was doing it. But I didn't care. It felt like she was two inches up my butt with her tongue. 
