 “What’s the matter, Lizzie?” Sarah’s hands squeezed my shoulders and her hair brushed my cheek as she leaned over to peek at the papers strewn over the desk. 

“I think this is my 20th hang up in a row tonight,” I complained, rolling my eyes toward the phone. “They finish half this stupid survey and decide it’s too long and hang up.”

“Aww I know, but don’t sweat it, hon. Don just went home and left me in charge, let’s knock off ten minutes early and grab a Dew,” she said, reaching across me and gathering up my surveys. I plopped my pencils into a cup and stood, stretching, my shirt pulling up out of my jeans. Sarah poked the eraser end of a pencil at my navel as she passed by, and I laughed, following her toward the office. “David... Tina... Chad... Stacy... Lynn!” Sarah trailed her hand across each cubicle as we walked by and heads popped up one by one. “Turn ‘em in folks, time to go home.”

I followed her into the office. She sat down, kicking off her heels and putting her bare feet up on Don’s desk as I headed past her toward the small fridge. 

“Throw me one,” she said.

I touched the can of Mountain Dew to the sole of her foot and she squealed. “Nice polish. Can I borrow it?” I asked, tossing the can to her. She studied her toes.

“Sure.”

“I’m outta here,” Stacy said, slapping her surveys on the desk. “Eight good ones.”

I stuck my tongue out at her overachieving back as she walked away and Sarah grinned. Chad and Lynn left together, arm in arm, without one survey between the two of them completed.

“What a waste,” Sarah said, sorting surveys on the desk. “Teenage hormones, what were they doing, calling EACH OTHER?” Tina left her surveys and was gone without a word. David was still putting his things together in his cubicle, I could see him through the two way glass.

“He’s waiting to be alone with you,” I remarked and Sarah rolled her eyes. 

“Not my type,” she replied. “Besides, work relationships are bad news. The male-female power struggle is bad enough without adding that to it, right?”

“I suppose so,” I replied. “But you have to admit he’s cute.”

Sarah laughed. “How easily we forget that we’re attached at the hip to a certain stud who picks us up here every night…or is there trouble in paradise?”

“No, but…” I grumbled. “But he’s not picking me up tonight. He’s going out with ‘the guys.’”

“Aww you have to spend a night alone? Welcome to my life.”

David looked pointedly at me as he came in the office. He was clearly wishing I wasn't around.

“Here ya go, Sarah.” She took the surveys and sorted them onto the desk. “So what are you girls up to tonight? It is Friday after all...”

“Not much,” I replied. 

“How about you, Sarah?” David asked. “I’m going over to Industry tonight, that new dance club in Pontiac, want to check it out with me?”

I watched her, half-smiling. He’d never had the guts to actually ask before. Frankly, if I wasn’t seeing Tim, I’d be interested in David, and she knew it. Yeah, he was older, practically old, but he was so hot! If Sarah dated him, I could at least live vicariously! She sat in silence for a moment, glancing at me and seeing the light in my eyes.

“Actually, Lizzie and I are having a girls night,” she replied. 

“That so?” David looked over at me and I just smiled. “Well sounds like fun, see you two later.” He stalked out of the office to get his jacket. I shut the door and Sarah laughed as I shook my head in disgust.

“He’s not such a bad guy,” I told her. “Besides…” I lowered my voice. “Have you seen his basket?”

“His what?” She looked at me quizzically. 

“His basket. His… you know…” I cupped the crotch of my jeans as if there were a bulge there. 

“Oh Jesus, Lizzie, is that all you think about?!” Sarah laughed. “There’s more to life than sex. He’s a 35-year-old telemarketer, sweetie… I don’t exactly call that a catch. Besides… he’s not my type,” she repeated, fishing her purse out from under her desk and slipping her shoes on. 

“Hey,” she paused, looking at me, considering. “Seriously, do you wanna do a girls night? I can cook, we can rent a good movie, you can borrow that nail polish, what do you say?”

I hesitated and then shrugged. “Why not? I don’t have anything else to do.”

“Gee, I’m glad I’m a last resort,” she remarked and we both grinned.

*******************

It was pouring outside, and by the time we’d rented Steel Magnolias, it was a full fledged storm. We were both shivering and wet, and Sarah turned on the heater in her car. I pressed my hands against the vents in an attempt to warm them.

“Feels like summer is officially over,” Sarah said as she pulled into the parking lot of her apartment complex. Her teeth were chattering.

“Sarah your lips are blue,” I said and she looked at me.

“Yours are purple.” Her eyes seemed to linger on my mouth for a moment and then she met my eyes and smiled. “Ready to run for it?”

It was raining so hard that the windshield was a waterfall. 

“On three,” I said. We counted together, opening the doors and running toward her apartment. Sarah stopped to slip off her heels, hopping as she did it, and that put her ahead of me. She beat me to the door and we both stood there shivering as she fumbled with her keys. The warmth of the apartment felt good, and I laid the movie on the table near the door. 

“Come on,” Sarah said, unbuttoning her wet blouse and heading toward bathroom. “Let’s get out of these, and put them in the dryer.” I followed her, hesitating only a moment before pulling off my wet Nirvana t-shirt. She threw her blouse in the dryer, turning to grab my shirt. “Jeans too,” she said, turning her back to me. “Will you unzip me?” I unzipped her skirt and she slid it off and threw it in. I unbuttoned my jeans and eased them down my hips. They were wet and came off hard. I toed off my shoes and threw my socks and jeans in with the rest of the clothes. She turned it on and smiled brightly at me and there were curly, wet strands of blonde hair stuck to her cheeks. “They’ll be toasty warm by the time we’re done with dinner. How’s pasta sound?”

“Great,” I said, following her out of the bathroom. Sarah started a fire in the livingroom in the gas fireplace near the sofa, and she made me sit there with a glass of wine. I wasn’t much of a drinker, and I was technically underage... only 18. Sarah was around 25--I wasn’t completely sure of this, but it was a good guesstimate.

“This will warm you up in no time,” she said, heading back to the kitchen. I watched her go, and suddenly realized that I was sitting there in a bra and panties. Sarah didn’t seem uncomfortable with it as she puttered around the kitchen, preparing dinner. I could see her if I turned sideways on the couch and put my legs up, so I did.

“Can I help?” I asked. 

“Nope. I’m fine.”

“Hey, Sarah, what is the deal with you and David? He wants you so bad, and he’s such a hottie!!” I exclaimed indignantly. I couldn’t fathom her rejection of him. She smiled, stirring the pasta.

“He is, isn’t he?” she sighed. “Well, he’s divorced, for one. For two... he works for me. And you know how Don feels about work relationships.”

“Well what about Chad and Lynn? They’re dating and they work together.”

“Oh they are on the same level, you know what I mean?” she asked. I nodded.

I sipped at my wine, which was almost gone and Sarah came to refill it. “You trying to get me drunk?” I laughed. The fire was warming me outside, and the wine was warming me inside. I felt flushed. 

“Come on, let’s eat,” Sarah said. We sat down and ate, talking about work, and David, about me and Tim and about my leaving for college soon. I helped her with the dishes, and then she grabbed the bottle of wine and our glasses and went to sit in front of the fire on the rug. I sat on the sofa behind her and she leaned back, her back resting against my crossed legs. Her hair was dry now, as was mine. It was silky against my bare legs, and I touched it. Her hair curled around my fingers and she sighed, leaning her head back, her eyes closed. I looked at her in the firelight. It cast shadows, making rippling patterns on her face, her arms, her breasts spilling slightly over her bra, turning her hair and skin a warm, tawny color. 

“I love your hair,” I said softly, still stroking it, unable to take my hands away. She smiled, her eyes still closed.

“I wish I had yours. I always wanted red hair.”

“Ok, let’s trade,” I said, smiling. “Let me live in your body. I’d like to know what it was like to be drop dead gorgeous for a day.”

“Me?” she opened her eyes to look up at me. They were clear, like blue glass. She turned around suddenly so she was kneeling in front of me, her hands on my thighs. “Elizabeth, you’re absolutely beautiful. You know that don’t you?”

I shook my head slowly. “You are,” she insisted, her eyes on mine. She touched a finger to my cheek, trailing it up over my nose to my other cheek, and then down to my lips. I held my breath. She fingered my hair, rubbing it, taking a piece of it and touching it to my cheek, tickling, smiling. “What would you say...” she hesitated. I waited, barely breathing, unsure, uncomfortable and yet transfixed. “If I told you that I was very... very... attracted to you.”

I swallowed hard.

“Well...” I found my voice. It was a little shaky. “I’d say... that I’m very flattered.”

She waited and I didn’t say anything else. “But?”

“No buts,” I whispered. “You’re incredible... how could I not be flattered?” I touched her hair and she turned her face to rest her cheek on my hand. It was warm and flushed. She kneeled up fully and I uncrossed my legs. She was leaning against the couch between my open thighs, her face inches from mine, her eyes searching. 

“Can I kiss you?” she barely whispered, her eyes moving to my lips. I nodded, and she touched her mouth to mine, her arms going around me. 

I marveled at her softness, her warmth. I was feeling dizzy, and I didn’t know if it was from the wine, or from the kiss. My hands ran up her arms, her skin softer than anything I’d ever felt, across her shoulders, to her back, pulling her closer and feeling her breasts press into mine. She moaned against my lips and I opened my mouth wider, kissing her deeply, lost... There were no more words then, just sensation, the texture of her tongue, her nails tracing lightly up my back. She let her mouth trail down my neck, nuzzling me gently, making me lean my head back. Nibbling, biting a little, her teeth sending shivers down my arms, she held my hips in her hands and pulled me forward on the couch, so far that I slid slowly off the edge and into her lap. I opened my eyes in wonder, feeling her thighs against mine, looking down at her face, and she was staring at my breasts. 

“Beautiful,” she murmured, kissing the tops of my breasts over my bra, covering them with light, delicious little kisses. Her hands slid behind my back, and she undid the hooks of my bra, sliding it down my shoulders and off. She hesitated for a moment, looking... and I watched her looking, a thrill going through me when she moaned and pressed her cheek against my breast, taking my nipple in her mouth.

I whimpered then, arching my back, my hands buried in her curly mass of blonde hair, literally trembling as her tongue ran from one nipple to the other. They were pink and hard, and watching her tiny tongue sneak out to taste them made me gasp and writhe in her lap, wrapping my legs around her waist. 

My hands explored her back, and I undid her bra almost without thinking, wanting to feel the smooth skin underneath. Her sharp intake of breath when I did made me shiver and I ground my hips slowly against hers, involuntarily, needing to move. I could feel her breath, coming faster, hot on my breasts, as she licked underneath each one. She eased me back onto the floor. The rug was soft underneath me, and I laid there, my thighs open, my arms thrown above my head, looking at her look at me. It was an incredible feeling, to watch her explore my body with her eyes and see the hunger there. She placed her hands on my sides and leaned over me, kissing my stomach. She pressed her cheek against my navel, rubbing it there, turning her head to dip her tongue into it, flicking gently. I moaned softly and bit my lip, feeling her hard nipples brushing my thighs as she kissed lower. Her lips were so soft, her breath warm, and my panties were gone in a whisper. I was suddenly afraid... seeing her there, so close to my sex. She was looking at it greedily, her hands on my now trembling thighs. 

I think she felt my tension because she whispered, “Lizzie, shhh it’s ok...” although I hadn’t said a word. She used her tongue to gently part my lips, moving it from side to side, starting lower and moving deliciously upward. I moaned out loud when she reached my clit... it was throbbing, and her tongue was so skilled, moving the flesh gently, easily, the friction building up. It was too good... I was so excited, my breathing shallow and fast, moving my hips against her mouth, and she put her hands on my hips to hold me still, working faster with her tongue, making little noises to urge me on, and that... oh, that sent me over. 

“Ohhhh Sarahhhhh...” I reached for her as I came, and her hands clenched mine, so tight, her tongue kneading my clit as I shuddered against her. She stopped, pressing her tongue flat against it, a tender bit of flesh now, and I groaned, wiggling. She moved up my body, cupping my sex in her whole hand and pressing hard, making me gasp.

She laid beside me and I could see my wetness on her mouth, her chin. I touched my finger to her lips, spreading the wetness, and lifted it slowly, deliberately, to my mouth. She let out a sigh as she watched me, and she slowly slid a finger inside of me. I closed my eyes for a moment, feeling her move it gently in and out. I opened my eyes when I felt her hand move away, and she lifted her finger to my mouth. I let her spread it on my lips, and then sucked her finger greedily into my mouth, making her moan. I leaned in and kissed her, rolling her to her back. 

I stopped for a moment to look at her, really look at her, almost in awe. I loved her body. Her breasts were smaller than mine, perfectly rounded, her nipples pink like mine. I traced a finger down her chest, sliding it up across the mound of her breast, toward the peak of her nipple. I circled it slowly, watching the skin purse as she responded. She moaned, squirming, and I looked at her, her eyes half closed, her breath coming faster, and that did it... I took her other nipple in my mouth. It was soft, like velvet against my tongue at first, and I licked it until it was like a pebble between my lips. 

I moved slowly onto her, and she accepted my weight, pulling me close. Her hands were in my hair, stroking my back. I moved slowly down her body, kissing her stomach, so flat and smooth, licking the indentation of her waist, her hipbone. She shuddered as I ran my tongue along her skin just above the elastic band of her panties. They were white, and I pulled back to look, seeing the wetness there. She hooked her thumbs in them and slid them down, and I helped her, moaning when I saw the dark blonde triangle of hair between her legs. 

I hesitated, unsure... I’d never done this before, and while I knew what to do, I knew what felt good for me, I wasn’t sure how to proceed. She looked down at me, licking her lower lip. I could feel the heat radiating from her against my cheek, I could smell her musky odor. She slid a hand down and opened her lips, touching her clit with her finger, showing me where she wanted my tongue. I reached my tongue out to nudge her finger aside and she gasped, her hips bucking up slightly and I moved my tongue slowly against the side of her clit, getting bold and dipping my tongue lower into the folds, sliding my tongue inside of her, really tasting her. She tasted similar to me, slightly different, but light and fresh, and I swallowed. It lingered on my tongue and in my throat. 

“Please,” she whispered, and the sound of her voice effected me. I slipped my tongue back up to where I knew she wanted it, focusing on the tiny bud of her clitoris, feeling it harden. Her tiny cries spurred me on, she purred like a kitten at first, squirming against my mouth, catching my rhythm and responding. Her hands found my hair, her finger nails lightly grazing my scalp, sending shivers down my spine. Licking her excited me, I could feel the wetness on my thighs, and my clit throbbing. I squeezed my legs together tight, hearing her moaning get louder, her hips moving more frantically, and I moaned against her clit, making guttural noises deep in my throat. She gasped and came hard, shuddering, calling my name and pushing her hips up to meet my flickering tongue.

“Oh Lizzie, Lizzie, Lizzie,” she whispered over and over, reaching for me. I slid up to her and she pulled my mouth to hers, tasting herself in my mouth, slowly licking it off my chin, my neck, rolling me onto my back. She let her hand wander over my body as I looked up at her, her fingertips barely touching me. She propped herself on her elbow and smiled at me.

“You’re beautiful,” she said softly, and I closed my eyes, feeling her fingertips moving slowly over me, and I believed her.