 * * * WARNING * * * 

All the actors in this script are of legal age, but may portray maturing young adults. This is a work of adult fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy my story!

FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a number of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of very erotic reading that will appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for anyone visiting Literotica. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirt mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category. Many of these chapters could go into many different categories.

For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd expect a totally hetero reader to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between sister's. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. LOL

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is now instantly deleted without being read, so why waste your time and mine - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 11 - Sisters Rub Each Other The Right Way

The following weekend the girls spent both Friday and Saturday nights in each other arms breast-to-breast, pelvis-to-pelvis. They'd finally discovered real sex. They stroked and fondled each other's bodies while almost steadily doing deep French kissing. They took turns suckling each other, then kissing deeply again as they'd work fingers into the other's pussy.

During one session when they were both very turned on, they'd tried grinding their hips into each other. Breathlessly, Lynn said she wanted to try something. She positioned Beth as if she were a toy doll, moving an arm here, or a leg there. When she had Beth ready, Lynn moved her pussy directly into contact with Beth's so they were clit-to-clit.

When the sisters felt their clits rubbing together, their drenched pussies ground into each other. New feelings and incredible sensations thrilled them. Each girl began to secrete profusely. Their hips found a highly sexual rhythm, undulating back and forth as if they'd become Siamese twins.

The sisters stared between their legs. Lynn shifted her position, then reached between them, spreading her vaginal lips as wide as possible. Her aroused clit peeked out, pleading for attention. Beth followed Lynn's lead, parting her own vulva as far as she could.

Still watching each other, Lynn lowered her open cleft directly onto Beth. Their excited, slippery pink inner flesh met. Their young systems took yet another severe jolt as they ground their slits together; both saw lightning flashes behind their now closed eyes. It was difficult, often awkward, but they maintained their pussy-to-pussy contact throughout overwhelming orgasms.

When the intensity finally ebbed, they fell into a gentle, circular grinding of their fleshy vaginal lips. They each experienced several mild aftershock type orgasms. It was a long time before either girl was ready to break this first very exquisite genital contact.

As it was late Saturday night, plus feeling draining having each enjoyed several glorious orgasms, they were nearly asleep. The sibling lovers exchanged feathery touches, soft little kisses, maybe with just bit of tongue now and then.

Lynn whispered into Beth's ear. "I love you very much baby sister. Again you helped me feel so good about everything we did tonight." Lynn felt Beth give her breast a tender squeeze.

"I want to warn you, in case you'd mind. I've been thinking about it since the night I got between your legs to watch you come. I think I want to use my mouth on you, I want to eat you Beth. I'm dying to know what you taste like, but I've been too shy about it to say anything. I'm still not quite ready, but when I am, I didn't want to gross you out, or do anything to make you uncomfortable. If you don't want me to, I'll understand."

Beth didn't speak. Instead she slid both hands onto Lynn's firm ass, then pulled their groins tightly together. Her mouth found Lynn's, her tongue pushed phallus-like between her sister's lips. Beth let her body speak for her.

After a minute of passion-laced kissing, Beth stared into Lynn's eyes, then whispered, "You just spoke what I've been thinking ever since I saw you up close. But right now, if you don't slip a finger into me and get me off, I may die." Within seconds each sister had a middle finger worming in and out of her partner's pussy.

Beth lived.

* * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This journey continues with Chapter 12.