 Those of you have read some of my previous articles will know my history and my close relationship with my very best friend forever, L We have known each other a long time and like most girls who are close, have experimented sexually to find limits of what we enjoy. I am sure boys are the same way; however, society tends to accept closeness between women, which is seldom experienced by men. We do, after all, go to toilets in pairs, we hug and kiss openly upon greeting, and we show off our shapely figures (or not so shapely) in alluring manners.

More and more men treat women with less respect then they should and it is therefore not surprising that more and more women turn to each other for comfort and confidence, which in many cases leads to intimacy. So was the case between L and myself. I may write about my upbringing in a future article in order to offer some perspective on why I have become the way I am, buy for now simply accept that I am quite promiscuous and because my husband spends so much time travelling for his work, I have a mountain of time to pursue my desires. That, coupled with a very high libido, has offered me dozens of opportunities over the years to explore and usually push the envelope.

Two weeks ago L and I went shopping, as we often do. Not only have we been inseparably best friends for fifty years but we are the same age and up until ten years ago used to be the same size and shape. Unfortunately L has added a few kilos to her weight and is now a good dozen heavier than myself. I am holding at 58 Kg. (128 lbs.), but not without a tremendous effort. I work out aerobically every day and have managed to keep most of the sag from my buttocks and thighs from happening. My breasts are slowly starting to slump, but at a much slower rate than most women and I am proud to say that, although they were augmented when I was young, I have had the silicone removed and they still hold their own.

I am still a 38 although my cup has gone from C to D, whereas L who is a C cup has gone from a 38 to a 40. Her butt is rounder than mine and nowhere near as firm but she has managed to keep her tummy tight, which makes her boobs look larger (a trick I learned form a good friend many years ago) and still quite attractive. L has never married and although has had many lesbian affairs, has also been with numerous men over the years. There has been nothing, which came even close, to the loving and caring relationship her and I enjoy and have for all these years; not even my husband.

It was, for that reason that you should not be surprised we went to her condo after our shopping adventure to try on all the clothes we purchased. I had selected another bathing suit (the ten I have are just not enough) for an upcoming vacation to Europe. L suggested I try it on and show her, as she did not have an opportunity to see it in the store. I went to the bedroom and removed my clothes, putting the two piece suit on and adjusting certain parts appropriately.

I returned to her living room wearing only the suit and she gasped in acceptance of how it looked. She told me to turn around slowly so she could see and commented on the lack of material, especially in the bottoms. It was a string made by Wicked Weasel, which only coved the necessary bits, but a total wax of my pubic area is a must in order to wear this outfit.

The leopard skinned top is half a size smaller than I am, making my breasts appear as if they are about to fall out. I purposely bounced up and down a few times to show how well they held my girls in place by the tiny bits of material. We often try on clothes in L's living room as she is on the 30th floor of a condo with a tall apartment building directly across the street. Often we have seen people staring into her window as we parade around nude or partially naked and the tantalizing ritual has become quite a turn in for both of us.

"Let me try it on?" L asked. I smiled and unashamedly reached behind my back and unclasped the top. I held it in place while L removed her blouse and lacy bra. I stared at her breasts (although I have seen them dozens of times) as if they were the most amazing objects I had ever seen. I lowered my hands and handed her the bikini top as she in turn, gazed at my nakedness. "Help me hook it up," she said, as she fumbled with the clasp. I reached behind her and did my best, but the material was certainly stretched to its limit. She turned and we both laughed as her breasts were squashed into place and it made her look like a cheap slut. 

I stood before her still laughing as I reached around her to undo the clasp. As I did, the bathing suit top fell to the floor and we stood facing with our naked breasts centimeters away from each other. Our eyes met and L 's face moved toward mine. I responded by moving mine closer and a moment later our lips were pressed against each other sending that all too familiar sensation throughout my body.

I slowly, lovingly pushed my tongue forward and felt her lips part as she accepted my wet appendage as it ended her mouth. She responded with her tongue circling mine and through suction and motion we were darting in and out of each other's mouths. After a few moments I could softly hear L moan and I moved my face to press my cheek against hers. I felt her hands slide long my back to my naked buttocks. "I am so wet," I whispered in her ear and I felt her press her hands against my bottom, pushing me harder against her.

I have lays been submissive in sex and love being taken advantage of in a domineering manner. L has discovered my many 'hot spots' over the years and as she began to nibble my ear I moaned softly in hers. I felt her hand move from my back to between us until she readily felt the small triangle of cloth, which covered my womanhood. I felt her massage it slowly and could sense the juice trickling from the small opening as she stoked the material. A moment later L stepped back and knelt down, pushing the strings of my bottom down along my thighs, at the same time exposing my recently waxed private bits.

I suddenly began to shiver when I felt her tongue sloppily, but expertly dart around my opening. Each time it came in contact with my clit I trembled, enjoying every moment. "You're going too fast," I said, quietly. "You are making me cum."

"Lay on the floor," L commanded and I obeyed. I felt her carpet against my nude back and bottom and sensed L's hands push against my inner thighs. I parted my legs vulnerably and watched as she lowered her head, pushing her face down into my love nest. She began to eat me hard, flicking her tongue and biting my lips. The sensation felt unbelievable and I placed both my hands on her blonde hair, pushing her head hard against me. She lapped up the juices as they spat from my honey pot and I was unable to hold back. I tightened my leg muscles against her face and as my tummy convulsed I let my release take its course. I faintly heard L cough as my love juices were now squirting from my opening. I could feel them shoot into her mouth and heard her hungrily lapping up each drop. I have squirted as far as 2 metres during passionate masturbation, especially if my g-spot is excited, and could only imagine her mouth being filled to capacity.

After what seemed an eternity I glanced down and saw L raise her head grinning. "How was that," she casually asked. 

"Just amazing," I replied. "I so want to satisfy you," I said. She stood, while I remained naked on the carpet and I watched her undo her jeans. She let them fall and pushed her panties down. I trembled again as I stood staring at her shaven pussy and watched her reach her hands down to fondle her longing womanhood. She smiled as she masturbated herself almost directly above me and lowered herself in such a way that her opening was over my mouth. I could taste the sweet wetness of her femininity as her pussy pressed against my lips. A moment later I felt her mouth on me as we began to enjoy each other in a sixty-nine position. 

I felt my head pressed between her thighs, at the same time squeezing mine against hers. I knew I would cum again, but wanted to make sure that I waited until she reached her orgasm first. It did not take long. I felt her hands groping my body and pinching my nipples, while mine explored her buttocks, pushing them harder against my face. Hungrily I lapped at her desire as her juice flowed freely into my mouth. My finger probed the tight opening of her bum hole and she moaned as I pushed against it. The moisture surrounding her hole made it easy for my finger to slide inside. I pushed back and forth, deeper with each penetration until I felt her muscles tighten and scream loudly as she succumbed to her desires. She trembled and shook and her love nest erupted like a volcano. Instantly my mouth filled with her cum and I knew I could not hold back any longer. I squeezed her buttocks hard as I hungrily drank her juice, just as I exploded for a second time. Again she was eager to catch every drop and we held each other tight in our sixty-nine position, while we lovingly waited for each other to experience the full effect of our mutual orgasm. Suddenly I stiffened as I heard a noise behind me.

L also became rigid and moved from on top of me to glance around the sofa. I heard her scream and, still dazed from my orgasm, tried to make sense of what I saw. Standing there, in the opening between the hall and the living room was DE, L's younger sister (I say younger, but she is 52). I screamed and sat on my knees staring in disbelief as D stood, mouth agape, gaping at her sister and her best friend naked before her.

I know it was only seconds, but seemed an eternity before L jumped and raced into the bedroom. By now I was standing and still staring at DE. I saw her eyes stare at my breasts and then to my womanhood and I immediately ran to the bedroom as well. L had thrown on a robe and darted past me, tears falling from her cheeks. I quickly dressed and joined her and her sister in the living room.

L had completely forgotten that DE was coming over to help her with a recipe and coincidentally, because our hands were full when we arrived from shopping, we forgot to lock the door when we came in (it was actually my fault, as I was the last one inside). Strangely no one spoke of what had happened and DE thought it best if she returned another time. I too decided I should leave, but waited until L's sister had made her way through the exit. 

"I don't know what to say," I stuttered. L smiled nervously and opened her arms to hug me. "I'm so embarrassed," I said.

"I know," L replied. "The worst thing is I did not hear her come in so I don't know how long she was standing there. It was a thought, which had never occurred to me, but as I drove home I began to relive the events and found myself becoming quite amorous, to the point where I felt the need to masturbate as I drove (something I do quite often).

By Monday I had put the event in the background so you can imagine how stunned I was when DE phoned me at work. She called to apologize and asked if we could meet for a coffee. I was a little shaken and before I had an opportunity to think about it I agreed. 

We met later that afternoon at Starbucks and she was already sitting there when I arrived. Nervously we chatted and again she apologized. I told her not to worry about it and that I was more concerned for L She shocked me when she said she had seen the two of us together a long time ago. I didn't know what to say but she flattered me by telling me that she thought I had improved with age.

I asked her why she wanted to meet today and she explained that she could not stop thinking about Saturday and she had masturbated many times. I asked her if her husband knew and she said no. She said that she tried to put the event out of her mind, but was unable to. She said she didn't want to go to L with her feelings and shockingly, she blurted out that she would really love to see my breasts again.

I was stunned and didn't know what to say. I did not know what to do, but honestly, more people have seen my boobs than I can count, so I just said 'OK', in the car, not in the restaurant. I told her to go out and I would join her after I went to the bathroom.

I was wearing a white blouse and jeans and removed my bra, which I stuffed into my bag. Fortunately no one was there so I was not embarrassed. I went outside and saw her sitting in her Toyota at one end of the parking lot. I stepped in and she nervously smiled. 

"So all you want is to see my 'girls'?" I asked. She nodded and told me how beautiful she thought they were. "May I see yours, as well?"

I unbuttoned my blouse and slowly opened it, exposing my breasts. She stared at them with her mouth open and I said she could touch them if she wanted to. Slowly she reached out and began to massage one of them. After a few moments I asked if they felt OK. She nodded and I saw her rub her groin. I told her it would be ok if she wanted to relieve herself. She undid the buttons on her blouse and exposed her braless breasts. They were smaller than I had imagined, especially because she was large in size. They were actually not very flattering.

She moaned when I touched her girls and looked a little surprised, but immediately fumbled with her zipper. A moment later her hand began to massage between her legs. I musty honestly admit that I was not as turned on as I expected I would be, mainly because DE was very heavy and appeared unkempt, two qualities, which really do not do much for my arousal. She continued to massage my breast and I moved my hand between her legs. I found the wet opening quickly and as I fumbled with my finger, she removed her hand and fondled both my breasts. I must admit it felt nice and I was surprisingly becoming somewhat turned on. I told her to grab both my boobs and as she did I leaned over pushing my finger hard into what felt like a very hairy pussy.

I fingered her in and out and she moaned and I asked if it felt good. I told her to squeeze me hard and I felt her cunt pulsate. I moved around in the tight car compartment in such a way that I was able to lower my head over her lap. I told her to keep an eye out for passersby while I slowly began to lick between her legs.

She moved his hands in such a way that she could squeeze my breasts and as she did I felt her become more and more soaked. Suddenly she began to shake and moan and I knew she was about to explode. Her pussy burst and her love juice squirted hard into my mouth. Hungrily I swallowed every drop, for I did not want to soil my clothes, besides I do enjoy the taste.

A moment later we were finished and awkwardly we said goodbye and I returned to my car. I drove home and immediately stripped and fondled myself, realizing my husband was out. I came quickly and relaxed in a hot bath. Later that night, when I was curled up in a chair with a book the phone rang. It was L "DE just dropped by," she said. I stared at the receiver and began to tremble.