 She came back into the locker for the third time in about 5 minutes. I wondered if she had lost something - but she did not appear to be looking for something she looked like she was searching for someone. I had just put the last of my clothes in my locker and grabbed my towel, when my hair clip fell on the floor. I bent over to pick it and flipped my long blonde hair forward and twisted it quickly.

I heard a soft whistle from behind me and glanced over my shoulder to see what the fuss was all about. With my hands still clipping my hair high up on my head so that I could slip a bathing cap over it, I saw the woman that had been searching the locker room was now staring at me.

She was an elegant looking woman about 30, with shoulder length ebony hair. Her skin was a creamy complexion; it almost glowed under the lights. The navy blue bikini hugged her like a lovers touch. Her green eyes were sparkling as she glanced over my body from head to toe.

"Can I help you", I asked trying to break the tension that had settled in the air between us.

"I certainly hope so. I seemed to have lost my cell phone. I was hoping my friend was still in here and that she could help me find it, but she has left." The shapely woman said in a husky voice. "My name is Sarah." She said as she extended her hand to me.

"Kelly." I replied and shook her hand. 

"Are you here for the therapy pool or the lap pool?" Sarah inquired.

"I always start with the lap pool then the head over to the therapy pool and finish in the hot tub."

"Same her, but there is a birthday party going on in the lap pool. One of the physical therapist's 8 year old daughter has about 30 of her closest friends in there. They have the pool for another 30 minutes One of the perks of working here I guess."

"If you need to use my phone, here it is." I reached into my locker grabbed it. I held it out to her.

"Thanks." Sarah took my cell and dialed in a number. The phone beeped once, Sarah glanced down at the screen and it showed no service. "Damn, no signal. Do you mind if I head out to the hallway make the call?"

"No, I don't mind. Give me a second and I will go with you." I said as I shut the locker and grabbed up my towel.

As we headed out to the hall and, I wrapped my towel around my waist. The hallway separated the training areas from the therapy areas. The pools were connected to a hospital. Lots of different people came here everyday. I saw a few people I knew from work and waved hello. Sarah was talking on the phone looking out the window. She looked upset.

She walked back over to me, "Here is your phone back. My idiot friend has my phone in her purse. She is at her boyfriend's house. She said she would be here in awhile. But since she is connected at the hip to him I bet I don't see her for hours."

"Well since you are stuck here, you might as well swim. That will pass a time quicker than sitting outside waiting."

I walked over to my locker and slipped my cell phone into my bag. I felt Sarah's breathe on my neck as she whispered, "I have a better idea."

Sarah ran her tongue along the shell of my ear, gently nipping at the lobe. Her warm tongue and cool air in the locker room made for wonderful sensations. She took my hand and turned me to face her and kissed me deeply. Our tongues danced together. Sarah made whimpering sounds as I cupped her breast in my hand. Her nipples instantly grew rigid.

"There is something I have always wanted to do." I said as I pulled her over to the Jacuzzi bubbling in the corner. We stepped in carefully hand in hand. I led her over to the edge and sat her down. "I have always wanted to get fucked in a here, but no men allowed in the women's locker room. This is the next best thing"

I untied the strings on Sarah's bikini bottom and pulled it off of her. The crotch stuck to her slit for a moment. I tugged and it revealed a smoothly shaved pussy that was already wet with her juices. I smiled at Sarah and sat down in the water and gently spread her legs wide.

Her slit stuck out just waiting to be sucked, her slit was open slightly and I could see a pearl of cream at the opening. Her rosebud of an ass winked at me. I knew that this was going to be fun. I spread her pussy lips wide and stiffened my tongue and pushed it into her waiting channel. Her cream was thick and sweet. I fucked her with my tongue while my hands rubbed her ass from below.

I could feel her ass muscles contract in my hands, and I decided to test the limits. I licked her like a Popsicle from asshole to clit and I heard her moan. I did it again, pausing on her asshole and I felt her shake. I squeezed her ass and then took one finger and stuck it far in her pussy, as it would go. I pulled it out and showed her my finger coated with her cream. Still looking in her eyes, I rubbed it over ass, pushing slightly. She gasped for breath each time I pushed harder. The heat from the water was making me sweat; the jets under my ass were making me squirm. I moved my ass slightly so that a jet was blowing bubbles right on my pussy.

I stuck my finger back in her pussy and pulled out more cum, and then I inserted the sip of my finger in her ass and broke eye contact and sucked hard on her clit. Sarah threw head back and moaned as more of my finger disappeared in her ass. I ran my tongue all over her pussy. Up and down, side to side, in and out. I fucked her ass with my finger and fucked her pussy with my mouth. Sarah started to shake and whimper and I knew that she was going to cum all over my mouth. I moved my asshole over the water jet and started to shake too.

We both came hard, our moans bouncing off the walls in the locker room. I could feel her ass gripping my finger so that it was locked in tight. I could feel her pussy contracting from above. Cum dripped off my chin and melted in the swirling water. Some of her juices slid down onto my finger. I licked her clit lightly till she stopped shaking.

As Sarah calmed down she looked at me and smiled. She bent over me and kissed her juices off my face. I slid my finger slowly from her ass and I felt her gasp again. "That was amazing!"

"Your turn." Sarah said. She took my hand and led me out of the whirlpool and over to the changing area. She started me off with my towel that I had placed on the bench earlier. As she dried off shoulder, she removed the straps to my swimsuit. She pulled down my suit to reveal my breasts. She dropped the towel and squeezed nipples and slightly twisted them. This brought a moan to my lips.

After she removed my suit completely, she gently laid me back on the wooden bench between the rows of lockers and grazed her hands down my torso. The contrast of her warm hands and coldness of the bench just helped to over load my senses.

Once I was completely laid back Sarah immediately went to work on my clit. I knew that it would not take me very long to cum. She gave my pussy the same workout I gave hers. She moved her tongue in a figure eight pattern and at the center of the figure was my clit. She placed two fingers in my pussy and began sawing them in and out of me.

As I started to shake, she quit licking my clit for a moment and started rimming my ass. I went wild. My pussy was pouring out cream and I could feel it pooling beneath ass. Sarah used the fluids to coat a finger. She had my ass so wet that there was no resistance at all when she slid a finger knuckle deep in my ass.

The way her fingers had worked both of my holes over had me on the edge of ecstasy again. I shouted out loud as I came for again. Sarah raised her head and I could see my juices dripping off her chin and glistening on her lips. I rose up and cupped her face in my hands and gently kissed her lips tasting myself.

As we held each other, kissing gently, I heard my cell phone ring inside my locker. I walk on unsteady legs and grabbed my phone. It was Sarah's friend. She was on her way over to get her. I handed the phone to Sarah and she told her friend that we would be waiting.

Sarah looked at me and said, "You will like Jenny and her boyfriend Mike. Lets get dressed and have some fun."

I knew by the look in her eyes that I would not be dressed for very long.