 Please note this story is predominantly one of lesbian love. However this first chapter does contain one scene of non-consensual F/M sex which is key to the story line. 

*

Nicky Cartwright thundered down the wing, hockey stick in hand, a look of grim determination on her face. It was an important upper sixth form match, and she was determined to make her contribution. Suddenly a searing pain tore through her ankle and she tumbled over and over bouncing across the muddy ground. She slowly picked herself up as a girl from the opposing side came running over. "I'm really really, really sorry", she said. "That was such a clumsy tackle, all my fault."

Nicky tried putting her weight on the injured foot, and she cried out in pain, as her ankle gave way again.

The coach came running over, "Sorry Nicky. This match is too important; I'm going to have to substitute you."

"No! Please don't. No real damage, just a bruise. I'll be alright in a minute. I need to play, I must play, I have to prove myself," she pleaded.

"Sorry, just can't do. Go and get yourself cleaned up," she said with finality.

Reluctantly Nicky limped away towards the changing rooms. She was furious. After the horrendous humiliation at the hands of her boyfriend, sorry ex-boyfriend, the night before, she had been relying on being a hero in this match to restore her shattered self-confidence. Now even that had been taken away from her.

She staggered into the changing room and slumped dejectedly onto a bench facing the showers. Eventually she raised her head and caught sight of her mud spattered reflection in the full length mirror on the wall. She appraised herself critically.

"Short, dumpy, overweight, boobs too big for my frame, and hair long and lank. Not exactly a good catch," she thought. "Perhaps Carl was right after all... Oh, I don't know! Maybe I'll feel better after a shower, although I doubt it." She staggered to her feet, and started to pull off her kit, throwing it unhappily on the floor. Once naked she turned again, looked in the mirror and grimaced, not liking what she saw. "My breasts are too big for a short arse like me! And they really are a bit saggy," she thought as she jiggled them in her hands. "For God's sake I'm only 18." She turned to the side and poked her belly. "That's got to go, fat bitch; and look at the size of my arse!" Nearly in tears she turned away, picked up her shampoo and soap and headed for the showers. It was true, she was quite short, but in reality she actually had a lovely curvy figure, and was only very slightly chubby. However she was so demoralised by her experience the night before that she wouldn't have been happy even if she'd had the figure of a supermodel!

She washed away all the mud and the sweat and then made sure to avoid the mirror as she came out. She towelled herself dry and wrapped her body in the large towel as she brushed her hair. She sat down heavily on the bench and started to look around the locker room. She was glad to see that only 2 other sets of clothes were evident, beside her own. As the matches were held after college most girls went home in their kit and cleaned up there. "Can't blame them if they have a body like mine!" she told herself.

Just then she heard voices outside and the locker room door burst open. 2 girls came in. "Hi Nicky, hope you're feeling better. We actually managed to win too!" they said cheerily.

She managed a forced smile and said how pleased she was. She was actually quite pleased to see that the other occupants of the changing room were these two -- Adele and Chloe. Both were very pretty and popular girls, but unlike many such girls, who were often real bitches, they were both really nice, genuine people.

Without any trace of the overwhelming self-consciousness felt by Nicky, they both stripped naked and headed for the shower chatting away seemingly oblivious of their nakedness. Nicky envied them for that, and sat idly watching them.

Adele Jones was slim, actually bordering on thin, but with a highly toned athletic body topped with short light brown hair in a trendy elfin style. Nicky noticed that she had small, probably A cup breasts, but they looked perfectly proportioned on her slim frame. They were also very pert, with small hard nipples. Nicky had never really studied other girls' bodies before, but as both girls seemed so relaxed and uninhibited Nicky felt comfortable doing so; and in fact couldn't help herself as she had a need to compare herself to them. As Adele turned towards her she noticed that her pussy was completely hairless, and on her slim body it made her look even more like a young girl, even though Nicky knew they were both 18 like her.

Chloe Watkins had what Nicky would describe as the perfect figure: She was tall, and willowy, with a nice pert bottom, and wonderfully proportioned boobs. She must have been a C or probably a D cup and in college she always displayed her assets well, much to the delight of the male students. She had beautiful long red hair, and as Nicky now noticed for the first time a neat triangle of the same colour between her legs.

She continued to watch as the girls shampooed their hair and showered their bodies. She stared as they happily soaped their breasts, and she smiled to herself when they both soaped between their legs for definitely longer than was really necessary! But, hey, what girl hadn't done that!

As they finished and walked out of the shower towards her, Nicky was painfully reminded of the night before, when she had found herself naked in public. The revulsion and self-loathing within her welled up uncontrollably, and she began to cry. Adele had just wrapped herself in a towel, when she heard Nicky's sobs. "Hey! What's up?" she asked. Nicky just shook her head. Attracted by her friend's cry Chloe turned and saw how upset Nicky was. Without another thought she went over and sat beside her, still completely naked. She put a hand on Nicky's knee and said, "It's only a game, it doesn't matter." "It's not the game," sobbed Nicky. "It's something else."

"Do you want to talk about it?" Chloe asked.

"No, it's too embarrassing," replied Nicky.

But Chloe would not be put off. "Look, just talking your problems through with someone really does help. I do it all the time. What have you got to lose? If we can help, then great, you'll feel better. If not I think you know that we never spread gossip about anyone, so your secret's safe with us."

Nicky smiled weakly, and then cast her eyes downwards to avoid Chloe's gaze. However she found herself gazing at Chloe's naked bush, which was rather disconcerting! She retuned her eyes to a "neutral" position and tried to think what to do. Sharing might be helpful; certainly bottling it up was not helping. But it was so embarrassing! Finally, she took a deep breath and said, "Are you sure you don't mind listening, I think it may help?"

"Not a problem at all," she replied.

"It is very personal though, and I'd hate anyone else to find out."

Adele chipped in, "We are the souls of discretion. We pride ourselves on not bitching or gossiping about anyone."

"I know you do," admitted Nicky. "OK, here goes." With a deep breath Nicky began her tale of degradation:

"I've been seeing Craig Sanders for a few weeks, and we've been getting on well. Over the last week or so we've been...., err, experimenting with our sex lives. Nothing kinky, just a few little fantasies and role playing games."

"Nothing wrong with that," Chloe added to give her support.

"I went round to his house last night and knocked on the door. When he opened it he had a slightly odd look on his face; a cold, hard look. As I leant forward to kiss him he moved away and just said "Follow me." I did as he asked and followed him into the small room he uses as a study. It has a desk and computer in there. I tried to kiss him again, but he backed away and just stood there looking me up and down like some exhibit. He was acting so strangely I decided it must be some new role play, so I went along with him. After a moment he said "Strip! Now!"

"What!" I said.

"You heard me, strip. Everything off." I was feeling a bit horny, so started a slow striptease for him, slowly unbuttoning my blouse. "Get on with it," was his reply. "We haven't got all night!"

"I was startled, and a little upset, so I stopped being seductive, pulled my clothes off and threw them on the ground in defiance. I glared at him, but he just started to walk round me, looking me up and down like I was a prize bull! He hefted my boob in his hand, and let it drop; he poked my belly with his finger, and made "tut tut" noises about my bum, whilst shaking his head. I was really very offended.

He then started to undo his jeans, and said, "Bend right over the desk. Stick your arse in the air." I did as he asked, and despite myself, I could feel my pussy getting moist."

Nicky glanced up at Adele, who quickly removed her hand from under her towel. Was she playing with herself thought Nicky? However she dismissed it and carried on with her story:

"He walked behind me, still unzipping his jeans. There was a mirror on the desk, so I could see what he was doing. He pulled his jeans and shorts down and kicked them away. His large erect cock burst into view. Maybe this is going to be good after all I thought, but how wrong I was. I was hoping he'd lick, or even just finger my pussy, but no. He roughly kicked my feet further apart to spread my legs, and placed the head of his cock against my pussy lips. Then he just grabbed my hips, and without a word of warning, rammed himself deep inside me. I screamed in shock and pain, but just heard him make an evil laugh. He then proceeded to fuck me. There is no other word, it wasn't lovemaking; he just fucked me! He was holding onto my hips and humping away faster and faster, no thought to my pleasure, until with an animal like grunt he shot his load deep inside me, again and again. The tears were running down my cheeks, but the worst was yet to come...

"He pulled his cock out of me, I could see it shining with his cum and my juices. Normally I would be happy to lick it clean, but I didn't even get the chance last night. He just grabbed his cock and roughly wiped it dry on my bum cheeks. He used my arse like an old rag! He stepped back grinning, pulled his jeans back on, and to my horror said, "Right bitch, get dressed and fuck off. I've done with you now."

"What!" I screamed. "You bastard..."

He cut me off before I could say any more. "You're fat and ugly, with a big arse, and saggy tits like an old woman. I've had what I wanted now get dressed and fuck off, before I throw you out."

"You can't talk to me like that," I screamed.

"Yes I can," was his reply. "I was only fucking you then as a favour. Can't see any other bloke wanting to stick his dick in you, looking like that, so thought I'd give you something to remember. Right, go on then, fuck off."

"In floods of tears I started to collect my clothes, my mind was in a whirl, I couldn't see straight because of the tears, and all the time he was forcing me down the hall, herding me towards the front door. We reached the door; I was still naked with a heap of clothes in my arms. He opened the door. "No," I pleaded. "Let me get dressed first."

"All he said was "You've had enough time," and pushed me out the door. I tripped and dropped my clothes in a puddle as the door slammed behind me. I was left cold and naked on his doorstep. I hurriedly pulled on my wet blouse, skirt and shoes, and ran down the path with my panties and bra still in my hand."

Both Adele and Chloe looked horrified. Chloe put her left arm around Nicky's shoulder and gently laid her head against the side of her bare breast. She reached round with her right hand and started to stroke her hair soothingly, "You poor, poor thing, what a bastard!"

"What did you do then?" asked Adele.

"Well I was a mess. I couldn't catch a bus, so I walked home. It was awful. Without a word of warning, in less than 30 minutes, I had been violated, dumped, and insulted in the worst possible way, and then forced to walk home half naked. Just to add insult to injury, and to remind me of the bastard, I could feel his cum dripping out of my pussy and running down my thighs as I was walked home. I had to keep stopping to wipe up the mess with my own knickers! They were so soaked I had to drop them in the gutter before I reached home. So humiliating!

"As soon as I was home I scrubbed myself vigorously, trying to wash him away, but you can't wash away what he did, or what he said..." And with that, her courage deserted her, and she burst into tears once again.

Chloe hugged her closer and continued to stroke her hair until her sobs subsided. As Nicky started to calm down she became very aware of the closeness of Chloe's naked body: The warm softness of her skin; the swell of her breast against her cheek; the faint smell of soap on her body; the shampoo in her hair. She had never been this close to a naked girl before and started to experience a feeling she thought at first was discomfort, but then realised was excitement! She could feel a slight tingling in her pussy, and it was definitely getting a little moist down there. At last she composed herself and slowly opened her eyes. The first thing she saw was Chloe's soft brown nipple literally an inch from her nose. She had an overwhelming urge to kiss it and suckle on her. Before she could stop herself she leant forward and placed a gentle kiss on it, quickly followed by a second. Adele gasped in surprise, and she felt Chloe tense up momentarily. She pulled her head back.

"So so sorry," she said horrified. "I just don't know what came over me."

"It's no problem at all," smiled Chloe. "I liked it; you just took me by surprise that's all. Would you like to kiss it again?"

Without a conscious thought Nicky found herself nodding her head. Chloe turned slightly towards her, to give easier access, and tenderly pulled Nicky's head down to her breast. Nicky kissed the offered nipple, and then parted her lips slightly to take it into her mouth. She sucked gently and tentatively flicked her tongue over the end of it. She was rewarded by it hardening seductively under her tongue, and a small sigh of pleasure from Chloe. The tingling and wetness in her pussy increased noticeably. She continued to kiss and suck and lick gently, and marvelled at the feel of the hard nub between her lips. Equally, she wondered what her next steps should be. She couldn't just sit here sucking Chloe's nipple all evening, much as she wanted to! Adele unwittingly provided the escape.

"What complete bastard!" she exclaimed. "Why would he do that?"

Nicky looked up from Chloe's breast and replied, "I have no idea, and it was such a change in character. I can only assume that one of his nasty mates said something derogatory about my figure, and he's so shallow and weak he decided to believe his mate and dump me. But I'll get my revenge somehow, he's not getting away with it."

"Good for you," was Adele's response. "But in the meantime your self-confidence has been shattered; you feel completely unloved; can't ever see yourself attracting a new man; and you think you're so hideous you actively avoid mirrors!" Nicky looked at her in shock, her mouth hanging open.

"Sorry," Adele blushed. "I didn't mean that to sound so mean and hurtful. I was just pointing out that although his actions may be over you still have to deal with it all mentally."

"Don't worry," said Nicky. "I'm not looking shocked by what you said, you're absolutely right. It's just that you seemed to read my mind perfectly. That is exactly how I feel."

"Well, we're going to start putting that right. For a start he is a liar. You said he called you ugly. That is simply not true, you have a very pretty face, and I love the way your hair frames it."

Chloe exclaimed her agreement, and Nicky started to blush under these unexpected complements.

"Furthermore," continued Adele. "I don't believe you are fat, or that there is anything wrong with your boobs. I haven't seen you naked, but I've seen you enough on the hockey field, and your figure looks great."

The blushing Nicky added, "Well, clothes do cover up a lot of things."

"I know," continued Adele. "So here's what we are going to do: I want you to stand up in front of us and take your towel off. Chloe and I, as connoisseurs of the female form, will then give you our well balanced opinion of your body, and I'm sure it will be very different to his."

"God no, I couldn't do that," wailed Nicky. "I'd die of embarrassment!"

"Why? We're all girls naked together."

"You're not," Nicky pointed out.

Adele grinned and dropped her towel instantly. "I am now, and Chloe and I are very embarrassed to be showing our bodies when you're so covered up!" She grabbed Nicky's hand and pulled her to her feet.

"I can't," moaned Nicky. "I haven't got a body like you."

"That's no bad thing," retorted Adele roughly grabbing her own small breasts. "Tits of a 12 year old, and no arse to speak of!"

Nicky was really torn. She knew they were trying to help, and part of her wanted to do as Adele asked, but her lack of self-confidence was holding her back. She glanced over at Chloe for support.

Chloe smiled kindly, nodded at Nicky's towel, and then pushed her own chest forward, and slightly parted her legs. Nicky got the message instantly -- lose the towel, and my body is yours. After her recent encounter with Chloe's body this was a very persuasive argument. After a moment's pause she took a deep breath, closed her eyes so she couldn't see their reaction, and let her towel fall to the floor.

Adele gasped. "Oh my god!" she said.

A distraught Nicky screamed, "I knew you'd be shocked by it, it's awful," and lunged for her towel, but Adele was too quick and kicked it of reach. "No, no no," Nicky wailed and frantically tried to cover her breasts with one arm and her crotch with the other.

Adele answered, "I am shocked, but not like you think. I gasped because I think your boobs are amazing. I wish mine were like that -- so firm, so full, so....womanly."

Nicky eyed her suspiciously, but could see she was being honest. "Really?" she said.

"They're beautiful. I would love to touch and caress them. Would you mind?"

Nicky wasn't at all sure about this but only minutes before had herself been sucking Chloe's nipple, so was in no position to say no. Unable to stop herself, she found her mouth uttering the words, "Well, OK then."

Adele reached forward and gently cupped Nicky's right breast, enjoying the feeling of fullness and weight. "Mmmm,"she murmured. She leant forward and gently kissed her nipple. Nicky squirmed with pleasure. "God, they're beautiful Chloe. If that guy thought they were saggy then he's a complete moron!"

Chloe stood up and walked towards them. She reached out and stroked Nicky's left breast. "You're right; they're lovely and definitely nice and pert for their size. Look further down though, isn't that such a gorgeous pussy?" She let her hand slowly slide down over the swell of Nicky's belly and into the soft patch of light brown hair between her legs.

"And she's a proper woman, all natural, not like you baldy," she teased Adele. "I just so love the feel of a furry bush." She continued to caress Nicky, gently sliding a finger between her thighs.

Nicky loved this attention, and was getting very aroused. However she still felt a little insecure. "Is my belly not too big, or my bum?"

"Your belly is lovely," said Chloe. "You have got a little pot, but I think that's cute and sexy. Turn round let's look at your bum."

Nicky did as she asked, and both Adele and Nicky simultaneously exclaimed "Jack!" and then started to laugh.

"What do you mean?" cried a worried Nicky, thinking this was some insult.
