 I spent the rest of the day busying myself with various mundane tasks. I realised that some extra security might not go amiss I phone a Ms Nora on the recommendation of a good friend. She was a woman with tech expertise and we discussed installing CCTV cameras and security alarms. I decided that a mixture of discrete and obvious cameras would be a good idea. Discrete ones above the front and back doors and more obvious ones in the kitchen, slave's bedroom and the bathroom and intruder lights above both the doors. She said that the cameras could be connected to my computer so I could view them easily from my office. The best news was that she could come round within an hour and begin work immediately.

When she arrived we walked round the house and located places to put the cameras. I decided on two each in the kitchen, slave's room and bathroom as that covered the whole room. I also decided to have one in my bedroom only covering the bed. I could have this one disabled if required. She could install the two outside the doors that afternoon as well as the intruder lights and would return the next day to install the others indoors. I left her at work outside the front door just as Ms Rita turned up.

I showed her to the kitchen and the broken pane in the back door. Her reputation was such that I felt safe to leave her to it. Craftswomen quickly lose business if they can't be trusted. I returned to my office and began to type up my diary. I have kept a diary for many years, originally hand-written but, in this modern era, on my computer. It has proved useful in the past as it is doing now in my re-telling of this tale.

I was interrupted after half an hour by Ms Rita telling me she had finished as much as she could for that day. She dutifully followed me into the kitchen so I could inspect her work. A fine job she had done of it as well. It is an old house and the panes of glass in the back door were such that they needed the old-fashioned system of pins and putty to hold them in. Not many women had the skill to do as neat a job as she had done.

"It needs to be left to dry for a day or two, Mistress," she explained, "I can come back in two days time and paint it to match the others. If that is satisfactory, Mistress?"

"That's perfectly fine Rita. It looks to be a very neat job. Where did you learn such skills?" I asked.

"My mother was in the same trade, Mistress."

"By all means return in two days to finish the job and then send the bill to this address. I promise you will be paid promptly."

"Thank you, Mistress."

When she had left I went into the living room and lit the fire before settling into my armchair with a good book. A couple of hours later there was a discrete knock on the door.

"Come in," I called.

Ms Nora came a little way into the room. 

"I have installed the first two of the cameras and the two intruder lights, Mistress. I need to install some software on your computer to finish the job."

I rose from my chair and said, "Follow me."

I led her into the office and pointed her towards my computer. I am in no way technically minded but it does fascinate me. I stood and watched as she inserted a disc and admired the way her fingers flew across the keys. Within minutes the screen lit up with an array of squares, most of them black apart from one showing the view from the front and the other the view from the rear. 

"The others are for the cameras on the inside, Mistress. I can return tomorrow and install those if you would like."

She showed me how to click on a square to enlarge it to full screen and how to get back to the multi-screen. I could envisage hours of fun watching over the whole house.

"I have one small suggestion if I may, Mistress?"

"And what is that?"

"Have you thought about an upgrade, Mistress? I don't like to say it but your system is fairly old and a little slow. I would recommend a new system, Mistress, possibly a laptop that can be moved from room to room. I mean no offense, Mistress."

"None taken, Nora. It is something to think about and we can discuss it further tomorrow."

"Of course, Mistress. Are you happy about how to operate the new program?"

"I think I can manage it thank you. Please leave the computer switched on."

With that she left with a promise with an early return in the morning. I went back to the living room and my book. There was at least 2 hours to go before dusk but I was already impatient. 

An hour later the front door bell chimed. It was then that I realised the wisdom of Ms Nora's advice. My computer was in another room whereas, as she rightly pointed out, I could have taken a laptop with me when I sat down to read.

I opened the front door to find Magda standing there. She was wearing a light summer frock that did little to hide her charms. She carried a bag which I presumed held her chef's whites.

"I'm sorry if I'm a little early, Mistress but I thought I could get on with some food prep. I have brought the fish." She held up the bag as if to show me the fish.

"That's fine," I said, "Come in. I'll leave you to it until I need you."

She left to go into the kitchen and I made my way to my study. I sat in front of my computer toying with various things for half an hour. Suddenly the machine pinged and the screen changed to the new CCTV screen. I clicked on the image for the front door to see the slut standing there illuminated by the new intruder light. It was already quite dark outside and she seemed hesitant. Several times she looked right and left along the street. Finally she seemed to make up her mind and took off the coat I had given her. She folded it neatly and placed it on the bench next to the front door. Next she knelt down and removed her shoes and socks. She stood up and again looked in both directions. Slowly she lifted her top over her head and added it to the coat. As she now seemed committed to going through with it she unfastened her slacks and let them slide down her legs where she kicked them off. She picked them up, folded them and added them to the clothes pile on the bench. Suddenly decisive she leaned forward and pressed the bell before stepping back and, somewhat endearingly I thought, tried to cover herself with one arm over her breasts and one hand covering her sex. I must soon get her away from such modesty.

I leant back in my chair and took a moment to study her. Let her wait, exposed and in public, it was of little concern to me and she must learn who is in charge. Her hair was still straggly and unkempt. She was almost painfully thin. One of my first priorities would be to put some flesh on her bones. After five minutes of waiting she plucked up the courage to press the door bell once more. Time to put her out of her misery I thought to myself. Slowly I got up and walked to the front door. When I opened the door she had a frightened look in her eyes and she still tried to hide behind her hands.

"In," I commanded.

With surprising speed she scurried past me into the hallway. I closed the door and turned to look at her. She stood, half-cowering and still trying to hide herself.

"Stand up straight and hands clasped behind your head," I said with as severe a tone as I could muster, "and feet shoulder-width apart."

I walked slowly around her inspecting every inch. Yes, far too skinny but what was there was wiry and tough. Her breasts were small but pert which is in her favour. I am not over-keen on large breasts although many seem to prefer them. Her pubic hair was short but unshaven. I guessed it was just growing back from a full shave. Her buttocks were neat and still showed signs of her punishment from last night. The welts on her back had faded a little. Her hair was a mess to put it mildly and her face was streaked with dirt. Her hands and more especially her lower legs and feet were filthy.

"Follow me." I ordered and led the way to the living room. On my way past the kitchen I glimpsed Magda sitting patiently at the table. "Can you join us please Magda."

I sat down in my chair and pointed to a spot in the middle of the room.

"Stand there, slut. Do not move or speak. Is that understood?"

I was pleased to see she stood as I had directed, hands clasped behind her head and her feet apart. When Magda came in I motioned for her to come and stand next to my chair. For a couple of minutes we both looked at the slut in silence.

"Turn and face the other way, slut."

Obediently she did so. Another two minutes of silence while we examined her from behind.

"Well, Magda, what do you think of it?"

"It has been recently beaten, Mistress."

"The ones on its buttocks and thighs are from my hand," I confessed, "as punishment for breaking in. The ones on its back are by another but that matter is being dealt with."

"Other than that, Mistress, it could do with a good scrub and its hair needs a good wash at least."

"Turn back and face me, slut"

Dutifully she did so.

"It has small tits, Mistress and its cunt area needs shaving at the very least although I would suggest waxing regularly. That is if you are planning on keeping it, Mistress."

"I left that decision up to it when I kicked it out in the middle of the night. Well, slut, can I take it that your presence here now means that you have made a decision?"

"Yes, Mistress." She blushed and looked slightly scared when she replied.

"First things first I think, Magda. Let's get it cleaned up. Bring it upstairs to the bathroom."

I stood up and walked out of the room and up the stairs. Behind me I heard a sharp squeal and then footsteps following me up the stairs. In the bathroom I sat on the chair in the corner while Magda dragged the slut behind her by a handful of her hair. She flung the girl onto the floor and started to run water into the bath adjusting the taps until the water was about right. The slut cowered on the floor her gaze fixed downward. When there was sufficient water in the bath Magda grabbed her by the hair again and yanked her to her feet. I'd forgotten this side of Magda. When I was training her, as well as teaching her kitchen skills, I had toyed with the idea, as an alternative or an addition, of training her as a Mistress assistant as I could detect a certain air of authority in her. Without a word she pushed the slut toward the bath and she obediently climbed in and sat down.

"It might be easier if you were to strip and then get in with her, Magda."

"As you wish, Mistress."

Magda unbuttoned her chef's top and dropped it to the floor and then let her checked trousers fall to her ankles. Under her chef's clothes she was naked. It had been a long time but the sight of her naked body brought the memories flooding back and the thought of her pleasuring me so well back then made my pussy tingle. I quickly put such thoughts aside. Maybe later? I watched Magda climb into the bath and sit behind the slut. She took a rough flannel and some soap and with one hand tilting her head back began to vigorously scrub the slut's face. The slut started to whimper at the rough treatment.

"Shut up whining, bitch," said Magda, "I'm just trying to clean you up."

Magda applied the coarse flannel to the front of the slut's body making sure everything was well-scrubbed. She did seem to take a little longer over her breasts but they were left clean and slightly red with the nipples nicely perked up. She applied more soap to the flannel and moved it down to between her legs. The slut instinctively closed her legs.

"Don't be so childish, bitch. Of course I have to clean you there."

Magda lifted one leg over the side of the bath opening her thighs to the cleaning routine. Magda seemed to take some pleasure in scrubbing the slut's cunt and inner thighs and it squealed a couple of times which Magda ignored apart from giving her a couple of smacks on her cunt. Magda then stood up and moved to kneel at the other end of the bath. One at a time she worked on the slut's legs and dirt-caked feet. After much scrubbing they started to look much cleaner.

"Turn over onto all fours," Magda commanded her. Positioned thus the damage to the slut's back was more obvious. There were numerous welts and the skin had been broken in several places. Magda can be hard but is never wantonly cruel. She swapped the coarse flannel for a large and much softer sponge which she soaped up and, much more gently, washed the slut's back. She was a little more vigorous with her buttocks and especially in the cleft between. When she was done she pulled the cheeks apart and examined her closely.

"It has a very pretty arsehole, Mistress. Are you going to use it? It certainly looks worthy."

"You know me, Magda, I like having my sluts filled. Its good training in all sorts of ways."

"As I remember well, Mistress. I grew to love it and still use a plug a lot of the time. My last Mistress as well was very keen to see me wearing one. Right, hair I think."

Magda stood up and then sat on the back of the slut. She switched on the shower head and thoroughly wet the slut's head. Then she liberally applied shampoo and worked it in with her fingers. By now the slut was cowed enough to simply stay still on her hands and knees taking Magda's weight on her back as she roughly worked up lather. She was rinsed off and then a conditioner was worked in.

"Its not quite as bad as I thought, Mistress, the knots may just brush out after all."

Finally she rinsed out the conditioner and stood up. She stepped out of the bath, took a large towel from the rail and stood waiting. Slowly realising that bath time was finally over the slut also stood and climbed out of the bath. Magda energetically towelled her dry paying particular attention to her cunt and arse and making sure her nipples were kept hard and erect.

"You will find razors and foam in the cupboard, Magda. You might as well do everything now."

"Sit there, bitch, and spread your knees wide." Magda indicated the toilet directly opposite me and I could inspect the slut's cunt displayed for me. Despite having been thoroughly dried after her bath I was both surprised and delighted that she was already showing signs of arousal that made her cunt lips shine. Magda next applied a generous covering of shaving foam to the slut's pubes.

"I am a competent shaver of cunt hair, bitch, but I can't guarantee not to cut you if you fidget so stay still."

Magda started to skilfully shave away the sparse growth of hair and I was treated to occasional glimpses of the wet inside of the slut's cunt which seemed to get wetter as the procedure went on. Slowly the erotic reveal continued as the foam was scraped away. By the time Magda had finished the slut was positively drooling from her cunt and moisture was spreading down the inside of her thighs. She gazed fixedly at the floor and was blushing. Satisfied with her work Magda wiped any surplus foam away, cleaned the razor in the sink and reached for the stiff hair brush. As she started to tug on the knots of tangled hair I stood up to leave.

"I'll leave you to it, Magda, when you are done I shall be in the dining room. Bring it to me there." 

I walked out of the bathroom and down the stairs and into the dining room. I sat at the head of the table, my pussy tingling. I sat at the head of the table in front of a few things I had sorted out earlier and took a few deep breaths to calm myself. From upstairs I heard the occasional yelp of pain as Magda tried to brush out the tangle mop of hair along with a few harsh admonishments. It seemed Magda was enjoying her new role. I must make sure she is rewarded before the evening is out.