 I couldn't believe that I had been chosen to attend the International Health Symposium in London. It was an honor to be chosen out of all the health non-profits in the country and was lucky to have received a spot amongst well known doctors and researchers in the country. 

I landed at Heathrow early in the morning and was greeted by my "host," Anna. She and I had been corresponding via email during the past six months in preparation and she would be my host and tour guide. She was affiliated with the hospital who was hosting the symposium. 

We had exchanged pictures earlier via email so we'd know what we both looked like. I also found out she had a penchant for California wines so I smuggled a few bottles for her in my overnight bag as my hostess gift to her. She had made all my travel and lodging arrangements and I felt like we were already friends even before we had met. The least I could do was bring her over some yummy bottle of vino to say thank you. 

I saw her holding the sign and recognized her right away. She greeted me cheerily, "Hi, Julia, it's me Anna from the hospital," and she extended her hand and we shook like old friends. I felt the urge to give her a warm, enveloping hug but knew the Brits weren't fans of public displays of affection. 

"Anna, it's so wonderful to finally meet you. I feel like we're old friends after exchanging so many emails. Thank you so much for making my arrangements. I'm very excited to have been chosen to attend. It's an honor." I smiled warmly and noticed how soft and silky her hair looked and what a pretty smile she had. Wow, am I jetlagged? Why am I checking her out? 

She guided me to the baggage claim and we collected my bags. She told me my hotel wasn't far from the conference and she chatted about what restaurants and pubs she recommended and handed me the conference itinerary. 

I looked it over and sighed, "Looks like I won't have a lot of time for sightseeing. This is my first time to London and I wanted to check out the sites."

She patted my hand and felt a spark run through my body. Weird. My body was tingling. "Don't worry, Julia, I'll sneak you out of the boring seminars and we'll go have some girl fun!" She winked at me and smiled, almost flirtatiously.

The way she said "girl fun" sent a thrill coursing through my body. I need some sleep, I thought wearily.

We finally arrived at my hotel and I thanked her and told her I needed to seriously catch up on sleep if I was going to make it through tomorrow. 

"Would you like to go out later? We can grab some drinks at the pub down the street. I'm sure some of the local ale will make you feel better."

"Ahhh, I see. You want to get me drunk on my first night and make fun of the inebriated American woman making a fool out of herself?" I joked with her.

"Yes, be careful. Those wily Brit guys will be all over you and wanting to seduce you in your drunken state. Easy prey," she joked back.

This woman was flirting with me--no doubt about it. Well, two can play that game.

"Hmmm. Are you sure it's just Brit men who want to get in my pants? Not Brit women?" I teased naughtily, wanting to see what kind of reaction I'd get.

She smiled very sexily and laughed, "Well, we shall see, won't we, Miss Flirt?"

My body was really tingling now and I could feel my pussy overheat. What am I doing? I'm here for a conference. It really must be the jet lag talking.

I stammered a little, "I was just kidding, Anna. I'm really jet lagged right now. My brain isn't functioning."

"It's okay, luv, I know you must be exhausted. I'll be back to pick you up at 8 pm. Will you be ready?"

"Sure, that sounds perfect."

I set my alarm and turned back the covers. I kicked off my jeans and sweaters and boots and fell into bed. I fell asleep thinking about Anna's sexy accent and how her full cleavage hugged the outline of her sweater. Mmmm. I was really jetlagged. 

I woke up feeling refreshed but a bit groggy. I jumped in the shower letting the hot spray wake me up and still couldn't get the sexy Anna out of my head. I've been bicurious for a long time but had not really acted upon it. I had chatted with women online but to no avail I hadn't had any luck. I've been asked by men to join in threesomes but I wanted my first time to be solo with a woman. I was starting to wonder if Anna was bi or a lesbian by the comments she made. Maybe was just merely being friendly and joking with me. 

She was a bit older than me which was appealing and I loved her natural curves and couldn't help but rest my eyes on her full ass when she left. I loved how her sexy ass swayed. Stoppppp! I was really losing it. I just met this woman and I wanted to jump her but there was a sexy vibe she was giving off and I was very curious to explore it and see if I was imagining it. 

I put on a pair of extra tight jeans that hugged my ass nicely and a black tight sweater that showed off my breasts. I made sure it had a deep v-neck to show off my cleavage. Oh my God, I was dressing up like a little slut tonight. What was I trying to do? Get a reaction from her? Mmmm. Maybe I was. 

I put on my "fuck me" high-heeled boots and let my long, brown hair stay loose and curly tonight. I put on a deeper shade of lipstick and made up my eyes smokier than usual. Wow, I did have that "come hither and fuck me" look to me tonight. 

She was a few minutes late. She looked really sexy in black tight pants and a sexy wore high heeled boots as well. Her reddish brown hair was curled and looked sexy falling over her shoulders. She looked hot. I need to stop drooling over her. This wasn't cool and definitely not professioal.

We walked to the pub and she ordered us pints and some appetizers. 

"Oh, Anna,I forgot to give you my presents!" I said as we drank the strong dark ale.

"Presents? Ah, you didn't need to bring me any presents." 

"But I had to--you've been so nice and helpful. I know how much you love wine so brought you a few bottles of the best Cali vino!"

"Why didn't you say something earlier? We could be drinking good wine instead!! That was so sweet and thoughtful. Thank you." She reached over and touched my hand.

The pub started to fill up and get smokier and I coughed a little.

"Sorry not used to the smoke. No smoking in bars in California so not used to this. It's getting to me." 

"We don't need to stay. We can order dinner at the hotel--room service--and open up a bottle of wine."

"That sounds great and I'm still really jet-lagged."

"Ah you poor girl. You should have said something. Let's get you back to the hotel."

When we got back to my room, we opened up the bottle of Shiraz and we ordered room service. We drank and chatted while we waited for room service. We couldn't believe how much we had in common and how our lives paralleled each other--even though we were worlds apart and there was an age difference between us. 

Room service finally arrived and I was pretty drunk by the time we started to eat. I was feeling giddy and relaxed and kept bumping my elbow against her as we sat side by side on the bed sharing the food and wine.

I looked up at her and said, "Thanks for making me feel welcome on my first night in London. You don't have to babysit me though. I feel bad. I'm sure you had better offers tonight."

"Oh stop it. My hubby is busy with work and I wanted to chat with you and get to know you better. I feel like we're long lost friends--we have so much in common."

We opened the second bottle of wine and both of us were pretty gone by then.

"Ohhh great, now I'm going to have the biggest hangover and I have to be up early for the seminars tomorrow. It's all your fault. You're a bad influence on meeee," I slurred my words as I waved my glass around, sloshing wine on the floor, "whoopppsss!"  

She laughed at me and scooted closer, "You have no idea what a bad influence I really can be, " she joked.

I could feel my body tingle and felt the wine going straight to my head and to my nipples. My nipples instantly became hard. I giggled.

"Why Anna? Are you planning to have your way with me now that I'm drunk on wine? Please don't take advantage of me. I'm a good girl...really I am." I laughed and the wine sloshed on her shirt.

"Oh shit. I'm sorry hon." I tried to wipe off the stain but it only got worse. She laughed as she took off her top. She was wearing a sexy black and silver see-through bra which made me blush. I could clearly see the outline of her pink nipples through the bra. They looked delicious. 

I must have been staring a little too long because she leaned over and whispered, "Do you like what you see, little naughty girl?" 

I gulped and could feel my nipples push against my bra. They ached from being so hard.

We both were drunk and I couldn't believe how hot she was and how aroused she was making me feel. She was so sexy.

I whispered, "Yes, very much, oh God, Anna, I'm sorry. I've never...I mean...you are so sexy but..."

"Shhh, it's ok. You and I are going to have a lot of fun tonight. Just relax, luv. I've wanted you ever since I saw your picture. You look damn edible tonight. Very tasty, Julia." 

"Mmmmmmm." I moaned softly as she trailed her fingers down my neck.

She leaned over and started kissing me--hot, warm sensual kisses...God, I was on fire. I felt her tongue snake between my lips and tangle with my tongue...swirling around my tongue and brushing across my lips. I moaned louder and my hands tentatively went to cup her breasts. 

"God yes, Jul, right there. Your hands feel perfect. Squeeze them together. Tug on my stiff nipples." 

I cupped her sexy tits through her bra and gently tugged and pulled on her pink, pebble-hard nipples through her see through bra. God, I was getting so wet playing with her fat nipples. 

We continued kissing and then her hands went to my sweater and she tugged it over my head. I was wearing a sexy hot pink push up demi bra that showed off my creamy soft tits. 

"God, your tits are amazing, " she cooed reaching down to flick at my cleaveage with her tongue. I moaned as I continued to tweak and tug at her nipples.

I was getting so horny and hot for her. I couldn't stand it. My pussy was throbbing and could feel my wet juices seeping through my thong.

I pushed down her cups and bent my head down, taking her left hard nipple between my lips tugging and teasing with my lips and tongue. She moaned and pushed me against her tits, pushing her hands in my hair. I had never sucked on a woman's breasts before but I knew what I liked and had a strong feeling she would like the same. 

I bit and nibbled around the areola and then flicked my tongue across the tip, causing her to groan deeply. I squeezed her lovely full tits together and moaned against her as I licked and sucked hard as I moved to her other nipple. I noticed that the other nipple was pierced. I worked my tongue around the steel and flicked and tugged the hard pierced nip between my teeth. 

"Yessssss. God, harder. I love my nipples sucked hard." she moaned as she squirmed her ass on the bed.

Her fingers tugged and pulled and rolled my rock hard pink nipples as I continued to lick and suck on her stiff buds.

"Julia, you are making me soooo wet. You really are a naughty girl. I had a feeling you were a naughty little slut." She laughed, "and I can't believe you've never been with a woman. Mmmm."

Fueled by the wine and my insatiable arousal, I tugged at her nipples harder and squeezed her breasts together, trying to take both nipples into my mouth.

"I think I want more, Anna. God I want to see you naked, hon. Mmm let me help you out of your pants." I tugged at the button of her slacks and we unzipped her pants together, sliding them down her legs. She was wearing a see-through black lacy thong. Her crotch was wet and I could smell her pussy in the air. I sniffed, inhaling her sexy scent. 

"You smell delicious. I'm sooo sorry, Anna, did I make you wet and horny?" I teased as I trailed my fingers down her stomach.

"God yes, you naughty girl. You made me so damn wet and you know it."

I tickled my fingers over her mound and could feel her heat and wetness on the crotch of her panties. I rubbed my hand over her crotch as she squirmed and wiggled on the bed. I loved feeling her pussy through her panties. 

"Fair is fair. Get your ass out of those pants. I want to see that sweet pussy--NOW!" She ordered and I giggled as I tugged off my jeans, leaving on my tiny pink matching thong. There was a huge wet spot in the middle of my panties and I spread my legs a little showing off my wet panties to her.

"You mean this sweet, wet pussy?" I slid my fingers over my wet panties pushing my middle finger into my crotch. I brought my wet finger to my lips and sucked.

Anna grabbed my legs and pulled me to her. I got on top of her and straddled her, pushing my wet panties against her panties and mashing our tits together.

We both moaned as I ground my sweet cunt against her pussy. I could feel her heat as I pushed my pussy harder against her. We looked at each other, pure animal lust in our eyes, as we pressed together.

"Get up for a second, hon, take off those panties right now. I want that juicy, hot pussy against mine now," she ordered which was exciting. I'd never been told what to do in a sexual situation and it was making me even more hot. 

I obeyed and pulled off my panties as she tugged off her soaking panties. I positioned myself on top of her full, fat pussy lips and ground my slick, naked cunt against hers. 

"Oh my God, I think I could cum right now, Anna. Your pussy feels so good."

"Fuck me first, little slut, and then you can cum. God your pussy is so hot. Open your legs wider so I can feel your slick juices drown my pussy, baby."

I opened my legs wider grinding against her I could feel her hood opening and her hard clit rubbing against my big, fat clit. I was so close to cumming and her hard clit against mine almost pushed me over the edge. 

"Please Anna, I'm so close. I want to cum all over your beautiful pussy. Please let me cum," I begged as I ground against her, rocking, pushing my pussy harder against her.

She was breathing heavily, moaning as I ground my slick cunt against her swollen pussy. I wanted to feel our cum mingling together as we both exploded.

"Not yet, you naughty little slut. I'll tell you when you're allowed to make that pretty pussy cum. You are so hot and wet. You need to cum badly, don't you?" she whispered in my ear as she reached around and grabbed my ass and then gently spanked it. 

"God yesssss, I've wanted this so badly...I've wanted to be with a hot, sexy woman like you. God, you're turning me into a hot little slut, Anna." I moaned rocking harder against her, feeling and hearing our pussies slosh together from the friction and wetness. 

"Such a good little slut....fucking my wet pussy so nicely. I love how you are fucking my pussy. You are doing such a good job." 

I was ready to lose it any second, especially when she spanked my ass a little harder. I was moaning very loudly and was pussy fucking her harder, my rock hard clit throbbing as I pushed my clit harder against her. 

"Anna, do you like my big clit and my hot pussy? Tell me you like how I'm fucking you."

"Yessss honey, you are doing a good job. I like how you're fucking my fat pussy lips and my hard clit. It feels good baby. Keep going and I'll let you cum."

I rode her pussy harder, my face flushed, my body glistening...I was so damn close.

"Please Anna, I have to cum. Please let me cum. Ohhhh, I'm so close."

"Do it then baby. Cum all over my wet juicy pussy lips. I want to feel that sweet cunt gush--do it NOW!" She commanded.

As soon as I heard her command, I came so hard, my clit throbbing, my juices gushing out of me--cumming so hard all over Anna's creamy pussy. I screamed her name so loud and grabbed onto her sexy tits as I came over and over, wanting her to feel my cum splash all over her swollen lips. 

"Annnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa I'm cummmminggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!" I screamed at the top of my lungs, not caring if anyone heard in the next room. 

Anna groaned loudly, tensed her body, and felt her body shake wildly as she came so hard against my pussy, her swollen clit throbbing against mine which only sent me into another series of shattering spasms. I couldn't stop cumming and quaking with her. 

We kept cumming and cumming until finally our bodies were slack and we collapsed against each other. We moaned softly and we both giggled at the same time. 

"God, Anna that was so amazing. I've never cum so hard in my life."

"Mmm and that wasn't anything, hun. So how many seminars do you plan to miss? I think this will be a better education for you. I think I want to fuck you a lot while you're here."

"I am going to miss the whole damn conference if I have to. I can't wait for you to fuck me until I can't walk. God, you are so hot. Mmmm."

We both fell asleep our legs wrapped around each other. I think I am really going to love London, I smiled to myself and fell asleep next to sexy Anna, the first woman I've ever fucked.