 A bit about me before I start and hope you read my previous stories where I met Nirosha, a hot 18 year old girl with an awesome body and personality and then her friend Jane.

I am Shani and I am 30. I live in Sri Lanka and I am single. I dark complexioned and 5 feet 10 inches which is unusual for a Sri Lankan girl. I have 34D cups which is one of my strong points, no pun intended. My hips are not very wide but shapely enough to attract attention. My butt is cute enough to look hot in hipsters. I love to wear tight pants to show off my butt and hips. I have shoulder length hair which is jet black.

After my encounter with Jane and Nirosha, I started becoming more comfortable being a lesbian. However, Nirosha left Sri Lanka to start on her higher studies in the UK. We parted as friends, but it was a tough break. I spent almost 2 weeks in my apartment thinking about our encounters. I missed her energetic personality. After the second week, one of my friends came to see me. Her name was Waruni, but I used to call her Rosy in school simply because of her rosy lips. Waruni was a petite lady with a fantastic figure. She had short dark hair upto to her shoulders and her eyes were dark and oriental in shape. Her skin was fairer than most Sri Lankans. She was married and didn't have any kids. She maintained her figure by going to the gym at least thrice a week. Her best asset was her bust which was 32C and seems bigger because of her smaller frame. Her walk was the sexiest I have seen on a woman where the sway of her hips was much more than an average woman which made it interesting to look at. It was as if her hips were attached to a set of springs that had no relationship whatsoever to the rest of her body.

So while I was moping about Nirosha, there was a knock on the door. I was not too interested in having company and I must have had an irritable look on my face as I opened the door. My mood changed when I saw Waruni. She seemed a little haggard and one look at her face told me that she had cried her heart out. I forgot all about my troubles and ushered her in. I let her settle down on my couch while I made a cup of Ceylon tea for her. Apart from being a destination of cool and friendly people, my country is famous for its tea. 

She took the cup gratefully and smiled at me. It was a heart wrenching smile. I watched her pink lips as she sipped the tea, tears in her eyes. She could not hold it in any longer. She put the cup on the coffee table and turned to me. I reached out to her and she broke into tears. I held her hard as I felt her let go. I felt her tears running down my neck and down by back. I held her tight while rubbing her back and making consoling noises. After about half an hour, her sobs subsided and she calmed down enough to tell me what was bothering her.

She went on to tell me about her husband and that she found out that he was gay. She was devastated to find that he had married her out of convenience and that he kept going back to his lover. It had first started after a few months of marriage where he had lost all interest in her sexually. She wondered about it first and thought that work related stress was the cause. She had found other interests to compensate for sex and that is how she ended up getting into physical fitness and community service. According to Waruni they had not had sex for the last 2 years and two days ago she had found out about his affair with another man. When confronted he had broken down and asked for a divorce. I let her get the stress out of her by letting her talk about it.

"How could I have been so stupid?"

"Its not your fault, Waruni, anyone could have fallen for him. He is such a nice guy."

"I know, but I am so upset about it. It would have been OK, if it were another woman, but a guy?"

"But I am sure he could not help it."

"So what do I do? I don't know what to think."

Then she laughed.

"Its kind of ironic. I remained faithful to that jerk for 2 years where I could have cheated on him. I wasted two years of mind blowing sex!"

"Oh Waruni, don't think like that," I tried to console her.

"No! I am going to teach him a lesson. I am going to find a girl and fuck her to show him that I can do it too!"

I almost had a heart attack at the thought of Waruni making love to a woman. She was gorgeous and suddenly other thoughts started to enter my mind.

"Why don't you clean yourself up and we can do something together? You can stay here for a few days until we sort things out," I offered her.

She turned to me and gave me a hug.

"Shani, you are a great friend." 

I hugged her back, struggling not to feel her soft warm body in my arms and tried to ignore her breasts mashing up against mine.

I got her settled in my room and she went for a wash. I waited for her in the living room watching television. My mind was not settled enough to concentrate and I kept flicking channels until Waruni appeared. I almost did a double take. She looked like a teen in a pink camisole and silk boxers. I think I had my mouth open for a while and I just stared at her. She looked awesome. I sincerely hoped that she didn't notice my gaping mouth as she sat opposite me and put her legs up on the sofa. Her breasts jiggled inside the cami at each step she took. I 

"What are you watching?"

"Nothing, really. There is not much on." I replied, my voice seemed to come out of a well.

She smiled at me.

"What do you want to have for dinner?" I asked, trying not to stare at her.

"Well, lets get some pizza," she said.

I was wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt that was tight enough to make a grown man weak in the knees. I wore a bra for modesty and of course, panties. I struck a sexy pose where I was sure my assets were in full display while I made the call. I returned to the sofa and I flipped channels. Waruni seemed lost in her own thoughts and I decided not to intrude. She got up after a few minutes and went over to my DVD collection.

"Hey, you have a nice collection of movies," she commented.

"Do you have porn?" she asked.

"No."

"Oh, come on, don't lie to me!"

"I don't have porn!"

She started to go through the drawers on the same cabinet. I suddenly remembered that I had kept some of my porn DVD's in there. I heard a exclamation as she found my stash.

"So you don't have porn? I don't remember seeing a movie about lesbian bra busters, or Big tit lesbians."

Just then the door bell rang and I walked over to the door to find the pizza delivery guy who started to eye my breasts hungrily. I gave him a view he would not forget as I bent over to sign the credit card receipt. He was dumbstruck as I closed the door gently in his face, smiling wickedly.

Waruni asked me why and I told her what I did. She laughed at my slutty behavior. She was watching an 80's lesbian collection starring Christy Canyon. My face went red at the sight of Christy Canyon licking Traci Lord's pussy. I tried to distract her from watching it by waving the Pizza in front of her face. She stared at it with her eyes wide while she tried to push me away. In the process, she pulled my t-shirt exposing my bra for a short while and she laughed at me pointing to my exposed melons barely concealed by a struggling bra. I can't explain why but I was furious with her and I put the pizza on the table and literally sat on her back and started to tickle her. She struggled under me but I was too heavy for her to topple over. In her desperation, she turned onto her back and I imprisoned both her hands while sliding down to stop her legs from moving. I had her securely pinned. I smiled wickedly at her as she pleaded with me not to tickle her. I used my teeth to pull up her camisole exposing her tight tummy and started to nuzzle against it making her scream and struggle. I didn't let her go and kept tickling her with my lips. She was laughing so hard and struggling but she was unable to get up. Since I was sitting on her thighs, her struggling legs applied pressure against my pussy making me feel slightly horny. I kept willing her to struggle more so that her thighs would rub against my pussy which was starting to become wet.

Finally, I let go of her arms and they shot up and pulled me to her hard reversing the hold. She got me into the same position she was in and had my arms imprisoned. I didn't struggle too hard and let her win. She lifted my t-shirt and started to tickle with her hot lips. When she bent over, I could see her creamy breasts. I couldn't take my eyes off them. I made sure my thighs rubbed against her pussy as I struggled strategically. She went on kissing giving me no indication that I was getting through to her with my little thigh rub. I wanted to find out if she felt it, so I stopped moving my thighs and immediately, she started to grind herself against them. I felt goosebumps as I felt her rhythmically rock against my thighs.

As usual, the stupid phone rang breaking our sexy wrestling match. Waruni's face was flushed as she quickly got off me and I rushed to the phone. I was frustrated to find out that the caller had got the wrong number. I cursed him silently as I turned to Waruni. She had turned off the DVD player and was pretending to read a newspaper. Her chest betrayed her outward calm appearance as I noticed it rise and fall rapidly. I decided to put her at ease and called her to the dinner table. She ate silently refusing to make eye contact. I didn't push it but after dinner we retired to bed. I shared my twin bed with her and we went under the covers. After a while, she turned to me.

"Shani, are you awake?"

"Yes, Waruni."

"I am sorry about what happened earlier."

"What baby?"

"Well, when I kind of, well this is embarrassing."

"Tell me."

"It felt good rubbing against you."

"Oh that? Don't worry about it."

"What do you mean? You mean you are OK with the fact that I half molested you?"

"Well, I wouldn't call it molesting, Waruni. I didn't exactly protest, did I?"

"Well I guess not."

She was silent for a while.

"Well, can I ask you something?"

"Yeah, what is it?"

"Well, did you enjoy it too?"

"Yeah, I did and I was mad when the phone rang."

She laughed.

"Well its not the first time I have done this with a girl."

It was my time to be surprised.

"Oh really?"

"Yeah, in boarding school, I saw two older girls doing it. I told this to one of my friends and then we tried it. It was nice and we did it a few times."

"Wow, I didn't know that you had experience with girls, Waruni."

"Well, I have a confession to make too," I said, my voice getting a little strained.

"Please don't judge me ok?"

She nodded, coming closer under the covers, her face a few inches away from mine. I told her about Nirosha and then about Jane and how I enjoyed being with women. She listened with her eyes getting bigger and bigger. I finished with tears in my eyes as I told her about losing Nirosha.

She pulled me to her and hugged me fiercely.

"Don't hate me Waruni, I know you hate people who are gay," I whispered.

"Oh no, baby, I hate my jerk of a husband. I am sorry if I gave you that impression." 

She held me tight. I returned her hug. As I was beginning to get warm feelings elsewhere, she let me go and turned around and went to sleep. I didn't want to make a move so I fell asleep watching her sexy back. 

I don't know what woke me up but it was dark. I then felt the bed shaking. Waruni had her arm across me and her hand was squeezing my breast. I was facing her. As my eyes slowly got adjusted to the darkness, I was able to see her humping a pillow between her legs. She was still wearing her shorts and the camisole and her head was turned towards me. It was such and erotic sight. Her body was moving fluidly on the bed against the pillow. All of a sudden she gave a cry of frustration and stopped. 

Her hand continued to rub my breast. I decided to spice things up a bit by moaning. Her hand stopped and then after a few seconds started to rub it once more. I moaned a little louder and her hand stopped again. To my relief it started again. I felt her come closer. My hand lay at an angle and I felt it brush her thigh. It took a while and her thigh moved to a position on top of my hand. 

I made sure my fingers were curled up slightly. She moved a bit more and my hand was right under her crotch. She adjusted her position so that her crotch rubbed against the palm. I held it firmly and she started to move gently. She kept stopping after every few seconds to check if I were awake. I kept my eyes closed. Her arm encircled me and she started to move slowly at first and the pace of her breathing increased. By this time my pussy was drenched but I willed myself not to make a move. I felt I would be intruding if I woke up at this point. She continued to rub against my palm and then suddenly, she stopped with a moan of frustration. It was clear that she could not reach orgasm. I then heard the quiet sobbing of a frustrated lady. I remained as I was and wondered what I should do. After a while she moved off my hand and turned my back to me. 

I didn't sleep after that. My mind was in full gear and I felt sorry for Waruni. My pussy was still wet and I put my hand under the covers and started to rub my pussy. I took one of my pillows and put it between my legs and started to rub on it. Soon afterwards I got hornier and I bunched up the pillow so that it was like a saddle and started to rock against it. I didn't realise that I was making a racket and shaking the bed. I lifted my tshirt so that my nipples and tummy would rub against the soft pillow. I kept assaulting my pillow. I felt my orgasm come closer and closer and I came hard against the pillow and I was drenched in sweat. I let my breathing settle down and got off the pillow. When I turned towards Waruni I was shocked to find that she was facing me. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was even and I breathed a sigh of relief. 

I fell asleep looking at her sweet face and when I woke up, Waruni was already up and making breakfast. I cleaned up and went down in a fresh t-shirt and shorts, deliberately braless. The t-shirt I wore had a V neckline to show off my cleavage. Waruni seemed quiet and I wanted to cheer her up. I went behind her and hugged her. She jumped a little and leaned back as she realised its me. She was wearing a short cotton skirt and a strap t-shirt. I could see the outline of her bra through the t-shirt. 

"Hey, sister, why are you up so early?" I whispered in her ear, making sure that my breasts mashed up against her back. She shuddered a little and I couldn't tell if it was because of my breath in her ear or my breasts against her back. My hands caressed her tummy gently as I continued to hug her. I kissed her on the cheek. The egg got in the way and I had to let go of her reluctantly. I went back to the kitchen table and poured myself a cup of orange juice, admiring her shaking butt as she stirred the scrambled egg. I felt my pussy getting moist at the thought of what happened the night before. Breakfast was done and we sat down to eat. I deliberately rested my breast on the table so that they balooned up. Her eyes kept going my breasts and I pretended not to notice. I got up a couple of times to serve some egg and I bent over so that she could get a good look at my breasts. I didn't try to catch her in the act but when I looked up her eyes quickly went back to her plate. The color of her cheeks told me that she had seen enough to make her blush.

We made small talk and she seemed ill at ease. I assumed that it must have been due to the frustration the night before. The more I looked at her face, the more I wanted to help her reach the unattainable orgasm.

"You seem a little distracted."

"Oh, yeah. I didn't get much sleep last night."

"Oh dear, why is that?"

"I don't know. I guess since its the change of place I guess."

"Oh, you don't feel at home in my bed?" I needled her.

She blushed. "No! That's not it. I quite enjoyed sleeping in your bed." Her face turned crimson. I decided not to push it. She started to rub her left hand. I asked her what happened. She just said that she must have knocked against something. I drew my chair close to her and took her hand. I covered her hand with both my hands and started to caress it. I looked into her eyes as I caressed her hand. Her eyes kept moving back and forth between my eyes, my breasts and my hand. After a while, she became more comfortable looking into mine. I slowly raised her hand to my face and kissed it. I kissed each finger, her palm, rubbing it against my face.

"What are you doing Shani?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

"Well, I am just kissing your fingers. Don't you like it?"

She smiled nervously. Her hands shook and there was some resistance as I tried to put her fingers in my mouth. I knew I was close to getting her into my bed and kept up the pressure. I took her thumb and started to lick it like a cock, my tongue darting to the point it was most sensitive to a man. I ran my tongue round her thumb and then started to suck on it. I kept looking at her face and she couldn't help licking her lips. However, she still sat rigid on the chair. I deliberately pulled my t-shirt down exposing more of my breasts. The little movement drew her eyes to my cleavage again.

Since I had her distracted with my breasts, I decided to turn up the heat a notch further. I started to move closer, pushing up my breasts provocatively. Her concentration remained on my breasts and I could see her chest heaving faster as her breath started coming faster. I put one arm around her and I started rubbing her back. She moaned as she felt my hand rub her back. I realised that she was starved of touch and this encouraged me to go slow. Finally, her head rested on my shoulder as she visibly relaxed. Her hand started to rub my face as I sucked on the fingers or her other hand. 

After a few minutes I took her onto my lap. She was not too heavy and I cradled her in my arms as I started to kiss her forehead, holding her like a baby. Her body seemed fragile and innocent in my arms. If I didn't know her real age, she could have been easily mistaken for a teen. I kissed her eyes lovingly and moved lower, tracing her nose with my tongue. My long tongue found her lips and started to lick them gently. Her lips quivered against my probing tongue but they remained closed. 

I started to suck them gently, probing them with my tongue like I would do with a pussy. Her body tensed a little since she recognised the action. I kept probing her lips while one of my hands started to rub her tummy over the fabric of her top. Her mouth opened a little and I grabbed my chance and my tongue forced its way into her mouth. She resisted the kiss, but it was half-hearted and before long I was kissing her hard. Her sensual lips drove me crazy while I tried to get them into my mouth. I sucked them each with great intensity and she responded and finally we were in a kiss where each of us were trying to get more of the others tongue and lips. Her breath was coming faster and her body was writhing in my arms. My hand snaked under her t-shirt exploring the soft flesh of her belly. Our kissing became even more intense as she realised that my hands would soon make contact with her breasts. She made moaning noises in her throat while she kissed me.

I wanted to tease her to make her forget any resistance she would offer me. So my hand stayed tantalisingly close to her breasts while I kissed her. Her tongue was fiercely sensual, drawing mine out so that her mouth could suck it all into her mouth. At one point I thought my tongue would be torn out. Her intensity must have been because of the frustration she had in her own sexless marraige and I had managed to finally open the flood gates. Without warning her hand pushed mine upto her breasts and I felt the thin material of her bra. I shuddered as I felt the soft warmth underneath the material. I reached up to pull down the cup so I could feel the hard nipple. I was greeted with a fairly large nipple that poked into my palm when I tried to squeeze her breasts. She moaned into my mouth and her mouth moved out of mine and moved down lower to my throat, sucking my skin hard into her mouth. Her tongue moved lower and lower pushing my neckline down, reminding me of a baby searching for her mother's warmth. Since I was not wearing a bra, I had to help her a little to find my nipple. It disappeared into her mouth the moment she found it, sending a jolt of pleasure like a bolt of lightning throughout my body. I almost screamed and she stopped. I urged her to suck them again. She started more carefully this time and I shuddered as my nipple slipped into her mouth smoothly.
