 It was just about closing time on Friday night, and I was itching to get off work. For once, I was actually going to have an entire weekend off from my job at the lingerie store, and it was all I could do not to just shoo all the customers out and close the store a bit early.

However, just five minutes before closing, she walked in. A beautiful, elegant, sexy woman who obviously did not care what time it was or when the store closed. She strolled in, walked around the store a bit, running her fingers over the silky materials of the skimpiest lingerie. Finally, she stopped, right in front of me, and flashed me a gorgeous smile. I instantly knew that I would not be leaving the store on time tonight.

"I was hoping you would be able to help me. I have a...party...to go to tomorrow, and I was hoping to buy some nice lingerie for a gift. Do you have any suggestions?" Again, the smile flashed at me, and I knew I was in for the long haul.

I smiled back and asked the woman to come with me. I began to pick out some of the more expensive, elegant pieces, figuring that if I was going to have to stay late, I might as well milk the woman for all she was worth and get something out of the deal in return. My thinking was getting a bigger commission, but I ended up getting a lot more than I ever hoped for.

The woman smiled and nodded as I showed her the tasteful lingerie, but after five minutes, I could tell she wasn't interested in anything I had showed her. Finally, she turned to me, and put her hand on my arm, stroking it ever so gently. "Sweetie, I know that it is time for the store to close. Why don't you go ahead and lock the door? I am going to require your services for quite a while tonight, and I promise you, I can make it worth your while. I am going to give you a very very large tip for being so helpful, so no worries." I started to protest, as we are not allowed to accept tips from customers, but she wouldn't hear of it. "Your superiors need never know. Please, just let me do this for you, as I am in desperate need of your help. Please?"

I looked into her eyes, and I knew there was no backing down. There was something about this woman that drew me to her. Her long, silky brown hair tumbling over her shoulders, over the expensive coat and scarf she wore. Her long, black lashes framing her deep green eyes. Her full, luscious lips, drawing into a smile, just for me. Deep in my mind, I knew that a store clerk like me could never even hope to be with a amazing woman such as the one standing before me. Besides, she was wearing a huge rock on her finger, a beautiful wedding set. Even if I could ever had a chance with her, she was married. No such luck for me.

I smiled and nodded, walking away to lock the door. By the time I got back to her, she had two sets of lingerie in her hands. "Well, that was fast," I said as I smiled, and she gave me a mischievous look, her eyes twinkling, as she handed one set to me.

"Strangely enough, my friend is very nearly the same build as you. Would you mind too much trying this set on for me, so I can see if it fits?" I looked at her, a bit surprised, but finally nodded, figuring the more I did for her, the bigger the tip I would be receiving later.

I slipped into a dressing room, and turned to undress, letting my clothes fall around me. I quickly slipped off the bra and panties I was wearing, and then pulled the sexy black thong underwear up. All the while, my lovely customer, whose name she told me was Celeste, was telling me what the gift was for. Her friend's birthday was the following day, and she figured that sexy lingerie would make her feel good. She was in a group of five women who called themselves "The Lonely Wives Club." I inquired about the meaning of this club, and she responded that although the five of them live in an upscale, wealthy neighborhood, that certainly didn't mean that they were happy wives with loving husbands. Each one of them knew their husbands to be cheating, and most of them had very strained marriages. However, they were not going to let their husbands off the hook so easily. They figured they would continue to take advantage of their husbands' wealth, as they had found the joy and pleasure they were missing with their husbands in each other. I wondered at that last comment...joy and pleasure in each other...but I let it go.

As I began to slip on the bra, I felt silken fingers caressing my back, running up my spine to help clasp the bra. I jumped slightly, but allowed my customer to do me this favor. I felt my nipples harden as her fingers ran against my back, and immediately, I became wet. "Well, guess I'll be buying this set of lingerie!" I thought to myself.

I turned around to face Celeste, and I saw her eyes taking in my petite, slim form methodically. I kept telling myself she was just sizing up the lingerie to make sure it fit correctly, but her eyes lingered on my mound and my rather large breasts a little too long. I blushed slightly at this attention, at which she laughed, rather heartily. "You're lovely, just lovely...the lingerie looks fantastic. I will go ahead and get that set for my friend." I nodded and began to gather up my clothes to get dressed again when I felt Celeste's hand on my shoulder. Her lips brushed my ear as she whispered, "Now, I didn't say I was finished. Help me into this other set...I want to get a little something for myself as well."

A little self-conscious, I turned to help her out of her clothes and into her set. As I undressed her, I realized what a gorgeous body she had: a slender waist, long shapely legs, large perky breasts. She couldn't have been much older than her early thirties, which was rather sad to me. To be so young and in such a loveless marriage was rather tragic. At only 23, I hoped that my future was not so similar to hers.

She looked absolutely stunning in the sheer maroon bra with matching panties. I could see her dark areola through the sheer fabric, her nipples straining against the bra. Her trimmed bush was visible as well, and I could not help but run my tongue over my lips as I took her body in. I heard her chuckle, and my gaze snapped back up to her face, and I felt myself color darkly. "Do you wish to purchase this set as well? It looks....very nice...on you."

I heard a low moan, almost a growl, escape her lips, and she advanced on me. "Darling, I do want to purchase both, but believe me, I'm not through with you yet." She pressed her body against me, backing me against the wall of the dressing room. Her soft lips met mine as her arms encircled me, running down my back to squeeze my butt. I groaned against her and feebly tried to struggle against her, but finally, my desire for her took over. I surrendered to her, letting her lips and hands assault my body, whose every nerve was tingling and screaming with her every touch.

She pushed me back to the bench, sitting me down, as she continued to kiss my lips, moving to my neck, down my chest. She kneeled before me, taking my nipple between her teeth, biting it through the fabric of the bra. I sucked in my breath, surprised at the pleasure I felt from the pain. Her fingers ran down my stomach, pressing against my belly button, making me moan again, and then continued their way down to my mound. As she continued to bite and suck at my nipples, her fingers began to trace my slit through my panties, which were soaking wet. She began to rub my pussy more vigorously as she bit my nipple even harder. I cried out, and just as my cry escaped my lips, her fingers quickly slipped inside my panties and plunged deep into my pussy. My hips bucked, coming right off the seat, and I grabbed the back of her head and pressed her mouth to my breasts even tighter. I felt her smile against me, and then chuckle at the response she was eliciting from me.

Celeste looked up at me and smiled a very naughty smile. "How do you like your tip, love?" All I could do was moan softly. Again, she chuckled as she grabbed my breasts, kneading them, pinching my nipples. She then reached around to unclasp my bra, letting my breasts bounce free. Again, she assaulted my nipples with her mouth, sucking even harder than before. My hips began to move again, wanting to feel her fingers deep in my wetness. Suddenly, she pulled back and looked at me again.

"You are such a beautiful young woman. Your skin is so soft....and your body so firm. I do think I need to taste your lovely young pussy...." With that, she lifted my legs over her shoulders and leaned down to trace her tongue along my pussy lips, along my slit, through my panties. All of a sudden, she ripped my panties right off of me, and buried her face in my pussy, sucking my hard clit into her mouth. I cried out, almost screaming, as I felt her mouth on my clit and two of her fingers pumping into my hole. She then pushed my legs apart...wide apart...and plunged her tongue deep into my pussy, pressing my clit with one finger, while her other hand went to my breast, squeezing it hard, pinching my nipple and pulling at it. Her tongue pumped in and out of my pussy, and I could feel an orgasm begin to build within me. My hips began to pump harder, my hands grasped at whatever I could find, my legs wrapped around her. My orgasm began to erupt, my pussy throbbing and contracting, and I screamed out, pulling her hair, screaming for her to fuck me. I came....juices pumping out of my spasming pussy, coating her face.

She looked up at me and smiled, my juices dripping down her face, onto her chest. She began kissing me, climbing up on top of me, rubbing her covered pussy against me. I brought her up to me, licking her breasts, sucking her nipples lightly, letting my hands wander over her amazing butt. "Oh God....Alana...mmmmm....baby...suck me....harder.....please..." I began to bite at her nipples, gripping her ass hard, running my fingers around her anus and along her soaked slit. Suddenly, she got off of me and pulled me to the ground. She crawled on top of me, straddling me, rubbing her pussy against my own. My hands went up to her breasts and began to abuse them, kneading them roughly, pinching and pulling at them nipples as she rocked her hips, grinding her pussy against me. I let my hand wander down to her pussy, rubbing her mound lightly, and then pulling the material of the underwear tight, letting it bunch in between her pussy lips. She growled, looking at me with lust in her eyes, and she reached down and ripped her own panties off.

I groaned her name as I felt her naked pussy begin to grind against my own, her wetness mixing with mine. She looked me in the eyes as she began to inch her way up my body, pausing to rub her wet pussy against my breasts, and then continuing until she sat on my face. Bracing herself against the wall of the dressing room, she began to buck her hips wildly. I had to reach up and grab her hips and slow her down so I could plunge my tongue in her pussy, fucking her with my tongue. She growled and began to buck her hips again as I let my hands run over her butt. Just as I felt she was about to orgasm, I slid a finger into her anus and plunged my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy.

She let her head fall back, screaming, as the orgasm ripped through her body. I could feel her pussy clench my tongue, pulling it in even deeper, as her body shook above me. Finally, she collapsed, falling off of me onto the floor. She looked over at me and smiled. "Honey, that was the most amazing orgasm I've ever experienced. Your young body has me so satisfied.... mmmmmm." She closed her eyes, running her hands up and down her body, still coming down from her intense orgasm. I felt my own body begin to tingle again, just seeing her naked form before me, still tasting her juices on my lips. I didn't even know what to say to this amazing woman who had made my body scream with pleasure, but I didn't have to say a thing. "I want to pay for the lingerie we've....soiled....and for the other lingerie we're going to take home with us to soil. Get up, Alana, you're coming home with me."

I scurried to get my clothes on, and then we settled the bill. I protested when Celeste gave me a $500 bill, but she insisted, stuffing it into my bra as she slid her tongue along my lips. She led me out of the mall and to our cars, where I followed her home...