 I eagerly followed Celeste home, making sure this amazing woman didn't get away from me. I spent the entire drive to her house thinking of our hot encounter, and I found it very difficult to concentrate on the road, to say the least. I felt myself soaking my panties again, just remembering the way she had worked her tongue over my body.

Finally, she turned her car into a long drive, leading up to one of the most amazing houses I've ever set my eyes on. The wealth she exhibited in the store was shown on an even grander scale with her house. Three stories and stretching out over a fairly impressive amount of land, the house was very contemporary in its decor, both outside as well as in. I was completely mesmerized as I got out of my car and started walking toward the front door. However, once inside, I quickly forgot my awe and began to return to the feelings of lust and desire I had been trying to control on my drive over.

Celeste's hands were all over me as soon as I reached the front steps, and by the time we reached the front hall, she already had my shirt ripped open and my skirt pushed up over my hips so she could have easier access to my drenched and excited pussy. My hands were busy clawing at her breasts, and my mouth was working on hers, my tongue sliding in her mouth, fucking her mouth like I wanted to fuck her pussy.

Suddenly, Celeste ceased in her frenzied groping, and she stepped back to look at me, with a sly smile on her face. "Alana darling....I suppose we have all night...do you have to work tomorrow?" I shook my head no, and her smile broadened. "Oh darling...I have such plans for you. Do you trust me?" Again, I could only shake my head, and this time I shook my head yes. "Well, then you are in for quite an amazing weekend....come with me." Celeste explained that she and her husband kept different bedrooms as she led me up the stairs to her bedroom, which seemed large enough to accommodate several people instead of just one.

As I stepped in her lavish room, I felt Celeste's hands on my shoulders, gently massaging them. "I want you to strip for me, my love." I waited until she walked over and settled herself on the bed before I began to slowly peel my clothes off...the shirt which she had nearly ripped from my body slid down my shoulders...my bra peeled from my large, firm breasts....my skirt and panties pushed down so I could step out of them. The entire time, Celeste was running her hands over her body, staring intently as I exposed more and more of my young, firm body to her.

As I stepped out of my panties and skirt, Celeste slid toward me and pulled me down on the bed with her. She began to massage my shoulders, rubbing them softly. Then, her hands began to move down my front, massaging the tops of my breasts...then further down, squeezing my breasts, pinching my nipples. As she did this, she began to kiss, nibble, and suck on my neck and my earlobes. Groaning, I began to twist in her arms, searching for her mouth with mine, moaning her name. Celeste eluded my kiss, teasing me with her caresses, her hands moving down my stomach to my mound, where she began to trace my wet slit with her fingers.

Feeling my body tense, my skin prickle with pleasure, my nipples harden, I moaned louder, begging her to make love to me. "Please Celeste...please...do whatever you want to me...I can't stand this any longer! I want you...please....fuck me!" My words lost all eloquence...all I could do was express my most basic needs. I needed her to fill me....to lick and suck every last inch of my body, and even then, I wasn't sure she could fulfill my need for her.

Celeste responded to my words, pushing me back on the bed and straddling me. She began to kiss me passionately, her hands moving over my body in a frenzy. Her lips moved down my body, and as she took my hard nipple in her mouth, I felt her begin to grind herself against my thigh, her warm juices spreading over my skin. She sucked my nipples hard and long, pressing her tongue against them, and then teasing them by running her tongue around them. All the while, I felt her juices flow against me and over me, dripping down my thighs.

I felt her begin to tense, knowing an orgasm was imminent, but then, Celeste rolled off me. Surprised and disappointed, I cried out for her, begging her to cum on me, to drown me her in her juices. She simply smiled and walked over to her dresser, opening a drawer. I saw her rummage around a bit, and then she smiled and showed me what she had been searching for: a long, thick vibrator. I groaned, knowing Celeste would find endless ways to pleasure me with this toy, and knowing I would be able to do the same to her.

Celeste approached me, still with a completely sensuous smile on her face, and settled herself between my legs. She spread my legs wide, taking in my young, moist pussy, and I saw her lick her lips and then bite them, trying to restrain herself. She pressed the vibrator against my aching clit and turned the toy on. Immediately, I jumped and cried out, the vibration on my sensitive clit sending a mixture of exquisite pain and intense pleasure throughout my body. While my body was still adjusting to these sensations, Celeste filled my pussy with two fingers and began to pump them in and out. My hips began to pump right along with her efforts.

All I could do during Celeste's assault on my pussy was groan and thrash, my hands flailing about. I grabbed at the covers on the bed, and then I grabbed at Celeste and then whimpered when I found her just out of my reach. I began to pinch and pull at my nipples as I thrust my hips, and then I reached down to massage the insides of my thighs, trying to open up my pussy for Celeste even more.

This continued for some time, Celeste bringing me close to orgasm several times, only to switch the vibrator off and to remove her fingers from my aching pussy. Of course, this elicited a moan of agony from me, which Celeste quickly quieted with her kisses. Finally, Celeste had me position myself on my hands and knees, and I felt her settle behind me. She began to rub the tip of the vibrator around my asshole, making me moan from the pleasure. Then, the vibrator was replaced with her tongue, and she gently invaded my rear with her moist tongue. Just as I was becoming consumed with this pleasure, Celeste removed her tongue, and I felt the vibrator being thrust into my pussy. I cried out, groaning her name, loving being filled with the throbbing toy. Her fingers quickly found my clit and pressed hard, sending me into ecstacy. My orgasm came quick, my body tensing, my head flying up. I screamed her name as I came over and over and over, and finally, I collapsed on the bed, exhausted from Celeste's assault on my body.

Celeste rolled me over and began to gently caress me, rubbing my thighs, my breasts, and my arms. She kissed me lovingly, nuzzling my neck. Then, whispering in my ear, she said, "I know you are spent, my love, but I must relieve my own lust." She climbed on top of me, and began to rub her pussy against my own, making moan. My hands immediately went to her breasts, squeezing them and massaging them. She slid a hand back and began to massage my clit, which was still sore. I groaned, but the pain soon turned to pleasure.

She then began to move up my body, dripping her juices over me, until she reached my breasts. She began to rock her hips, using my large breasts to pleasure herself with. I watched her beautiful pussy intently as it rubbed against me, and I felt myself begin to lose control. My hands began to squeeze her breasts more roughly, and I reached around and began to knead her buttocks, slapping them every once in a while. This abuse of her breasts and buttocks made Celeste moan even louder, and she began to thrust her hips even harder.

Finally, I could not take it any more, and I pushed her off me and onto her back. I spread her legs wide and began to lap at her pussy, running my tongue from her asshole to her clit, over and over. I massaged the insides of her thighs as I began to suck her clit into my mouth. I heard Celeste suck in air sharply, and her lips lifted off the bed. I stopped for a moment to calm her down, and then I slid my tongue into her pussy and began to pump my tongue in and out while my fingers rubbed her clit furiously. Celeste began to groan and pant more loudly, her hips began to thrust more violently, and suddenly, she screamed my name and grabbed my hair as I felt her massive orgasm begin to take over her body. Her pussy clenched my tongue, and I felt this sudden burst of juices, as she squirted all over my face and chest. I drank in as much of her juices as I could, but I was still coated in it. Finally, Celeste released me and collapsed on the bed.

I reached up and began to kiss her. When she tasted her juices on me, she rolled me over and began to lick and suck every bit of juice from my mouth, cheeks, and breasts. Finally, when she was done, she snuggled up to me, and we fell into a deep sleep. Intertwined with one another, we rested our bodies for the intense workout we would receive the next day.