 NIKKI'S FIRST COLLEGE PUSSY

Nikki and Jason rented a one bedroom apartment close to campus. He and Nikki had definite careers in mind. They felt technology should be used to monitor the environment. Nikki joined the five member cheerleading squad. She loved seeing the young taught members of the squad in their cheerleading outfits modeled after the Dallas Cowboy dancers. She intended to seduce them all including the bisexual coach. 



She made it a point to befriend the other girls, listening to their problems, counseling when needed. She openly admitted her sexual orientation and admired all the girls for their immediate acceptance. At this early point in her college career her circle of friends was girls only. She knew that situation would change soon enough. She made a conscious effort to stay true to her nature, down to earth, happy with herself and nice to be around.

Sheri is the only straight on the team. The 5'10"beauty has nice plumb 35" breasts, a tight 36" ass, and a 23" waist. With beautiful long legs and red hair, she has the body of a Sports Illustrated swim suit model. Nikki knew she is a true redhead after seeing her in the showers. A Junior, Sheri starved for love since her boy friend moved back home to Texas to care for his ailing mother. She became very horny, a fact she jokingly let everyone know all the time. She and Nikki became very close Nikki knew that her horny joking belied a very real problem and tried to comfort her when she had one her frequent blue days. Eventually they confided to each other about their love lives. 

"You and Jason seem the perfect couple" she said one day. "I wish I could find a man like him." "Maybe you can" Nikki replied. "What do you mean?" Sheri asked.

"I am going to tell you little secret." she told her. "But you have to promise not to tell anyone yet." 

OK." she promised.

Nikki told her Jason was a fantastic caring lover. "He has the most unbelievable tongue you can imagine. It is extremely long. He can deep throat me when we kiss. When he eats me he finds my G spot with no problem. His cock is equally amazing; 10" long and as thick as my wrist. 

As Sheri listened she became very aroused. 

"I have often fanaticized about big cocks when I masturbate. I even dream about eating pussy and licking out hot assholes. My orgasms are intense, often better than I ever had with my boy friend." she revealed. "You have the best of both worlds Nikki. All of the cheerleaders are hot for you." 

"That is nice to know. Right now I am creaming my pussy thinking about making love to you."

Suddenly all Sheri's lesbian fantasies become realities. She put her hands on each side of Nikki's face and kissed her full on the lips. The first kiss was womanly gentle. When Nikki did not object the kisses became more and more intense. 

"Let's take this to my place." Nikki begged.

"Oh yes." Sheri agreed.

Once inside the frenzy began. They hugged each other tight and tongue kissed. Nikki fondled Sheri's huge beautiful full tits. Sheri reacted in kind rubbing Nikki's tits and tweaking her nipples between her thumb and forefinger. Nikki responded and cupped her ass with both hands. Sheri did the same. 

New to lesbian love she toke her lead from Nikki, who caressed Sheri's right breast with her left hand and slid her right into her thong panties. Sheri's right hand returned the favor. Nikki brought her right hand to Sheri's lips. She eagerly sucked her fingers clean savoring her first taste of pussy ---her own. Nikki tasted her juices on Sheri's hand.

Sheri slid her hand back into Nikki's thong. Her pussy juices gushed into Sheri's palm. She quickly removed her hand eager for a taste. She loved it. Nikki tasted Sheri's juice and found it very sweet.

They dropped to the floor in a side by side 69 and removed their halter tops. Shorts and thongs quickly followed. They went to at each other in intense pussy eating. Sheri was overcome with lust. "I wish I had not waited so long for lesbian love," she moaned. She was determined to give Nikki all the joys two women can give each other. She moved way too fast. Nikki cautioned her to slow down. "We have all afternoon my love. " Nikki cautioned. Sheri tongued deep into Nikki's pussy bringing her a mild orgasm. 

"I've never done this before Nikki. Hope I am doing OK." 

"You are doing great Sheri. Just keep doing what comes natural." They gripped asses and lapped pussy. Juices coved their faces. Moans and groans were muffled as lips remained locked on their pussies. Nikki came, gushing copious amounts of juices into Sheri's mouth. Nikki's determination to give Sheri an orgasm to remember fired her soul. She found Sheri's clit and started gently sucking it like a small cock. Sheri's screamed reaching a crescendo of a tremendous orgasm. 

After Sheri calmed down Nikki opened her outer lips, slid two fingers into her vaginal opening and found her G spot. She gently rubbed the tiny nub building her ejaculate juices to the maximum. Sheri's started shaking, screaming and bucking wildly. Her juices spurted for the first time in her life. She thought she was pissing. Nikki moved to Sheri and gently kissed her. Sheri apologized for pissing. Nikki laughed and told her it was not piss. "It is a Para urethral juice that builds up from stimulating your G spot. Sometimes it will mix with a little urine. I love the taste. Some day you will taste mine."

Sheri told Nikki their sex was the most pleasurable experience of her life. She loved Nikki and her bisexual live style. She asks if she could fuck Jason. Nikki told her to come back at 8:00 PM.

When Jason came home, Nikki proudly announced that she had seduced her first fellow cheerleader, Sheri. She told him all that they had done and how pleasurable it was to give a woman her first lesbian experience. "She is coming over tonight. She wants you to eat her out and fuck her. She does not know what she is getting into. But if she is the talker I think she is, word of us will spread and bring us a lot more women for both of us to enjoy." 

Jason was turned on by Nikki's story. His cock strained at his shorts. Nikki noticed. She removed Jason's belt and unzipped his shorts and pulled down his briefs. Kneeling in front of her lover she softly stroked his cock and caressed his balls. She then licked his ball sack and asshole. Jason twitched when Nikki's experienced tongue entered his brown ring. 

Jason's cock reached its maximum glory. Nikki opened her mouth wide and sucked the monster cock up and down. She was able to get 7 inches of his cock and looked forward to the day she cold deep throat the monster. She sucked up and down, caressed his balls and shoved a finger up his ass. She caressed his prostrate which caused Jason to moan with pleasure. Nikki brought him to the brink and than stopped, a teasing technique they both enjoyed. Nikki glanced at the clock. It was a quarter to 8:00. She sucked faster and harder. Jason blasted several ropes into Nikki's mouth. She swallowed most and saved some to share with Jason. They finished swapping his cum and Nikki told him get cleaned up for their visitor. 



Sheri arrived promptly at 8:00 PM. She wore a sexy halter top that barley covered her tits, no bra or panties and skin tight hot pants that proudly showed off her camel toe. She had the classic come fuck me look.

"Jason is getting cleaned up" Nikki gasped as she seduced Sheri with her eyes. She wore a short skirt, a thong, a sports bra and a loose fitting T. Her panties were already damp.

"Please remove my clothing." Nikki asked her. Sheri lifted her blouse and skillfully removed her bra taking time to fondle and kiss her breasts. She got on her knees to remove the skirt and inhaled the sweet pungent aroma of Nikki's shaved pussy. Overcome with lust she dived to her thong covered pussy tongue first. She pushed her hot friend into a chair, spread her legs and ate Nikki with complete abandon. She removed the soaked thong, put in her mouth and sucked down all the juices. "What a great use of my panties," Nikki thought.

Sheri sensed a presence behind her and felt a large, long slippery, soft object invade her pussy. "That's quite a lance you have Jason." Sheri remarked remembering what Nikki had told her.

"Lance? I like it." Nikki gushed. "Think we will keep it stud." Jason smiled and continued eating Sheri's pussy with the same intensity as Sheri was eating Nikki. Both the girl's reached mild orgasms quickly. "Let's take this to the bedroom. " Nikki suggested. 

They placed Jason flat on the bed. Sheri sat on his face while Nikki lowered her pussy onto his monster cock. Sheri was shrieking loudly as Jason gave her the full measure of his lance. She ground her pussy into Jason's face as hard as she could. His tongue circled her inner walls arousing her G spot which quickly build up her fluids again. She reached orgasm and spurted copious amount of liquid in to Jason's mouth, his face and chest. 

Nikki saw Sheri spurt and began to ride Jason' cock with new found intensity. She howled like a banshee coming and spurting her own ejaculate all over Jason and Sheri. The two girls embraced, kissing and licking each other, tasting their juices.

Jason erupted into Nikki's pussy filling her to over flowing. Sheri licked the combination of cum and juices off his cock. Jason went to his knees in front of Nikki and began to clean out her pussy. He then kissed Sheri gently swapping his cum back in forth. . 

Nikki ate Sheri's pussy bringing her another orgasm. Nikki lowered her eyes and stared at her lovely ass. She first ran her tongue several times from her belly button over her pussy over her ass and lower back. She began to circle her ass cheek with soft kisses getting closer to her brown ring. She spread her cheeks and started French kissing her asshole. Her sphincter muscle slowly gave way allowing Nikki's tongue greater access.

She satisfied her anal lust she fell on her back exhausted. Sheri lowered her ass on to Jason's face eagerly anticipating his incredible Lance burring deep into her bowels. Her ass hole was incredible tight. It took several minutes and a lot of saliva but Jason finally had his lance buried to the hilt. Sheri felt completely full and began to slowly fuck Jason's tongue. 

Nikki slowly recovered and sucked Jason's cock. She looked at Sheri and an unspoken understanding. Nikki maneuvered herself so her ass was in Sheri's face. Jason tongue fucked Sheri's ass while Sheri was eating Nikki's ass while Nikki was sucking Jason's cock. 

"I want that cock in my cunt!" Sheri demanded. "Stay with us tonight and I will fuck you all you want in the morning." an exhausted Jason promised. "It is the best wake up call you can possibly imagine." They drifted off to a sound sleep. 

At 8:00 AM the lovers awoke and kissed each other good morning. Nikki headed to the shower. Jason and Sheri had late classes leaving plenty of time for the fuck Jason promised. He first licked her pussy deep. Sheri came twice. 

"Fuck me you hot stud, "she demanded. "Fuck me long and hard! " "Ohhhhhh! I have never been so full. Your cock is amazing. I am going to cum again. Ohhhhhhh! Sweet love! Keep fucking me hard and deep! Fill me with your delicious cum!" She was screaming and thrashing all over the bed. 

She had fucked and sucked a lot of cocks but never one like this. She grabbed Jason's around the waist and stuck two fingers up his ass. Jason couldn't last any longer and flooded her pussy with several shots of his cream. She opened her mouth wide and Jason blasted more of his cream into her mouth. She thankfully kissed Jason as Nikki came out of her shower. 

As she was leaving Sheri hugged and kissed Nikki and Jason thanking them for the best time of her life and announcing that she was now a complete bisexual, and that she was going after her roommates and fellow cheerleader Laura the petite darling of the squad.