 Chapter 3

Laura and Dawn 

Laura, a very kinky 90 lb dynamo is 5 ft tall, with amazing agility and flexibility. By any standard she is incredible. Her breasts are 34". Her waist is 19" and her ass 33". She shows off by placing her feet behind her head while one of her girlfriends eats her pussy or ass. She is a confirmed lesbian and like her roommate Sheri a junior. The cheerleaders call her Pixie. Her awesome acrobatics are a crowd favorite at every game. When the five women do a pyramid, Dawn is the crown. 

Off the field, she is very friendly, caring and personable. She has a number of lesbian lovers but is looking for a permanent partner. Her roommate Sheri who recently discovered the joys of lesbian sex will change Laura's life.

All the cheerleaders, except Nikki and Coach Gwen have enjoyed sex with Laura. She does anything to satisfy her partner, including yellow and brown play. She is the school's must perfect lesbian slut. 

Nikki craves sex with Laura and is waiting for the right moment to seduce the little slut. Nikki did not know Laura was having an intense affair with her history professor Dawn Washington. 

Dawn, 35 is an avowed lesbian who especially likes younger women. She is the daughter of a wealthy family in South Africa. She is 100% African and has beautiful deep dark skin. She uses very expensive moisturizing cream. The velvet smoothness is very pleasant on the eyes. Her exotic beauty turns both male and female heads. She has large 37" breasts, aided in shape and size with silicone implants. Her penetrating dark eyes and beautiful short afro hair cut highlight her beautiful face. She is 5-7" and about 115 lbs. Her plump 36"ass is usually proudly encased in tight hip hugger slacks that hang just below her 23" waist and reveal her upper ass cheeks to when she bends over. Her pussy is cleaned shaven. 

Laura loved Dawn's exotic perfume and asked where she could buy some. "It's is exhilarating and suits you so well." 

"You can't buy it dear. I have it custom made to remind me of the beautiful orchids of my African homeland."

"Can I try some?"

Dawn has lusted for Laura since her partner Gwen raved about her. She invited Laura to her home for the evening with the pretence of trying her perfume. Laura's acceptance had nothing to do with perfume. She knew Dawn was as an avowed lesbian and hurried home to get ready for her date.

Sheri was home and seemed to be glowing. Having no idea that Sheri had turned bi, Laura was coy while getting dressed for her date with Dawn 'You are looking great." Laura told her. "Did you find another boy friend?" 

"Something like that." Sheri said. 

Laura continued to get dressed. The two often dressed together and saw each other nude. Until last night it had never been a big deal for Sheri. Laura on the other hand looked forward to seeing her sexy roommate in the nude.

She sprayed on a lilac scented perfume she hoped Dawn would like. As she slid her panties over her shaved pussy she noticed Sheri looking at her intently. The same look followed her when she fastened her sexy bra, her very short skirt and see thru blouse. "You must have a real hot date tonight? Sheri guessed. 

"Something like that." Laura coyly replied. 

"I want to hear all about it when you get home."

"Maybe, if it works out like I hope."

After putting on high hells and grabbing her purse Laura was off.

Sheri would have Laura or die trying. Little did she know it would be very easy and bring her into a world she could hardly imagine? 

Laura arrived at Dawn's home promptly at 7:30. Dawn too had dressed for the occasion. A see thru shear blouse, no bra, hot pants with no panties exaggerating her camel toe. When Laura entered the living room the two women remained speechless exhilarating in the intoxicating view of each other.

"You look magnificent. Love your lilac perfume, "Dawn gushed.

Laura, still stunned gulped out: "You too Professor." 

"Please call me Dawn. We are friends and will become lover tonight."

Hugs followed with pecks on the cheek. 

"Let me show you around." Dawn asked.

Her spacious home has four bedrooms, each with a bath and shower. They are designed for sex, have large king size beds, ceiling mirrors, many candle holders and a small cabinet for toys, ropes and hand cuffs. Dawn is indeed a very kinky woman. She enjoyed both dominant and submissive roles.

For dinner, they had a wonderful Caesar salad and an imported French wine. They cleared the table and adjourned to the living room resting comfortably on an over stuffed love seat. Dawn told Laura was over dressed and proceeded to lift her blouse and remove her bra. Reaching under her skirt, she removed Laura's soaked thong. Her clean shaven pussy brought a smile to Dawn's face. "Take a whiff" Laura ordered. "I've been wet all day thinking about you. I hope you enjoy my womanly scent." 

"Like it! I love it! I want to taste you. 

Dawn spread Laura's legs, removed her high heals and caressed her legs. She sucked on every toe like a cock, sending little shock waves up Laura's legs causing her pussy to water even more. The sweet aroma from Laura's pussy excited Dawn. Teasing the little nymph, Dawn gently kissed and licked the insides of Laura's thighs up and down, closer to her pussy each time. She finally placed her open mouth around Laura's shaved cunt. 

Laura, greatly aroused by Dawn erupted in a juicy orgasm filling Dawn's mouth with her fragrant juices. Dawn was far from finished. She stood up and kissed Laura passionately letting her taste her own juices. She pushed one, two then three fingers into Laura's pussy. Laura tossed and turned in sexual bliss. Only her flexibility allowed her to remain in contact with Dawn's mouth. 

Sensing she was ready Dawn closed her thumb inward creating a fist plunged in wrist deep. Dawn twist it around and around. Laura was thrashing on the chair like a rag doll crying "MORE!! MORE!" Dawn stroked in and out of her sloppy pussy harder and faster until Laura erupted with a gusher of liquid that soaked Dawn from head to two. She had never seen anyone squint so much and she got even more turned on. "I want your face now slut." Dawn ordered. 

Laura loved dirty talk and gave back equally. "On your back you black whore"

Laura placed her face directly over Dawn's pussy.

"Eat it now you dirty cunt licker!"

Laura ate Dawn with a fervor she had not felt toward any woman in her life. Her hard tongue sawed in and out of her sloppy pussy faster and faster. Dawn's first of many orgasms this night flooded Laura's face, 

"Now set your ass on the chair slut." Laura ordered, 

Laura's filthy mouth aroused Dawn to a new high and she eagerly sat and spread her legs as far as possible.

Laura searched one of the bedrooms for some toys. She found a 12" strap on dildo with a nub that rubbed her pussy. Dawn strapped it the little pixie, smiled and took Laura's hand guiding her to her bedroom. 

She lit several candles incense that smelled like roses. Dawn mounted the bed on her hands and knees with her ass and pussy easily accusable to Laura and her huge dildo. Laura took one look ad Dawn's beautiful shaved dark ass hole, took off the dildo saving it for later and dived into her dark ring with a lust she had not felt in a long time. She opened her mouth and kissed Dawn's anal ring and forced her tongue in as far as possible and starting tongue fucking her faster and faster. Dawn cried "Oh yes you cunt whore, fuck me. Harder you bitch! Now suck my ass harder bitch! Do it now!" Laura loved the tangy pungent aroma flowing from Dawn's ass. Her tongue tasted of Dawn's brown cream. 

"Tongue my pussy now bitch." She kissed Dawn's outer lips and rammed her dirty tongue up her pussy as far as she could. As she tongue fucked Dawn's quivering pussy, she searched for her clit and found it with no problem. It looked like a 1" cock. She sucked it and tongued the head. Dawn's juices soaked Laura's face continuously. Laura sensed Dawn was about to cum and fastened her open mouth on to her pussy. Dawn howled and let loose a geyser squirting time and time again. 

As Laura consumed her juices, she grew very concerned when Dawn did not move for what seemed like several minute but in reality was less than 30 seconds. When she awoke Laura was setting near her with a very concerned loving look in her eyes.

"Don't worry my precious pixie. I often pass when the sex is this good." Laura gently caressed Dawns face and hair. "You are so beautiful Dawn. I love you so much and want to be at your beck and call whenever you want me. If you want me during the day we can hide in the library attic. Nobody ever goes up there. Please. I'll be your little sex toy."

Dawn gazed at the pixy angel and agreed. "But first I need real god fuck."

"Do you want in your ass or pussy?"

"Do my ass first."

Dawn moved to her hands and knees. Laura lubricated the cock, and ate her ass for a good half hour enjoying the contrast of her white face against the black ass. She slowly shoved the monster into Dawn's glorious ass. She was mildly surprised when she met little resistant. It obviously had been there before. She slowly started to fuck Dawn's ass enjoying the feel of power and the sensation of the nub against her clit. "Faster" Dawn begged. Laura started pounding Dawn's ass for all she was worth. Laura came first followed shortly by Dawn. Laura pulled out and was surprised when Dawn grabbed the dildo and starting sucking. The filthy dike savored the combination off lube and ass cream as much as Laura. She joined Dawn in cleaning the filthy dildo.

"Now fuck my pussy you slut!" Dawn demanded rolling on to her back.

There was no need for lube. Dawn's pussy was leaking a continuous stream of juices covering her as and soaking the bed. 

Laura slammed the dildo into Dawn's pussy as hard as she could. Dawn fell into a dreamy state of mind as Laura sawed the monster in and out of he pussy. She strummed Dawn's huge clit. Dawn began thrashing about the bed making it very difficult for the diminutive pixie to hang on. She removed the dildo and launched her face into Dawn's pussy hanging on to her ass for dear life. She tweaked her clit. Dawn's dam burst and her orgasm roared peeked and calmed the peeked again in blissful repetition. 

Laura asked Dawn to treat her like a whore. Laura turned to a dominatrix and rammed the 12" dido up her ass. Laura screamed in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Her ass had never been stretched so much. She felt pleasantly stuffed Dawn started slowly and gradually increased the pace to maximum speed. Laura turned over and grabbed Dawn by her head holding on as the cock slammed her ass. She kissed Dawn, fondled her tits until she had an earth shattering orgasm. 

Dawn took Laura in her arms, lifted her and impaled the dildo deep into her pussy Dawn was thrilled to hold the pixie by her ass as she jumped up and down on the fuck stick. A half hour passed then a full hour and still Laura road the dildo. She was insatiable. Dawn had never seen anything like it. She finally tired, lifted Laura off the dildo placed her back on the bed and proceed to give Laura the best pussy eating of young life. 

Dawn engaged in lesbian her entire adult life. In college her roommates includes a nursing student and a server at a lesbian night club. She had sex with two transsexual sisters and a bi-sexual escort. She lost count of the number o young women and co-workers she enjoyed in her current job. In her 17 years as a confirmed lesbian she developed considerable skills which her young lovers carried the rest of their lives. She was indeed the lesbian's lesbian. She used every technique she knew on a seemingly endless supply of fresh young pussies eager to experience interracial lesbian love. 

All her knowledge and technique focused solely on sending Laura to heights of pleasure she could never imagine. 

She sat over her face so Laura could gaze at her black pussy dripping sweet juices. She licked. She fisted. She tweaked. She kissed. She tongued her pussy and her ass. She ate, fisted and finger fucked her ass hole. She fucked her with one fist in her pussy and another in her ass. She tweaked her clit while fisting her. She used a butt plug and vibrating beads. She double fucked her with a two headed dildo. She used a vibrator in her ass and pussy. She slopped her thong in her juices and fed it to her. Laura loved every minute and begged for more. 

She collected and fed Laura constantly with her own juices. She gave her a golden shower. Laura had always loved the feel and taste hot pee. 

It finally ended with the longest most intense orgasm of her young life. She came. She spurted and was completely drained. She was limp, Exhausted, she was completely satisfied more than ever.

The two rested in each others arms. The sun was shining through the bedroom window. Dawn kissed Laura and invited her to share her shower. The two washed each other, shampooed their hair and gave each a pussy hair trim. Laura paused on her way out the door to kiss Dawn deeply and passionately. "See you in the Library dear Dawn."