 LAURA AND SHERI---FINALLY PARTNERS 

Laura retuned to her room at 8 AM, and found a note from Sheri inviting her to visit Nikki and Jason at 3:00 this afternoon. "I guarantee you a fun time," she promised.

Laura harbored a deep lust for Nikki since they met at cheerleader orientation. "I will finally get the opportunity to devour her luscious breasts and eat her sweet juicy pussy," she schemed. After napping until 2:00, she prepared and dressed in a way that made her intentions very clear. 

She showered, shampooed, douched, and gave herself a warm enema. She felt fresh, renewed, rested and ready for anything. She chooses clothing designed to entice Nikki into wanton sex. She dispensed with her bra and panties. She tugged on a shear mesh halter-top. Her breasts showed and her hard nipples protruded through open areas. She slipped a knee length red skirt split on each side. She pulled on sexy spiked heeled lace up black boots. She brushed on blue eye shadow and rosy red lipstick. She almost creamed when she looked at herself in the mirror. Nothing she owned said, "Fuck me!" more.

She walked the few blocks to Nikki and Jason's house drawing admiring glances from men and women. She saw true lovers Candy and Cindy in a local café. They both winked knowingly at Laura who waved and went about her way.

She knocked on the door and Nikki welcomed her in. She dressed in a string bikini. Nikki gave Laura a quick peck on the cheek and stepped back. The mutual lust was obvious. "Come in. Sorry it is so warm. The A/C is out of order. If you get too warm, you can have your choice from my bikini collection." 

"Looking at you. I am getting a little warm already," Laura replied, regretting she had been so forward. Nikki just smiled and told her "You make me hot too. You are dressed to kill and we are all game."

Sheri entered the room dressed only in shorts. Her magnificent breasts and hard nipples loomed in Laura's penetrating eyes. "

She kissed Laura passionately. "I love you so much," she moaned.

Laura replied sincerely "Gee, Sheri if I had known. . ."

Sheri stopped her in mid sentence. "Please sweetheart, you have always turned me on but I never gave you an opening. I was afraid to live out my female sex fantasies, until Nikki showed me the light."

She and Nikki spoke at great length about the conversation that led to her dual session with Nikki, their 3 way with Jason and the Sheri's fuck with Jason. 

"It was the greatest sexual experience of my live. Nikki knows her way around a woman's body. Jason is like no other man I have ever fucked. He is gentle, gives great attention to your needs, has incredible stamina and the tools to completely satisfy even the most demanding woman. He is the main reason I still struggle to decide if I am bi or gay. All doubts are cast away for now sweet Laura. I would love us to have sex. You are so adorable." 

"I agree Pixie," Nikki added "You are a so cute. I wish I had your energy. Please tell us about last night."

Laura revealed she spent the night with Professor Dawn Washington. Sheri and Nikki were shocked. "She's gay!" Nikki and Sheri blurted. 

"Oh yes, and is she ever kinky. In addition, she loves young girls. She and Coach Gwen are lovers. They have a very open and trusting relationship. Although they have sex with others their relationship is unbreakable.

Laura told every detail about her encounter with the beautiful African goddess. The more she told the more aroused Nikki and Sheri became. There pussies became soaked and their womanly aroma permeated the warm air. All three were perspiring profusely. . 

After Laura ended her story, Nikki made the first move. She held Laura in her arms and kissed her tenderly at first then with more passion as they became greatly aroused. Laura removed Nikki's bikini top and softly caressed her incredible breasts. Nikki cupped Laura's ass and removed her sexy skirt. Sheri stood behind Laura and removed her halter-top. She then cupped the pixie's tits. Laura removed Nikki's bikini bottom. The naked women paused to admire each other. Their skin glistened from the combination of pussy juice and body sweat. 

They walked hand in hand to the bedroom. The king size bed has a plastic covered mattress and several layers with clean white sheets. The perfect love bed never needs a mattress change. Sheri lay on her back. Nikki sat on her face while Laura knelt between her legs. Sheri, familiar with Nikki's pussy knew exactly how to please her. Laura tasted Sheri for the first time. Her pussy is soft and perfectly shaped. Laura opened wide, circling Sheri's pussy and munching until she started creaming. Her taste is deliciously different from her past lovers. Laura closed her lips on Sheri's clit, opened her outer lips, and inserted one finger in her vaginal opening slowly fucking her. Sheri's inner flesh slowly expanded allowing two fingers, then three fingers. 

Sheri's moans grew louder. She was ecstatic beyond words making love to two women at the same time. Laura's finger fucking and Nikki's delicious pussy sent her spiraling into blissful passion burrowing deep in her soul. 

She screamed for Laura to give her more. Laura added her fourth finger and folded her thump inward. She pushed her fist into Sheri's pussy. She used Dawn's technique and began rapidly twisting her fist. Sheri's immense pleasure boost her G-spot activated fluids. Laura tweaked Sheri's clit. Sheri screamed into Nikki's sweet pussy, a sensation new for the California surfer girl. Sheri blasted spurt after spurt of ejaculate all over Laura who tried to drink as much as she could. 

The three messy women changed position with Nikki on the bed. Laura sat on her face and Sheri moved between her legs. They quickly reached a crescendo of mutual orgasms. 

Jason arrived home and detected the aroma and heard noises from the bedroom. He quickly undressed. Laura saw Jason remove his cloths exposing his hardening 10" cock. "Do I want to live only as a Lesbian forever? No way, I want that meat," she whispered to Sheri. "Wait until he kisses you." Nikki coyly told Laura, winking at Sheri.

"Hey Jason, meet Laura. She wants your cock." Nikki announced. Jason knelt on the bed with his legs straddling Nikki and handed his monster cock to Laura. She realized that Jason's big dick is perfect for her first blowjob. 

She began by licking around the circumcised head, then up and down the sides. She licked his balls and the sensitive skin between his sack and ass. She licked his armpits. "This is one talented tongue." Jason said to himself. The pixie opened her mouth surprisingly wide considering her size and engulfed Jason's cock. She took down 7 inches, one less than Nikki had, but enough to give Jason a jolt. She bobbed up and down, slowly at first then faster and faster. When he neared his climax, he warned Laura that he would shoot a large load. She nodded OK.

Sheri speeded things along. She stuck her finger up Jason's ass rubbing his prostrate. He went off like a Roman candle and launched rope after rope of cum into Laura's mouth. She loved the taste and texture. She started swallowing as fast as she could and managed three ropes. She backed off his cock and caught four more in her face, tits and belly. Laura was trilled to have Nikki and Sheri lick and feed her his cum, and shocked when Jason joined the fun. 

Laura was so aroused, she would do anything. She started by kissing Jason. As his lance entered her mouth, her eyes popped open wide. "Let me see that thing," she moaned. Jason performed his usual stunt by covering his nose. He kissed Laura again. Laura took his lance deep in her throat. His tongue reminded Laura of Dawn's jelly dong." 

Sheri and Laura asked to watch Jason fuck Nikki. Nikki placed Laura on her back to eat her sweet pussy. Jason stood and slowly entered Nikki's pussy. Sheri kissed and licked Jason's ass. After several minutes, Sheri startled Nikki's back and began kissing Jason. She loved his lance and sucked it like a cock.

Laura came first then kissed Nikki hard and deep savoring her own juices. Sheri replaced Laura. Nikki tongued her pussy and ass hole. Laura moved in front of Sheri and began to deep throat Jason's tongue. Laura was having the time of her life as Nikki alternated tonguing her pussy and ass hole. Nikki dual fucked Laura with one hand in her pussy and the other in her ass. Her thumb played with her clit. Laura spurted again launching stream after stream of savory ejaculate. She moved from under Nikki to watch Jason fuck her. 

Sheri said she had to pee and would be right back. "Don't go anywhere." Laura said as she clamped her open mouth to Sheri's pussy.

"Give it to me." Laura demanded. Sheri let go a steady stream of warm piss down Laura's throat.

The yellow play fired up Jason. He shot a huge load in Nikki's pussy. Sheri cleaned Jason's cock and Laura cleaned out Nikki's pussy. 

The four needed some rest and adjourned to the living room. Sheri cuddled with Laura. "Partners?" Laura asked Sheri. "Partiers." she replied kissing Laura deep.

"Perfect." Nikki and Jason said to each other.