 Chapter 5

LAURA AND GWEN MEET AFTER PRACTICE

The cheerleaders practiced Monday and Wednesday. On Friday, they ran thru routines for the Saturday's football season opener.

Monday's practice was particularly gurgling, The five member team worked overtime to perfect a new pyramid to replace the uninspiring two on top of two holding Laura overhead horizontally. The new routine called "Snow flake" had Sheri standing with her legs apart and Cindy and Candy horizontally spread eagled one hand gripping her angles in the other her extended arms then spreading their legs showing their tight hot pants. hopefully in a camel toe. Nikki stood upright on Sheri's shoulders. Laura ran and jumped off a trampoline normally used in women's gymnastics. She vaulted in the air landing with her legs spread on Nikki's shoulders. Nikki cupped her ass and pushed her upward. Laura ended the trick with a graceful one arm hand stand on Nikki's head with legs spread wide. During practice they placed foam padding to guard against injuries. During the game there would be no protection so they practiced until they had nailed it time after time. After seven hours they perfected it. Sweaty and giddy they hugged, gave high fives and headed for the showers. 

Gwen Johnson, the coach called Laura to her office. Laura needed a shower but honored her coach's request. 

Gwen is a strikingly beautiful, 5'8" very fit 36 year old blonde, with abundant breasts that remain tight and taut She still has a 23" waist and 36" ass. A muscled stomach supports her 40" tits. All the cheerleaders, most of the males and half the females on campus want to get in her pants. She fends off most male advances. She seduced gay female faculty members, the cheerleaders and their lovers. She is a bisexual leaning heavily toward women. 

"I'll bring all the girls together after they get dressed to talk about the new routine. But I need to talk to you in private for awhile." she began, "I want to ask you about your recent date with Dawn Washington."

Laura turned red and started to cry. "Oh God I thought it was OK with you. Am I off the squad?" she whimpered. 

Gwen gave her a big hug and told her "Of course not. You not are going anywhere." She sat beside Laura she placed her arm over her shoulders and continued talking to her.

"Dawn and I have been partners since I arrived here. Dawn helped me to get settled and adjusted to life on and around the school. We hit it off well and, to make a long story short, quickly became loving partners. As you know, we are not monogamous."

This was not news to Laura. Dawn told her of their arrangement with Laura during their night together. 

Laura's tears turned to smiles and their talk turned soothing and passionate. Each began to caress the other's hair, neck and shoulders. They looked lovingly at each other and met in a very passionate kiss battling their tongues for room. They perspired heavily in the confined office. Laura was ripe from the long practice. Her pussy reeked from the combination of sweat and juices flowing freely from her aroused pussy. Gwen loved Laura's pussy aroma and yearned to taste the stinky gash. Through the years she made it a practice to make love to the cheerleaders after practice. She loved eating unwashed pussy. She inhaled Laura's musky aroma anxious to see the rest of her tiny body.

Gwen removed Laura sweaty uniform, sports bra, soggy panties, socks and shoes leaving her stark naked. 

Gwen has never seen so much woman in such a small package. 

"Now undress me." she ordered.

Laura removed Gwen's shoes first, then her shorts. Her top and bra followed. She fell to her knees and licked Gwen's thong covered pussy. The cotton panty turned from damp to soaking wet. Gwen did not experience this very often and loved it. The smooth material pushing into her pussy felt wonderful. Gwen allowed the petite Laura to continue until she filled her panty with tasty cream. Laura carefully removed them and drank all of Gwen's juice. 

Gwen moved to her office chair grabbed Laura by her ass and forced her legs over her shoulders forcefully diving into Laura's smelly snatch. She curled her tongue and licked Laura's stinky slit up and down. She rapidly tongue fucked Laura and stuck one then two fingers up her ass fucking her rapidly. She used the thumb of her other hand to tweak Laura's clit. She was showered with a continuous stream of Laura's heavenly juices. She slurped down what she could and allowed the rest to spray her face, hair and breasts. 

They fell into a side by side 69. Laura kissed Gwen's puckered brown ring and lubricated her tight asshole. Gwen moaned and pushed back on Laura's tongue as she kissed Laura's pussy. Laura inserted two fingers up her ass. 

"Ooohhhh Uhhhhh. Fuck me you little slut" Gwen demanded as Laura fucked her hard and fast. She pulled out and quickly started fucking her coach with four fingers. Gwen bucked and thrashed and maintained control by grabbing Laura ass and stuffing two fingers hard in her pussy. She tongued her clit and worked into her vaginal opening, Laura responded by shoving her other hand into Gwen's pussy. The feeling of being double fucked ignited a fire in Gwen. She seldom felt so hot. She removed her fingers and plowed her face hard on Laura's pussy with an intensity she never felt before. Laura screamed and howled like a hurt animal. Gwen immediately stopped. .It was against her nature to hurt anyone. The though of bringing any harm to sweet Laura shook her to her soul. She removed Laura's hands and hugged her tightly. I am so sorry sweetheart. I did not mean to hurt you." Gwen apologized.

"I am not hurt Gwen. You just surprised me. No one has ever face fucked me before. It was so intense and I just reacted." Laura responded." I am sorry if I scared you. You are a fabulous lover. It is easy to see why Dawn loves you so much."

Gwen hugged her close. "I am very fortunate to have Dawn a part of my live. I love her dearly. I hope you as fortunate."

"I think I have found my sold mate. Sheri recently turned bi. I have loved her since the day we met. If we develop half the relationship you have with Dawn we will be very happy." Laura said hopefully. 

"I think the best way to begin a strong sexual relationship is to go slow at first. Concentrate on responding to each other's needs. Don't try to do everything at once. Add variety over time. Switch dominant and submissive roles. Some of our best sex is when Dawn and I take it slow and easy nether of us being dominant or submissive. 

Allow each other casual sex with other women. It requires trust and is not suitable for every couple. Ass you have found, it works for Dawn and me." 

Laura was touched by Gwen's sincerity and chidingly told her that she loved their arrangement. She sat on her coach's lap, hugging her. Gwen returned the hug and kissed Laura on her forehead, her cheeks and ears. Laura gently ran her hands thru Gwen's long blond hair.

The foreplay moved slowly. Gwen and Laura kissed tenderly. There mouths opened slightly and they licked the other's lips. Opening more they took turns licking each other's teeth and gums. They opened wide keeping their lips locked together and tongued each other as their heads rocked form side to side.

Gwen led Laura to the now empty locker room. She unrolled a gym mat and pulled Laura to her. The naked beauties kneeled in front of each other. The tiny young Laura captivated the older coach. She reached around Laura's waist pulling her against her body. Her huge 40" breasts seemed to engulf Laura's smaller breasts. Laura tugged at Gwen's ass cheeks rolled her chest in small circles enhancing the sensations from Gwen's enormous breasts.

Gwen moved slowly to her back and pulled Laura to her. Even though much lighter then Gwen, Laura's weight felt wonderful as her 35" breasts bore into Gwen's heaving chest. 

They turned on their sides and started the slow progression to a perfect 69. Gwen fondled Laura's breasts tweaking her hardening nipples. Laura fondled Gwen breasts one at time marveling at their size, warmth and firmness. She moved back in forth playing with her tits and nipples finally taking one into her mouth. She opened as much as possible and sucked softly as she licked the hard nipple. 

Gwen continued to caress Laura's left breast as she took the right far in to her mouth. She sucked firmly and rolled her talented tongue over and around her nipple.

The pair sucked and licked each other traveling a passionate route to the most erotic and sensitive area of the female body. It is given many terms such as nirvana, honey pot, muff, twat, snatch, treasure and the derogatory cunt. By any other name a pussy is the most erogenous area of the female anatomy. It requires tender treatment by a caring lover to achieve maximum pleasure. Laura and Gwen have perfected the techniques necessary to lead their lovers to spectacular ejaculation and incredible orgasms. Their skills are on display at this moment in time. Dawn moved down Laura's body kissing and licking a zigzag pattern across had firmly muscled belly. She paused only to lick her navel.

Laura lifted one leg allowing Gwen better access to her pussy. Gwen disappeared from Laura's site beneath her long hair. She licked along her slit to her asshole several times. She opened her outer lips and licked the entrance to her vaginal opening over and over again. She probed deeper searching for her G-spot. Gwen felt Laura shudder and moan as she lapped at the tiny nub. Laura's ejaculate juices were ready for release. Gwen rubbed Laura's clit. Laura grunted and spurted her tangy clear ejaculate in a long stream. Gwen drank thirstily consuming every drop.

Laura recovered quickly and opened her eyes to the lovely site of Gwen's glistening pussy. She pushed Gwen on her back and moved between her legs. She kissed in licked down her left leg. She kissed her feet and treated her toes to 10 tiny blow jobs. Gwen was crazy with lust. "Please Laura, don't make we wait any longer. My pussy needs you now."

Laura kissed up her right leg, spread both wide and wrapped her lips around Gwen's pussy. She probed past her outer lips into her virginal opening. She tongue fucked Gwen as her juices flowed freely into her mouth.

She moved to her clit and inserted three fingers into her twat. She finger fucked Gwen and softly rubbed her G-spot. She sucked Gwen's growing clit into her mouth and lathered it with her tongue.

Gwen, overcome with a throbbing ecstasy arched her back and spurted several powerful streams of ejaculate liquid. Laura drank swallowing what she could. Most of Gwen's tangy juice landed on Laura's face and breasts. She rubbed it all over her body and glued her mouth to Gwen's pussy to catch the last dribble sharing it with her lover. 

The exhausted pair collapsed in a loving embrace. 

Laura recovered quickly and invited Gwen to share s shower. 

"With pleasure my dear." Gwen agreed.

The washed and shampooed each other slowly. They toweled each other dry and retrieved their clothing from Gwen's office.

Gee, I forgot all about the cheerleader meeting," Gwen kidded. They talked about the other girls. Gwen admitted her lust for all. "You are my first this season Laura. I hope you do not mind if I seduce your lover Sheri. It would be nice to make love to Candy and Cindy in a threesome." She admitted, "Is Nikki gay? If so I need to schedule that sexy hotpot for a sweet visit."

Laura told her not to worry and that she had made love with Nikki and her boy friend. Gwen was pleased to learn about Jason's incredible lance and cock. She started to formulate a plan to seduce Nikki and Jason. With luck she might introduce her lover to her first cock. 

As Laura was leaving, Gwen's tossed her soaked panties. "Take this tasty souvenir lover."