 Chapter 6

Jason and His English Professor

Jason's English Literature professor, Sandy Burns, 32, talks with a very seductive British accent. Educated in London, she moved to CETI 10 year ago with her husband, the US sales rep for a British silver company. She has an hour glass figure, 38-23-36. She has green eyes and platinum blonde hair. A bisexual, she loves variety in sex She is an accomplished cock sucker and pussy lapper. 

Jason is captivated by her charm, accent and body. The professor is captivated by Jason. One day he asked if he could stay after class. Sandy was overjoyed to talk to the handsome stud one on one She hoped their conversation would lead to more intimate pursuits. Jason, of similar mind told her how much he enjoyed the lively discussions and debates in her class and that he is captivated by her charm and English accent. "How very nice of you," Sandy said motioning for Jason to set.

They were soon lost in conversation. Jason talked about his girlfriend Nikki. Sandy talked about her husband and how much she missed him on his long business trips. She would find out soon enough thatmost of his "business" trips were very close to home and he was cheating with a 21 year old waitress. 

She said Nikki was lucky to have a steady man. Jason read between the lines and knew that Sandy is lonely and yearning for some fun. "If he truly loves you and wants you to be happy I am sure he will not mind if you turn to someone to keep you company when he is away." Jason said. 

"I am bisexual and have casual sex with a few women," she revealed. "But I need something bigger, if you know what I mean." 

"Nikki feels the same way if you know what I mean." Jason kidded.

"Would Nikki mind if we made love?" Sandy blurted immediately regretting her forwardness. "Oh I am sorry I said that. It is just that I find you so tempting."

"Please do not be ashamed. Number one: Nikki will not mind at all. We have a very open relationship. She is bisexual and dates other men and women. 

"Number two: I am captivated by you as well." Jason finished getting harder by the minute. Sandy noticed Jason's growing bulge and became equally aroused. 

"Let's go to my office," she pleaded.

She ushered Jason in and locked the door. She immediately undressed Jason anxious to see his cock. Stunned by his size, she ripped off her dress, bra, shoes and panty hose. She nudged Jason to a sofa and played with his monster. She tongued it up and down, licked his balls and the sensitive spot between his sack and ass hole. She took it in her mouth and moved slowly up and down. She sucked it all the way. Her lips kissed Jason's ball sack, his first deep throat. His cock throbbed and only his tremendous control held off an immediate orgasm. 

She made swallowing motions as Jason moaned with pleasure. She slowly bobbed up and down again and again, gradually accelerating. They moved to the floor and Sandy offered her pussy. He licked and kissed Sandy's hairy muff. Her soft hair tickled his chin. 

He fully extended his tongue deep in her pussy. She was momentarily stunned. Her vaginal opening involuntarily clinched Jason's monster tongue. She felt his tongue searching for her G spot. She admired his attentiveness to her need and moaned and groaned in blissful rapture. She was in heaven and Jason is her angel.

Sandy felt Jason's cock grow longer and harder and prepared to take a load of creamy delicious cum. Time stood still. Her body reached unimaginable serenity. She jolted and released stream after stream of her ejaculate while holding Jason deep in her throat. Jason captured a nice share of her tangy sweet ejaculate and savored it before swallowing. Sandy's immense orgasm sparked Jason and he shot steam after stream of cum down her throat. She was not prepared for such a massive load. It filled her mouth to overflowing. She took his spurting rod in her hands and took the last few shots to her face, neck and massive breasts. 

She watched in awe as Jason licked his cum from her neck and breasts and swallowed it down. He licked and held the jizz from her face. She licked up a mouth full of her ejaculate. 

They turned to face each other and kissed with a passion tasting each other's liquids, basking in mutual joy. Jason thanked Sandy for her incredible blow job and admitted that Nikki was unable to deep throat him. Sandy told him none of her previous men or women lovers tongued her so deep, and certainly no man has ever fed her so much cum.

NIKKI JOINS THE FUN WITH SANDY

Following Friday's class, Sandy invited Jason and Nikki to dinner at her home. "It will just be the three of us." she said seductively, tapping Jason on his nose. Jason eagerly accepted knowing what the beautiful bisexual has in mind. "See you at 7," Sandy beamed.

Nikki became equallt excited after Jason's revealed the details of his romp with Sandy, raving about her inedible throat. 

The dinner of flame roasted chicken, sweet potatoes and pan seared string beans was delicious. A fine imported white wine added to the enjoyment. The threesome became loose, relaxed and ready to party.

Nikki helped Sandy load the dishwater and they sensually rubbed against each other at every opportunity. By the time the dishwater started, the two were dripping into their thongs. They strolled hand in hand to the living room sexually swaying their hips. Jason prepared an open space on the sofa.

"Allow me please," as he slowly undressed the two horny ladies. He removed Sandy's top, then Nikki's. He removed Sandy's skirt, then Nikki's. She removed their bras, hose and shoes. The two dipped their hands in each other's panties. Jason sat down pulled out his cock and slowly jacked it, enjoying the action. Sandy and Nikki licked sweet pussy juices off each other's hands. 

Nikki dropped to her knees, removed Sandy's panties and stared at her hairy pussy. "We need to get rid of that hair." Nikki told her. "Can do. " Sandy told her and retrieved a hot wax kit. "This is quicker than shaving but hurts, so I don't use it very often. On this very special occasion quicker is better."

The hot wax quickly did its trick, leaving Sandy's pussy and ass bare as a baby's butt. 

Nikki lowered Sandy to her back and started licking her body starting with her feet, then lavishing her legs, belly and breasts. She kissed Sandy deeply while gently caressing her ears. Nikki gently squeezed Sandy's massive breasts pushing them together and running her tongue from one nipple to the other. Sandy moaned and thrashed as Nikki's expert tongue moved to her belly button. She held Sandy's tits as she swirled her tongue in her navel. 

She spread he legs, cupped her ass and kissed her steaming pussy. She opened her mouth wide, locked on and inserted her tongue a little at a time. She closed he mouth around her tongue and moved it in little circles slowly enlarging her pussy opening. She placed two fingers inside her vaginal opening and slowly fucked her. As Sandy opened more, she rapidly fucked her with her full hand. Sandy's G-spot was on fire. 

"Nikki you hot little slut, fuck me! Hard! Harder!" Nikki added her other hand and pushed both into Sandy's pussy. "That's sooooooo goooood!" Sandy gasped, "Faster! Fill me! Fuck me!" She grunted and squirted large streams of ejaculate into Nikki's mouth and on her face and body. Sandy's body continued to shake as more and more juice jetted into the air. 

Jason and Nikki had never seen so muck fluid squirt from a pussy. Jason licked the two lovers clean. 

Sandy demanded a manage de trios. She opened her legs to Jason and motioned Nikki to sit on her face. Jason ate out Sandy as she ate out Nikki. 

Sandy succumbed to his lance and had a mild orgasm. Jason placed his dick at the entrance to Sandy's pussy and teased her with the head. He entered her slowly and gradually picked up the pace, plowing into her faster and faster. The more aroused she became the deeper and harder she licked Nikki's pussy. She pushed Nikki legs high and drove her tongue into her asshole. She stretched Nikki's ass, tonguing her deep. She fucked and sucked her ass drawing out a musty odor which she inhaled deep into her lungs. 

Nikki came hard. Juices poured from her pussy. Sandy quickly moved to lick and drink her nectar. Their action turned Jason on and he shot a massive load into Sandy's pussy filling her to overflowing. Nikki sucked up the loose cum and feed it to Sandy. 

"What a fantastic dessert." Sandy offered. She wanted more and swallowed Jason's still hard cock into her mouth. She bobbed up and down firmly taking it to the hilt. Nikki saw the pleasure on Jason/s face and vowed to redouble her efforts to deep throat her lover. After Sandy swallowed Jason's second load, Nikki asked where she had leaned to be such an accomplished cock sucker and pussy eater. 

Sandy related the following: 

"The pussy eating comes from experience. I cannot count the number of young women I have seduced since moving to the US. Most young American women are frustrated with the lack of oral attention from their men. They crave oral sex. If they cannot get it from their men they seek out agreeable women. I truly believe bisexuality is prevalent in all women. Lack of men's careful attention to their needs brings it to the surface. I wish all men enjoyed eating pussy as much as I do. I wish all women enjoyed sucking cock as much as I do. 

"I leaned my deep throat skills in Jamaica from a lovely black man. Michael is the most attentive and pleasurable lover in my life. If he moved to the US I would divorce my husband and marry him. His cock is slightly longer, 11" and a bit thinner than Jason's. Butt fucking him is divine."

She paused a moment as her mind is lost in the memory of has last fling with Michael. 

"Please excuse me," she apologized then continued. 

"I was on a 90 day stay as part of a study group analyzing Jamaica's turn to a more socialistic society. I met Michael early on and we soon started fucking every spare moment we could find. He always brought me to several orgasms before fucking my pussy and ass. I sucked his dick about half way down and became frustrated by my inability to deep throat him.

"He turned me on a beautiful woman who easily took his long cock deep. She patiently taught me her secrets and I enjoyed an incredible week taking Michael all the way every time we made love.

"Nikki the secret it leaning how to relax your tongue and breathe thru your nose." 

"I will try and WILL learn, " Nikki promised. "Michael must be an incredible man."

"I love him to this day for a lot of reasons, Sandy replied. "He is a joy to be around, always joking with our study group and supplying us with first rate marijuana. If you have never made love while stoned you should try it. I believe it enhances the pleasures in every way."

"Do you have any weed?" Nikki asked. "I'd like to try sex on a good buzz."

Sandy rolled a fat joint. The three quickly stoned out.

"Jason, feed me your tongue while Nikki practices on your cock." Sandy slurred. She reminded Nikki to relax and breathe thru her nose.

Jason ate out Sandy for a good hour losing count of her orgasms. The hedonistic whore seemed insatiable. Nikki was able to comfortably take and inch more of Jason's 10 inches. On the way home she promised Jason it would not be long before she learned and promised him the blow job of his dreams.