 Candy and Cindy, inseparable since childhood are destined for lesbian love in mind and spirit. They live within walking distances of CETI. In high school they dated boys mainly because it was the expected thing to do. They found most boys dull, unskilled in social graces, thinking with their cocks more than their brains. Many horny young boys grew noticeably hard when close to the gorgeous Candy and Cindy. The young women considered it funny and often burst into giggles, adding even more to guy frustration. 

Candy is 5'6", with beautiful shoulder length auburn hair, large deep brown eyes, luscious lips, a perfect nose, and to die for dimples. She repeatedly refused offers from talent agents promising big bucks for contact lens advertising. Her hour glass figure measures 35-22-36. 

Cindy is equally adorable, 5'5" and a 37-23-36 body. She is blonde with a peachy fair complexion and little patches of freckles around her nose. Because she burns quickly in the sun she spends a lot of money at high quality bronzer salons giving her a perfect all over tan she covers with sun screen. She has large blue eyes and also declines modeling offers. 

Cindy is 4 weeks older than Candy. They turned 18 early in their senior year. As graduation grew closer everyone anxiously awaited the Senior Prom. They both declined invitations to run for prom queen because they new only one will win and could not bare the other losing. They accepted dates to the prom with two unlikely boys. The two were not considered a real catch by any of the girls but seemed safe, nice and polite. 

The prom turned into a disaster for the two young girls. Neither was invited to a single dance with their dates. A good looking guy was slapped silly by his date when he asked Cindy to dance. They sat alone and miserable. Cindy placed her hand on Candy's and said, "Let's get the hell out of here." As they exited they were approached by their long time friend and confidant Alexis, newly crowned Home Coming Queen. She kindly told them she was sorry but understood why they were leaving. She revealed that they had accepted dates from guys who only had eyes for each other. "We all foolishly expected them to behave differently tonight. I just leaned that a served caught the two in a secluded room sucking each other's cock."

They were incredulous and walked to Cindy's house. They tossed the prom dress in the trash and changed into more comfortable outfits. They found long ago they wore the same size clothing. Feeling sexy they fitted their breasts into halter tops with no bra. They pulled on skin tight hot pants without panties and slipped into modest high heels. They joked that if things got too hot they would expose their camel toe. They applied deep red lipstick and black eye shadow. Their perfect skin never needed make up.

They took the first passing bus not caring where it was headed. They rang off at what appeared to be a night spot. They fittingly get off at the women only Club Sappho. 

They passed ID muster with the burly greeter and entered to the blast of a live band playing The Door's version of "Light my Fire." The dance floor is crowded with girls dancing and gyrating to the music. The band changed to a slow tune and most girls danced tightly as humanly possible. Some hugged each other. Some fondled each other. Some just stood still and made out passionately. Cindy and Candy, excited seeing lesbian action for the first time, moved to the dance floor.

They danced slowly, hugging closely, gazing into the other's eyes. They knew this place and this time were meant for each other. They danced every dance for the next two hours, fast or slow, graciously accepting requests from other ladies. After dancing with an older couple they accepted an invitation to join them at their table. Holly, a 5'7" 35-23-36 brunette and Stacy, a 5'6" 36-24-37 blonde are very kind and friendly and asked why they had not seen them before.

"It is our first time," Cindy admitted.

"Be assured it will not be your last time," Holly psomised. "Tell us about yourselves."

Cindy and Candy took turns outlining their life long friendship and how it turned for the worse earlier in the evening at their high school prom. "We did not know our dates are gay, "Cindy said. Holly bitterly remarked, "Some men, gay or straight, can be such assholes." "And some women bitches," Stacy added. They all laughed. Holly asked how long the two had been lesbian lovers. The two looked into each other's eyes for a long moment.

"I would say since about right now." Candy answered. Candy agreed, "Yes, right now and forever."

"There is no better place or time for coming out." "Holly suggested. Candy and Cindy moved closer hugging each other tightly. They passionately kissed each other for the first time feeling happier than ever. Holly and Sandy left them alone to explore the glory of lesbian love in private.

Many couples stopped by for brief moments wishing them well. In one way or another they all remarked on their incredible beauty. Candy and Cindy vowed to love and cherish each other forever. There destiny foretold a long happy life for the perfect pair. 

Later in the evening Holly and Stacy invited the pair to their home. Cindy politely refused. "Look," Stacy said kindly, "If you are to become true long time lovers, we can teach you things that will take you years to learn on your own. We are professional sex therapists and have helped countless lesbians, straights and bisexuals find their true orientation. We know and have taught many lesbians every technique in the book. We are both bisexual and have been together for 10 years. We love you and wish you would accept our help." 

"No charge" Holly added, smiling.

"We accept," they said in unison. They often talked as one mind. It added to their charm.

Holly and Sandy's home was modest yet elegantly furnished in French provincial décor. They invited the two young lovers to set together in a comfortable love seat. Their hosts excused themselves for a moment.

Candy and Cindy passionately kissed exploring and fondling each other.

Candy noticed the two return and stopped kissing Cindy. Holly and Stacy returned completely nude. Their beautify bodies, nice boobs and shaved pussies wetted the young girls appetite. Holly and Stacy stared, noticing their camel toes and very hot liquid running slowly down their legs. Their erect nipples showed thru their hatter tops. Holly undressed Cindy while Stacy undressed Candy. 

Holly and Sandy initiated the action for the nest two hours. They tightly embraced the young lovers from behind. Candy and Cindy felt their juices pouring down their legs. Holly and Stacy cupped their breasts, fondled gently, and palm rolled their nipples. The older women massaged their necks and scalps. They massaged their shoulders, then their backs. They spent long minutes kissing and rubbing their asses. Candy and Cindy rained huge quantities of sticky sweet juices.

Holly and Sandy gently placed the two on their backs side by side. They gently licked up all the sweet juices. They sucked on every toe one at a time. The kissed their calves and thighs. They stopped short of kissing the two very hot pussies. 

They leaned and kissed the two softly. Candy and Cindy loved their kisses. The lips were soft, the kisses gentle. Tongues gently probed allowing Cindy and Candy to respond at their own pace. Candy sucked Stacy's tongue relishing the texture, swirling the saliva around her mouth. She stopped sucking, thrusting her tongue into Stacy's hot mouth. Stacy closed her mouth around Candy's lips and sucked hard. Candy thought she was kissing a vacuum cleaner and released gobs of saliva which Sandy swallowed with relish.

Holly and Cindy too were engaged in a tongue battle, swirling around jabbing and sucking, moaning into each other's mouth. Cindy had never French kissed anyone and loved it. She held Holly's head, ran her fingers thru her hair and rubbed he ears gently. Holly beamed with pride helping such a willing beauty into the lesbian world. 

There was so more to teach. She nodded to Stacy and the two began the downward journey to a pair of lovely breasts. The two gently sucked and tongued their nipples. The licked the tender flesh under the breasts. Moaning and gasping, Candy and Cindy held hands tightly. Belly buttons were probed. Holly and Stacy gently licked their thick hairy, throbbing, juice gushing pussies. Candy and Cindy luxuriated in the incredibly erotic sensations. 

Stacy and Holly filed a basin with warm water. They applied a generous amount of shaving cream and gently removed every trace of hair from the two pussies and asses. They gently rubbed lotion on the sensitive skin and began to probe their pussies first with one then two fingers fucking the girls slowly. Cindy immediately arched her back moaning and groaning in pre-orgasmic ecstasy from the depths of her soul. Her orgasm shattered the quite with a howling squeal that scared her lover. Candy hugged her tightly. "Stay with me darling." she pleaded. "Always" came the reply to a relived Candy. She turned to Holly and said simply, "My turn." Holly fingered the fire hot Candy less then a minute. She came with a force the older pair had not seen in ages.

Oral loved continued as Stacy gently ate Candy. Holly munched on Cindy. Juices from two fresh pussies filled their mouths. The two young girls moaned with new pleasurable sensations. They came together for the second time. Stacy and Holly sucked in their juices. They tongued two of the cutest clitoral knobs they had ever seen. Candy and Cindy came again for the third time.

The sexy foursome rested. Candy and Cindy stretched out chest to chest on a long overstuffed leather sofa gently hugging and kissing. Stacy and Holly cuddled in each other's arms on a large recliner. In a low voice Holly asked if either of them had ever had sex with guys. The two young women hugged each other tighter and started to cry. Holly and Stacy came to them gently wiping their tears away. After the two young girls regained their composer, Holly asked if they wanted to talk about it, assuring them they will feel better if they set free what brought them to tears. 

Candy started the story:

"We have been very good friend since grade school. At 12 we vowed to be friends forever regardless of where our lives took us. Cindy's mom is a retired fashion model. She is divorced but has a close circle of mostly women fiends. She has long since retired living well on the divorce settlement and the fortune she made modeling. We think she is gay or at lest bi. My parents are wonderful and happily married for 25 years. They are the image of what we hope for in our lives. 

"When we both turned 18 we decided it was time to lose our virginity. Finding suitable dates seemed to be no problem. We were asked out all the time. We finally accepted the invitation from two twin boys Aaron and Alex (short for Alexander). We went to a movie, then to a secluded parking lot at the beach. I was cuddled up with Aaron on the front seat as he drove. Cindy was in the back making out with Alex. When we got to the beach they spread two large beach towels. 

"Cindy and I were quickly undressed and pushed on our backs. The twins did not kiss us or engage in any kind or foreplay at all. They simply shoved their hard cocks deep into us. We both screamed as our hymens tore open. The idiots thought it was screams of ecstasy. As they continued to fuck us our blood started to ooze out. "My God" Aaron yelled "My bitch is on the rag." "Mine too" Alex replied. They called us disgusting tramps, slapped us really hard, got up and left us frightened and alone. 

"We ran to the water, cleaned ourselves as best we could, dressed and hitched a ride to Cindy's house. Her mom, Gabby was home. She knew we were suffering and calmed us with gentle hugs. We told her what had happened. She gave us ice packs for our brushed cheeks. "Get some rest girls. Cindy's bed is big enough for both of you." We cried each other to sleep and vowed never to trust and above all never to have sex with any guy." 

"We managed to extract a bit of justice. When we told our friend Alexis about it, she black listed Alex and Aaron. They never dated any girl in our school and even missed out on the prom."

"It serves those assholes right!" Sandy exclaimed.

"Yes indeed," Holly agreed. "However there are times when even lesbians want a good fuck. Stacy and I have found a lot of good caring men who work hard to please. A real man gives as much or more pleasure than he receives.

"He understands that women are not limited in their orgasms and will continue sex after his orgasm until she is completely satisfied. This mutual satisfaction is the basic tenant of out counseling straight and bi men and women."

"Holly and I would love to show you how a good a fuck."

"Please do!" they both asked.

They moved to the master bedroom. Holly and Stacy searched their toy chest and found two strap-on dildos, the shape, texture and size of real 9" cocks. They nudged the girls on their backs and slowly began making sweet love the way all women desire, Holly with Candy and Stacy with Cindy. 

The women kissed passionately losing track of time, driving the beautiful young girls into a crazed state of boundless ecstasy. Candy and Cindy reached unimaginable heights. Stars danced magically to closed eyes. The older woman's kisses electrically charged their entire being. Their pussies were on fire, their juices hot. They wrapped their legs tightly around the older women. Hot sweet nectar gushed from four super charged pussies.

Holly and Stacy moved in carefully orchestrated movements crafted over their many years making love to hundreds of women. They knew exactly how to respond to the most subtle signals from their lovers.

As the deep soul kissing continued, Holly caressed Candy's breasts. Stacy fondled Cindy. Candy moaned deeply as Holly pressed her tender lips to her breasts cupping one in each hand. Stacy kissed and licked down to Cindy's breasts. She licked from her neck thru her valley to her navel and back again over and over again. "Ooooohhhhh," Cindy moaned and tightly gripped Candy's hand. They looked at each other and turned to kiss fervently. Their lips remained locked as Holly and Stacy lavished their breasts. The experienced couple sucked Candy's breasts. Holly tweaked Cindy's nipples. After feasting on Candy they moved to Cindy gently sucking her nipples while Stacy tweaked Candy's nipples. 

They fastened the strap on dildos and allowed Candy and Cindy to feel the life like texture. "Suck it if you want." Holly told them. Both opened wide and eagerly engulfed it half way down. It felt good. They promised to add one to their toy collection. They stopped sucking after several minutes. "Please fuck us now," both begged.

Holly slowly entered Candy while Stacy entered Cindy. They young pussies were incredibly tight. Only the continual flow of their juices allowed easy penetration. A little pain gave way to pleasure. Holly and Stacy gradually increased the pace. They stood and pulled the two pussies to the edge of the bed. 

Moving their hips only they fucked Candy and Cindy with blinding speed. The reached simultaneous orgasm followed by a multi-orgasmic rage. They ejaculated long streams of clear tangy liquid. Holly and Stacy removed their cocks and expertly caught most of the first two shots and swallowed down the juicy essence they loved. Three more covered their bodies. The fragrant aroma only women make filled the room. It added fuel to the fire burning deep within the finely tuned ecstasy evident in all four women.

Holly and Stacy kissed Candy and Cindy's pussies and sucked out the remaining ejaculate. They finished the night locked in side by side 69s. Holly ate Cindy while Stacy ate Candy. After each reached orgasm they exchanged partners. 

Candy and Cindy's first 69 ended in raging orgasm as sunlight peeked over the horizon welcoming in a new day and a new lifetime for the ecstatic lovers. 

Thanks to Holly and Stacy they confidently moved forward never hiding their love or sexual orientation. In college, their charm and humility earned admiration from an increasing number of friends and casual lovers. 

They had always known deep in their subconscious and in their hearts they would eventually become lovers and were amused that it came sooner than expected because of the two gay men they dated at the Senior Prom. Seldom had a sour date turned out so sweet.