 Author's note: This story flows from the "Dawn's Orgy" series. With the exception of a liberal use of fantasy it is very true to actual events in my life. It is so sad the homophobia runs rampant everywhere.  



Following spring break, the campus retuned to normal activity. The cheerleaders practiced artistic dance routines for the upcoming baseball season. 

Gwen interrupted them. They knew by her tears that she was very upset.

Gwen was shaking. Her voice ragged. Emotions unchecked, her words came slowly. 

"I have some terrible news. Dawn and I were at Club Sappho last night. We arrived late and had to park two blocks from the club. We had a great night with some long time friends. When it was time to leave Dawn agreed to get the car and bring it around front. 

"A couple we agreed to drive home and I waited. More and more time passed and we became worried. We searched and found Dawn face down in an ally. Blood was everywhere. It was awful! I checked and could feel a faint heart beat and raged breathing. We thought at first she had been attached by pack of wild dogs but leaned later she had been badly beaten by some thugs who left her for dead. We called 911 and cared for her as best we could until the medics arrived. 

"She is in the hospital ICU unit in critical but stable condition. Dawn is a fighter and I know she will pull through no mater how long it takes. I want to be with her and with the administration's blessing. I am taking an indefinite leave. For you in Dawn's history class Sandy will be filling in. My interim replacement is a VERY STRAIGHT coach. I suggest your keep your extra curricular activities out of her site." 

The shocked squad was speechless, The tried to console each other and after awhile left to their separate ways, Nikki hurried home to Jason straight into his arms crying uncontrollably. "I know honey. It was on the news. There is a video of three skinheads with baseball bats and nightsticks. The cops know these guys and are tacking them down." 

"I hope the put up a fight and get their fucking heads blown off," Nikki sobbed. 

Candy and Cindy went with their best friends Clair and Marley to the place they always found comfort, a small gay owned cafe. The lovely longtime lesbian server is always easy to talk to. "We know darlings. We know We are so sorry." was all that needed to be said. The three sipped coffee and talked about Dawn off and on between silent moments of reflection. 

Laura jumped into Sheri's comforting arms hugging her tightly. They saw Janet and Jennifer who hugged and kissed the two distraught cheerleaders.

"I have to tell you before you hear it elsewhere." Janet confided. "It was a hate crime. Skinheads on the prowl to brutally satisfy their unholy hatred. The assholes really hit the jack pot with a black lesbian. Oh God, what an awful thing to say. Forgive me Lord. The cops are looking for them now. We all know about these idiots. They are neo-Nazi anarchists. They feed on hate. Like rats, they come out only a night. They should be hunted down like rabid dogs and eliminated."

Gwen went directly to the hospital. She found a comfortable chair outside ICU. Bone tired she nodded off. She felt a soft hand on her arm and awoke with a start. Her long time friend and occasional lover, head nurse Cassandra Watkins looked into her eyes. "How are you Gwen?" she inquired. "Been better, love. How is Dawn? 

"She regained consciousness for a brief moment and called out for you." Cassie replied. 

"How is she doing" Gwen urgently inquired again.

"Honestly, it is too early to tell." 

"Please don't give me doctor speak, "Gwen implored. 

"I will never be less than honest with you. Remember, I have know Dawn longer than you. Even thought we had to part ways I still love her. The day she started teaching here was one of the happiest days of my life. Jackie and I consider you dear friends and assure you Dawn is under the best of care."

"She does have a way staying in your heart and mind We have been lovers for 15 years and plan to eventually marry. So please tell me what you can Cassie."

"She is not good. She sustained a concussion. Her jaw is broken and wired shut. She has several deep contusions and shallow cuts all over her back, legs, arms and face. We think the cuts came when they dragged her over some broken glass. A surgeon removed over 40 shards. Our plastic surgeon feels that whe will show no scaring, thank God. 

"She lost a lot blood. She has two broken ribs. One of her implants ruptured. Fortunately it contained saline. It takes tremendous force to cause an implant to burst. Good damn whoever did this to her. She has a broken fibula. And she........Give me a minute." Cassie begged starting to cry." 

Gwen tried to comfort the young nurse, Taking her hands in hers, "Please go on." 

Regaining her composure Cassie continued, "It appears that her anus was violently violated. We managed to stop the bleeding and will repair any damage when she is stronger."

Gwen tried to shake off the terrible images coursing thre her mind. Visibly shaking she cired our,"Will she live thru this?"

"Sorry. As I said it is too early to know for sure.. She will need an MRI when she stabilizes to check for internal injuries. We need blood donors"

"No problem. She has a lot of friends. I know she is B negative and will try to line up as many same types as possible." Gwen offered. 

"Don't worry about that. The blood bank is short an all types. The more her friends give the more likely Dawn and others will get the blood they need"

"When can I see her?"

"ICU recovery can be very intense. If you are up to it, I will get you some scrubs a hair net and mask. I will wash your hands properly. Come with me. Let's get you ready. You can greet her when she comes out of surgery." 

Gwen called Sandy and told her about the need for blood. The blood bank soon flooded with donors.

When Gwen saw Dawn, she started crying uncontrollably. Cassie took her head in her hands and Gwen cried into her shoulder. "Here my dear, set down." Cassis told her. Gwen placed her hand gently on Dawn's arm. It would be a scene played out for the next four months. 



CHEERLEADERS TURN THE DEVIL COACH TO AN ANGEL 

It was not entirely her own fault but Jade Stawlings is rotten to her core. Born to a drunk father and drug addicted mother she bounced around foster homes until she was 18. 

She, of course, married a jerk. He put her through college, more to get her out of the house than any kind act of charity. She was a very strong girl and gravitated to physical education. She taught high school Phys Ed. The activity kept her body toned and tanned. She loved her job and tolerated life at home. 

Her world fell apart when she caught her husband kissing anther woman on the cheek and beat the hell out of her. Released from minimum security prison where she spent 18 months she leaned that the "strange woman" was her husband's sister. In the first month of her freedom, he filed and was granted a quick divorce. Happy to be free from the jerk she nevertheless became alone and miserable. She hated the world almost as much as herself.

The liberal administration believed in rehabilitation and hired her with strong admonition that if she messed up again it would be the end of her coaching career. 

From her first day on the job the cheerleaders hated her. She arrived finding the girls huddled by their lockers, talking about Dawn and Gwen, wishing for their quick return. 

"What are you doing? Why are you not in uniform? Well!!"

We were waiting for you, Coach," Laura started to explain not knowing when to expect from her. 

"That's Coach Stawlings to you. Now get dressed. Calisthenics start in 5 minutes." 

The last thing the girls needed was calisthenics. They were toned physically fit young girls who stayed in shape in and away from cheerleading. They looked at each other with questioning eyes. "What's goring on here?" Sheri asked. "Gwen told us to give her a chance so we better toe the line." Candy said. 

The girls ran through a solid hour of exercise and wore out the new coach which pissed her to no end. She ordered them to run around the track four times, a mile in all. The girls ran a fast pace side by side in a perfectly straight line and glared at the coach every time the crossed the finish line. 

"Ok let see some of your routines!" she ordered.

They girds quickly and gracefully performed their famous pyramid, their piercing eyes starring hard at Jade. 

"Are you crazy? You want to kill yourself? she yelled in Laura's face. "Answer me!"

"We do this all the time. It took weeks to perfect it and we could probably do it our sleep." Laura not too politely told the coach.

For once she held her temper begrudgingly admitting that they were really good. "Go get cleaned up. Practice is at 3 PM tomorrow. Be on time."

Nikki started to tell her they only practiced every other day but thought better of it. No sense further angering her.

The next two weeks of Coach Stawlings' constant harangue and belligerence began to take its toll on the girls. Instructions were ordered, not requested the way they grew accustomed to with Gwen. 

"We have to do something." Laura said. "Check her out on line. There has to be a chink in her amour we can exploit"

The research revealed the demons haunting Jade. They felt genuinely sorry for her and Nikki hatched a plan to exorcise her demons by turning the devil into an angel.  

"Do you have something in mind?" Candy and Cindy said at the same time.

Then girls were used to Candy and Cindy echoing each other and laughed hard for the first time in weeks. 

"I know she most likely engaged in lesbian sex in prison and must be a closet lesbian now." Nikki theorized. 

"That might have a lot to do with her disposition," Sheri added.

"We must seduce her soon, for her sanity and or own." Laura recommended "Just follow my lead tomorrow."

They had all the confidence in the world in Laura. "She could coax the stripes off a Zebra." Sheri boasted. 

After practice the next day, Coach Stawlings waited in her office for the girls to leave before heading home. Noting that they seemed late she went to investigate. Laura set naked spread eagled on the shower room floor. The other girls hid out of site. Jade stopped in her tracks. An odd feeling first experienced when she was sexually active in prison crept in to loins. "Oh God I thought I was over this."

"See something you like coach? Laura asked. "Do you want some of this? Show her what we mean girls." 

The other cheerleaders appeared naked directly in front of the stunned coach. Candy started kissing Cindy and Sheri and Nikki hugged and kissed as well. 

Laura approached the coach. "Join us." She ordered taking her by both hands guiding her to the others. They noticed the coach's dampening shorts.

"Strip!" Laura ordered.

Jade felt powerless. She removed her T-short and her sports bra exposing her magnificent breasts. She removed her tennis shoes and socks, lowered her shorts revealing her very damp thong covered pussy.

Nikki removed the pins from her hair. Her long brown locks fell below her shoulders. They marveled at her magnificent body: 40" tits, 24" waist, 36" hips, shaved pussy and ass. 

"She thought back to the loveless prison sex she hated. Although she admitted that her prison orgasms were much more pleasurable than any her husbands gave her, she decided that to move on in life she must repress her lesbian tendencies. "Who wants a lesbian ex con?" she reasoned. The sexual frustration coritributed largely to her bad attitude. 

"Please. Don't make me do this." she half heartedly pleaded. 

"Don't make you do what?" Cindy and Candy asked.

"Must you two always talk at the same time?" Jade asked.

"It is because we have been in love with each other for a long time and are in tuned with each other's thoughts, "Cindy explained. "Have you ever know such strong love?"

Jade sadly nodded "No." 

"We will gladly teach you real love if you will allow us." Candy offered. 

She never experienced such generosity. All her pent up anger washed out of mind and soul, and the beautiful 29 year old, flashed a beautiful smile. She hugged Laura. "Show me.," she pleaded. "I'm sorry I was such a bitch. It was all I knew." she admitted breaking down in tears she had not shed in years.

Candy and Cindy hugged their coach. "Welcome to our world Coach Stawlings they said.

"It's Jade. " She replied.

Laura hugged and kissed Jade. "We normally only practice three times a week but that doesn't mean we can't have fun on the other days."

"I hope I prove worthy." she replied.

"I love your body and your shaved pussy." Sheri told her. "Mind if we taste you?"

"Yes! I mean no!" Jade gasped. "Please!"

They led Jade to the dressing room. They placed several plush towels on a bench and gently placed their coach on her back. Nikki kissed her then began feasting on her right breast. Laura kissed her and feasted on her left breast.

Candy and Cindy licked her legs, kissed her feet and sucked her toes. Sheri kissed her passionately. She licked slowly down her breast valley, over her navel, over her soaked pussy to her asshole. Sheri alternated tonguing her pussy and asshole. 

The loving treatment reminded Jade of the frequent very wet dreams she experienced from lack of real sex. She had never known such mind blowing intense pleasure in her life. Five beautiful women ravishing her body drove her to new highs of ecstasy. She became lost as a thousand erotic sensations coursed thru her body. A galaxy or stars sparkled brightly in her tightly closed eyes.

All the pent up frustration was released in an intense orgasm. Volumes of her sweet juice raced into Sheri's mouth. She came again and again experiencing multiple orgasms for the first time since the prison warden and two guards had tripled teamed her in an intense a mix of pain and pleasure. 

This time she felt only pleasure. The only pain came from the way she treated the cheerleaders. She vowed to make amends.

Sheri kissed her and she tasted her own juice for the first time. "Hope Sheri tastes as good." she thought as she lowered her face and lapped at her outer lips and thrust her tongue inward as far as she could. Nikki moved to her pussy as Laura lifted her legs into air and stated to eat her ass. Candy and Cindy feasted on Jade's mammoth tits. Jade rejoiced from the tender treatment. 

Laura reached down with both hands and spread her ass cheeks as far as she could. Jade gave a brief thought, wishing she had given herself a cleansing enema. She felt the very aggressive Laura kiss her anal ring, curl her tongue and thrust it far into her rectum. Laura tasted her musky creamy load. She always enjoyed the kinky depravity. She replaced her tongue with two fingers and fucked Jade had and fst. 

Jade, overcome by all the attention, burst into another multiple orgasm. Nikki licked up her cream and gobbled it down. She thrust two finger into Jade's pussy and fucked her while Jade grunted, pushing hard against her hand. Nikki added another fingers and Jade pushed harder. Nikki added her fourth finger and sawed in and out of Jade's pussy as hard and fast as she could. "More." Jade yelled. Nikki closed her thumb and joined Laura in her fisting, one in her ass and another in Jades gushing pussy.  

Jade loved the intensity and swooned out of control. Nikki gently rubbed Jade's spongy G spot. Her Para urethra fluid increased dramatically in a pussy that had never spurted. Jade felt like she needed to pee and tried with all her might to hold back. "I have to pee?" she screamed releasing a stream after stream of her sweet tangy liquid. 

"I' so very sorry." she pleaded. "I just could not hole it back any more."

The five girls smiled knowingly at each other. They explained that a very turned on woman builds up Para urethra fluid when her G spot is stimulated. "Sometime it will have residual pee." Laura explained. "When released it gives one a very intense pleasurable orgasm. Sheri and I do it all the time and drink it like a fine wine."

"Never happened to me before." she explained.

"It won't be the last time" Candy and Cindy, told her at the same time.

All four of the other women laughed.

Jade was spent, her mind spinning with new sensations. She felt for the first time in her life, the real love Candy promised. She dressed and kissed all the girls with great passion. 

She vowed that she would never love any man and hoped to find a good woman instead. 

Nikki dressed quickly and walked Jade to her car. "Gwen told us you are very straight. We did not want this to happen but we had to do something. To be honest you were driving us nuts. I am glad we changed your attitude about us and hope we did not hurt you in any way." 

"I am so very sorry about the shameful way I have treated you." Jade said with real feelings. "Gwen told me you were a good group. I was too angry and stubborn to listen" 

"Hey forget it Jade. All's well that ends well."

"Bless you Nikki. Far from hurting me, you have opened a happy new world.

"I had a terrible marriage that turned me into a hateful criminal. I spent 18 months in prison for beating up a women I wrongly thought was having and affair with my husband. He divorced me and left town. I don't really blame him or care anymore. It is a part of me l wish to forget. You know, he never treated me to any of the pleasures I have just experienced. 

"I would love to be like you and hope to find a real loving relationship like Candy and Cindy seem to have. Gwen must have a real good reason for leaving such a loving place."

"Her partner recently suffered a brutal beating." Nikki explained.

"Oh God, she is the woman I heard about in the news. How is she?

"Gwen has been with her everyday since it happened and assures us she will be OK. But she has a very long road ahead of her. We are going now to give blood again. Want to come along?"

"Of course." Jade replied.

The six beautify woman walked a short distance to the blood mobile. Jade enjoyed talking with the beautiful Nikki. 

"You know this has really awakened me.' Jade told Nikki

"How so?" Nikki asked.

I will never have another man in my life." she vowed

"Please, don't let one bad experience cause you to give up on men at least until you are sure you love the lesbian lifestyle. I am bi and have a fantastic boy friend I would like you to meet." Nikki said and invited her to come to their place tonight.

Jade had no plans and happily accepted if only for the chance to make love the Nikki alone. What she did not know was that Nikki intended to invite Sandy, the bisexual professor whose marriage was ending badly. She hoped that Sandy and Jade would become friends and lovers.

"By the way does Gwen know about the sex? Jade asked.

"Gwen not only knows, she encourages us to be free in our sexual preference and to stand up for the right to live the life as we choose. Gwen is bi and has been with Dawn, a confined lesbian, for 15 years. They have a very trusting interracial relation ship. Dawn migrated from Africa when she was 18. The met here their first year and fell in love. They love to share women and allow men who are fucking Gwen too orally satisfy Dawn."

Jade knew then and there she would love her new job and life. 

She made her way to Nikki and Jason's apartment early that night. Sandy and Nikki had agreed they would treat the meeting the same way she had introduced Sheri into the lesbian lifestyle with Laura earlier in the term. 

They wore revealing bikinis and prepared some light snacks and set an X XX rated DVD in the player. Nikki greeted Jade at the door. They kissed and hugged. Jade noticed Sandy on the couch and became aroused by her lush body. 
