 My physical description is in the first paragraph of my story "I Thought She Was Straight". 

This is a story about the first girl I ever kissed, and what happened much later. I have this friend named Britney. She's a natural blonde and she has brown eyes, which is almost as hot as being a brunette with blue or green eyes. I don't go for blondes any more than I do any other hair color, but for some reason it seems like a lot of the women I've done stuff with have been blonde. Brit's very petite, even smaller than I am. She's maybe 5'1 and her weight is proportionate to her height. She has a cute, bubbly personality but can be serious sometimes. She's the stereotypical blonde when it comes to personality, but not intelligence. Stupidity is one of the biggest turn offs ever.

Britney, me and two other (female) friends were standing around talking on a balcony at some party four years ago. Somehow we started talking about kissing girls, and what it would be like. My friends all said that they wanted to try it, but I really didn't. I had no problem with girls kissing each other, it just wasn't something that I wanted to take part in myself. Thinking back on it, I think the reason I didn't want to do it was because I was afraid of what I'd feel if I did. I remember as far back as 7th grade, I fantasized about girls but I wouldn't admit to myself what it meant. I always figured I just looked up to them or something, but that still didn't explain why these visions of me and whatever girl I "looked up to" making out kept on popping into my head.

I kept telling Britney about how I really didn't want to kiss girls, etc etc while she just looked at me, when suddenly she just shoved me against the wall and kissed me. I was too surprised to react, so I just stood there but didn't kiss back as she pushed her lips against mine. There was no tongue involved but it was definitely not a peck. She pulled back and I think I said something like, "That wasn't so bad," or something along those lines. This was four years ago, so I don't remember word for word what we said.

We all ended up kissing each other, and once when I kissed Britney again she used her tongue a little bit. I had been French kissed before, but not that often and never by another girl, and as soon as I felt her tongue I immediately pulled away and started making gagging sounds. I was feeling some pretty strong emotions but even now I can't really tell what all of them were. There was a lot of confusion, excitement, and even some disgust at myself. I knew that whatever I was feeling, I was at least having fun.

After the party, we never really talked about what had happened. I think most of the other girls just marked it off as experimentation and forgot about it. Me and Britney eventually started becoming really close friends, but as a result of something else, not the party. I didn't notice it at the time, but there was a lot of sexual tension in our friendship. She kept telling me how "gorgeous" I was, and she often got lost in my eyes, literally. She'd say something about how my eyes were beautiful, and she'd stare at them with this kind of dreamy expression on her face. It was weird. Another time, we were sitting side by side talking, and I noticed that the back of her hand was resting in my crotch.

"Um, your hand is in my crotch."

She gave a sheepish little giggle, and turned her hand and cupped my pussy with her hand. I didn't move for a second but I took her hand away and placed it in her own lap, and continued the conversation as if nothing had happened. 

We'd also find the littlest excuse to make out. Ever since the party, I'd become more and more open to the idea of making out with another girl, and we did it at every opportunity. Once we had a cigarette but no lighter, and we decided to take off our shirts and walk down the beach. The first group we found, we decided that we'd make out with each other if they gave us a lighter. Instead the first group we found happened to be some people we knew. With a video camera. The story got around, but luckily our names were not included. 

Especially when we found out she was going to be moving away, our friendship seemed more like a relationship but I didn't notice it at the time. It was very intense. She moved to Canada, and we lost contact with each other as often happens. A couple months ago, however, she came back to visit. Everyone had been talking about it for months. She had been very well liked by everyone so we were all excited for her to come back. Me and about a dozen other people went to the airport to greet her, and when we first saw her walking out of the luggage area everyone, including her, started screaming. 

She didn't see me at first because everyone was piling on top of her, hugging her, all that, but I saw her face under somebody's arm and our eyes met. I swear, time stopped. Her eyes widened and she detached herself from the group, with some difficulty. She screamed my name and ran over to me and jumped into my arms, wrapping her legs around my waist. I almost fell over under her weight so she got down and gave me the tightest hug I've ever received. We didn't let go for a really long time until the other people there started snickering and saying maybe they should leave us alone. We got control of ourselves and let go, but even when she was talking to other people she'd constantly look over at me or find some way to hold my arm or hand or something.

We all went to a restaurant that was open 24 hours and somehow she managed to sit on my lap. I was starting to really get annoyed at everyone else because I just wanted to be alone with her, even if just to talk to her for the first time in two years. She was kept busy by the other people, but whenever she moved she'd grind her ass into my lap which distracted me a lot. Finally everyone started leaving, but Britney had to leave with my best friend because the plan was for her to stay at my best friend's house while she was here. Before she left, I managed to invite her to a party I was throwing that Friday night. She smiled and said she'd be there.

Friday night came and so did she. (Actually, both of us did, several times. But that was later). It was about 8 or so when a few of us decided we wanted to smoke some weed. We went up onto a balcony (does this remind you of anything?) and smoked out. Everybody left for one reason or another and eventually it was me and Britney alone on the balcony. We were both really feeling it. Whenever I'm really stoned, I can't hold a conversation. Other people seem to be different but I can't concentrate at all when I'm stoned. So she was talking away while I was trying really hard to listen. Finally I said something like, "I can't talk when I'm stoned. I just like making out because everything gets really, really sensitive," and she said, "We can do that too," and kissed me. It was a very aggressive kiss and I quickly found myself lying on the ground with her on top of me. It's so weird, to feel like you're rocking back and forth when you're kissing someone. But at the same time, whenever I concentrate on a body part it gets really sensitive. So my lips were tingling and I could really feel her lips against mine. 

I pushed my tongue between her lips and we both moaned a little when our tongues touched. The good thing about weed is that unlike alcohol, it doesn't make you forget anything that happened. I still remember how she pushed her hips against mine and the little noises we were making and feeling her whole body pressed up against me. It's the little things like that that make sex with girls so much better. A lot of guys just get straight to the point and are only interested in being inside a girl. When they kiss you, it feels like a means to an end. With a girl, when they kiss you it's like they're doing it just to enjoy the kiss itself. 

She broke the kiss and rested her weight on her forearms. She took my face in both her hands and said, "I've been wanting to do this since 9th grade," and kissed me tenderly. I rolled over so I was on top and kissed her like I would never stop. My left hand stroked her hair and the side of her face, then I trailed my fingers down her neck to her breast. I cupped it in my hand and she arched her back, pushing it harder into my palm. She let out a little moan and I pulled her top over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, so I could see her nipples that were already really hard and sticking straight up into the air. I lowered my head and took one into my mouth, swirling my tongue in circles around it then flicking it as if it were her clit. She started panting as I felt her hands rest on my head, playing with my hair and running along the back of my neck and behind my ears. I kissed between her breasts then went to work on her other nipple. Her hips kept on raising up against my body involuntarily. I lightly bit her nipple which made her gasp, then I sat up. I took off all my clothes and told her to do the same. Once we were both completely naked, I turned around so that she was lying on the ground with her head closer to me and her feet farther away. I was sitting by her head facing her, and I leaned down and kissed her on the lips, upside down. Spiderman totally stole my idea. I had thought of it way before the movie came out, just that my fantasy didn't include Spiderman. 

After letting our tongues play for a while, I told her to do what I did and I started kissing my way down her body. When I kissed her neck, she kissed mine. When I sucked her nipples, she sucked mine. When I got to her belly button I could feel our breasts pressing together. I stopped and rubbed them against each other for a while, then tickled her belly button with my tongue. I licked her hipbones then kissed the front of her pussy. She had blonde hair covering it, which I had never seen before. I had kept mine high above her head so she couldn't get to it until I wanted her to, but she grabbed my hips and pulled them down onto her face. 

For a second I froze, just feeling her rolling my clit around with her tongue drove every other thought from my mind. I recovered, determined to make her come before I did. She had a really big clit, bordering on oh-shit-I-thought-you-were-a-girl big. It was about an inch long. I know that guys aren't that small, but girls aren't usually that big either. I don't know what the criteria for being a hermaphrodite is, but after seeing her clit I don't want to know. 

I wasn't really sure what to do with a clit that big, then I decided to treat it as if it were a dick. I took the whole thing in my mouth and swirled my tongue over it, which made her moan into my pussy. I felt the vibrations on my clit, which made me moan onto her clit, which made her moan again, and so on. We went on like this for a really long time. When I'm stoned, I'll be just on the edge for the longest time, like 5 minutes. When I finally do come though, it's the most intense orgasm ever. The strongest orgasms I've ever had in my life are when I'm stoned. Strong as in earth shattering. Sometimes I get high just so I can masturbate and have really major orgasms. 

Anyway, she did come first like I had intended, but only by a few seconds. The excitement of having her come on my face pushed me over the edge. Our hips jerked against each other's faces and our moans were buried in each other's pussies. It was the longest, most intense orgasm of my life. Usually when I'm in a 69 position, when I come it's not that intense because I'm also focusing on something else. This time I didn't really have to focus since it wasn't complicated to stimulate a clit that big. 

I just laid there on top of her while we both came down, still feeling the aftershocks of it. I turned around and we kissed for a while, but both of us were too spent to go for another round just then. We were feeling less stoned and we laid on our sides and started talking, our hands gently exploring each other's bodies as we talked. My hand found my way to her pussy and she moved her leg so I could get to it easier. I rubbed the area around her clit up and down with two fingers, then cupped her whole pussy in my hand and squeezed. She had been trying to talk during this but when I did that she gasped mid-sentence. I slipped a finger into her pussy and pushed it in up to the knuckle. She was really tight, I don't think I could have gotten another finger in without causing her discomfort. I curled my finger forward and massaged her g spot like someone else had done to me, and she seemed to feel it like I had. She moaned and rolled over on her back. As I massaged her g spot, I moved my thumb in circles over her clit, which was kind of difficult because of the size so I rubbed up and down the length of it instead. My fingers all found a rhythm that her body followed by raising her hips about every other time my thumb stroked her. 

Her hand had been roughly massaging one of her breasts and pulling her nipple when her other hand grabbed my hand that was inside her and she started bucking her hips and crying out. I could feel an extra rush of wetness over my fingers while her muscles contracted over and over on my fingers. I pulled my fingers out and licked them clean, then realized that we were naked on a balcony in plain sight of whoever happened to be nearby, not to mention the fact that somebody from the party might walk in on us.  

We quickly put on our clothes and joined the party again but by this time everybody was too wasted to realize we were gone. That was the only time we'd managed to be alone the entire week that she was here, but we promised to keep in touch and so far we have.