 Author's note: This is almost certain to be the penultimate part in the Chelsea series and I want to thank all of my readers for their continuing patience. For new readers, it's probably best to begin with Part 1. And please feel free to vote, comment and/or send your feedback. I love hearing from my readers.

*****

Her husband's sermon was almost at end but Chelsea Collins had heard none of it. Perched high in the back row of the choir, Chelsea's thoughts had been anywhere but on the church service. She was totally incapable of dragging her thoughts away from the newfound sexual delights she had been experiencing in the arms of her step-mother-in-law, Mary Morgan. 

Chelsea couldn't believe the change that the past two weeks had wrought in her - two weeks in which her husband's step-mother had come to visit and had effortlessly uncovered and exploited every secret sexual craving of the beautiful 22 year-old; cravings which Chelsea had tried to suppress as wicked, unnatural and sinful; cravings that revolved exclusively around her yearning for other women. But Mary had taught her that those desires were completely natural and much more common than Chelsea would ever have guessed. 

Still, while she trusted Mary, Chelsea could not shake the feelings of doubt and shame over her actions that a lifetime of puritanical education had ingrained in her guileless mind. Mary had taken full advantage of Chelsea, exploiting her innocence and her petite young body. But what Chelsea was most ashamed of was that she had loved every second it.

So now she vacillated constantly between exquisite feelings of sexual liberation and deep trepidation at the possible consequences of her erotic awakening. Foremost was her terror that her husband would find out and she would be exposed and vilified by his entire congregation. But equally strong in Mary's conflicted consciousness was the knowledge that she could never go back to the way she had been before - when her outward contentment was inwardly blighted by a nagging despair. Chelsea knew she could never give up the joy and fulfilment of her sexual awakening.

The service was finally drawing to a close and Chelsea was jerked back to reality. She had to cross her arms over her chest to hide the tell-tale peaks of her nipples and she squeezed her thighs together beneath her conservative skirt to try to relieve the yearning ache in her pussy. As usual after the early service, her husband David would be gone for three hours - travelling to the outlying church of his extensive rural parish for a mid-morning service - and Chelsea couldn't wait to get back to the rectory and back into Mary's arms. 

So it was with deep disappointment that she entered the sitting room to find Mary seated on the sofa with another woman, deep in conversation. Chelsea recognised the second woman immediately as Janet Deane, the confident, rather pushy head of the church's women's auxiliary. 

Mary smiled at Chelsea and said: "Hello my darling - I'm sure you know Janet Deane don't you?"

The other woman swivelled to look up at Chelsea, casting a blatantly appraising look at her and saying with cool smile: "Of course I know Chelsea. How was church this morning my dear?"

Chelsea felt a small thrill wash through her body at the hungry look in Janet Deane's eyes. But she dismissed the feeling as a product of her overwrought imagination.

"Oh - um - it was fine. David has - ah - left for the other service."

Mary smiled at Chelsea's nervousness. "Yes we know dear and that's why Janet has come to visit. Come and sit with us." The two women moved apart and Janet patted the sofa, inviting Chelsea to sit between them. The suggestion in Mary's words - and Janet's look - made Chelsea's pulse quicken. Her heightened sexual radar detected a motive in this meeting and she felt both fear and excitement as she sat between the two middle-aged women. She glanced nervously from one to the other. Mary was dressed in a knitted top that clung seductively to the bold thrust of her breasts and the motherly swell of her belly. Janet was in another of the figure-hugging dresses she always favoured, this one in a navy blue fabric with a plunging neckline that showed off almost all of one breast as she sat half turned towards Chelsea. The young minister's wife couldn't help looking at the creamy flesh of Janet's full breast with just a hint of dark areola showing above the black lace of her cut-away bra. Chelsea swallowed and blushed when Janet detected her gaze.

"Now," said Mary, in a business-like way, taking one of Chelsea's hands in hers. "Remember I told you I knew someone who could - um - look after you when I return to Sydney next week? Yes? Good. Well Janet is that special friend."

Chelsea glanced at Janet in alarm but Janet merely smiled and took Chelsea's other hand, clasping it in both of hers and squeezing it warmly.

"Don't be alarmed my dear," Janet said softly. "Mary has told me about your - um - situation and you have my complete sympathy. Mary and I both know what it's like to be stuck in a - shall we say - less than inspiring marriage." She swapped a knowing smile with Mary and the two older women leaned across in front of Chelsea to exchange a brief but deep kiss. Chelsea's nipples tingled as she watched the women's lips join - and glimpsed the meeting of their wet willing tongues. 

"You see," said Janet, drawing back. "We're all very special friends here and we know how important it is to be discreet." She squeezed Chelsea's hand again. "Now, tell me my dear. Have you enjoyed the lessons that Mary has been giving you?"

Chelsea blushed a deep red at the realisation that Mary had been telling Janet about their bedroom activities. Her innocent blue eyes bulged at Janet and she merely mumbled an affirmative.

"Mmm, lovely," cooed Janet. "Now, Mary trusts me to guide you further, don't you Mary? And you must trust me too. Is that OK?" 

Chelsea looked at Janet: at the stylish cut of her short dark hair, her skilfully applied make-up, her clear skin, the swell of her ripe breasts and the womanly flare of her hips; and felt a renewed rush of excitement in her own body. She had a sudden image of all three of them naked together and she felt her semi-erect nipples stiffen to hardened points. She smiled bashfully but nodded.

"Mmm lovely," breathed Janet, lifting her free hand to Chelsea's chin and tilting her face up for a kiss. Chelsea's heart beat a wild tattoo at the feel of Janet's soft lips on hers and she moaned involuntarily when Janet's questing tongue found her own. She licked her lips when the kiss ended, tasting Janet's lipstick, and breathing in the scent of expensive perfume. "Mmm," Janet smiled again. "I know we are going to be great friends." She noticed Chelsea's gaze drift down once more to her partially exposed breast and she smiled and lifted Chelsea's hand to kiss the palm then guide it into the top of her dress and into her bra. Chelsea moaned again as her tiny hand closed around the supple flesh of Janet's tit. She felt the hard bead of Janet's nipple against her palm and squeezed the flesh, revelling in the guilty pleasure of intimately touching a new woman.

"Oh yes, that's it my darling," Janet sighed. "Feel me - squeeze me!" Chelsea kneaded the yielding flesh more vigorously and then she was kissing Janet again - this time more passionately and deeply, allowing Janet to suck her tongue into her mouth, while Janet's free hand pressed on the back of Chelsea's neck to increase the pressure of their meshing mouths. Janet broke the kiss to look down at Chelsea's hand - and smiled at Mary, giving her a conspiratorial wink.

"Well now," said Janet. "I think it's time I saw exactly what I have to work with here." And together, she and Mary began to undress the quaking but compliant Chelsea. They unbuttoned her blouse and eased it off her shoulders - then Janet watched in keen anticipation as Mary unsnapped the centre clasp of Chelsea's bra - and exposed her tiny but beautiful breasts.

"Oooh," exclaimed Janet as she looked hungrily at the smooth budding breasts and their almost-transparent, nipples. She licked her lips and said in wonder: "Oh my God - they are so fucking delectable." Then Chelsea watched in mounting excitement as both of the older women took one pert breast each in hand and dipped their heads to suck simultaneously on her tiny pebble-hard nipples. Chelsea closed her eyes and moaned as electric sparks of excitement shot from her breasts to her clit. She writhed under the twin assaults of her sexual mentors. She squeezed her thighs together stimulating her already moist cleft and when the two women applied their teeth to Chelsea's sensitive breast tips she shuddered in a small orgasm - the first time she'd been made to climax just by having her nipples teased.

Mary lifted her head and kissed Chelsea on the lips. "Perhaps we should retire to the bedroom?" she suggested.

"No," said Janet in hoarse excitement. "I want to have her right here!" The command in Janet's voice excited both Mary and Chelsea even further. The two older women stood and drew the half-naked Chelsea to her feet. She was breathing hard and both women gazed with lust on her small heaving breasts, the nipples redder now and glistening with saliva.

Janet commanded Chelsea to undress them and she complied willingly, wanting to expose their mature bodies. She helped Mary first to shed her knitted top and bra, letting her succulent tits fall free and heavy. Then she knelt to strip her step-mother-in-law of her skirt and panties - breathing in the now familiar musk of her mature excited pussy. She pressed her cheek briefly to the soft flesh of Mary belly then rose and turned to Janet. Chelsea stepped behind Janet and lowered the zip at the back of her dress. The brunette beauty shrugged out of the robe, letting it fall and puddle at her feet. Chelsea gasped when it was revealed that Janet had been wearing no panties - and she stood now in only her black lacy bra and black thigh-high hold-ups. With trembling fingers, Chelsea undid the clasps on Janet's bra and it joined the dress on the floor. The older woman now turned and pulled Chelsea against her, revelling in the sight and feel of Chelsea's firm barely-there breasts against her own c-cup tits. She moved against Chelsea making their nipples kiss and flick then reached down to unzip Chelsea's skirt and ease it down over her slim hips.

As the two women embraced Mary knelt behind Chelsea to remove her sensible court shoes and ease her tiny white panties down her legs. She delivered a full-lipped kiss to each of Chelsea's firm bottom cheeks, then stood to join in the embrace. Amid the delicious feel of flesh on flesh the three women's lips and tongues melded in an erotic three-way kiss.

When they broke their embrace Janet eased Chelsea back down into a seated position on the sofa and pulled her hips forward so her bottom was poised on the edge. Mary sat down on Chelsea's right and spread her legs to begin fingering the swollen lips of her own dripping cunt. Chelsea whimpered in expectation as Janet knelt between her legs and spread them roughly apart, leaving her vagina naked and open to Janet's avid inspection. The brunette lifted Chelsea's right leg and draped it over Mary's knees. Then she ran the palms of her hands down the inside of Chelsea's thighs, till she reached the junction and pressed the ball of one thumb firmly against Chelsea's mound. She laughed in appreciation at the excited moan this elicited from the naïve young woman. Then she moved in for a closer view as she used her thumbs to peel apart the outer lips of Chelsea's beautiful young pussy, to reveal the slick inner pinkness.

"Oh my God," Janet breathed and glanced up at Mary. "You weren't exaggerating. She has the most beautiful young cunt I have ever seen!" Chelsea blushed furiously at this filthy compliment and tried to close her legs, but Janet merely gripped harder and pushed them further apart. "Oh no you don't, my sweet young pearl," she growled. "Nothing will keep me from tasting this perfect quim." And with that, as Mary watched in growing excitement, and finger-fucked her own sopping gash, Janet kissed her way down Chelsea's left thigh, fleetingly licked around the sensitive flesh of her groin, then zeroed in on the tiny folds of her pussy, making Chelsea jerk with lust when she felt the tip of Janet's tongue drilling into her sexual centre.

Janet showed the minister's young wife no mercy, but used every Sapphic skill she possessed to take Chelsea higher and higher - using kisses, licks and gentle bites to arouse every part of her tender young flower, lapping up every drop of the nectar that flowed copiously from Chelsea, then homing in on her clit to suck on it and flick the tip repeatedly with her tongue, making the young woman cry out loudly and her entire body spasm with the force of the orgasm that ripped through her.

Janet kept her mouth plastered to the pulsating pussy as Chelsea rode out the aftershocks of orgasm then sat back and smiled at the dazed young woman. She licked her way up Chelsea's body - pausing to suck and bite each nipple - then moved up to kiss her deeply and share with her the remains of the cum still pooled in her mouth.

Watching them, Mary moaned in erotic excitement and pushed her own fingers deeper into her sopping gash.

Breaking her kiss with Chelsea, Janet said: "Oooh poor Mary. We've been neglecting her. We'd better do something about that!" She ordered Chelsea to quit the sofa and then pulled Mary around till she was lying on her back along the lounge, with her head on a cushion and her thick thighs spread. "Now," she said, kneeling on the other end of the sofa between Mary's legs and addressing Chelsea. "I want you to suck on Mary's luscious tits while I take care of her down at this end." 

Chelsea complied willingly, kneeling on the floor next to Mary and squeezing her large breasts together before applying her avid young mouth to the distended nipples. Mary moaned in appreciation but her moans soon turned to delighted gasps as Janet's mouth attacked her swollen pussy. Mary was in heaven as Chelsea made oral love to each of her breasts in turn and Janet's skilful mouth worked at her nether lips. Between them they soon had Mary spiralling deliciously upwards toward her climax. Then suddenly Janet withdrew from the assault and Mary moaned in disappointment. 

But her excitement was spurred when Janet licked her lips, smiled up at her, and asked sweetly: "Now tell me Mary, does Chelsea know about the delights of back door love?" Chelsea let Mary's fat nipple plop from her mouth as she raised her head to look quizzically from Janet to her mother-in-law.

Between heaving breaths Mary replied: "Well no - I thought it might not be time just yet."

"Hmm," said Janet thoughtfully. "Perhaps you're right. However, I know you love it so... Chelsea my darling, come down here with me and watch carefully. Pull your knees up, Mary!"

Chelsea and Mary both obeyed immediately, Mary pulling her knees up to her lush tits and Chelsea scooting along the floor to kneel beside Janet, who slid a small cushion under Mary's raised bottom. This posture left Mary's most private parts brazenly open to the view of the other two.

"Mmm," intoned Janet to the wide-eyed Chelsea. "I want to show you something that I just know you will come to love too." Then with a lascivious grin at Mary she dipped her head to lap again at the older woman's gaping pussy. She used her lips and tongue skilfully to bring Mary quickly back to her former state of arousal, first sucking on her pussy lips, then attacking her clit. As she licked and flicked the swollen nub she slid two - then three - fingers into Mary, curling them up to work her G-spot. This combined assault soon had Mary gasping and jerking in rapture.

"Ooohhh, fuck yes! That's it ...oh fuck me ...yes right there - right there...!"

"Now," whispered Janet to Chelsea. "Watch this and then watch Mary's face." And with that Janet licked her way down around her driving fingers, turned her head sideways, extended her long pliant tongue and drove it into the tight pucker of Mary's ass. The effect on Mary's body was electric. She cried out in pure bliss and almost doubled up, her face glowing in unadulterated pleasure. Chelsea looked repeatedly from Janet's questing tongue to Mary's enraptured face as the older woman's cries grew louder and more lustful. Janet maintained the assault finger-fucking and tongue-fucking Mary till her whole body was rigid and vibrating.

"Ooooh fuck yes - oh my God - fucking yesss- lick that asshole - mmmmm - ooohh fuck yes I'm going to cum ... yesssss ... aaaaaaggghhhh fuckkkkkk."

The resulting orgasm wrenched a scream from Mary's contorted mouth and her body convulsed over and over as Janet relentlessly drilled her tongue past the clenching sphincter.

Mary finally collapsed back onto the sofa and Chelsea watched in awe as her mature body continued to jerk with orgasmic aftershocks. Janet sat back on her heels to enjoy the view as well, then smiled at Chelsea and leaned over to press her tongue briefly into the young woman's mouth. "Now that..." she smirked. "...is what I call an orgasm!"

After recovering for a few minutes, Mary gave a lewd growl and sat up against the back of the sofa. She reached for Janet's hands and said: "Now your turn!"

She pulled Janet up till she was standing with her feet on either side of Mary hips and her glistening vagina was poised in front of Mary's face. Janet braced her hands on the wall and bent her knees till her slick pussy was pressed to Mary's mouth. She soon had Janet moaning and her tight ass cheeks clenched as she tongued the bald snatch. Chelsea watched this show in renewed excitement not sure what to do. But then she let instinct take over and she climbed up onto the sofa to stand behind Janet, pressing herself against the older woman's back and reaching around to capture her breasts and squeeze her nipples.

"Ooohh, yes! Good girl!" Janet moaned in approval and twisted her head to seek out Chelsea's mouth. They kissed deeply as Mary's tongue laved Janet's teeming slit. And when Mary applied her tongue to Janet's clit and slid three fingers into her snatch the brunette bucked against her face and came with a desperate rush which filled Mary's mouth with cunt juice.

Later, after much sensual kissing and caressing, the three women cuddled together on the sofa, aware that - for today at least - their time was running out. Chelsea was again between her two middle-aged mentors and they each took turns kissing her and toying with her lovely young breasts. She revelled in the attention, wishing today's delights didn't have to end.

"I hope," she said shyly. "That we can get together again before Mary heads back to Sydney." 

Janet and Mary exchanged a knowing look and Mary kissed Chelsea again before cooing: "Oh don't worry my darling, we'll be seeing Janet again next week at the regular meeting of the Executive Committee of the Church's Women's Auxiliary."

"Oh," said Chelsea in some disappointment. But Janet and Mary both just chuckled in knowing anticipation.

To be concluded.