 OK, I'm back to tell you more of my story. I'm switching things up a bit by exploring a written video format at first. Try to ignore any assumptions, and imagine it, just as it's written.

Then I'm going to switch to third-person narrative so I can have a little more flexibility with the dialogue...Love and hot kisses...Jennifer =)

4:45am Friday...

[Tight film camera close-up on shower drain] Water flowing and rapidly disappearing through drain holes.

Sound of water splattering loudly.

[Camera pans, opens frame a little] Five toes come into view, the water dripping in large and also small drops, viewer sees French toenail tips as camera opens frame and gradually reveals entire naked , female adult foot, then the second foot about 10 inches away, comfortably spread. The woman is obviously showering.

[Camera continues to open just a bit more but pans upward, showing ankles, then lower calves] Water flowing in heavy drops and flowing sheets, falling downward, hissing and splattering all around. 

The faint sound of moaning and heavy, irregular breathing can now be heard above the water noise as the camera continues to show the viewer the long female legs, water coursing down. Steam from the hot water gradually grows, slightly obscuring the view.

[Camera begins to slow its pan as her lower thighs come into view] Breathing intensity increases, becomes more halting and urgent as moans increase. French fingertips from one hand just come into view as camera has now reached her upper thighs, water running, heavily dripping and streaming from the fingertips.

[Now the camera focuses completely on Jennifer's right hand, fingers, enlarged clit, and shaved pussy, as the plunging fingers and hand are obviously involved in bringing her to orgasm] Her hips are thrusting and retracting, uncontrolled, urgent, irregular in rhythm. 

[Quick, different shot of a brief bedroom scene, Jennifer engaged in total, vividly depicted, naked bodily contact with another non-descript, but well-proportioned, youngish female] The inference is a scene for the viewer's sake to show what it is Jennifer's imaginary thoughts are fantasizing about. 

[Quick return back to the shower scene taking place]

[Camera opens frame a bit more to reveal Jennifer's other hand laid flat against the shower wall to steady her] Breathing and moaning very heavy and jerky now, as the powerful orgasm overtakes her and the fingers rub and bury themselves deeply into the soaking wet pussy. Moans of a reserved, private nature, meaning to not arouse anyone but her, are quite audibly heard over the sound of the shower's water fall. Jennifer is obviously alone there in the shower with her impassioned imagination.

Quickly the camera opens full frame to reveal Jennifer's entire body, eyes closed, her face in a sexual, dreamy state, her left hand now cupping her right breast as her forearm hugs her body for post-orgasm comfort, her swollen nipple being massaged with Jennifer's wet hand, as the water continues unabated.

Fade to black.

Friday, 10am. Coffee room at Jennifer's work.

The operations manager for the Gulfstream Aerospace satellite office where Jennifer worked in uptown Charlotte was conversing in an animated shoot-the-breeze conversation with the office manager when Jennifer walked into the company's nicely appointed breakroom with her empty coffee cup. Smiles and greetings were exchanged.

The conversation continued, as if it had not been interrupted.

The ops manager, Dawn, a well-dressed professional woman, said, "...so the new mint flavored birth control pills for women are going to be called....Pre-dick-a-mints." All three women giggled, and the conversation changed to:

"So Helen, for our office get-together next week, let's come up with another caterer."

Helen was an older, matronly woman who had the air of someone who'd been accustomed to a comfortable career with Gulfstream. 

She said, "I know; that Office Solutions group didn't exactly pan out as well as I had hoped when they did our last party. I'll have to consult with some of my other office buddies to see if they can recommend anyone."

Jennifer absentmindedly listened to the conversation. Her thoughts had mostly been focused on the design she'd been working on since 7:30am, but she was now thinking back on the delightful morning episode she'd enjoyed so much while in her shower. A satisfied, small smile appeared on her face, as memories of the sultry fantasy came flooding back into her consciousness.

Her curiosity about the whole lesbian experience had suddenly, like a hammer head shark on the attack, become a burning quest, with a thirst that had become irresistible and urgent. Seeing the videos on the website the previous evening had so captivated Jennifer that she was now fighting to maintain her office composure. That spark had started a blaze which was now ravenously consuming every one of her idle thoughts.

The morning shower episode had only served to whet her appetite, as she imagined her sexy unidentified lover, the softness of her supple, young body burning its hot influence deeply into Jennifer's psyche. She felt terribly excited by the whole recent chain of events, but also somewhat unsure and confused since the experience was all new to her.

She returned to her private, nicely decorated office as the other two also drifted off to other places.

As Jennifer stole away and temporarily moved her lascivious thoughts to another compartment of her brain, she began to refocus her energy on the matter at hand; a drawing for the 11th redesign of a complex part of the plane's forward canard stabilizer.

As she reached for her coffee cup to give it another gulp, her eyes drifted down to the balloon-colored business card which she'd placed on her desk. She'd put it there, trying to come up with a sensible plan to somehow find a means to get back in touch with Vicki. As if on cue, the catering conversation from the break room came to mind once again.

She thought to herself, "Well Vicki probably would be glad to have a shot at some cash for such a job, if she had the desire for such an event. Hell, she's comfortable being around others, but she was probably like most college kids, in need of a little financial help in whatever form it might take."

Jennifer postponed the canard drawing, and picked up her phone, dialing the number listed.

As the phone connection made its characteristic tones, Jennifer felt her adrenal gland kick in, pumping that crazy rush of adrenalin into her nervous system. "Cool it", she told herself, not wanting to convey anything other than a helpful Samaritan attitude.

After two brief rings, a soothing voice said "Hello?"

"Hi, is Vicki there?" Jennifer responded, as her knees involuntarily knocked together a bit.

"This is Vicki, the voice said with a smile."

"Oh hi, Vicki, this is Jennifer from back in August. We had that little fender-bender, remember me?"

"Oh HEY!" Vicki said excitedly, with instant recognition.

The two exchanged a bit of catch-up small talk, covering the quick waterfront of pleasant comments.

With a brief pause in the conversation, Jennifer took her cue and said, "Well, hey, I work for an aviation company uptown, and we have this little office party coming up."

"Oh, really. That sounds like fun, may I come?", Vicki said, with a kind giggle in her voice.

Since things already seemed to be moving so smoothly, Jennifer laughed and said "Yes, of course" then launched into her solicitation.

"Well, I was wondering, and I don't mean to seem rude or anything, but I know you have the clown business, and I was wondering if you've ever done any catering. We have decided not to contact our previous guys, since they let us down with some financial misdealings." 

"Wow" said Vicki, "How sweet of you to think of me! Actually, my Mom used to do some light catering, and I helped her. She still has some stuff, but not for any large events."

"Oh, it would only be about 7 or 8 of us in my department, but the budget would be pretty good, so you'd be well-compensated for your effort, that is if you'd like to try."

Vicki practically lit up like a Christmas tree. "Oh my god, are you kidding Jennifer? I'd LOVE to do that! I can sure use the money." "You're such a great sweetheart to think of me!"

Jennifer's mouth formed a knowing smile as she thought about the hopeful plans and ulterior motives she had up her sleeve, hopefully to be divulged at an opportune moment in the near future.

"Well, I can't make any promises, but I'll be sure to pass on your name to our office manager with a good word to promote you." "Her name is..." and the conversation continued into the details of who was going to call whom and what dates were involved so Vicki could block time out for the event, just in case everything worked out and she was chosen.

Vicki added, "Do you think it would be OK if I have Haley come with me to help? She's my other clown buddy, and I don't think I'll be able to do it by myself."

"I thought your other partner's name was Sherri."

"Oh!" said Vicki, "she moved to Australia, and now I'm working with my girlfriend Haley...I need to get that changed on my card..."

"Sure, well I think that would be a great idea." chimed Jennifer, already feeling just a bit jealous of anyone else who she might have to compete with for Vicki's sovereign attention, if the opportunity presented itself.

The two exchanged short-term farewells and vowed to be in touch in the near future.

As soon as Jennifer hung up, she dialed Helen's number and proposed the situation, hoping to beat out any other candidates with her glowing report about Vicki's large amount of experience and keen professional attitude. She hoped that she wasn't sticking her neck out too far for Vicki's sake, and realized the destabilizing effect her newfound fascination with women was having on her whole demeanor.

She and Helen confirmed that Helen would gladly follow up on the call to Vicki.  Jennifer hung up and opened her new Palm Pre to the personal directory of names and contact information.

"Gail Patterson" was the name she sought, and within moments, dialed the number and had the next conversation with her trusted therapist.

"Hey Gail, it's Jennifer...say, do you have any openings for a session? Something's been on my mind here lately."

Gail said, "...you ought to go buy a lottery ticket tonight Jen, hell you might want to buy ten of them. I just had a cancellation for this evening at 7. Would that work with your busy schedule?"

"I think that'd work fine if you're sure you can wedge me in there. I don't want to pass up the chance while I can take it." said Jennifer.

"OK, see you then" offered Gail, and they disconnected. "Now if I can get focused back on my CAD drawing..." thought Jennifer, and she totally lost herself in the details of her work for the remainder of the day, except for the interruption of Helen coming by two hours later to say that everything was copacetic with using Vicki for the job. Jennifer clutched her fist, jerked it downward, and breathed a "Yes!" as soon as Helen closed the door and disappeared from view.

Jennifer worked a little past her typical quitting time, which had become the de- rigueur custom all week, as she knew the deadline for the airfoil redesign was drawing close. She figured she still had enough time to swing by the bank in her hometown and get back up to the neighboring, small town of Matthews to make her 7pm appointment with Gail.

Tucking herself into her little car, she raced home, avoiding most of the rush-hour traffic by selecting a few rural roads most folks didn't usually want to bother with. As the week's memories passed in and out of her conscious state of mind, the more upbeat dance tunes on the radio kept Jennifer company as she dance-wiggled in her seat and considered what was still in store for the remaining part of the night.

She pulled up to the brick building, which was busier than usual with the other folks who'd also been paid, and unbuttoned one of her upper blouse buttons to give Meredith a little something extra to see.

She then shuffled out of her car, opened the heavy double door, and passed the familiar bulletin board in the outer foyer of the bank.  She happened to notice the pretty cards of Vicki and Sherri/Haley's still in the lower corner and absentmindedly plucked out another one so there'd be one to keep at home, since the original one was now at her desk at work.

Jennifer immediately caught sight of Meredith, busily helping a line of customers with their transactions. There were two other tellers Jennifer vaguely recognized, but had fortunately not developed any ties to, so she felt she could go join Meredith's line without causing a fuss.

As she waited for the line to progressively get shorter, there were several opportunities to steal a gaze at Meredith, basically to check her out in a way that Jennifer hadn't had quite the opportunity to do last time. As the last customer left Meredith's line and she announced "Next please", a delicious little smile of familiarity came across her lips, and Jennifer approached.

"Hi Meredith." Jennifer offered.

"Hi there Jennifer. I was hoping I'd see you again before too long." she said, as the forgotten perfume from Thursday confronted Jennifer's nose with a warm and sensuous welcome.

"Wow, I'm impressed that you remember my name." mused Jennifer, as her words caught in that embarrassing way in her throat. She then quickly gulped that funny way when something catches a person off guard.

Meredith spoke confidently saying, "I had a feeling about you the other day and I decided to memorize your name right away; you seem like maybe someone I once knew", she fibbed, not wanting to reveal the true nature of her interest.

Jennifer smiled as warmly as she could and acknowledged the kindness, but in her mind, she wondered if there was some yet-to-be-revealed agenda that might be present instead. She certainly hoped so, remembering that fingernail tracing across Meredith's lip in such a sexy manner. Jennifer also noticed the same color was still painted on and asked her:

"Meredith, do you mind me asking what the name of your nail polish is? I think it's so pretty."

"Oh, thanks, she responded, I just love it. It's my favorite color and they call it Passion for Pink..." although her voice had lowered a bit in a semi-conspiratorial tone. "It's so delicious, isn't it?"

Jennifer quickly and secretly considered the promiscuous-sounding name, wondering about the possible double entendre, and again complimented Meredith's choice. The clever name reminded Jennifer of how Ricky used to refer to Jen's tender, sexy places as her "pink parts".

"So what can I do for you today, Ms. Jennifer?"

"Oh, I just want to deposit this check and get a little fun money for the weekend." she said, passing the prepared deposit slip and paycheck across the counter.

Meredith observed the documents and said, "Oh, you forgot to endorse the check, hun."

Jennifer enjoyed the pleasant, little term of endearment, and wondered if Meredith offered it just to her or if maybe she addressed all her clients in such a manner. She hadn't noticed her using such terms during the time she spent in Meredith's line, so she took it to be a good sign.

And as Jennifer dutifully signed her name, she noticed Meredith taking the opportunity to visually explore her body, especially the exposed cleavage she had hoped she would find interesting.  Jennifer's legs began once again to get a bit unstable as the feeling of desire by this mysteriously sexy woman crept over her. It felt so good that Meredith seemed to be checking her out.

Meredith began processing the transaction, entering Jennifer's account number at her workstation from the coded number on the deposit slip.

As Jennifer's account transaction summary came up on her computer monitor, Meredith noticed the recent line item that had already posted from Jennifer's phone order the previous evening. Meredith immediately recognized the named video company, because she herself did business with them, whenever she was in the mood for some private home viewing.

Meredith's voice once again assumed a low volume level and she softly confided in Jennifer saying, "Forgive me for mentioning it but I used HotMoviesForHer just this past weekend and ordered some fun videos!"

Jennifer's face flushed a bit, totally caught off guard, as she considered the impropriety of the situation, but decided this inadvertent disclosure might be just the ticket for connecting with Meredith on a fast track she'd never anticipated.

A tense moment passed, but Jennifer's instinct took over, and she simply elicited a sexy wink and a little upturned corner of her mouth.

"So you want $150 cash?" Meredith offered, seeing the entry on the check slip.

"Oh, yes please." was the reply, as the two regained the previous momentum of the business at hand.

Meredith's deft hands shuffled the paper items and the machinery clicked and whirred as the accounting system registered the transaction, and the hidden cash drawer finally popped open. 

Meredith counted out the bills once on the faux black marble countertop, and then repeated the same drill as Jennifer looked on, mesmerized by Meredith's sexy hands and hushed tones as she counted to herself.

When the obvious moment came for the cash to change hands, Jennifer opened her hand as before and this time, Meredith repeated the same drill as before, but with more pressure from her smooth pinkie finger, holding down on Jennifer's soft palm as she counted the bills out loud for a third time.

"...one hundred forty, one hundred fifty...and one more thing..." as Meredith picked up a small piece of concealed paper with a hand written note, placing it on top of the stack of bills. It was a phone number, Jennifer noticed. "Please call me sometime" was all Meredith revealed in a hushed tone.

Jennifer tentatively placed a hand on Meredith's saying "I'll call you, sweety".

She left the bank in a hurry since she knew she needed to scram if she was going to make it to Gail Patterson's office in time.

She stashed the money and phone number in her wallet as she left. Jennifer tried to remain calm at this startling, new development, but to herself she exclaimed, "...oh my god, I can't believe that just happened!" Her hand was between her thighs every time she wasn't shifting gears, massaging herself through the fabric of her slacks. This time, she remembered not to use the anti-bacterial stuff, and frequently took a pleasant whiff of the fragrance Meredith had left behind from the brief contact.

It took a little less time to drive than she thought and she pulled up to Gail's office a few minutes early. She buttoned her blouse back to the more conservative cleavage mark and then programmed Meredith's number into her cell for absolute safekeeping, still relishing the handwritten note like a piece of rich, dark chocolate.

As the office door whooshed behind her, Jennifer entered Gail's empty waiting area, but the inner door quickly opened and Gail's pleasant voice greeted her.

Hey stranger, it's been awhile." was Gail's kind greeting, delivered with a welcome smile. "C'mon back, and let's do some weed."

The two women laughed a bit at the therapist's wicked humor, and they walked side-by-side to the well-appointed inside office, mostly furnished with Gail's contemporary desk, messy with gobs of paperwork and file folders.

The two automatically fell into a loose routine, but it wasn't long before Jennifer began to explain her newfound interest in same-gender sexual urges she'd been feeling.

"I'm just so overwhelmed with the desire to get some girl nookie, she explained, and I feel all sorts of peculiar emotions about the whole Ricky thing."
