 I'm looking down, over my breasts my nipples hard, bitingly hard I can feel them pulling my breasts taught, themselves swollen almost throbbing, down to her head there between my legs, legs so wide open, pulled back allowing access, access that 5 minutes before I had been conflicted about, torn between the burning desire of my clit and my fear at what was about to happen.

It was my fault, pushing for something I knew he was going to say no about, the bloody horse, I'd been training it now for a year since it was backed and the moment of truth came when I was asked those fateful works, "do you want her". He'd told me that this would be the next step, offer a free loan for a year whilst I trained the bloody thing and then when I was completely in love I would be offered her, a deal, a steal, and he wasn't having it back then and he wasn't having it now either, until I said those fateful words, "I'll do girl on girl if you let me have it". He stopped looked at me with that look then his eyes flashed at me, called my bluff, and here I was.

Wet, incredibly wet, my lips swollen, my clit bursting, I was moments away from an orgasm and I knew it was going to be huge, girls know and this one, I was unsure whether I was going to explode, pass out, wet myself, all of my body was on fire, it was like a runaway explosion coming and it was past the point of defusing. I was looking down again my hand on my right breast pulling at my nipple, my back arched, the fingers of her right hand stroking my g spot, the fingers of her left hand teasing my other entrance, she was gently sucking on my clit as she stroked it with her tongue and all of the lesbian porn I had watched and secretly got off on with him flowing through my mind.

And then it hit, did it hit, and I screamed, loud long and hard as the most powerful orgasm I have ever experienced ripped through me, I did wet myself, I didn't care, I didn't pass out I just became unable to control anything, I shook, I writhed, I shuddered I howled, I couldn't stop until the second orgasm subsided and then I laid there, spent, holy fuck, and I couldn't move, bloody hell I couldn't even open my eyes. 

I felt the bed move, my bed, our bed and thought she was getting up having done her work, him happy, he bloody well should be I'm not a lesbian I told him, although that orgasm (orgasms) might take a bit of explaining, in truth I was wet hours before just from the thought, and that exhibition should keep his girl on girl fantasies happy for a good while. But it was when I felt her against my breast I opened my eyes to see her above me and when I say her I mean her pussy inches from my face it too was swollen, it too was wet, soaking and I could see her clit standing out hard, engorged more like.

She looked down and silently mouthed the words "please". I looked at her, this wasn't part of the deal, "lay back have your pussy licked, have an orgasm" that was the deal, how hard could that be, not hard at all as it happened but this, this was a step beyond, I looked at him he was lost in lust I looked at her again and as I did so a small drip, a trail ran from her lips into my own and I licked the trail, tasted her and nodded as she lowered herself down and I brought her to her own sweet climax.

It started slow a tentative lick, awkward not unpleasant, better than cock, but strange. It was her moan that did it, urged me on, the low guttural moan and gasp when I stroked her clit, hard on my tongue, so much larger than mine and she began a slow rocking motion fucking my tongue, my face I could feel her flowing into my mouth and building up a rhythm gaining in intensity, pressure, her moans becoming deeper and strangled and then she came, falling onto me, bucking little movements creaming, and how I loved what I had caused to happen.

She half laid on me, her scent liquid in my face, my nose, my mouth and her deep breaths rocking her gently and I stroked my clit teasing it slipping my fingers into myself and bringing out the sticky wet to rub over my lips, my clit, my fingers sliding as I held her above me and slowly but deliciously brought myself to another climax whilst lapping her, tasting her. He wanted girl on girl and I'd given it to him but I knew that what I'd done really was given it myself. 

I'm not a lesbian, yes I know that but every now and then I'm going to be one, not for him, not with him watching, but for me.