 June Claymore stood in front of the stove, trying to force herself to concentrate. Just a few more minutes and then, finally, she would have her day all to herself, at least until 4:00 or so, when Dan came home from school. Right now, though, she was in the worst time crunch of the morning, hustling one kid off to middle school and the other one--her daughter Janie--off to high school. The mad dash happened every day and it never got any easier.

"Guys, let's go!" she yelled over her shoulder, simultaneously scraping the scrambled eggs off the bottom of the pan. They were a little overdone, but passable. She shoveled them onto plates, and then paused, momentarily at a loss. She caught a whiff of burning bread, and whirled--too late--to the toaster. Oh well. They'd have to go without toast today. There wasn't time to make more. "Are you COM-ing?"

The thundering herd finally arrived, her son galumphing in first, followed closely by his sister, who walked in still thrusting loose papers into her backpack.

"Mom, have you seen my new sweater?" Janie asked, her face a mask of desperation.

"Which one, honey?" Wrong answer, and it earned June "The Look."

"My new one? The one with the stripes?"

"I don't know, dear. Where did you leave it?"

"Mom, if I KNEW that I would KNOW where it IS."

A good point, and June decided her end of the "conversation" had ended. She plopped the plates on the table. "You've got two minutes to eat, then I'll run you down to the bus stop.

As June turned away from the dreadful scrambled egg slaughter, her eyes trailed to the table in the hallway. The package was still sitting where she'd left it. She ached to open it, but knew she would have to wait. The clatter of dishes in the sink snapped her out of her reverie, and she helped stuff the lunches into the backpacks. Three sets of sneakers scampered down the stairs to the garage, and they roared off down the street. She barely paused at the stop sign before turning right, knowing even as she did it that Mrs. Watson would probably arrange to have another letter sent from the Fairfax County Police. "Dear Citizen: Your car was observed being operated in an unsafe manner...."

Quick smooches, a few last-minute words of encouragement and then...freedom.

********

Back at the house, June scooped up the package as she went by and trotted upstairs to her bedroom. She tossed it onto the bed as she kicked off her shoes and then hurriedly peeled off her turtleneck and jeans. She decided to leave her panties on for now, but grabbed her silk robe, shrugging it on but leaving it open. Then, feeling like a kid on Christmas morning, she was finally ready to open the package. She propped up her pillows and slid under the covers, leaning down to pick up the box. Her nightstand scissors made quick work of the mailing tape, and then she tore it open.

Her eyes sparkling, June stared at the contents, slowly removing each one. First to emerge was a DVD, its salacious cover promising hours of delicious viewing. It was from a company called whippedass.com, which specialized in lesbian s&m. June felt wicked as she stared at the images on the cover, a young girl bound and obscenely stretched over a sawhorse while another, older woman savagely fucked her with a strap-on cock. Smiling, she reached into the box and extracted another item, a strap-on and harness very similar to the one on the DVD's cover. How she longed to have someone take her like that! But the chances seemed very remote, despite her constant fantasies about the possibility. Whom could she approach? Oh sure, she had masturbated while thinking about her next-door-neighbor Sue. She was slightly older than June and a bit plump, but June had spied on her sunbathing on more than one occasion and knew that she had a sexy, curvy body. Yet June could not imagine approaching her about lesbian sex; she seemed so straitlaced, and was certainly devoted to her husband. Or Betty Riordan, June's best friend. How often had June's oily fingers brought on a climax while dreaming of her red-haired friend fucking her hard in this very room? Too many times to count, yet Betty, for all her buxom charm, could be a bit severe in her demeanor, always very prim and proper. A highly paid real estate agent, Betty was also the PTA president at the high school where her daughter Jill was a classmate of Janie. Even though June and Betty saw each other often, it never seemed an appropriate time to broach the subject of sex of any kind, let alone lesbian sex.

No, mostly June explored her fantasies online, lately with a succession of chat friends. It was through them that she had become aware of a website offering the items in her special box, an endless pornucopia of toys and videos. She had hesitated awhile before ordering anything, fearful that she might unleash a string of porn-related mail offers. Finally, though, her horniness had driven her to make a purchase, and she had ordered an assortment of wicked goodies.

Feeling herself beginning to get wet, June dumped the box out on the bed. Out fell an assortment of dildos and vibrators, a butt plug, some anal beads, some nipple clamps joined by a chain, and a set of ben-wa balls. She was like a kid in a candy store, not knowing where to start. Suddenly, though, she knew that she had to have a cum, and quickly.

Squealing with delight, she bounced her bottom up off the bed and skinned off her wet panties. The air hitting her moist hairy mound felt delicious, and she reached down and let two of her fingers slide down along her lips, immediately coating them with her juices. God, she was so wet! She could not remember the last time she had felt so horny. She longed to cum, knowing that it would only be the first of many that day.

Searching through the jumble of sex toys on the bedspread, June selected a slender vibrator, perhaps 10 inches long, and another curiously shaped device with a small strap. It was also a vibrator, designed to strap to the back of her hand. It would make her entire hand vibrate, transferring the delicious sensations to whatever she touched. She tried switching it on. Nothing happened. The same with the long vibrator. She clicked the switch off and on several times. Nothing. Then she giggled, realizing that the devices needed batteries.

She left them on the bed and scampered down the stairs, her thin robe flying open on either side of her bouncing breasts. She felt deliciously naughty, flouncing around like this, practically naked. She went into her kitchen and opened the door to the pantry. Inside was a plastic bag filled with an assortment of batteries. Closing the door, she happened to glance outside and felt her heart skip a beat. Sue was out watering her side garden, her fleshy curves packed tightly into a lycra swimsuit. June stared for a moment, her horniness almost conquering good sense. She longed to throw open the sliding door and invite her in for a romp in bed but she didn't dare. Instead, she stood unseen in her kitchen, not 20 feet from the woman, rubbing her wet fingers up and down her drooling slit. No. She just couldn't risk it, no matter how turned on she was.

Instead, she whirled and raced back up the stairs with her bag of batteries. It took several fumbling minutes to get them installed, and then--at last--she was able to sprawl back on the bed and find the pleasure she so desperately desired. She began by inserting several inches of the long vibe in her pussy and switching it on low. She groaned as a lovely wave of sensations trembled through her, and for a moment she just lay there enjoying the feeling, gently fucking herself with the toy. Then, almost as an afterthought, she switched on the vibe strapped to her right hand. It was an odd feeling, her whole hand vibrating and twitching right down to her bones. But when she brought her hand up to her chest, cupping her large tit, she could not believe the pleasure that rippled through her.

"Ohhhhhhh," she groaned, feeling her nipple instantly hardening in the center of her shivering palm. She almost forgot about the vibrator in her pussy as she concentrated on pleasuring her nipples, moving her thrumming hand from one to the other and back again. Her mouth dropped open in a silent moan of ecstasy, and she arched her back high up off the bed, reveling in the feelings. Then, almost as if it had a mind of its own, her pleasure-producing hand began moving down her body, sliding deliciously across her smooth belly. She knew what she needed. She needed to feel this sensation directly on her clit.

As soon as the thought drifted through her brain, June felt her pussy contract, squeezing tightly around the other vibrator. She reached down and fucked herself with her left hand, almost unconsciously switching the power a bit higher.

"Oh yessssssss," she hissed. Her hips were moving now, making little fucking motions up off the covers as she felt her pleasure beginning to mount. It was time now, she thought, and she slid her right hand farther down, even as she lifted her knees up and back towards her chest.

"Oh fuck!" she cried out, as her vibrating hand reached her clit. It was almost too much pleasure, and she bit down hard on her lip to help herself bear it. Her clit felt like a hard marble, pulsing angrily beneath her fingers as she rolled it roughly with the tips of her vibrating fingers. With her left hand she began fucking herself fast and deep, her ass squirming on the bed. She was dimly aware of her breath coming in short, ragged gasps as waves of pleasure built and spilled over her, and then--without warning--she was cumming, feeling her pussy spasming and pouring cream out and down the crack of her behind. And again! Another climax followed, almost instantly. June was sobbing but she could not stop herself. Her right hand moved rapidly back and forth, her fingers a blur. There was a moment's hesitation, like a diver poised before a leap, and then a third climax ripped through her.

"Yeaaaaggghhhhhhhhhhh!" she bellowed, her ecstasy melting into incoherence. Gasping, she somehow managed to pull her hand away to give herself a moment's peace. She lay on the bed trembling, sweat beginning to glisten on her heaving breasts. So much pleasure! She had never imagined.

********

She must have slept, because when she became aware again it seemed like an hour had passed. It was close to 11 now. June giggled as she realized that the two vibrators were still buzzing insistently. She turned off them off and swung her legs shakily out of bed, managing to pad over to the master bathroom for a pee. She grinned at herself in the mirror and splashed cold water on her face.

Feeling refreshed, she walked back into the bedroom, shedding her robe as she went. Her body tingled, her nerve-endings on fire. She was ready for even more wickedness, but now she was feeling truly naughty. She pawed through the jumble of goodies on the bed, and found the item she was after.

June had never experienced anal sex with any of her partners, not with her two boyfriends in high school, nor the four in college (two short-term flings and two pretty hot and heavy) or with her ex-husband. Bill (her ex) had tried several times to coax her into trying it, once sticking his finger uninvited into her ass, and then alternately begging and demanding that she let him fuck her there. But she'd rejected the idea in no uncertain terms. The idea of something as large as a penis (and Bill's eight-incher certainly qualified as large in her book) entering her tight ass just seemed absurd. Each time he'd tried, her whole body had gone rigid, ending any amorous feelings for the evening. At the time, Bill's obsession with screwing her anally had seemed so infantile, and that period may have marked the beginning of her realization that the two of them--despite having produced two children--were fundamentally incompatible sexually. 

Lately, though, June had begun exploring the idea of anal sex in her online chats. One online acquaintance--a Denver woman named Sally, given to particularly earthy language--had extolled the joys of anal strap-on fucking, so much so that June had become intrigued. She'd started playing with her ass while masturbating, and had come to like the feeling of having a finger--or even two--pushed deep into her tight musky hole.

She eyed the object in her hand, the butt plug. It was made of clear silicone, and had a smooth tapered end and a wide flat base. In the middle it swelled out, like a pear. Again, June felt a momentary qualm, wondering how she would ever get this thing into her small hole. But she remembered more of her conversation with Sally, how she had counseled the liberal use of lubricant. June looked down on the bed and spotted the tube of k-y jelly, "free with any purchase."

Feeling a bit silly, she walked over to her full-length mirror, bent over, and looked at herself through her legs. She almost cracked up at the sight that she saw: a red-faced woman staring at her ass upside-down, her long brunette hair escaping from its tight bun to fall to the floor in a tangle, her large breasts hanging down pendulously. Oh well. Might as well get on with it, she thought. She grabbed hold of her butt cheeks and spread them, revealing her crinkled, reddish-brown hole. Was it just her imagination that it seemed even tighter than usual? She stuck out a nail tentatively and scraped it carefully around the center of her hole, probing at the tender bud. Pushing a bit, she managed to ease past the tight outer rim into the softer pinkness of the interior. Emboldened, she pulled her fingertip back out and coated it with some of the k-y jelly, and this time it slid in easily. She watched through her legs as her middle finger entered deeper into her ass and, to her surprise, realized that she was actually enjoying the sensation. For the first time, June realized that manipulating her ass like this created sympathetic sensations in on the opposite side of her perineum, and she felt herself beginning to get aroused. She glanced down at the floor at the butt plug, though, and still felt skeptical that her hole could stretch to accommodate it, at least without damaging herself. What if she tore something? Pretty hard to explain at the emergency room.

It occurred to her, though, that it was pretty pointless to have bought all these toys if she wasn't going to be brave enough to try them. She picked up the plug and began coating it liberally with the jelly. She could feel it warming in her hands as she prepared it, and she got more and more excited about the idea of having this thing inside of her. She started feeling as if she could do this.

June got down on her knees, and looked back over her shoulder at the mirror. She could see her target; her anus glistened wetly with the jelly. She aimed the tip of the plug into the center of her hole and began applying pressure.

"Unnnnghhh," she grunted, feeling a sharp twinge as the plug began stretching her. She almost stopped, but, again, her conversation with Sally surfaced in her mind. "You just push out, like you're takin' a shit," Sally had said, and June snorted with laughter at the memory. She concentrated, bearing down like she wanted to push the plug out (which wasn't far from the truth) and suddenly she found the opposite occurring: the plug was sliding farther into her tight ass. She groaned deep in her throat and almost tried to pull it out, but suddenly she got past the widest part of the plug, and the rest of it popped inside, until the base was tucked up nice and tight against her hole. She put her head down on the rug and stayed motionless for a minute, catching her breath. She was coated with nervous sweat, but she had done it!

After a bit, she raised her head up and looked back over her shoulder. She could see just the round base of the plug tucked up against her anus, and she reached back and ran her fingernail around it, tracing it on the rim of her ass. It felt amazing. Slowly, moving gingerly, she raised herself up until she was standing in front of the mirror again. She could feel the plug worming its way even deeper into her bowels. The feeling was odd but not unpleasant, and she found that she could move around even with the plug inside of her. She grinned at how she looked in the mirror. God, she looked like a sexy slut now, having cum all those times already and with her body now coated with a fresh sheen of love sweat. Her nipples were hard and beet-red, and she had to admit that, for a woman on the back end of thirty, she looked pretty hot. She certainly felt sexy, sexier and more beautiful than she had at any time since before she was married. She reached up and began rolling and pinching her nipples. It felt exquisitely good to tug on them like that, and then she got a truly wicked idea. She crossed over to the bed and picked up the nipple clamps. Each one opened on a hinge and clamped over the nipple, then there was a separate device that tightened them, squeezing the nipple a little....or a lot.

June unclasped one and fit it over her right nipple, then snapped it shut. She sucked in her breath tightly as it closed onto her nipple, but it did not really hurt, just pinched a little. She quickly fastened the other one, and then admired how she looked with the chain hanging down. Smiling evilly, she gave the chain a little tug.

"Oooooh," she moaned involuntarily. Now THAT hurt a bit, but it still left her with a bit of a tingle.

Moving stiffly, conscious of the plug squishing around in her tight behind, June walked back over to the bed and grabbed the DVD, slipping it into the player under her TV. She clicked it on, and while it was loading she busied herself with some other toys. The ben-wa balls she tucked inside her wet pussy, and was a little disappointed when she did not really feel much effect at all. Oh well. She knew something that would feel nice. She re-strapped the hand vibrator to the back of her hand, switched it on, and began rubbing her slit. Suddenly, she began shaking, as the ben-wa balls responded rather dramatically to the vibrations. It felt like the two balls were fucking her from the inside out and she couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. Voices from the screen made her snap her head up and she began watching the movie.

The "plot" of the movie, if you could call it that, was laughably lame, something involving a female executive and her new female intern. But when the intern--rather predictably--messed up, the movie got decidedly hot. The older woman insisted that the young girl meet her that evening at her house, a house that was equipped with a full-fledged dungeon in the basement. For the next hour, June watched in slack-jawed amazement as the woman put the young girl through the kind of pleasurable tortures that she had been dreaming about lately. First she stripped the screaming girl naked and inserted a butt plug into her ass (oh yes! June knew just how lovely that felt) and then tied her facedown on a bench. Mercilessly, the executive (who remained dressed) flogged the girl with a cat o' nine tails, until her ass was a bright shade of red. As the girl lay there sobbing, the executive, who by this time was sweating profusely, peeled off her own clothes and donned an evil-looking strap-on, very similar to the one June had purchased. Screaming at the girl to get up on her knees, she began fucking her pussy relentlessly, all the while keeping the plug buried up the poor girl's behind.

June lost track of how many times she came while watching this salacious display. She seemed to almost be having one long orgasm, yet each cum only acted to heighten her pleasure. She reached a point where she only had to touch her clit briefly with her vibrating hand to bring herself off, sometimes tugging on her nipple chain as she came. Her pussy was drooling cream in a steady river that dribbled down her butt crack and onto the sheets. She thought idly that she would have to make sure and wash them before going to bed that night.
