 FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into up to 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

NEW CHAPTER(S) WILL BE SUBMITTED ALMOST DAILY. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally include a mild "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex. A number of ladies say it turns them on to picture two guys, just like girl-girl sex is arousing for many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, yet also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, these chapters could go into several categories. Please don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short All my FREE stories are written to make as many readers happy as possible, but no story is perfect for everyone. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 40: Beth Opens Carly's Eyes & Thighs

Carly was still feeling shy despite what her brother had said less 20-minutes ago. Happily, as she came up the flagstone walkway to the front door, Beth popped out of the front door to greet Carly with a warm hug followed by a kiss on the cheek which put Carly instantly at ease. Grabbing her hand, Beth dragged Carly into the kitchen where she got the same affectionate hug and kiss from Lynn. Life was good.

The girls immediately put Carly to work setting the table. Mrs. Troutman was cooking up a small feast. The women kept up their usual casual chatter, but included Carly from the git go.

"How's your Mom?" " How's her cousin doing?" Yak, yak, yak. 

In no time at all the table was laden for a hungry crew. Ravenous, Jim and Wayne appeared lickety split when called. Grace was spoken the moment everyone was seated before the vast repast. No sooner had the extended family said Amen, than the free-for-all began. It was actually a well-mannered group, but with two hungry men, and three starved young girls, platters were passed often and emptied quickly.

Three stuffed young females cleaned up after the meal. Gossip they'd never share with their parents flowed freely in hushed tones as the clean up progressed. The conversation moved to Lynn's room once the kitchen was shipshape.

Clothing, accessories, boys, and more were on the verbal menu, large portions of all were served. Carly, traditionally a tomboy, wasn't a clothes hog, but she was a female to be sure. In no time the girls were running between Lynn's closet and Beth's, trying on different combinations and accessories. Carly became the sister's life-sized Barbie Doll; Beth and Lynn insisted she try out a dozen different looks and styles. Make up went on then came off, repeatedly.

To her delight, Carly began to feel she'd found two lost sisters. At first Beth and Lynn had to almost hold her and strip her, she'd been so shy about undressing in front of them. But for the past hour, she'd been half naked more often than dressed. Apparently as cloths went on and came off again, Carly got gradually into the flow. Just now Carly was unzipping one sister, then buttoning up the other.

After admiring a low cut dress they each had, the sisters sat Carly down; they told her to wait and they'd model them for her. Beth removed her bra, then slipped into her dress. Lynn was soon back wearing hers. After spinning, twirling, and playing runway models, the girls pulled Carly to her feet, insisting Carly try them both on.

Beth removed her fancy dress first. Unexpectedly, Lynn's hands were unclasping her bra. Carly jumped, her natural shyness showed as she crossed her arms to hide her breasts.

"Hey, what's this!" Beth mockingly scolded Carly. Carly's bewilderment evoked smiles from Lynn and Beth.

Beth quickly continued, "If you're going to become our adopted little sister, you can't be so shy. Lynn and I are sex-crazed exhibitionists, no shyness is allowed when we three are together. We've all showered together at school. As I recall you have a beautiful body. You should be proud of your great figure, not embarrassed by it."

Suddenly Carly's head was spinning. Not so much from being shy, rather from having it register what Beth had said about being their 'adopted sister'. Lately Carly had been feeling like a castaway stranded on a deserted island, the people at school or church all seemed like passing ships that never spotted her signals for help. This morning Larry had nicely revived their relationship, now her childhood playmates were offering her sisterhood. She'd been happier the last few hours than she remembered feeling for a very long time.

Barely aware of Beth stepping up to her, Carly finally realized Beth was speaking to her, so Carly tried to focus.

"Now let's see what you're hiding." Beth gently gripped each forearm, then lowered them to Carly's side.

"Why, you have fantastic breasts. Boys are going to kill to get their hands on those goodies."

"Carly, you have a lovely body, you should be proud very of it." Lynn added.

Feeling somewhat disoriented, Carly closely looked at Beth and Lynn. All three girls were now wearing only panties. She noted how Beth and Lynn stood, shoulders back, like they were proud of whom they were. Both looked comfortable and relaxed. Happy... they looked happy!

Reflecting back on the day thus far, Carly had absolutely enjoyed herself since she'd arrived. No wonder she was dying to get even closer to these two girls. Pulling her shoulders back, Carly made her conical breasts point straight out. "Better?" Carly grinned sheepishly.

Moving directly into a surprised Carly, Beth hugged her, kissed her cheek, then planted a gentle, lingering kiss upon her lips.

"Good girl! So, care to be an honorary sister?"

Feeling overwhelmed, Carly struggled to compose herself. The way they girls had made her feel, like a member of their family, had left Carly desperately wanting to be part of their lives again. Her head also swam for another reason. When Beth had hugged her, Beth's breasts had mashed into Carly's. She'd felt a nearly naked human being pressed against her body for the first time!

Carly had felt the softest imaginable skin, another's women's breasts, pressed against her own; Carly had discovered it was arousing to have tender nipples brush against her nipples. When she tried to speak, Carly found she couldn't. Feeling unsteady, she looked in Lynn's direction.

"I warn you though, Beth is right about us. We are very much 'trouble looking for a place to happen' lately. But, the job is yours if you think you'd like to start hanging around together."

When Carly began looking a bit misty eyed, Lynn moved to hug the smiling Carly.

Holding her tight, Lynn gave Carly a kiss even sweeter than Beth had. Carly was near to fainting; Lynn's warmer than warm breasts seemed to burn into her own. These past few minutes had been the most erotic of her young life.

Tentatively, Carly put her arms around Lynn, then purposefully pulled Lynn still tighter to her. This time it was Carly that gave Lynn a timid kiss; it was short, but it imparted elements of all the things Carly was feeling. She laid her head on Lynn's shoulder, giving the warm body in her arms another squeeze.

Eerily, out of Lynn's smiling mouth came Carly's own thoughts. "You make a sexy armful, you feel so wonderful. Do I have to let you go?" 

After the briefest of pauses Carly murmured. "Not right away. I like having my sister holding me. This feels really, really nice."

Beth and Lynn laughed understandingly. Beth came up from behind to make it a group hug. Carly found herself the filling in a sensuous sister sandwich. Now Carly understood why boys liked girls, even she was getting excited feeling their warm bodies against hers. On top of which she felt loved and alive.

Especially the past year, Carly had thought about boys a lot. She'd stared at plenty of zippers, wondering what she'd see if only she could lower them and reach inside. Her body had been screaming for sex for several years, how many times had she imagined a hard penis in her hand as she guided her prize inside of her. She'd long dreamed about how sexy a boy's body would be, she hadn't thought much about how wonderful a girl's body might feel.

A torrent of questions and feelings flooded her. Recollections of her self-explorations, of touching herself, of masturbating surfaced. She knew how her own body felt, then why did the nearly naked girls holding her feel so... so... so different, so intriguing. She began seriously wondering how it would feel to explore another girl's body. Certainly it felt awesome when she touched her own.

Abruptly the hug ended. Carly was the center of attention as her 'sisters' set about the task of dressing her up in the robin's egg blue strapless dress. Once in the dress, they did her hair, even applied light make up. When they were satisfied, Carly was led, eyes closed, before the full-length mirror inside Beth's closet door.

"Open 'em." they chimed.

Carly was stunned, she saw a very beautiful young woman in the mirror. For the first time she fully comprehended that she WAS growing up. Carly fought back tears as the realization hit her that she was truly attractive. Boys WERE going to want her; she wasn't the ugly duckling she sometimes felt like. Carly felt wonderful, she felt sexy, attractive, more confident.

"Wow, huh? You'd have to fight the boys off if we had any around here." Lynn cooed. Hey, there's still another my pink dress to try on."

Beth and Lynn whipped up a new hairstyle and did another makeover. When they unveiled her again before the mirror Carly beamed. For good reason, she was beginning to feel pretty damned good about herself. Carly was definitely beginning to feel attractive.


During the past hour as the two older girls had fussed over her, Carly was not only feeling pleased and pampered, she was also feeling sexual stirrings. As they'd worked on her, their bared, swaying breasts had brushed against her, even hung hypnotically before her face.

The softness of their pliant, warm flesh rubbing her now and then was causing her body to react. The intimacy of spending time with this 'clothing optional' pair was helping her overcome her own inhibitions, she liked the sense freedom they shared. Slowly Carly grew to enjoy each new excuse to undress.

When they at last ran out of clothes to play with, Beth suggested riding before evening chores.

There were only two horses, so Carly doubled up with Beth on Blaze. Being a powerful Desert Arabian-Quarterhorse mix, Blaze could carry the pair all day. For nearly two hours they rode the farm roads of their 800-plus acre farm.

Beth had Carly handle the reigns, choosing to ride with her arms around Carly. As they chatted up a storm, Carly felt as if she hadn't truly spoken to another person in years. Before long she especially enjoyed the feel of Beth's arms around her waist, being held definitely fed her newly acquired sense of well being. Beth had soft hands; they felt good on her abdomen.

Chores went quickly that evening with an extra pair of hands helping. Once the farm work was finished, and after explaining about their failing hot water heater, Beth asked Carly if she wanted to shower with her and Lynn. Carly was game, after all it wasn't really much different than showering at school.

As they shared the spray, Lynn offered to wash Carly's back. It felt wonderful to Carly, having soft, soapy hands running over her back was a heaven-sent delight. Learning how great that felt, she begged to do Beth and Lynn's backs to return the favor.

Damn if it wasn't nearly as nice touching the girls as it was being touched she soon discovered. She hadn't paid much attention before today, but as they washed, Carly had to admit her new sisters were very attractive young women.

Sure enough, the hot water gave out. Shrieking, they hurriedly exited the shower to dry off.

Beth loaned Carly a skirt and blouse, they'd forgotten to warn Beth they dressed for dinner on Saturday nights. Dinner was fried chicken, mashed potatoes, beets, corn, green beans, and cherry pie for dessert; all were Carly's favorites. Like the chores, the clean up went quickly. From early Spring to late Fall, Jimmy constantly helped in the fields, so he got out of housekeeping during those busy months.

Once the last dish was dried and put away, the three sisters reconvened in Lynn's room. After a half-hour of girl talk, Carly got brave enough to ask something she'd been curious about, boys. She admitted she'd never had a date, had no prospects, and was generally depressed about it. She also admitted to wondering if Lynn or Beth had been dating.

The sisters shared their tales of woe; who they'd gone out with, how boring their dates had been, thus confirming Carly's suspicions regarding a general dearth of worthy males in the area.

Curious, Carly asked Beth, "Was is scary going out on your first date?"

"Well, no. Lynn coached me beforehand. She taught me what boys did, how they acted, what they'd tried on her. She even helped me practice kissing and stuff so I'd know what to do if I liked the boy. Have you ever really kissed a boy, Carly."

"I guess not, just my brother. What do you mean you practiced kissing? Everyone knows how to kiss." Beth and Lynn smiled knowingly.

"Well, don't they?" Carly wondered aloud.

Lynn's smile broadened. "Beth, why don't you take our little sister under your wing, teach her what you've learned. I need to finish a paper for Monday. I'll come back in an hour to check on your progress."

Walking up to Beth, Lynn gave her a kiss, then turned to Carly. "Want a hug?' Lynn asked.

"I'd like that a lot, Lynn."

Carly got to her feet. They hugged. Lynn took Carly's face in her hands, gave her a soft, lingering, sweet kiss. Lynn pressed a shade harder as she felt Carly returning her kiss after a moments hesitation.

Lynn released her face. "Enjoy your lesson. I'll see you a little later." Lynn headed out the door, closing it behind her.

Beth sat beside Carly on her comfortable, if well-worn settee.

"OK", she said. If anything makes you uncomfortable just say 'stop' and I will. If you want to know anything, anything at all, ask. I'll tell you almost anything you want to know. OK so far?"

Carly nodded.

"Great, now I'm going to scoot down a bit so you're a little taller, like a boy might be. Pretend you're the boy; give me your best kiss, like we were on a date. You OK with this 'fella'?"

"A little nervous, but OK." Carly grinned. Beth took Carly's hand, giving it a squeeze for reassurance. 

Carly bent to Beth's mouth. She was nervous, very nervous in fact; this was like a test, not to mention something 'nice girls' would never do. She wasn't exactly used to kissing ANYONE outside her immediate family, let alone a girlfriend. Yet a part of her was excited by the prospect.

Slowly but surely her lips found their mark. Before long before there was even some feeling behind her kiss. Beth's lips were very soft, ever so warm. Carly liked the way kissing Beth made her feel. When she broke their kiss, it was mainly because she just didn't know what to do next.

"That felt very nice, Carly. How about if I'm the boy, and I kiss you now?"

Looking at her toes, Carly smiled, but scooted down just a bit the way Beth had done. Beth put her left arm around Carly, her right hand lifted Carly's face, Beth leaned forward. Beginning with a series of little kisses around Carly's mouth, Beth kissed up and down her neck, then back to Carly's mouth. Beth nibbled at Carly's lips until Carly found the rhythm and responded in kind. They kissed that way until Beth began using the tip of her tongue to tease Carly lips.

Carly sighed when she felt Beth's moist breath on her face and a tongue flicking, then probing around her lips. Beth never said a word about what to do; she was making Carly tingle all over by showing her. Carly had successfully learned her first lesson; she parted her lips slightly, allowing her tongue to peek out then search for Beth's lips.

Beth retracted her tongue, content to allow Carly the time to explore. Besides, it felt so nice. When the time seemed right, Beth again sent her tongue in search of Carly's, resuming the same probing as before, but now her tongue would skim against Carly's as they licked around each other's lips. The first time her tongue made solid contact with Carly's, she felt Carly take a deep breath.

Carly's first reaction had been to pull away from the tongue-to-tongue contact, an 'oops, excuse me' type response. Then it sunk in, that was supposed to happen, that's what kissing is all about!

Once again a shy tongue tip went looking for Beth's. Tongues met, they got better acquainted. Patiently, Beth allowed Carly to get used to the potent sensations of her first French kissing. Since it wasn't all that long ago, Beth could still clearly recall her own first open mouth kiss.

When the moment seemed right, Beth flattened her tongue against Carly's. She slid against Carly's pink tongue all the way into Carly's mouth. Carly moaned, then she even put a hand behind Beth's head to pull Beth harder against her mouth. Each girl felt the other's breathing deepen. Carly was quickly becoming overwhelmed by her body's responses to the tongue exploring her mouth, for that was just what Beth was doing.

Beth was enjoying Carly immensely. Carly was sweet as honey, she tasted great, her breath was fresher than a Spring morning. It was terribly exciting for Beth to know that her tongue was the first to enter Carly's mouth.

Slowly, Beth taught Carly's tongue how to flirt, then dance with another tongue. Gradually Beth was able to coax Carly's tongue to follow hers as it retreated into Beth's mouth. Both girls got very aroused; their nipples engorged, panties became uncomfortably damp. Beth had been waiting for this all week; Carly had been waiting for this all her life.

Kissing her way to Carly's ear. Beth whispered, "When a boy gets very excited, his hands may try to touch you places you don't want him to. If you pay attention to his body language you'll probably be able to guess when he's getting ready to move. Understand."
