 If you haven't read Part 1 and are interested in doing so, then you can visit my profile and you'll find it there.

*

We had been seeing each other for two weeks. Her son had grown to like me and the three of us spent time together. After dinner he would go to bed and she would drag me to her room for a night of fun. Now that we were officially girlfriends our nights together felt more special. The kissing, fingering, clit-rubbing, breast-fondling somehow felt sacred now. Maybe I was beginning to love her.

Her husband came back at the end of July, and that meant we could no longer see each other as often as we wanted to. I was greatly disappointed, and scared of what might happen if he found out about our relationship. She kept telling me not to worry but I couldn't help being paranoid about it. 

We could only see each other on Fridays and Saturdays, because that was when he believed she was out with her friends. During the week was never an option; he would make her run errands for him at random times of the day. On Sundays they spent time together as a family. 

We were both miserable, we felt like we were in prison without each other. It was worse for her because he would push her around and insult her. The only times we felt free were when we were together in each other's arms or inside each other. 

Her bedroom was now out of bounds for me, so we either fucked in her car or in my apartment. Our sex wasn't sad but there was certainly a different feel to it. After being deprived of each other for five or six days we found each other more attractive. We wanted to absorb as much of each other's essence as we could to keep us full for the next five or six days. After our short two to three hour sessions had finished I didn't want to shower because I would lose the scent of her perfume on my skin. I was such a mess that I kept the two strands of hair she left on my pillow one night. I wanted to take a picture of the way the light from the street lamp glowed on her bare back.

She messaged me on a Sunday night telling me she might be free during the day on Tuesday. She wanted to take me shopping, and maybe spend time at her house. I knew we were going to have sex anyway, I just didn't think it would be in a changing room.

She picked me up at 11am on Tuesday. We were going to one of the best malls in the country, which was about a half hour from my apartment. She wanted to pay for everything I planned on buying, but I told her I would bring my own money.

There was a big smile on her face when I got into her car. We stared into each other's eyes for a couple seconds before she told me that she was happy to see me. I heard and felt the emotion in her voice - and Louise hardly ever showed her emotions.

She did the traditional hand on my thigh thing while she was driving to the mall. There was some traffic so we ended up reaching our destination within forty five minutes to an hour. I didn't mind because I got to spend more time with her. Most of the feminine clothing stores were suited to her taste, so naturally we spent most of the time there.

We stopped at a jewelry store along the way. I saw they were doing piercings and I got excited, but I hated pain so I stopped myself from getting a nose piercing. After looking around the store she called me over to where the rings where. She was looking at one in particular - a simple ring with a small diamond. "I'll be getting this for you - in due time," she told me. 

"Louise..."

We were staring into each other's eyes again and I was red with blushing. We were so caught up in each other that we forgot that others in the store were staring.

She held my hand while walking. I felt nervous because a couple of people were staring as they walked by us. I was a nineteen year old and she was a full grown woman in her late thirties. The hand-holding made it obvious that we weren't just friends. 

This was the second time I had really been in public with Louise. The first was at the food strip. The times we fucked in her car didn't really count because we made sure we were parked in places where no one would disturb us.

We ate in the food court and then stopped at a store I liked. While looking around in the store I found a pair of jeggings I wanted to try on. I walked to the changing rooms at the back and found that all were empty. There were three other people in the store, but they and the cashier were at the front and I don't think anyone saw us walk to the lonely end.

As I was opening the door of the changing room to the farthest end I felt Louise's hand on the door.

"I want to come in with you. It's lonely out there," she said. I turned to face her. There was the smallest smirk on her face and a glint in her eyes. I knew what that meant.

"We can't do this here," I told her.

Then she gave me the puppy face look. She was trying to coerce me but she was so cute when she did it.

I thought over the chances of us getting caught. No one saw us walk here, so no one would come looking for us here. If a customer walked over to the changing rooms there were still two empty ones. And luckily for us the changing rooms were built in a way so that if someone passed by they wouldn't be able to see our feet, so they wouldn't know that there were actually two people in there. 

"Alright, take me," I said.

She closed the door behind her and locked it. Now we were both inside.

The back wall was a mirror, and the left had a ledge for sitting or putting clothes on. She went to the ledge and rested her purse. She dug with her hand to the bottom of the bag and slowly took out the red 7 inch strap-on dildo she had used on me during our first night together.

"What the fuck Louise," I said.

She giggled. "A girl's got to be prepared."

She went over to me and started to pull my pants down. We both glanced at the pants I was supposed to try on. "Looks like that will have to wait," I said.

My pants and underwear were now off. She was cupping my pussy with her hand and rubbing. As she rubbed I was getting wetter. My nipples were getting harder and as I wasn't wearing a bra she saw them poking through my V-neck top. I backed up on the wall opposite the one with the ledge and she followed me, hungry. She pressed her body against mine the way she did in my apartment the morning after our first night together. I spread my legs slightly apart for her.

"I love how you know just what to do," she whispered in my ear.

"Take it over. Dominate it," I told her.

"I just wish I could colonize it too."

By "colonize" she meant that she wanted a penis so she could cum inside of me and possibly impregnate me. 

She got off of me and put one hand over my mouth and the thumb of her other hand on my clit. Things were about to get wild for me.

She started rubbing my clit vigourously. I was moaning through her hand. Within a few seconds I had a huge orgasm and my legs were shaking. My pussy would feel sensitive if I closed my legs now so I stayed in that position with my legs still trembling while she put on the strap on and adjusted it. Then she sat on the ledge and patted her thigh, beckoning me to come and sit there. I obeyed. 

I eased myself on her dick. I slid down on it until I had all of it in me. 

She gave my ass a pinch and told me to start. I started to slide slow up and down, my wetness and cum making it effortless. After a minute or so, she got up with me still attached to her dick. She pushed me with her pelvis towards the opposite wall and I placed the palm of my hands on it to steady myself. We were both standing and she was behind me with her hands firmly grabbing my ass. I was bent over and had my legs closed this time.

She was counting to three. I knew that meant she was going to fuck my eyeballs out. She had the stamina of an athlete.

When she said three she started fucking me at the speed of light. My ass was quaking with the contact of her pelvis. I never had this kind of sex with her while standing so I didn't know if I would be able to walk to her car afterwards without holding her hand for support. I didn't care if anyone outside was hearing the loud sound of wetness. I was enjoying this so much. It was so good that my mouth was open but no sound was coming out.

I had two more orgasms by the time she was finished with me.

"I fuck you good, don't I?" she said.

"You always do."

Our chests were heaving and we were facing each other, staring into each other's eyes, satisfied.

"We should clean up now," she said.

She pulled some napkins out of her purse. I took them and wiped myself while she wiped the dildo.

I had almost forgot about the pants I was supposed to try on. She handed it to me. I put on my underwear and I pulled the pants on.

"Nice," she said, looking at my ass.

It was comfortable and I liked the pattern, so I decided to buy it. I took it off and attached it back to the hanger and then put on my usual pants and we stepped outside.

The store was still pretty much empty. There was only one customer looking around now. I wasn't sure how long we had been in there, or if anyone could have heard us. Louise checked the time and it was 2:30. "We couldn't have been in there longer than 15 minutes," she said. "I could have sworn it was an hour, because of how much fun we were having," I said. We both laughed a little.

We walked to the counter where the cashier was and she offered to pay for me. I told her no, but she insisted.

We were walking on the first floor of the mall where we stopped by a stall selling popcorn and sweets. I knew she loved sweets so she was definitely going to buy something. She loved everything there but she ended up settling on a couple bags of gulab jamun, one for each of us.

We found a bench to sit and eat. While we were eating she moved one towards my mouth and I took a bite. I did the same to her and we continued feeding each other until there was none left. 

It was a little after 3:00 and we decided to leave. When we got back in her car she checked her phone and she gasped.

"What is it?" I asked.

"He was calling me but my phone was in my purse and on silent so I missed it. He hates when I miss his calls."

"Does he know you're here?"

"No. But I'll have to call him back."

When he answered I heard his angry voice booming at her from where I was. She didn't scream back at him, but from how her voice sounded I could tell she was trying her best to be patient with him.

"My phone was on silent." I heard her say to him.

"And why was it on silent?" He asked.

"I can't remember why."

There was a pause, and then he said: "I'll be home tonight around nine. You better not be doing anything you're not supposed to be doing."

And then he hung up.

"What did he mean by that last part?" I asked.

"He suspected that I'm cheating." she said in a low voice. She was annoyed and angry. 

The sun shone into the car with all its power. It was so hot that the air conditioning in the car didn't help much. She set it to the coldest temperature and we just sat there parked for a while, not saying a word to each other. I felt a bit awkward but I didn't want to annoy her further by asking questions. I was attuned to her and as time passed I sensed her mood changing. She was trying to calm herself before she started to drive. Suddenly she released the handbrake and shifted to drive. We came out of the parking lot and were back on the highway.

While on the highway she told me about how he came to suspect her. When he came back after his trip he wanted to have sex with her every night for a week, but every night she refused him. He started questioning her about her feelings for him but she never answered. He was generally angrier than before the trip because he wasn't getting he wanted from her. They were getting into arguments more often, and he even slapped her a couple times. To make things worse, he would make her run errands throughout the day for him and he limited her freedom.

My fists were clenched by the time she finished.

"Can't you tell him no?" I asked.

"It's not that simple. I...I'm scared of him."

I was surprised Louise was actually scared of someone. And it was her own husband.

We were getting closer to my apartment. She wanted me to stay by her. She told me it was just going to be she and her son at her house, and she didn't have any plans for the rest of the evening.

I agreed, and I sensed her mood brighten a little.

We reached her house at 4:15. It was cool now, so we spent some time in her verandah. That was when she said she wanted to try something new with me.

I asked her what it was and she grabbed my ass. She was back to her usual self now.

"The other hole," she told me.

She slid her finger up my crack. 

"Um, I don't know..." I said, my face red.

"You ever finger yourself there?"

I told her yes, and that I didn't like it.

"Oh, that's too bad. I like it a lot. You want to try on the strap on this evening?" she was looking at me with those big beautiful eyes.

Later that evening, around 5:30, we were in her bedroom getting ready. The dull light filtered through the blinds as I was adjusting the strap on and she was on the bed fingering herself. She was using coconut oil as a lubricant. She was on her hands and knees and I could see her anus was slightly bigger than normal.

"I'm ready baby," she said enthusiastically.

The strap on felt strange, I didn't know if I could get used to it. I got on the bed behind her. Her ass was facing me and it looked lovely at this angle.

I eased my dick into her hole until she swallowed it. 

"Yes," she whispered.

I had my hands on her ass and I was fucking her slow. She was moaning in satisfaction. I guess I could get used to it.

"Mmm how about you go a little faster honey?" she said.

I gripped her tight and gave her what she wanted. I was going progressively faster until I was fucking her the hardest I could. The bed was shaking violently. She was moaning loud and saying "I love it baby" in between.

I loved satisfying her. Hearing her moan was the motivation for me to do my best.

It felt better to give than receive.

When I was finished she dropped stomach first on her pillow. As she was lying down I took off the strap on and went to wash it in her bathroom sink.

When I came back into her room she was wrapping a towel around her body.

"I'm going to wash off in the shower and then fix a bubble bath. Come join me when you're ready. Oh and, if you want, there's wine in the kitchen fridge. You can bring that and glasses for the both of us."

She walked into the bathroom and I heard her turn on the shower. I put the strap on in the drawer she always kept it in and picked up my clothes from the floor. I dressed and went to the kitchen.

I took out the white Zinfandel wine from the fridge and two wine glasses that were part of a collection standing next to the dish rack. As I turned to go I saw her son standing at the foot of the kitchen.

"So what do you and my mom do anyway?" he asked.

"Mostly just talk. Maybe do each other's nails and stuff. You know, girl things." I was glad her room was sound proof.

"Oh, okay." Then he went back to his room.

Louise and I were in the jacuzzi, sipping wine. Our naked bodies were cuddled next to each other under all the bubbles. 

"You're starting school again just now," she said.

"Please don't remind me. I hate school. I always did."

"Just focus on your work, and things should run smoothly."

"I guess. But I just want to be with you all day."

"You know that can't happen. At least not now."

"Then when?"

"We'll be free eventually. It will take a while but we'll get there."

"What are you talking about Louise?"

"I'm going to divorce him. I made up my mind. And you helped me do it. In more ways than you know."

"Are you scared?"

"Yes. Very. But it's what I want. And need."

She turned to face me. "You know I love you. And I know I'm going to love you for a very long time."

She kissed my lips. In return I stroked her breasts under the bubbles. She kissed me again, this time taking my bottom lip between hers.

Kissing in this way was the most intimate physical act we could ever do.

She stuck her tongue in my mouth and danced around. My tongue accompanied hers in dancing. Then I opened my mouth and dived into hers.

We must have been kissing for five minutes when I felt her hand slide from my thigh and on to my pussy. I instinctively opened my legs and she smiled.

She moved from where she was and set herself between my legs. She leaned over so her face was closer to mine. Easing the index and middle fingers of her right hand into my pussy, she placed her left hand on the cliff on the jacuzzi next to me.

She didn't start off slow this time. She went ahead and gave me her hardest while looking directly into my eyes and never turning away. I could tell she was turned on from seeing my facial expressions.

"Tell me you'll never leave me," she said.

"I'll never leave you."

"Good girl."

I was about to get an orgasm in the water. When it came I jolted and my knees were now above the water. I lay my head back, breathing hard. Then we both laughed, looked at each other, and I pounced on her, once again diving my mouth into hers. We were now in the middle of the jacuzzi with my legs and arms wrapped around her, while her hands were on my back. The kissing was vigourous and messy. By the time we were finished we had to wipe the saliva off.

It was 7:00 when we got out of the jacuzzi. We wiped our bodies and were on the bed naked, facing each other.

"I'll have to drop you back now. I just wish we could have spent more time together," she said.

Her husband was supposed to come back at nine. Now was the perfect time to leave if she had to get back before then.

She got into a t-shirt and jeans and I wore my clothes from earlier. We made sure to move the wine and glasses from near the jacuzzi so he wouldn't have evidence against her. 

But I made a mistake that night. I forgot to pick up my bag with the pants I bought. I had left it in their room. She would been caught if she hadn't moved it into her side of the closet before he entered the room.

There was a moderate amount of traffic on the road, so we got to my apartment smoothly at 7:45.

When we got to the building she came out with me and gave me a tight hug with a kiss on my cheek.

"Study. Don't slack off," she said, stroking my hair.

My classes were starting on Monday. I wouldn't be seeing her on the weekend because on Friday he was taking her out for dinner and on Saturday she had a friend's birthday party to attend to.

She released me, squeezed my hand, gave me a quick kiss on the lips and got back to her car.

In my apartment that night I did my nails in her favourite colour - silver. I would look at them and wait for my phone to vibrate - but there were no messages from her that night.

I sent her a couple of messages over the next three days, but I hadn't heard from her. I couldn't hear from her on Facebook either because she had deactivated a while back. I felt hurt and didn't want to believe that she was ignoring me.

On Friday evening my parents called me and said that they were taking me to a birthday party the next day. They thought I was bored and needed to go out. Since it was them I didn't really have much of a choice anyway.

It was the kind of birthday party I had to dress up for, which was discouraging. I really didn't want to go and thought I'd just drink my way through it.

On Saturday afternoon they came to my building to drop off my black dress that they brought from home and waited for me to get ready. I came downstairs after fifteen minutes and we drove to the place.

It took about an hour and a half to get there. It was on the other side of the country, not far from my house. Along the way I wondered if it was the same party Louise was going to, and that got me excited.
