 Note: All characters are above 25 years of age.

*****

It was a long day, I was tired of work, love and life in general. Just wanted to go home and soak in a bath tub filled with hot water and vanilla bath oils. I was headed towards the elevator, ready to leave work when my boss approached me. 

"Megan, I want you to attend a party at my house tonight, all our clients are going to be there, it will be a good opportunity for you to meet them and get acquainted. I will text you my address, be there by 8:00 PM." 

I couldn't say no to him since he was my boss. (How obvious is that) but I knew I really wasn't in the mood to attend a party. There were a lot of things going on in my mind and I didn't know what to do. I had just recently broken up with my girlfriend and was trying to recover from it. It wasn't a long relationship but it did mean a lot to me. 

I got home by 7:00 PM and with only an hour to go I didn't have much time to leisurely lie in the tub. So I took a quick shower and decided on the clothes. It wasn't as hard since I am ok with either girly or tomboyish look. Some would call a person like me an "Andro". But lately I was leaning more towards the tomboyish look so I decided to wear a pair of jeans and blazer. 

My black hair were small and easy to manage, they went well with my black eyes. It was a good thing I loved to workout, otherwise my eating habits would have made sure I gained more weight each day. Lately hadn't been able to do any working out thanks to a broken heart and depression. 

My boss had messaged me his address and it wasn't hard to find. He belonged to one of the richest family in Hamilton and their estate is well known by all. I took the cab since I didn't have a car and reached there in about 20 minutes. 

The house was a huge mansion as expected surrounded by gardens on all side. It had a 19th century castle thing going on. At the door a gentleman in a suit was greeting the guests and inviting them in. 

I reached the door and he asked my name to check if I was invited. You see my appearance might have confused the fine man and made him wonder whether this girl/boy (since my appearance was deceiving) was invited to this high class event. He finally found my name and read it out loud as if was reassuring himself. 

The house was beautifully decorated with wooden furniture, silky drapes and flowers everywhere. I spotted a few people from my office who I knew and walked towards them. They were as stunned as me to be a part of such an event. Various scenarios kept crossing our minds but before we could come to any conclusion our boss walked up towards us and greeted us. 

"Welcome everyone, I hope you are enjoying the party. Please help yourselves to some appetizers and drinks. Later I want you all to meet some of our esteemed clients." 

With that said he left us and signaled the waiter to serve us some food and drinks. We all stood there casually talking and enjoying the party. I wasn't really enjoying but they didn't have to know that. 

My glass was empty and I wanted to keep it down but I couldn't find any waiters so I looked around for a side table or something to place the glass on. Finally I found a table near the corridor and walked towards it. A woman in a red dress raced out of the corridor and before realizing crashed into me and we both fell. 

I got up and helped her get up and when she looked at me I couldn't help but stare. She had the most beautiful hazelnut eyes but they seemed upset, as if she was crying. I didn't realize I was still holding her hand until she tried to move away from me. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't see you there." she said with a weak voice. 

"It's alright, I should have paid more attention too, by the way I'm Megan" 

"Claire"

"Are you ok Claire? Where you in a hurry to go somewhere?"

"I..umm I was just leaving." she said hesitantly.

"Why is that? Are you not having fun?" After a moment of silence I realized maybe she didn't want to discuss her problems with a complete stranger. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to ..." but before I could finish my sentence she broke down and started crying. 

My protective instincts kicked in and I quickly pulled her in my arms and hugged her in an attempt to soothe her pain and calm her down. 

"It's alright, you don't have to tell me anything you don't want to. But I am here for you if you feel like talking." 

She looked up in my eyes and I could sense her pain, it felt familiar. 

"Could we go somewhere private? I don't feel comfortable being around people right now."

I looked around to find a room where we can sit and talk in private. Since there were no empty rooms on the ground floor we went upstairs and the first door I opened was a small bedroom. It had a huge bed in the middle and a sitting area facing the balcony. We sat down on the big couch and I asked her if she needed anything to drink. 

"No, I am ok."

"Do you want to talk about what is bothering you?" I asked hesitantly. 

"I'm not sure."

We stared into each other's eyes for a few minutes without talking. She must have seen a similar pain in mine which made her open up to me. 

"I don't know where to begin... yesterday I was a happily married woman and today I am a woman with a husband who cheated on her. I thought we were in love and nothing bad could ever happen to us. I thought he was happy with me. Then why did he cheat? Why would he hurt me like this?"

Her voice was angrier now, her questions weren't meant for me but I felt I needed to console her.

"I don't know why people do such things, they get selfish I think and don't even realize that their actions can hurt someone" I tried to explain the best way I could.

"Have you had your heart broken too?" She enquired.

"Yes. In a very similar manner. But we weren't married. I did love her dearly though"

"Oh.. I see"

Again we just stared into each other's eyes. She moved closer and hugged me, I could feel her heartbeat against mine. Until that moment I didn't realize that she was turning me on. I know this wasn't the right time or place but I never felt this way about anyone. 

I never sleep around or cheated on any of my partners, dated at least two months before getting physical. For some reason this whole thing was driving me crazy. 

To be honest I did find Claire incredibly hot, her body had all the right curves, but she wasn't on the heavy side, her skin was soft and smooth, the dress she was wearing barely covered her long sexy legs. I could feel her soft breasts against me when she hugged, I pulled her closer and sort of squeezed her body against mine. 

I didn't know what took over me but I started nibbling on her neck. She pulled away from me and was stunned. She got up and stood against the small study table facing me, her hands resting behind her on the table. I got up and in front of her, cornering her at the table. 

I went closer and whispered in her ear, "if you want me to stop, just say so and I will". 

I started kissing below her ears and sucking occasionally. She didn't ask me to stop, which was a good thing and it also encouraged me to go further. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her body closer to mine while sucking on her neck more hungrily. 

I kept alternating between kissing and sucking and developed a rhythm. Every time I bit her, a soft moan escaped her lips. She started to enjoy it just as much as I was, she tried holding my head with both her hands and pull me towards her lips. I kissed her neck all the way up to her lips, but before I could do anything her lips took control and started sucking on mine. I opened my mouth and her tongue darted in, licking and sucking everything in its path. 

I grabbed her by the waist and sat her on the table, spreading her legs and wrapping them around me. By this time her clothes were almost over her head and on the floor while she still struggled to get my shirt off. 

I quickly removed her bra and focused my attention on her breasts. She had the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen, plump and soft with a cute little pink nipple. Without any hesitation I attacked her breasts with my mouth and sucked on them hard, massaging them with both my hands. 

I took a nipple in my mouth and bit it gently and sucked on it softly, my hands kept squeezing her other breast and pinching her nipple occasionally. 

Her breathing was shallow and deep, every time I bit her nipple she would hold her breath and let out a moan. My assault on her breasts was driving her crazy, she grabbed my hand and directed it towards her most sensitive organ that craved for attention.  

But I obviously was in a mood to tease, so I grabbed her hand and held it behind her while my mouth sucked on her breasts and left hickeys all over. After what seemed like eternity (to her) I let go of her hand and kissed my way down to her thighs. 

I laid her on the table and spread her legs wide, took off her sexy little panties and threw them aside. Her pussy was moist and dripping with anticipation. I placed both my hands under her knees and spread her legs wider apart to have a full view of her sexy body. Slowly I started kissing her calves and worked my way up to her inner thigh. 

At this point she was getting really frustrated and started twisting her nipples and massaging her breasts. I on the other hand was enjoying teasing her and making her squirm. I got close to her pussy but not too close and started licking on the sensitive skin around it. 

Hard licks from top to bottom while sucking on it on various sensitive spots. Finally I knelt down and came face to face with her moist sweet pussy. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers to reveal her clit and gently started sucking on it. The moment my mouth touched her clit she screamed in pleasure, it almost felt like a mini orgasm. 

I continued sucking on it and slowly slid a finger inside her dripping wet pussy. She grabbed my hair with both hands and tried to push my mouth closer, but I wouldn't budge, I took my time and teased her as much as I wanted. Now two fingers were inside her and my inner animal had awoken from its sleep, I wanted to fuck her hard, be deep inside her, make her scream my name. I started licking her clit more aggressively and pumped my fingers in her pussy harder and faster. 

It wasn't long before she came and held my head tight against her pulsating pussy until her orgasm subsided. I got up and pulled her off the desk, picked her up in my arms and plopped her on the bed. Within a few minutes my clothes were off my body and I jumped on top of her. My body was burning up with desire and lust. I held her hands above her head and started kissing her hungrily, I spread her legs with mine and started rubbing my pussy against hers. 

Ours entire bodies were rubbing against each other and the friction was making me crazy wet. I humped her pussy hard and alternated with slow rubs and harder pumps. The entire time my mouth engulfed hers and sucked her lips hard, she would suck on my tongue and bite on it, driving me even crazier. A few more hard rubs and I came hard and she came with me, our moans being absorbed in each other mouths and our bodies electrified by the whole experience.

I got off her and laid right next to her, looking into those beautiful eyes, which looked right back at me. I pulled her in my arms and lazily kissed her lips. After the excitement subsided our rational minds took over and left us in a state of panic. We never meant for this to happen but it did, and we didn't know what to do about it. An awkward silence was filling the room when finally Claire spoke,

"I should be going, they might wonder where I went"

"Yeah, I should go too."

"Megan? Have you ever done anything like this before?" she asked as she wore her clothes.

"No. this was the first time, I don't know what took over me, and I have never felt this way about anyone in my entire life." 

"Neither have I" she confessed. 

"Maybe there was a reason this happened. All I know right now is that I don't want this to be our only memory."

After wearing my clothes I walk up to her and hold her in my arms.

"I want more of you Claire. I want to get to know you, to be able to touch you, to be close to you."

"Megan, I am not like this, I am not like you, lesbian I mean, I have no idea why I couldn't control myself with you. And if that wasn't enough, I have a cheating husband. I cannot deal with all of this right now. Please try and understand."

"I understand, but I can't just let you go, I felt a strong fire inside of me today, for the first time, and it was for you and only you."

"I know what you mean, I felt it too, but ..."

Before she could say anything I placed my lips on hers and started kissing her passionately. It was a deep kiss, hard and yet soft, I massaged her tongue with mine and sucked on it. My hands started roaming on her body again. I wanted to rip her clothes off and make love to her all over. And it wasn't one sided, she was kissing me back just as passionately, her body holding onto mine tightly. 

We parted just for a minute and she confessed,

"I don't want this to end either"

And we started kissing again, more hungrily getting greedy by the minute, wanting more of each other. 

Suddenly the door opens and my boss is standing in the doorway.

"What is going on here?"

We turn towards the voice and Claire is stunned and shocked, the only words that come out of her mouth were,

"Dad!" 

... To be continued...

*****

Story edited by AstroFlame.