 Prologue: Megan and Claire (who is married and going through a rough time in her relationship) were caught making out by Megan's boss who also happens to be Claire's father. 

Three months had passed since Megan had seen Claire. Not a single day went by when she didn't think about Claire and what had happened between them. Her boss did not give her much grief for what he saw that day, he simply wanted his daughter to be happy.

When he found out about his son in law consistently cheating on his daughter, he urged Claire to file for a divorce as they had already tried counselling but there were no improvements in their relationship whatsoever. 

After the divorce got finalized Claire decided to travel and put the past behind her. Megan on the other hand was left with more questions than answers. She wanted to know how Claire felt about what happened between them but Claire didn't want to deal with the things that had happened that day. She asked Megan to give her some time to sort her life out and figure a few things out on her own. 

It was a dark cloudy day and Megan reached work feeling already tired and lazy, she sat at her desk going through her files taking twice as much time it would usually take her. Her assistant called her up to inform regarding a meeting being held in the next 1 hour. Megan was in no mood to attend but she were informed that major announcements will made during the meeting, making it compulsory for all managers to attend. She gathered her files, checked her e-mail and went through her phone to see if she had any important texts and finally got up and left for the meeting. 

All managers were gathering in the conference room, every department head was present and they all seem to be gossiping about something. Megan turned to Mr. Winslow who was the head of billing and asked him what was going on and what the sudden meeting was all about.

"I heard a new CFO has been appointed. All our departments are going to be under the new guy, I hope it's not some smartass from Harvard or Yale, I hate those ego maniacs."

At that moment Megan realized the position was previously occupied by Claire's ex-husband, it was obvious why he might have gotten fired.

Mr. Winslow continued, "I heard Ed was having an affair with his secretary, some cliché huh? His wife found out and kicked his cheating ass out the house. Good for her, woman don't need men like him, even more so when they are hot like her."

Megan felt angry at his remark about Claire being hot. She didn't like the idea of other people fantasizing about Claire. On the other had she was confused why she felt that way, she and Claire only had one encounter and they barely got to talk after. She had no clue why her feelings were getting so strong towards Claire, why she felt the need to be with Claire.

Megan was so lost in thought that she did not realize that her boss had already started the meeting. She cleared her head and tried to focus on what was being discussed.

"I want to thank you all for making time to attend this meeting, I have an important and good news to share with all of you, as you all know that our CFO Mr. Ed Hooper has left the organization and the reasons for the same are known to you all, but putting all that in the past we will move forward and in order to do that we need a new CFO."

All the employees were looking at Mr. Theodor as he explained the reason for the meeting. He paused for a moment, smiled and continued to speak,

"I am more than pleased to introduce our new CFO" he pauses again and points at the door which was right across him, "my daughter, Claire."

Megan could not believe what she was hearing, her heart suddenly started to beat faster, she was not sure if should turn around and look. It had been three months since she had seen Claire, but her face remained fresh in Megan's memory. Everyone started applauding as Claire entered the room, she walked to the podium where her father stood and hugged him. Megan was still not sure what to do, she started staring at her files, afraid to lift her head up and see Claire.

"Claire is more than qualified for the job and has worked with us in the past as most of you are aware of. She needed a break but now she is back to take over her responsibilities." Continued Mr. Theodor. 

"Thank you father for the kind words. I hope that all of you would enjoy working with me and hopefully I would get to learn a lot from your experiences too." Claire spoke softly but confidently.

Hearing Claire's voice Megan could not stop herself from lifting her head and looking right at Claire. To her surprise Claire was looking right back at her, she looked lovely, her cheeks had a rosy blush on them, and she had this contagious naughty smile on her face that made Megan smile too. They both stared into each other eyes disregarding the people around them, lost in their own little world. 

Mr. Theodor started speaking again, "Claire will be taking care of many departments which include accounts, logistics, IT, finance and strategy. I expect all the department heads to work closely with Claire and get her up to date with the current activities."

Claire diverted her attention to the rest of the employees and said, "My assistant will be in touch with all of you regarding a one on one sessions with each department head." She looked at Megan with that devilish smile and said, "I will begin with the strategy department, I hope that's ok Megan?" 

At that point Megan was dumbfounded and could only nod her head in response to the question directed at her. 

The meeting was dismissed and Claire was greeted by all the employees, she shook everyone's hand and finally turned towards Megan. The smile on her face was driving Megan crazy, she wanted to kiss those lips, those red luscious lips, teasing her. She didn't realize she was staring at Claire's lips until Claire intentionally licked them slowly with her tongue. Megan looked at Claire with surprise, she had to control the urge to grab Megan and kiss her hard instead she just shook Claire's hand and looked away. 

Once everyone left the meeting room Claire asked her assistant to arrange the first meeting with Megan. She wanted to sort out their situation but wasn't sure how. After meeting Megan her life had turned upside down, more than her marriage falling apart she had thought about Megan on her trip abroad. Her brain and heart struggled to figure out why she felt so attracted to Megan, was it just sex? But if it was that, then she wouldn't have missed Megan the way she did in the last three months. Up until she met Megan there was no doubt in her mind that she was straight but now she wasn't sure anymore. 

The way she felt for Megan was stronger and more passionate than she had ever felt for any guy. Claire struggled for months trying to figure it out and finally gave up and came back home. Her decision to work with her father again was inspired only to get close to Megan and she simply didn't understand why she was acting like a teenager, acting irrational and childish, wanting to be with Megan in one moment and in the other wanting to run away. 

Claire stood in her office, near the window, staring at the empty sky when she heard a knock on the door. 

"Come in" she said without turning.

"You wanted to see me?" It was Megan.

Claire let out an audible sigh, her mind was racing, and she turned around and looked right at Megan.

"Yes, I wanted to discuss some things with you, please have a seat" Claire said pointing at the sofa in her sitting area.

Megan had a few questions of her own she wanted to ask Claire but wasn't sure if this was the right place or time to ask them. She sat across Claire and stared at the floor, her hands clutching on the files she was carrying. Claire was the first one to talk.

"How have you been?"

Megan didn't know what to say, should she tell Claire how much she missed her, how much she thought about her, about them. She feared Claire might not want to talk or see her again if she wasn't comfortable with that discussion so she avoided it altogether and replied,"I've seen better days. How was your trip?"

"It was ok. Meg, may I call you Meg?" she continued without waiting for Megan to reply, "I do not want to beat around the bush, I was very vulnerable that day when we first met and what happened between us... Though I do not regret it, can't happen again. I am straight, at least I think I am, and I can't get into a relationship with you without being 100% sure myself."

Hearing the word "relationship" a smile spread across Megan's face, now she knew that it wasn't just her who was thinking about that day. She realized Claire had given an equal amount of thought to it. Claire saw the smile on Megan's face and couldn't help but smile herself. She got up from her seat and sat next to Megan.

"Why are you smiling?" she asked.

"I just feel happy that I wasn't the only one going crazy thinking about what happened. I knew you were going through a rough time and figured I would be the last thing on your mind. But I am glad you are thinking about it, I mean about us. You can take as much time as you need and when you are ready to discuss it further, I will be right here." 

Claire felt relieved and happy at Megan's remark. In her excitement she kissed Megan on the cheek, but the moment she realized what had happened she felt embarrassed and her own cheeks turned red. Megan on the other hand was enjoying the red blush on Claire's face and decided to further brighten it by kissing Claire on the cheek, very slowly and gently.

"I hope we can be friends. There are a lot of things that I want to know about you and about being gay, and for some reason I feel very comfortable talking to you. There is no one else I can share these feelings with." Claire said with a sweet smile on her face.

"Sure, I am here for you. Was this all you wanted to talk about?" Megan asked.

"Mostly yes, I didn't want you to think that I misused you under certain circumstances. What happened between us meant something to me, it made me realize things that I didn't know about myself. I also realized that I really like you, but I am not sure about all of this at this moment in time." Claire clarified.

"So you are asking me to wait for you?" Megan asked again.

"I guess in a way. But I would understand if you didn't want to."

"I can wait, what happened between us meant something to me too. If you don't mind can I suggest something?"

"Sure, go ahead"

"Instead of running away from me and trying to figure things out by yourself maybe you should spend more time with me. It might help you realize things faster before anyone gets emotionally attached or something."

"You mean like date you?"

"Yes, like dating, we can go out, watch a movie, have dinner and you can get to know me better. I can even take you to some rad lesbian clubs" Megan winked at Claire making her giggle. "It might help sort out your reservations about being gay too and most importantly I won't have to stay away from you."

Claire was starting to like the idea, she thought there was no harm in going out with Megan, then why the hell not.

"But no funny business!" Claire announced with a huge grin on her face. 

"Well that's a grey area, we can discuss it over dinner tonight." Megan responded acting cool. 

They both laughed and suddenly the atmosphere in the room had changed, it no longer felt heavy and cloudy but more casual and friendly. 

"Alright then, I'll be leaving now, be ready at 8, will come get you for dinner" Megan said will getting ready to leave. 

"I'll be waiting" Claire said, smiling uncontrollably.

They went on with their work but the time didn't seem to go fast enough. Both of them kept looking at their watches waiting for the hand to strike 8. Even while working Megan couldn't stop thinking about the conversation she had with Claire. The way it began scared Megan, she thought Claire might never accept things and try to avoid being around her altogether. But by the end of it they both were happy how things turned out, it didn't seems complicated at all.

Finally it was 8, Megan packed her stuff and ran towards the elevator. She pressed the button and waited. Even waiting for the elevator seemed to bother Megan, she wanted to be with Claire again and anything that came in the way of it annoyed her. The elevator doors opened and Megan was more than happy to see Claire in it. 

"I thought I was going to pick you up" Megan said while getting in the elevator.

"I figured it would be faster if I came to you" Claire replied. 

The both were smiling from ear to ear and it seemed almost familiar for them to be together as a couple. They stood there in silence, looking everywhere except each other. The sexual tension was as clear as day but neither of them wanted to do something that might scare the other person off. They finally reached the ground floor, Claire's driver was waiting for her at the entrance with the car. 

They decided to go to an Italian restaurant near the lake, it was a quiet place with in house music. They took the corner table near the balcony overlooking the lake, the full moon was visible in the clear sky. Everything about the restaurant screamed romantic, their dining room had beautiful flowers in each corner, beautiful female servers, soft violin played by an artist. 

Megan would peek from her menu to look at Claire and every time she did, Claire was staring right back at her. They were acting like teenagers on their first date. They ordered some red wine and food. They got along well, their conversations were meaningful and funny. They had no idea how the time went by and it was almost time to leave.

Claire offered to drop Megan off at her home and Megan readily agreed. They talked throughout the drive home and still didn't seem to get enough of one another. The car stopped in front of Megan's building, they said their good byes and Megan almost left the car but suddenly turned back and asked Claire if she could get a goodnight kiss. Claire just stared at Megan without giving any response, Megan moved in and kissed Claire's lips. She lingered on them for a few minutes, sucking on Claire's lower lip and then moved back a little and tried to assess Claire's reaction.

The moment their lips had met a huge bolt of electricity went through Claire's body. She held Megan's face in her palms and pulled her closer for another kiss. This time the kiss was more intense, more passionate. Claire was kissing more aggressively, she even bit on Megan's lower lip hard enough to leave a mark. Their lips parted and tongues started exploring, it was getting intense. Finally Claire let go in order to catch their breath but her hands were still on Megan's cheeks. She was enjoying the warmth of Megan's skin, it felt good to be so close to her, to be able to kiss her if she wanted, bite and nibble on those soft lips. Claire stole one last short kiss and finally let go of Megan. Eventually Megan got out of the car and headed towards her apartment, she had a huge grin on her face, and she recapped the entire day in her mind which made her realize that she hadn't felt this good in a long time.

A week had passed, both Megan and Claire were enjoying getting to know each other. They would meet every day for lunch and sometimes for dinner. Claire was starting to realize that she liked being with Megan, the feelings were undefinable. Initially she thought it was just the physical attraction but later came to realize that even when they weren't having sex or kissing, she simply loved being with Megan. The way she talked, smiled, looked at Claire, everything she did made Claire skip a heartbeat. Claire even started having wet dreams about them. One of her dreams even involved restraints and a paddle, but that wasn't even the weird part, the weird part was that Claire saw herself as the dominant. She had always enjoyed being the passive one in bed, but Megan had awoken some strong feelings in Claire that she no longer could contain, even more so after having the vivid dream. She decided to call Megan home for dinner that night, hoping to get her hands on Megan's sexy body.

Megan had graciously accepted the invitation and offered to bring wine. The moment Claire invited her the first thought in Megan's mind was sex. She knew they were going to be alone, without any restrictions, it would be very difficult to control themselves from getting physical. She decided to be prepared either way, so she got home and took a long shower. Megan usually preferred wearing tomboyish clothes, but today decided to wear a dress. Her body was petite but she had curves in all the right places. She wore light makeup and got ready to leave. Claire had sent the driver to pick her up, he was waiting in front of Megan's building.

Claire was jumping around the house trying to get everything ready. 

She had prepared Italian cuisine for her dinner date with Megan. She couldn't sit or stand still due to all the excitement and anticipation for tonight's date. She was in her bedroom checking herself in the mirror one last time before Megan arrived. Unlike Megan she decided to wear jeans and a casual t-shirt. She checked her night stand to make sure the handcuffs were in place. Claire had been to a sex toy shop before coming home to get all the things she needed for tonight. Along with the handcuffs she bought a blind fold, a soft paddle, a strap on with an 8 inch vibrator, cherry flavored lube and some liquid dark chocolate. It was going to be a long night and Megan had no idea what was going to happen. 

After a long wait Megan finally arrived, Claire greeted her with a peck on both cheeks. They sat in the living room and opened the bottle of wine Megan got for them. Claire severed a plate of cheese and fruits to go with the wine. They sat facing each other on the huge couch, sipping their wine and discussing their day. After half an hour or so they decided to have dinner, Claire lead the way to the dining room. They ate and talked about a lot of things including Megan's ex- girlfriends and Claire's ex- boyfriends. They felt really comfortable sharing their life stories with each other. After dinner they went back to the living room and sat on the couch really close to each other having their tiramisu chocolate mousse. While eating Claire said something funny which made Claire smudge a little of the mousse on the corner of her lips. She was about to clean it when Claire stopped and asked if she could do it instead.

She placed her dessert on the coffee table and leaned in towards Megan. She licked the chocolate off with her tongue then placed her hand on the other side of Megan's cheek to turn her head so Megan's lips would be directly in front of hers. She kissed Megan softly, tasting the sweetness and feeling the softness on warmth of her lips. Since Megan still had her dessert in her hand she couldn't hold on to Claire and kiss her harder. Claire sensed the slight awkwardness and paused for a second to let Megan free her hands. Claire quickly grabbed Megan's face again with her palm and pulled her in closer for an aggressive kiss. Megan was a little surprised by Claire's approach but was enjoying it none the less. 

Claire started sucking on Megan's lower lip, she would suck hard then gently bite before letting go of the lip. Their tongues started exploring, Megan started sucking on Claire's tongue but Claire wanted to take control, so she pulled her tongue out and then darted it back in Megan's mouth catching her off guard and taking control of Megan's tongue. She sucked Megan's tongue into her own mouth and slowly started sucking and occasionally biting. After 15- 20 minutes they paused to take a breath, both were smiling at each other devilishly. 

"I am surprised to see your enthusiasm today" Megan said to Claire.
