 Hi. This is a new series I hope to continue. I'll leave a comment on this with my thoughts and what I want this series to be. As usual leave a comment or give feedback if you have criticisms etc. Sorry for the wait!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Natalie double checked that the hallway was empty, then deftly slipped through the bathroom door. She looked under each stall to make sure none of them were in use. It was silly to check, really; this was the least used hallway of the least used building on the whole campus. Not once in her two months of school had she seen someone come anywhere near here. Stepping into a stall, she plugged in her earbuds, dropped her pants, opened her favorite porn site, and went to town.

Several minutes and one deeply satisfying orgasm later, Natalia walked out of the stall, only to be immediately frozen in place. There was a girl standing in front of her. She looked about 18, wearing a black tank top and skinny jeans. Her brown hair fell in two neat braids, each ending just above her small breasts. And she was holding a phone, the camera aimed right at Natalie. "Smile, you're on camera!" the girl said with a grin.

Natalie didn't move. What the fuck? How long has she been there? she thought to herself. Oh God, I must've not heard her come in since I had headphones in. Was I moaning? I think I was moaning. Why is she filming? Oh god oh god oh god. She managed to utter a simple "What the fuck?"

The girl stopped filming and put her phone away. "Thanks for the show! That was hot. Here, lemme see your phone. I want to know what you were getting off to."

Fuck. She was there the whole time. Natalie remained silent as she tried to process the situation.

"Come on, a girl can't ask to see your porn? Here, I'll link you some of mine in return."

"I, uhh..." Natalie stammered. Just leave she thought, and she headed for the door.

"Nuh uh-uh," the girl said, moving to stand in her way. "If you leave too soon I might have to send this awesome video out to everyone. Post it in the campus group chats, all that. You moaned pretty loud too, it must've been fun." She stuck out her hand. "I'll ask again. Let me see your phone."

Natalie was bewildered by what this girl was asking. Maybe she just wants to steal my stuff? I'm okay with that if she doesn't post anything of me. "If I give you my phone, will you let me go?"

"If you unlock your phone and hand it to me, we can negotiate how you'll get out of this bathroom."

That didn't sound too reassuring, but Natalie didn't have many options. Begrudingly, she used her thumbprint to unlock her phone and handed it over.

"Damn," the girl said, scrolling through Natalie's open tabs. "You actually left all your porn open after you finished. Saving it for later huh? Rookie mistake." Natalie looked down at the floor and blushed. Whatever this crazy bitch wanted, hopefully she would be done with it soon and she could leave. "Let's see what your search terms were... 'Lesbian domination'... 'Girls stepped on'... 'Orgasm denial'... 'Lesbian slave girls'... Damn you're into some weird shit, huh?"

Natalie continued to stare at the floor. The girl took a step forward and lifted Natalie's chin up with one hand. Natalie instinctively stepped backwards, pressing her back against the stall. The girl grinned.

"I'll ask you one question, A or B. If you answer A then I'll let you walk out of this bathroom and I'll delete the video. You'll never hear from me again. If you answer B, I'll propose another deal to you. Ready?"

Natalie was slowly starting to realize what this situation was becoming. After all, she'd read many literotica stories that went just like this. Collecting her wits, she decided to be assertive. "Give me my phone back, you crazy bitch," she said, her voice shaky.

The girl continued as if she didn't hear her. "When you touched yourself to those videos, did you picture yourself as A: the dominant, or B: the submissive?"

Natalie was taken aback. She'd think about this moment constantly over the next few years. It would've been so easy to just say A, take her phone back, and walk away. Or better yet, just push past the girl and run away. Call the cops. I mean this was sexual harassment and blackmail, right? But for some reason she couldn't. Something about how this girl talked to her, or where she was, or what she was caught doing, made her return her eyes to the floor as she mumbled out, obediently:

"B."

"That's more like it! Bet that's not your cup size though. What are you, a C? D? Much better than mine, huh?" the girl said, pressing her boobs together. "Anyways here's the deal: you go on three dates with me, and I'll delete the video."

"What?" Natalie said. "You went through all this shit to get a date? What the hell is even going on here?"

The girl shrugged. "That's the deal, take it or leave it. Nothing has to happen on those dates, you just have to show up."

"Fine, I'll take your stupid deal. Now give me my phone back."They shook on the deal, but before the girl handed the phone back, she turned around to take a selfie with it. The picture caught both of them; the girl holding up the phone with one hand and Natalie behind her. She entered herself as a contact and handed the phone back.

"And remember what happens if you don't show up to all three!" The girl smiled again. "See you soon, Nat!" she called out as she left the bathroom.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Natalie sat alone in her dorm, staring at her phone screen. The altercation with the girl had happened just after lunch, and it was now late in the evening. She had a name now; the girl had entered herself into Natalie's phone as "Lia." Alongside her contact was the selfie she had taken in the bathroom. Natalie kept staring at herself in the picture. The look on her face was... upset? Intrigued?

She had been tempted all day to text Lia, but she didn't know what she would even say. She felt like she should go to the dean--or even the police--about what happened, but she wanted to know what this was all about. After all, how dangerous could this girl really be? Finally, she received a text. "see you at the campus starbucks tomorrow, 3pm. :)". It felt weird to be commanded to go on a date. Despite what had happened in the bathroom, she was too curious to pass this up.

At 3:00p.m. sharp the next day, Natalie found her "date" at Starbucks and joined her at a table after ordering a drink. She sat down, pulled out her phone, and proceeded to sip her drink and not make eye contact with Lia. Instead, she simply browsed Reddit.

"Ah, I see. You think that because the only requirement for the date was 'show up' that you can just ignore me for a bit and then leave. You probably feel pretty smart," Lia said. She leaned forward. "So let's cut the bullshit. I'll make this a bit more interesting." Lia motioned with her hand and Natalie's phone flew out of her grasp and landed on the table. Natalie looked up in shock. It was like she had pulled the phone away without even touching it.

"Wait- what?"

Lia smiled, obviously pleased with herself. "Here, we'll play a little game. A bit of an icebreaker, since it's our first date and all. We take turns asking questions, and the other person has to answer truthfully. You can walk away at any time. Ready, Nat?"

Natalie had no clue what was going on, but she did know that Lia was clearly enjoying herself. She seemed to like making these weird deals, and Natalie knew that if she wanted answers she had to play along. Not sure what to say, she nodded.

"Good! I'll start. On average, how often do you masturbate?"

"Um..." Natalie started to blush. She had expected questions like this, but she didn't expect them so soon. "Uh well... Usually once a day or less."

"Okay," Lia said with a grin. "Now it's your turn."Natalie got straight to the point. Well, one of the points at least. "How the fuck did you just pinch my phone out of my hand? Are you psychic?"

Lia waggled a finger. "One question at a time, Nat. Mind the rules." Natalie rolled her eyes. "Anyways," Lia continued. "The answer lies in here." She reached into her backpack and brought out a large red tome. On the cover was a pentagram, and when she opened it Natalie could see that the pages were faded and aged. Scrawled across the old paper were diagrams of strange symbols accompanied by Latin text. "Found this tucked away in the corner of the library. Wanna guess what it is?"

Natalie rolled her eyes again. "An ancient demonic tome detailing rituals that grant you power in return for your soul?"

"Um. Yes. That's exactly what it is." Lia glanced around to make sure no one could hear. "Okay actually, I don't think I have to give up my soul. See I used Google Translate on the Latin, and it turns I can just 'rent' the powers for a while. Takes a while to learn this stuff, but I've got the basics down. So now I can do--" she snapped her fingers "--this!" Natalie's eyes widened in surprise as she felt her bra come unclasped. She sunk down in her seat as she hurriedly fixed it. Thankfully her t-shirt was modest enough to not make her warddrobe malfunction obvious to anyone nearby.

"Okay my turn!" Lia said, speaking before Natalie had a chance to respond, or even to process anything. "Where do you want to go on our next date?"

"I don't want to go another date," Natalie pointed out."That wasn't my question."

"Fine. The mall then," Natallie said dismissively. "But did you really just demonic psychic powers just to undo my bra? What the fuck?""Yes. Also, that just wasted your turn. You're not very good at this game, are you?"

"And you just wasted yours."

Lia frowned, and for a moment Natalie felt victorious. "So what's the endgame to this magic stuff?" Natalie asked. "Are you going to sacrifice me to fuel your powers?"

"Well technically that was two questions, but I'm feeling generous so I'll answer both. No, no sacrifices necessary for this stuff. As for my goal, I think it's pretty obvious." Lia said. "You're gonna be my girlfriend."

Natalie snorted. That can't be all this is about... Right? I mean, she said she'd answer truthfully so... "Anyways," Lia continued. "My turn again. What's your favorite porn video? Like if you could only watch one for the rest of your life, what would it be?"

Natalie's face went red. "Um. Well." She considered getting up and walking out right then and there. It was in the rules that she could leave whenever, right? But there was some seriously weird shit going on with that magic tome, and she needed more answers. "Well. I think the title is 'Lesbian slave gets punished' and there's this girl who messes up while doing the dishes so she gets tied up and gets spanked and has to talk about how much she-" Natalie stopped herself, realizing that she was close to rambling. She stared down into her coffee. Without looking up she could tell that Lia had a big smug grin on her face. Damn her. "So how did you know so much about me in the bathroom?" Natalie asked after a long silence.

Lia simply got her, put away her tome, and started to leave.

"Wait!" Natalie said. "I thought I was the one who decided when the game was over. What the hell?"

"I said you could leave whenever you wanted. I didn't say I couldn't. See you at the mall!"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Natalie showed up to the mall ten minutes late. I'm still showing up, so that can't count as violating the agreement, I just need to show this bitch that she's not the one in charge. She found Lia at a table and sat down across from her.

"No Reddit this time? Or are you scared I'll steal your phone again?" Lia said after a brief silence.

"Tell me how you knew I was the bathroom. And how you knew my name."

"Straight to business. I like it." Lia wagged her finger. "But nope. No answers for free like that."

Natalie sighed. "Lemme guess, I have to play some bullshit game again to get anything out of you and you'll rig it in your favor."

"Absolutely right, Nat! 'Cept you'll still play it because this is eating away at you. So here's how it works. For every question, I come up with a date cliché. If you follow through on doing what I say, I'll answer your question truthfully. One question at a time. "

"Fine. How did you know who I was?"

"Simple enough. For that answer: make awkward small talk."

Well, this is better than her opener last time about my masturbation habits, Natalie thought. "Ok fine. How was your day?"

"Pretty good. How are your classes?"

"Good."

Natalie waited long enough for the silence to be considered "awkward" then said "Okay so that counted, right?"

"Yeah," Lia conceded. "So here's your answer: you're in my stats class. I sit a couple rows behind you."

"What? Really? That's lame," Natalie said. She frowned. Guess I have to be more specific with these questions. "Alright then, how did you know to follow me into the bathroom?"

"Excellent question! Let's share some food first."

Over the next hour or so, Natalie and Lia fed each other food from the food court, took pictures together in a photo booth, played some arcade games, and even held hands while walking around. Part of Natalie wanted to hate it, but Lia's sense of humor and the absurdity of the whole situation found Natalie laughing more than she expected. Lia also had this strange way of giving commands that made them hard to refuse; she was stern and serious, but Natalie could tell from the look in her eye that she would be very pleased if she complied. In return, Lia shared the knowledge she gained from the tome. All of the spells she could cast were fairly small in scope and power. She could gather information using a crystal ball ("Okay I don't really have a crystal ball," Lia had said. "But I turned an old fishbowl upside-down and that seemed to work"), levitate small objects, and send brief telepathic message. She even claimed she could fire bolts of energy from her fingertips, but didn't offer a demonstration because "that shit's hard to aim."

"So! What do you think of our date? You enjoying yourself?" Lia asked, after they had sat down at table.

"It was alright I guess," Natalie said, feigning indifference.

"Ha! You liar. You're having fun, aren't you?" Natalie didn't respond, and instead turned her head away and pretended to pout. "Well, any last questions?"

"Well..." Natalie said. "Can you teach me a spell or two? I can't stand knowing that all this magic stuff is real and not being able to do it myself."

Lia leaned backwards and grinned, seeming pleased with herself. "Sure, I can teach you some easy spells. But the price of that: one kiss."

Natalie glared at her tormenter-slash-date. Is this worth it? she mused. Fuck it, right? I'll trade magic powers for a stupid kiss. Without a word, she leaned in and locked lips with Lia. She tried to make it quick and pull away right after, but Lia held her in close, and Natalie could feel her trying to slip some tongue. Fine, I'll let her have this if it gets me what I want, Natalie reluctantly thought. And so she sat, eyes closed, enjoying the feel of Lia's lips and exploring the inside of her mouth. They finally pulled away after some time, and Natalie blinked bashfully and stared down at her hands.

"So, um... Magic, right?" Natalie said. Lia's arms were still clasped behind her back, and when she looked up she saw Lia's face grinning back at her. Her brown eyes sparkled and her soft lips glistened.

Lia traced Natalie's cheek with her finger. She leaned in closer and whispered in her ear: "Third date is tonight at my apartment. I'll text you my address. Wear something nice for me." With that, she got up and left.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Natalie worried about the third date for hours. What did "something nice" mean? What game was Lia going to have planned? Were they going to kiss again? Did she want to kiss again? Eventually, she decided on a plan. Priority one was learning some magic; if that meant seducing Lia in the process, then so be it. I mean, she was kind of hot anyways, so it wouldn't be too unbearable.

She wore a neat black dress she had brought with her to college, but hadn't expected to wear. It was smaller than she remembered, but it would do. Her blond hair wasn't even shoulder length so there wasn't much she could do with it. Finally, she put on four inch heels and did minimal makeup. As an afterthought, she added on a thin black choker. She had bought it a while ago but had since deemed it too slutty to wear in public. Still, it would give her points towards getting what she wanted out of Lia. She was messing around with demonic magic so she probably appreciated a darker themed outfit, right?

Natalie arrived at Lia's apartment at 6:00 p.m., as per her instructions. She knocked tentatively on the door, not knowing what to expect.

"Damn girl, you did dress up. I like it," Lia said when she opened the door. In contrast to Natalie's dress, Lia was wearing a casual plaid shirt and short shorts. "Come in, come in. We need to get started quick. The first rituals need to be done during the witching hour, which only lasts, well, an hour.""Wait, isn't the witching hour like 3 a.m.?"

"Tomes in Latin, it's based off of the Roman time zone."

Before Natalie could question that, she was pulled inside. Lia's living room was neat, comfy, and well-decorated... except for the giant pentagram drawn in chalk on the floor. Lia instructed Natalie to have a seat while she lit five candles and placed them around the circle.

"Close your eyes now. This shouldn't take too long." With that, Lia began humming a low chant beneath her breath. Natalie couldn't make out the words, but she assumed it was Latin. She felt a warmth begin to slowly fill her body, every inch of her feeling hotter and hotter. Suddenly the warmth began to flow to her hands, leaving the rest of her body and eventually settling into her fingertips. Lia's chanting faded into the background as Natalie struggled to maintain her composure against the burning heat in her fingers. Finally, the heat subsided, and she felt a crackling power briefly course through her hands. She opened her eyes and looked down, expecting fire or lightning to be circling her hands, but they seemed normal.

"So... Is that it?"

"Well, I made a simple contract for you that lets you borrow some magic powers. We just have to let it settle in for a bit and then tomorrow I can teach you some spells."

Happy to be done with the weird pentagram, Natalie got up from the floor at sat down on the couch. "So why do that right away? Aren't you afraid I'll just take the magic powers and run? I'm sure I could figure out some spells without your help."

"You're right Nat, you could do that. But something-" Lia sat on Natalie's lap, straddling her "-tells me you won't."

"Hey! Um," Natalie began, wanting to push her off but not knowing where to put her hands.

Lia leaned in so that the fabric of her shirt was lightly pressing against Natalie's chest. "Now, you aren't under any formal obligation to stay. But I know deep down you really want to be a good girl for me, so..." Now she was speaking directly into Natalie's ear, her breath warming the side of Natalie's neck. Her breasts were smushed against the thin black fabric of Natalie's dress. "The safeword is 'cookie.' Say it in the next ten seconds and I'll fuck off and you can go home. Otherwise, you obey me all night long. And trust me, it'll be worth it."
