 This story is all my own imagination!

Laura put down her towel on the sand. She had had to walk a long way to find this secluded cove, the sun was hot and merciless as it beat down out of the clear blue sky, sweat poured off her as she stripped down to her bikini. It was white, not too small, but showing enough flesh to get a good tan, although she said it herself, she had a good figure. Large firm breasts, a tight round ass and long muscular legs from swimming and running. Laura took off her hat and sunglasses and shook out her long chestnut hair; it hung halfway down her back, almost touching her bikini bottoms. She headed for the water to cool off, the sea looked inviting, and a deep sapphire blue, it lapped gently on the white sandy beach. 

"This place is idyllic, I wonder why no-one comes here?" she thought to herself as she looked along the deserted beach. The water was warm against her skin as she walked into the sea, it was so clear she could see fish swimming around her, and little creatures scuttling about on the bottom. Laura waded out until the water was just below her breasts and then she sank below the surface, her hair fanning out behind her. 

She swam for a while, parallel with the beach until she got tired. Laura waded back to shore and her towel, she stood on the sand, and letting the sun's warmth dry her, when she was dry, she reached into her bag for her Hawaiian Tropic suntan lotion. Before applying it, she looked up and down the beach once more. 

"What the heck" she thought, "there's no-one about!" 

With that, she untied her bikini top and dropped it on the sand next to her towel, next she untied her bikini bottoms and dropped them next to the bra. Naked, she began applying the suntan lotion, starting with her breasts; she poured some lotion into her hands and spread it all over her skin, paying particular attention to her nipples. "Don't want sunburned nipples do we!" she thought to herself, Laura carried on spreading the lotion over her belly and down to her pussy, she lingered on her clit for a few minutes, teasing it out of it's hood, then she slid two fingers inside her pussy and began to masturbate herself to an orgasm. 

"Ohhh that feels good," Laura groaned as her pussy contracted around her fingers, they slid in and out easily, due to the suntan lotion coating them; in addition, Laura's juices were starting to flow as she fingered herself to an orgasm.

Laura began to feel the butterflies in her stomach which heralded her orgasm quite soon after. "Ohhh fuckk, ohhh yesss!" she cried out as it hit her, her vision blurred and her legs went like jelly but she stayed standing. When the orgasm subsided, Laura finished applying the suntan lotion; putting on her hat and sunglasses; she lay down on the towel. The sun beat down out of the cloudless sky, warming her naked skin and turning it red then golden. Before long Laura was dozing, she knew that she should not go to sleep or else she might burn, but it was hard to stay awake in the heat, sweat was pouring off her and pooling in her belly button, she decided to go for a paddle to cool off. Not bothering to put on her bikini, Laura walked, naked, down to the sea and paddled at the edge, letting the waves wash over her feet and up her legs, cooling her down.

After a while, she walked back to her towel and lay down. Before long Laura was dozing again, not quite asleep but close to it, as she lay there, half-awake, Laura thought she heard a splashing noise; leaning up on her elbows, Laura looked towards the ocean. Emerging from the water was a woman, and what a woman! She had long ash blonde hair, as long as Laura's, which she shook, sending droplets of water flying through the air, catching the sunlight. She looked like Ursula Andress in the opening scene of Dr No; water cascaded down her body between her big firm breasts and down her washboard stomach. She was taller than Laura, about 5'8" but lithe and toned like she was.

Laura watched the woman approaching, she wore the tiniest silver bikini Laura had ever seen, it covered nothing of the woman's figure, her breasts spilled out of the sides of the top, and her pussy lips protruded from the g-string bottoms, her firm round ass hid the scrap of material, which made up the back. When the woman got closer, Laura noticed that she had bright blue eyes and a cupids-bow mouth, making her look younger than she obviously was, Laura was 24, she put the woman a couple of years older, about 30. 

When she got closer, the woman smiled, showing a set of even white teeth. "Hello" she said. "My name is Nahhruk." Laura got up from her towel. Forgetting that she was naked, she extended her hand in greeting, and Nahhruk took hold of it and shook it.

Laura said, "My name is Laura, pleased to meet you." Suddenly realizing that she was naked; she covered her breasts with her arms and her pussy with her hands. 

Nahhruk laughed. "Do not be embarrassed," she said, "we are both females; where I come from we hardly ever wear clothes!" As if to prove what she was saying, Nahhruk stripped off the scraps of material which constituted her bikini; she stood in front of Laura, proudly naked, her breasts full and firm, her pussy shaved smooth like Laura's, and the twin globes of her ass firm and muscular. Apart from being taller, Nahhruk was a mirror image of Laura; she smiled again showing her even white teeth. "Come, let us sit down and talk a while," 

The two women sat on Laura's towel and talked under the blazing sun, every so often Laura took sips of water from a bottle she had brought with her, Nahhruk did not drink. Nahhruk said, "You are very beautiful Laura, you would be very popular where I come from," 

Laura smiled at the compliment, "thank you, you are very beautiful too Nahhruk," 

"I would like to make love with you" Nahhruk said.

Laura was surprised by Nahhruk's directness. "Excuse me?" she said.

Nahhruk said, "Where I come from, females make love together; we only mate with males when we wish to procreate"

"You mean you're gay?" Laura asked.

"If that is what you call it," Nahhruk replied.

She thought about what Nahhruk was saying for a minute. She had only had a couple of lesbian experiences, both while at college, both only lasted one semester, one in her sophomore year and one in her senior year. In her sophomore year, she had been only 18, and away from home for the first time, her English professor, a woman twice her age, had seduced her. In her senior year, Laura had been in a relationship with a boy in the football team, but she broke it off when she found out he was fucking with girls from the cheerleading team. She poured out her heart to her roommate over a bottle of wine, and they ended up in bed together making love. Laura enjoyed the experience for a while, but eventually she met another footballer and ended the affair.

Nahhruk seemed to read Laura's thoughts, "may I kiss you?" she asked, looking deep into Laura's eyes.

Laura nodded, unable to speak. Nahhruk took Laura's face in her hands and put her lips on Laura's, when they touched, Laura felt a tingling sensation in her belly, and it spread to her crotch and pussy. Almost without realizing, Laura was kissing Nahhruk passionately on the mouth. 

After a few moments, Nahhruk broke the kiss, Laura moaned for her to carry on, but instead she took Laura's breasts in her hands and began caressing the nipples, in no time they were hard and dark with blood. Nahhruk lowered her face and took one in her mouth, sucking and gently biting until Laura cried out with pleasure, "ohhh yesss that feels sooo good!"

Nahhruk took the other one in her mouth, repeating the sucking and biting, Laura was going crazy as she did this, "Ohhh fuckkk! Ohhh yesss! I'm going to come!" Juices squirted from her pussy as she orgasmed just from Nahhruk's mouth. Nahhruk took her mouth from Laura's breast and smiled.

"You get excited very quickly, I will show you how to take your time and enjoy yourself even more." "Lie down on your back, and let me make love to you" Nahhruk whispered softly in Laura's ear. 

She did as Nahhruk told her, putting her arms out to the sides, and spreading her legs, exposing her bald pussy to Nahhruk's lustful gaze. 

"I will show you how the females where I come from make love," she said, and kneeling down she kissed Laura passionately on the mouth. Coming up for air, Nahhruk licked the sweat from Laura's face, then behind her ears and down her neck, as she did so, goose bumps appeared on Laura's arms despite the heat; she shivered as Nahhruk's tongue worked its way towards her big, firm breasts. Eventually Nahhruk's mouth closed over Laura's left breast, her tongue licked and flicked the hard nipple until it was harder than ever, Laura opened her mouth and moaned. 

"Ohhh..." was all she could say, "don't stop." 

"I won't," Nahhruk smiled, lowering her mouth to Laura's right breast and repeating what she had done to the left.

Laura was gasping and panting by now. "I love having my tits sucked," she groaned.

"I know" Nahhruk whispered in her ear, taking more of Laura's breast into her mouth, sucking and gently biting it. 

"Oh, god! Oh, yes! That feels fantastic!" Laura screamed, "I'm going to come!"

"Not yet," Nahhruk said, taking her mouth from Laura's breast and kissing her deeply.

The orgasm subsided and Laura relaxed, she put her arms around Nahhruk's neck, pulling her closer. As she did, she touched her skin, it felt rough and smooth at the same time, a bit like a fish, when she put a hand on Nahhruk's back, instead of bones she could feel spines! "Who...What?" she tried to say, but Nahhruk covered Laura's mouth with her own, cutting off her question.

"Do not ask questions, just enjoy!" Nahhruk said, taking her mouth away again . Lifting each breast gently, she kissed the soft skin beneath, making Laura quiver and gasp. "Ooooh," she cooed. 

"Does that please you?" Nahhruk enquired. 

"Oh yesss, it feels..." Laura's voice trailed off as Nahhruk continued. 

Nahhruk continued kissing Laura's skin beneath her breasts a little longer, then she put out her tongue and began to lick the salty deposits off her skin, Laura noticed that it was long and pointed and it felt a bit rough. She shivered as Nahhruk's tongue licked its way down her body to her abdomen.

"She wants to put that up my pussy," she thought, smiling to herself, "why not, it's not like I'm doing anything else!" Laura lay back and spread her legs, blatantly exposing her pussy and its puffy lips to Nahhruk's gaze. 

"You have a beautiful sex," Nahhruk said, "where I come from, all females have bald sexes, and it is cleaner and more hygienic!" 

"We call them pussies," Laura said. 

"That is a nice name" Nahhruk replied. 

"Would you like to lick it?" Laura asked with a lascivious smile. 

"Very much" Nahhruk answered.

"Then be my guest!" 

Nahhruk looked a little puzzled, "I do not understand," she said.

"I mean go ahead, lick my pussy!" Laura laughed.

Nahhruk got on all fours above Laura in a 69 position and lowered her face to Laura's creamy pussy. In turn, Laura raised her legs and spread them, so that Nahhruk had better access; she flicked out her tongue, tasting Laura's juices for the first time, at the same time she inhaled Laura's smell. "You taste and smell like a female should" Nahhruk said. 

"Do I?" Laura asked, "I always thought it was a bit strong." 

After that, all conversation stopped for a while, all Laura could do was moan and groan and cry out as Nahhruk's mouth covered her pussy, the heat of her lips almost burning her pussy lips. 

When Nahhruk introduced her tongue into her pussy, Laura nearly jumped off the towel, only Nahhruk's body above her prevented her. 

"OH, MY GOD!" Laura screamed as Nahhruk's tongue penetrated into her depths, searching for every nerve, stimulating it and moving on. It felt as though there was a snake up her pussy, slithering around inside her; plumbing her very depths. Laura put a fist in her mouth, but she could not stop the cries of pleasure as Nahhruk searched for her g-spot with her tongue."Ohhh, myyy goddd!" she cried out, "Ohhh fuckkk, that feels INCREDIBLE." 

Nahhruk found Laura's g-spot; she flicked her tongue over it, letting its rough surface stimulate it.

"Ohhh yess,ohhh fuckk" Laura groaned, she felt the butterflies in her stomach begin to flutter, at the same time it did a back-flip as Nahhruk's tongue increased its assault on her g.-spot.

While she was stimulating Laura with her tongue, Nahhruk introduced two long fingers into Laura's pussy alongside her tongue, coating them in her thick creamy juices. 

Laura gasped at the intrusion. "Ohhh yesss," 

Nahhruk slid them in and out of Laura's hot wet pussy, getting them well coated in her juices, by now Laura was crying out."Ohhhh pleeease make me come!" 

"Soon," Nahhruk said. She slid her fingers in and out a few more times and then withdrew them.

Laura moaned. "Noooo...," without warning, Nahhruk inserted them up Laura's ass. "OH FUCK! OH MY GOD!" she screamed as the fingers began probing her innermost recesses, this, combined with Nahhruk's tongue, sent Laura over the edge. She came, squirting juices all over Nahhruk's face."OHHH, FUCKKKK!, OHHHH, YESSSS! OHHH, MY GODDDD!" she screamed at the blue sky and the bird's overhead. 

Nahhruk smiled, juices dripping down her face. "I have pleased you?" she asked.

Laura could not answer for a moment; she tried to get her breath back as her orgasm subsided. When she got her breath back, Laura answered. "Oh yes you HAVE pleased me, that was the most incredible orgasm I've EVER had!" "Where did you learn to do that? How did you know that I would say yes?" 

Nahhruk explained. "My people call this place Love Beach, whenever a single female like you, or a group of females happens upon it, one or more of us is sent to show them our ways." "We appear to them as I do now, beautiful young women, very different from our appearance back where we come from." "As to how, many years of making love with females of our species taught me what they liked, I knew you would say yes, because I controlled your mind so that you would say yes!" 

Laura struggled to take all this in, "you mean you knew about my affairs with women at college, and that you can control people's thoughts?" 

"I didn't know. I sensed that this was not the first time for you with a female. In addition, yes, I can control your thoughts. Right now, you want to make love to me! Nahhruk answered. 

Laura realized that Nahhruk was right; she had a burning desire to eat Nahhruk's pussy (or whatever she called it!) "Lie on your back" Laura said in a firm voice, and spread your legs so I can see your pussy!" 

Nahhruk did as Laura told her; lying back and spreading her legs, exposing herself to Laura. 

Kneeling between her legs, Laura lowered her face and mouth to Nahhruk's pussy, "well it looks the same, and it certainly SMELLS the same!" Laura said, "Let's see if it TASTES the same!" Laura put out her tongue and tasted Nahhruk's pussy, it tasted hot and sweet, not like either of the two women she had made love with previously. She moaned, "Mmm, you taste amazing." 

Nahhruk said, "In order not to put the females off if it is their first time, we make our taste pleasant, that way she overcomes any doubts she may have." 

Laura flicked out her tongue again, catching droplets of thick, sweet juice, which had begun to fall from Nahhruk's pussy, her breathing began to quicken as Laura's tongue pressed harder to her pussy. "Ohhh yesss!" she cried, "you would be VERY popular where I come from with a tongue like that!"

Nahhruk's juices began to flow faster, coating Laura's face and mouth, Laura penetrated Nahhruk's pussy with her tongue, licking up her juices and probing as deeply as she could. Nahhruk began to moan and make mewling noises in the back of her throat, as Laura's tongue penetrated her deeper.

Then Laura copied Nahhruk, she inserted two fingers into her pussy and began sliding them in and out, alongside her tongue, quickly they were coated with Nahhruk's hot thick juices; Laura slid them back and forth a few times more and then took them out, dripping Nahhruk's juice on her belly. Bending Nahhruk's legs toward her head, she exposed her ass, in one smooth movement; Laura bent forward and inserted both fingers up Nahhruk's ass. 

She squealed, as Laura's fingers penetrated her. "Aaahhh!" then Laura began licking Nahhruk's pussy; this brought her to the edge of orgasm. "Ohhh yesss, make me come!" Nahhruk cried, as Laura's tongue penetrated deeper into her, at the same time her fingers became a blur as they sped in and out of Nahhruk's ass, probing her rectum and stimulating the nerve-endings inside.

Before long, Nahhruk was crying out as juices squirted from her pussy, up into the air and back to the sand "Yesss, Ohhh yesss, I am coming!" 

Laura opened Nahhruk's ass with her fingers and inserted her tongue up it, Nahhruk screamed and her juices flowed out of her pussy, covering Laura's face. The air filled with the sounds and smells of two hot and sweaty women pleasuring each other. Laura's tongue probed as deeply as she could make it up Nahhruk's ass, searching out the thousands of nerve endings, just as Nahhruk had done to her.

"Ohhh yesss! Ohhh noooo! I cannot take any more!" Nahhruk groaned. "I am going to come again!" More juice squirted into the air, landing on Laura's back, as she knelt between Nahhruk's legs, probing her ass with her tongue. Eventually, Nahhruk gasped "no more, please!" 

Laura withdrew her tongue from Nahhruk's ass and sat up, "was I as good as the females where you come from?" She enquired.

"Better!" Nahhruk gasped, getting her breath back. 

"Incidentally, you never told me where you DO come from!" Laura said.

Nahhruk looked surprised. "Didn't I? Anyway I thought you might have guessed!" 

"Where are you from?" Laura asked, looking puzzled. 

"Where else? Atlantis, of course!" Nahhruk said, laughing.

EPILOGUE

Laura awoke as the sun began to set. "How long have I been asleep?" she thought. "My skin is going to be burned to a crisp!" She felt her face and arms; they did not feel hot, as though they were sunburned. "That was quite some dream I had!" When she touched her face, it felt as though something sticky had dried on it, her pussy was wet and creamy, "I must have masturbated in my sleep!" Laura thought. 

Carefully she sat up, to avoid her head spinning from the effects of the sun. Looking both ways along the beach, Laura frowned, "I could have sworn there was another woman on the beach with me!" the shadows were lengthening as the sun set, darkness was coming. "I'd better get dressed before it gets dark!" Laura thought. Bending down to pick up her clothes, she saw something sparkle in the fading light; when she looked closer, she saw it was the tiniest silver bikini she had ever seen!

THE END