 Hi all

This one took a lot longer than I anticipated to write, but here it is. I hope you all enjoy it! I should have more coming out very soon, though! If you haven't already read the chapters preceding this, I advise you do so, or else it won't make sense!

Cheers

GT

***

It is generally difficult to tell when someone is having a nightmare. But there are tell-tale signs - terrified body language, tossing and turning, moaning and murmuring in their sleep. Of course, if nobody is around to witness these, then it doesn't matter whether that someone is having a nightmare or not. But had anyone been in the room with her that night, they would have worked out that Maddie Reid was having a particularly bad nightmare.

It was the same nightmare she had had for many years.

The laughter first. Always the laughter. Coinciding with the sound of the "clip clop, clip clop" of hooves on concrete. The laughter was Shaun's. Maddie couldn't see him from where she was. Only hear him. She longed to look up, to see him again, but she couldn't. Her body wouldn't move. 

Clip clop, clip clop.

More laughter.

Then the familiar voice of the instructor, saying that same sentence that always echoed in Maddie's mind.

"Easy, Shaun! She's a bit frisky today!"

Look up, damn you! Why won't you look up!?

Clip clop, clip clop.

More laughter.

Maddie couldn't look up, and she knew what was coming. She closed her eyes.

Then the loud whinny, followed by a small, high-pitched scream, then a thud and a dull crack. Followed by a louder, more blood curdling scream.

Finally, Maddie could look up.

And once again, she found herself looking into her twin's dead, lifeless eyes, his face nothing more than a blank expression.

A trickle of blood started to gently flow out from under his head.

Maddie woke up with a start, to find herself in a dark room. Her body was hot and clammy with sweat. She felt the familiar trickle from her nose, and switched on the light to find that it was definitely blood this time. Grabbing a tissue from the nightstand, she wiped her face. Then she pressed it to her nose to help with the bleeding.

As she just sat there, nursing her nosebleed, she began to cry, softly. This was the fourth night in a row that she had had this nightmare. 

There was good reason for it: 

Issy wasn't with her. 

She had flown back to New York to celebrate the 4th of July (it would've seemed ironic to celebrate in England!). Once she was away, and her comforting, dominant presence was gone, Maddie's mind had gone back to its old night-time tricks. Interrupting her sleep, giving her horrible flashbacks like this, the whole nine yards.

Once the blood had stopped flowing, and Maddie was feeling better, she reached over to her phone and turned it on. The time revealed that it was 05:37 in the morning. That was frustrating - she had no desire to go back to sleep now, and would have to find a bit of time to kill.

Maybe she could go for a jog? The sun was about to come up, and the air was warm from the heatwave, and Maddie was itching to get up and about. 

Eventually, she decided to go for it, and got out of bed. After hurriedly dressing into some running clothes and trainers, she took her key and phone (which she strapped to her arm using a special armband), slipped quietly downstairs and went outside. Immediately, she started jogging down the street.

The air - somewhere between warm and cool, and therefore perfect for running - whipped against her face. It ran through her hair and swept it behind her. The solitude was perfect, and the exertion meant that she wasn't focusing too much on her nightmare.  

So, Maddie kept on going, running at a relatively ordinary pace for someone tired and unfit. She headed from the pub to the town hall, round the corner and up the street. Soon, she lost all track of where she was going, but found herself heading for the hill where she first met Issy. Her mind was tempted to head all the way there, but even that was quite the distance. She eventually got about halfway, and sat down on the grass by the path to rest.

As she thought about it, it occurred to her once again how badly she needed to have Issy with her. This was very strange, the more she thought about it - not even two months ago, she had been perfectly content and satisfied with her life, and the direction it had gone. Issy had only been in her life that long. And yet she was everything to her now. Everything she thought about, everything she wanted, the whole works. And even though she had believed in the early stages that the feeling wasn't necessarily mutual, that had changed when she had - by accident - seen one of Issy's messages to Molly Wilson (her best friend). She had seen that Issy cared about her just as much.

But the drawback to that was that her time away from Issy was even harder. It affected Maddie's emotional state, caused her to relapse into her nightmares, and generally made her enjoy life a lot less. 

As she reflected on these thoughts, Maddie found herself reaching into her running shorts and sliding her fingers under her knickers. Gently gently gently, she teased her clitoris with her index finger, moaning softly as she did so. The finger became bolder, and began to work its way into her, working its way up to the familiar place in her that really got her going, her sweet spot.

Finding it, her fingers began to pump in and out, going first at a slow pace, then building up speed and momentum as the stimulations came on.

The moans became louder, more intense. The images in her mind became even more vivid, as she imagined all the things she wanted Issy to do to her - to fuck her with a strap-on, to do scat stuff with her, to tickle her into unconsciousness... the list was endless. 

Then she thought of her girlfriend looming over her, as she lay helpless, tied to the bed. Any bed. She imagined the look of menace on her face as she took out a large rubber dildo. The satisfied smile as she began to fuck her with it.

She pumped and pumped, in line with the rhythm that Issy was setting in her fantasy. Her moans became louder, her breathing more vigorous and her eyes clamping shut. She was now well and truly beginning to ride the roller coaster.

Eventually, after a couple of minutes more, she hit climax, and collapsed sideways as her weight carried her downwards. She couldn't even try to quiet herself - she was up on a small hill, quite some distance from town, late at night. There was no way she could be heard.

When her orgasm subsided, Maddie just lay there, relishing the perfect temperature of the night air. For the first time that morning, she was feeling at peace. Her nightmare had faded to a distant memory, and all she had now were her thoughts of Issy, and how much she was looking forward to having her in her bed again.

She was shaken out of her thoughts by the sound of her phone vibrating against her left arm, which she had not been using. 

This was odd, she thought. Sliding it off the band and looking at it, she saw that it was a WhatsApp from Issy.

"Hi Mads. I know it's probably like 6 in the morning for you, but when you wake up, could you please message me?" It read.

Instinctively, Maddie unlocked the phone and began typing a response.

"I can talk now."

The conversation began.

"You're awake this early in the morning?"

"Another nightmare."

"Oh shit!  Are you all right?"

"Yeah, just went for a job." Maddie frowned at the error. So she corrected herself. 

"*Jog."

"Oh really? Where did you go?" was Issy's next message.

"To the hill where we first met."

"How romantic!"

"I know. I masturbated to the thought of you."

"You're kidding! You masturbated outdoors? Weren't you afraid of getting caught?"

"It's 4 in the morning. Who's going to be here at this time of night?"

"You never know!" 

Maddie smiled to herself. Even though she occasionally liked to be topped, Issy was truly the caring and nurturing domme Maddie needed in her life. 

"It's fine. I was vigilant."

"Good! So listen, what I wanted to ask you - do you think you could find your way to my house tomorrow afternoon? Someone's delivering a parcel for me, and I need you to pick it up."

"What is it?"

"It's a surprise for you. I just ordered it today. You can open it when it arrives."

"Okay. What time roughly do I have to be there? And How do I get in?"

"They said that delivery will be between 3 and 5 in the afternoon, so maybe try and get there before then. You already know the gate code. There's a key to the front door hidden in the topiary tree to the left of the front door as you're facing it. I asked the housekeeper not to turn the alarm on, but in case she forgot, the code is 5538."

"Thanks! I'll call you later, when I have it!"

"Fantastic! Love you!" 

"Love you too, Is."

Feeling satisfied, Maddie locked her phone, and got to her feet. This was quite weird, she thought. But she trusted Issy implicitly. So she knew that in a few hours, she would be at her house, looking for what Issy wanted her to find.

She started jogging again, in the direction of home.

***

Several hours later, Maddie found herself entering the gate code at Prendergast Farm. She had still not managed to get a wink of sleep, despite her jog, so she was still very tired. Rather than taking a taxi, she had decided to make the forty-minute walk on foot, enjoying the warm summer air and sunshine. Better enjoy it while it lasted - the autumn and winter months could be a bitch. And it would at least keep her awake, she hoped.

Upon arriving at the front door, she rummaged round inside the topiary tree, and found the key that had been left. She opened the front door, bracing herself in case the alarm went off. Mercifully, it didn't - the housekeeper had left it off after all. 

As Maddie made her way up the stairs, she couldn't help but feel a little strange - like she was an intruder in this house. Definitely like she wasn't supposed to be here. Despite the fact that she knew that the family welcomed her every time.

Finally, she reached Issy's room, and opened the door, stepping into the room.

Without warning, someone suddenly grabbed her from behind, and a hand clamped over her mouth, muffling her scream of surprise. Before she could make sense of what was going on, a familiar voice spoke into her ear.

"Surprise."

It was Issy.

Maddie's heart jumped. Issy was back early? When did she arrive? As this was running through her head, Issy began to move her towards the bed. She spun her round, pushed her onto her back and pounced on her, her tongue immediately forcing its way into Maddie's mouth. A wave of pleasure came over her as she enjoyed the familiar feeling of kissing the beautiful American who had won her heart.

Eventually, the kiss ended, and the two beamed at each other.

"When did you get back?" Maddie asked.

"Yesterday. My parents changed my ticket so I could fly back a few days early and surprise you."

"Why did you send those messages so early in the morning, then? And more importantly, how did you manage to?"

"I had to keep up the pretence - to make it look like I was messaging you from New York. So I set my alarm to wake me up in the early hours."

That made sense, Maddie thought. But truthfully, the explanation could have been completely far-fetched, and she wouldn't have cared. Issy was back. That was all that mattered.

"Well, I'm so glad you're here," she said.

"You and me both," Issy replied. She got up and headed over to the chest of drawers on one side of her room. Opening it, she took out a large, white plastic shopping bag. "I visited a couple of specialist sex shops while I was in New York, and bought like a ton of stuff we could play with. Proper kinky stuff."

"Oh brilliant!" This got Maddie really excited. "What did you buy?"

"Well, for starters..." Issy pulled out a box. "This is a set of under-the-bed restraints. Designed to tie you spread-eagle to the bed. Then we have these," she pulled out some eye masks. "Great for blindfolding you."

"I'm getting warmer and warmer by the second," Maddie said, grinning. "Anything else?"

"Yes. There's a lot more. But I'll show them to you later. Right now, we have this..." Issy took out her final item, and waved it at Maddie playfully. "A Hitachi Magic Wand. Most powerful I could find. Multiple settings. Enough to have you cumming multiple times in one session!"

"You'd better be careful, or I might use that on you!"

"I'm counting on it!" Issy replied. She opened the box containing the under-bed restraints, which contained velvet cuffs and a network of straps that could be placed under the mattress and fed round each corner. "You want to help me get this set up?"

It took a little while to get the restraints set up, so Maddie questioned Issy on the events of her holiday in New York. Issy told her about her trip to Poughkeepsie to visit her aunt and uncle, the weird guy who'd flirted with her on the Subway when she was going back to her hotel after a night out with some old friends, and about the really amazing burger she found in a random restaurant in Manhattan. Next chance she got, she was going to take Maddie to it.

Eventually, they were finished. But as Issy went to plug the Hitachi in, Maddie stopped her, grabbed her by the shoulders and stared beseechingly into her eyes.

"Is?" she said. "Before we do some kinky stuff, do you think we could 69 a little? Not to make each other cum, of course. But I haven't eaten your pussy for so long as it is. And I really just want to... um..." she paused, trying to think of the words.

"You want us to physically reconnect?" Issy suggested.

"Yes! That's exactly it!"

"Well, I have no problem with that!" Issy closed the distance between them, taking Maddie into a warm embrace. Their lips met, and the two shared a long, lingering kiss, their tongues gently caressing each other as they did so.

Then they stepped back, and began to get undressed. Maddie was wearing more clothes, though, so Issy was naked long before her. She took the opportunity to admire the American girl's body, remembering every little curve and tiny detail that had attracted to her. There was a small scar on her arm from a bike-riding accident that Maddie particularly liked. Eventually, she too was naked, and Issy took her hand and guided her back to the bed.

First, Issy lay sideways on the bed, facing Maddie, her smile warm and seductive. Maddie sat down on the side and shifted herself so that her body was pointing in the opposite direction, and facing Issy. They moved closer together, and, still lying sideways, slipped their faces between the other girl's legs, so that they were now staring right at their pussy. 

Maddie felt Issy's initial shudder as she ran her tongue along her extremely sensitive slit, parting its way through the lips, taking care to avoid the clitoris. Then let out a gasp of her own as she felt Issy's tongue on her. But neither girl stopped. 

The licking was gentle and very methodical - if truth were being told, they weren't really eating each other out. Both girls were enjoying what was effectively a make-out session with the other's pussy, exploring every inch of them as they would each other's mouths, slowing down when they felt it was getting too vigorous and intense. 

To Maddie, this was heaven. Issy's pussy was very sensitive already, so every lick drew a reaction. She loved the smell and taste of Issy's arousal. And, above all, she felt like she was safe again.

Issy had eaten Maddie's pussy many times, so she was familiar with what she liked, where the most sensitive parts of her were, and particularly how to tease her. She would nibble on each lip, roll her clitoris around on her tongue, and sometimes lean a bit further round so that she could give her asshole a bit of attention. These would give Maddie a little start of surprise, so she did it as often as she could.

After about ten to fifteen minutes of almost pure heaven, Issy whispered to Maddie. "Listen, I'm not going to give you an opportunity later, so if you want to get me off, now would be a good time to - OHHHHHH!!"

She never finished the sentence. 

As soon as Maddie heard the semblance of permission, she went full throttle, sucking Issy's clitoris between her lips and circling it hard with her tongue. She brought her hands up and began to tease around Issy's lips, before sliding one of her index fingers into her, finding her G-Spot and gently finger fucking her with it. Issy hadn't expected her to do this, since she only really needed her tongue to get her off. Needless to say, it wasn't long before Maddie had her cumming hard.

Maddie didn't let up, though. Issy was nowhere near done cumming, though. She kept up the assault for a bit longer, feeling her girlfriend shaking and shuddering as her muscles contracted and the waves of ecstasy hit her one by one. 

As she readjusted her position so that her mouth was pressed tightly against her pussy, Issy suddenly squirted. Her juices went right into Maddie's mouth, causing her to jump in surprise. She moved back and coughed a little, before rushing to the bathroom and spitting into the sink. She didn't know why - normally she liked the taste of Issy's juices. For some reason, having her squirt into her mouth was different.

Issy had just begun to recover from her orgasm(s). She looked up to see Maddie re-entering the bedroom.

"What happened?" she asked. 

"You squirted in my mouth," Maddie replied, looking embarrassed. "I dunno why, but I instinctively had to go and spit it out."

"Oh. Oh God," Issy looked embarrassed. "I don't blame you about that. Sorry!" 

"No no no, it's all right! I'm sorry for stopping!"

"Well, since you did, and you gave me quite the ride, I hope you're ready for some fun. I'm about to return the favour," Issy broke out into a smile that had an element of mischief to it. 

She gestured to the bed. 

"Lie down."

Maddie now lay on her back. She was now tightly secured, in the spread-eagle position, using the restraints that Issy had bought. Issy was now gagging her with duct tape, which she was wrapping carefully around her head, moving the hair aside so that it wouldn't get caught. 

Once she was done, Maddie tested the restraints. She could barely move, and the gag was enough to prevent anything meaningful from coming out her mouth. Smiling, Issy crouched on the bed next to her.

"Now you are completely helpless, aren't you? Not like before when it was just a scarf and some rope. Now you really can't do anything."

Maddie's pussy was already getting wet from excitement at the way Issy was talking to her. It was playful, but also slightly sinister. Even though she was more Top than Dom, she occasionally showed that side to herself, and Maddie loved it. 

"I could do practically anything I wanted to you, you know," Issy continued. She shifted up, put her knees on either side of Maddie's head and began to rub her pussy on the girl's face, coating it with her love juices. "If I wanted to, right now, I could even fart right in your face. And, because of your gag, you would have no choice but to breathe it in through your nose. You think I should do that?"

Maddie's face reddened, and she shook her head desperately. 

"Well, lucky for you, I'm not going to. It's not my thing either," Issy moved back to her original spot, and idly played with Maddie's boobs. "You know, when I saw these for the first time, I thought I was the luckiest girl in the world to see them. Now, I've come to realise that that wasn't what made me the luckiest girl in the world. Having total access to them time is."

Maddie was getting warmer and warmer by the second.

"With your legs tied so wide apart like this, you can't close your legs. This is something new for you, isn't it? Well, I'm going to take full advantage of it!"
