 Christine was having a tough day at work she was sitting at her desk when there was a knock on her office door. “It is open,” Christine said. The vision who entered her office still managed to take Christine breath away. Closing the door the cute pixie with the incredible smile, who still had Christine’s heart with her short layered cropped chestnut hair which fell around her face, she was dressed in a black top so tight and low cut it hugged her incredible breasts like a second skin her short black skirt was accentuated by a silver chain around her small waist and showed her slim legs to perfection. Her knee high black boots finished the outfit and were so typical of her she had a bit of an in the face attitude. Christine couldn’t believe her ex was here in front of her. Deb smiled seductively at the women who had escaped, “Hi baby did you miss me?” Deb licked her lips as she looked Christine up and down then bit her lip before saying. “I definitely missed u.” Christine was awe struck Deb’s lip play having the exact affect it was meant to. “why are you here Deb?” “You know why I am here.” Deb said moving to Christine’s side of the desk looking deep into Christine’s eyes. “I have come to claim the heart of the woman who stole mine.” Christine’s heart stopped beating then started racing so hard she was sure Deb could see it pounding out of her chest. Deb sat on the desk in front of Christine, “I have come for you my love.” Deb leaned forward cupping Christine’s face in her hand and kissing her tenderly caressing Christine’s lips with her own, deepening the kiss slowly sucking on Christine’s lower lip before possessing her mouth. Deb’s tongue invaded and claimed Christine’s mouth as her own, tongues caressing and tasting in a lover’s dance. Biting Christine’s bottom lip Deb reluctantly pulled away, “As much as I need to make love to you now this is not how I want to claim my soulmate. I will pick you up at your place tonight at 7.” A passion drunk Christine could only nod in acceptance. As she watched Deb walk out the door Christine wondered what she had got herself in for. At 6:55pm a very nervous Christine paced the floor what was she thinking she asked herself it could never work with deb could it. Christine was dressed to kill in her best black suite accentuated by a black shirt and red vest. Looking in the mirror Christine had to admit even to herself she was looking good. There was a knock at the door at 6:57pm when Christine opened the door she was floored by what she saw. The woman before was indeed a princess dressed in a flowing black mid-calf length dress with a fitted lace up bodice accentuated by red lacing. There was no mistaking this was her naughty little pixie but something was different there was a maturity and depth that was not present last time. This excited Christine because she had left because deb’s lack of emotional depth had crushed their relationship; the sexy vixen who was standing before her a minute ago now had her pinned to the wall and was moving her body seductively against Christine’s body kissing her senseless. “Mmmmmmmmmmmmm.”Deb moaned her lips still touching Christine’s lips. ”You look amazing baby as much as I want nothing more than to take you to your bedroom and spend for as long as you will let me making love to you there is something important I need to do.” Kissing Christine deeply once more Deb managed to pull herself away long enough to take Christine’s hand and lead her to the waiting limo. Sliding in beside Christine Deb took Christine’s hand in hers and caressed it with her fingers. The 45 min drive seemed to dissipate in the loving caress of Deb’s hand. When the limo stopped and they exited Christine was amazed by what she saw. As the limo pulled away Christine took in the view before her and was shocked by the amount of preparation it must have taken to set this up. Before her Christine saw the candle lit path leading to a table for two with candles and a steak dinner served. Behind the table was a beautiful waterfall lit by at least a thousand candles including large candles behind the water waterfall illuminating the water. “Wow,”Christine exhaled. “It is your dream date baby, remember?” Deb smiled excitedly at Christine. “This is better than I dreamed up.” Christine said kissing Deb softly on the lips. “Thank you, beautiful.” “Mmmmmmmm as much as I would love to continue this dinner has been served lets eat before it gets cold.” Dinner was delicious as they chatted about old times and enjoyed each other’s company. Deb suddenly stood up and walked over to Christine and knelt beside her and pulled out a ring. “Christine, my heart is empty and hollow without you. I need you in my life like I need the oxygen I breathe. I don’t want to go through one more day of my life without you. Will you make me the happiest woman in the world and marry me?” Christine was awe struck as she looked into the eyes, so full of love and hope, of the woman she loved and mouthed, “yes, baby, yes I love you too.” Deb slipped the ring on Christine’s finger and they kissed passionately. Christine started to strip the dress from debs body undoing the zipper and pushing it off of her shoulders. She stepped back to admire the beautiful, curvaceous body exposed to the moonlight. Deb quickly stripped Christine of her clothes and whispered in Christine’s ear, “Mmmmmmmmmmm you are beautiful baby but there is one more part of your perfect date.” Leading Christine to the waterfall, Deb kissed Christine passionately biting and sucking her lip as her hands caressed Christine’s body one scraping nails down Christine’s back while the other ran a finger all around Christine’s breast avoiding the nipple as the spray from the waterfall lubricated their bodies making them slick with moisture. Moving through the waterfall Deb pushed Christine against a rock ledge and grinded her body against Christine’s as she kissed and bit Christine’s neck and along her collar bone. Sliding her hands over Christine’s body; stroking it sliding over Christine’s water slick body to stroke over her nipple flicking it, squeezing it and tugging it while she bit Christine’s neck and whispered in her ear “now everyone will know your mine.” Deb slide her hand across Christine’s tummy and down to cup her mound sliding her finger up and down Christine’s pussy lips, Christine bucked wildly trying to get Deb to finger fuck her, Deb bit Christine’s ear lobe and whispered “be patient my love I am not done with you yet.” Deb kissed down Christine’s body until she kissed Christine’s nipples sucking her. desperate to suckle, bite and tug on them; Debs finger slid between Christine’s pussy lips and poked her clit before withdrawing and poking again. Christine squirmed and moaned under the assault; deb slid her hand over Christine’s clit and began to stroke it hard and fast as her other hand came down and two fingers slid into Christine’s cunt and fingered her hard and fast. Christine’s body spasmed in a climax that made her shake and gasp with pleasure; leaving Christine exhausted. Deb lay Christine down on the ledge and straddled her face lapping at Christine pussy tasting her wetness. Deb sucked Christine’s clit into her mouth and flicked it with her tongue. Christine snapped out of her cum daze to the very wet pussy woman of the woman she loved, Christine was overcome with the need to taste the pussy she had been fantasizing about for years and began lapping at Debs wet pussy licking and sucking. Deb began tongue fucking Christine’s pussy and rubbing Christine’s clit while Christine sucked on Deb’s clit and fingered her hard. Christine and Deb exploded in a climax that left them both shattered. Deb caught her breath and moved into Christine’s arms kissed her slowly and deeply and whispered “I love you, my wifey.”