 "Is your homework done, dear?"

Kayla rolled her eyes. This was becoming tedious. 

"Mom, I'm in university now. I don't have homework, I have reading."

"Well, is your reading done, dear?" 

Kayla cringed. Of course her reading was done, but it never failed that her mother would ask her regardless. 

She was nineteen, a high school graduate with honors, and had a complete university scholarship. She'd never fallen behind in a class in her life and her mother knew it.

Kayla suspected that it just made her mother feel better to fuss, so usually she just grinned and bared it. Lately though, it was really starting to rub Kayla the wrong way . "Yes, and now I'm leaving," she said.

"What time will you be back?" Her mother asked.

"I'm not sure, but don't wait up." She said. 

"I don't like the idea of you being out at all hours of the night," said her mother, "it makes me nervous." 

"Nervous about what, Mom?" Kayla was becoming exasperated. She just wanted this conversation to be over so she could get out the door and see Joelle. If her mother knew she was going out on a school night to get rimmed by her lesbian lover, her mother would have an aneurysm.

"There are lots of things in this world that you just don't know about dear, and you better pray you never do!" Her mother was becoming puritanical. 

Kayla laughed to herself; if her mother knew that three nights ago she'd had clamps tensing on her nipples, sending ripples of pain and pleasure all over her skin and down to her clit that dampened her panties, she would drag her off to a nunnery and have her drowned in holy water. Just thinking about it brought up more tantalizing details of her making love with Joelle. That same night Joelle had introduced her to anal beads and had Kayla on her knees begging for release. 

No one had ever made Kayla feel this way, and she had never even been with a man before. Joelle liked to dominate, and Kayla was beginning to learn all about submission. It hadn't been long, but Kayla was falling madly in love with Joelle.

Joelle had opened her naïve eyes to aspects of the world that Kayla would otherwise know nothing about. Kayla felt like a seed and with Joelle's love and imagination, she was blossoming into a bright, beautiful flower.

"Mom, enough. I'll see you later, okay?" 

And without waiting for a response, Kayla left. Walking away from her house was like being freed from the shackles of oppression. Maintaining this good-girl routine was tiresome and she wasn't sure she could keep up the pretense for much longer. She knew she was going to have to move out soon, which would break her mother's heart. 

Kayla's father had died when she was a young girl, and her mother was a bible fanatic. Kayla had been raised immersed in the catholic faith, and resented it to her core. She was the only thing her mother had in the world, other than her bible. 

And now she was off to meet Joelle. Ah, Joelle, her pleasure angel! Joelle was blonde and curvy with sumptuous lips that begged to be nibbled and harbored a mischief in her eyes that dared to be defied. Kayla and Joelle had been childhood friends until Kayla's father died and her mother sent her to a catholic school. They'd never really kept in touch until they met up at the university. Now they were more than just friends, they were lovers. 

It had only been a few months, but Joelle was introducing Kayla to things that she'd never even dreamed. Dildos, butt-plugs, whips, spanking. God, she loved a good spanking. Joelle had been teaching Kayla what it meant to submit, and at this point, Kayla would have given Joelle the world wrapped in gold paper if that's what she asked for.

Kayla smiled to herself as she walked towards the bus stop. The more she thought about Joelle, the moister her panties became. If she wasn't careful, she was going to leave a nice, wet smear on the bus seat. That thought made her grin widen.

Tonight, Joelle had promised her a wonderful surprise. Kayla delved into her imagination, wondering what it could be. In the privacy of Joelle's small apartment they were free to express their love any way they chose.

Maybe Joelle would wear the strap-on and fuck her. She'd never been fucked before, and she had told Joelle that. Joelle had smiled at her and had said, "Good."

She imagined what it would be like to fuck Joelle and her knees quivered. The thought of Joelle suckling her nipples, whip in hand ready to distribute punishment for disobedience, driving her large, lubed strap-on deep into Kayla's virginal pussy while demanding she orgasm made her body quiver with excitement.

Joelle's bosom would be heaving as she drove the phallus deeper, her blonde hair sweaty and dripping onto Kayla's face and breasts. Joelle's sweet kiss, her flicking tongue would lick all over Kayla's body, bringing her nothing but sweet bliss. The thought was too much to bear and Kayla flushed with excitement. 

The bus rolled up and Kayla hopped on, conscious now of her flushed face and dripping pussy. She sat alone near the front of the bus and dreamed in her private reverie of losing her virginity to the only person she had ever fallen in love with. 

By the time she got off the bus she was about ready to vault herself onto a fence post. She was supposed to meet Joelle at a coffee shop downtown. It was on the seedier side of downtown and Kayla was a little put out at having to walk alone. 

Kayla began walking from the bus stop down the industrial street. It was mainly warehouses and closed businesses and Kayla started getting nervous. She cursed Joelle silently in her head for making her walk alone downtown. 

"Thinking about me?" a husky voice purred from behind her.

Kayla jumped. "Joelle!" 

"Hello, darling," Joelle said, grabbing Kayla's hand and nibbling on her wrist.

Kayla stared at her and she felt her heart lurch into her throat. Joelle was a sight. Her lovely blonde hair was tied up, with a few tendrils hanging down to frame her face. She was wearing a white, form fitting dress that cascaded from an A-line waist, down to her knees. Her dark eyes were amplified by the subtlest hint of makeup. 

"You look like an angel," whispered Kayla as she watched Joelle nibble her way up her arm. Each touch of her mouth sent shivers through Kayla's body and it was all she could do to prevent herself from shuddering. 

Joelle laughed, and with it, her eyes glittered.

"I have a surprise for you, I hope you like it."

Joelle leaned in close and kissed Kayla chastely on the lips. She pulled Kayla closer with her arm and began massaging her breasts and biting on her neck. Kayla squirmed, a little uncomfortably.

"What?" Joelle asked.

"It's just that... we're in the middle of the street, people can see us."

"What people? Everything's closed. Are you ashamed of us? Are you ashamed that I'm touching you?" Joelle demanded, letting go of Kayla abruptly. 

"No, I just thought we were going back to your place," Kayla said, wishing more than anything to feel Joelle holding her again.

"Well, you thought wrong, and now I'm very disappointed with you." 

Kayla could have cried. She didn't want Joelle to think less of her, or to be disappointed with her. "Joelle, I'm sorry, how can I make it up to you?"

"What would you do to make it up to me?" Joelle asked.

"Anything, you know I would do anything for you," Kayla replied.

"Anything?"

"Say it, anything and I'll do it." Kayla felt like crying. 

She didn't know what she would do if she were spurned by her lover. She didn't want to hurt or offend Joelle but if she knew in hindsight what Joelle would have her do, Kayla might have just gotten on the next bus and gone straight home. Unfortunately, blinded by love as she was, Kayla would do anything to make up for the smallest slight to Joelle's ego.

"Come with me," Joelle said, and turned to go. 

Kayla had no choice but to follow. They seemed to walk for what seemed an eternity, past large buildings, a lot of seedy bars and a couple of clubs until Joelle finally led Kayla down a dark alley. 

"Joelle," Kayla made to protest, but was quickly silenced when Joelle turned to glare at her. 

Kayla continued to follow Joelle to the end of the alley. The alley was dirty and it stunk like garbage and piss. Kayla wrinkled her nose. There were bags of trash lining both sides of the alley all the way down to the end. On the left hand side, almost blending into the wall was a dirty door. Joelle knocked. 

A small circle piece opened high in the door and an eye stared fixedly out at them for a moment. It slammed shut and then the door was opened. A blast of music assaulted Kayla's ears as a large man stepped out to greet them. 

"Good evening, Mistress," said the man, inclining his head towards Joelle. 

He was a large man, hairy all over his body but his head was shaved. His body was littered with indiscernible tattoos and he was so tall that Kayla had to tilt her head to look up at him. Kayla thought she would die of fear when his glance moved towards her, but he seemed respectful. The man moved out of the way and allowed them in. 

What Kayla saw when she entered the dank little club overwhelmed her. It took her a moment before she could process what was happening. All around her, through the loud, sensual music of Trent Reznor singing "I want to feel you from the inside, I want to fuck you like an animal," came the abundant sound of spanking intermittent with screams.

Screams of pain, screams of pleasure, Kayla couldn't tell, but it terrified her. 

"What is this place?" Kayla whispered to herself. 

She couldn't be heard over the music. The walls were draped in giant sheets of red velvet, with black onyx sconces that held huge pillar candles. The ceiling was black and in the center was the most ornate and grotesque-looking chandelier. It glinted in the candlelight and was made of many different forms of people in various sexual positions. 

There were dark couches in one corner, oversized and covered with plush pillows where a naked woman was laying propped up. Her back was arched and a naked man, with an immense erection stood over her pouring hot wax on her nipples. She watched in fascinated horror as the man began to nibble on her other nipple before he pried her legs apart and stuffed his hard dick into her. The woman began wailing as the man poured more hot wax onto her nipples and down her stomach while he pumped himself into her more and more savagely. 

Kayla had never seen anyone having sex before. The only thing she knew about sex was what she had done with Joelle. She was horrified and intrigued and a little embarrassed. She would die if anyone watched while she and Joelle made love.

By the back wall there were three black metal cages that were just barely big enough for a small person to fit into. The first one contained a woman, which was obvious from the blatant display of her gaping pussy. She was bent over with her ass and pussy on display while her hands were tied to the bottom of the cage. There were clamps on her pussy that pulled her outer lips open, revealing her cavernous hole. There was another naked man there and he was sucking his fingers and then sliding them into her. Kayla gaped in wide-eyed shock as he simultaneously spanked and finger fucked this woman. 

The next cage was empty, but in the third was a man. He was on a pillow on his knees and his arms were tied above his head. There was a woman kneeling in front of him, decorating his balls with shiny, silver clamps. His cock was large and erect despite what looked like the pain of the clamps and the woman began to suck on him. She reached her hand behind his sack and Kayla was sure she was pushing her fingers into his anus. 

The look on this man's face was one of pure pleasure. Kayla looked on half revolted, half aroused. Along the next wall was a lineup of bared asses. There were seven, leaning against what looked like the back of an incredibly long couch. What really shocked Kayla were the tails that were hanging out of the butts. They were thick and black and fell down to their creamy mid-thighs. Kayla had the privilege to witness an exquisitely naked woman insert one of those tails into the last bared anus. 

It was a butt-plug, but much bigger than anything Joelle had ever used on Kayla. The woman sucked it, filling her entire mouth to the hilt, ensuring lavish amounts of saliva was coating it. Then she pried the buttocks open with one hand and spit a great wad onto the puckered anus. She lifted the butt-plug and pressed it into the anus. At first it puckered tightly, but with some gentle persuasion the anus relaxed and the woman shoved it all the way to the end so that this last anus looked like the previous six. Kayla gawked. 

In the center of the room was a great wooden X. Tied to it was the second most sensuous woman Kayla had ever laid eyes on. Her skin was creamy black and her hair was shaped in a lovely fro that was dyed metallic gold. Tied around her eyes was a black blindfold with elaborate gold markings. Matching those were the thick straps that held her hands and ankles. 

Her breasts were ample and each one was tied ornately with gold silk rope that pushed her areolas out to bulging. The black and gold contrasted so beautifully with her skin that Kayla thought she truly was a piece of art. 

But perhaps the real art was how the man standing next to her spanked her breasts with a large black paddle. He was a huge man, dark and beautiful with a huge cock that was fully erect. He held a paddle in one hand and a flogger in the other. He whipped and spanked this woman's breasts, hips, and thighs. He did it quickly and expertly so that the woman cried out for more. He moved with grace and poise and his thick arms moved fluidly. The sound the paddle made on her skin make Kayla's pussy tingle.

It was dim in the club, but Kayla could see welts on the woman's skin. Kayla watched as the man moved his arms faster and faster until the woman tied to the X howled out loud and moaned hard as fluid gushed from between her thighs. It splashed out of her pussy and all over the man, dripping onto the floor. 

Kayla's mouth dropped. This was the most stunning thing she had ever seen in her life. Joelle didn't even cum like that. She wanted to make Joelle cum like that. 

"See anything you like?" Joelle asked, speaking into her ear.

"Everything," she replied. 

Kayla was wide-eyed in wonder as she took in the sights. There were other happenings in the room; couples also using whips and paddles, bondage, ornately tied ropes, but the woman on the X was breathtaking. 

"Who is she?" Kayla asked.

"Her name is Gilda," Joelle answered.

Kayla was watching as the man who had just made Gilda cum stroked her quivering body. He was so gentle it seemed out of place in this dungeon of pain. He kissed her long and deep and stroked all the places he had just spanked. Kayla couldn't take her eyes off the intimate scene she was having the privilege to witness. 

"Come on, silly." Joelle tugged on her arm. 

Kayla tore her gaze away and followed Joelle reluctantly.

She pulled Kayla towards a corner of the room that Kayla hadn't seen earlier. Joelle grabbed Kayla and pinned her arms up against the wall. 

Joelle drove her knee between Kayla's thighs and pressed into her. Her lips were barely touching Kayla's and she was breathing heavily. Joelle used her tongue to bridge the gap between them and delicately licked the outside of Kayla's mouth. No one was really watching, but still Kayla flushed with embarrassment. 

She felt like she was melting. She thrust her hips out and tried to grind into Joelle. Joelle leaned in and pinned her harder to the wall. She leaned in close to Kayla and began nibbling on her neck. She moved her mouth up, nibbling and biting and sucking until Kayla's head swam. Kayla had never wanted two things so badly; she wanted Joelle to stop so they could go somewhere more private, and she wanted her to never stop touching her, kissing her, feeling her. Joelle whispered something into her ear.

"What?" Kayla hadn't heard what she said.

Joelle repeated the word. "Just remember that word; it's the safe word." 

"But I --" Joelle silenced her with a kiss. 

It was a sweet, loving kiss full of hidden promises. 

"Promise me," Joelle said, as she took her hand and thrust it up Kayla's skirt, rubbing her pussy over her wet panties and making them moister.

Kayla moaned. She wanted more than anything for Joelle to thrust her fingers into her aching, wet pussy. 

"Promise me you'll only say it if you need to use it and you won't say it just because you're afraid," Joelle said, imploring.

Kayla's head was still swimming from Joelle's conveniently placed hand and her sensuous kisses.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Kayla whispered, her eyes drowsy as she enjoyed Joelle's roaming hands. 

Joelle smiled and took her other hand and placed it on Kayla's breast, massaging it and sending ripples of pleasure through Kayla's entire body. Her hands worked in tandem over Kayla's breast and pussy. Joelle kissed Kayla again, this time more deeply. Kayla moaned and wrapped her arms around Joelle, pulling her closer, riding her muscular thigh and wishing that she would just rip her underwear off already.

"Promise me," Joelle whispered in her ear, nibbling her earlobes.

"I promise," Kayla said, not knowing or caring what she had just promised. 

Joelle grabbed Kayla's arm and they tumbled to the floor. 

Amidst hard, passionate kisses and some roughhousing, Joelle ended up on top. Kayla squirmed, trying to gain the upper hand by throwing Joelle off, but Joelle was stronger. Joelle grabbed Kayla's shirt and ripped it open. The buttons popped off and went flying around the room.

Joelle looked like a devious angel, with her hair curling out at the sides of her head, big bright eyes and her lovely white tight-fitting dress. 

Kayla's eyes widened in surprise. "Hey!" 

Joelle smirked and grabbed Kayla's breasts. She pulled one of them out of the bra and leaned in to nibble on it. Kayla gasped as she felt Joelle's teeth inflict slight nibbling pain on her nipples. The sensation rippled over her skin and culminated in her clit. Kayla was incredibly aroused especially knowing that anyone could see this blatant display. 

"I want you... to spank... me," Kayla said in between gasps, thinking of Gilda.

Joelle laughed and started to kiss her way down Kayla's stomach. Kayla whimpered and arched her hips up to meet Joelle's lips. Joelle reached her hand up Kayla's skirt and pulled off her moist, white cotton panties. She pulled them up to her face, closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. Kayla watched tenderly as Joelle leaned over and finished kissing down her belly before burying her face between her thighs.

The sensation was thrilling. Kayla pushed her hips up and ground herself harder onto Joelle's face. Joelle's tongue caressed her pussy as if an intimate friend, licking, nibbling and sucking on her clit. Kayla cried out and began playing with her own breasts. Joelle pinched Kayla's nipples and pulled roughly on them. Kayla tossed her head from side to side from the intense sensations and she felt like she might explode. Kayla was also aware, in the back of her mind, that they were starting to draw a crowd. 

Joelle stopped and stood up, her face slick with Kayla's pussy juice. 

"Stand up," Joelle said.

Kayla laid there, her shirt ripped open and her skirt up around her waist fearful of what was going to happen. 

"I said stand up," Joelle repeated.

Kayla was a little taken aback by the insistency in Joelle's voice and stood up quickly, suddenly feeling very foolish. 

"Over there," Joelle said curtly, pointing.

Kayla walked over to the wall and turned back to look at Joelle. 
