 The morning is so bright and clear. The sounds of the birds playing in trees could reach me from where I'm sitting under a huge oak tree. The park is still not crowded as it's still early for most people to come out. The sound of the birds and the gentle breeze coming from the trees combined to put me in a peaceful mood, which is exactly what I need.

I've already called in sick to the office before coming out here. I needed time alone to think, sort out the course of my life. A lot of things are going wrong in my life that needed sorting out, which is why I came out to the park for that exact reason. But, the park was so peaceful I just wanted to go back to sleep.

I lay back down, my two hands cushioning my head and closed my eyes. Immediately, I dozed off. I saw her dancing towards me with a sexy leer on her face. As she approaches, she keeps removing an item of clothing from her body. I looked around; I was sitting comfortably on a backed chair watching her perform for me. She finished undressing and stand in front of me naked, swaying seductively. Next, she was on my laps, wriggling like a snake. Her breasts so close to my mouth that I can smell her feminine scent. She offered me a nipple, which I eagerly accepted into my mouth while my other hand tweaked her other nipple. She reached her hand into my t-shirt and ran it over my chest and stomach. Then, slid it inside my jeans and ran her fingers over my slit through my panties.

"Ah! ..." I shouted

"You like it, huh?" she purred into my ear.

"Do you want to feel me inside you?" she continued.

"Yes...oh! Yes..." I moaned louder.

She immediately slides her hand inside my panties and plunged two fingers straight into my hot pussy.

"Oh! God....yes..."

She looked at me and smiled so seductively,

"You are so ready for me. You are so wet and slippery. You want to cum, don't you?" she whispered wetly in my ear as she nibbled on my lobe.

"Yes, oh yes. Fuck me...'' I pleaded while she continued giggling.

"That's what I want to hear. Hold me tight and say it again." She ordered.

"Please, don't stop. I need you." I moaned as I tightened my hold on her. Her fingers were now flying in and out of my pussy whiles her thumb slides back and forth on my clit. By now, I couldn't care less what she wanted me to do provided she doesn't stop her ministrations. So, I tightened my hold on her and shouted what she wants to hear, again.

"Yes, please, fuck me. Don't stop!

"Excuse me?

I heard the voice for the second time in 2 seconds.

"Excuse me, miss?

No, it can't be. My love is fading away from me. She is getting fainter and fainter. I reached out to grab her and grabbed thin air as she dissolved before me. I was speechless, I stood there looking around, and then, I felt my body shake.

"Excuse me? Are you alright? 

I opened my eyes to see a man and a woman leaning over me. The man looked worried and puzzled at the same time as he shakes my shoulders while the woman had an odd expression on her face. I blinked at them and noticed I was sweating profusely notwithstanding the cool breeze coming from the trees. The trees! Oh my god! I am still lying under the tree in the park. I need to get up, but where the hell are my hands? I looked to my both sides for them and finally locate them inside my pants. I can feel my cum on them. I scrambled to my feet and slipped my hands out of my pants and quickly wiped them at the seat of my pants.

I looked at the couple again; they both now had that odd expression on their faces. I feel my face coloring beet red and quickly looked down to my feet to avoid them seeing my embarrassment.

"Are you alright?'' the man asked me again.

"I'm fine!" I snapped at him. It came out sharper than I intended. 

The man flinched and the woman literally jumped back, smiling. I felt like following an ant hole into the ground. The man put up his hands, palms towards me in sort of surrender.

"No harm intended, just want to know if you're alright cos' for a while there, you look like you were having a nightmare..." he looked genuinely concerned.

"I'm fine..." I mumbled looking apologetic.

The woman was still smiling. I wanted to reach over and scrub that smile off her face. I turned and start walking away from them. I could feel their eyes on my back. With each step I take, I could feel myself shrinking but I kept on walking till I couldn't feel them anymore. I looked down at myself; I am not sweating anymore, rather I feel flushed. My nipples are still rock hard and I can see them through my t-shirt and the inside of my thighs are still squishy as I walk. I feel terrible.

I stop walking and lean on a tree. My limbs are shaking so bad. I want them to stop before I continue walking. I couldn't control my shaking. I feel like I'm coming down with Parkinson or something. Suddenly, everything seems funny and I scoffed,

"Great! Just a dream and I'm shaking like this? What will I do if it's the real thing then? I need a boyfriend, it's been long enough..." I muttered to myself.

Five years ago, I swore off sex and dating, after I lost my fiancé in a car crash. I felt shattered after his death that I couldn't do anything. But with the help of friends and time too, I got back to my feet except I can't bring myself to date another man cos I always felt like I was cheating on him. So, I decided to give myself time to adjust and five years later, here I am, still single and adjusting without a human contact.

And I will tell you this about myself: I've never had a female lover and never dreamed of having one. Hell, I never even imagined that two women being together will be fun—hell no, not without the hard stuff- which is the major reason why I am so shaken up by my dream. 

As I wanted to leave, I noticed I have been walking in the wrong direction. My house is toward the eastside of the park end I'm walking toward west. I turned around and start walking back the way I came.

"Fuck!" I spat on the floor.

"Great, that's a very nice way of saying hello to a stranger."

I turned around; it was the lady from before. She is alone now, which means she ditched the guy she was with before. She still has that infuriating smile on her face. I wanted to reach across and slapped it off her face. But, presently, I ignored her and keep walking back the way I came.

"Hey! Where are you going? Weren't you walking in this direction before?" She said pointing back over her shoulder with her thumb.

"Don't I know that?" I snapped at her over my shoulder.

The woman is so annoying; I wish she could just leave me alone.

"Where are you heading to?" she asked

"Home." I threw over my shoulder at her again.

"Where were you heading to before?" she asked again.

"Home."

"You have two homes?" she unbelievably asked.

I whirled around and glared at her. She stands there, hands on hips, looking so dumb and grinning stupidly. I turned and start walking again. She followed me again.

"Look, you want to sit down and talk?" she asked.

"No.'' I replied without breaking my stride.

"You want to go grab a coffee?" she continued.

I whirled around angrily;

"Lady, don't you give up? Which part of 'NO' don't you understand? I don't want to do anything with you!" I finished, shouting.

"Why?" she asked in a small voice.

"Because I don't like you!" I shouted at her.

Her face clouded immediately. I can see she was really hurt by my expression. Her lower lip trembled for a few seconds before she gained control of her emotion and gave me a big smile.

"Yeah, you are not the first." She drawled.

I turned around and start walking. I mentally start kicking myself. I feel like an ass. Everything is going very wrong today; I just wish I had gone into the office instead. She fell into step with me, matching me stride for stride. I turned my head and look at her, she is still smiling.

"It's okay, let's just walk." She said in a very soft voice.

I felt her fingers brush mine lightly. I look down but she has already taken her hand away. I look at her again- she wasn't that bad; in fact she is gorgeous. Her eyes; so wide and so blue. Her hair was a midnight black, which is currently in a ponytail. Her lips so luscious and so pink and she has a cleft on her chin and dimples on both cheeks now that I look at her very well. And, she is tall, maybe 5ft 11''. Her skin looks radiant and supple. She is beautiful. I slowly ran my eyes from her feet to her waist and down again. She has tiny waist and flared hips- very nice shape. I slowly let my eyes travel up her body and stopped at her chest. I couldn't make out the size of her breasts, but I can see the outline from her oversized t-shirt. My eyes wandered to her face again and I see she is still looking at me with that knowing smile. My steps faltered and I stop walking.

"Are you alright?'' she asks, stopping too.

"I'm fine." I answered looking at my feet.

I sit on a tree stump and she crosses over and sits beside me. Immediately, her scent filled my nostrils. I want to burrow my face into her neck and inhale deeply but instead, I jump up from the stump and stand facing her.

"By the way, I am Danielle." She said offering me her hand. I take her hand into mine and shake it.

"Alex." I choked out. I cleared my throat and try again.

"Alex."

"It's nice to meet you, Alex." She said sultrily.

A shock wave passes through my body. I look into her eyes; they danced in amusement as they held mine. I feel my nipples hardening again. What is happening to me? I am now totally confused. I know I am not gay, have never been, yet, I can feel the excitement coursing through me, just from holding her gaze. I know the dream has left me hot but this??.... 

"Sorry?" I said feeling like a dead duck. I hadn't realized she was talking.

"My hand? I will love to have it back."

I look down confusedly, and notice I am still holding her hand tight. I gingerly drop it and step back.

"Thank you." She smiled sweetly at me.

I smiled back at her rather sheepishly. Her smile wasn't that infuriating, rather, it is sexy and sweet. Reflexively, I take a few steps away from her. She noticed and looks up at me. Her eyes held mine for a while and then slowly travel down my body, stopping to linger at my chest and my hips. I instinctively cross my hands across my chest while patiently waiting for her to finish assessing me. She rather took her time. Finally, she looks me in the eyes again and smiles sweetly. 

"You might wanna come and sit down or at least come a little closer so that we can be able to talk without shouting at each other." She suggested.

I grudgingly start moving towards her, but then, I tripped and see myself flying through the air. The next minute, I land on top of Danielle and we both fall over the stump she was sitting on. I see myself lying on top of her. Her body is so soft and smooth. I raised my head to look at her and realize too late that we are too close.

"Hi?" she said softly to me.

She is so close. I could feel her breathe on my face. I look down to her mouth. The lips were so luscious and inviting. I want to taste her. Her smell filled my senses; I just want to burrow into her. I feel her fingers brushed across my cheek lightly. I look into her eyes and swooned, next thing I know, I am grabbing for her tongue. I don't know who started the kiss but I just know I want more.

The kiss is hot and demanding. We both know we want more. I feel her hand at the back of my neck pulling me into her while her other hand caressed my face. Her tongue sought out mine and drags it into her mouth. She starts sucking on my tongue softly. I wanted to die from the ecstasy coursing through my body. My left hand slid inside her big t-shirt to touch her breasts. They were bigger than I had imagined. I run my hand over them and she stop kissing me immediately. I rise up to look at her in confusion. 

"For someone that hates me, you sure have a nice way of driving the point home." she said.

Her hand continues rubbing my face and the smile is back in place. The smile is so annoying but she has such beautiful teeth and the dimples? I feel the blood rushing to my face again.

"Get up from me.'' I said pushing against her.

"Alex, you're the one on top of me." She said calmly.

I scrambled to my feet and she lay up just smiling up at me. 

"Don't you ever stop smiling?" I asked indignantly.

"Yes, why?" she looks confused.

"Look, I am sorry for what just happened. I don't know what came over me. I've never done anything like that before in my life and I don't know what pushed me. Just that I was doing it and I don't know if it is right but it felt right..." I rambled on.

I am so nervous I don't even know what I am saying. She continued smiling which is making me extra nervous. As I continue rambling, she get up from the ground and come and hug me tightly. Immediately, my hands encircled her.

"It's okay. I understand the feelings, but doesn't it feel right just standing in my arms like this?" she asked still holding me.

I feel the tears in my eyes and couldn't speak for fear of betraying myself, so I nodded on her shoulder. She run her hand lightly on my back and my eyes flooded over. The tears fall on her shoulder, she noticed and pushed me away from her to look at my face. She stares at me for a while.

"It's alright," she said wiping my tears.

"I feel so stupid and if you start smiling again, I swear I'll kill you.'' I told her

"Who says I'm gonna smile?" she said.

She stares at me quite seriously for a while until I start laughing and she joined in.

"See? It's so easy to laugh." She said

Then she takes my hand and start leading me away.

"We need somewhere private so we can talk.''

"My house is around the corner." I blurted out to her.

"Okay then, let's go." She said.

I fell into step with her. We start walking towards my house. I noticed she has stopped smiling which makes the cleft in her chin more prominent. I reach out and grab her hand. She looks at me sideways without smiling and start whistling softly under her breath. Together, arm in arm; we trudged down to my house.

I opened my front door and lead her to my sitting room. She goes straight to the couch and sits. I watch her as she try to get comfortable. She looks up and I smile at her. 

"Do you want coffee?" I ask.

"Coffee is fine, but I prefer something stronger." She said smiling back at me.

"Whiskey or Vodka?"

"Both, together, mixed." She said. 

I look at her oddly for a while before going into the kitchen to make the drinks which I don't know how it'll taste. Maybe she wants to kill us both.

As I stood mixing the drinks on the kitchen table, she sauntered in and stand leaning on the door jamb watching. I could feel her eyes on my back. I turned towards her and smiled, but she didn't smile back.

"Was there something you wanted?" I ask

She shakes her head no but didn't speak.

"Are you alright?"

She nods yes but still didn't speak. Danielle is beginning to scare me. Before in the park, she was all smiles and taunting me but now, she is all serious. Maybe she's regretting being here with me. 

"Are you comfortable?" I ask, still worried.

"I am fine. I just wanted to watch you prepare the drinks." She said with a tiny smile.

I finished preparing the drinks and carried both glasses into the sitting room. Danielle entered the room after me and went back to her seat. I hand her a glass and as she takes it, our fingers brush, our eyes caught and held. I tore my gaze from her and sit down opposite her and we both start sipping our drinks slowly and quietly. I look at her fingers as she holds her drink. She has very slim and long fingers. They are almost sexy. She is wearing a ring on the third finger of her left hand. The ring is very nice and simple. A type of ring that ... Damn! It's a wedding ring. I had totally forgotten about the guy she was with at the park. That must have been her husband. Maybe that's what is bothering her.

"Your husband must be wondering where you went." I said eyeing her sideways.

She looks at me and muttered something under something under her breath.

"Sorry?" I ask, still hoping.

"My whereabouts is none of his business." She said.

I look at her, she looks a little pissed. My heart fell. She is married. At first, I felt relieved, then, I felt sad, disappointed, jealous and finally angry for being jealous. I don't know what I expected but not this. I feel betrayed. I am surprised at this feelings coursing through me.

"I'm sure your husband cares about your whereabouts. He seems the caring type." I said coolly when I actually felt like screaming my head off. 

"He does?" she asks.

The smile was back in place. She seems to enjoy my misery. I feel the tears at the back of my eyes. I look down as my eyes filled and a giant tear rolled over and land on my hand.

"Alex?"

I look up and Danielle look worried. I tried to smile and run my hand quickly over my face. I downed my drink in two quick gulps and stand up.

"Stay here; I'll go get the drinks." I told her.

As I hurried off towards the direction of the kitchen, I diverts to my bathroom. I rinsed off my face and stare at myself in the mirror. I look flushed and I am shaking visibly. I have to go out and ask her to leave. I don't care if she is married or not. She just needs to leave. I finally pulled myself together and exited the bathroom. As I passed through the kitchen, I grabbed the drink bottles and enter the living room.

Danielle has moved over to the couch I was sitting on. She is sitting in the middle of the couch, leaving just a small space for me to sit on. I calmly walk over and sit as comfortably as I could without my body touching hers. I fill my glass and top hers. She takes her glass and take down half of it at one go. I top hers again and take up my own. I could feel her eyes on me, but I calmly sip my drink refusing to look at her.

She take up her glass and downed the whole thing in one go. She set the glass down, coughing. I still refuse to look at her. She coughed for a while and then fell silent. I continue sipping my drink. I felt her hand on mine as she removes my glass. She sips from it before setting it down. Then, she takes my hand but I still couldn't look at her.

"Alex?" she calls.

I finally turn to look at her. She touches my face with one hand while the other holds my two hands together.

"The man you saw me with at the park is not my husband. He is my neighbor. I stopped having a husband as of two years ago when our divorce came through." She said

"I don't care." I choked out feeling a little relieved.

"Yes you do." She countered.

She puts a finger under my chin and raises my eyes to hers.

"Do you want me to go?" she asks me softly.

I feel my spirit dying but I should be happy and relieved. That's what I wanted, right? But my voice sounds odd as I tell her yes. She smile sadly, then pick up my drink and downed what is left in the glass. She stands up and I stand too. We both start making our way to the front door. I open it and she starts to leave, then turn around to say something. The next thing I know, I am flying into her arms. She holds me and tells me that it's all right. Then, I am kissing her-hot, angry kiss. All the emotion we held in cheek in the past hour come loose in the kiss. I could feel the earth shift under my feet. I thought I will fall but, she is holding me up in her arms-she is rather strong. I circled her waist with my legs as she uses my back to shut the door I opened.

She carried me across the room to the sofa and lay me down, never once breaking the kiss; my hand went to her t-shirt in search of her breasts. I tweak her nipple and she moaned into my mouth and continues kissing me with renewed vigor. I pulled up her t-shirt and she pause long enough to pull it over her head and off, and then, pull off my t-shirt too. She shifts back and looks at me.
