 The early morning light woke Bri from a sound sleep... she felt content as she relived the events of the night before. She stretched lazily and noticed the bed beside of her was empty. Was it all a dream? She lay quietly for a moment, hoping that the fantastic sex and the gentle, yet hard woman who had given it to her was more than just a dream.

She heard light sounds coming from the kitchen of the small apartment she called home, and the scent of fresh coffee reached her nose.

She smiled then, knowing that it hadn't been a dream. She got up and picked up her robe as she wandered out to the kitchen.

"I smell coffee." She said as she saw Teri standing at the stove, cooking breakfast. Tying the robe loosely she sat down at the small table and watched the dark woman, who was clad in nothing more than her black silk boxers.

Teri turned and smiled at Bri, "Good morning, sleepy head. Did you sleep well?"

Bri smiled in reply and got up to get a cup of coffee. 

"Yes I did sleep well, thanks to you." She said a shy grin playing on her lips.

Teri turned and sat a plate of food in front of Bri's place, then got herself coffee. The two women sat down to eat breakfast. They talked of small things while eating, and then Teri said "I really enjoyed our night together, but I must get back to the ranch, I was wondering, do you have plans for the day?"

"Not really. I was just going to clean up some here and spend the day reading. Nothing important. Why?" Was Bri's reply.

"I was hoping that you might want to come home with me and see how I have fun." Teri said.

"You know I love horses. I'd love to go to your place for the day. I've never ridden before but I love horses." Bri replied.

"Well, you can't learn to ride any younger, though you did a great job of riding me last night." Teri chuckled at the little joke as Bri blushed deeply.

"Thanks, I think." Bri said as she got up and put her plate and cup in the sink and went back to the bedroom to dress for the day. She chose plain white cotton underwear and a sports bra. She found a checkered shirt in blue and a pair of faded jeans to wear. Then slipped into her boots and was ready to go.

While she had been getting dressed, Teri had quickly gotten her clothes back on and did up the breakfast dishes. When Bri came out of the bathroom, Teri was ready to hit the road.

"Are you ready?" Teri asked as she reached for the doorknob.

The tiny brunette smiled as she picked up her keys and sunglasses. "Yeah, I'm ready."

Bri reached the door and waited for the dark haired beauty to open it. Instead, Teri reached for Bri, pulling her close and kissing her deeply. She chuckled.

"I just had to do that, Bri. You looked so kissable standing there. Now I guess we best get going before we get sidetracked again."

She opened the door and held it for Bri and then let herself out and locked it behind her.

The sun was warm and the day bright as they roared off down the highway towards Teri's ranch.

Bri was getting the hang of riding the big black machine and was now able to watch the scenery go by as they covered the distance to the small ranch on the outskirts of the little town.

As they rounded a bend, the big bike slowed and turned down a dusty, winding driveway toward what looked to be a clump of trees. They followed the drive around and on the other side of the trees a beautiful ranch house and a fairly large barn sat hidden from the road.

Teri brought the big bike to a stop in front of the sprawling house and slipped off to help Bri to gain her footing from her ride. Oddly enough, Bri was not as shaky as she had been before and though there was a bit of a tingle in her pussy, Teri had been right...she was getting used to the machine and it wasn't having nearly the effect on her that it had had only the night before.

Bri stood, looking in rapture at the beautiful house and the luxurious lawn. The huge barn with its corral of multi colored horses. It was as if she was in a dream, she had wanted to live in a place like this since she was a child and now here she was, standing in the middle of her dream...the only thing missing was her knight with the big white horse.

As Bri stood daydreaming Teri left her and went and quickly saddled two horses, a palomino mare for Bri and her own mount, the big white gelding, Chase. Teri led the two horses out to where Bri was standing and interrupted her thoughts.

She jumped back a bit when she focused in on the dark haired butch in front of her holding the big white horse. She couldn't suppress the laugh that bubbled forth from her lips.

Teri looked at her quizzically and said, "What's so funny?"

"Ohhhh. You wouldn't believe it." Bri said "I was standing here thinking I was living my childhood fantasy except for the dark knight on the white horse, and then you appear before me, my very own dark knight leading a big white horse." She chuckled again at the thought and walked over to the horses.

She held out her hand and the big gelding nuzzled her with a velvet nose, no doubt hoping for some treat as his master always had some small thing for him in her pockets.

She patted him and reached for the golden mare beside of him. "Is this my horse?" she asked

"Yeah, this is Dusty, she is the sweetest, most gentle horse here. I let the neighbor's kids ride her." Teri said as she patted the big animal.

Bri was a bit frightened by the thought of being on the big animals back, but the mare looked at her with big, soft brown eyes and stood stone still as Teri helped her to mount.

"Just slip your foot into the stirrup and swing your leg over gently. Remember, this is a living animal, don't land like you are jumping on the bed. Lower yourself gently down." Teri instructed as she held the stirrup for Bri to get her foot into. 

Bri felt herself lifting up and gently over the animals back. Once onboard, she looked down at Teri. Everything was a bit different from her perch astride the tall mare. Teri instructed her on the use of the reins and told her to be careful of the animal's mouth, by not pulling too hard on them.

Bri listened intently to her lover's instructions and Teri had her try a few passes in the small courtyard by the barn door. 

Satisfied that Bri understood the mechanics of how to handle her mount, Teri swung gently onto Chase's back. The big gelding's head came up and his ears pricked forward. He was ready for anything this day.

"Well, how about a tour of my place?" Teri said once settled. 

"I'd love that, Teri." Bri said as she took in the scenery from her new vantage point. 

Teri swung her mount away from the barn at a slow trot and Bri's mount followed almost with out instruction from her. They traveled in silence for a while, Bri lost in the sights of wide-open spaces and lush pastures, and Teri lost in the thoughts of where this might lead. 

She was tired of being alone, that much she knew. But, would Bri like living here with her? Was she really ready for someone new in her life, so soon after her split with her boyfriend of two years? Would she want to be with the dark haired butch for more than the weekend? Teri's introspective led her to only one conclusion. She was feeling more for the tiny brunette than she had for anyone in a long time. Somehow it just seemed so right for her to be riding along with Bri at her side. Why had she fallen so fast and so soon for the tiny woman? She didn't know, and truthfully, she didn't really care. She was just happy that Bri seemed to be enjoying herself.

Bri rode along looking at the rolling fields, the small groups of horses scattered here and there, wondering how this place came to be in such a dry state. But also marveling at its beauty. A line of trees in the distance marked a small stream, one of a very few in this arid part of the country. Her lover's path was leading towards those trees and the horses seemed to know the path without being told where to go. 

Bri was amazed by how at ease she was on the tall palomino's back. Normally even small heights frightened her, but this was different. She could feel the solid muscles of the animal moving under her saddle, and see them ripple under the golden coat. She felt like she had come home. 'I'd love to live here' she thought.

As the sun shone down on the peaceful scene, she rode along and though she wanted to talk to Teri, she didn't want to break the spell. She was a bit perplexed as she saw Teri turn her mount slightly to the left and head for a small opening in the trees ahead of her. But, like a puppy, she followed her into the stand of trees. 

It was cool and quiet here. The short grass a bright green, and the small stream shining like crystal. Teri slipped out of the saddle and landed lightly on the ground. She helped Bri dismount and held her steady as she got her bearings on the ground. 

Bri looked around at the quiet glen where they stood, shielded from the hot sun and the world. She fell instantly in love with the place. She knew in that instant she could just stand there forever and be at peace.

Teri dropped the horses' reins and allowed herself to take in the beauty of the place that till now had been her private hide out. She always loved the quiet beauty of this place, but today that beauty was magnified by the petite brunette standing there in awe. Teri could look at her for hours, her tiny frame and her beautiful curves. She wrapped her arms around Bri and nibbled her ear.

"Do you like this place?" she whispered

"Ohh yes, it's just so beautiful. I can't imagine anything prettier in the whole world." Bri said

"I can. You." Teri said, her tongue trailing fire down Bri's neck to her collarbone.

"You always say the right thing." Bri said, turning in Teri's arms to wrap her long arms around the muscular butch.

Teri kissed her then, long and passionately, and when the kiss broke Bri was left gasping. Teri turned back to her horse and removed a rolled blanket from the cantle of the saddle. This she spread on the ground and motioned for her brunette companion to sit. She then dug into the saddlebag and found a small package wrapped in foil that she brought to the blanket with her. Unfolding the foil she held the contents to Bri. It was home made beef jerky, and Bri had never tasted anything as good. 

She sat with her lover admiring the view of Teri's sleek muscular body. Her first thoughts when she had noticed her in the bar that night a lifetime ago, were that Teri was a body builder, working out at a gym often and building her muscles that way. Now she knew it came from hard work and a love of that work. Somehow, that made all the difference to Bri. There was nothing fake about the dark haired woman, no pretences of how she lived or what she did. Bri found herself falling in love with her.

That realization caused the small woman to gasp, and Teri was beside he in an instant. 

"What's wrong?" Teri asked with total concern.

"Nothing really. I just realized that I could get to love this place and after this weekend I might not see it again." Bri said, lying slightly. She didn't want Teri to be put off by the deep feelings she was having for her already. 

"What makes you say that?" Teri asked, genuine concern in her voice. Her first though being that Bri was somehow unhappy with where she was and whom she was with.

"I don't know, this is all so wonderful. It's like I'm in a dream and will wake up all alone in my cold bed at home." Bri said a tear in her eye as she imagined her life without the tall, muscular butch.

Teri pulled her close and kissed her. " You aren't dreaming Bri. You are here with me and I want to continue seeing you if you will let me."

The tiny blue-eyed woman beamed at Teri. "I can't think of anything I'd like better!" 

Teri pulled her in for another kiss. This one didn't break but continued as Teri leveraged herself over, taking Bri down with her. She landed with Bri under her and her hand found Bri's sensitive breast. She drew her other hand from under her companion and found the other breast. Teri momentarily worked her breasts thru her shirt, and then started fumbling with the buttons.

Bri was beside herself as she tried to help Teri get the buttons undone. She had never wanted anything like she wanted her dark lover at that moment. Suddenly, the buttons were unfastened and the checked shirt fell away from Bri's chest. The sports bra was easy to pull down away from the object that Teri was after and in seconds she had Bri's nipple and the areola in her mouth. She captured it gently with her teeth as her tongue lashed the sensitive button of flesh. 

Bri felt the velvet pulses of heat that Teri's tongue generated travel from her nipple right down to her sensitive clit. Teri's hand was worrying the other nipple as Bri began to squirm under her. She gasped as her lover nipped the sensitive flesh and she could feel her juices begin to leak into the cotton panties she wore. Her hips began to buck. 

Suddenly, her lovers' hands were gone. She felt the warm breeze on her nipple where seconds earlier Teri's mouth had been. Bri opened her eyes to see where she was. Teri stood beside of her and hurriedly removed her shirt and her jeans. Dropping back down beside of Bri in nothing but her silk boxers. She again pressed the little woman's body down as she mounted her, one thigh pressing between Bri's jeans clad legs.

Again Teri kissed her lover, Bri's lips parting of their own accord and sucking Teri's tongue deeply into her mouth. She could feel herself getting so wet. She wanted more and ground her mound into Teri's thigh. Teri's mouth left hers and traveled downward. Trailing feather kisses as she went. Those kisses were like fire to the tiny brunette. She squirmed more and felt Teri's hand go to her breast, teasing the nipple and rolling it between her thumb and finger. Her other hand worked it's way between their bodies and deftly undid the button of her jeans. The zipper fell of it's own accord as she worked her hand into Bri's tight pants and found the top of her cotton panties. She wormed her way under them to Bri's center.

Bri gasped at the first contact of Teri's hand on her over heated sex. She thrust up against the intruding hand, and squealed as Teri's strong finger found her clit. She ground herself against the butches' hand and felt the first stirrings of an orgasm deep within herself. She begged her lover to take her then, but Teri was taking her own sweet time, her lips trailed down to the tiny rise of Bri's tummy and licked and kissed her there, pausing to circle her navel in the trip.

Teri slid down her lovers' body and when she reached her hips she paused to tug her jeans downward. Bri lifted her hips and Teri sat up briefly to pull the jeans and boots off Bri's small frame. The thatch of brunette curls was damp with her love juices and she was whimpering for Teri to get back to what she had been doing. Teri lay back down and began licking down the tiny woman's tummy with a real purpose now. She worked her way down to Bri's wet pussy, raining little licks and kisses as she went. The first touch of Teri's tongue on Bri's hot mound was like lightning striking the small woman; she bucked her hips up to meet the velvet tongue and shrieked her pleasure to the four winds. Everything else ceased to exist for the little woman as Teri continued to lick and lap at her dripping pussy. Teri wrapped her arms around Bri's legs and held her as she licked. Bri ground her hips into her lover's face. Whimpering in her pleasure. The tingles and tremors that signaled her orgasm were upon her and she could feel the velvet explosion closing in. Suddenly, white-hot jolts of pleasure surged thru her and she came, screaming out Teri's name as she did so. 

Teri didn't stop her tongue's action as Bri came, but just kept a gentle steady rhythm going as Bri was catapulted from one peak to another, ripples of pleasure folding back on themselves as they came so close together. Teri 's hot lips closed on Bri's hardened clit and she sucked the little knob of flesh gently. Bri could only groan her pleasure as Teri built her up to another mind shattering orgasm. When it came she stiffened and thrashed as the currents of pleasure ripped thru her. 

Slowly, now, Teri stopped her assault on the brunette's sopping pussy. She kissed back up her body and finally found Bri's lips. She kissed her petite lover passionately, and Bri could taste her own juices on her lovers' lips and in her mouth.

Lying exhausted from the encounter, she reached for and found Teri's hard. Slowly, she stroked them, running a fingernail around the hard nub, feeling her lover tremble slightly at the contact. 

Teri was getting excited all over again, having cum when she brought Bri to her orgasm. She could feel the heat building in her swelling pussy as Bri followed her fingertips with her tongue and finally her lips closed over the now quivering nipple. Slowly, she licked from one breast to the other, spending time suckling that nipple as well.

Teri, normally the strong, silent type melted under the ministries of the little brunette. She grabbed Bri's head and tried to push her downward, toward her now swollen, dripping pussy. Bri took the hint and began licking her way down to Teri's hot mound. She had never wanted anything as much as she wanted to taste her lovers' copious juices right then, but she took her time. Teasing and kissing her way down past Teri's hot lips, and down the inside of her hot thighs.

Teri was beside herself with the wanting of her lovers' mouth and hands. She begged for release, not something she normally did. Bri was quick to comply, and brought her mouth to the dark butches' swollen lips. Soft licking and gentle nibbles soon had Teri squirming and writhing in search of release. Then, like a tidal wave hitting the coastline, her orgasm broke and she was awash on a sea of brilliant, psycadelic colors.

When she was able to think clearly, Teri gathered her clothes up and quietly got dressed. She was lost in thought. How could she have gotten off so easily from the fumbling of the first time encounter? Bri had natural talent, but was hardly a pro at muff diving. Teri had never had that kind of experience before in her life. Even with her ex, it had taken months for her to cum from the girls' attempts.

"Did I do it wrong? Are you upset with me?" came Bri's voice into Teris' thoughts.

"Huh? Oh no, honey. You were wonderful, too good maybe. I could learn to love that. I've half a mind to ask you to move in with me right now, but my practical side is screaming that we have only known each other for a couple of days. That's why I was quiet. You didn't do anything wrong. You did everything right."

Bri smiled. "You know I'd love to move in with you right now, but I can't afford to break my lease on the apartment, I've got eight months to go before I can opt out of it. So, what do you say? Would you like me to move in, say in about eight months?"

"I'd love it!" Teri said, "But don't think that we won't be seeing each other much in the mean time." 

The sun was setting as they rode back to the ranch house. Teri turned to her lover and said," Would you stay with me tonight? You don't have to if you have to be home for something, but I'd love it if you would stay."

"Yes, lover, I'll stay tonight. After all, I want to check out where I'll be living in a few short months."

Teri took the horses into the barn and settled them in for the night, while Bri watched her work. It seemed that she couldn't get enough of looking at the dark butch. When the horses were bedded in for the night, Teri took Bris' hand and led her to the front door of the big, rambling ranch house. 

Opening the door, Teri scooped Bri up and carried her inside. Setting her down lightly, she said, "Welcome home, my lover, my friend, my everything."
