 I wondered how I got myself into it this as I stared at the five shaved glistening pussies pointed at my face - but wasn't it obvious? I'd brought it on myself.

Let me go back to the beginning, lest you get the wrong idea. I'm a normal enough girl - 5'6", thin as a rail 105 pounds, blond hair cut short in a punky crew cut, with big pouty lips, a perfect ass, and legs that don't quit. Ok, so I'm flat, but fuck you if that's a problem. Boys have always like my little AA tits, especially my naughty look when I'm all dolled up in pony tails, with pink lip balm, and my tight little shaved pussy, all slicked for some dick.

But wait, I need to stop again. I'm not some total slut. Listen to me, talking about my tits and pussy, and sitting on my knees about to eat pussy. You'd think I was a regular whore working the street corner, not just a normal college girl - albeit, a college girl on financial aid. So how did I go from, cute hardworking, can-do, girl next door, to nasty, sexy, fuck-bitch slut? Well it all has to do with temptation.  

I guess you could guess from the financial aid part that I don't have a whole lot of money. Actually no money is more like it. Not that it bothered me at first; I mean I couldn't care less about being a work-study student until I pledged the Tri-delta house. I think the tri-delts let me in just as a joke - maybe for the sake of diversity as they were everything I wasn't. It seemed like to be a tri-delt; you had to be rich, carefree, and let’s not forget stacked. These girls had the reputation for being the bitchiest, the hottest, the most unattainable, and of course the girls with the biggest most perfect tits on campus. I would never have even tried to be a tri-delt had I not been personally recruited. 

Of course I made it through the pledging, and I had to perform all sorts of silly stunts - walking across the campus quad in miniskirt and a tube top while the boys all howled at my lovely legs, shaving my pussy in a triangle shape, even kissing other pledges - gosh I'd never kissed another girl before - but it was worth it. I was poor and I received free room and board for the next four years in one of the swankiest houses on campus. Everything would have been perfect had I just kept my hands to myself.

You see when you're partying with the richest, sexiest girls on campus, the party girls, the wild ones - you want to look your absolute best. I never had any problem getting dates, when I went out dancing with Trina and Michelle, Jessica, Lauren and Tracy; it was like I was hidden behind their big beautiful breasts and their fantastic clothing. If boys saw me it was as an afterthought. Not to mention all the pretty things the other girls had, the short skirts, and the expensive makeup, not to mention their gorgeous g-string panties and their little lacey bras. I got so jealous I could scream. 

Well not exactly scream, but jealous enough that when Trina my roommate left out a stack of $20 bills on her desk, I took it. How could I not? She had everything and I had nothing. The $120 I was taking was more like $12 to Trina, and with it maybe I could buy myself a little something ... 

"You little bitch." Trina said interrupting my thoughts. I froze and the blood drained out of me. "You filthy, thieving, little whore. The other girls said you were trash, but I stood up for you . . . “Suddenly I saw the other four behind Trina, laughing, smiling, and looking at me demonically. Trina continued, "I didn't believe them when they called you a little gutter cunt, I told them you were nice. I even brought up the idea of leaving the money out; never believing you'd fall for such an obvious trick. And here you are now - caught, read handed. What do you have to say for yourself?"

I was shocked, amazed, hurt, and about to cry. I hated them for tricking me, but I had spent every cent I had up until then trying to keep up with them, if they kicked me out now I had no place to go. I pleaded my case. 

"Oh please Trina, I'm so sorry. Don't you see, you have everything, and I have nothing. I'll do anything to stay a tri-delt, just don't kick me out . . . "

And that's how I found myself in my present situation. That first night was the craziest.

"Anything?" Said Trina "Oh this will be fun." I looked at her terrified. "Look at you, just a simple, little, gutter, whore, tramp - you really thought we let you pledge because we liked you, didn't you?" I nodded, I had begun to cry, but Trina seemed to take pleasure in my tears. "That's a laugh, a poor, flat, church mouse like you being a tri-delt? What a joke. We let you pledge for one reason only - we'd knew you'd make a good little pussy licker, and we need a little house slut to keep us happy - isn't that right girls?" The rest of the girls laughed and started to unbutton their shirts. 

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"We waited a long time for you to fuck up little whore, and now we want what's ours - its your choice, do what I say or be thrown onto the street." What could I do? I nodded sadly, and bit my lower lip. The next few minutes were a blur, I was blindfolded and stripped to my panties, my wrists were tied behind my back, and I was placed on my knees. A long moment passed, and I thought it might all be a joke, a way to teach me a lesson, but then I sensed a hotness in my face, and a very delicate aroma. 

"Please!" I croaked, but it was too late, one of the girls was already pushing my head forward and my lips were touching another girl’s pussy. I was revolted, I could cry. The girl in front of me grabbed my little ponytail and ground her self into my face so that her lips parted and I could taste her juice.

"Oh look at her, she's getting wet." one of the girls behind me cooed delightedly, and it was true. To my horror I was aroused, and my little pussy must have leaked soaking my panties. I felt a hand at my crotch massaging my hot little cunt. 

"C'mon doggy, lick her cunt. You fucking bitch, lick her cunt like a hot little dog." and oh, god forgive me I could not help myself - I licked and licked her incredible nectar, her hot cunt raging, and slick against my tongue. From behind I felt my panties being lower to my knees, I tried to struggle, but it was no use, my struggling only served to confuse me more, and stretch the panties like ropes around my legs. I felt a hard pressure at my cunt, and before I knew it I was being fucked by a huge dildo. My blindfold was removed and I looked up and saw I was being filmed. 

"God you little fucking whore, that's right, pus back on my cock, fuck me you bitch, you cunt, you little tramp."

How could I help it, I started to cum, arching my back and pressing my face into the pussy in front of me. These girls were using me like a little fucking whore and I liked it. Watching their tits bounce, feeling that hot dildo in my cunt. I was the sorority fuck whore and I loved it.

"I'm cumminng, I'm cummmmmmiiiiiiiinnnnnng - oh god oh god oh god. . . . . " 

Later the girls showed me the tape, showed me how quickly I'd been transformed from a nice girl into a fuck tramp. They explained to me that my new role was to please them whenever they chose. Each time they would film me, and if I ever disobeyed they would sell the films on the internet.

So here I am now, on my knees, surrounded by five fleshy, sorority, cunts, just waiting to eat them out like the little bitch I am. Trina had said that next week she might bring me to a fraternity party and let me get gang banged, but she wondered if anyone would want to watch that film. Would you?

I write these stories in order to get feedback and meet new people. If you enjoyed reading this, please take one second to vote on this story and send me some of your thoughts. Writing a short note to tell me a little something about what you liked about the story and why, and suggestions about what you'd like to see next are hugely enjoyed and appreciated. Thanks! Cute.