 I live alone in a small bungalow on the way out of town. I have a lover, Tina, who visits as often as she can, but because she's married that's not as often as I would like. Strangely her husband knows about us, but because I'm also a woman he doesn't seem to mind, thinking perhaps that if he doesn't make too big a deal out of her bi tendencies she won't have any excuse to up sticks and leave him. I'm not bi, I'm uncomplicatedly gay. Men don't do it for me at all. Tried it - just to make sure - didn't like it, and I've got no use for the tee shirt.

Next door, in an identical little single story home, live a young couple in their early twenties. They had only recently moved in at the time of this story and I hadn't got to know them very well yet, although she was the sort of petite blonde that I wouldn't mind getting to know very well indeed. He was friendly enough, but she was reserved to put it mildly, speaking only when she absolutely had too and then as briefly as possible. I'd reluctantly come to the conclusion that she suspected I was a lesbian and was suffering from an attack of chronic homophobia. Some people are like that, anything a bit different gives them the creeps, but I've got used to it in the thirty-four years I've inhabited this earth and I just ignore it. Shame, but that's the way it is, and each to their own.

Anyway, on the day that this story really starts Tina and I were sprawled side by side in bikinis on a blanket in the back yard, just enjoying the sun and a couple of beers. We were holding hands as we often did, but other than that we weren't actually doing anything. But then Tina leaned over and whispered something to me.

'Don't look now, but we're being watched.' She announced. 'That new girl next door is spying on us.

My eyes scanned around without my turning my head, but I couldn't see anything. 'Where?'

'Look at their garden shed; she's in there watching out of the window.'

Now I could see her, standing stock-still a little way back from the window and thinking she couldn't be seen, but there was no mistaking that she was spying on us, presumably trying to find out for sure what mine and Tina's relationship really was. 

I smiled to myself. 'I think she's waiting to see if we get up to anything.'

'Then let's give her something to watch.' Tina suggested. 'Pretend we haven't seen her and give me a kiss.'

I didn't need much of an excuse to kiss Tina, I'll do that anytime. We leaned towards each other and kissed, and then kissed again, and again. Soon we were snogging properly, lips and tongues doing their stuff, and I was beginning to get turned on. I reached across and pushed my hand down the front of Tina's bikini top to fondle her breast and especially her nipple. Tina had great nipples, long and rubbery and just right for sucking. Should I, I wondered? Why the hell not, I answered. I reached around her and unhooked her top, pushing it out of the way and lowering my mouth to her breast.

'Oh you bastard.' Tine whispered. 'You know we haven't time for that, I've got to go soon.'

I knew that, but right just then I didn't care a great lot. I'd started out intending to worry my neighbour but by then I'd forgotten all about her.

Tina put her hand on my shoulder and pushed. 'No, pack it in. I've got to go to work and I want to be able to concentrate.'

Very reluctantly I backed away, my tongue almost hanging out as I watched her hide those beautiful breasts of hers.

'Now look what you've done to that poor girl.' Tina giggled. 

That was when I remembered why we'd kissed in the first place. The neighbour was still in the shed watching out of the window, but now a rhythmic movement of her shoulder betrayed what her hand was doing out of sight. 

'Come on, let's go in and leave her to play in peace.' I suggested.

'She'll only think we've gone inside to finish what we started.'

'Well, let her.' I said, getting to my feet. 'Anyway, maybe we will.'

'And maybe we won't. I'm out of here in ten minutes.' 

We didn't, and she was out of there in ten minutes, and I have no idea if our watcher finished her mission either. Not the most satisfactory day for any of us really.

But if that day wasn't so good, a couple of days later it got more interesting. It was another hot and sunny day and I was sunbathing again, this time on my own. My neighbour was out too and from time to time I could see her casting quick glances over the fence. I was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe, my original diagnosis had been wrong. Maybe she wasn't so homophobic, maybe she was just hiding deep in her own closet. Now that could be interesting, after all she was a good looking girl. I decided to test out the water a bit.

Before you start thinking I'm an unfaithful bastard who ought to remember she already has a lover, I should explain that because Tina is a married woman with a foot in both camps, she appreciates that what we have can be neither permanent nor exclusive. She knows that the relatively small amount of time she can spend with me is unlikely to be enough and she understands that I do occasionally look elsewhere.

Anyway, back to the story. What I decided to do was to indulge in a little nude sunbathing and maybe a little finger play, and see if it sparked a reaction one way or the other. I thought that if she really was homophobic she'd disappear back into the house like a rabbit going down its burrow. If she wasn't, then we'd see what happened.

The only thing I kept on was my sunglasses, and I only kept them on so that I could keep a look out without anyone knowing which way I was watching. Other than that I was soon laid out flat on my back and totally naked. I'd arranged myself at an angle so that only someone near the bottom of next door's back garden, including their garden shed, would be able to see anything meaningful. That way I figured that if she turned up there, then she was deliberately trying to get an eyeful and was definitely a possible for my team. I didn't mind the idea of her getting an eyeful, I'm a bit exhibitionistic and I knew it would simply turn me on.

I couldn't see anything of my young neighbour when I lay down, but I parted my legs anyway and began to play. I wasn't really masturbating, more just feeling myself, running a couple of fingertips up and down my slit and rubbing softly at my clitoris while scanning the horizon for my hoped for audience. It was quietly exciting in a strange sort of way to be deliberately displaying my body in the hope that she would want to see it, and getting pleasure out of doing it. But after a good ten or fifteen minutes there had been no sign and I was beginning to think my first opinion had been correct and I'd just frightened her indoors. I was also considering if I should give up and go in myself or carry on and give myself a genuine seeing to, but before I could make up my mind I caught a quick movement in her garden shed. My heart leapt and I automatically spread my legs a little wider and began playing as if I meant it. 

She was there all right, standing further back than before, almost hidden in the dark of the interior. In fact if she hadn't moved I probably would never have seen her. But now I had seen her I kept made sure I kept her in sight, even though I was busy rubbing my clit more vigorously than before. At first all I could see was her outline, but as my eyes grew accustomed to the dimness of the shed I began to distinguish more detail, detail that gave me a jolt of pure lust. She was watching me through binoculars, with one hand holding them to her eyes and the other pushed into her top, massaging her breasts. I stretched my legs wider to make sure she had a good view and deliberately pushed two fingers up inside myself.

It felt good, very, very good. To masturbate naked knowing that I was being watched, and knowing that the girl doing the watching was getting turned on by it was all that I had hoped for. I would have to find some way of getting together with her and preferably soon. Just the thought of it made me even hornier. I took my hand away for a moment while I reached under my thigh, and then I thrust my fingers back up inside myself and used my other hand to rub my clit, the combination of sensations making my hips move automatically.

I love masturbating for an audience. Tina and I do it together from time to time, usually as a lead up to a full session but sometimes just for it's own sake. It's a massive turn on. This time I was doing it for a younger woman, a girl almost, whose name I didn't know, but whose inclinations were becoming clearer all the time - and I wanted her.

I lay there, everything on display, one hand pumping in and out and the other rubbing enthusiastically at my clit. I looked across at my watcher, seeing her still spying through her binoculars, but now her free hand was out of sight and her shoulder was moving as it had before. I groaned with pleasure as I realised we were doing exactly the same thing at the same time. If only we were doing it together, or better yet, to each other. I was feeling as hot as hell and it wasn't long before I felt an orgasm building.

I closed my eyes and surrendered to my budding climax, imagining her in my minds eye, no longer hidden by the shed but standing watching me, her breasts bare and her hand down her panties, playing with her own pussy. And then I came, my bottom dancing on my blanket as I strummed at my clit, with my other fingers pushed hard up inside me. God, it was good, it was so damn powerful and made all the stronger for having a spectator. When it was over I slumped back onto the blanket, letting my hands fall to my side as I struggled for breath with a heart that was hammering its way out of my chest. I opened my eyes to see what she had made of it, but then my stomach lurched to find that she was gone.

She didn't reappear that afternoon, I lay there, supposedly relaxing after my orgasm but in truth wound up and anxious, hoping that she would come back, hoping that I hadn't scared her off with being too blatant, just hoping, until eventually I gave up, gathered my bikini and blanket and went back inside. I wasn't sure what I had hoped would happen, clearly I'd looked on it as perhaps opening a door between us but I'd not stopped to figure out how. But at least I knew she could potentially be interested.

I didn't see her the next day either, although it must be admitted that the cool overcast day was not exactly conducive to lounging around in the garden. Instead I mooched about indoors, going through the motions of housework, until I finally made the decision that I would take a more direct approach to her the next time I saw her. The chance came the day after that, when I saw her come out into the back yard looking gorgeous in a loose blue summer skirt and a white top. As soon as I saw her I knew I would just have to make a move of some sort.

'Hello.' I called out to her over the fence.

She put her hand up in acknowledgment and smiled fleetingly, and so I pressed on.

'Look.' I said. 'We're neighbours, but I don't even know your name. I'm Jackie.'

'Hello.' She replied. 'I'm Isla.'

She seemed about to walk away, so I quickly ploughed on. 'Would you like to come round for a coffee?' I asked her. 'I'm going to have one and it would be nice to get to know each other a bit better. You know, neighbours and all that.'

She hesitated and for a moment I thought she was going to refuse my hasty invitation, but then she nodded. 'Yes, it would, wouldn't it? Martin has been saying I should make an effort.' Martin, I assumed, was her husband.

There was a connecting gate, although it had not been opened for a very long time. My previous neighbour had had two dogs, neither of which were friendly and so I'd kept it bolted. Now the bolt squealed in protest at being asked to move and the gate took both of us to shift it, but at least pushing and pulling together kind of broke the ice. But eventually Isla was through and I led the way into the house, taking her through the kitchen and into the living room - much more friendly for my purposes than a kitchen. 

'Take a seat; I'll just make some coffee.' I told her, turning back to the kitchen. 'How do you like it?'

'White, no sugar, please.' She told me.

In my lounge there were two chairs and a sofa, and one chair was piled with clothing waiting to be put away. I wanted her on the sofa, so I just had to hope she hadn't chosen the other chair. Fortunately when I returned there she was sat primly at the left hand end of the three-seater. I pulled up a small coffee table and put it between us, and then sat down at the opposite end, the only difference being that I sat at a diagonal, half facing her, with one knee folded under me. I was wearing shorts this time, along with a halter top, so that position came easily.

We chatted inconsequentially for a while as we drank our coffees, each finding out about the other, and during that time she too pivoted to copy my way of sitting, pausing only to push her skirt down between her legs to protect her modesty. I smiled inside because mirroring my behaviour unconsciously showed that she was interested. It was time for me to push things along a bit. My only concern was that, as my next door neighbour things could get very awkward if I'd judged things wrongly and my advances were rejected. But, nothing ventured...

'I know you saw me the other day.' I dropped out suddenly, smiling to take away any sting. 'I saw you watching.'

There was a long pause and I could see by her expression that she knew exactly what I was talking about and didn't quite know how to respond.

'Sorry.' She said eventually, her voice just above a whisper. 'That was very rude of me.'

'It doesn't matter.' I told her. 'I didn't mind. And I could tell what you were doing.'

'I shouldn't have done that.'

'I didn't mind because it helped me get there.' I expanded. 'And it made it better.'

'Made it better?' She echoed.

'Yes, you watching made me come harder.'

'Oh.'

'Did you come?'

'Yes.' A faint ghost of a smile this time.

'A good one?'

'Yes.' She was sounding a little less embarrassed now. 

'If I were to do it again, would you want to watch next time?'

'Would you want me to?' She was beginning to sound drawn in by the possibilities.

'Yes.' I replied bluntly.

'I think I'd like to.'

'Would you mind if I saw you, I mean other than through the shed window?' 

This time she had to really think about it, but the fact that she didn't reject the idea out of hand was a good omen. 

'I'm not sure about that; I'd have to see how I felt at the time.'

I nodded. 'I can understand that. But it would be nice if we could watch each other.'

'Yes.' She agreed.

There was a long silence as we digested what we had said, and while I worked out the next step. I was still scared of creating a hostile air between us, but in the end the next step was dictated by the fact that I already felt as randy as sin.

'Well, if you see me again anytime, feel free to watch, and to join in if you want to.' 

It sounded as if I was drawing the conversation to a close, but I wasn't.

'Thank you.' She smiled more easily this time, and I could hear that her breathing was heavier. The pause had just given her time to think about it and turn herself on.

I didn't say anything; I just undid the button of my shorts and pulled down the zip, my eyes carefully watching her face. She started in surprise but she didn't turn away or even look as though she wanted to, and so I slid my hand down the front and under my panties.

It's always good to feel my fingertips reach my pussy, especially as I'm shaved and so even my mound is soft and silky, but this time was particularly nice with having Isla sitting only feet away watching. Right then I wanted to pull my shorts and panties down to let her see everything, and to give myself more room to play, but I didn't want to be too full on too soon, so I just gently massaged myself under my clothes, looking at her face all the time.

Her eyes were fixed on the shapes of the fingers moving under my shorts as if fascinated. I couldn't be sure at first if it was shock or delight that held her attention, but slowly, as I listened to her breathing and saw her lick dry lips I felt sure it was the latter. I pushed my shorts down just a little, watching for her reaction. Then I pushed a little more so that shorts and panties were both level with the top of my slit. Still no adverse effect, in fact she leaned forward slightly as if trying to see down them and then I knew that she'd be mine, just so long as I didn't rush it.

For a few minutes I played gently with myself, letting myself make a few little pleasure noises and purposely fighting a battle between trying to part my legs further with my panties restricting how far they could go. Eventually I stood up.

'Sorry.' I told Isla. 'I've just got to.' I pushed both shorts and panties down and stepped out of them, sitting back down as before wearing only my halter top.

She didn't say anything; she just looked at me and nodded her understanding.

Without the restrictions of clothing I could open my legs wider, putting one foot on the seat between us but keeping the other on the floor, and show her everything I had. I let her take a good look before putting my hand back between my legs and beginning to play with my pussy more openly. I wasn't yet trying to bring myself off, I thought I needed to entice her a little further before that happened. No, I was just enjoying touching myself in the presence of a beautiful girl.

I kept watching her all the time I fondled myself, seeing the expression on her face change subtly from shy interest to veiled lust as she watched me. She was becoming more aroused, her breathing was becoming deeper and she had one hand clenched in a fist and the other on her thigh, unthinkingly stroking it. But I was still wary of frightening her away, I needed her to commit before I made an overt approach. I intentionally let my eyes close and my head fall back as I played, deliberately giving her the chance to do whatever she wanted without me watching.

With my eyes closed I was able to just enjoy myself. Yes, I was very conscious of Isla's presence and that she the reason for what I was doing in the first place, and I tried to keep my ears open for any indication of what she might be doing too, but I was able to give my attention more to the pure pleasure of touching myself.

I still didn't want to bring myself off yet, but it was such an erotic situation that I found it difficult not to. I was rubbing my clit very lightly, with the pads of my fingertips just skating over the tip, but soon that beautiful hot feeling of an embryonic orgasm began sending little shock waves of pleasure through me and making me gasp. I forced myself to calm it down a bit, running my fingertips along my slit inside my labia from my clit right down to my entrance and back. I was surprised how wet I was, my juices were almost literally running from me. I smiled to myself without opening my eyes, sliding a finger into my slippery vagina and groaning with pleasure. I was so involved in my own enjoyment that I nearly missed the feel of her foot joining mine on the seat.

I opened my eyes to see and felt a jolt of excitement. Isla had parted her legs and was massaging herself through her panties, her fingers pressing the material against her pussy. God, but she did look hot, with her long slim thighs and the outline of her pussy showing against the white of her panties. I couldn't repress a moan of pleasure. Our eyes met and she smiled at me, her shyness melting away under the force of her arousal. 

'You said I could join in if I wanted.' I could hear her need in her voice. 

'Feel free.' My heart was hammering so that I just didn't have the breath to say more. It looked as though things were going my way.
