 The weather reports said it was going to be one of the great winter storms of some time, so Carole and Kathy decided to leave a day early, get some shopping done, and get to their shared chalet at the base of Sugarloaf before the storm actually hit. Their respective husbands, Denny and Jack, would come up later in the Jack's Navigator and join them on Friday night so that the four of them would enjoy the three day President's Day weekend on the slopes, and return in separate cars sometime on Tuesday. 

As they set out early on Friday morning, the sky was bright and clear with the temperature hovering just below the freezing mark. However, since there hadn't been any snow in the last week, the roads were clear and they had an easy run up the turnpike toward their chalet. Stopping at the liquor store in Jersey before they crossed the state line, they loaded up with their favorite beverages, some snacks, cigarettes (much cheaper here), and then stopped at the supermarket to complete their shopping before the remaining two hour drive. A hundred miles later, they arrived at their destination, unaware that a huge low pressure mass had been just behind them the whole journey. As they pulled in the drive of their chalet, a light snow began to fall. 

Carole and Kathy unloaded the supplies and called up to the mountain for the ski conditions which they found to be great. . .a few inches of new powder atop a packed base of several feet in depth. Looking up from their deck they also noticed that the hill seemed to be pretty deserted for a Friday. So without hesitation, they changed into bibs and parkas to take advantage of the superb late afternoon conditions. After about an hour and a half of sheer enjoyment, did they notice that the snowfall was becoming quite heavy and difficult to see through when coming down the mountain. It was at that point they called it a day and skied back to the chalet. When they entered, Kathy noticed that there was a missed call on her cell phone from Jack which she promptly returned. 

She got Jack on his cell only to find out that he and Denny were trying to get out of town and to the mountain, but the snow was coming down so quickly and and in such quantity, that traveling, even in a big SUV was difficult. Rush hour traffic was jammed at every turn and they were going to get nowhere. They hadn't even made the state line, but had made it as far as a mutual friends restaurant and attached home where that were going to wait for a while until the worst part of the storm was over. Kathy gave the news to Carole. 

"They got as far as George's place in Florence, and Jack said that he's afraid to go any further until the snow slacks off a bit." She continued, "He even said that George closed down because all his help wanted to leave and beat the storm. . .but it was OK if they hung out there for a while to keep he and Amy company and have a bite to eat. . .He'll call us later" 

"Hey, what can we do?" Carole said. "I guess we'll just have to make the best of it." 

"By the way, what are we going o have for dinner tonight? We brought a ton of food up here with us. What's your pleasure?" 

Kathy paused, "Me, I'm not very hungry. . .whatever we had at that fast food is really churning around in me and I don't think I'll bother to eat tonight . . and to top it all off, I'm really constipated and should take some kind of laxative, but I don't want to throw up." 

Carole thought for a minute, then said, "Would it help if I gave you an enema? I was going to take one for myself before bed tonight and it would be no trouble to give you one at the same time." 

Kathy looked at Carole with a puzzled look. "Why do you need one of those?" She asked. "Are you all clogged up too?" 

"Well," Carole replied, "Since you asked, yes I am. I haven't gone yet today and I'm beginning to feel full. But I try and have one at least one every few weeks, or so, just to make me feel like I'm thoroughly clean inside. It's a good feeling. Haven't you ever had one?" 

Kathy shook her head and said, "No, never. I've seen those Fleet kind in the drugstore aisle, but I've never had to use one. Is that the kind you use?" 

Carole smiled back at Kathy and said, "Of course not silly! If you have to have an enema, you need the whole two quarts from the hot water bottle with the hose attachment. . . you know, like you'd use to douche with." 

Just as that thought began to register in Katy's mind, the cell phone rang. It was Jack calling to say that they were watching the six o'clock news, and that the State Police had just closed the turnpike bridge to all traffic until the storm lets up. He also said that the local doppler radar was showing that they still had another four to six hours of heavy, continuos snow to endure. Kathy relayed this information to Carole, who opened the drapes to the patio to see nothing but the solid white of a blizzard. "Jack says he and Denny are going to spend the night with George and Amy and try to get up in the morning after the plows get out," Kathy said. "They should be here around noon." 

"He also said that if you look in Denny's ski bag, you'll find some of that good reefer he got last week . . .but don't smoke it all up." 

Carole shut the drapes and turned to Kathy, "There's not another soul anywhere to be seen. Our car is the only one on the street. I guess it's just the two of us for the evening." 

"I suppose so," replied Kathy. "Now what were you telling me about an enema?" 

"Well, what I was saying is that they're really no big deal. You take as much warm, soapy water up your rear end as you can stand, hold it for as long as you can, then let it all out. Did you want to try one now?" Carole queried. 

"Sure, why not," Kathy replied. "What do you want me to do?" 

"Well, since this will be your first one, we better do it in my bathroom. Since I'm going to need one also, we might as well go upstairs and get undressed, and I'll rummage through my belongings and get everything ready. 

The women both grabbed their overnight bags from the foyer and proceeded up the stairs to their respective bedrooms where they each stripped naked and slipped on robes to meet in Carole's bathroom to take their enemas. Each gazing at themselves in their mirrors as the stripped, they each liked what they saw. Carole was a beautiful brunette, about 5'4" with a great body for a woman of 30. Equally, Kathy was a stunning natural redhead, just an inch shorter, but with a slightly fuller figure with a more ample bosom. 

Kathy got to Carole's bathroom and saw that Carole was already busy in making the preparations for the evening's activities. She had laid out on the counter the red hot water bottle, with a hose and the curved, black douche nozzle attached, and was mixing a pitcher of soapsuds and water. 

Carole spoke first, "OK, I think I have everything ready. Why don't you remove that robe and kneel down on the bath mat. Try to put your shoulders as low as you can so your rear end is up as high as it can be." 

"Like this?" Kathy asked as she assumed the required position with her breasts touching the floor and her round ass high in the air. 

"That's fine," Carole replied. "But spread your knees out much wider than they are now. . .yes, that's perfect." 

Carole stopped to admire the pose Kathy had struck getting ready for the enema. Her breasts were now erect from rubbing the rug while her spread ass was up high and directly facing Carole. 

"I'm going to apply some lubricant to your bum hole now so the the nozzle will slide in easy," she said as she took a large glob of K-Y jelly on her forefinger and pushed it deep within Kathy's stuffed anus. Kathy made a noticeable 'ooh' when the finger went in past the second knuckle. Carole commented, "It feels like you have a rock stuffed up there! Well, the enema will get all of that out of you. Now just let me fill the bag." 

Carole stood and filled the bag to the brim with the warm soapy water. After expelling any trapped air, she hung the apparatus on the towel hook and knelt behind Kathy. "I'm going to insert the tube now," she said. "Now just relax and push out a little. . .there, we're ready to begin." 

Carole released the clamp and the warm, soapsuds solution began to flow into Kathy's upturned ass. "Can you feel it yet?" She asked. "If you feel like its going in too fast, or if you feel like you're cramping, tell me and I can stop it for a minute." 

"Oh yes!" Kathy exclaimed. "I really feel a bad cramp coming on. . .can you stop the flow for a minute or two?" 

With an audible 'click', Carole stopped the flow. "Here, you hold the nozzle in place while I massage your tummy," She said. And with that suggestion, Kathy reached behind her ass to hold the nozzle in place while Carole started to massage her tummy with her left hand. 

"Is this helping," She asked? 

"It would help more if you rubbed somewhere else," Kathy replied. "I can't believe that having this tube up my ass is making me this wet!" 

"Well I told you that enemas aren't all that bad," said Carole who took her right hand and began to work it into Kathy's glistening honeypot. 

Kathy was getting hornier by the second. "Start the flow again, I think I'm ready to take it all," She said. And take it she did. . .within seconds the entire two quarts of warm, soapy water was completely inside her, and she was moaning audibly as she climaxed while sliding the tube in and out of her puckered anus. "Oh, hell. . .I feel it all wanting to come out!. . . .quick! let me get on the pot!." 

And with that request, Carole pulled the nozzle from her ass and Kathy hopped upon the toilet and let go with a great gush of soapy water followed by several huge turds, more water, a few more chunks, and finally a loud, wet fart. 

"Oh my God! I've never felt anything like that in my entire life," She exclaimed. "Carole, I think you've opened up a Pandora's box!!! Uh-oh, here comes some more," as another torrent of brown water exited her ass. 

As Kathy finished expelling the remains of her first enema and cleaned herself, Carole took the bag and again filled it, this time with plain warm water for the rinse. "OK, this one will be real easy. . .just stand up and bend slightly at the knees and spread your cheeks." 

Kathy complied and again felt the nozzle slide easily up her ass. When it was buried to the hilt, Carole opened the clamp and the entire two quarts of plain, warm water quickly found its way up Kathy's rear end. "Oooh, I never imagined that something like this could feel this good!" She said. 

After a few minutes, the red bag was hanging limp and empty as Kathy settled back down on the toilet to release her rinse. In the meantime, Carole was mixing up a pitcher of soapsuds and refilling the enema bag for her clean out. Doffing her robe and hanging the bag on the shower hook, she draped her naked body across Kathy's lap, who was still sitting on the commode and said, "Now it's your turn to give me my enema." 

Kathy immediately grabbed the tube of K-Y jelly, placed a large dollop on her finger, spread Carole's ass cheeks wide and ran her lubricated finger in as far as it could go. Quickly withdrawing her finger, she replaced it with the black enema nozzle and opened the clamp. 

"Well, here we go!" She said, as the warm soapy solution began to drain into Carole. "Now stop that squirming . . .you're acting like you've never had one of these before!" 

"It's just that I usually give them to myself in private. . .not laying across my best friend's lap and having her do the honors," Carole said. "But across the lap was the way my mom used to give them to me all through my childhood." 

"Well, when it's time for your rinse perhaps you can give it to yourself and I'll just watch," replied Kathy as she took her free hand and began to slowly massage Carole's wet pussy and drove her friend to the first of many orgasms they would experience together on the memorable evening. 

When the bag had finally drained and Carole felt that she had held the solution in for a sufficient amount on time, she got off of Kathy's lap, removed the tube and traded places with her friend, sitting down on the john and releasing the contents of her swollen belly in a noisy mixture of splashes, plops, and farts. True to her word, she administered to herself the plain water rinse while Kathy stood by and watched, all the time rubbing her erect nipples and wet pussy to multiple orgasms. 

When it was all over, they cleaned up the equipment, smoked a joint, took a long, hot shower together, then cuddled ... enjoying each other's nakedness, in the goose down comforter and watched the blizzard unfold in the night winter sky. 

"Should we tell our husbands about this," asked Kathy? 

"I don't think so," said Carole. "I think this should be a special thing just between the two of us for as long as we wish." 

"Agreed!" said Kathy as she gave Carole a long and passionate kiss and they again began to rub each others secret spots long into the snowy night.