 MEETING DORY

At 5:30 PM Cliff arrived at Dory's house. Claire was already there and sitting in her car waiting. She smiled at him as they got out of their cars. They walked up the front walk to the small porch. Claire noticed the house was quaint and modest. 

"Are sure this is going to be okay?"

"Sure, Dory is a sweetheart and it is only going to be a few days. Relax, she's not going to bite you."

"I'm still nervous." 

Just then the front door opened and a drop dead gorgeous blonde greeted them. She hugged Cliff and gave him the European style kiss where their cheeks touched and the lips blew the kisses into the air. She looked at Claire and stuck out her hand.

"You must be Claire, it's nice to meet you."

"Thank you, it's a pleasure to meet you."

"Come in, I just opened a bottle of wine. Cliff you'll have to drink white today."

"White is fine. I won't be staying long."

They followed Dory into the house and she directed them to the living room. Dory poured wine for all of them and they chatted amiably getting acquainted. Claire was still taken with Dory's beauty and that she was a lesbian. It was also odd that she and Cliff were such good friends. They finished the wine and Cliff excused himself to leave. He and Dory kissed European style again and he thanked her for looking after Claire.

"Do you have things to bring in the house?"

"Just clothes and toiletries."

"Let me give you a quick tour and show you your room. Then we'll bring your things in."

Claire followed Dory around the impeccably clean three-bedroom house. It was tastefully decorated and furnished. She showed Claire the backyard which was very private with lush landscaping. Most of the backyard was taken up with a large swimming pool and outdoor jacuzzi which was tucked into a small gazebo. Claire's room for the next four days was a small but adequate bedroom and there was a bathroom just across the hallway. 

"This is the guest room where you will be staying. I use the third bedroom for an office."

"It's lovely, thank you!"

"Of course, now let's bring your things in and you can get settled."

Dory helped Claire unload the car and bring in her clothes. She left Claire alone to unpack and settle in before they had something to eat. Later they were at the kitchen table eating a chicken salad and drinking white wine.

"What do you do in the business world Dory?"

"I have a search firm. I work from home and place people in jobs. There are ten companies for who I primarily work. It's mostly a phone business so I can work out of the house."

"That's neat, I work for a manufacturing company as an inside salesperson."

"Are you working this week?" 

"I didn't today and I also decided to take tomorrow off. I'll go back in on Wednesday."

"Good, from what Cliff told me you could use some R&R time. Feel free to use the pool and Jacuzzi."

"Thanks!"

They cleaned up the dishes and adjourned to the living room with another glass of wine. It was their third glass and Claire normally stopped after two. However, the wine tasted very good and she was comfortable talking with Dory.

"How do you know Cliff?" 

"We're good friends and occasional lovers."

"Lovers? I thought you are gay."

"I am or I guess you could say bi. I happen to like anal sex and Cliff is the only one who I let in my bottom. We don't have vaginal sex but I do let him go down on me after anal sex."

Claire was shocked and momentarily speechless as Dory continued. "Cliff accepts me for who I am and I love him for that. He doesn't expect anything more from me. I have a couple of girlfriends."

"Cliff and I were intimate so I know he is well-endowed. I can't imagine taking his large cock in the ass."

"Once you are stretched out, it's much easier. I love the feeling of him shooting in my rectum. It's difficult to explain why it feels so good but I love it. We don't have sex that often, usually once or twice a month when I'm in the mood."

"Wow, I would have never guessed."

"He is discreet too and doesn't tell anyone. It's getting late and the wine is making me drowsy. Time to say good night, I'll see you in the morning."

"Yes, goodnight and thank you again."

Dory smiled as she stood up and took the wine glasses into the kitchen. Claire went to the guest room and she was feeling the wine a bit too. She didn't bother looking for sleep wear that night and slept in a tee shirt and panties. As she lay in bed she thought about the beautiful Dory taking Cliff's big dick in the ass. She tried to picture them in her mind as she still could not fathom taking anything that big in her bottom. Cliff's finger had seemed large in her bottom.

GETTING CLOSER WITH DORY

Tuesday morning Dory woke Claire up and told her the coffee was made. The pretty blonde was wearing a short terry robe. Claire put on shorts, walked behind Dory and followed her into the kitchen. She couldn't help but look at Dory's shapely legs and curvy figure. She watched closely as Dory's buttocks undulated beneath her robe. She found herself wondering what the shapely blonde looked like naked. In spite of the fact that Dory had just gotten out of bed, she looked beautiful. In fact, Claire felt flattered that she and Cliff had been intimate particularly since he had someone as beautiful as Dory as an occasional lover.

Dory poured the coffees and then suggested that they sit in the living room. She sat in a chair facing Claire and curled her legs up under her as she sat down. Claire subconsciously looked beneath the robe almost as if she was trying to get a glimpse of the blonde's pussy. Claire mentally scolded herself for checking her hostess out. The two young women chatted easily and got to know each other further over several cups of coffee. Claire found that she liked Dory and that she was very sweet in addition to being a blonde bombshell. 

"Thanks for the coffee Dory and I really enjoy talking with you."

"Claire, I was just going to take a swim and then sit in the hot tub. Please join me?" 

"Maybe later, I have to find where I packed my swimsuit."

"Oh, don't worry about a swimsuit. It's totally private out back and I swim and sunbathe in the nude all the time. Come on join me."

"I don't know. I haven't been skinny dipping in quite a while."

Both women giggled.

"Well I'm sure that you have seen naked girls before and it just the two of us."

She watched as Dory walked out the patio door and wiggled her finger to follow her. As if in a trance Claire walked out on the pool deck and looking around she saw again that it was indeed secluded and private. She watched as Dory slipped off the short robe and dropped it on a lounge as she walked passed it. As Claire had suspected, she was naked under the robe and now Claire stared at the gorgeous shapely blonde. Dory had no tan lines and her skin seemed to be flawless. Claire actually envied the pretty blonde with her nice size firm tits, curvy ass and shapely legs.

Dory then dove into the water and knifed cleanly through it hardly making a splash. Claire watched as the blonde beauty easily swam to the other end of the pool with steady smooth strokes. She definitely was an accomplished swimmer. Dory pushed her long blonde hair back, looked at Claire and yelled to her.

"Come on in, the water's wonderful but you may want to take off your clothes first," Dory teased.

Claire decided to go for it and she stripped off her tee shirt, shorts and panties. She was slightly embarrassed with her nudity so she quickly entered the swimming pool. Claire simply jumped in dispatching the notion of trying to dive. She was an okay swimmer and she glided easily through the water. The two young women swam for several minutes and then rested in the swallow end of the pool.

"Are you ready for the hot tub?" Dory asked

"I guess so, sure."

The two women got out of the pool and they both checked each other out. Dory made her nervous when she stared at Claire's body. Dory smiled and then spoke.

"Claire, with your tan lines ii looks like you're wearing a white bikini. By the way you have a great looking ass. I'm surprised Cliff didn't make a play for it."

"He did but I told him that I wasn't into anal."

"Pity, you might be surprised have pleasurable it can be. It has to be with the right guy though." 

Dory turned on the jets for the hot tub and slid sexily into the bubbly water and leaned her head back on the side of the tub. Claire entered the tub and sat across from the blonde. They both sat with their heads back and their eyes closed as the jets caressed their bodies. Claire moved a bit and as she did one jet propelled the water between her buttocks. At first, she was startled by the surge but then she relaxed and let the water run over her anus. She discovered that she liked the feeling of the warm water caressing her nether hole. She found the right distance from the jet and then she tilted her head back and closed her eyes again. Maybe Dory was right about anal sex

The two young women sat quietly in the hot tub and let the water soothe their bodies as the jets spurted water over their intimate areas. Claire was getting turned on by the jet hitting her anus and clit and she felt a mild orgasm pass through her body. She opened her eyes and looked over at the beautiful Dory who had her head back and her eyes closed. Claire found herself wondering what it would be like to make love to a woman, not just any woman as she was thinking about Dory.

Just then the timer expired, the jets turned off and the water came to a rest. Now both naked bodies were visible again and Claire stared at the beauty across from her. Dory gracefully eased her body out of the hot tub and Claire watched intently when she walked over to get some towels. Dory's ass was magnificent and Claire took in every sexy movement of the rolling hillocks. She had retrieved a couple of towels and gave one to Claire as she exited the hot tub.

"I'm going to make us a light breakfast and then we can sunbathe and get more acquainted. Are you cool with that?"

"Sure that sounds great," Claire agreed as she moved to put on her clothes.

"Oh leave those there. Here put this robe on and I'll get another."

Claire accepted the short terry robe from Dory and put it on. The soft terry material felt great against her naked skin and she felt very sexy. Dory walked naked into the house with Claire right behind her and once again Claire's eyes focused on the incredible ass. Dory walked down the hallway to a bedroom and returned shortly wearing a similar terry robe. She put out fruit, bread and juice. They ate at the dinette table and later took another cup of coffee out to the pool deck.

They moved the lounges around so that they were facing the sun and took off their robes to sunbathe in the nude. Claire had become comfortable with her nakedness and she stretched out in the lounge. She took a sip of coffee and then put her head back and closed her eyes. She was turned-on by being naked with Dory and she again thought about what it might be like to make love to her. Claire wondered what she would do with another woman but then she knew that Dory would know. Just then she felt something warm on her small breasts and she opened her eyes. Dory was propped up on her side with a bottle of suntan lotion in her hand.

"You don't want to get these cute little babies sunburned," Dory said as she poured the lotion onto Claire's tits.

"I can do that," Claire stammered, her voice cracking

"But it's more fun if someone else does it. Don't you agree?"

Claire just shook her head yes as she was lost for words. She just lay there as Dory rubbed the lotion over her white tan lines. The nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tight as the blonde massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Claire was so turned-on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her pussy and rub her clit. She lay there excited and confused. The hands had felt so good that Claire had not wanted Dory to stop. The nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. 

"There that will take care of your cute titties, now let's take care of this," Dory continued and poured lotion on Claire's pubes.

Once again Claire clenched her fists tight and this time her loins stirred as the blonde seductress rubbed the lotion into the white skin surrounding the throbbing vulva. Dory just smiled as she knew that she had gotten to her guest. That was enough for that moment but Dory wasn't done. Later that afternoon Claire was on her stomach when Dory repeated the action. This time she rubbed Claire's buttocks and covered them with lotion. It seemed that more time than needed was spent on Claire who subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Dory let her fingers drift between Claire's thighs and work the way up to the nether hole.

Dory noticed Claire trembled a little and that goose bumps appeared on her body. She took that as a sign of encouragement so she had Claire get up on all fours. Dory knelt behind and began to tongue her nether hole. She got Claire's anus wet with her tongue and then inserted a lotion moistened finger into the snug opening. She pressed her finger into the sphincter and let it slide in up to the knuckle causing Claire to flinch and groan. Dory removed her finger and then she spat onto the taut rubbery ring allowing her saliva to moisten the anus further. Then she dipped her tongue back into the bottom and Claire almost came with the eroticism of the moment. Dory alternated between tonguing and finger fucking it. A second finger was added and they now slid easily in and out of sensitive anus. Claire couldn't believe that she was letting someone make love to her ass and that it was a beautiful young woman. 

"Come on let's take this inside." Dory whispered.

They went back into the house and into Dory's bedroom. She had Claire get on the bed on all fours with her round shapely ass pointed in the air. Dory told Claire to hold that position while she got a jar of lube and a string of beads. Dory applied the lubricant to the twitching anus and Claire felt the soothing cool lube coat her rectum. The blonde began to insert the anal beads into the virgin ass one at a time. Claire unable to talk, allowed her seducer to have her way. One by one, Dory pushed the beads into Claire's ass until all five of them were buried in her rectum. 

"How do you feel? Are you okay, any pain?"

Claire nodded that she was okay and that there was no pain. 

"Good, I am going to make love to you and I promise you that you will love it."

Claire only felt the fullness in her ass from the anal beads as they were clearly thicker than a finger. Dory massaged the big round ass cheeks and reached between Claire's legs to locate the clit. Claire felt herself getting hot again and she felt the buildup of an orgasm. Dory sensed it too and she rolled Claire over on her back. 

She then got between Claire's legs and placed her mouth on the moist pussy. She lifted the thighs onto her shoulders giving her complete access to Claire's overheated twat. Dory ate pussy with a passion and she felt Claire start to tense as the orgasm built within her. Claire groaned and she tightened her thighs around the blonde's neck as the first wave rocked her body. As Claire began to cum, Dory pulled gently on the anal beads so that they popped out one at a time.

Claire felt it over and over again as she seemed to cum each time a bead cleared her anus. Her body went into spasm and jerked like never before. She was overcome with the lust of the moment as it seemed she would cum forever. Dory kept her mouth glued to the hot pussy throughout Claire's orgasms and sucked every drop of nectar into her mouth. Claire finally collapsed on the bed her body spent and incapable of any more movement. The sensation in her ass felt as if the anal beads were still in her but she knew that Dory had pulled them out of her hole.

Claire lay silently for a few minutes with her lips parted as she breathed shallowly through her mouth while her body lay limp. Dory watched her and admired her alluring features as Claire recovered from her climax and slowly opened her eyes. Looking into her eyes, Dory smiled and Claire blushed slightly her cheeks turning pink.

"You have a very sensuous body Claire and you actually squirted when you orgasmed."

"You have to believe me I've never done anything like that. I have never cum like that in my life, it was incredible."

Claire's nipples were standing half erect and her chest was still heaving with each deep breath she took. They looked bigger on her small breasts. Dory heard the excitement escape softly through Claire's lips as she slid her wet fingers over the woman's breasts and tickled the stiff nubs with the tips of her fingers. Claire gasped audibly as the blonde flicked the nipples as they grew harder underneath the touch. Claire groaned again and pushed her breasts up into the soft hand. Sensing the renewed desire, Dory lowered her mouth down to one of the nipples and nipped it lightly with her teeth. Claire cried out and held the blonde's head firmly to her breast.

"Oh my God, oh my God!"

Claire's hands reached up and wrapped around Dory's perfect breasts and the nipples puckered as they came to life. Claire, touching another woman for the first time, pulled Dory's chest down toward her own. Dory lifted a leg over Claire's body and straddled her waist. Bending down their breasts rubbed together and their nipples felt jolts of fire. Their faces moved towards each other's and their lips sought each other meeting in a kiss of pure passion. Claire could not believe that she was kissing a woman passionately and enjoying it. She was lost in the moment of lesbian love making. Dory broke the kiss and spoke softly. 

"You seem to like what I did to your ass earlier. Would you like me to make love to your hot ass again?"

"Oh, yes! I can't believe that it felt so good."

Dory then rolled Claire over on her stomach and lifted her by her hips so that her ass was in the air. It was a repeat performance of rimming and probing the sensitive anus. Claire almost orgasmed then and there and she marveled in the technique of the wonderfully experienced lesbian. Dory continued to eat Claire's ass for a while longer dipping and probing with her tongue. Then she stopped and went over to her nightstand and retrieved a slender strap-on dildo and a tube of lubricant. Dory slipped on the harness, snapped the slim dildo in place and approached Claire again with the lube in her hands.

"This time I'm going to fuck you in that hot ass of yours."

Claire remained speechless and motionless as she awaited her fate. She felt the cool soothing liquid enter her ass as it flowed slowly into her and coated her anal passage. Dory began to rub the tip of the dildo against Claire's anus, teasing her and causing her to push back against the fake cock in frustration before Dory finally pushed it deep into her. The penetration took Claire's breath away. It was slim enough so it didn't cause any pain or injury. Dory had thicker dildos but they would be for another day.

Dory stroked the slim rubber cock slowly and deeply into Claire's ass and soon they were both groaning in pleasure. As the blonde thrust deeper and harder into the round ass, the strap-on base rubbed steadily against Dory's already swollen stiff clit. Claire was moaning loudly now as Dory's fingers had begun to strum Claire's clit, as the ass was fucked really deep and hard. The strap-on was rubbing Dory's swollen clit making it tingle and throb. They were both close to a climax. Dory stroked and pinched Claire's clit and let her fingers slip into the wet cunt. With a few more thrusts of the strap-on Dory went over the edge and she came hard; her body trembled in orgasm and her juices ran down the shaft of the dildo as well as down her silky thighs. Almost instantaneously, Claire came too, her body was quaking and her pussy was gushing. Female cum gushed all over the soft hand and Dory brought it to Claire's mouth allowing the young woman to taste herself.
