 It was a warm, summer night, my beautiful wife, Jazzy, had gone to the shops to get some groceries. I took the opportunity to make our night a little special. I went through to our bedroom and onto the balcony of our two story house where we had a Jacuzzi. I placed a few candles around and closed the blinds so that the bedroom lights were blocked and we could see the stars. I put some champagne on ice and chilled some strawberries. I trailed a path of rose petals from down stairs to the Jacuzzi, then put strategically placed candles on either side of the rose path and lit them. I smiled as I walked past the photos all over the lounge room of my beautiful Jazzy. I thought to myself that at five foot three inches, one hundred ten pounds with long jet black hair, blue eyes, a firm body with D-cup breast, and a perfect tight bubble butt she is still as beautiful as when we met. Hearing the car pull into the garage, I left a note which said: 'Follow the rose and candle path.' Then I left a lipstick kiss on the bottom. I raced upstairs and stripped off then stood at the end of the path, totally naked with a red rose in my hand. My long blonde hair and blue eyes sparkled in the candle light as my slim body, C-cup breasts, and tight butt quivered in anticipation.

I watched as she walked through our bedroom door. Luckily for me she couldn't yet see me and my eyes drank in her beauty. I thought to myself. She is so beautiful she still takes my breath away every time I see her. She walked toward me with the most beautiful smile I had ever seen, half cheeky and all sexy. It took my breath away. She sees me and I see the kinky little twinkle in her eyes, my heart melts as it always does when she looks at me. I hold out the rose, 

"For you my beautiful queen." I leaned in and kissed her as she took the rose.

"Mmm, Jamie, I have to say I love what you are wearing. So sexy."

I smiled at her, loving the way her beautiful eyes devour my body. 

"I think you are overdressed, my love, let me help you." I pulled her close and kissed her neck, nibbling along her collar bone.

She giggled and said, 

"I might be just a little overdressed, my Jamjam." I smiled against her neck, enjoying my own special nickname on her lips.

I nibbled her earlobe and flicked it with my tongue. I whispered into her ear. "I love you Kitten." My warm breath tickled her as my hand slid slowly up under her shirt and over her back. I teased her with the slowness with which I removed her clothes. I put my hands on her firm, smooth tummy and looked deep into her beautiful smiling eyes. My heart was beating erratically because of her closeness. I slowly slid her tight T-shirt up her body, caressing the skin as I exposed it, until it was off. My breath caught at the sight of my beautiful wife before me. I dragged in a breath between my teeth as my eyes caressed her. She is standing before me in just a red lace and silk bra and a denim mini. Her firm, sexy body perfectly tanned and her trim, long legs disappearing under her skirt. 

Unable to resist any longer, I bent my head to suck her nipples into my mouth soaking her bra. I then undid her bra and let it slide to the floor. Then I let my nails trail down her back. Her perfect breasts stood at attention, begging for my mouth to capture them. Wow, I thought. She so beautiful. I pulled her against me, our breasts caressing each other's. As we moved our nipples hardened against each other's nipples. I reached behind her and removed her bra as we kissed passionately, our tongues dancing and dueling. I slid my hands up the insides of her thighs and stopped a breath away from her perfect pussy. I deviated at the last second to cup her succulent bubble butt and pull her closer against me. She moaned in my mouth and I almost lost control. 

Gaining composure, I slid her skirt up over her ass and bit her bottom lip. I spanked her round, little butt hard before sliding my hands around the front of the skirt and unfastened it. Then slide it down over her butt, caressing her as it fell. Biting her neck hard, I allowed my hands to trail down her body as I knelt before her, admiring the moonlight glistening over her body. I leaned forward and ran my tongue along her slit through her panties. I looked into her eyes and smiled against her tummy. I nibbled the line where her panties met her body before grabbing them in my teeth and sliding them down. I kissed from her calf, up her legs, to the inside of her thigh. My hands slid up over her tummy to her breasts, gently massaging her sensitive, hard, rosy nipples.

I enjoyed her moans of pleasure as I kissed higher on the inside of her thighs, stopping right beside her kitty, flicking my tongue over her sensitive skin. I bit her thigh hard, marking her skin as I twisted both her nipples gently. I spread her thighs slightly and knelt between them to slide my finger teasingly along the slit of her perfectly waxed cunt. I giggled as she bucked against my finger. I smiled knowingly before stabbing my finger between her swollen lips against her womanhood dripping with excitement. Sliding my fingers down her kitty, through her wetness and sliding into her. First one finger, then two. My thumb caressed her clit as I fingered her. Her knees buckled as the excitement builds in her as I faster and harder finger fucked her. Moaning as she bucked, she drove my fingers deeper into her warmth. I rubbed her clit faster and could feel her tighten on my fingers. I removed my finger and tongue fucked her to climax. My tongue licked, sucked, and tongued her sweet nectar, drinking all her sweet cum and then licked her kitty clean.

I stood and pulled her orgasm ravished body against my own. I took the strawberries and champagne then moved us to the Jacuzzi. I pulled her down onto my lap and held her to me kissing her and nibbling her earlobe. I whispered in her ear,"I love you Jazzy. I love you with all my heart and soul and all that I am and will be. I love how you are not only the most beautiful woman on the outside but you are the most beautiful woman on the inside too." Meanwhile I lovingly caressed her body. We sat in the Jacuzzi, Jazzy between my legs drinking champagne and eating strawberries as we admired the moonlit night. 

I can't believe she is mine, I thought, and smiled against her bare back. I pulled her closer. She is so beautiful and incredible and smart. In short the perfect women and she is mine. Her beautiful, bubble butt rubbed against my pussy in the water. I moaned because it felt so good. I kissed her neck, nibbled, sucked her earlobe as I whispered. "I love you, kitten." I reached around and squeezed her nipples, breathing heavily in her ear as I licked, sucked, and nibbled her earlobes.

"Mmm that feels amazing. I love you with all my heart, Jamjam." I bit her neck as I slid a hand lower and rubbed it over her sex. I traced my finger up and down her slit, poking through against her clit occasionally. 

"Oh Jamie," she moaned, her hand reaching behind her to rub my kitty.

"You like that, kitten," I whispered into her ear as she bucked against my hand. I smiled, rubbing my fingers on her clit. She gasped for air and reached behind her to stroke my wetness. I moaned and bucked against her hand and bubble butt. 

I was panting as I pushed a finger into her perfect, pink vagina and fingered her so hard. I pushed her against my sex as I rubbed her clit. Her hand was getting squashed between my kitty and her beautiful bubble butt. I began to moan and pant against her ear as I slid another finger into wetness and slid my little finger over her butt-hole. I caressed it and spread her juices over it before sliding my finger into her tight hole, tugging and squeezing her clit and fingering her cunt. I fingered both her holes and wanked her little pink nub as I moaned and panted in her ear. I felt her tighten on my fingers just in time. I felt myself tighten, rubbing my kitty all over her bubble butt. I pumped my fingers hard and fast into her treasure and ass, rubbing her clit harder and faster. I panted in her ear and she came hard as I bit her ear and cam all over her bubble butt.

We collapsed against each other and I kissed her.

"Jazzy, my perfect princess. I love you so much," I said against her mouth.

She whispered back. "I love you so much, Jamie." Then we cuddled together under the stars, happy in each other's arms.