 "Luxury Condominiums" the sign said, and for once the reality lived up to the marketing. I never regretted buying in Miramar Lakes with its spacious rooms, manicured lawns and friendly neighbors. 

My friendly next-door neighbor is Steve, a charming middle-aged man with three daughters. Unfortunately Steve came out a few years after his divorce, so we were destined to remain just friends. But it was a good friendship for us both. We visited back and forth constantly and had dinner together at least once a week. His older girls laughingly call me Aunt Trudy.

Anyway, after 10 years of marriage and a recent divorce, I wasn't looking for a new relationship.

Steve's older daughters were married with young families, but Amanda was still living at home. The youngest by eight years, she was petite, pretty and volatile. A college student, she did fine in school, but troubled him by falling into one disastrous relationship after another. She would go crazy about a new guy, focus all her attention on him, then blow up when she found the guy wasn't 100% focused on her. She would come storming home in tears, cursing the guy she had cooed over just days before.

Amanda sometimes vented to me because I'm close to her family, but not IN her family ... and I'm nearby. My affection for Amanda has grown as I watched her try to figure out life and love. And I've spent hours listening while she dissected her failed relationships in graphic detail. 

That's how I learned Amanda had ... not just a guy problem ... but a sex problem.

"How long does sex take?" she asked one day out of the blue. I laughed and blushed a little. 

"All I can tell you is, the shortest sex I ever had was five minutes. And the longest was six hours."

"Six HOURS!" she blurted. "How is that possible?"

"Well when two people have been apart for a month, and they're both horny and have a house to themselves ... you can go a looong time!"

"But you didn't ... screw the whole time, right?"

"Oh god no ... we kissed a lot and played around, talked about fantasies, napped and used a strap-on for the first time." 

"Wait ... a DILDO!!"

I nodded. She looked at me wide-eyed with disbelief.

"You're not talking about a guy, right? Another GIRL!!"

I nodded again.

"Don't let the Nordstrom's wardrobe fool you, Amanda, I wasn't ALWAYS a boring old lady pushing 40!"

"You're not boring!" she protested, although until that moment I'll bet she thought I was straight as a ruler, and about as interesting. She fell silent and stared at the ceiling while her preconceptions shifted, then, "But you were married to a guy for 10 years! Are you bi?"

"I'm basically straight," I replied, "but for awhile in my 20s I was totally into girls, especially one girl. It felt right to be with that person at that time." 

"What happened? How did it end?"

"There was no big ending, if that's what you mean. Our relationship just stopped developing and we went in other directions. We're still close, but she lives on the other side of the country."

Amanda fell silent for awhile, then, "How about the five-minute sex?"

"That was in college," I said laughing. "My boyfriend and I hadn't seen each other all summer, so I rushed over to his apartment the minute he got back to town. I wore this cute little dress for him, but I could have been wearing a flour sack for all he cared. I was on my back on the couch about a minute after I walked through the door. Talk about 'WHAM, BAM!' In five minutes he was finished and I had to wait until Round 2 to have my fun!"

She was silent for awhile, brooding.

"That sounds like my sex life in a nutshell. Five minutes and done!"

"Oh, darling, that's too bad! But that's what young guys are like, you know. It's not that they don't want you to feel good, they just don't know how to get you there. And their egos won't let them admit it."

I thought Amanda might avoid me after learning I hadn't walked the straight and narrow my whole life. But I was soon back to listening to her problems, and giving unheeded advice. 

My talk with Amanda got me thinking about the glory days of my 20s when I learned so much about my wants and needs. For one thing ... when sleeping with a man, I found that I like him to drive the bus. But when making love with girls, I found that *I* like to steer.

A few weeks later Steve mentioned that Amanda was head-over-heels with a new guy, and I waited for the usual crash. 

I didn't have to wait long.

I was reading in my bedroom one afternoon when Amanda came stomping through my door (without knocking) and marched in, her sweet face set in an angry mask. I sighed and closed my book while she kicked off her sandals and plopped down on the pillows against my headboard. She stared at the ceiling. 

I could tell she'd gotten dressed up for somebody ... her long, auburn hair was styled and her outfit designed to show off her gymnast's body; a tight little top displaying her small breasts and a tiny skirt emphasizing her beautifully smooth thighs.

I got up and sat on the bed beside her. 

"Hey, sweetie, are you okay?" I asked, patting her cute ass.

"I don't wanna talk about it," she muttered

"Let me guess ... it's about that boy you've been seeing."

"Okay, yes," she blurted, "He's been lying to me and sleeping with half the girls at school. Are you happy now?

"Of course I'm not happy," I said, scooting up beside her. "I can't be happy seeing you so upset. And I'm not gonna say I told you so. It's just that when you've seen as much as I have, you know these guys ........... and this one had 'player' written all over him. That's not a bad thing as long as you know what you're getting into and you can treat it like a good time. 

"But I wanted more than a good time," she complained. "Instead I'm just another hole for him to stick it in."

I sighed and stared at her. Then, despite her angry pout, I suddenly visualized her sprawled out naked, quivering through an orgasm! I shook my head to clear my thoughts. Getting turned on wouldn't help me reason with Amanda.

"You know Amanda, just because he's sleeping with other women doesn't mean he doesn't like you."

"Now you're defending him?" she protested. "God! Make up your mind!"

"This is what I'm talking about ... your lack of experience. You're so young something like this seems so huge! After you've experienced more and been out there more in the world you'll understand that these things have their place and ... and guys like him even have their place as long as you don't try to make it a grand romance each time. The grand romance tends to come later."

"What do you mean as I experience more? Half the women I know are bitter! Experience didn't do much for them!" Amanda complained.

I thought for a second, wondering if I dared push Amanda out of her comfort zone.

"Maybe that's because they haven't learned they need to take care of themselves more ... and they don't need men for everything."

"We need them for ... well ... sex."

"Sweetheart," I laughed. "Women can do that just fine alone ... or with each other."

"Not really. At least not all the way," she muttered, staring at her hands in her lap.

"That's what I mean about being naive," I said, stroking her arm. "Women can do that as well."

"Excuuuuse me?" she said, watching my hand warily.

"I was right about him and I'm right about this," I said forcefully, using a finger to turn her face to me. "You have a lot to learn, young lady and I think you should start now."

"I don't really understand," she grimaced, looking down, and in that moment I knew I wanted to make love to this little beauty ... if she'd let me ... and teach her how wonderful lovemaking can be. Then she'd never again settle for being somebody's quick fuck.

"You don't have to understand it all at once. But what you DO need to understand is that sometimes THIS (I tapped her chest over her heart) gets in the way of THIS (I tapped her forehead)." Caressing her arm again, I said, "And sometimes you just have to listen to your body and know that it's gonna be okay."

"It's okay to be uncomfortable," I continued, stroking her arm gently, enjoying her soft skin. "It's okay to be nervous," stroking her firm thigh below her tiny skirt. "And it's really normal to be scared. All that's okay. But nothing bad is gonna happen." 

She sighed, still staring down at her hands. 

"You're gonna feel silly," I said, lightly kissing the point of her shoulder just below the strap of her top. "And you're going to feel really unsure," kissing again. "And then at some point ... you won't," kissing the top of her shoulder just an inch from her neck.

Then I scooted closer, leaned in and kissed the side of her neck, just below her perfect little ear. She giggled and her mouth curved into a smile.

"Giggling is okay," I whispered, and lifting her hair aside I kissed the back of her neck, softly, three times. She made a tiny, protesting noise, but I took her chin in my hand, leaned forward, nibbled at her ear lobe then bit down lightly.

She laughed once, and shivered.

"Laughing's okay," I whispered, and lifting her hand I kissed the backs of her fingers, turned her hand over and kissed her palm. She made a sound halfway between a giggle and a sigh. I kissed her just behind the ear.

"I .. I don't know ... I don't know," she said, pulling away slightly.

"You don't have to know. What does your body say?" stroking her arm gently.

"I don't KNOW!"

She leaned away from me, but I took her hair again, lifted it and kissed the back of her neck, sucking lightly.

"If you pay attention you might feel a tingle," and again I kissed her ear, but this time I bit her lightly and slid my tongue along behind my teeth. I felt her shudder. So I dipped the tip of my tongue into her ear and she shook again. My hand stroked her leg and her hands pushed restlessly against her thighs. 

"Goosebumps?" I whispered, then, "It's just pleasure." She pulled away slightly, avoiding my gaze. But I took her chin again and turned her face to me.

"I'll make you a promise," I said, looking into her eyes. "Nothing bad is gonna happen. Cross my heart," as I stroked her leg.

"Okaaaay," she whispered uncertainly, her eyes now locked on mine.

"Have you ever kissed a girl before?"

"A long time ago," she whispered, looking away.

Then I tilted Amanda's face to mine with a finger and kissed her lightly on the lips. She stayed motionless, her eyes closed. So I kissed her lips again, lightly. Then I leaned around and kissed her ear again. Then back to her lips, my open hand resting lightly on her warm throat.

Again I kissed her lips and this time felt a slight movement in response. So I kissed her again and again there was the slightest response.

"I ... I ... I don't know," she protested, leaning away, but not very far.

"I think you do know," I said, stroking her soft shoulder. "Have I ever lied to you before?"

"No," she whispered, looking up at me shyly.

"Have I ever steered you wrong before?" I asked, caressing her hair.

"No."

"I know," I said, gripping a handful of Amanda's hair and pulling her gently closer to me. "It's so hard sometimes to admit that someone might have a point."

I kissed her ear again lightly.

"But you see the secret is, I've been your age, and you've never been my age."

She made a small protesting sound, but I leaned in and kissed her ear again, then turned her face to me and kissed her lips. This time I pressed harder and her lips opened slightly. I dipped the tip of my tongue quickly between her lips, then retreated. Again I moved my mouth to her ear and my tongue stroked her there, drawing a gasp. And again I kissed her neck, licking her a little. She gave another tiny gasp. Drawing back slightly I whispered ...

"Now ... what does your body say?"

"I .. I don't know," she said tentatively, leaning away and covering her face with her hands. She pulled her knees up almost to her small chest.

"I think you DO know," I said firmly. "Look at me."

I pulled her towards me, took her face between my hands and delivered a forceful kiss, pushing my tongue between her passive lips and tasting her sweet mouth for the first time. I released her and she made a tiny noise, between and grunt and a squeak. 

"Sort of scary?" I asked softly. "But not a bad scary?" 

"No," she admitted, "not bad" ... then "I'm so confused!"

"You're confused because this boy just totally fucked you over. And you're a little horny. Boys SUCK!" she giggled. 

I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed her back onto the pillows, leaned in and kissed her hard on the lips, darting my tongue briefly into her mouth. I pulled back and smiled at her.

"We'll make a deal. You don't have to do anything to me. I'll do it all to you. Okay? So it's all about you."

She gazed at me uncertainly, a small smile coming and going from her face. But she also touched me, briefly and lightly, on the bare skin just below my throat. I smiled, hoping that meant she was willing.

"It's all about feeling okay, being nice to your body, eh?" I said, caressing her leg from her soft thigh down to her smooth calf.

"Okay?" she said, a question, glancing quickly up into my eyes.

"Okay," I replied, "It's just a little pleasure," and I leaned in to kiss her cheek. "Actually it's a lot of pleasure, but we won't tell anybody."

Then I kissed her and kissed her ... on her lips and neck, then back to her lips, kissing deeper and slower while one hand caressed her neck. I leaned back and rose to my knees.

"C'mere," I commanded, "On your knees," pulling her up until we were kneeling face to face on the bed.

I took both her arms above the elbow and held them firmly, controlling her. She's a good six inches shorter than me, but she raised her face so I could kiss her again, deeply, while I held her arms behind her. Her tongue responded, wrestling slowly with mine inside her sweet, wet mouth. 

"You don't have to do anything to me," I whispered, kissing her again and again, "if you don't want to."

My tongue was deep in her mouth ... exploring, tasting ... and finally she was kissing me back, her tongue cautiously testing my lips, dipping slightly into my mouth. I sucked on her tongue and it retreated, but then it was back and I invited her in, sucking lightly, willing her tongue to wrestle with mine and explore my mouth. She moaned and I moaned with her. My whole body felt hot and there was a definite moistening between my legs. I couldn't WAIT to make her come!

"Can I get a giggle?" I said, kissing her with one hand behind her neck and the other sliding down to cup her ass. She has the prettiest butt, full and firm. I leaned her slightly backward with the force of my kiss, while stroking her ass. And now she was kissing me back, mouth to mouth and tongue to tongue. And for the first time I felt Amanda's hands on me, tentatively brushing my breast, then cautiously stroking my side.

"I know ... it seems weird the first time," I whispered

Again I held her with one hand behind her neck and the other on her ass, pulling her hips against mine, kissing and kissing, her soft lips and wet mouth responding to my every move. Her hands slid from my shoulders down my arms. Our kisses alternated between deeply searching and playful pecks and she gave a disappointed moan when I briefly pulled back. I moaned, myself, at times, excited that I would soon taste every part of Amanda.

We were in full make-out mode, now, kissing deeply without hesitation. I was getting seriously hot and she was, too. Pressed tightly together, I could feel her small breasts pressing against my larger ones. My nipples felt tight and sensitive and just thinking about her nipples made me groan with anticipation.

Sliding my hands down, I took hold of the bottom edge of her camisole top and slid it up, baring her waist. Our faces were inches apart, our eyes locked while I pulled her top up, and she raised her arms so I could lift it off her. She was letting me undress her!

I tossed her top away and looked down at the sweet little bra she wore, cupping her small, round breasts. My mouth watered when I thought of how she'd moan when I suckled those beauties. I kissed her deeply again while squeezing her ass with both hands, then firmly pushed her onto her back on the bed.

In one motion I took the waistband of her tiny skirt and pulled it down her legs. Not only did she not object, she lifted her legs and turned them to the side so I could pull off her skirt and throw it aside. Her tiny white panties matched her lacy bra. 

"You really dressed up nice for him, didn't you? That silly boy."

I laid down on top of Amanda and kissed her deeply, Frenching her hard while my hands held her head. I could feel her legs flanking my waist and her hands tentatively stroking the sides of my breasts while her tongue tangled with mine.

Breaking our kiss, I rose up slightly and pulled one of her bra cups down to expose her breast. A wave of heat rushed through my body as I saw her small, pale breast topped by a small, dark nipple like a Hershey's kiss. My mouth took possession of that nipple, sucking hard from the first and her gasp was followed by a deep moan of arousal.

I raised up, took off my reading glasses and put them on the nightstand. 

"I won't need those anymore," I declared and leaned over her again, sucking her stiff little nipple into my mouth and nipping it lightly with my teeth. She gasped and her body jerked and she briefly pulled away before changing her mind and arching her back, offering her breast to me. I sucked her hard, then pulled off her other bra cup and switched my mouth to that nipple, sucking hard from the start.

"OH!" she gasped, and her hands lightly caressed my head. I kept suckling and she whimpered. Impatiently I forced my hands behind her back, unhooked her bra and threw it aside. 

I pushed her legs wide and laid on top of her, barely in control by now, hungry for every inch of her, eager for her moans and sighs. I kissed her hard and unrelenting, letting her know she was mine, driving my tongue deep into her mouth. Her mouth opened eagerly, her tongue meeting mine.

"Mmph! Umph!" she grunted, welcoming my oral assault. My hand reached back to stroke her leg, enjoying the firm smoothness and eager to have it wrapped around me.

Rising up I pressed her thighs apart and scooted down until my face was over her V. I could feel the heat rising from her pussy and smell her arousal. Her panties were so sheer I could easily see her plump, bare pussy lips and the neatly trimmed patch of pubes covering her mound.

I opened my mouth and pressed it down over her pussy, blowing my warm breath against her and breathing in her musk of wetness and arousal. She sighed briefly, then I lifted my face away from her crotch and replaced my mouth with my hand, pressing against her damp mound.

"I know, I'm a terrible tease," I smiled up at her, and she stared back and thrust her hips up slightly.

I was thrilled by Amanda's responses. Whether inhibited or insensitive ... some girls barely react when caressed. But Amanda had a whole symphony of responses to my touch, ranging from tiny, surprised squeaks to loud gasps to full-throated moans. And it wasn't just the sounds she made. Her hips rose when she expected me to touch her pussy and her legs gripped and squeezed. She arched her back to present her breasts and her hungry mouth pursued mine whenever they were near each other.

And she watched! I looked up to see her wide-eyed, watching me suck her nipples, watching me kiss the inside of her thigh, watching me mouth her crotch. Seeing me do things to her seemed to arouse her as much as my touch on her sensitive skin. Sometimes she started to moan before I even touched her, anticipating the feel of my fingers and mouth!
