 Some time later Amanda stretched languidly and woke, warmed by a deep sense of satisfaction. It took her a moment to recall that the long arms around her ... and the firm body spooning her ... belonged to Trudy, the hot woman from next door.

"Ohmygod!" she thought sleepily, "That started out strange ... but ended up AWZUM!"

She'd been surprised and hesitant when she realized Trudy was seducing her. But she'd waited too long to say no, partly from affection and partly curiosity. In the end, Trudy's light kisses and gentle words had aroused her more and more until there was no turning back.

She drowsily reviewed the events of the afternoon, recalling the ways Trudy teased her to a high state of arousal, then drove her to climax after climax. And she realized that Trudy's expert lovemaking had awakened a hunger in her young heart.

Instead of a sometimes pleasurable task she performed to hold a guy's attention, sex could provide an intimate connection and glorious explosion of satisfaction. 

And it could also mean a sore pussy and ass, she thought wryly, gently touching between her legs.

"I want more of that," Amanda mused to herself, "And I want to make Trudy feel what she made ME feel!"

What had generous, sexy Trudy gotten out of the afternoon, Amanda wondered? She recalled Trudy's face when she was lowering her mouth to Amanda's pussy, or when she was on top driving her dildo hard. Trudy was obviously enjoying herself, but just as clearly she hadn't peaked.

That bothered Amanda. Somehow pleasure that wasn't mutual seemed incomplete. She'd have to do something about that! But for the moment it was enough to enjoy Trudy's firm breasts pressed against her back and the whisper of her breath against her neck. 

Amanda doubted if she could wield the strapon with enough skill to satisfy Trudy. That would surely take some practice! But there were other things she could do ... things she knew about a woman's body and how to make it thrum with pleasure. There were things she had done to herself, or dreamed about someone doing!

Turning over, Amanda found Trudy's full breasts in front of her ... much larger than her own. Smiling she sucked a soft nipple into her mouth and began licking gently around it, sometimes brushing the slowly stiffening nub.

Trudy sighed sleepily, opened her eyes, and saw Amanda's pretty face pressed against her breast, her wet mouth and tongue teasing pleasure signals from her nipple. Their eyes met and both smiled, knowing they had hours to explore and enjoy.

"Oh sweetheart, that feels soooo good!" Trudy cooed. "Don't stop!"

"Don't worry," Amanda thought to herself, "I won't stop until you're cumming and cumming the way you made me cum!" and she sucked Trudy's long nipple into her mouth and let it slip out slowly while scraping lightly between her teeth. Trudy moaned softly with delight.

Amanda continued suckling while she took Trudy's breast in both hands, pulling it towards her mouth while admiring its softness and firm weight. For a second she recalled her first boyfriend ... the one she'd often made out with for hours. She'd been afraid to let him go too far, and he responded by stroking her tiny breasts and teasing her nipples until she almost fainted with arousal. She'd gone home from those sessions with her head spinning and her panties soaked.

Now she set out to give Trudy the same treatment. Her fingertips brushed softly over the older woman's breast, tracing invisible lines towards her areolae. Meanwhile her mouth sucked then slowly released Trudy's nipples, sucked and released. Trudy's hands were in Amanda's hair, her fingers tangled in the dark red mass, gently holding the girl's face against her chest.

"Ooohhhh!" Trudy gave a long, low sigh.

"Now the other one," Amanda thought, switching her attention to Trudy's other breast. She played with it for awhile, stroking delicately, pinching the nipple lightly as the areola slowly contracted and the big nub stiffened. Then she deliberately held Trudy's gaze as she covered the nipple with her wet, warm mouth. Trudy looked into Amanda's eyes as the younger woman suckled her hard, then bit her firmly.

"Mmmumph!" Trudy grunted with pleasure, her eyes wide.

Amanda caressed Trudy's breast while her mouth teased and occasionally tormented her nipple. Sometimes she stared into Trudy's eyes and other times she closed her eyes to focus on drawing more pleasure out of her lover's sensitive nub.

Freeing one hand, Amanda stroked Trudy's side down to her deeply indented waist and up to her hip. She reached around and squeezed a handful of Trudy's full ass, then gently brushed her fingers down her long leg. But she never stopped licking and suckling.

The younger woman's fingertips descended, finally into Trudy's 'V' where her firm thighs spread wide to welcome the intrusion. Celibate for months, Trudy neither trimmed nor shaved between her legs and Amanda's hand found a thick jungle of dark blonde curls. She took a handful and pulled gently, slowly letting Trudy's pubes slip between her fingers. Probing deeper she found a damp tangle guarding Trudy's pussy and she slid one finger slowly down, down until she found the top of her lover's slit ... swollen, wet and open.

Her fingertip explored further, finding soft, slick wetness wherever she touched, then Trudy's opening and a steady ooze of pussy juice. Amanda dipped her finger inside, finding the older woman tighter than she expected, and Trudy gave a sharp gasp.

"AAAH!"

In and out, slowly, Amanda slid her finger a few times, deeper with each penetration. Then she pulled her wet finger out and slid it slowly up ... searching for Trudy's clit. She found the firm little bump guarded by a soft fold of skin and drew her wet finger slowly across it. 

"MMMAAAAH!" Trudy exclaimed and thrust her hips up. 

Down now, with breathtaking slowness, Amanda slid her finger back across Trudy's clit and now the older woman was panting lightly.

Up and down Amanda slid her finger, a little faster, putting the slightest pressure on Trudy's clit, occasionally dipping inside her to collect more wetness. And Amanda never stopped suckling Trudy's nipple. She had to focus to do both tasks at once.

Trudy was squirming now, her body assaulted with pleasure above and below, issuing a steady stream of gasps and short moans. One hand held Amanda's head against her breast and the other rested on her bare hip while she gazed down with amazement at her young lover.

"God, she's got me close!" Trudy thought, her whole body awash in pleasure, her nostrils filled with the scent of her own aroused pussy.

"Uh, uh, uh," she grunted softly.

"She's getting close," Amanda thought, feeling the growing tension in Trudy's body and listening to the rising pace of her breathing. But still she kept suckling steadily on Trudy's nipple and sooo gently stroking her clit. She had no intention of rushing. She reveled in the softness of Trudy's skin ... on her belly and legs ... and the faint, flowery scent of her combined with the smell of her musk.

Amanda slowly slid her finger deep inside Trudy, coating her finger with more of the older woman's juices, then used her finger to spread the lubricant generously on and around the firm bump of her clit. Slowly at first, but gradually speeding up, she brushed Trudy's clit lightly but firmly again and again, over and over, faster and faster, until ... 

"Uh, uh, uh, UH! UH!" Trudy grunted and suddenly she was cumming, cumming HARD! Her whole body convulsed and Amanda had to grasp her big breast to keep it in her mouth, while she continued the pressure on Trudy's clit.

"WAAAAAAAAAHH!" Trudy cried, convulsing again, her hips thrusting, as a blast of pleasure swept from her loins ... somehow intensified by the eager little mouth sucking her nipple just short of pain. "AAAAAAAAAHH!"

Trudy's eyes were screwed shut and her mouth was open wide giving cry after cry of pleasure while her body jerked and strained under Amanda's twin assaults. Juices flooded from her pussy and without thinking she suddenly grabbed her unoccupied nipple and tugged it, hard! 

"AAAAAAANGHHH!" she wailed, again and again, "AAAGHH!!! AAAAHH!! before at last beginning to come down from her crest, her convulsions growing weaker and her cries of completion quieter. She grabbed a handful of Amanda's hair and pulled her mouth off her nipple, now painfully tender. And she clamped her legs closed, trapping Amanda's hand and stilling her skillful little fingers.

Amanda felt a deep sense of satisfaction at bringing Trudy to a strong climax. Straining upwards her mouth sought Trudy's in a kiss that turned into a long, slow duel of tongues first in Trudy's mouth then Amanda's. 

"I can't believe I'm kissing a woman and it's wonderful!" Amanda thought, recalling her surprise at Trudy's first tentative kisses, and more surprise when she found herself responding. Unsettled at first, she had soon returned those kisses with eager pleasure.

Suddenly she remembered the first time she'd seen Trudy. She'd been in the pool with her boyfriend, enjoying the cool water and hot sun and talking about a party the night before.

"WOW!" he said suddenly, his eyes focused on something behind her. Turning towards the clubhouse, Amanda saw Trudy walking towards them. A sunhat and sunglasses concealed her face and a thin sarong around her hips flowed gracefully as she walked. Her bikini covered everything that should be covered, while concealing nothing. 

"You said you didn't like big tits!" Amanda accused him. 

"I said I don't like big, SAGGY tits," he corrected. "THOSE are not saggy!"

"Yeah, but she's old," she retorted, and he gave her an odd look.

"I don't know how old she is ... but she's definitely not TOO old!"

She'd been chilly to her boyfriend the rest of the day, and sent him home that night without even a hand job. She'd only dated him for a couple more weeks anyway, but she never forgot his reaction to Trudy. 

She'd seen Trudy often after that, at the pool or coming and going from her condo. And when Trudy and her father became friends, she saw the wholesome blonde beauty nearly every day. Trudy was always stylishly dressed, but more than her clothes Amanda envied her poise and confidence. She wondered if people would ever look at HER and see confidence!

Amanda also noticed that Trudy and her father seemed to communicate on a different level ... exchanging knowing glances, using words with second meanings and laughing together at jokes that didn't seem like jokes to the younger woman. She quickly realized they were often talking about men and sex. She wasn't sure why a straight woman and a gay man would talk about sex, but she was sure they did.

The more she was around Trudy, the more she liked and admired her, to the point that one day she blurted that she wished she had big breasts like her neighbor. 

"No you don't!" Trudy exclaimed, "Your tits are perfect for your body and, believe me, big boobs can be bad news!"

"Why do you say that?"

"Some guys care about nothing but big tits and they're a pain!" Trudy explained. "They don't care who you are, they just want to get their hands on your tits. I've spent half my life getting rid of those jerks!"

"Bras and clothes are a problem when you have big boobs," she continued. "There are lots of styles I can't wear and I'm constantly searching for bras with good support that don't make me look like somebody's granny!"

"I guess I can see that," Amanda admitted reluctantly. 

"So don't tell me how you want big tits, when yours are perfect for you!" Trudy insisted.

Amanda had stopped wishing for big tits after that discussion, grudgingly admitting that Trudy was right. Her breasts might be small, but they were round and firm and looked great. And her nipples were plenty sensitive ... sometimes too sensitive, getting tender at inconvenient times.

Right now her nipples were sensitive after Trudy's attentions, but Amanda was willing to bet Trudy's nipples felt the same. She nuzzled her face into Trudy's breasts as the two of them caressed and cuddled. 

"You're okay with this, aren't you?" Trudy asked, curious about her young lover's state of mind.

Amanda thought for a few seconds.

"I'm surprised, I guess. Surprised that you ... wanted me, wanted to do this with me. I'm surprised that I ... got into it so quickly ... just fell right in and let it happen. And kept wanting MORE!

"I've always liked you," Amanda added, looking up at Trudy, "and thought you were sexy. But I never thought that we ... that you'd do anything. It never crossed my mind until you kissed me the first time. I was shocked! I knew what would happen if you kept kissing me and I was confused, a little scared ... curious!

"The feelings, were sort of like when I lost my virginity ... but the sexy stuff was a lot more fun!"

Trudy sighed.

"I know what you mean! I love sex with a guy who cares about me and knows how to push my buttons. But so many guys are clueless and selfish! I don't know about all girls, but the girls I've been with are more sensitive to my needs, more interested in ME!" 

They rested, caressed and talked for a long time until Amanda began to feel desire stirring. She started stroking Trudy's thighs, her fingertips drifting up and down, and the older woman sighed with anticipation. She shifted her weight, preparing to lie on top of Amanda when the girl surprised her by quickly rolling her onto her back and straddling her hips. Amanda's hands slid under Trudy and she leaned down to deliver a hard kiss, then she leaned back. Trudy smiled.

"Is the kitten feeling playful?" she asked.

"Mmm, this kitten is feeling more like a tiger!" Amanda replied and, suddenly curious, reversed herself until she was straddling Trudy's waist and able to look closely at her pussy. 

Amanda had never seen another woman's pussy up close. She'd barely looked at her own aside from the times she gingerly trimmed and shaved her dark red bush. When not aroused, her pussy was a thin slit between pale, plump outer lips. Parting Trudy's thick pubes she found similar swollen lips with a much wider gap between. Dark pink inner lips protruded and down between them she saw inviting depths in bright pink. Her own clit was a half-hidden bump that took a long time to swell and make itself felt. Trudy's clit, with its hood drawn back, was twice the size at the tip of a visible shaft. 

"This is a full-grown woman's pussy," Amanda mused, her eyes and fingers exploring further. She'd expected to be repulsed by the sight, and the faint, musky aroma rising from Trudy's puss, but found she wasn't. She was intensely curious. Trudy had kissed, sucked and deeply tongued her pussy with obvious eagerness. But Amanda suddenly hesitated at the thought of returning the favor. It was her turn, but she didn't feel ready. Nervously she sat upright, trying to think of something to say.

Trudy's eyes and hands, meanwhile, had been stroking Amanda's gorgeous heart-shaped ass, her tiny puckered asshole and the thick pussy lips peeking from between her thighs. She also enjoyed feeling the girl's fingers exploring her pussy. Trudy recalled the first pussy she'd examined at leisure, between the legs of a pretty young matron whose children and husband were away for the weekend. 

Trudy was at her first job, selling women's clothing at an upscale boutique, when the woman asked for help choosing an outfit. There were many trips from the display floor to the dressing room, and long discussions about fit and color and fabric. But Trudy was more and more aware that the woman was putting herself on display. She never turned away modestly while trying numerous outfits. Her bra and panties were sheer, her nipples half erect and her pussy bare. Trudy trimmed her own bush before wearing a swimsuit, but a totally bare pussy seemed strange and provocative. 

Finally they had been in a dressing room, when the woman -- wearing only panties -- spoke softly.

"You have a very nice body, and great breasts, so firm and high. Do you think my body looks okay? My ass is kinda big and I'm worried my breasts are starting to sag."

Trudy had been trying not to stare at the woman's lush body for an hour and finally had an excuse to look.

"N ... no!" she stammered, glancing quickly at the other woman, "you look great ... uh, fine," tearing her eyes away to study the top in her hands.

"You're sure?" the young mother insisted quietly, stepping closer and holding her large, pale breasts up for inspection. "You should give them a good look."

As if hypnotized, Trudy turned and looked, the woman's full breasts only a foot from her face. Perhaps they did sag a tiny bit, but they were beautifully shaped still, with thick nipples and large brown areolae. Time seemed to stand still and she lost herself looking. The expression on the young matron's face was questioning ... her breathing quick and shallow. Trudy was speechless, confused by her feelings. Surely she wasn't getting turned on by this display of female flesh! Then the young mother started slowly pinching and pulling her nipples.

"You don't think my nipples are too big, do you? Too dark?" the woman whispered softly. "I worry about them showing."

Her own nipples were sensitive knots by now, and Trudy felt a wave of warmth spread from her pussy through her entire body. She uttered a tiny, helpless whimper and the young woman simply stepped closer and offered a nipple to Trudy's lips.

Seconds later she had the young matron backed against the dressing room wall, hungrily suckling her nipple while the woman sighed, caressed her head and the world spun slowly around them. That night she slept with a woman for the first time, discovering a new world of unforgettable feelings and sensations. For the first time she experienced the glorious release of someone else's fingers teasing her to completion while slow passionate kisses occupied her mouth. And she learned the overwhelming magic of a skilled tongue between her legs.

Lying together afterwards, she asked the young matron, "How did you ... why did this happen?"

"I'm straight," the woman whispered in the dim light, stroking Trudy's hair, "but four times in my life I've met women ... it's like there's a direct connection between my eyes and my puss. Four times I've looked at another woman and I was captured ... overwhelmed by them! 

"The first time, the other woman sensed my reaction, felt me on her wavelength, took me to bed and showed me incredible things. Then I never saw her again!

"Two other times, I felt the connection, but the other woman didn't know, and I wasn't brave enough to tell them how I felt. 

"Then a month ago I saw you walking through the mall and I was struck again. So I waited for my chance. And now I need to taste you again!" she said, leaning in for a deep kiss. 

But the affair was short, only 24 hours, before her lover told Trudy it was over.

"You're wonderful," she said, "but I have to go back to my life ... my husband and boys."

Trudy accepted the inevitable with sadness, but never forgot that night of exploration and passion. She thought about it often, sometimes elated sometimes confused. But finally she accepted that her sexuality could go beyond the usual norms with the right person. 

No doubt there were ugly pussies out there, Trudy thought, stroking Amanda's. But since that glorious first experience she had seen nearly a dozen and all had been beautiful. Each was a different invitation and feast for the senses. Amanda's pussy made Trudy ache with desire and she was thrilled to be the girl's first woman. 

Abruptly Amanda turned around, straddling Trudy's hips and facing her again. They smiled at each other as Amanda fondled Trudy's breasts. Trudy closed her eyes and sighed, enjoying her young lover's delicate touch. Then Amanda noticed how her pussy was leaving little wet kisses on Trudy's lower belly as she changed positions. 
