 Author's note: If you have not read 'Loving Amanda' chapters 1 and 2, I urge you to start at the beginning of this story.

================================

A few days into her visit, Cheryl and Trudy were having brunch on the lanai when Trudy's phone buzzed. It was Amanda.

"Can I come over?" she texted.

"Sure." Trudy replied, and a minute later they heard the front door open and close.

"Out here!" Trudy called, and Amanda came walking through the living room. Her glorious auburn hair hung like a proud flag down her back and she was wearing a skin-tight top that nicely outlined her small, round breasts and displayed her proudly pointing nipples. Her jeans were cut off so high there was only an inch or two of frayed denim concealing her panties.

"Hi, sweetheart," Trudy said, "How are you? Do you want coffee?"

"I'm good," she said, and launched into a description of her recent activities (school and the gym), her family (sisters, father) and her social life (nonexistent). All the while she was shooting quick looks at Cheryl sipping coffee across the table. Cheryl wore a polite half-smile and said nothing. Finally Amanda got to the point.

"We haven't done anything together in so long, I wonder if you'd like to go to the beach tomorrow?"

"I'm sorry, sweetie, Cheryl and I spent all afternoon at the beach yesterday, and you know I really can't get too much sun."

"Oh," she said, disappointed. "Well how about going shopping? Beall's is having a big sale."

"I'd love to do that," Trudy said, wondering if Amanda's plan included a dressing room fuck. "We could show Cheryl all the bargain spots."

Amanda's shoulders sagged. She was obviously crestfallen at the idea of sharing Trudy's attention with Cheryl. 

"We don't need to drag Cheryl if she has stuff to do," the girl said hopefully.

"I won't tag along if you two are bargain hunting," Cheryl chimed brightly. "I need to organize all the stuff I bought the other day."

Amanda instantly glowed with delight, plans were quickly made and she left, practically skipping.

Cheryl and Trudy sipped their coffee.

"You're fucking her, aren't you?"

"I was until you came to town," Trudy said with a pleased grin.

"No wonder she acts like a jealous little bitch. Have you told her about us?"

"No I didn't share that. She's such a horny little thing, we don't talk much."

"So with me in the way she's frustated and suspicious!"

"Yeah, it won't be long before she says something stupid," Trudy sighed. "Or until she sneaks into my bedroom late at night."

"Won't THAT be interesting when she finds me in your bed!" Cheryl said.

"If interesting means explosive, yes it'll be interesting."

"You know the problem, don't you?"

"What's the problem?"

"The problem is you're treating her like a little princess instead of what she is."

"Somehow I think you're about to tell me what she is."

"Absolutely! She's a spoiled little bitch who's used to having her way."

"She was that way before, and I'll admit I haven't tried to change her. Having her way means I get to have MY way. And that's a lot of fun! The only thing she doesn't do is eat pussy. Other than that, she's a fast learner and a great fuck. 

"Is she better than me?"

Trudy gave Cheryl a smoldering look. 

"I don't know if that's possible, babe. Plus, she's a natural bottom while you can go either way. Sometimes I like you on top."

"That's one of the best things about you and me," Cheryl said. "You're great at doing me when I want to be fucked, and you're a wonderful toy when I'm feeling aggressive."

"Mmmm," Trudy purred, giving her a sultry look. "Is this foreplay?"

"Maybe," she grinned, "but maybe we should wait 'til tonight. I'm still sore from LAST night!"

"Okay," Trudy laughed, "Our massages are in 40 minutes anyway. We need to get going."

"You get ready," Cheryl said, "I'm going to finish my coffee."

When Trudy was gone, Cheryl replayed Amanda's visit in her mind. The girl was delicious! Just watching her flaunt her body for Trudy made Cheryl want to rip off her clothes, ride her to the floor and devour her pale perfection. And a plan began to form.

The next morning Cheryl made certain preparations while Trudy was in the shower. Among them, she sent a text to Amanda on Trudy's phone and deleted one from Amanda. Then she walked in just as Trudy was dressing. 

"Amanda came by while you were in the shower," Cheryl said. "She said to apologize, but something came up and she can't go shopping."

"That's too bad," Trudy said, suspecting nothing. "Now I'm ready to go out, with nowhere to go."

"You've been complaining you missed five of your last six workouts," Cheryl noted. "Why don't you hit the gym and follow up with a yoga class?"

"Hmm, good idea," Trudy said. "I feel like a pig if I miss too many workouts. And I've already paid for the yoga class. You want to come? I'm sure my trainer could work you in."

"No, I really want to organize all the stuff I've bought. We have great stores back home, but there are some things I can only get here."

In minutes Trudy had changed and was out the door, while Cheryl finished her preparations, her hands shaking with excitement.

Amanda triggered something Cheryl hadn't felt before... at least not this strong. It was a powerful desire to... what was the right word? Yes, she wanted to TAKE Amanda, to dominate and control and ravish the girl against her will. 

Could it be her youth? The redhead was still more girl than woman. But Cheryl knew other young women who didn't stimulate her like this. Was it Amanda's petite, but distinctly feminine shape? Was it her skin... so pale, smooth and vulnerable? Was it Amanda's impatient pout when Cheryl's presence kept Trudy from satisfying her needs? 

The source of her feelings was obscure. Cheryl only knew that Amanda's screams, when they came, would arouse her to a feverish state whether the girl was crying out in pain or pleasure.

Finally there was a knock and Cheryl opened the front door.

"Come in, Trudy will be ready in a minute," and she led Amanda to the living room. She could see the girl had dressed to be alluring. Her hair was casually, but carefully styled, while her makeup subtly emphasized her eyes and cheekbones. She wore a gauzy white blouse that clearly displayed the lacy pink bra underneath. Short heels and a short skirt of silky, flowing material made her legs seem long and sleek. 

Cheryl and Amanda sat opposite each other in the living room and chatted about random subjects for a few minutes before Cheryl looked at her watch and frowned. 

"Let's go see what's keeping her," and they walked down the short hall to the master bedroom. Running water could be heard from behind the closed bathroom door and Amanda stopped, unsure what to do. A moment later she felt a hard push on her shoulders and fell face down onto Trudy's big bed. Before she could react she felt cold steel encircle her wrist and her arm was pulled roughly towards the headboard.

"What the fuck!" she snarled, but Cheryl was already flipping her over and closing another set of handcuffs around her other wrist. Fearful, Amanda began to fight, kneeing Cheryl in the side and trying to free her hand. But she was too late. Both hands were soon cuffed to the headboard. She kicked out and connected with Cheryl's leg, drawing a high "OUCH!" then Cheryl was standing beside the bed staring down at her. 

"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING!" Amanda screamed, then "TRUDY! TRUDY! GET OUT HERE!"

But Cheryl just smiled calmly down at her. 

"Trudy's not here, Amanda, so you can forget about being rescued."

"You crazy BITCH! Let me go right now or I'll have your ass ARRESTED! Then you can see how YOU like handcuffs!"

"That's not how this is going to work," Cheryl said calmly and the next moment she was straddling Amanda's waist, forcing a gag into her mouth. Amanda tried to keep her mouth shut, but Cheryl forced it in and fastened it behind her neck. The girl could no longer form words or make much sound. She tried kicking again and while she connected a couple of times the angle was bad and her kicks had no force. Cheryl stood beside the bed, smiling, enjoying the girl's struggles.

"Let's clear up one thing right now," Cheryl said softly. "Eventually I'm going to need your mouth for a few... activities. If you bite me I'm just going to bite you in exactly the same spot but twice as hard. So if you bite me on the finger you might LOSE one of yours! Nod if you understand." Amanda just glared at her, and Cheryl sighed. "Well, we've got a few hours. I'm sure I can MAKE you understand."

Next she grabbed one of Amanda's ankles and encircled it with a wide nylon cuff fastened with Velcro. She avoided the girl's kicks and did the same with her other ankle. Soon Amanda was tied face up and spreadeagled, barely able to move. 

"You might want to hold still for this part," Cheryl said, and she methodically cut off Amanda's clothing with a stout pair of shears, finally cutting away her lacy panties and matching bra.

Through it all, Amanda tried to protest and shout. But the gag did its work well. 

Cheryl stood looking down at Amanda for a long time, meeting the girl's glare with composure. She loved to see the redhead struggling helplessly against her bonds... watching her small tits move as she jerked back and forth. 

This had to be done carefully, Cheryl thought. Amanda must be taught to heel, but she must also learn that submission had great rewards... that restraints could allow her the freedom of giving herself completely, her inhibitions shattered. 

Cheryl slowly unbottoned her blouse and discarded it, her breasts swinging free. She kicked off her sandals and next slid her tennis shorts down her long, tanned legs. Her panties already had a wet spot in her 'V' and her naked breasts felt sensitive... waiting for the attention they would get later.

Cheryl was a couple of inches shorter than Trudy, which left her several inches taller than Amanda. Her body gave an impression of slenderness, especially beside Trudy's lush figure, but nature had made her breasts full and round, while long hours of tennis and swimming made her sleek and powerful. She planned to fuck Amanda long and hard, and make her return the favor, before letting her go.

"What would you like?" she murmured to Amanda. "I know you like your holes filled by a big strapon, but that's just the main course. Mmmm?"

Cheryl brought a carryall out of the closet and rummaged inside. 

"Yes!" she thought, finding the item she sought. "This will be a good start."

She first produced a pair of clothespins. The girl struggled again as she attached them to her nipples where they bobbed back and forth, producing small whimpers. Then she took Trudy's bottle of lube from the bedside table and spread glistening, slick lubricant on another object. Holding it out of the girl's sight she sat between her legs and squirted a big dollop of lube on one hand. The girl strained to see what was going on, but she never saw Cheryl's lubed finger until it touched her tiny asshole. She bucked and strained against her bonds, without effect. The woman's slick finger slid slowly into her ass.

Cheryl felt Amanda's ass tighten hard, trying to prevent penetration, but it was no use. A single firm push and her first knuckle was inside. Then slow, steady pressure and her entire finger was buried in the tightness and warmth of the girl's butt. Amanda growled angrily through the gag, but the growl was followed by a sigh.

A few strokes, in and out, and Amanda's ass inevitably began to loosen though she still protested. Then Cheryl removed her finger and placed the tip of the butt plug against the tiny circle of the girl's ass. Amanda didn't know what it was, but she knew immediately it was much bigger than a finger. She bucked her hips completely off the bed, but Cheryl put a hand on her pubic bone and held her down.

Slowly she twisted the butt plug bag and forth while at the same time she pushed, pushed it firmly into the girl's back channel. Amanda screamed into her gag as she felt the invasion of something big and hard, going deeper and deeper. An instant of sharp pain and it was done. Only the thick base protruded from the girl's ass while most of it was buried inside... filling and stretching her. A single wire led from the base of the plug to a battery pack in Cheryl's hand, and she twisted the switch. A low humming came from the plug in Amanda's ass and once again her hips strained upwards, her buttocks clenched and her helpless cries tested the gag.

Cheryl watched with satisfaction as Amanda tried, but failed to expell the butt plug. Then writhed slowly as she felt the humming vibration jiggle everything between her hips, especially her ass and pussy. Patiently the woman waited and watched for the inevitable. It took just a few minutes before she saw the girls labia begin to swell and spread open. Between the full outer lips she saw the thin, delicate inner lips glistening with wetness. She waited a bit longer and heard Amanda's first muffled groan of pleasure.

Delving into her bag Cheryl brought out a lifelike dildo, a foot long and thick as her wrist. She anointed it with lube and aimed the fat head at Amanda's now dripping pussy. When the imitation dick touched her lower lips the girl's eyes flew wide and she protested. Her "NO! NO!" was quite clear despite the gag. But the woman was relentless. Cheryl planned to take Amanda to new extremes of pleasure, even if that meant pain along the way.

She nestled the big dildo between the girl's pussy lips, feeling for her opening and finding it. Then she pushed slowly, slowly with a steady pressure. Amanda's pussy lips spread tautly around the fat head of the invading shaft and still she protested. Cheryl watched the girl's face intently as she continued exerting steady pressure.

At first it seemed the monster would never go in, but Cheryl knew better. It might hurt but she knew that beautiful little pussy would swallow the thick shaft. 

And finally it did.

The dildo suddenly sank a good four inches, Amanda screamed, and more pressure pushed it another couple of inches until suddenly it could go no deeper.

Cheryl was sorely tempted to keep pushing, to batter the girl's cervix until she walked in pain for days. "Cool it tiger!" she told herself, "this is initiation, not punishment." Slowly she eased the dildo out a few inches,then slowly pushed it back in. Out. In. Out. In. Faster as the girl's juices coated the shaft and it slid more easily. Amanda's head lay back, limp, and she groaned steadily.

Out. In. Out. In. Cheryl kept a steady rhythm, trusting the girl's body to react as it should, pushing her closer and closer to an explosion. Out. In. Out. In. Now Amanda had her head up, watching. The woman saw the big shaft drag the girl's pussy lips first out, then in. She could see the Amanda's swollen clit dragged this way and that as the dildo disappeared and reappeared. Amanda's breathing was deep now and her hips made small, involuntary thrusts against the big shaft. She would crest soon, and it would be powerful!

Even faster now, Cheryl kept a steady rhythm, thrusting with both hands. The clothespins on Amanda's nipples wiggled madly. Out. In. The signals reaching the girl's pleasure center had to arrive on a regular schedule, each one building on the last until she reached critical mass. Out. In. Out. In. Just slightly faster. Then it happened.

"AWWWWWRRGH!!" Amanda screamed into her gag, her hips thrusting up to meet the dildo's penetration... her eyes screwed shut and her face distorted by pleasure. The plug of thrumming rubber in her ass added to the assault. And now Cheryl was fucking her even harder and faster!

"ARRRRRGGH!! MMMPH!! AWWWWRR!! she cried helplessly as orgasmic spasms racked her small body. Cheryl watched with growing arousal, her panties now soaked and her nipples hard bumps. She continued to wield the dildo and Amanda continued coming.

"AWWWWMYYYYYGAAAAAWWD!!" was her muffled scream. "AWWWCAAANTAAAKEANYMAAAAWW!!"

But still Cheryl thrust steadily, driving into the girl's body and pulling out, now angling the dildo a bit to stimulate her clit.

"STAAWPSTAAAAWPLEEEEESE!!" and Amanda's hip thrusts had lost all coordination, still ruled by the relentless invasions of her ass and pussy... still coming in spite of exhaustion, with tears appearing in her eyes.

And finally Cheryl stopped. 

She turned off the butt plug but left it and the dildo sticking obscenely out of Amanda's widespread crotch. Her thigh muscles twitching, the dildo sometimes moving slightly as her overstretched pussy gripped it, trying to close.

Cheryl removed the gag and the clothespins, then lay down and put her arms around Amanda, enjoying the girls fading moans and occasional whimpers as she recovered. They lay that way for a long time, the woman sometimes soothing the girl with quiet words or soft caresses. Finally Amanda whispered hoarsely.

"Ohmygod that was brutal! I thought my heart was going to explode! You are a crazy, cruel BITCH!"

"Yes I'm crazy and cruel, but are you sorry?" Cheryl asked.

"Nooo," Amanda whispered reluctantly, "I guess not."

"That's right," the woman whispered, "You love it!"

"Could you take the dildo out now, and whatever is in my ass?"

"Oh I will, sweetie, as soon as you do something for me!"

"What?" Amanda said warily.

"Let me show you."

Cheryl stood and stripped off her soaked panties. Her pussy was carefully shaved bare except for a triangle of short pubes extending from her bikini line to the top of her slit. She stood on the bed, over Amanda, ready to sit on her face.

"I don't do that," the girl said quickly, turning her head to one side. 

"What you mean is you didn't do that BEFORE!" Cheryl said. "Because you definitely are doing it NOW!"

Quickly she lowered herself, her knees on either side of Amanda's head. 

"Eat me!" she ordered, and her hands pulled the girl's face against her pussy.

Amanda found her mouth and nose buried in the slick, pungent folds of Cheryl's sex. The woman rocked her hips, rubbing her pussy up and down the girl's face. Struggling, Amanda resisted, but soon found she needed more air. Finally she had to open her mouth. Cheryl's abundant juices flowed in and she tasted the first pussy that was not her own.

"This isn't bad," was her first thought, followed by, "actually... she tastes like SEX!"

Tentatively she pushed out her tongue and touched the slippery folds of Cheryl's pussy. Amanda was surprised. The woman had a distinct, not unpleasant, smell and an equally unique taste that was like her own pussy when she frigged herself.

She took the plunge, darting her tongue out, gathering Cheryl's juices and savoring the taste. The woman on top felt the tongue in her pussy and gave a quiet moan.

"That was fun," Amanda thought, then, "Even tied up I can drive her crazy!" And she began licking in earnest.

First she explored the geography of Cheryl's sex, her tongue circling the rim of her opening then sliding slowly up her channel to find her clit. She could feel Cheryl tense as her tongue neared the hard little bump.

"Handcuffs and ropes?" Amanda mused, "Make me come until I cry, will you? We'll see who cries this time!"

And her tongue circled Cheryl's clit without touching it. The dark-haired woman groaned in frustration, but Amanda's tongue was still exploring. This time she found Cheryl's opening and her tongue dove deep inside. Cheryl groaned again, this time with pleasure as she felt the girl's tongue inside her. Amanda drove her tongue deep into Cheryl's wetness and warmth, swirled it around and slowly withdrew.

"Aaaahhhh!" Cheryl breathed a long sigh of pleasure.

Amanda found the woman above her reacted each time she forced her tongue deep inside, or pushed hard against the taut rim of her opening. She enjoyed looking up, watching Cheryl's face contort with pleasure as she found a sensitive spot, her breasts swaying slightly as she moved her pussy on Amanda's face. But still she teased, avoiding direct contact with her clit.
