 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. This chapter continues with more activities and encounters at the academy.

REPORTING IN

It was Saturday afternoon and the 18 year old beauty was standing on the front porch of Brooke Cummings' house. Brooke had told Monica to report to her as soon as she had seduced Rachel. Monica was feeling very smug at the time as it had taken less than four weeks to seduce the previously straight Rachel. Monica hoped that Brooke would reward her in a special way.

Brooke answered the door and invited Monica into her home. Brooke had sent her current lover Nichole to spend the weekend with Stacy. Monica noticed that Brooke was wearing a long silk gown and for some reason she guessed that Brooke was naked under it. "Come in dear," Brooke said politely and Monica entered the house. It was decorated in very good taste and Monica was impressed. 

"I was just going to have a glass of white wine. Can I get you something to drink?" Brooke asked.

"I would love a white wine if that is okay," Monica accepted.

"Of course it is," Brooke said and she poured two glasses of wine.

Handing the glass to Monica Brooke sat next to her on the sofa. "Cheers," she said raising her glass and then said, "I hope that you have good news for me."

"I do," Monica replied and then took a sip of the wine. It was delicious and Monica took another sip. Monica then told Brooke about Rachel's seduction in detail. Brooke hung on every word and she was pleased that Monica had been successful. During the retelling of the seduction they finished the bottle of wine and Brooke was very turned on by Monica's description.

Brooke then took the glass from Monica's hand and kissed her deeply. The teenager responded just as she always had with another woman. Their tongues intertwined and danced in their mouths. "You are very sensuous dear just like your mother and aunt," Brooke told her. 

"Your mother and aunt are very good lovers and I hope that you have followed in their footsteps," Brooke said sexily as she stroked Monica's inner thigh.

"I haven't had any complaints yet," Monica said in a sultry tone.

"Let's go into my bedroom where we will be more comfortable," Brooke said as she helped Monica to her feet.

Monica followed Brooke into the bedroom and Brooke walked over behind Monica and unzipped the back of her uniform skirt and let it fell to the floor leaving Monica standing in her panties, blouse, knee high socks and bra.

"Let's get these off you," Brooke said as she removed Monica's blouse and bra.

"Now the socks and panties," Brooke announced as she dropped to her knees behind Monica and pulled the panties down and off Monica's legs. Next the socks were removed one by one. 

Brooke felt her loins surge as the panties cleared Monica's curvy ass and uncovered her shapely bottom. Although it was only seconds it seemed like minutes as Brooke stared at Monica's naked beauty. Brooke then dropped her silk robe to the floor confirming Monica's suspicion that she was naked under it. Brooke walked around in front of Monica and kissed her. The two women embraced and kissed as their breasts pressed together. 

Brooke pulled the bedcovers down and they got on her king size bed where they lay down, kissed and softly stroked each other. As Monica kissed Brooke her hand went to Brooke's breast cupping and fondling it. Monica caught her lover's nipple and rolled it between her fingers, gently pulling on it. Brooke loved it and pressed her chest upward encouraging Monica to play with her tits. Monica fondled and played with Brooke's tits and nipples the same way she had with Rachel's. Brooke moaned and writhed on the bed and just when Brooke thought she could stand it no more, Monica's hand went down Brooke's body, stroked her belly then moved lower to cup Brooke's pussy mound. Brooke spread her thighs wide for her new lover as Monica slid her hand down a little further and pressed her finger inward.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" Brooke cried out. 

Monica's finger moved down and slid up inside Brooke's pussy. Brooke moaned as it felt so good. Brooke knew her pussy was dripping and as Monica's finger moved upward and inward, Brooke screamed when Monica rubbed her clit. Monica did it just the way she had often done it to so many women, moving her finger around in circles over the hard g-spot. As Brooke lifted her hips upward toward her lover's finger, Monica moved down a little and slipped her other hand into Brooke's pussy. Monica pressed her finger down and found Brooke's opening and slid a slick finger inside her driving her wild.

Monica had one finger inside Brooke fucking her and the others rolling her clit. Brooke screamed and cried out as she thrashed on her bed. Monica stayed with her with one finger thrusting up inside her hard and fast while she played Brooke's clit with the other fingers. Brooke came explosively but Monica didn't let up and kept finger fucking her and stroking her clit until Brooke had a series of absolutely fantastic cums. Brooke weakly pushed Monica's hands away as she gasped for breath. Monica moved beside her and kissed her cheek. They lay kissing each other gently until Brooke recovered. 

They stroked each other and kissed until they were both hot then Brooke turned around and kissed downward. They kissed and sucked each other's breasts for a long while making their nipples pop up. Their breasts seemed to feel fuller and more sensitive than ever. Brooke loved the sensation of sucking on Monica's puffy nipples and seeing how hard she could make them. Monica's mouth felt wonderful sucking on Brooke's breasts and nipples also. They continued to kiss each other's body as Brooke moved downward until they looked directly into each other's pussy.

They spread their thighs wide and they both hesitated for a moment that seemed like an eternity. Brooke used her fingers to spread Monica's pussy lips. Monica did the same to Brooke and the two women stared at the other's dripping pussy. Both of them complimented each other on how beautiful their pussies were. They were neat with pink centers and they were both extremely wet from their foreplay.

Brooke took the initiative and she bent forward a little and kissed Monica's pussy right on the center causing her to jump. Brooke looked at her lover's pink flower and slid her tongue out and licked it slowly. Monica jumped again and moaned loudly. Brooke licked it once again and this time she flattened her tongue and ran it over Monica's wet center. Monica tasted delicious and Brooke loved the scent of her lover's excited pussy. 

"Monica you taste so good, so sweet just like your mother and aunt. Lick me too?" Brooke whispered with her pussy on fire awaiting some attention.

Brooke licked Monica's sweet pussy again and again as she reveled in the smell and taste of her. She was so fresh. Brooke pointed her tongue and slid it inside her lover's tight pussy and pressed downward extending her tongue as far as she could inside Monica's quim. Brooke sucked her and tasted her sweet juices. Then Brooke pressed down even more mashing her lips against Monica's snatch and then she sucked harder. Monica's sweet juices flowed out of her pussy as Brooke slid her tongue in and out of Monica's cunt. Monica moaned out loud and then Brooke felt the wonderful sensation of Monica's wet lips on her pussy.

Brooke licked and sucked her lover and felt Monica's tongue play over her pussy again and again. They were making love to each other just as Brooke had imagined. Brooke put her hands under Monica's butt and pulled her lover's hips against her face. They wiggled their faces against their pussies groaned with pleasure, their moans muffled by the other's pussy.

Monica pulled back just a little and moved her head down a little and explored Brooke's slit with her tongue. She found the small firm bud of Brooke's clit causing Brooke to cry out. Monica sucked it and flicked it with her tongue over and over. Monica heard her principal scream and felt her body go rigid. Monica continued to flick Brooke's clit as fast as her tongue would go and Brooke thrashed against her and Brooke's face thrust against Monica's pussy. Brooke's body writhed against Monica's but Monica managed to keep her mouth against her lover's pussy and she sucked and tongued her clit until Brooke had at least two screaming climaxes. 

Their motions became frantic and they licked and sucked their firm swollen clits while their fingers located and stroked their G-spots. Monica was the first to climax this time and her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against Brooke's mouth. Brooke sucked Monica's clit and ran her finger around inside Monica's sweet sex. She felt Monica's pussy clamp down on her finger as Monica screamed out her passion. Suddenly Brooke felt a gush of juice against her lips and she moved her mouth down a little and let it squirt into her mouth. 

Monica's sweet delicious pussy juice shot into Brooke's sucking mouth and she let it flow over her tongue, savoring the taste before she swallowed it. As gush after gush shot into her mouth, it made Brooke so hot that she too exploded. Brooke cried out in ecstasy and her own hips pushed against Monica's mouth and probing finger. They seemed to feed off of each other's passions and their climaxes seemed endless as they went on and on. Wave after wave of ecstasy shot through their bodies as they soared together from climax to climax. They moaned, cried, and screamed as their bodies writhed and hunched together until they collapsed. The two of them lay together for quite awhile as they were totally spent and drained. They rested as they recuperated from their fantastic series of mind blowing orgasms

Brooke got out of bed and selected some sex toys to show Monica. Monica was not shocked to see the collection of sex toys and items that Brooke possessed. Monica's mother and aunt had bragged about Brooke's collection. There were dildos, vibrators, beads and a strap-on harness. Brooke turned on one of the vibrators and ran it over Monica's pussy. Monica shivered when the vibration touch her clit.

"You like?" Brooke asked.

"Oh yes it makes me tingle!" Monica exclaimed.

"Good, it's yours. Take it back to the dorm with you and use it on yourself and Rachel," Brooke told her.

Monica put the vibrator over by her uniform so that she wouldn't forget it. Monica was already thinking that she would use her vibrator and the new one on her clit and anus together. Brooke then strapped on the harness with a dildo inserted in it. Brooke knelt on the bed between Monica's legs and pressed her lips down hard on Monica's kissing her until her lips parted and Brooke's tongue entered her mouth. Monica reached down and wrapped her hand around the fake cock that was touching her inner thighs. Without a word Brooke moved Monica's legs apart and slid the flexible dong into her soaking wet pussy. There was no resistance at all Monica was so wet that the head slipped in easily.

As Brooke slid the fake cock inside her, Monica lifted her knees and closed her eyes surrendering herself to Brooke. Monica gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then Monica felt something fierce burst inside her as Brooke thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into Monica causing her to cry out. Monica grasped the bed sheets and her cries got louder with each thrust of Brooke's cock into her.

"Oh yes, harder, harder fuck me harder," Monica screamed thrusting her hips up to meet Brooke, "Oh God, yes, it's so good," she continued.

Brooke hooked her arms under Monica's knees and held on, her thrusts becoming harder and faster. Monica could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that she so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning Monica screamed out with her body suddenly tensing and arching up off the bed. Monica's cumming pushed Brooke over the edge and they both exploded together. Brooke collapsed on top of Monica their breasts pressing together. They lay quietly with the fake cock still buried in Monica's pussy until Brooke rolled off her and lay on her back next to her. Monica looked down at her principal and the saw the menacing dildo pointing in the air. 

Brooke removed the harness from her body and said, "Let's take a shower together and then we can have some more fun."

They entered the shower and relaxed under the warm cascade of water. Then they began to wash each other's body. They were both getting turned on again as they seemed to be insatiable. Brooke pushed Monica back against the shower wall and smiled wickedly at her as Brooke dropped slowly to her knees. As Brooke spread Monica's legs Monica couldn't conceal a moan, and she had to bite her lip to stifle her gasps as she felt Brooke's hot breath on her pussy. Brooke started to place delicate kisses upon Monica's naked thighs and the sensation of her wet lips on Monica's warm skin sent shockwaves of excitement through her. Brooke ran a fingertip down Monica's slit and Monica groaned with pleasure as Brooke's fingers honed in on Monica's now swollen clit.

Brooke inhaled the sweet odor of Monica's pussy, savoring the musky smell and her tongue darted out as she lapped excitedly at her pussy. Next she pulled Monica's pussy lips open to expose every fold of her pink pussy. Brooke darted her tongue in and out of Monica's now dripping cunt as she used her tongue like a little cock. Brooke used her thumb to rub Monica's clit as she dipped her fingers into Monica's soaking pussy, getting one of them nice and wet and then slid one into Monica's tight asshole. Brooke started to switch between sucking Monica's clit into her hot mouth and sliding her fingers into Monica's hot pussy and one into her ass. Soon the intensity in Monica's ass, pussy and clit built up to a boiling point and she came noisily her juices spilt from her and into Brooke's awaiting mouth.

Both of them stood under the water for a few more minutes relishing their new found pleasure before leaving the shower. They then dried each other with fluffy soft bath towels as Brooke paid particular attention to Monica's ass.

"You have a beautiful ass Monica and I will pay more attention to it later," Brooke said in a sexy voice but first we will have dinner.

The two women went into the kitchen where Brooke cooked a fine dinner of pasta and sausage. Monica looked around as she sat at the dining table and she decided that she could easily be in Italy. Between the European décor and the meal it felt very Italian to Monica. The two women chatted easily over dinner as Monica had become comfortable with her principal and latest lover. 

They finished the dinner and Monica helped Brooke clean up the dishes. "Come now Monica and I will treat you to one of my famous massages and then I will let you massage my body."

Brooke led Monica back into the bedroom and had Monica remove her robe and get on her back in bed. Brooke retrieved some lotion from her bathroom and then dropped her robe so that both beauties were completely naked again. Brooke smiled when she saw Monica's nipples stiffen in anticipation of the erotic massage. Monica just lay there as Brooke rubbed the lotion over her body. Monica's nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tight as Brooke massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Monica was so turned on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her pussy and rub her clit. Monica lay there excited and she tried to act calm as Brooke's hands worked their magic. Brooke's hands had felt so good that Monica did not want her to ever stop. Monica's nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. 

"There that will take care of your cute titties, now let's take care of this," Brooke said as she poured lotion on Monica's pubes.

Once again Monica clenched her fists tight and this time her loins stirred as Brooke rubbed the lotion onto the sensitive skin surrounding Monica's vulva. Brooke just smiled as she knew that she had Monica just where she wanted her. "Okay now it is time for the other side," Brooke announced as she coaxed Monica to roll over on her belly.

As soon as Monica was on her stomach, Brooke repeated the action. This time she rubbed Monica's buttocks and covered them with lotion. It seemed that Brooke spent a lot time on Monica's ass and Monica subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Brooke then let her fingers drift between Monica's thighs and work there way up to Monica's nether hole.

Brooke noticed Monica trembled a little and that goose bumps appeared on her body. Brooke took that as a sign of encouragement so she had Monica get up on all fours as Brooke knelt behind Monica and began to tongue her nether hole. Brooke got Monica's asshole wet with her tongue and then inserted a lotion moistened finger into the opening of her ass. Brooke pressed her finger in Monica's sphincter and let it slide in up to the knuckle causing Monica to flinch and groan. Brooke removed her finger and then she spat into Monica's ass allowing the saliva to moisten her anus further. Then Brooke dipped her tongue back into Monica's asshole and Monica almost came with the eroticism of the moment. Brooke alternated between eating Monica's ass and finger fucking it. Brooke's fingers now slid easily in and out of Monica's hot asshole. Monica couldn't believe that the sophisticated principal was making love to her ass. 

Brooke told Monica she would be right back and she left the room. Brooke returned shortly carrying a jar of lube and a string of beads. Brooke applied the lubricant to Monica's asshole and Monica felt the soothing cool lube coat her rectum. Then Brooke began to insert the anal beads into Monica's ass one at a time. Monica unable to talk, allowed Brooke to have her way with her. One by one Brooke pushed the beads into Monica's ass until all six of them were buried in her rectum. 

"Are you okay?" Brooke asked.

Monica nodded that she was okay as she had had things in her bottom before. Monica only felt the fullness in her ass from the anal beads as they were clearly thicker than anything else that had been in there. Brooke massaged Monica's beautiful ass cheeks and reached between Monica's legs to diddle her clit. Monica felt herself getting hot again and she felt the onslaught of an orgasm.

Brooke sensed it too and she rolled Monica over on her back. Brooke then got between Monica's legs and placed her mouth on Monica's pussy. Brooke lifted Monica's thighs on her shoulders giving her complete access to Monica's twat. Brooke ate Monica with a passion and she felt Monica start to tense as the orgasm built within her. Monica groaned as she tightened her thighs around Brooke's neck as the first wave rocked her body. As Monica began to cum, Brooke pulled gently on the anal beads so that they popped out of Monica's ass one at a time.
