 My husband thought it would be a fun time so I went. We were in Las Vegas for a week of gambling, drinking and general mayhem. We had left the kids at home with my parents and set out on a trip to try and spice up our lives. We had both been working far too much and our sex life had gone from a robust 3-5 times per week to a lackluster 1-2 times per month with all the passion of an afternoon nap. 

When my husband suggested we go to a strip club I hesitantly agreed. The only reason I said yes was that I was already pretty drunk and wanted to see what those women had that I didn’t. I know I don’t have the body for stripping, but I don’t think I am half bad for a 36-year-old mother of two. My chest is a fairly firm 36b my tummy is nearly flat and my hips are full and rounded, so what if I am carrying around fifteen extra pounds, it is all in the right places, and the men I work with don’t seem to mind. 

We walked in and my husband insisted on taking a seat right at the stage. The woman on stage when we arrived was a skinny little thing with enormous boobs but she had no idea how to move, and she rarely looked at the audience so when her set was over most of the men were not disappointed. The next woman who went by the stage name Houston came out to the Guns and Roses song Welcome to the Jungle.

She was dressed in a tight short leopard print dress that clung to her curves like a second skin. She was about 5’9” and was very curvy with a full 38c chest and hips equally as wide with a narrowish waist and long blonde hair. Her movements were very predatory and every sway of her body elicited a response from the audience. She walked from person to person working her way around the stage always looking at the patrons and often taking to them. She reached my husband and I midway through her set, and smiled at us before launching into her routine. By this time she was naked and the sweat glistened off her body under the hot colored lights. 

My husband reached over and placed a five-dollar bill in front of me and she smiled and looked into my eyes while her hips began to gyrate. My eyes were drawn to her full breasts and her nipples appeared to stiffen under my intense gaze. My eyes returned to hers and she smiled knowingly before her eyes glanced down at my own chest. I felt a slight tingle shoot through my body when she sized me up. She leaned over my head and her hair hid us from the prying eyes of the other patrons. I could smell the sweetness of her perfume and felt her hot breath on my neck as she leaned in close and whispered in my ear. Her voice was soft and sexy as she asked me if I liked what I saw. I slowly stammered out that yes she was very sexy. 

Then she asked me if I had ever made love to a woman. I answered her truthfully saying that I had never even considered it, until now. With that she gave me a soft kiss on the forehead and told me that maybe I should try it. Then she moved to the man next to me to give him a sexy show. My heart was racing as she danced the rest of her set, and I couldn’t take my eyes off her luscious body. My husband’s hands lightly stroked my back and neck keeping my nipples so hard they hurt. 

When Houston finished her set she walked over to me and asked if I wanted a private dance. I told her I didn’t know they did that, and she said, “sure they did” and took me by the hand while my husband reluctantly stayed put. There were two other dancers doing private dances for men in the dark room as she led me into the secluded corner. I sat in a chair and Houston began to move. She quickly shed her clothes including her sexy bra and panties and swayed her naked hips for me while my husband sat back at the stage. Houston took my hands and placed them on her hips as they gyrated sensually. She bend down and kissed me softly on the lips. 

Her kiss was soft and sweet and it melted my defenses. She kissed me harder, her lips parting and her tongue pushed it’s way into my mouth. The feel of her soft full lips pressed against mine was the most erotic feeling I had ever experienced. My tongue began to dance with hers while my fingers rested on her swaying hips. The songs melted together as we kissed in the dark room. Her hands began to caress my breasts through my shirt and I moaned softly into her hungry mouth. Her fingers pulled up my shirt and touched my naked flesh sending a tingle through my overheated body. Houston knelt between my thighs, her body gently swaying to the music.

She placed her hands on my thighs and slid them up towards my pussy. Her fingers slid up the legs of my shorts and she pulled my panties to the side allowing her access to the slick wet folds of my pussy. She slid two fingers inside me while her other hand began rubbing my hard clit. I bit down on my fist to stifle a scream as a small orgasm shook through my body. The waves of pleasure washed over me with an unexpected intensity and I closed by eyes shutting out the world. When I opened my eyes Houston was sucking my juices off her finger. She held her hand up to my face and I lovingly took her finger into my mouth and sucked it like a small cock. 

When the song ended the trance was lifted and Houston led me back to my seat at the stage. I smiled at my husband and sat quietly as the dancers on the stage worked rhythmically for their money. 

I didn’t see Houston again after that but as my husband and I were leaving the waitress handed me a small piece of paper that read, “Call me 555-6317, Jenny (Houston).” I smiled and placed the paper in my pocket as I felt a nervous flutter in my heart. I knew I would call her because she had awakened a once dormant desire and the new side of my sexuality would have to be explored...but that is another story. Let me know if you want to hear about it, because it really was a fun time. Too bad my husband didn’t like it, after all it was all his idea...