 She came inside the room after being outside in the rain for a few moments. What a beautiful sight it was to see her with her hair damp and clinging around her face. Her body glistened like a flower after the morning dew. The low cut dress she wore showed nice perky breasts held underneath. 

I had loved this woman from a far. How I longed to hold her in my arms and kiss her tender lips and smell her sweet perfume. I would have gladly sold my soul to have her for one night to make sweet, passionate love.

She must have noticed me staring at her because she started looking at her body trying to find out what I was looking at. 

"You are beautiful." I said out loud without realizing it. 

"Well, thank you. I didn't realize you thought that." She replied to my slip of the tongue. "I have always thought the same of you."

Now she had me speechless not only by her beauty but also by her words. Her voice was like the most beautiful melody. My heart ached to reach out to her and pull her to my arms and kiss those lips. I imagined the velvet feel of her tongue as it caressed mine.

She walked over to me and placed her hand on my cheek caressing it slightly and sending a spark through my spine. I tingled with excitement. My body felt as if it were coming to life after many years. I had dreamt of this for months. Wishing and praying that I would have her and now it was happening.

Unbuttoning my blouse she straddled my lap. My nipples pressed against the bra I was wearing. Stunned by this new development I couldn't move. I wanted to reach up to her and help her out of her wet dress, but it was all I could do to keep my chin from dropping. 

After she finished helping me out of my blouse she unhooked my bra and started to play with my breasts. She caressed them and kissed my nipples. Licking my nipples, she looked into my eyes letting me know that she knew I was the one she wanted then and there. 

I finally got over my shock and reached up to loosen her brown locks from their clip. I wanted her hair down so that it would fall all around me when she kissed me. I could never have felt as I did then. The imagination I had had never prepared me for this. The softness of her lips as they kissed mine. The tenderness of her tongue in my mouth. Nothing.

As we kissed I pulled her dress off. That is when I realized that she didn't have a bra on. Her breasts were magnificent. Perky. I palmed them, caressing them lovingly. I didn't want this moment to end but knew that it had to so I made sure to etch every movement in my mind.

I could feel her move her pussy against my body. That made me wet. She knew how to turn me on. Touching me like no other had before. Her fingers playing with my nipples- teasing them. I felt a fire start inside me.

"Come love," I said as I gently pushed her off. "Let's go to the bed and do this a little more proper." I grabbed her hand and guided her to the bedroom.

Laying her down on the bed, I laid beside her. I moved her hair out of her face and looked down at her with adoration. I kissed her lips then worked my way down her body. 

First I kissed her lips, feeling their softness. Then I worked my way down to her neck. She tipped her head to the side exposing the tender flesh to my lips. I kissed her neck softly and nibbled a bit. She moaned at the feeling of my love bite sending a thrill through my body.

Next, I went to her breasts. Her pinkish nipples stood at attention as my hands caressed her gently and my lips licked at them. I was teasing myself more than her at this point for I wanted to tongue her pussy so I could taste her. But, I continued to kiss her nipples first working on one and then going to the other. I paid good attention to her nipples before working my way down her stomach. I know my bellybutton is really sensitive so to see if her buttons were like mine, I tongued it lightly. Her body pulsed under me as I did telling me that she loved it.

Then the time I had waited for finally arrived. I gently kissed my way down to her thighs, kissing the inside of each one before going to the center. Her pussy was a beautiful pink. I tongued her gently so that I would not cause too much sensation at once. Her body jumped as my tongue went across her clit. Her aroma was overwhelming. I felt myself get wet at just the smell of her. 

Oh how I wanted to ravage her leaving her to weak too ever leave. I wanted to feel her collapse in my arms of exhaustion and happiness. 

I continued tonguing her faster and faster. Soon, her body was pulsing with every lick. I loved the taste of her. She was so sweet. Her juices tasting better than anything I had ever tasted. I licked like I would never get a fill of her. I wanted all of her. 

I could feel her clit growing larger as I began to lick faster. Putting a finger inside her I heard her moan. Her breathing began to get faster letting me know that soon she would be doing more than moaning. She began whispering my name, letting me know that I was doing well. This was the first time I have ever heard my name out loud while licking someone and the experience was wonderful. 

Soon, her thighs began to tighten. I knew she was close. I began to lick faster and longer. I took her clit into my mouth and sucked on it gently. That is when she went over the edge. Her moans were no longer moans but screams of pleasure. She came hard. I lapped at her juices not wanting to spill a drop. I wanted to taste all of her. My fingers still working its way in her. She locked and buckled under me. Her clit was sensitive now and so she pushed me away with her hand.

She kissed me as I came back up to her. "My turn." She said as she went to my already wet pussy. I felt her tongue glide across my clit sending electric shocks through my body. Her tongue was like velvet on me. All my pinned up frustrations for not being able to have her finally left me.

She lapped at me more and more. I had not felt a tongue like hers in a long time. She sucked my clit into her mouth and glided her tongue across it at the same time. I was so excited by this point that I knew I would not take long to cum. 

Her finger entered me as she licked at me with a quicker pace. That was what I needed to finish. Her body pressed against me. I felt the orgasm building up in me. Finally I could not take it anymore. I pushed my pussy into her feeling her beginning to try to hold me down. She kept licking at me. Sending me into complete and total bliss. I could no longer control my feelings as I began to scream louder with pleasure. "Yes yes yes….Oh God yes." I cried as I grinded my cunt into her. 

I pushed her away not wanting to get to overstimulated. She crawled up next to me and laid her head on my shoulder. Twirling her finger around my nipple she said, "I hope you know that I don't do that for just anyone."

I kissed the top of her head lovingly. "I know," I replied "I know.'

We lay there for an hour. Just holding one another. I will never forget the feeling I had at that moment, just sitting there and petting her. I hope one day that she will come back wanting me again as I think of her daily. Until then, I still have my memories.