 Well now that it's all said and done, I feel that the time is right to explain how we both got here...we being my best friend Kendra and myself, Jenna. Kendra and I have been best friends since the third grade and no one...and I mean NO one knows me better. In high school we helped each other get over the latest asshole guy we were dating, complete with a lot of crying, ice cream and promises (later broken) never to let ourselves get hurt like that again.

Kendra is gorgeous, I mean men falling at her feet gorgeous, wavy red hair, a perfect smile, 5'5 soaking wet, nice legs and amazing breasts. I envy her breasts; they are perfect in every way, perfectly shaped, perfect size (34dd), and just the way I wish mine were. Don't get me wrong, as a Filipina I have long black hair, olive skin and a deadly exotic look that has served me well--but 34c doesn't quite compete fairly with her cleavage at a party. I gave her crap about it plenty, but aside from a little envy it was all in good fun.

At 22 I had the worst breakup of my life, I guy I was pretty serious about that ended up cheating on me with several of my friends...oh, don't worry about Kendra, she is fiercely loyal. Fiercely, like warrior princess fierce, which just proves she comes by that red hair honestly. She visited some payback on him by circulating rumors of herpes and even a pregnancy...all fake of course but it pretty much drove him out of our social circle forever. About then I started wondering about other girls, and while pretty buzzed at a party I was pulled into my first same sex experience and it changed everything for me. In the beginning I just said I was bisexual, but from then on I loved the sexual experience and passions that came from being with women exclusively. Kendra was right there with me when I came out to my parents, which didn't go too well by the way, and she was there defending me against any small-minded idiot that dared say anything about me, either to my face or behind my back. I was a through and through lesbian and she had problem with that whatsoever.

But when you are THAT close to your best friend and you happen to like girls it can create a weird dynamic that can mess with your head. Kendra never tried to flirt or do anything that even resembled attraction or desire, at the time I guess it would seem like a cruel joke, like a guy having sex with you and falling asleep before you have any pleasure. But that didn't stop ME from having sexual thoughts about her...or romantic feelings. Before I even realized it, I was madly in love with my straight best friend, the worst nightmare of any lesbian. For a couple years, I stuck by her side when guy after guy treated her like crap, cheated on her and broke her heart. I never told her then when I had her in my arms crying that the feeling of her body against mine drove me absolutely crazy. 

I would joke with her about turning her into a lesbian and letting me go down on her but it was always something we would just giggle about. When I was alone, however, I fantasized, fingered and came about her...as my lover. I am ashamed to admit that way too many times when my girlfriends were kissing me and going down on me that it was Kendra doing it in my mind. Over time it just seemed to get worse and she showed no interest or curiosity whatsoever, and I started to resign myself to the thought that I would never have the girl of my dreams. But then a plan hatched in my mind that would catch her in a moment where she might consider it; an elaborate seduction, but in the end whatever happened--or didn't--would be up to her.

Like I said, Kendra and I know each other better than anyone. We know each other's dark secrets, fantasies, like, dislikes, turn ons, preferences and opinions. If anyone could figure out a way to lead her to the land of lesbian delights it would be me. I thought through ideas, strategies, and plans over and over again, figuring out every possible outcome, so that in the end we would still be just as close as friends even if nothing else ever happened.

I shouldn't even tell anyone this, but Kendra is intensely passionate, and when she is ovulating it cranks her libido so high you can actually feel it radiating off her like she was a nuclear reactor. One of the common denominators of Kendra's worst choices...sleeping with a married guy, getting back with her worst ex ever, and more...all happened right around that time. Yes, THAT would have to be the time that this would happen if it had any chance of working, her desires would be very intense. I know her cycle as well as mine so I looked at how it would time out over a weekend, and came up with the perfect time. Now I had the when of it all, and it was far enough out to lay the groundwork for everything else.

My next task what to figure out the where this should all take place. Some weekend retreats could work, but it wouldn't really be any alone time and after a couple drinks she could be hooking up with yet another asshole. This had to be without distractions, completely private, just her and me, which we had talked about anyway as kind of girl's weekend. My uncle's family had this remote mountain cabin, which was way out in the middle of nowhere in a gorgeous area, but had generator power and an amazing hot tub. It was on the edge of a state park so there were rangers we could call but they never came out to the area where the cabin was. I smiled to myself thinking that could make for a nice "clothing optional" experience, since neither of us was afraid of nudity.

The final piece of the puzzle was the how of it all, and that part I knew I had to exercise great caution with. Neither of us are party animals but a good buzz does wonders, especially with Kendra, she is "I love you" kind of drunk and loses some of her inhibitions and flirts with anything that moves. She loves flavored rums so I splurged and bought a bunch of her favorites, pineapple, coconut, mango, the works! The very last piece of this phase of the puzzle was something that made me a bit nervous, since I didn't want to be completely manipulative. Kendra has broken up with her last asshole boyfriend and was kind of gun shy, so she wasn't having any kind of sex at the moment, with the exception of her private moments with fingers and vibrators. She was off guys for the moment and I wanted to keep it that way, building up her own deep need...yes...need...hunger, whatever the hell else you might call it. I made it my personal mission to keep the guys away from her, partly because she asked me to (protecting her from yet another heartbreak so soon), but mostly to stoke that passion inside her to the point of frenzy. Ok maybe not frenzy, but you would have to see Kendra in the moments she is insatiable to fully appreciate the moment.

When the weekend finally arrived I was beside myself with anticipation, excited to see what might happen but terrified that I might screw something up or drive her away from me. I promised myself that no matter what happened I would ensure that Kendra and I would stay close friends, so I would need to gauge very carefully if a moment presented itself. I asked her to drive so I could crack open a bottle and drink a little to calm my nerves. Kendra giggled, and I looked at the denim skirt as it rode up her left leg, trying not to wonder how her skin would feel against mine. Her red hair was up in a bandana, flying with the wind from the open window, and the white tank top was barely holding her full breasts within its confines. I could see the outline of her white lace bra, which I found very sexy, but nothing could top the view of her cleavage with the deep valley between them, on full display but in a sexy rather than pornographic way. I tried to push the lascivious thoughts from my already racing mind. I let the buzz of the rum start to relax me and I contented myself with the notion that she was literally mine for four days...all alone, with no one for miles. Just mine...mine. I sighed and let that thought wash over me like a wave, and admittedly it brought with it flashes of past fantasies I have had about my sexy perfect best friend.

We were chatting a mile a minute as we got out of the car and walked up to the front of the red cedar cabin. Kendra giggled as she studied its features, showing just how excited she was to be out in the wilderness with me. She is through and through a girly girl, completely feminine, but also had a side that loved the outdoors with a passion. And me, her best friend Jenna, and thoroughly indulged that, and done so far beyond her expectations.

As the afternoon wore on, I cooked a nice chicken spaghetti dinner with some canned food that my uncle had stocked the pantry with, and we ate it on the back porch overlooking the mountains around us. Kendra was leaning on the arm of the chair, her body turned towards me, her cleavage deeper than before because of the angle. I felt my breath catch, but silently, lest I give myself away too soon.

"Jen...it's absolutely...gorgeous." she said, her eyes fixed on the cascading ridges of the mountains in the near distance. "I can't get enough of this view."

My eyes weren't taken with the panorama at all; they were obsessively fixed on her breasts as the tank top dipping lower gave me the sexiest view her I could remember. "Oh yes," I barely managed to say. "I could look at that literally forever." I kept looking until she shifted her body back and looked over at me. "I'm soooo glad you brought me here." She chuckled. Oh let's hope you feel the same way later, sweetie, I thought to myself.

Trying not to sound too nervous, I tiptoed across the porch to the hot tub and removed the cover. I had asked my relatives to prepare everything ahead of time for us, but was worried that this part had been skipped. A smile spread across my lips when I saw the steam rising up from pristine water. Gawd, this is it, the start of it at least, I said silently. I cleared my throat. "Hey Kendra, let's take a dip in the hot tub."

"We didn't bring swimsuits. Plus it's getting chilly."

I tried not to smile too wickedly. "The water's heated, babe, come feel it if you don't believe me." I silently took a deep breath to calm myself. "And who cares about suits? There's no one for miles."

Kendra made a pouty frown that told me she was going to give me shit about the last thing I said. "I think you just want to get me naked and have your way with me." she giggled. I knew it was a joke though I found myself aroused at the idea of it actually happening."

"Not likely, princess, you are not my type." I shot back.

Kendra pouted playfully. "Well why not?"

We had played this faux flirtation game hundreds of times, but I planned to toss in something extra t his time. "Sorry, hun, you are straight so not my type." I paused. "But maybe if you ask nicely.."

Jena stuck her tongue out at me. "Fine, but bring drinks. I soooo want to enjoy this."

I turned my back and walked back into the house to grab the bottles of rum that she wanted, hoping it might ease the way for things to possibly happen. When I got back to the hot tub, all Kendra's clothes were in a pile next to the table, away from the hot tub and she was already sitting on the bench on the left side. She winked at me, so I shook my head and handed her one of the bottles. "No glasses?"

"Afraid to drink after me?"

"Fuck you."

I just giggled to keep from let slipping out some comment that might freak her out. As I handed her the bottle I could clearly see the outline of her breasts distorted by the water. I turned on the jets and the tub began gurgling with the bubbles and then stood to start disrobing myself. Kendra was taking a deep swallow of the rum, but I saw her eyes momentarily shift to the right as I removed my bra. I kept my gaze away but could see her looking at my breasts, the look lingering for a second or two and then as if realizing it she looked away quickly. I lowered myself into the water slowly and sat next to her, holding a rum bottle of my own. Scooting over closer to her, I clink my bottle to hers.

"Cheers" we said in unison and then giggled like little schoolgirls.

I could feel Kendra's deep pent up frustration, fueled by her ovulation cycle and lack of sex for weeks. I wondered how long she could handle it before she had a nuclear meltdown. "Gawd...I am just way too..." she stopped in mid sentence.

"Thirsty? Hungry? Sleepy?" I mocked.

Kendra slapped me playfully on the arm but it felt almost like an electric shock because of her being so pent up. "You know...horny. Gawd you have absolutely nooooo compassion" Once again she stuck her tongue out and I had to silently bite mine to keep from making an overly sexual response back to her. In that moment, however, I had a moment of inspiration, thinking back to times I had been in that hot tub alone.

I glided over to the other side where I could stand up on the bottom of the hot hub. "Maybe not...come over here on this side." I said almost in a whisper. "This is my secret so if you tell anyone I will absolutely kill you."

Kendra giggled and quipped, "Ok I will trust you this once. Don't make me regret it."

I smiled wickedly and stood behind her, putting my hands on her hip and positioning her closer to the side. "Just move over...here...right here." I whispered. I did have to admit holding her hips with my body so close to hers was tantalizing, so I relished the moment while it lasted."

Kendra started to open her mouth to object, "Jen--GAWD." She blurted out as the hot tub water jet hit her pussy, backing up so fast she pushed herself right against my body, breasts pressing into her back. My hands still on her hips, my body pressed to hers--HER doing by the way, I put my head on her shoulder, my lips right at her ear. "Hey...just relax." I whispered. "I have come out here by myself so many times and it feels...amazing...and you are the only person I have ever shared that with."

I felt Kendra nod, but the tension was making her tremble and the rum had taken its full effect. Keeping my body against hers, I pushed her forward ever so gently. "Grab on to the side, sweetie." I saw her trembling fingers slip over the edge of the fiberglass and grip onto it tightly. I pushed her forward and positioned her in the perfect spot and felt her body respond.

"Oh...gawd...oh my gawddddddd Jenna..." she gasped, her body against mine for support, my hips on her ass and my breasts pressed into her back. It was a gasp of pleasure, a gasp of sexual passion, and I was guiding her through it, not kissing her or caressing her, just...holding her. It was a position not of lovers, but not of just friends either, no sexual but deeply intimate.

"Just give into it, into the feeling and the sensations, hun."

Kendra was writhing now. "Ohhhhhhhhh that's so good, yes...Jenna...fuck...mmmmm."

I could tell by her breathing that her orgasm was close...and it was going to be intense, and that even though the haze of the rum Kendra could feel my body against hers. "Oh gawd...Jenna...Jenna...I..." 

Kendra's mouth opened wide and she began to moan loudly, her back arching, forcing me to shift my footing so she wouldn't lost her balance, and so the spell of that sensual moment would remain intact and leave a deep impression in her mind. She whimpered and shuddered, gasping as she rode out the last of her most explosive orgasm in a long time. I just held her until she regained her senses a bit and she stood up on her own, and I backed away. We made eye contact and she smiled, which melted away the fear that it might have felt like an awkward sexual moment to her.

"Oh my gawd...wow...and you have done that...?"

"Many, many times." I said giggling, trying to lighten the moment. "It feels amazing."

"Y...yes it does. You have NO idea how much I needed that." She said, with a deep breath.

"Glad I could point you in a helpful direction." I said calmly, breathing a sigh of relief that I hadn't pushed her over the edge. I did know that even if she remembered the moment clearly enough, Kendra would associate that intense orgasm with me, not because I had given it to her, but because I was there.

My heart was pounding, watching Kendra cum as I was holding her was one of the most amazing moments in my life and it had my mind racing but I didn't want to spoil things now.

"I need to pee." Kendra announced, jumping out of the steam and vanishing quickly.

Once she was gone I knew I had a chance to do the deed myself before she got back. I was going crazy because of the experience of Kendra's orgasm but thought a private pleasure moment would bleed off some of the insane tension. I glided over to the spot I had been aiming for originally and felt the jet pulsate against my pussy as it had done many times before. I gripped the side, breathing in a sharp breath. "yesssssssss." I whispered slowly, swaying my head back and forth. 

"Mmmmmmmmm." I moaned gently, my breasts quivering as my body began to writhe. My back arched almost to the point of being painful, my head back, my mouth wide open slowly gasping as I came hard, trying to be careful not to cry out Kendra's name or even draw my attention to myself.

"Having fun?" Kendra laughed, nearly scaring me out of my skin.

"Shit Kendra, you about gave me a heart attack!" I said, almost shouting.

Kendra held out her hand and helped me get out of the hot tub, and I slid the lid back on and we walked back into the cabin giggling and laughing. Kendra disappeared into her room as I went to brush my teeth and get ready for bed. I fell unconscious the second my head hit the pillow.