 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. 

Chapter two had Rachel and Monica getting closer and Brooke's marathon sex encounter with Monica. Brooke also began her seduction of Rachel. Stacy and the cute teacher Millie got together and we met Brooke's lover Nichole. This chapter continues with more activities and encounters at the academy including Rachel's submission to Brooke. Rachel's mother also has a shocker that blows her mind.

Please remember that all characters in the story are at least 18 years of age.

A SHOPPING SHOCKER

Rachel's mother Valerie decided to but a new dress for the upcoming parent's weekend at the academy. Her husband Robert had decided not to go as he was playing golf in the club championship that same weekend. Valerie checked out her figure in their bedroom mirror before heading to the boutique. She liked what she saw in her 44 year old body. Her 35-26-36 figure was still alluring thanks to her countless hours of aerobics. 

As she looked her body she got annoyed at her husband again. He had lost interest in sex in recent years. First they hardly fucked anymore and that was only when Valerie sat on his cock and rode him. He didn't eat her pussy anymore and now he didn't even play with her pussy. Valerie had done something she never that that she would do and that was use a dildo. She kept it hidden from her husband and she used it frequently when he was not around.

Valerie put on a simple dress that she could slip on and off easy. She didn't bother with stockings since her legs were very tan and in great shape. She then headed to a ladies boutique that she liked although she hadn't shopped there in over a year. She entered the store and she was pleased that it wasn't busy. It was a Monday and as she hoped the store was not crowded in fact she was the only customer in the store. 

The sales girl was very pleasant and helped Valerie select several dressed to try on. As Valerie was looking over the clothes two more customers came in the store. One of them was an older lady and she occupied much of the sales girl's time. The other woman looked to be in her 30's and she was attractive in a strange way. Valerie found herself looking at the woman far too frequently and several times the woman caught Valerie's eye and smiled at her. Valerie was annoyed and somewhat embarrassed that she had been caught staring.

Valerie grabbed a couple of the dresses and went back to the fitting room to try them on. She had just taken off her dress when the door opened and a woman stepped in. Valerie recognized her as the woman she had been staring at. When Valerie started to protest the intrusion she never got a chance. The woman stepped up to Valerie, took Valerie in her arms and kissed her deeply. Valerie was in total shock and she just froze and let herself be kissed.

As they kissed the woman put her arms around Valerie and pushed her hands in Valerie's panties. The woman cupped Valerie's shapely buttocks as they continued to kiss. Valerie felt her panties being pushed down and then the woman raised her leg and stepped on the waist band of the panties. The woman pressed her foot downward and pushed the panties to Valerie's ankles. Then the woman broke their kiss but before Valerie could say anything the woman knelt in front of Valerie. The woman's arms went around Valerie's ass and pulled her closer.

Valerie felt the woman's tongue flick out over her clit and she gasped in total surprise. Valerie didn't know how to react and she did not want to cause a scene. The woman caressed the cheeks of Valerie's ass as she licked Valerie's pussy. Valerie felt unsteady and she placed her hands on the woman's shoulders. Valerie was too far gone to do anything but stand still and besides it felt good to have her pussy licked again. Valerie had never cheated on her husband with a man or woman but here she was in a public place enjoying a good cunt lapping.

The woman was very experienced and she clearly knew her way around a woman's pussy. Valerie felt fingers enter her and within seconds the woman located the g-spot. Valerie wouldn't stop the woman now as she was driving toward an orgasm. She felt her loins tingle and goose bumps covered her naked skin. Valerie suddenly realized that she was very close and it was going to be a big one. 

Then she exploded and her juices gushed into the woman's mouth. Valerie covered her mouth with the crook of her arm to muffle her cries of ecstasy. Her body trembled and she felt faint but she managed to maintain her balance throughout the mind blowing orgasm. Valerie leaned back against the wall of the fitting room as the woman licked her dry. The woman stood up and kissed Valerie again allowing Valerie to taste her own juices. 

Suddenly the door opened and the woman was gone as quickly as she had entered. A confused Valerie stood in the fitting room wearing only her bra. When she composed herself and realized her condition she quickly put her panties on. She couldn't believe what had just happened and that she had let in happen. Valerie regained her senses and went about trying on the dresses she had brought into the room. She liked two of them and decided that she would take them both.

Valerie put her dress back on and walked out of the fitting room area into the store. She blushed thinking that everyone knew what had just happened but then she realized how silly that was. She handed the dresses to the salesgirl and said, "I'll take these."

The sales girl put the dresses in a box and Valerie paid for them and left. On the way home she could not get the encounter out of her mind. She kept thinking about the woman but even more so about how the woman made Valerie feel. The image stayed with Valerie the entire day and she had trouble getting to sleep that night. Thoughts raced through her mind all night. Why had she not stopped the woman? Why had she enjoyed it so much? Would she ever let a woman do that again? 

RACHEL AT BROOKE'S HOME

A nervous Rachel stood at the front door of Brooke Cummings home. She had just rung the doorbell and she was waiting for her principal. On the way over to the house, Rachel several times thought about bailing out and heading back to her dorm. Even now as she waited she thought about running away and dealing with the consequences later. She wondered what would happen that day and would she be able to do whatever she was asked to do. Ms. Cummings had been so gentle that day in her office when she fingered Rachel's pussy and got her off. Just then the door opened and the beautiful regal looking Brooke Cummings greeted Rachel.

"Hello my dear I am so glad you could join me today. Please come in," Brooke told the lovely girl.

Brooke was dressed in a silk gown again and naked underneath it. The gown clinged to her shapely body and Rachel noticed every curve. Brook led Rachel into the living room and told her to be seated. Brooke looked the teenager over and surmised that even in a school uniform she was beautiful. "I was just going to have some tea, would like a cup?" Brooke offered.

"Yes Ms. Cummings I would. Thank you!"

Brooke got the tea and sat across from Rachel. "While you are in my home please call me Brooke. We don't need to be so formal," Brooke told her.

Brooke started talking about school and asking Rachel about her plans. They talked for about 30 minutes which helped break the ice with Rachel. Brooke however was going mad as she could not wait to be naked in bed with the teenage beauty. Brooke then brought up the episode in her office.

"Rachel, did you like what I did to you in my office last week?" Brooke questioned.

"I guess so, I mean yes it was okay," Rachel replied nervously as you knew it was time to take the next step.

"I'm glad. I liked making you cum. Now come over by me," Brooke told her.

Rachel put her tea cup down and walked over to where Brooke was seated. "You are so lovely," Brooke said softly as she ran her hands over Rachel's legs between the knee high socks and the short skirt.

Rachel shivered at the touch but she remained still and let her principal touch her. Brooke ran her hands under the skirt and caressed Rachel's thighs all the way up to her panties. It was only a few minutes but it seemed like torturous hours for both of them. Brooke moved her hands to fondle Rachel's marvelous ass and then she cupped the girl's panty covered vulva. Brooke smiled when she felt how damp Rachel's panties were. Brooke peeled the girl's panties all the way down and off her legs as Rachel stepped out of them.

Brooke's hands went back under the skirt and resumed fondling Rachel's curvy bottom. Rachel cooed at the feeling of the gentle caresses and then she gasped aloud when Brooke touched her pussy. Brooke ran her hand all around Rachel's pubes before she eventually began to finger the young girl. It was hard for Rachel to stand still and she was sure that she would cum at any minute. She didn't cum though as Brooke removed her hands and stood up.

Brooke took Rachel's innocent looking face in her hands and kissed the girl deeply. Rachel had done this many times with Monica so she was not put off by the kiss. Brooke then began to remove the rest of Rachel's clothes. First the jacket came off and then she methodically unbuttoned Rachel's blouse. The blouse was removed and then Brooke unhooked the bra. Rachel's fantastic looking tits tumbled out of the bra cups and into Brooke's hands.

Brooke fondled and kissed Rachel's breasts for several minutes taking her time with each one. Brooke would suck on one breast and fondle the other one. Rachel's nipples were rock hard and Brooke gently nibbled on them. Now it was Rachel who was anxious to be naked with her principal. Rachel was climbing the walls, she was so excited and she wanted Brooke to eat her pussy. Brooke was not to be rushed as they had all day and she wanted to enjoy every second. She knew what she was doing to Rachel and she loved teasing the teenager.

Rachel was now down to her skirt, socks and shoes. Brooke removed the skirt next and let it slip to the floor. Rachel stepped out of it and stood only wearing her knee high white socks and saddle shoes. Brook salivated over the teenager and thought that it so erotic for Rachel to be naked except for the shoes and socks. Brooke had Rachel sit back down and then she removed the shoes and socks. Brooke slowly peeled the white socks down Rachel's lovely legs and as she did she stared at the young girl's desirable pussy. 

Brooke then stood up and unfastened her gown. She let it drop to the floor and stood in her naked beauty in front of Rachel. "Come with me dear," Brooke said as she held out her hand. Rachel took the hand, stood up and walked with Brooke into her bedroom. Rachel was now anxious to make love with this elegant woman and she made up her mind to do everything that Brooke wanted. 

Rachel got in bed first and watched as Brooke undid her bun and let her long platinum blonde cascade over her shoulders. Brooke got in bed together and they cuddled and kissed before Brooke started her descent down Rachel's body. Brooke's kissed her way down and as she did her stiff nipples collided with Rachel's equally hard nubs. It was like an electric shock ran through Rachel when the erect nipples touched. Brook continued down the exquisite 18 year old body and although Brooke was in marvelous shape she thought that there was no substitute for youth.

Brooke planted light kisses on Rachel's tummy and she tongued the girl's belly button. Rachel was anxious for Brooke to get to her pussy but Brooke was in no hurry as she planned to make love for hours. Brooke continued her little kisses and moved her lips down to Rachel's pubes. Brooke teased the teenager unmercifully as she kissed and licked Rachel's thighs and all around the entrance to womb. 

Rachel was so turned on that when Brooke finally licked the girl's clit, Rachel's hips leaped off the bed. Brooke buried her face in Rachel's pussy and probed her deeply. Brooke would drive her tongue in and then out and lick the stiff clit. Rachel reached for Brooke's head and wound her fingers in the silky blonde hair. The foreplay had Rachel on the verge on a massive orgasm and she knew that she would not last much longer.

"Oh Brooke, I'm so close," Rachel announced urgently.

"Cum for me Rachel, cum for me," Brooke whispered in reply.

Brooke pushed two fingers into Rachel's pussy and quickly located her g-spot. Within seconds Rachel was moaning, groaning and thrusting her hips at her principal's mouth. Brooke grabbed a hold of Rachel's curvy buttocks and held the girl's pussy to her mouth. Brooke's tongue went deep into Rachel's quim sliding over the sensitive clit and driving the teenager wild. Then the dam broke and Rachel gushed into Brooke's mouth.

"I'm cumming!" Rachel screamed as her body trembled and shook. Brooke stayed with the girl and drank every drop of sweet nectar of Rachel's orgasm. Rachel's hips stopped moving and dropped back on the bed. Brooke licked the girl dry and then planted loving kisses on Rachel's body. Brooke worked her way back up and Rachel saw that Brooke's mouth was wet with love juices. Brooke kissed Rachel who returned the kiss and once again tasted herself on another woman's lips. They cuddled and rested briefly but Brooke was far from being done with this beauty. 

"Have you ever had a massage?" Brooke asked and Rachel shook her head no.

"Would you like one? I would love to give you one," Brooke asked and Rachel nodded in the affirmative. 

"Stay right here, I am going to get some oil," Brooke said as she eased out of bed.

Rachel watched the beautiful principal go into her bathroom and return with a bottle of oil. Brooke knelt behind Rachel's head and started rubbing Rachel's temples then she moved her hands down over Rachel's neck and chest. Brooke applied more oil to Rachel's breasts and massaged them softly at first then she increased the pressure little by little. Brooke seemed to be focused on Rachel's nipples, which aroused Rachel again. Rachel began breathing heavier as her nipples grew harder. 

"You have really nice breasts Rachel," Brooke said as she rolled the nipples in her fingers.

Rachel just groaned softly and pushed her chest up harder into Brooke's hands. As Brooke leaned over Rachel, Brooke's own firm breasts were just above Rachel's face. Rachel instinctively reached up and squeezed them gently. Rachel could feel Brooke's hard nipples poking her hands. Brooke smiled and then she pinched Rachel's nipples. Brooke then lowered her mouth and met Rachel's breast. Brooke's warm tongue circled around the swollen areola and Rachel felt Brooke's hand slide down over her stomach and between her legs. Brooke's oily fingers found Rachel's clit and gently stroked it before she slipped a finger inside Rachel's pussy. Rachel was already sopping wet and welcomed Brooke's penetrating touch. 

Rachel gasped and the moaned loudly as Brooke's finger slid between Rachel's ass and wormed its way deep inside her nether hole. Brooke then pushed her thumb back into Rachel's pussy and held her in a bowling grip. Rachel's vaginal and anal muscles tightened around Brooke's finger and thumb as she slowly pushed them in and out. Brooke's mouth moved from one of Rachel's nipples to the other, back and forth, nibbling, sucking and licking. Rachel was in a euphoric state as she engaged in her very first lesbian encounter with an older woman. Brooke was every bit as good a lover as Monica, even better.

Brooke removed her thumb and finger from Rachel's pussy and asshole. They she pushed two fingers into Rachel's overheated twat. Brooke then slipped her fingers out of Rachel and slowly rubbed her hand back up over Rachel's stomach and between Rachel's tits. Rachel watched as Brooke stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked the juices from them. Brooke closed her eyes as she again savored the taste of her latest conquest. 

Brooke moved around to the foot of the bed where she pulled Rachel's body down until her buttocks were at the edge. Brooke then leaned down between Rachel's parted legs and licked and kissed slowly up Rachel's inner thighs. Brooke's hot mouth eventually met Rachel's clit and Rachel moaned as Brooke sucked it and tongued it once again. Brooke spread Rachel's legs further apart and tweaked her nipples while her tongue explored Rachel's slit. She inserted her fingers in Rachel's pussy again. Rachel pulled her knees up to her chest allowing Brooke to push deeper inside her. Rachel's legs began to tremble as Brooke licked harder and faster. Brooke's fingers probed Rachel's g-spot and Rachel could feel the second orgasm rising in her. Rachel's whole body tensed up and she ground her pussy against Brooke's fingers and mouth. Brooke sucked Rachel's clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Brooke's fingers pumped in and out of Rachel's wet cunt and finally Rachel climaxed a second time. Rachel's body convulsed, her voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when she couldn't seem to make noise. Rachel gripped the bed covers and held them for the duration of her seemingly endless crescendo.

Brooke's tongue traveled upward and met with Rachel's tits again. She nibbled each of Rachel's little pink buttons sending waves electricity through her still quivering body. Brooke wet her finger in Rachel's pussy and held it to Rachel's lips so she could taste herself.

"You are so beautiful and so sensual," Brooke said and then asked. "Would you like to taste me?"

Rachel swallowed the lump in her throat and nodded yes as she was about to eat the second pussy in her young life. Rachel noticed that Brooke's blonde pussy hair was moist. Brooke lay down on the bed and Rachel got on all fours and buried her face in Brooke's pussy sucking up her sweet nectar. Brooke grabbed Rachel's head and held it against her. 

"Finger me too," Brooke cried out. 

Rachel slid her middle finger inside Brooke's gap while she tongued her throbbing clit. Brooke got wetter and wetter and Rachel drank it all in. Rachel's free hand explored upward to find Brooke's firm full breasts. Her areolas felt huge and her nipples were very stiff. Rachel felt Brooke's hand on the back of her head pushing her face hard into Brooke's cunt.

Rachel pulled her finger out of Brooke's pussy so she could replace it with her tongue. Rachel had a desire to taste more of her. Rachel used her fingers to spread Brooke's pussy lips open and Rachel's tongue darted in and out of her sweet hole. Then Rachel drove her tongue in as deep as she could and wiggled it around inside her getting a good taste of Brooke's pussy. Brooke thrashed about and bucked her hips as Rachel's tongue slithered around inside her. 
