 Claire leaned her head back, groaning and looked into the kitchen. She wasn't dying, she wasn't overly warm, she wasn't even having sex, much to her disappointment. The problem rested on the kitchen table behind her, now upside down in her vision. She had promised to wait and open the bottle of wine with her roommate to celebrate her roommate's new relationship with Cody, or Calvin, or Chris, or whoever he was but Claire really wanted to get drunk and Angel had been out on her date since five in the morning. Five! Who does that? Claire looked at the clock again and sighed. Midnight.

"Hurry up Angel," Claire groaned. "It's not like you need to get drunk anyway. You're going to get wasted no matter how the date goes. You'll probably wind up getting laid too."

Claire suddenly found herself gripping the couch she was sitting on in a death grip and forced herself to let go. She stared at the couch where her hand had been for a moment before sighing and standing. She walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. She had dark circles under her sapphire blue eyes, golden blonde hair that she usually kept down but had in a messy ponytail now, and hadn't worn makeup since she was a young girl after she had been told, on a date granted, that she didn't need makeup to make her beautiful. Angel was the same way. She had turquoise eyes, hair that matched Claire's which was always down, and a perfect hourglass figure.

Claire was thin at twenty three and in college, and had a perfectly flat stomach, a small rear, and high B-cup breasts. She had always been ashamed of how small she was. Angel, on the other hand, was a lot more full despite being only a month older, which annoyed Claire to no end. Angel had a large firm rear that captured the eyes of everyone, boys, girls, lesbians, gays, even a few old folks had stopped and stared, granted they were all so senile they had no idea what they were even doing on the street. In addition to that, were Angel's 36C-cup breasts. They were a step below D and always drew attention. The last three guys Angel had dated had only been dating her to get at her rack. They had all been disappointed.

It wasn't that Angel wouldn't have sex, it's just that she was extremely shy about anything able to be related to sex. Even vegetables. When they had asked her if she would do various things with them, she clammed up and wouldn't speak so they took it as a rejection and dumped her for someone else, usually the campus slut who had DD breasts, an ass almost the size as her rack, and God only knew how many different lovers every day. Claire hated her. But then again, she was still bitter from the last three people she herself had dated who literally laughed in her face when she had asked if they ever intended to sleep with her then had dumped her for the campus slut. It wasn't even that she was rushing them. She had dated the first one for three months without so much as a kiss. The second for four months and the third for a year without getting past a quick peck every once in a great while.

Claire sighed again and looked down at her outfit. Bra, panties, and a very thin, very small white shirt that barely reached past her panties. None of it was anything overly fancy, more for function than fashion, as was everything she wore. After a couple more minutes staring at herself in the mirror lost in thought, she walked out of the bathroom and to the couch, sitting down and yawning.

Just as she did, the door finally swung open and Angel stumbled in. Claire looked over at her and was on her feet within seconds. Claire took Angel's arm and led her to the couch then sat beside her pulling her into a hug and gently wiping the makeup stains from her cheeks.

"What happened?" Claire prompted as she comforted her roommate.

"H-h-he s-s-said th-that...i-if I d-didn't s-sleep with h-him...h-he'd g-go a-after m-my s-sister!" Angel sobbed as Claire remembered meeting Angel's fourteen year old sister.

"So what did you do?" Claire questioned.

"W-what could I d-do?" Angel laughed humorlessly. "I p-protected my f-family."

Claire stared in both confusion and surprise at Angel.

"Why did he have to threaten you anyway?" Claire questioned. "I thought you wanted to sleep with him."

"He's an asshole," Angel stated, managing to stop crying a bit. "So I said no. He didn't like that."

"I'm so sorry Angel," Claire apologized wrapping her arms around her again. "I'm going to kill that bastard."

"No," Angel said pushing off of Claire and shaking her head. "Don't get involved. It's over. He's not going to be a problem again."

"No?" Claire questioned. "And what happens if he comes calling again? What happens if he threatens your sister again?"

"He won't," Angel promised, pleading for Claire to let it go.

Claire sighed and nodded and Angel smiled, hugging Claire again as Claire hugged her back.

"Did you at least get to get drunk?" Claire questioned.

"No," Angel laughed. "You've been waiting to drink that all day haven't you?"

"I promised I would," Claire smiled, walking to the kitchen and getting the wine and two glasses.

She came back and poured them each a glass and Angel drained hers happily. Claire laughed, drinking her own almost as fast and poured them both another glass. Both of those disappeared as quickly as the last and Claire poured another round. This time they drank them slower, both of them in a good mood again as Claire poured the last of the wine into the two glasses.

"Man, we're out," Claire complained.

"I think we've both had enough," Angel laughed leaning on Claire's shoulder. "Thanks for waiting for me. That's exactly what I needed."

"That's exactly what everyone needs," Claire laughed wrapping an arm around Angel. "I'm really sorry."

"It's alright," Angel sighed. "It's not your fault. And besides, you're always there for me. Sometimes I wonder why guys can't be more like you. You're perfect for me, except for the whole girl thing."

Claire winced but raised an eyebrow and looked down at Angel. Angel looked up at her smiling for a second before her eyes clouded. Claire was about to ask if she was okay when Angel reached up, placing her lips to Claire's. Claire froze, eyes wide in shock before Angel's head dropped, landing on her shoulder again as Angel began to snore lightly. Claire blinked in surprise then sighed and carried Angel to her bed, tucking her in before going down the hall to her own bed and sitting down. She should have noticed how drunk Angel was sooner. She had always been a bit more of a lightweight than Claire. Of course, it didn't matter what Angel did or said, Angel was the type that never remembered anything anyway.

"Fuck Angel," Claire sighed clenching her blanket tightly. "Why did you have to go out with that ass hole? Why can't you be like me?"

She sighed, sliding under her own blankets and stared up at the ceiling for several hours before her alarm clock rang. She groaned, shutting it off and standing. She went to the bathroom, knocking but no one answered. She glanced into Angel's room but she wasn't there.

"Angel?" Claire called out, pressing her ear to the door.

She heard something in the bathroom move.

"Go away," Angel spoke up, voice sounding like she had been crying for hours, or throwing up. "Leave me alone."

Claire opened the door and found Angel was not in front of the toilet, or anywhere in sight, meaning she had not been vomiting. Claire took a quiet breath and stepped into the bathroom, closing the door and walking to the shower, pushing the curtain out of the way. Angel was sitting on the floor of the bathtub hugging her knees to her chest and crying quietly into them. Claire could see that she had just finished her shower since she was still soaking wet but Claire ignored that as she sat beside her, pulling her into a hug.

"It's alright," Claire whispered. "It's alright. Everything's going to be alright."

She rocked gently as Angel cried into her shoulder, turning to wrap her arms around Claire. They stayed like that for several minutes before Claire reached up and pulled Angel's towel down to them, wrapping it around her. She gently pulled Angel up, using another towel to dry Angel's hair a little, before letting the second towel fall and guiding Angel back to her room where she sat her on the bed and continued to comfort her. After a while, Angel managed to stop crying and they simply sat there for a while.

"I'm sorry," Angel apologized. "We're going to be late."

"Don't worry about it," Claire smiled. "We're going to take the day off today. You need a day to feel great. So we're going clubbing. Though, you don't have any good clubbing dresses."

"Shopping?" Angel grinned, eyes still looking like she was going to cry but Claire could tell she was feeling better.

"Damn straight," Claire grinned.

Angel nodded and hugged Claire then kissed her on the cheek.

"You're the best," Angel smiled standing and beginning to dry off.

Claire blushed slightly, averting her eyes as memories of what had happened the night before, which Angel had clearly forgotten, played through Claire's mind.

"Guess I should go shower then," Claire said standing and walking to the bathroom.

After going through her usual morning routine, Claire went out to the kitchen to see Angel nursing a lass of wine.

"More alcohol?" Claire asked raising an eyebrow.

"I'm going to get drunk tonight anyway," Angel shrugged but sighed setting the glass aside. "It's my first glass, don't worry. Just enough for the hangover."

Claire smiled and walked over, taking a sip from the glass and holding it out to Angel.

"Drink up," Claire urged. "The last thin I need is a hung over whiny brat following me around."

Angel stuck her tongue out at Claire then drained the glass and set it aside. The two of them walked out to Claire's car and got in and Claire drove them to the mall. Once inside, they began to make the rounds of every clothing store they came to. In the first, Claire and Angel both tried on new pairs of jeans. The problem came when Angel's got stuck on.

"Um Claire, are you done yet?" Angel asked quietly.

"Yeah why?" Claire asked, sensing the embarrassment in Angel's voice.

"I've got a bit of a...problem."

"Don't tell me your underwear ripped off," Claire teased but didn't get an immediate reply.

"I can't get the jeans off," Angel stated. "They're stuck."

"They're...oh," Claire blinked before blushing. "That is a problem. Can't exactly go clubbing with jeans, especially when they don't come off. And I suppose you want me to get you out of your pants."

"Don't say it like that!" Angel complained. "But...yes. I need help."

Claire sighed, blush fading and quickly slipped over into Angel's changing booth then grinned wickedly.

"I should take a picture of you stuck in a pair of jeans that I warned you were too small and then spread it around," Claire teased.

"No, this isn't funny," Angel complained.

"It's hilarious," Claire chuckled. "Well, let's see what we can do."

Angel leaned back against the one solid wall with her shoulders and Claire took a hold of the jeans' zipper, which Angel hadn't been able to undo. At first it didn't move but after a minute, it dropped open with a loud series of snaps. Finally it stopped and Claire moved her hands up to the button. This, she had less luck with. Finally, just when it looked like the button might pop off, it slipped through the hole and the jeans popped open. Claire sighed sitting back as Angel reached down and tried for all she was worth to push them off. They didn't budge. Claire covered her mouth, trying not to laugh, then sighed and reached up to the edge of the jeans. Angel nodded and Claire gave one massive tug. Angel fell forward, knocking Claire to the ground and landing on top of her, just barely missing banging both of their heads off the door to the changing booth. Angel sighed in relief, resting her head on Claire's shoulder for a moment, smiling slightly without realizing it as she smelled the perfume Claire was wearing. It was the same that she had bought her for Christmas the last winter.

"Um, Angel, can you get off me?" Claire asked.

Angel blushed scarlet and climbed off quickly but Claire just chuckled and sat up. The jeans had moved about and inch when Claire pulled them. Now, they were back where they started.

"Those things really don't want to come off," Claire snorted. "Don't fall down this time, okay?"

Angel nodded and Claire again reached up to the jeans again. She didn't pull as hard at first, instead giving a long pull and using more strength as she continued. Finally the jeans began to inch their way down Angel's legs. Claire stopped for a half second then yanked them downward as hard as she could and they dropped, finally. The problem was that a button and strap on the inside that was made to adjust how tight they were, and that was fully loosened, had caught her panties as Claire pulled the jeans down and the panties had ripped as they were pulled off as well, ruining them. Claire and Angel both froze for several moments in surprise and embarrassment, both looking at where Angel's panties were supposed to be. Finally Claire stood up, face completely red and matching Angel's, then quickly slipped back to her own booth. After a moment, she managed to get rid of her blush and left to find Angel some new underwear, since she knew that Angel hadn't been shopping for undergarments and both had done each other's laundry so often they knew what size everything each other wore. Finally she found literally the only package in the entire store and payed for it before returning to Angel and handing it through the door.

"It's all they had, sorry," Claire apologized through the door.

"It's alright," Angel replied. "Thank you."

The package was not something Angel usually wore. In fact, Claire, even though she was a bit more...extravagant, in her choice of wardrobe, wouldn't wear it either. It was a set of eight thongs that were all barely big enough to cover anything, even in the picture on the package, and that were almost completely lace, with a leaf and vine design to cover the important parts but with the rest being completely see-through. After a few more minutes, Angel came back out, bright red but wearing her normal clothes again.

"Can we go to the next store now?" Angel asked.

"Let's get lunch first," Claire smirked. "You took up a lot of shopping time with your little stunt."

"Oh sorry," Angel snorted rolling her eyes. "I'll remember to wear pants that just fall off next time."

"That could be fun," Claire said before she could stop herself then just grinned and decided to play along.

Angel rolled her eyes as they reached the restaurant and got something to eat and ice cream. Once they were done, they continued through the stores, looking more exclusively for Angel and mostly for things that Claire thought she could wear clubbing. After nearly three hours, they stopped at a much, much, less decent store where the first half was dark clothing and rock band shirts, the middle was drug paraphernalia, and the back was sex toys and leather outfits. Claire really wanted to drag Angel to the back to see how Angel would react but decided to stay focused for the time being.

"Why are we here?" Angel asked.

"You're going to wear a little black dress if I have to tie you down and force you into it," Claire stated. "Can't be much harder than those jeans. Besides, I'm considering going in back and getting one that you practically have to paint on."

"No!" Angel squeaked.

"Relax, I'm joking," Claire laughed. "Mostly."

Angel turned scarlet just as Claire picked out a very tight black dress and held it up to Angel. It started about halfway down Angel's cleavage and ended a little over a fourth of the way down her thighs. Claire wolf whistled then got one a little bigger since she knew that dresses like that were always smaller once they were on the person that bought it. She bought the dress then they left to get something to eat and Angel kept glancing at the bag.

"Relax, you can try it on when we get back," Claire smirked.

Angel blushed but stuck her tongue out and Claire laughed.

"You'll have to stop that or I might cut it off," Claire grinned opening and closing her fingers like a pair of scissors.

"You wouldn't," Angel smirked. "Then who would you talk to?"

"I get better conversations now talking to a brick wall," Claire smirked and Angel chucked a fry at her, accidentally making it fall down the front of Claire's shirt. "Wow, good shot."

Claire laughed as Angel began to apologize. She pulled it out and set it aside then returned to eating.

"Don't worry about it," Claire smiled.

They both finished eating and then left, taking their numerous shopping bags with them. Once they were back, Angel hurried into her room, taking the dress bag from Claire who had to sit down as she laughed hysterically at Angel's excitement.

"I so should have dragged you to the back," Claire laughed. "You'd have bought everything there."

"Would not!" Angel shouted from the bedroom.

Claire rolled her eyes, beginning to sort the clothes they had bought between what was hers and what was Angel's. After a few minutes, she heard footsteps behind her and turned around, jaw dropping open as Angel stepped into the room, face scarlet and hands holding the bottom of the dress down, though it didn't help much. The dress was smaller than Claire had anticipated but it was better than she had hoped. Angel's breasts were only barely contained by the dress but weren't in danger of falling out if she bent over, though, if she did, the bottom of her dress would definitely give a show of its own. While she was standing, the dress only just reached a forth of the way down her thighs. Claire found that it was all she could do to not jump Angel right there. Forget her last three girlfriends. They could all fuck themselves for all she cared. None of them could hold a match to Angel. After a moment she grinned and stood.

"Look at that," Claire smirked. "We might just make a profession club slut out of you after all."

"Claire!" Angel complained and Claire laughed. "I'm kidding. I'm gonna go change. Be out in a minute."

Claire went to her room and quickly changed into a short black skirt, barely longer than Angel's dress, and a purple mid-rift shirt that gave her a mile of cleavage, despite her small breasts, and exposed her stomach. She went back out to the other room to see Angel resisting the urge to sit down. The moment Claire stepped into the room, Angel's eyes began to inspect her outfit. Claire raised an eyebrow as Angel's face started to turn pink then looked at the clock.

"Time to leave," Claire grinned and Angel nodded, eyes darting up to Claire's face.

They went out to Claire's car, climbing in and Claire drove out to the street then to the club she frequented. In fact, she was there so often that there wasn't a single person there that didn't know her. And a few often asked her who they should try to hook up with that night, since she seemed to have a knack for getting anyone that wasn't herself or Angel laid. They walked up to the bouncer and he smiled and nodded to Claire, unhooking the rope and letting them both in without a word, a line of others complaining loudly as they were passed.

"I take it you've been here before," Angel guessed.

"All the time," Claire smirked sitting down as a waiter came over and set a drink in front of her. "Want a drink?"

"Um, just a glass of red wine please," Angel smiled and the waiter nodded, eyes never going high enough to look Angel in the face before he hurried off.

"Not bad," Claire smirked. "They give you free drinks when you sit like that."

"Like what?" Angel asked.

"Leaning forward to give them a view of your chest and with your legs parted slightly," Claire stated not even looking to see if she was right.
