 Lucy was exhausted. She's had a difficult day at work, it was hot, and the tube was a nightmare. She could feel the sweat gathering between her 34C breasts. Her fitted grey lace camisole top was getting wet. Lucy was bra-less that day, as the one thing she hated more than wearing a bra, was wearing one when it was hot weather. 

Lucy let go of the handrail and gathered up her curly black hair, quickly tying it in a loose bun on top of her head.

As the tube pulled into the next station, she decided to get off a couple stops early and walk. Leaving the station, she crossed the road and started to walk through the park, before stopping to sit down. The cold bottle of water she'd just purchased was resting by her side and when she lifted it to take a drink, she somehow ended up spilling most of it on herself. Her top was now soaked at the front, her mocha skin and pert brown nipples were clearly visible through the fabric. 

Lucy stood up, brushed the grass off her long legs and perky bum, and finished the remaining water. As she left the far entrance of the park, she saw a girl smiling at her. Lucy had seen the girl on the tube before, she was petite, around 5'2 and curvy, with long blonde hair and large boobs. At 5'11, Lucy had enjoyed several opportunities peering down the girls top, her height a definite advantage for lesbian ogling. Lucy stopped "Look at the state of me!" her broad Mancunian accent startling the girl. "Just threw me water all over myself!" 

The girl reluctantly tore her eyes away from Lucy's nipples and smiled at her. "I bet it was refreshing though! My flat is just across the road, do you want to come over and dry off?" she said. "I'm Beth"

"Oh OK. Ta love" she replied before adding "I'm Lucy. Its nice to meet a friendly Londoner"

As they crossed the road, Lucy could feel herself getting wet. Beth was beautiful. Her ample body was hidden under a strapless lilac sundress, her breasts wobbling underneath the fabric and Lucy was pretty sure as she'd stood up, she had seen Beth's pussy. She admired women who went without underwear, especially when wearing skirts of dresses. Lucy herself had a short denim skirt on but had opted for skimpy lace briefs underneath. 

Beth opened the door to her flat and led Lucy through to the kitchen, where patio doors opened out to a small garden. 

"Do you want some wine?" Beth asked. 

Lucy agreed and then taking herself by surprise, pulled her camisole over her head and tossed it on one of the garden chairs. "I'll let that dry there" she said. Beth looked at her boobs and reached out a hand to touch one. Lucy took her chance and pulled down Beth's dress, to expose her large breasts and pierced nipples. The smaller girl took the lead and walked outside into the garden, pulling down her dress as she went. Lucy was correct, her new friend was commando, and as she sat down, Lucy noticed her shaved, glistening pussy. 

She walked over to Beth and flopped down on the grass, before leaning over and kissing her, gently at first but then with more vigour. Beth pushed Lucy onto her back and straddled her and Lucy could feel the heat from her pussy on her bare stomach. She kissed Lucy again and started to play with her nipples. 

Lucy was so turned on, she immediately returned the favour, cupping Beth's large boobs and flicking her pierced nipples before sitting up and taking the left one in her mouth. As she sucked on Beth's amazing breast, she fondled the other and felt Beth's pussy dampening on her skin.

She laid back down on the grass and lifted up her rear as Beth undid the buttons on her skirt and pulled it off. Beth's fingers gently stroked Lucy's snatch through her lacy knickers before pulling them down her long legs. Beth went straight to Lucy's hairless mound, stroking her clit and gently pushing her finger into Lucy's hot twat. Beth's mouth found Lucy's breasts and she sucked and toyed her her nipples, whilst stroking her clit with her thumb and easing a second finger into Lucy's hot snatch. Lucy gasped and began bucking her hips, moaning aloud. She felt her orgasm starting to build and as it did, Beth slid in another finger. I cannot believe i'm naked in a garden in South London, getting finger fucked by a girl I've just met, thought Lucy. 

Just then, Beth moved her head down Lucy's body until her face was at her entrance. Lucy moaned again as she felt Beth's hot tongue running up and down her slit, before her lips closed in on her clit and she began sucking it, while her fingers were still fucking Lucy's pussy. 

She couldn't take it anymore, and as the waves of her orgasm washed over her, she bucked up and down, her hands in Beth's golden locks, grinding her face into her pussy. Beth emerged, triumphant and stuck her fingers into Lucy's mouth, which she licked and sucked clean, tasting her own juices on Beth's fingers. 

Not to be outdone, she flipped Beth over onto her hands and knees, and stuck her tongue straight into Beth's snatch from behind, while her fingers toyed with Beth's engorged clit. Lucy was loving the taste of Beth's hot nectar in her mouth, and was really going hard on her when Beth moved slightly. Lucy immediately realised what she wanted and swung her body around to underneath Beth's, her face still in her pussy. 

Lucy felt Beth's tongue go again on her hot snatch and brought her hand back up to Beth's opening, but instead of exploring her fine bald pussy, she licked her finger and rubbed it against Beth's rosebud. 

"Oh yes!" said Beth, "Fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck it" 

Lucy needed no further encouragement and slowly slid her index finger inside Beth's tight arsehole, feeling her tighten around it. Beth's moans got louder so Lucy pushed her finger all the way inside Beth's puckered hole and gasped as she realised that Beth was paying her ass attention with her tongue. 

Lucy felt the waves of her second orgasm building so with renewed vigour, stuck a second digit into Beth's tight rim, fucking her ass with two fingers, while alternating between sucking on her hot clit and tonguing her wet snatch. Beth's orgasm ripped through her, and Lucy could feel her pussy walls contracting against her tongue and her tight box close around her fingers.

This was enough for Lucy, and she screamed aloud as her orgasm overcame her. 

Both girls laid naked on the grass, getting their breath back, when Lucy noticed the balcony of the flat above Beth's had a naked man, cock in hand, watching over them and wanking. 

"Did you.." began Lucy as Beth laughed.

"Yes, I know. He does it a lot, I hope you don't mind?"

"Not at all" she replied and turned to face Beth. "I don't think my top is dry yet, so might as well entertain him a bit longer...