 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. 

Chapter two had Rachel and Monica getting closer and Brooke's marathon sex encounter with Monica. Brooke also began her seduction of Rachel. Stacy and the cute teacher Millie got together and we met Brooke's lover Nichole. In chapter three Brooke shows Rachel the true meaning of lesbian love. Monica and Stacy spent an erotic day together and Rachel's mother had an unexpected lesbian experience that opened her eyes to a brand new world. This chapter covers the first parent's weekend at the Brooke Cummings Academy with more encounters and discoveries.

Please remember that all characters in the story are at least 18 years of age.

RACHEL'S REFLECTION

Rachel lay in her bed that night waiting for Monica to return to the dorm room. Monica was at Stacy's place where she was having fun with Stacy and Millie. Rachel had recently returned from Brooke's home where she had experienced her first threesome. Brook's lover Nichole had joined them and the two of them had taken Rachel to new heights. Rachel recalled her mind blowing orgasm with Brooke licking her pussy and Nicole rimming her anus. Having two tongues work her over like that was an incredible journey and one that Rachel knew she would have many more times during her year at the academy. 

Rachel thought to herself, "My parents would flip out if they knew what went on at this school. My mother would have a kitten if she ever knew that I was having sex with my roommate and the faculty."

It was part of Brooke's plan to introduce Rachel to group sex before the parent's weekend. Everything had gone extremely well and Rachel loved the dual attention. Rachel remembered that she nearly passed out when she was riding Brooke's fake cock. However it was not just the strap-on rubbing her clit it was also the anal beads in her bottom. Nicole waited until just the right moment to pull the beads out of Rachel's ass. She pulled them out slowly and Rachel's body jerked each time a bead, six in all, cleared her sphincter. Rachel collapsed on top of Brooke who cradled the teenage beauty in her arms. Nichole stretched out next them and caressed Rachel's lovely body.

She was only with Brooke and Nichole for about three hours but the things they did were unbelievable. It started with the two naked women undressing Brooke removing each article of clothing one at a time. They caressed Rachel's body as her clothing was removed and by the time her panties came off her pussy was dripping wet. Brooke and Nichole had kissed Rachel's breasts as they fingered her pussy and anus at the same time. From there things moved rapidly and it was all about pleasuring Rachel.

Brooke and Nichole would have plenty of time for each other after Rachel left so their focus was on the beautiful teenager. Rachel, in her desire to please her mentor, had taken it upon herself to lick Brooke's pussy. She also desired to taste Nichole for which Nicole was grateful. After hours of love making Rachel was bathed, dressed and sent back to her dorm. Once Rachel was gone, the double dildo and other toys were produced and the two women enjoyed each other the rest of the evening.

Rachel was naked in bed playing back the evening when Monica finally returned to the room. Monica undressed and got in bed with Rachel. The two teenage beauties shared their evening encounters but they were both too tired to do anything but cuddle. Rachel was intrigued with Monica's replay of her evening particularly the part where Stacy and Mille double fucked Monica with strap-ons. Rachel tried to imagine something larger than anal beads in her rectum. The two teenagers dozed off and slept soundly.

FRIDAY THE START OF PARENT'S WEEKEND

Most of the families would arrive on Saturday morning but a few parents and family members arrived on Friday. Monica's mother Andrea, aunt Joanna and Monica's grandmother Carmen were among the families to arrive Friday. Rachel's mother Valerie also decided to make the trip on Friday. Monica was thrilled that her family and Rachel's mother would all be arriving around the same time and staying at the same hotel. "We can hang out together," Monica told Rachel.

However Rachel was concerned about hanging out with Monica's family. What if any of Monica's family comes on to me? What if it slipped out that Monica and I are lovers? What would my mother do if she found out? Rachel could only hope that everyone remained discreet.

On her drive to the academy Valerie kept thinking about her recent lesbian encounter with Jody. She could not get Jody out of her mind, not that Jody was that pretty but the things she did. Jody had awakened the flames that had died out in her marriage. Now Valerie felt vibrant and alive again as she had felt when she was first married. It was good to get away and clear her head but she couldn't help but wonder how she would respond to the all female environment at the academy. A lot had happened since dropping her daughter off and Valerie wondered if she could handle all the young pussy running around the campus.

Brooke Cummings lifted the lights out restriction for the parent's weekend. On Friday's the girls were to still stay in their dorms but on Saturday night the students were allowed to spend the night with their families. There were two reasons for Brooke's ruling. First there was a special meeting of the Mother and Daughter Lesbian Swap Association at the hotel Saturday evening. A number of students would be joining their mothers for the meeting and to meet their partners for the night. The second reason was the reception to be held at Brooke's home. 

Valerie arrived late afternoon that Friday and after checking in at the nearby hotel she called her daughter. "Hello Rachel I'm at the hotel. I was going to head over to your dorm."

"Oh hi mom, I'm glad you're here. Did dad come with you?"

"No he is playing in a golf tournament so I came by myself."

"That's okay! Hey my roommate's family is here too and Monica suggested that we all get together for dinner. Is that okay?"

"Absolutely, I would love to meet your roommate and her family. What time should I pick you up?"

"Come on over now and I'll show you around a little. Then we can head over to the restaurant."

"Okay I'll be there in 15 minutes. Good bye."

"See you soon mom."

Valerie drove over to the campus and as she did she felt her loins tingle. The very thing she was afraid would happen did. As she saw the uniform clad girls walking around campus she looked at them in a different light. The short skirts revealing those nubile thighs had a disarming effect on Valerie. She parked the car and walked to her daughter's dorm building. As she walked up the stairs several girls ran ahead of her. Valerie's eyes went to the girl's bare thighs and panty covered bottoms as they scooted up the steps. One particular pretty girl stopped at the top of the stairs and bent over to tie her shoe. Valerie looked right up the girl's skirt and she stared at the teenager's lovely curvy bottom. Valerie had the urge to run up the stairs, pull the student's panties down and bury her face in the girl's buttocks. 

"What a thought, get a hold of yourself," Valerie scolded herself silently.

As Valerie reached the top of the stairway the pretty girl turned around and smiled. "Hi, you must be Rachel's mom. I'm Monica, Rachel's roommate."

"Oh nice to meet you Monica," Valerie said with a blush.

"Follow me," Monica said as she led Valerie to the dorm room.

"Hey Rachel, look who's here," Monica announced.

"Mom," Rachel called out and ran to greet her mother. 

Rachel embraced her mother and Valerie hugged her daughter. Valerie suddenly realized how mature Rachel was as her daughter's lovely curves pressed against her. Valerie felt the tingle again and again she silently scolded herself. "What is wrong with you this is your daughter?" 

Rachel showed her mom around the campus and Monica joined them. Valerie was struggling being in the company of the young beauties and she becoming more and more attracted to Monica. Valerie was relieved when the brief tour was over and they could head to the restaurant. Monica rode with Rachel and Valerie to the restaurant where they met Monica's family. Things did not get better for Valerie when she saw Monica's good looking family. Valerie was surprised to see three women and no man in Monica's family.

"This is my mom Andrea, my aunt Joanna and my grandma Carmen," Monica said introducing her family to Valerie and Rachel.

"Please to meet you. I'm Valerie, Rachel's mother."

They all shook hands and Valerie felt that there was something very different about Andrea. Valerie found all three women to be dark and mysterious for some reason. Valerie at first was uncomfortable and then she relaxed in their company. The six of them had a nice meal and shared several bottles of wine. Of course Monica and Rachel were not served at the restaurant. After dinner the two teenagers were driven back to the dorm and Valerie was invited by Andrea to join them for a night cap.

Valerie entered the room and Joanna opened up another bottle of wine and poured a glass for everyone. Joanna and Andrea sat at either end of the sofa in the hotel suite. Carmen sat in a chair opposite the sofa leaving Valerie to sit between Andrea and Joanna. The four women chatted easily and Valerie had become comfortable in their company although she was still sure that there was something different about the women. Valerie was conscious of the closeness of the other two women next to her. They sipped wine and Valerie began to feel it. She had drunk more than she normally did at dinner and now she was still drinking. "Just this last glass and then I'll say goodnight," she thought.

Valerie laid her head back on the sofa and said softly, "I should be going soon."

"Oh relax," Andrea replied and then said, "You're in good hands." 

With that Andrea ran her fingertips along the inside of Valerie's arm. Valerie felt like an electric shock ran through her body and she moved her arm away. Just then Joanna did the same thing to the other arm and Valerie shivered. Andrea then touched Valerie's cheek with the back of her hand and Valerie trembled slightly. "Please don't," Valerie protested weakly.

"You have such soft skin, doesn't she Joanna," Andrea whispered.

Joanna touched the other side of Valerie's cheek and answered, "Yes very soft, very beautiful. I think we should see more of it."

Andrea and Joanna reached for Valerie's blouse and began to unbutton it down the front. Valerie struggled with her dilemma. She knew she should get up and leave but she remained seated as if she were constrained. Valerie felt her blouse pulled apart baring her bra and flat tummy. Andrea and Joanna ran their fingers lightly over Valerie's abs and around her bra covered breasts. "I really need to get going, please stop," Valerie pleaded unconvincingly.

"Hush, just relax now. You don't really want to be bound in those wires. Let us free with from those restraints," Andrea whispered.

Andrea and Joanna unhooked Valerie's bra and let her breasts tumble into their hands. Valerie felt the cool air caress her breasts just before the gentle hands covered and fondled them. Valerie cooed, closed her eyes and tilted her head back on the sofa. Valerie's bra was pushed up over her breasts and then two mouths covered her areoles and gently sucked on her nipples. Valerie allowed her breasts to be fondled and sucked. Joanna then kissed Valerie on the lips and just as she had with Jody, Valerie returned the kiss as Andrea continued to kiss and fondle her breasts.

Valerie's head was swimming and filled with conflicting thoughts. She knew she should stop the two women before it went too far. For that moment it felt wonderful to have her breasts kissed while another woman French kissed her. Valerie suddenly felt hands under her skirt and her panties being lowered and removed. She was confused as it was impossible for either Andrea or Joanna to remove her panties given the position of their bodies. Valerie then remembered that Carmen was in the room. It had to be Carmen.

"Oh my God." she thought, "Its Carmen. Carmen took off my panties." 

Valerie felt her legs being pushed apart and she realized that Carmen was after her pussy. Valerie felt helpless in the presence of these three powerful women. She allowed her legs to be parted, felt her skirt raised and a mouth cover her vulva. Valerie melted under the ministrations of the three accomplished lesbians. Any thoughts of leaving at this point had vanished from Valerie's mind. She was close to her first orgasm and when Carmen put fingers in Valerie's pussy and asshole that sent her over the edge. Her body jolted from the intensity of her climax and Valerie moaned loudly as Carmen licked her dry.

Valerie was next led by her hand toward the bed by Andrea. Carmen and Joanna had put out the sex toys on the dresser and Valerie would experience most of them before the night was done. All of them were naked now with clothes spewed in every direction. Andrea got on her back on the bed and beckoned Valerie to her. Valerie knelt on the bed and lowered her mouth to Andrea's tasty pussy. Valerie then felt Joanna slide under her and fasten her mouth on Valerie's pussy. Next Carmen knelt behind Valerie and played with her buttocks. Carmen then pushed Valerie's butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight brown aperture. Valerie gasped as Carmen probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Valerie tried to focus on Andrea's pussy but the women had her in an erotic state. Valerie located Andrea's clit and drew it into her mouth. Andrea cried out as Valerie took the hard pearl in her teeth and gently rolled it around. 

Andrea bucked her hips as she cried out with the intensity of her first orgasm. Just as she came Valerie held Andrea tightly to her mouth and tried to drink in all the woman's love juices. Valerie was struggling with her own climax as the women worked over her pussy and her asshole. Carmen had her tongue in Valerie's ass as deep as it would go and Joanna chewed lightly on Valerie's clit. Valerie screamed and her body thrashed about as her climax rocked her beautiful body. Valerie collapsed into Andrea's arms and stayed still as the three women caressed her body.

Once Andrea and Valerie recovered sufficiently from their orgasms, Andrea had Carmen and Joanna lay next to each other on the bed. Then Valerie knelt between Carmen's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty pussy. Andrea did the same with Joanna and the two lovers knelt side by side as they ate the pussies. The pussy eating skills of Andrea and Valerie were just too much and the two women were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as Andrea and Valerie worked over their energetic pussies. The women pushed their hips up trying to get the tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously Carmen and Joanna screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Andrea and Valerie continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. As the girls calmed a little Andrea and Valerie kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs. The women shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them. Valerie was overcome with the eroticism of the two sisters and mother.

Andrea got off the bed and then returned with two strap-on dildos and she told Carmen and Joanna that she wanted them to fuck her and Valerie with the fake cocks. Carmen and Joanna then put on the strap-on dildo and harness. The two women smiled as they looked at each other as the fake cocks bobbed in front of them.

"Nice cock," Joanna chuckled.

"You do too," laughed Carmen as she reached over and stroked Joanna's rubber cock.

Andrea and Valerie lay on their backs side by side and Andrea urged her mother and sister to fuck them. Carmen moved between Valerie's legs and Joanna got between Andrea's legs. They helped the women guide the fake cocks into their pussies and began moving their hips up to meet their experienced thrusts. Carmen and Joanna knew what they were doing and they soon had established a rhythm fucking the other women. They soon felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. It was so exciting for the family to be fucking each other and then they leaned over to suck on the Valerie's and Andrea's tits. Andrea and Valerie in turn fondled their lover's tits and tweaked their nipples and rolled them in their fingertips.

The entire room smelled of sex from the four dripping pussies. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as they fucked hard and fast. Carmen and Joanna were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. The two women worked their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Andrea and Valerie were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Andrea and Valerie screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. They humped quickly and then collapsed back on the bed as Carmen and Joanna plowed their pussies with the fake cocks.

Carmen and Joanna removed the rubber dicks from the women's pussies and looked at the dildos glistening with Andrea's and Valerie's juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Carmen and Joanna moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Valerie watched them do this and marveled at their initiative. The two women sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. 

"Valerie have you ever been fucked in the ass," Joanna inquired.

"No," Valerie replied shyly. 

"Wonderful let me show you what is next," Joanna told her, "You're going to love this."

"Grease her up really good," Carmen cautioned.

"Don't worry, I will," confirmed Joanna.

Andrea and Valerie as lay on their sides facing one another and worked the double dildo into their pussies as they had their assholes greased up by Joanna and Carmen. The two women watched in awe as the entire shaft at each end disappeared into the women's pussies.

"Now Carmen and I will fuck you in the ass with our cocks," Joanna directed.

The two women were so excited as they couldn't believe their good fortune that Valerie actually wanted to try a big rubber cock in her ass. Tentatively the two women got behind Andrea and Valerie and tenderly pushed the fake cocks into the women's assholes. Andrea and Valerie reached behind them and guided the dildos into their assholes and encouraged the women to fuck them hard and quick. Carmen moved closer to her daughter Andrea as the cock slid into her ass and Andrea reached behind her and pulled Carmen by her buttocks tightly against her. Carmen's pubes pressed into Andrea's ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Carmen could once again felt the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into her daughter as she fucked her ass. Carmen reached around and slid her hand between Valerie and Andrea and cupped her daughter's tits.
