 FOREWORD

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single, novel-length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes. 

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 41: Carly Invites Beth To Lynn's Surprise Party

Beth hated to break the spell, but she felt dehydrated. When Carly confessed she was parched herself, Beth donned her robe, went to the kitchen, and was soon back with two glasses of ice water. Pulling Beth back onto the bed Carly opened Beth's robe so she could crawl inside it against toasty warm new lover. Holding each other, they discussed how wonderful their first time together had been.

"Carly, there are a few things I want to confess, and some secrets I'd like to share with you. I hope you won't hate me, because I really do care for you. Everything about wanting you to be my other sister I mean with all my heart. But you should know I've been hoping to seduce you for a week now. It's a long story, but once I thought about making love with you, I knew I absolutely wanted tonight very, very much."

Caring embraces were shared, but Carly remained silent.

"You can ask me anything you want, I swear I'll give you straight answers when I can. But first, are you sorry we made love? I'm really worried you might hate me for planning this."

Carly gave Beth a warm, sloppy kiss to assuage her fears.

"Beth, I'm shocked you wanted me, but not at all sorry. Fact is, I feel like you saved my life, I've been feeling so lonely, and unattractive. I'll confess I never imagined making out with a girl, but I dreamed about doing it with boys all the time. Gotta tell ya, I had no idea two girls could have so much fun."

"Time for some secrets. I'd felt just like you described. I wanted a boy, but there didn't seem to be any good ones available, Lynn was having the same problem. Carly, I used to masturbate a lot. Do you like to get yourself off?"

Carly blushed, but nodded yes.

"Good, I'd have been worried if you didn't." After gathering her thoughts, Beth continued.

"Anything I tell you about Lynn, she knows about and it's OK with her, just so you understand I'm not a blabbermouth. We've slept in one bed sometimes for many years, so we could talk and stuff. To make a very long story short, we sort of caught each other doing it one night. Cutting to the chase, we discovered it was a lot more fun helping each other get off, and a lot less lonely after you've come. So you're actually the second girl I've fooled around with. Are we still friends, I hope?"

"Friends, sisters, and lovers, as long as you want me." Carly beamed. Hugs and kisses were freely bestowed for a time. "God, your skin feels great against mine! I love holding you close."

"Lord, yes. I feel the same way! Lynn and I started sleeping nude a long time before we thought about fooling around just because it felt so nice. Guess you should also know, that Lynn and I both wanted to be your first lover. I won! Lynn didn't have any homework tonight. She's next door praying she can be your second lover."

Carly's head started spinning again, she'd always adored Lynn. Learning that Lynn wanted to do the same wonderful things to her body that Beth had just done caused her insides to melt.

"When?" Carly croaked.

"Whenever you want it to be. But only if and when you know it's what you want, and you're positively ready." said Beth using a reassuring voice. 

"Would five minutes from now be too soon?" said a grinning Carly.

Beth laughed her butt off. With tears streaming down her face she said, "Oh yes, you're our sister for sure. If it felt good once, let's do it twice! That's us. You're a joy Carly!"

Between more hugs, fondles, and kisses they talked about Lynn, and what Carly would like to do. Eventually they worked out a plan that Carly totally liked.

In case her folks were up, Beth slipped on her robe. Taking something from a drawer, Beth left for Lynn's room. A minute later, at most, Beth reappeared steering a blindfolded Lynn into her room.

"Is Carly still here, or did you scare her so badly she ran screaming into the night?" Lynn asked light-heartedly.

"That's for me to know and you to find out." Beth laughed back. Beth released her shoulders once she'd guided Lynn near the bed where Carly stood silently waiting.

"OK, just stand here big sister."

Beth headed towards the door waving 'bye bye' as she turned. On tiptoes, Carly hurried after her. Feeling a hand on her robe as she opened the door, Beth turned back to Carly.

Carly kissed Beth, grabbing her tush as she did. Carly whispered so even Beth could barely hear, "Stay, sisters gotta share. Help me with Lynn when I signal you I'm ready. Besides, tonight I'd like to know what it feels like to be the contents of a Carly sandwich."

Carly gave Beth an open mouth kiss while slipping a hand inside Beth's robe, then onto her pussy. Beth's tongue pushing deeper into her mouth assured Carly she'd hit a good spot. Undoing Beth's robe, Carly slid inside it against Beth for a final hug before closing the door. Finishing a sexy, wet kiss, Carly led Beth to the settee.

Carly turned to her intended victim. Lynn still didn't have a clue what was happening around her. Silent as a ghost, Carly floated in front of Lynn. Gently pinning her arms to her sides, Carly leaned forward to plant a fleeting kiss. Lynn tried to return the kiss, but was too late, her lips only found air.

Grabbing the robe at each wrist, Carly raised Lynn's hands up as if readying her to clap. Turning Lynn's palms outward, Carly used her own hands to press Lynn's palms onto her breasts, then stepped into Lynn for a tongue laden French kiss. 

"Uuuuuumm." Lynn groaned into Carly's mouth. Her fingers happily kneaded the soft breasts of her unseen, and presumably new lover. 

As the kissing stretched on, Carly undid the robe's belt. Her hands freely explored Lynn's body, but avoided the very best places. Carly guided Lynn's hands onto her butt. Reaching behind Lynn, grabbing Lynn's checks, Carly pulled their naked bodies together. She ground her pelvis and breasts against the older girl's body. Lynn reacted, her tongue extended into Carly's mouth.

When Carly broke the kiss a minute later, she continued nibbling around Lynn's mouth. When Carly began to kiss her way down Lynn's throat, she brought her hands around to fondle Lynn's chest. Because it took a long time until her lips reached Lynn's nipples, they were plump and eager when Carly's mouth began to suck and nibble them.

One hand continued to fondle Lynn's teats, the other returned to her firm, round buns for support when Carly began kissing her way down Lynn's stomach.

Eventually Carly sank to her knees, both hands kneading Lynn's cheeks. She kissed Lynn's mons, legs and thighs, all around Lynn's mesmerizing shaved lips. Lynn, unbidden, widened her feet to make her genitals completely available to her unseen lover. Bringing her hands around from behind Lynn, Carly's palms glided over Lynn everywhere but where Lynn most wanted to be touched.

Staring unblinkingly at Lynn's pussy Carly was fascinated to watch Lynn grow more and more aroused. During the past minutes her vaginal lips had swollen noticeably, the inner pink flesh was ever more exposed, moisture appeared from nowhere, the scent of arousal crept into her nostrils, the petals of her pink labia unfolded to offer their hidden prize. Best of all, Lynn's clitoris was emerging, begging not to be ignored.

Lynn sucked in air like a Hoover as Carly's fingertips finally began to lightly skim over her pussy. She'd graze the sensitive lips with her fingertips on the way down, then use her nails on the way up. Carly brought her face close enough to observe every minute detail as she opened Lynn up, exposing her hidden parts; her hot breath caressed Lynn, causing her to shudder.

Allowing her fingers explored within Lynn's slit, Carly ran a finger over Lynn's clit quickly, at random times, teasing Lynn, but never long enough to let her climax. Finally, she wormed her middle finger straight up and into Lynn.

Lynn had been somewhat aroused the entire time she'd waited next door in her bedroom. She would've loved to be the first with Carly, but because she'd asked Beth to initially pair off with Jimmy, it was only fair Beth got to have Carly.

The waiting had been torture; her imagination regarding what could be transpiring in Beth's room had left her trembling. Carly had always been pretty shy. There was no guarantee she'd welcome Beth's advances, even less that she'd want anything to do with Lynn. Now Lynn found herself being turned on by an unseen Carly.

For Lynn, now being blindfolded was a heaven and hell deal for sure. This was torture, an exquisite tease that heightened her excitement tremendously. It was hell not being able to look at the sexy naked breasts she'd fondled, or the naked body that had pressed against her. Those fantastic soft, breasts had to be Carly's, she didn't feel Beth's long nipples. Lynn had surely felt the tickle of pubic hair against her tingling slit, so she must've cupped Carly's naked butt.

Having heard a door open and close, Lynn assumed poor Beth was now in Lynn's room. In fact, Beth was furiously strumming herself, seconds away from an orgasm. The show she was being treated to was better than any fantasy she'd ever thought of. Carly was a natural, a bright creative girl who seemed ready to make up for lost time, sexually speaking.

There was Lynn, standing before her, robe wide open, blindfolded, panting. When she saw Carly push her finger inside Lynn, Beth came, a good hard climax she could barely muffle. It wasn't easy, but she managed to remain silent; if Carly had a plan, she didn't want to ruin it.

Lynn's knees felt rubbery when Carly fingered her. If she hadn't had to concentrate on standing, on keeping her balance while being blindfolded, she might well have come from that initial penetration.

Kissing her way back up to Lynn's nipples, Carly nursed on them tenderly. A finger still busily explored Lynn's vagina, meanwhile the heal of a palm slowly ground against Lynn's clit. Her lips moved up to Lynn's mouth. While their tongues swirled around each other, Carly worked the robe off Lynn's shoulders with her free hand; it fell in a puddle behind the eldest girl.

Positioning a hand in the middle of Lynn's back, Carly carefully waltzed her back the few steps needed to reach Beth's bed. Only then did Carly release her grip on Lynn's crotch.

Carefully, Carly guided Lynn's hands until they touched the bed. Once she was sure Lynn understood, Carly guided Lynn to lay down across the bed sideways. Motioning for Beth to join her, Carly walked around the bed to the side where Lynn's head rested. Leaning forward, Carly began kissing Lynn upside down. Supporting herself with an arm, Carly dragged a teat across Lynn's forehead until her nipple dropped into Lynn's mouth.

While Lynn avidly sucked Carly's pointy breast into her mouth, Carly bent to nurse on Lynn. Carly fed Lynn her other nipple when it demanded equal attention. Lynn's mouth felt so perfect it was hard to stop, but Carly sensed that Lynn needed taking care of.

Standing again, Carly climbed onto the bed near Lynn's midsection. She signaled Beth to take over sucking Lynn's nearest teat, which she did with obvious enthusiasm. Unconsciously Lynn had spread her legs like a five-dollar whore, her body had quietly directed her into a serious 'take me' position. Carly was ready to spring her little surprise for Lynn.

Carly slid her right hand onto Lynn's right vaginal lip and thigh for support, then she pounced. Her left hand arrived at Lynn's pussy just ahead of her mouth. Her hands pulled Lynn's lips apart, making it easy for Carly's mouth to suck directly on Lynn's swollen clit.

Lynn's body felt like a Mack truck had hit it. Her nipples were still being sucked wonderfully; then, bang, her clit was also in someone's mouth. "BOTH GIRLS ARE EATING ME!" her mind screamed. Suffering sexual overload, her body decided this was the perfect moment for an orgasm, a really, really good orgasm. Lynn hadn't known what to expect, this double teaming, blindfolded sexual delight was so unexpected that she experienced one hell-of-a climax.

Moaning like an Irish banshee, Lynn's hips bucked uncontrollable, her body twisted from side to side. Her fingers clawed at the comforter, her diaphragm reverberated with the sounds of her passion.

Now Carly was in a bad way, she needed to be eaten so she could come. "Beth, take the blindfold off your sister." she hissed.

"Lynn, eat me now. I need your mouth." Carly said, clearly in distress. Before Beth had even removed the blindfold. Carly was on her side, leg raised so Lynn could reach her. Wisely, Beth moved out of harm's way, but continued running her hands onto many sensitive areas.

As Lynn opened her eyes, she was greeted by Carly's dark pubic fur and sodden, excited slit. Diving in tongue first, Lynn ate Carly's pussy like her life depended upon it. At the first taste of Carly's sweet slit, Lynn came again. As soon as Carly felt the passion with which Lynn was eating her out, Carly's climax cut loose.

Moving around the bed, Beth slid in behind Carly. Lynn was furiously sucking near Carly's clit. Beth began kissing Carly's buns, using her tongue to probe her crack and her vagina when Lynn's head wasn't in the way. She reached around to also grope Carly's right breast.

Beth and Lynn successfully created the first ever Carly sandwich, and the filling loved it. Carly began coming almost non-stop. The more she came, the more she tried to inhale Lynn's pussy. Both girls ate each other mercilessly; both enjoyed a 'Come Fest'.

Even though Carly was in a near stupor, she managed to think of Beth behind her, her left hand soon found Beth's pussy, Beth moved her knee up until it rested on Carly's torso. Gaining free access to Beth, Carly's worked a couple finger's into her first lover then worked them around or in and out. Before very long Beth was merrily coming right along with her sisters.

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This journey continues with Chapter 42.