 Chapter 2, Aunt Brenda

About four o'clock, the wake changed venue from the Church of Christ to the Bulls and Bears Tavern a few blocks away. The "Christians" would not have approved of the drinking and dancing. Alice had struck up a conversation with an old acquaintance from back when her marriage to Dan had been only a couple of years old. 

Brenda went from group to group accepting condolences and sipping more white wine than she realized. About 6pm, she went over to where Alice was engaged in a heated debate over whether Dan really had been a womanizer or not. 

Whispering in Alice's ear, "I'm drunk sister, I taking a cab back to the hotel and you keep the car." 

She handed Alice the keys to her car, turned and was out the door before Alice could say a word. Brenda settled into the back seat of the cab, "Hyatt Airport", she said. 

"Yes, Ma'am" 

It wasn't but a couple of miles to the hotel so the ride was short and sweet. "I need a shower and some sleep." Brenda though as the taxi pulled up to the front entrance. The doorman opened the taxi door for her and she stepped out. The heel of her pump caught the molding across the bottom of the doorway and she tumbled out onto the concrete. 

"Great! This is just great!" she cried as the doorman took her arm and helped her to her feet. There was a small tear on the knee of her panty hose but the bruise to her ego was the greater injury. Flushed with embarrassment, she managed a, "Thank you." and managed to make it inside and to the elevator. 

"Come on, come on," she thought. Finally the doors opened and she stepped inside. She pushed the 15Th floor button and slouched against the wall. When the doors opened, she smoothed her dress, more out of habit than necessity, and walked out into the hallway and to their room. 

Easing the card into the slot, she opened the door into a darkened room. Without turning on the light, she walked in. 

Lucy had left the drapes open a little so some of the early evening light softly illuminated the room. There was Lucy asleep on the bed closest to the window. The dim light played on Lucy's body exposed by the open robe. She lay on her back but with her knees drawn up slightly and to the side. Her breasts were only slightly covered by her left arm that was across her chest. Brenda watched the slow rise and fall of Lucy's breathing. Brenda had watched her niece grow up and become a beautiful woman. She had long time dreams of someday taking Lucy to that forbidden place. Was this the time, the place? Brenda forced herself to look away, "Shower and sleep," she thought, "shower and sleep." 

Brenda slipped out of her shoes, turned and walked into the bathroom, and carefully closed the door as to not make any more noise than possible. She turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature to a comfortable warm mixture. Then she turned to the mirror and watched reflection as she unzipped her dress. Sliding the straps off of her shoulders the dress fell to the floor. She massaged her breasts a little as they breathed the moist air of the room. She had not worn a bra. Hooking her thumbs in the waistband of her torn panty hose, she guided them down to her ankles and stepped out of them. She deposited them rather unceremoniously in the trash receptacle. Then stepping out of her thong she stepped into the stream of the warm shower. 

Brenda closed her eyes as she guided the washcloth over her body. She didn't waste a lot of time as she was thinking more of the sleep she need than of the shower. She turned off the water and reached for a towel to wrap her wet hair in. Then she took another, stepping out of the tub and wrapped it around herself as a mini toga. She quietly opened the door and stepping into the room. 

Lucy had turned sometime during Brenda's shower. Now lay supine with her legs slightly apart the robe fully open to each side exposing the girl completely. Brenda walked between the beds and sat on the other bed facing her niece. She gazed at the girl's body, unable to turn away, taking in all of it's beauty, the fullness of her breasts, the small dainty nipples, the flat tummy extending down finishing with the tuft of hair above her Mons. 

At some time during her sleep, Lucy had cried. There were sill tears in her eyes and the trail some had made down her cheek. Leaning forward, Brenda put her hands on Lucy's bed and bend down. She kissed away the tear that lingered on Lucy's face. And then she kissed the trail of the tears and finally she softly put her lips on Lucy's lips and kissed her there. It was a soft kiss but she did not move back from Lucy's lips. Lucy's lips were soft and smooth. To her surprise she felt her niece open her mouth, an invitation Brenda could not ignore. Her tongue Lucy's mouth and she felt the girl respond with her own tongue. 

"I'm sorry, Lucy," she said. "I didn't mean to wake you." 

Lucy smiled, "I wasn't asleep. I've been waiting for you." 

Lucy took Brenda in her arms and pulled her down to her mouth again. The kiss was long with passion. "Oh, Lucy," she whispered. "You have no idea how I have longed to kiss you like that." 

Brenda straightened up a little and allowed Lucy to undo the towel that separated their bodies. Then Lucy slipped her arms out of her robe. The two women embraced again, their bodies together, their arms caressing one another. Brenda stopped thinking. She moved, driven by the passion of the moment, to one side and turned Lucy toward her. Slipping her leg between Lucy's, Brenda continued the dance of their tongues as her hands now caressed the girl's breasts. The passion of their bodies together and the kisses had awakened the fire in Brenda. She was at that place, the time was now. 

Brenda eased her arm from under Lucy's shoulders and turn to face her niece. Taking a breast in each hand she alternated from one to the other, taking a tender nipple, now hard with passion, into her mouth, plying it with her tongue as her fingers squeezed and caressed the breasts she had long admired. The soft sucking sounds were muffled by Lucy's moans of passion, but each heightening the excitement of both women. 

Lucy not wasting the moment caressed her aunt's back, neck and hair. Anything that she could reach she moved her hands over applying pressure to insure that Brenda knew where she wanted her. Lucy leg was still between Brenda's and she moves it so that it was tight against the older woman's vulva, feeling the wetness of her. 

Brenda moved her kisses down Lucy's tummy, pausing at her navel to play with the Garnet stud the girl had there. Then slowly moving to the soft patch of pubic hair above Lucy's clit. Brenda's kisses on Lucy's labia stirred the girl to move her pelvis in a slow rhythm. Matching her tongue movement to Lucy's pelvis undulations, Brenda covered the girl's labia and clit over and over, tasting the sweet nectar of Lucy's slit. Lucy brought her knees up and lifted her bottom off the bed to give Brenda easier access. Brenda slid a finger into the girl's vagina and heard a moan as she did; now two fingers and more moans. Brenda could feel Lucy's orgasm as the muscles contracted around her fingers. 

"Oh, gawd! Brenda! Yes, yes," Lucy managed between moans. "Yes, fuck me, fuck me!" 

Brenda slipped in a third finger and worked them while she licked and sucked Lucy's clit. The orgasm faded some but Brenda did not let up and continue the love on her niece. It was not but a minute and Lucy had another orgasm. Lucy bit her lip to keep from screaming out loud, so intense it was. Then as it too subsided, Brenda slowed the movement of her fingers and just kissed Lucy's outer lips softly. Withdrawing her fingers, she wrapped her arms around Lucy's thighs and lay there quietly nibbling here and there, kissing here and there. 

Soon Lucy's breathing was somewhat back to normal so Brenda moved back alongside of the girl and held her in her arms, nibbling at her ears, kissing her neck. Lucy sighed and lounged in the sweet embrace. Then reaching down to feel her own wetness. Moving her hand only slightly she felt the warmth of her aunt's pussy and began to finger Brenda's labia and it's now engorge clit. The two women lay there for some time pleasuring each other with their fingers, stirring each other's emotion to the point of orgasm. 

"Brenda," Lucy whispered, "let me now do you." 

"Mmmmmmm, please do," was the only response Brenda could muster. 

Lucy rose and turned to put her mouth over Brenda's mons. Brenda lifted Lucy's right leg and placed if over her chest, so now Lucy was straddle her. Lucy began to lick all around Brenda's clit and labia. Up one side and down the other, sucking her clit now, licking it and then doing the same to the older woman's labia. Lucy had her arms around Brenda's thighs so she could control how far apart they were. Brenda was quick to respond to this erotic eating of her pussy by her young niece. Almost involuntary thrusts of her pelvis added to rush of Lucy's tongue as it probed deeply into Brenda's vagina. At the same time Brenda moved some pillows under her head so that it was lifted up to meet Lucy's wet and swollen pussy poised above her face. The two licking and sucking in a 69 of lust. The vaginal flesh in each one's mouth softened moans of ecstasy from each. They almost came together as each woman's orgasm racked her body. On and on they continued licking, sucking, probing with both tongues and fingers. Writhing bodies pleasured with the waves of orgasm after orgasm. Finally exhaustion winning out over lust, Lucy and her Aunt Brenda returned to the side-by-side position enveloping each other in a lover's embrace.

&&&&&