 It had taken two whole years since we had first met to actually agree on a date for lunch. I'm Anna, thirty years old, five feet eight inches tall with long blond hair framing a pretty, or so I'm told, face with brilliant blue eyes and wide, red, perpetually smiling lips. I'm very slim, but have large breasts for my size, 34C. Today I was wearing a pale green sleeveless dress with a short skirt that set off my long, slim legs to very good effect. And oh yes, did I mention that I'm gay?

"Hello Judy!" I exclaimed as I walked up to the small, small-breasted, pretty woman with shoulder length chestnut hair, dressed in a light yellow blouse and black slacks, who was waiting for me outside the pub. "You look gorgeous today."

"Hello Anna." replied Judy, blushing and holding out her hands and grasping mine. As I've already mentioned, we'd known each other for a couple of years, since she had paid my office a visit. We had hit it off at once, she had suggested we have lunch together then, and on several occasions since, but we never had. Until today, and in spite of a spark that had passed between us when we'd first met, I had no idea if she was straight or gay.

I ushered Judy into the pub, she turned into the booth area, chose the end booth and slid in. I sat next to her. We were followed by the waitress, who took our order, a pint of on-tap Strongbow cider each and, as it was Friday, the pub's signature fish and chips.

"So," grinned Judy at me, "we finally made it, we're actually having lunch together. See, I told you when we first met that it would be a good idea. What took us so long?"

"I haven't a clue." I replied. "It just seemed as though every time I thought of it I was already doing something else but, as you said, we're here at last, so let's enjoy ourselves. At the risk of repeating myself, you're looking very pretty today, Judy."

"Why thank you kindly." she replied with a blush and a grin. "You look pretty good yourself." With that, we each took a long draught of our ice cold cider, which stopped our breath for a few seconds. We would have to be careful, Strongbow cider is very strong, has a delicious kick, and we each had a pint to take care of!

As we waited for our fish and chips, we sipped our cider and chatted about our jobs. We both worked in the same field, so had a lot to talk about, had many friends and co-workers in common, so the time flew until the waitress returned with our meals in two wicker baskets.

We ate our food and continued sipping until we began to develop a buzz, and our conversation began to loosen up, becoming a lot more personal. Funny how alcohol does that to you! 

It turned out that Judy was a long-time divorcée with two teenaged children. Well that puts paid to that, I thought, she's straight. Nevertheless I wondered, quite innocently, how she made out for sex. It turned out that she has a good friend, sex not specified, with whom she gets together from time to time, whenever the itch needs to be scratched 

As we chatted we moved closer together on the seat until we were sitting, shoulder to shoulder and thigh to thigh. I was very surprised to feel her hand gently touch my leg now and then as she looked directly into my eyes, a smile on her lips. I think I mentioned earlier that Judy was very pretty, small, petite with small breasts. This latter point obviously bothered her, because from absolutely nowhere, she said "I so love your breasts, Anna, mine are just too small. I wish they were bigger."

When I'd caught my breath, I grinned at her and told her "Judy, I disagree with you, your breasts are just about perfect. Size isn't everything, and you're a small woman. They look beautiful to me."

"So, they're 'just about' perfect, are they? What do you think they need to make them perfect?" As she said this, she grinned evilly, and slid her fingers up my inner thigh until they were just grazing my by now very damp panties.

I took a deep breath. Damn, would a straight do that? "All I meant by 'just about, Judy," I stuttered, conscious that her roving fingers were causing my juices to flow copiously, "was that they haven't passed the touch and taste test, very important factors in establishing breast quality. Visually, they're beautiful, and if I partly close my eyes I can imagine them nestling in silk."

Judy burst out laughing. "Don't I wish! I buy plain, cotton underwear from the budget department store around the corner, and it does just fine. But silk does sound like fun. So, tell me more about the touch and taste test? It sounds quite intriguing."

"It's hard to explain." I grinned. "It's really much easier to demonstrate, but this isn't the most convenient place for that. People would be stacked up outside the window cheering us on. Maybe people we know and work with. And anyway, I wouldn't want to do anything that might offend you."

"You're right." giggled Judy. "That wouldn't work at all. But just for your information, Anna, I can't think of anything you might do that would offend me. So any other suggestions?" She squirmed on her seat and added, "You've got me very interested now, and I think I'm finding out just how absorbent cotton is! But everything has its limitations."

She was serious, and from the messages I was getting from between my legs, I was pretty serious too. With a perfectly straight face, I whispered in her ear, "You know the Holiday Inn a block away? Why don't we play hookey the rest of the afternoon and get a room. That way I can give your breasts their final examination and enjoy myself immensely, all in one swell foop. Sorry, too much cider, one fell swoop."

She looked at me, gave me a quick kiss, just brushing my lips and giggled. "You're cute. How fast can we get out of here? Do you need to call work to tell them you won't be back? I don't."

"I don't either." I replied. "We're out of here." We paid our bills at the bar, crossed the road, a traffic-free zone, and within five minutes had registered at the Holiday Inn and were entering our room. The receptionist hadn't even blinked when we signed in, which wasn't surprising as this area of cafes and restaurants doubled as a red light district, so guests arriving with no luggage and practically panting probably weren't too unusual. 

We were both extremely nervous, although I suspected that we had both been thinking about this possibility long before we met today. I knew I had, and the signals I'd been receiving from Judy told me that she had too.

As the door closed behind us, we looked at each other and I took her hands in mine. "Judy, are you sure you want to do this? If you have any doubts at all we can leave right now and no harm done."

"Anna, I've been wanting to do this for two years. If you think I'm going to chicken out now, forget it. Do you want to back out?"

"I'm not leaving here until I've at least established the absolute perfection of your breasts, Judy. Believe it or not, I've been looking forward to this for a long time, and I'm certainly not backing out now."

I led her to the king bed, sat, removed our glasses and placed them on the end table, pulled her to me and kissed her deeply, our kiss wonderful and prolonged. Judy smelled delicious, tasted better, and we allowed our tongues to meet, to merge, to entwine, each of us moaning with a growing lust and deep enjoyment. I kissed her eyes, her cheeks, her lips again, her nose, her ears, everything about her was so new, so delicious, we had been looking forward to this for so long.

I pulled back from her, just a little. "I think it's about time I conducted my little investigation. No, I didn't mean to say that, really, I didn't mean to say little."

"You're an idiot!" she giggled. "Stop talking and do it, I can't wait any longer."

I had to giggle too, and began to unbutton her blouse, slowly, one button at a time, until I reached the waist of her pants, pulled her blouse out and slid it off her shoulders. No doubt about it, she was wearing a plain cotton bra, not even padded, which meant that her breasts were probably a little larger than I had imagined. I touched them, stroked them, feeling the firmness of the flesh under the soft cotton. She gasped at my touch, and as I watched, I saw her nipples pucker and harden, tenting the thin material, inviting my thumbs to gently rub them, which they were only too happy to do.

I reached round behind her slim body found the clasp of her bra and unfastened it, allowing it to fall forward off her shoulders. I was right, her breasts, though small, were beautiful. They had developed a bit of a droop, not surprising at our age, but were otherwise firm and oh so soft. Her areolas were unusually large, puckered, pebbled and puffy, a beautifully deep pink, her nipples, also unusually large and long, and a darker pink, thrust forward, begging me to take one in my mouth, to suckle it, to nibble on it. How could I resist such an invitation!

Judy whimpered as I suckled, nibbled, loving the sensations that were flooding from her breast, deep into the pit of her stomach. As I suckled, my hands had closed on the globes of her very cute bottom, very firm bottom, and they kneaded the firm flesh with joy.

I disengaged from her nipple, looked into her eyes and grinned "Judy, you'll be very pleased to learn that you've passed the touch and taste test with flying colours. Your breasts really are beautiful, completely beautiful, feel magnificent, so very soft, and taste wonderful. I just love your big nipples. But now that I know how lovely your breasts are, I must find out more. There's a wonderful aroma rising from between your legs and it's intoxicating. I just have to do some more exploring."

"Don't you dare even think about stopping!" she gasped as my fingers unfastened her slacks and pulled down the zipper. 

Her aroma increased in volume, increasing our passion even further, if that was possible. I eased her slacks down over her thighs, over her calves, until she kicked them off impatiently. Yes, her panties too were plain, white cotton, as she'd claimed, and were very, very wet between her legs, the source of the beautiful smell.

I touched her mound, her very wet mound, and she gasped, peeled down her panties, which were kicked off in frustration, to reveal a very prominent mound, totally smooth and clean shaven, her lips swollen and split, her deep dark slit pearled with her juices, very obvious and inviting.

I fell to my knees, pulled her to me, licked the length of her swollen, red lips before inserting my tongue into her slit, which drew a small scream from Judy, and found the hard shaft, yes, shaft, not button, of a very large clit, which slid into my mouth so very easily.

Judy shuddered, moaning loudly as my tongue caressed the head of her clit, licking it, sucking it, again and again, harder and harder, until her climax rolled over her, she screamed loudly, and exploded in an enormous, orgasm, her sweet cum spraying over my face.

She collapsed onto me and we fell back onto the bed, my arms holding her shuddering, whimpering body tight. 

"Dear God, Anna, I think you just killed me!" she muttered as she clutched me, gasping for breath but with a huge smile on her face. "I suspected that you were gay, but I can't tell you how happy I am to find out that you really are." The realization of what she'd said suddenly struck her and her brow furrowed. "You are, aren't you?"

"Of course I am, you idiot" I giggled, "and I'm just as happy to learn that you are too. I just wish we hadn't wasted two whole years. Can you imagine the fun we could have had?"

We lay and cuddled for a while, whispering to each other, touching each other, loving the feeling of closeness, of comfort, of happiness.

"Your time's come, Anna." whispered Judy, a smile in her voice. Her fingers stroked my face, traced my lips, found their way into the valley between my breasts, gently stroking the soft skin with her fingertips. "Stand up, sweetheart, let's get this dress off."

I stood, my zip fell and my dress fluttered down to the floor. Judy gasped as I stood before her in a pale green silk bra and matching tiny thong. "Oh you!" she giggled. "You are wearing silk, and how beautiful they look."

"As it happens, they're just for you, though I had no idea when I put them on this morning that you'd be seeing them. I hoped, but didn't know. Now I'm so glad I did and that you like them."

"I love them, sweetheart, but I'm sure you won't mind if I take them off?"

"If you don't, Judy, I'll take them off myself." I giggled. 

As she kissed me, she reached round behind me and unclasped my bra, eased it off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. A hand fell to my thong, stroked the wetness of its front panel with a sharp fingernail. I moaned into her open mouth, encouraging her to slide the thong down over my hips until it, too, fell to the floor.

As she pushed me back onto the bed, Judy's kisses descended over my soft throat, my bare, firm breasts, hard nipples, trailing down my stomach to my smooth mound, with its gaping slit, into the slit, tasting our mingled cum, slurping the length of my soft folds, into my dripping cunt, sucking my clit into her mouth as she inserted a wet, slippery finger into the puckered rosebud of my ass. My trembling and bucking increased until, with a long scream, our neighbours must surely have called the police by now, I came, my thick cum splattering over her face until she was forced to move, or be drowned.

I trembled and shuddered in Judy's arms as she clambered up my body and held me tight. "Two years!" I gasped. "Two wasted years. We could have been doing this for two whole years, but now I've found you, we've got all that time to make up for.

"And I'm not finished." Judy grinned from a cum-splattered face. "I have more planned for you, unless you'd like me to stop of course."

"Don't you dare!" I exclaimed. "I don't think I'll ever have enough of you. You've made love to me today better than any other woman ever has, and I need more."

"Oh yes, and how many other women have there been?" she asked, a huge grin on her face.

"That's none of your business, Judy!" I exclaimed.

"Hey, you brought the subject up." she laughed.

"Eight."

"Eight what?"

"I've slept with eight women in my life."

"Is that including me?"

"Yes, that's including you. What do you think I am, a sex maniac?"

"Well, on this afternoon's evidence........"

"Don't you dare go there!" I giggled, leaping on her, kissing her, licking the cum off her face. "So you've got more planned, eh? So, are you ready to go again, or is it all talk?." I reached down, slid a finger between her wet, swollen lips and when she moaned, smiled and whispered "Oh, I think you're ready, sweetheart, wet and ready. Right, hands and knees." I laughed. Judy did, got onto her hands and knees on the bed and backed up. I was right behind her, between her spread legs and was presented with a beautiful view of the soft, smooth globes of her ass, the deep valley between them, at the bottom of which was her puckered, tight hole, and below that her gaping cunt, lips spread wide, still wet from our last encounter. I kissed her ass lovingly, the two white cheeks, down into the valley to her tight puckered hole and thrust my tongue inside.

She whimpered as I did this, pushing back against me, forcing my tongue further inside her. As she did this, I slipped two fingers deep into her wet cunt, which was now even wetter as she'd been producing more and more juices.

Judy screamed as my fingers and tongue thrust into her, shaking and trembling in front of me until her climax broke over her and she sprayed her sweet cum over my face as I had done to hers.

Once again we collapsed into each other's arms, Judy trying hard to breathe. We lay there, holding each other, kissing softly, whispering words of love and appreciation, passions rising until, after another long drawn out session of lovemaking time came, far too soon, for us to leave. 

We dressed quickly, and went our separate ways, Judy back to her children, I to my husband, but not before we'd made arrangements to have lunch again the following Friday, another long lunch, another long and tasty lunch.