 As I looked across the dance floor, I saw her. She was an absolutely gorgeous woman with straight ebony hair flowing down her back in curls. Even though I was watching her from afar I noticed her brilliant blue eyes and charming smile. Her lips were full and her skin was tanned by the sun. She wore a slim red dress that clung to her every luscious curve. Her breasts were perky and full, I figured she had to be a size DD. Her waist was slim and her hips were wide. Her ass was nice and plump and her legs went on forever.

However, I noticed that I was not the only one watching her. Millions of men had their eyes on this beauty. I had to think fast if I wanted her in my bed. Which I did very much, and I actually lusted for her skin to be pressed against mine. But I only had one question on my mind, was she a lesbian or possibly bi like me? I had to know and quick.

I rushed to my friend Peter who was leaning against the bar with a thick blonde woman who snarled at me when I got close. I just flashed my smile at her and dragged him away. I pointed to the object of my lust and he grinned. He told me her name was Mae. He also said he knew her and even though she was straight she confessed to him one night, while she was drunk, that she was curious about having sex with another woman.

I was intrigued, she wanted to experience being with a woman. That made me smile, but how should I approach her? Just go up to her and say, "So my friend Peter said you were curious about fucking a woman. Wanna give me a whirl?" No...that wouldn't do at all. I had to think, then I came up with an idea. I'll get her drunk, I went to the bar and told the bartender to send a martini to the girl in red, her name is Mae.

He sent one over to her and said that it was from the gorgeous woman in the black dress. I raised my glass to her when she turned towards me. I saw a wry smile fall upon her lips as she took a sip and raised her own glass. I smiled back at her and kept our eyes locked. When she turned away I felt smug with myself, 'Maybe it'll work after all,' I thought.

I kept sending drinks over to her, she always accepted them and would turn towards me every time and smile. Once she had about four martinis she finally came to me. "If I didn't know better I'd say you were trying to get me drunk," she whispered in my ear.

"Is it working?" I asked mischievously.

She giggled deep in her throat and laid her hand on my thigh. "Yes."

I looked her in the eye and replied, "Good."

She looked at me and cocked her head. "Would you like to dance with me?"

"Sure." I sat my empty class down and she grabbed my hand and pulled me to the dance floor. I put myself behind her and grinded my hips into her ass. She still had her drink in hand and sipped while pushing her well-rounded ass against me. My hands found their way to her hips and pulled her closer. I was getting into it when she turned to me and asked what my name was.

"Michelle," I replied.

"I'm Mae!" she shouted above the music. "But you already knew that! The waiter told me that you wanted the drinks to be given to me. I'm curious, why?"

"You said so yourself earlier, I want to get you drunk!"

She laughed and sat her empty glass down. "Let's get out of here!"

"Want to go to my place?" I asked, hoping she'd say yes.

I was not disappointed when she agreed instantly and we left hand in hand. "Did you drive here?"

I told her I didn't, I rode with a friend, which already left. She told me that she didn't either so we called for a cab. We continued to hold hands when our taxi pulled up. I let her in first so I could watch her ass. She crawled across the seat and began to laugh. "What is it?" I asked.

"You were starring at my ass, Michelle."

"Oh? I was?" I laughed with her but was cut off when she leaned towards me then kissed my lips softly. She pulled away and leaned against the seat. I could see her chest rise and fall. I grabbed her hand and felt her pulse racing. "Nervous?"

"I've never been with a girl before," she admitted. "So, yeah, I'm nervous."

"Don't be," I told her. "Think of it as a experiment."

She looked to me and with innocent eyes. I couldn't help but pull her face to mine and kiss her hard on the lips. Her lips were soft like I imagined. When I sank my tongue in hers, she tasted like I thought she would. My hand fondled her breast and the other held her head to mine in a sweet, intoxicating kiss.

The cab pulled up to my house and we jumped out. Up the walk way we held hands and gave little pecks on the lips and cheeks. I opened my front door and let her in first. I told her to have a seat and I asked if she liked beer, because that's all I had. She nodded and I went and got us each one. We sipped, kissed, and fondled. Well I did the fondling and she did the moaning.

Once our beers where gone I asked her to come up to my room with me and she followed me up the stairs. I couldn't hold my lust in anymore, I grabbed her about the waist and pushed her onto my bed. I kissed her deeply and it filled me with more lust as her tongue mated with mine. I unbuttoned her dress and yanked it off to find that she was not wearing a bra. Her breasts were full and her nipples were hard pinkish-brownish nubs. I put one in my mouth and suckled. My hand gave the other tit attention by rubbing the nipple between my finger tips.

Mae moaned and grabbed my hair. I let go of each nipple and continued to push her dress down. Not only was she not wearing a bra, she wasn't wearing panties either. I smiled up at her and she look nervously down at me.

"Don't be scared," I cooed at her. "You'll love."

"Please, tell me what you will do first," she begged.

I kissed her mouth and between every kiss downward I told her what I had planned for her. "I'll kiss down your body, like this." I kissed each breast then the valley between. Then started to kiss every inch of her taught stomach. "Then I'm going to rub my finger against your sweet clit, like this." My fingers rubbed her clit softly. "Then I'll sink my tongue into the sweet wetness of your pussy and taste your juices, like this."

My tongue licked her clit then sank into her wetness. It tasted sweet, like I knew it would. I licked at her pussy and she bucked against my face. I cupped her ass in my hands and pulled her to me while I sank my tongue in deeper. She continued to buck and moan louder than before. Right when I knew she was about to cum, I stopped. I stood and she watched me dreamily as I undressed in front of her. She licked her lips, once then twice. I stood before her naked and told to get off my bed. She obeyed.

I told her to get on her knees before me. She obeyed. "I want you to lick my pussy now, Mae."

I sat on the side of my bed and spread my legs in front of her face. I pushed her head into my crouch and told her to lick. He tongue felt amazing against my hot, swollen clit. She sucked my pussy like a pro and I told her so over and over again. She was shy at first but she became quite aggressive after a few moments. Her tongue went into my hole and her fingers rubbed my clit. I moaned for her and sank her tongue in deeper. I watched her as she tongue fucked my pussy. I felt my release come and I pushed her away from me.

"Get on the bed," I told her. She obeyed.

I went to my closet and grabbed two vibrators. I laid down next to her and told her to insert one in my pussy when I insert mine into hers. She nodded and I pulled her lips to mine. I put my vibrator into her pussy and she put hers into mine. I suckled on her nipple and she suckled on mine. We pushed the vibrators into each other and as I was about to cum I shouted to tell her.

"Oh, Mae, I'm going to cum for you, Baby! Cum for me!"

She bit down on my nipple and I cried out with pleasure. She cried out with me and we came together. We laid panting on my bed for a few seconds, then I went down and licked her pussy clean. Once I was done, she did the same for me. We laid together and held each other tight. Our naked bodies pressed together. We fell asleep, but then the next morning Mae woke me with a surprise. I was coming in her mouth as she licked and sucked me. We spent that day pleasing each other all over again.