 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. 

Chapter two had Rachel and Monica getting closer and Brooke's marathon sex encounter with Monica. Brooke also began her seduction of Rachel. Stacy and the cute teacher Millie got together and we met Brooke's lover Nichole. In chapter three Brooke shows Rachel the true meaning of lesbian love. Monica and Stacy spent an erotic day together and Rachel's mother had an unexpected lesbian experience that opened her eyes to a brand new world. The last chapter covered the first parent's weekend at the Brooke Cummings Academy with more encounters and discoveries.

Chapter five covers the aftermath from the discoveries on parent's weekend and Rachel's new relationship at the academy. Please remember that all characters in the story are at least 18 years of age.

THE WEEKEND AFTER PARENT'S WEEKEND

Rachel and Monica had sex a couple of times during the week following the orgy at Brooke's home but it was uneventful for Rachel. She liked cumming but she was losing interest in Monica. On Friday afternoon Rachel was summoned to Brooke's office where she received a special request.

"You wanted to see me Ms. Cummings?" Rachel was always formal at the school.

"Yes Rachel, please come in and be seated," Brooke told her and then closed and locked the door.

"How have you been this week? Have you recovered from the party and all the sex?" 

"Yes I have Brooke but I still have a difficult time accepting having had sex with my mother?"

"Well you shouldn't, you two looked beautiful together and it is something very special between the two of you. Now I have a favor to ask of you," Brooke stated.

"Yes, what can I do for you?"

"I would like you to switch dorm rooms with a girl named Annie. You see Annie likes girls and she is as aggressive as Monica. The problem is that Annie rooms with Brittany who is not a lesbian and who is getting frustrated with Annie. Brittany came to me and asked me to switch roommates," Brooke explained.

"Does she know that I am a lesbian too?"

"No but I know that you can be discreet. If she comes around that is a bonus for you but if not please don't press the issue."

"Okay, actually it will allow me more time to study. A break from Monica would be good. When should I move?"

"We will switch you tomorrow. I would like you to come to my house and we will move your items while you are with me."

"What about Monica?"

"She will be spending the day with Stacy so she will meet Annie when she returns Saturday evening," Brooke laid out.

"What time should I come to your home?"

"Please come for lunch and that will give us the whole afternoon together."

"Is there anything else?"

"Yes my dear, one more request. After seeing you again I can not wait until tomorrow to taste you," Brooke replied as she moved to her knees in front of the beautiful teenager.

Brooke ran her hands over Rachel's luscious thighs and under the short uniform skirt. Rachel tipped her head back and closed her eyes in submission. Brooke hooked her fingers in the waistband of the cotton panties and slowly pulled them down Rachel's legs. Brooke didn't remove the panties but left them around the girl's ankles. She gently pried Rachel's legs apart exposing the pretty pussy and then she lowered her mouth to the student's quim. 

"Oh yes," Rachel whispered as the mature tongue lapped at her vulva.

Brooke parted the vaginal lips and eased two fingers into Rachel's pussy. She quickly located the g-spot and rubbed it as she fastened her mouth on the girl's clit. Rachel orgasmed within seconds at the hands of the experienced principal and she moaned loudly signaling her climax. Brooke licked the girl's pussy dry and then returned to her seat. Rachel pulled her panties up back into place and sighed.

"So I will see you for lunch tomorrow," Brooke confirmed.

"Yes I will be there," Rachel replied as she stood to leave the office and then asked, "Are you okay for now."

"Oh yes but thank you for your concern. I can always call on Stacy if needed," Brooke acknowledged.

Rachel left the room and went back to her dorm. Things should get interesting over the next several weeks she thought.

AN ACTIVE SATURDAY FOR RACHEL, MONICA AND FACULTY

Rachel made her way to Brooke's home and she was already wet in anticipation of another magnificent sexual encounter. At the same time Monica was on her way to Stacy's place where things would be very different. Monica had no idea that Stacy had invited Nicole and Millie to join them. Both students looked sexy and beautiful in their school uniforms with the exceptionally short skirts. They both knew that the uniforms would not stay on long once they reached their destinations.

Rachel entered Brooke's home and she was greeted by the principal who was wearing a lightweight smock. Rachel knew instantly that Brooke was naked under it. Brooke smiled and then hugged and kissed the pretty girl. Brooke then took Rachel right to the bedroom and had her stand in front of a full length mirror. Brooke stood behind Rachel and wrapped her arms around Rachel. She kissed Rachel on the neck and ran her tongue around Rachel's ear. Rachel shivered when the tongue dipped in her ear.

Brooke then removed Rachel's uniform jacket and placed it on a chair in the bedroom. Brooke returned to Rachel and removed the blouse next which was also placed on the chair. Rachel trembled with anticipation and her pussy was getting moist. Rachel had expected her skirt to come off next but Brooke surprised her and removed the bra. Brooke unhooked it and slowly peeled down Rachel's arms allowing the cups to slip off and expose the beautiful breasts. Brooke reached around and fondled the lovely breasts and tweaked the rock hard nipples. Rachel was sure that she could cum from the foreplay if Brooke kept it up.

Brooke finally went for Rachel's skirt and instead of just letting it fall the floor, Brooke guided the skirt down Rachel's legs. Brooke gasped when she saw Rachel's magnificent ass clad in the cotton panties. Brooke lifted Rachel's legs one at a time, removed the skirt and placed it on the chair with the other clothes. Brooke eyed Rachel from head to toe and took in the girl's beauty. Rachel looked incredibly sexy standing in front of the mirror wearing only her panties, knee high white socks and saddle shoes.

Brooke knelt down and untied Rachel's shoes and removed them one at a time. Next it was Rachel's panties and Brooke peeled them down ever so slowly. Rachel's pussy was dripping wet and both of them could smell her sex. Once again Rachel's legs were lifted one at a time and the panties were removed from her body. Brooke stared at the teenage beauty for minutes as Rachel looked unbelievably sexy wearing only her white knee high socks. The final act was removing each sock before Brooke knelt in front of the girl and kissed the front of her thighs all around her pubes.

Rachel shivered and trembled as Brooke tortured her with light kisses around and near her vulva. Brooke took a hold of Rachel's curvy buttocks and pulled the girl closer. Then the tongue darted out and found its mark and Rachel groaned softy. Brooke eased the girl's thighs apart and licked between them driving Rachel mad. Brooke finally plunged her tongue into Rachel's pussy and Rachel held Brooke's head in response. Rachel loosened Brooke's hair and let it fall from the bun to cover the woman's shoulder's Rachel ran her hands through the silky platinum blonde hair as Brooke continued to lap away at the teenager's quim.

"Oh Brooke, I'm cumming," Rachel cried out as her hands twisted in Brooke's hair.

Brook continued her assault on the pussy that she could not get enough of and held tightly to Rachel's ass in the process. Rachel's body shook with the tremors of her climax and she held onto Brooke's head to keep her balance. Rachel gushed into Brooke's welcome mouth and the principal drank down every drop of Rachel's love juice. Rachel collapsed and allowed her body to sink to the floor. She spread out and her hands rubbed her tits as she watched Brooke stand up. Brooke unfastened her smock and let it fall to the floor revealing her naked body.

Rachel stared at the beautiful mature woman as Brooke moved over and straddled Rachel's face. Brooke eased her body down into a kneeling position with a knee on either side of Rachel's head. With grace and desire Brooke lowered her pussy onto Rachel's mouth. Rachel reached up and held to Brooke's thighs as her tongue sought out the object of her desire. Rachel licked Brooke's clit and then nibbled it ever so gently. Brooke was charged and it did not take her long to orgasm. Rachel welcomed the sweet liquid into her mouth and she continued to lap at Brooke's pussy until Brooke cried out and collapsed in ecstasy.

Brooke moved down so that she and Rachel could cuddle and kiss. "Oh my darling Rachel, you are so beautiful and such a good lover," Brooke whispered.

The two of them stayed on the floor kissing and hugging for quite some time before Brooke coached Rachel into bed. There they moved into a 69 position and renewed their desire for each other's pussy. They were in no hurry and they tired to make their love making last as long as possible.

ORGY AT STACY'S

At Stacy's place things started out calm but quickly moved to raw sex. The three women, Stacy, Nichole and Millie undressed Monica with the same painstaking slowness that Brooke had done with Rachel. Monica was turned on by the foreplay and she was ready for action. She was so horny in fact that she didn't give the group sex a second thought.

Nichole got on her back on the bed and beckoned Monica to her. Monica knelt on the bed and lowered her mouth to Nichole's tasty pussy. Monica then felt Millie slide under her and fasten her mouth to Monica's pussy. Next Stacy knelt behind Monica and played with her curvy buttocks. Stacy then pushed Monica's butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight brown aperture. Monica gasped as Stacy probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Monica tried to focus on Nichole's pussy but the women had her in an erotic state. Monica managed to locate Nichole's clit and drew it into her mouth. Nichole cried out as Monica took the hard pearl in her teeth and gently rolled it around. 

Nichole bucked her hips as she cried out with the intensity of her initial orgasm. Just as she came Monica held Nichole tightly to her mouth and tried to drink in all the woman's love juices. Monica was struggling with her own climax as Stacy and Millie worked over her pussy and her asshole. Stacy had her tongue in Monica's ass as deep as it would go and Millie chewed lightly on Monica's clit. Monica screamed and her body thrashed about as her climax rocked her beautiful young body. Monica collapsed into Nichole's arms and stayed still as the three women caressed her body.

Once Nichole and Monica recovered sufficiently from their orgasms, Nichole had Stacy and Millie lay next to each other on the bed. Then Monica knelt between Stacy's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty pussy. Nichole did the same with Millie and the two lovers knelt side by side as they ate the women's pussies. The pussy eating skills of Nichole and Monica were just too much for the women and they were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as Nichole and Monica worked over their energetic pussies. The women pushed their hips up trying to get the tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously Stacy and Millie screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Nichole and Monica continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. Nichole and Monica kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs and the women shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them.

Stacy got off the bed and took two strap-on dildos out of her dresser. She told them that she and Millie would fuck Monica with the fake cocks. Stacy and Millie then put on the strap-on dildo and harness. The two women smiled when they looked at each other as the fake cocks bobbed in front of them. They had done this before but it always looked sexy when they were wearing the strap-ons.

Monica lay on her back side and Stacy moved between Monica's legs. Stacy eased the thick fake cock into Monica's receptive pussy and began fucking her. At Millie's urging Stacy rolled Monica over so that Monica was on top. Millie got behind Monica and slipped a well lubed strap-on cock into Monica's ass. Monica began moving her hips up and down to meet their experienced thrusts. Stacy and Millie knew what they were doing and they soon had established a rhythm fucking Monica. Stacy and Millie soon felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. Nicole couldn't stand it any longer so she went to Monica and pulled the teenager's face into her pussy. Monica began lapping away at Nichole's pussy as she was double fucked. It was so exciting for the women to be fucking each other and then Stacy and leaned forward to suck on the Monica's tits. 

The entire room smelled of sex from the three horny women and teenager. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as they fucked hard and fast. Stacy and Millie were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. The two women worked their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Nichole and Monica were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Nichole and Monica screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. Nichole collapsed back on the bed as Stacy and Millie plowed Monica with the fake cocks.

Stacy and Millie removed the rubber dicks from Monica and looked at the dildos glistening with Monica's juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Stacy and Millie moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Monica watched them do this and she marveled at their raunchiness. The two women sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. After they licked the dildos dry of Monica's juices the two lovers sat up and decided what to do next.

"Let me show you what is next," Stacy told them.

At Stacy's directive, Nichole and Monica lay on their sides facing one another and worked a double dildo into their pussies as they had their assholes greased up by Stacy and Millie. This time Stacy would take Monica's ass. The two women got behind Nichole and Monica and tenderly pushed the fake cocks into their assholes. Nichole and Monica reached behind them and guided the dildos into their assholes and encouraged the women to fuck them hard and quick. Millie moved closer to Nichole as the cock slid into her ass and Nichole reached behind her and pulled Millie by her buttocks tightly against her. Millie's pubes pressed into Nichole's ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Millie could once again felt the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into her lover as she fucked her ass. Millie reached around and slid her hand between Monica and Nichole and cupped her tits.

Almost the same scene was repeated between Stacy and Monica and the two women were now fucking their lover's asses with the same enthusiasm as they had fucked earlier. The dildo nubs were doing their job as Stacy and Millie rapidly fucked the two shapely asses of Nichole and Monica. Millie was the first to cum and she shuddered and held Nichole tightly as she screamed out loud in ecstasy. Stacy was right behind her and she buried her head in Monica's shoulder to muffle her own screams as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. Nichole and Monica went right on fucking each other with the double dildo until they too had mind shattering orgasms. The two women held onto the cute shapely bottoms of their lovers as they thrashed their hips together, shuddered, stiffened and coated the double dildo with their female juices.

"Oh my God that was fantastic," cried Monica.

"Oh you are so incredibly sexy," Nichole gasped.

The four of them lay still in the bed for awhile still coupled together with the fake cocks. Nichole told Stacy and Millie to move first and slowly pull out of her and Monica's ass. Stacy and Millie eased the strap-on cocks out of the asses and looked at them in disbelief. It was still hard to imagine those big rubber cocks were stuffed up Nichole's and Monica's asses. Nichole and Monica then moved apart and removed the double dildo from their pussies. Nichole gathered up the fake cocks and took them to be washed thoroughly. They took a well deserved break but the older women were far from done with the pretty teenager. 

SATURDAY WRAP-UP

Brooke and Rachel stroked each other's tits and fingered each other's pussy as they shared their experiences with each other. Soon they were both worked up and Brooke revealed a strap-on dildo and told Rachel that she wanted to fuck her. Brooke put on the black harness and snapped the imposing flesh colored dildo in place. Smiling at Rachel, Brooke got between her legs and positioned the fake cock at the entrance to Rachel's pussy. Rachel groaned when she felt the head nestle at her opening. 

"Relax," Brooke cooed. Rachel nodded her head and took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. 

The platinum blonde haired beauty pressed forward slowly with her hips and Rachel felt the head slip into her, but it quickly became too wide and the forward progress stopped. Rachel felt the muscles at the entrance to her pussy clenching, fighting to keep the intruder out. Brooke kept up the slow steady pressure and Rachel felt her muscles begin to give, slowly, inexorably the head of the massive phallus entered, stretching her open. The head slipped past the wall of constricting muscle and her inner lips closed upon the thick shaft.

Rachel felt full to the point of bursting, but her pussy also tingled and itched, sending demanding signals to her brain that she needed more. Brooke as always proved to be a very thoughtful lover; she held her hips still and let Rachel adjust to the big cock before she slowly pressed forward again. The blunt head of the dildo slid deeper into her, forcing aside the tight tissues of her inner channel. Rachel gasped and Brooke instantly stopped. Rachel felt positively stuffed and opened her eyes to gaze down her body. Rachel was shocked to see how much more of the fake cock was left. Brooke began to slowly rock her hips, not thrusting forward as yet, but moving in an even motion that withdrew a few centimeters of the big cock and then pushed it back in. Rachel's body jerked like a marionette on a string each time the forward progress of the big dick was halted by her inner walls.
