 Paige gathered her long brown hair and pulled it up into a tight bun. Her blue one piece Speedo appeared to be molded to her ultra tight body. I was stealing glances at her body every chance I got. 

As physical therapy techs at the Hospital fitness center, we worked with people of who had suffered varying degrees of disability. The center was well equipped and included a large indoor lap pool. 

Two groups of mostly senior citizens were waiting for their water therapy session. 

"Do you mind if I take the first group?" she asked very sweetly. 

"Knock yourself out." I answered.

The water therapy sessions were the most popular and I had a sneaking suspicion that the older men were totally infatuated with Paige. But then, so was I. 

My fascination with Paige hit high gear when the pool schedule was changed to accommodate an additional session in the evening. We worked in tandem with two separate groups on opposite sides of the pool. By the time the session was over and we changed out of our wet swimsuits, the center had closed for the day.

The first time I saw Paige in her birthday suit, it lit a fire in my loins that puzzled me. I never had bi-feelings before and looking at her, I was.

Sometimes, it took all my strength not to say,

"Paige, you have a great body." 

The more we worked together, the more I admired Paige's outstanding physique. Her tits were shaped like cannon balls with long nipples that stood straight out from her chest. 

Paige was a former swimmer who embraced weight training as a means to stay fit. Her defined muscularity was exquisitely proportioned without appearing bulky. 

However, there was nothing pretentious or self centered in her personality. She was self confident without a hint of vanity. Utterly charming and very feminine, she was barely twenty one years old. 

Since I was married and lusted after Paige more than my husband, it threw me for a loop and I masturbated nightly with her at the center of my fantasies. 

To complicate matters even further, our working relationship evolved into friendship. Occasionally, we went to the local pub after work, shopping or just hung out at her apartment.

When I daydreamed about having sex with Paige, I justified my infidelity by mentally arguing that it was a woman and no intercourse was involved. 

My twenty ninth birthday was less than a week away when my husband and I had a big fight over, you guessed it, lack of sex. Poor guy, it was two months since our last lovemaking session. 

"I feel like a goddamn monk Lori!" he shouted at me.

"I'm just not in the mood." I retorted weakly.

"But, I'm tired of jerking off in the bathroom." He roared back at me.

I was at a loss for a plausible explanation and remained silent. Doug shook his head in disgust and walked out of the room.

We were physical fitness freaks and Doug had an exceptional physique honed by years of commitment to weight training. Why I was totally captivated by someone else, a young woman no less, was a complete mystery to me.

The next day at work I must have seemed more preoccupied than usual. Paige was standing in front of me waving a hand in front of my eyes until I snapped out of my stupor.

"Earth to Lori, come in Lori." She stated in a control tower voice. 

"Oh, sorry." I said timidly.

"Your groups waiting in the pool." She said informatively.

"Shit!" I yelled and dashed down the hallway.

Afterwards as we spruced up the pool area for the next group Paige spoke up.

"Why the blank stares and long faces?" she asked with real concern.

"Doug and I had a fight." I said with trepidation.

"Want to talk about it?" She asked in a calm way.

I did but our busy schedule at work precluded any in depth discussions and we agreed to meet after work.

Mazzio's was quiet for a Thursday night and we found a back booth that offered some privacy. I was drinking Cosmo's and my head had a light buzz. 

"Why did you and Doug fight?" she asked inquisitively.

As I thought about my response, I looked at Paige's face and bright green eyes. 

"God! She's so pretty!" I thought to myself and some twinges tickled my crotch. 

"We haven't been doing it much lately." I said dejectedly.

"You mean sex?" she asked in the hopes of clarification. 

"Yes." I said with a deep sigh.

"Do you think he might be seeing somebody else?" She inquired assuming he was the culprit.

"No, it's me. I just don't feel like doing it." I said in a cheerless voice.

Paige looked a little stunned by my admission. 

"Are you seeing...?" I interrupted her before she finished. 

"No" I said quietly and looked away. 

Paige was regarding me with suspicion and I felt her gaze boring into me. 

"Is it a physical problem?" she asked with emphasis on physical. 

"No" I almost whispered.

Paige looked perplexed but was intent on uncovering the truth.

"You're interested in someone else, aren't you?" She asked triumphantly.

I felt like a rat caught in a trap.

"Yes" I murmured. 

"Hmm, now let me see." She mused. 

Paige went thru a laundry list of possible male candidates that we worked with at the hospital with no success. I was hoping she would give up. 

"Is it a woman?" she asked knowingly but quietly. 

As I nodded my head in the affirmative, Paige's expression remained the same. I was feeling very uncomfortable and got up to leave. 

"Lori, sit down. Don't be embarrassed" She commanded in a nice way.

Like a little child, I resumed to my seat with my head down. 

"You don't have to say, I already know." She said in a matter of fact way.

Now I was the one who looked dumbfounded.

"You do?" I asked like a blithering idiot.

"This isn't rocket science." She stated.

I kept staring at her in an unblinking way but she was taciturn. After I downed another Cosmo, my head was reeling. Paige grabbed my keys and drove me home. 

Doug was no where to be found. A note on the kitchen table informed me he had gone fishing with some buddies for the weekend.

I was heart broken. He just up and decided to go away for the weekend without discussing his plans with me. Then an awful thought took shape in my woozy head, he was with someone else.

For a long time, I sat at the table and cried my eyes out. I repeatedly called his cell phone but got his message center instead. I had visions of his big cock drilling some hot young honey into delirium. 

The next day at work Paige saw my swollen and puffy eyes. 

"Bad night?" she asked with sympathy.

I started to bawl on the spot and Paige embraced me. In a halting and emotionally high pitched voice, I described the note and my fears.

Paige tried to soothe me but our first group arrived in less than fifteen minutes. I slowly regained my self control and struggled with my emotions until the end of the work day. 

I sat in front of my locker with my head down. My anger was rising and replacing my grief. I banged the locker door shut in frustration and went to take a shower.

Paige was in the stall next to me. I gawked at her marvelous breasts and temporarily forgot about Doug. 

I was dressing when I noticed that Paige's locker door was open. Her bra was hanging on the inside door hook. My curiosity and libido were working overtime as I lifted the garment off the hook and looked at the Victoria's Secret label. The tag read 36C. 

"Are you borrowing that?" an amused voice asked behind me. 

I was so startled that I dropped her bra on the floor. 

"Oh, Paige, ah, well..." I was stuttering and stammering. As I tried to retrieve the article, I dropped it again. 

"I better get it this time, you're all thumbs." She stated with merriment in her voice and bent over. 

"I can explain; you see..." I was making no sense.

"You were curious. It's ok." She stated with no hidden meaning in her words. 

I stood like a recalcitrant child waiting for her reprimand as Paige brushed off a little dirt on the cups. She lifted her head and regarded me with curiosity.

"Ever been with a woman?" she asked point blank. 

"Well, I ah..." I dithered on. 

"That's a no." she said positively. 

I sat on the bench in front of my locker with my head down as my embarrassment reached epidemic proportions. I noticed that Paige was walking toward me and looked up. She was only a foot away and her breasts thrust proudly from her chest. My face was level with her chest and I was mesmerized by her hot boobs.

Paige put her arms around my neck and smiled at me. 

"Ever wonder what its like?" She asked in a sexy voice.

I visibly gulped and nodded my head "yes." Paige leaned forward and my face disappeared in the valley between her twin peaks. Gently, she shook from side to side and her meaty melons bounced erotically. 

Paige pulled back a little and shimmied her boobs enough that the nipples grazed my mouth. My body ignited with raw lust and I opened my mouth enough that a rigid bud plopped in. 

I was completely mesmerized by the length and hardness of Paige's nips, they were superb in every way. Gently, I sucked the protruding stubs and elicited moans from Paige. 

"Ooh! You like my titties." She purred.

I tongue whipped the erected ends skillfully. With my mouth occupied, I squeezed her breasts and admired the incredible firmness.

My sex drive was on auto pilot and as I hungrily worked her juicy nipples, my hand cupped her hairy mound. Lazily, I drew a finger along her slit and was surprised by the wetness. 

Paige's knees wobbled unsteadily and I helped her to the bench. I zealously resumed sucking her hot nipples and with her legs askew, vigorously fingered her soggy slit.

I was delirious with desire and Paige panted like a wild animal. 

"OH! You make my pussy sooo wet!" She howled.

"Say you want me!?" She bellowed.

"I want you!" I shrieked like a banshee.

"Eat me baby, Suck my pussy!" she crowed.

Paige leaned back with her hands behind her for support. Her sex glistened with dew and the pungent aroma was intensely erotic and stimulating. 

I lifted Paige's muscular ass and brought her succulent snatch to my starving mouth. I licked up and down and reveled in the tart taste. Tirelessly, I lapped her saucy slit and swallowed her creamy juices. 

My tongue plowed thru the sodden fleshy folds until it perceived a hard nub. With abject determination, I gently raked and sucked the tender surface. 

"Oh baby! That's it, right there! Oh, don't stop! She implored in a gasping voice. 

Paige reared her head back and between hard panting gasps, screamed.

"OH Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm coming!" 

It was the first time I heard her use profanity. 

"Hmm, are you sure this was your first time?" She purred sexily in the aftermath.

In spite of my sexual craving for Paige, I felt bashful in her presence. 

Paige was regarding me with fascination and I think some feeling when she suggested we meet at her apartment and I accepted. I quickly showered again and sped down the Freeway.

Paige had several bottles of champagne on ice and we drank several flutes full in record time. She was sexily attired in a sheer sleeveless T with tiny shorts. She recalled her first bi encounter and I was utterly captivated by the story.

"I had just graduated high school and was invited to spend July with my mother's best friend Louise and her daughter Terry at the Jersey Shore. I always referred to her as Aunt Louise, even though we weren't related."

Paige took a large swallow of bubbly and continued.

"I was putting on my new bikini when I noticed hairs sticking out the sides of the bottom. I was mortified. There was no way I could go to the beach like that. Terry popped her head into my room and told me to hurry up."

I had really blossomed between my 17th and 18th birthday. I had grown in all the right places including the hair on my crotch. When I was shopping for bikinis before the trip, I tried the bottoms on with panties and never noticed my 'hair' problem."

"Terry told me to go into the bathroom and groom. I told her that I never had to and didn't know how. Terry really looked exasperated and told me she would groom the stray hairs so we could get to the beach before sunset."

"I sat on the edge of the bathtub and waited for Terry. I was angry with myself for not knowing what to do. I heard Terry in the hallway tell her mother to go ahead and we would catch up with her."

"Terry had several types of scissors, a razor and a comb when she returned to the bathroom. She told me to sit up on the pedestal sink and I did as she asked. But, when she asked me take my bottoms off I was mortified. I had attended Catholic schools all my life and was pretty much a goody two shoes."

Paige had an amused expression on her pretty face.

"Terry had an exasperated look again and since she was two years older than me, she seemed a lot more mature. I didn't want to piss her off so I took the bottoms down and off."

"Without realizing I had closed my legs and Terry with a big sigh gently pried my legs apart. I was totally embarrassed and from my vantage point, I could see Terry combing my bush. In spite of my complete lack of sexual experience, I found the situation mildly stimulating."

"When Terry held my outer lips to trim the hairs between them and my thigh, her touch made my pussy quiver with excitement. She trimmed all the extraneous hairs down to the crack in my ass and despite my Catholic school education, I was powerless to stop my pussy from creaming." 

"I was praying that Terry wouldn't notice but the unmistakable smell of aroused pussy started to permeate the room. I looked at her and she looked hot and bothered. She left to get shaving cream and a razor. Using a mirror, I saw that my lips were coated with moisture and my slit was yawing open and wet."

"When Terry applied the shaving cream, it took all my self control not to moan out loud. To my inexperienced pussy, it felt incredible. She carefully shaved the sides but her hands were back on my outer lips and holding them out of the way so they wouldn't get nicked by the razor." 

"My pussy was throbbing with excitement and leaking moisture like a sieve. The wetness was trickling down to the crack in my ass. By now, I was sure Terry had to notice my predicament. I wasn't in control of my body any longer and didn't feel embarrassed because I needed relief."

"I wanted Terry to leave so I could finger myself but when she finished, she wiped the entire area with a warm washcloth. The sensation of her wiping my crotch made me groan out loud and my pussy lurched with every swipe of the cloth." 

"I didn't have to look at my crotch to know that is was wide open and drenched with juice. Terry had an odd expression on her face and she kept staring at my pussy. Suddenly, she leaned forward and lightly licked up my slit." 

"At that point, I didn't care that Terry was licking me and thrust my pussy against her mouth. Her tongue seemed to caress every fold and crease of my pussy as it moved faster and faster." 

"My pussy was pulsating with new and wonderful sensations. The sucking sounds that emanated from Terry's mouth as it diligently worked on my slit were sending me into hyper drive. I stared with awe as her tongue lapped furiously up and down."

"I my wildest dreams I never thought getting my pussy eaten would feel so incredible. Terry put my legs over her shoulders and sucked my clit like a mad woman. I distinctly remember the powerful contractions I experienced when I came and howled like a banshee." 

"I was seated on the sink/vanity and collapsed back against the mirror in exhaustion. Terry was still gently sucking my slit and swallowing any leftover fluid." 

"I was in shock and feeling very guilty for a couple of days. It was contrary to all the precepts that I learned in Catholic school. At church that Sunday I prayed hard for God's forgiveness and promised that it would never happen again." 

"Terry, at least outwardly, seemed unfazed by the experience and tried to keep appearances as normal as possible." 

"Less than a week after my introduction to oral sex, I couldn't shake the image of Terry eating my pussy. It made my blood boil and pussy drip thinking about it. The explosiveness of my orgasm had my pussy aching for a repeat performance." 

"I wanted to masturbate but I knew it wouldn't satisfy me. I prayed for relief because I had promised god. But, my resistance was fading fast. More than anything, I wanted Terry's talented mouth on me in the worst way."

"Terry always popped her head in my room each night before she went to bed and something inside me knew that if I asked her to stay what it implied."

"That night as my resolve disappeared, Terry knocked and before she could say goodnight, I asked her in. That was all the invitation that she needed. The girl loved eating my pussy and insatiably ravaged my hole every chance she got." 

Paige looked at me fingering myself and smiled.

"Ready for an encore" she asked and spread her thighs for emphasis.

As I slowly skinned her tiny shorts down her long legs, I briefly thought about Doug. I knew somehow and someway we would resolve our differences but for the present, Paige's steamy snatch was my focus.