 Please consider the Preamble for Day 1 as an integral part of this episode. 

Words: 8,400

.................................. 

Title: Lust on the High Seas: Day 2 - At Sea. 

When we awoke the ship was rocking slightly. "I thought you said these modern ships were rock steady in the water?" I asked of no-one in particular. 

"Don't look at me," my mam replied. "Ask your dad." 

He turned to me and said, "Well you always get a bit of movement over the Bay of Biscay. Give it a couple of hours and we'll be past it." 

"I hope so," I told him. 

"You're not feeling queasy are ye?" 

"No. Just a bit difficult to walk in a straight line," I told him, "and it felt a bit weird in the bathroom and the shower. What are you planning to do today?" I asked. 

"We thought we'd go and watch the Port Review on La Caruna," mam told me, "We'll be there tomorrow. Then there's a Karaoke competition and a quiz and bingo after lunch, followed by afternoon tea. How does all that sound?" She didn't look too happy when I told her how it sounded. "Well what would you like to do?" She asked, with a sigh. 

"Well... I thought I could have a look around to see if I can find some other people more like my own age? There are the pools, there's Quoits and Table Tennis and a Driving tent; there's a Climbing Wall, an..." 

"Driving?" my dad queried. 

"Golf dad. Golf driving." 

"Oh, you mean those little carts?" he said, sniggering. 

Now I 'knew' he was teasing. I ignored him. "There's an Amusement Arcade and even a Casino," I told them. 

"You're not going gambling young lady," he declared sternly. 

"Dad!" I exclaimed. "I'm stuck on this ship because you two wanted to come and you wouldn't leave me behind with my friends. Have you not noticed I'm an adult now?" I looked at him with a challenging stare and he knew exactly what I meant. He knew precisely what he was guilty of, and even though I would never do or say anything to upset my mam, he had to back down for fear that she might find out he'd been fucking me. 

"You could at least give me credit for having a little common sense..." I added more calmly, "and accept that I'm old enough to waste a few coppers on a fruit machine now and then." That always seemed a strange expression to me. I'd always thought that coppers were policemen. I'd picked it up from them and although I knew what it meant, I wasn't quite sure where it came from. 

"Oh Michael," my mam declared. "I'm sure she'll be fine. Do stop worrying now." She turned to me, adding, "How about if we give you a budget honey? Say, $10 a day?" she asked. 

"Oh Mammy. I wouldn't need anything like that much," I told her, with a triumphant smile to him. 

That seemed to clinch it for my dad. "Oh... Alright," he said begrudgingly, but he knew better than to challenge me again. I'm not a spiteful or vengeful person, not in the least, but it did feel strangely empowering to know that the result of his rash lusty indiscretion shortly after my 18th birthday, had given me a bargaining edge over him. 

So, after breakfast, they went off to play some trivia quiz or other crap, leaving me free to go wandering around the ship. My first stop was the Jacuzzi of course, but there was no sign of Georgia or Clarita. I confess I was really disappointed and I waited there for quite a few minutes in case they might show, but with the ship out in the open sea it was far too cold there and I quickly came to the conclusion that they probably wouldn't turn up anyway. 

During my travels I passed the pool area where I thought I spotted the two Asian looking women that I had seen with them yesterday, but I couldn't be sure it was them. They were sitting at a table out of the wind, having drinks. As I looked across, one of them spotted me watching and she smiled. I smiled back, but I didn't acknowledge them further. 

I had a quick look in the amusement arcade, but it seemed to be mostly boxing, fighting, racing or war and shooting games. Very little to interest a sex hungry 18 year old lesbian, but I did get a few lusty looks from a couple of the boys in there, one of them nudging his friend indiscreetly and making 'phwor' noises as I walked through. In all honesty though, if I had taken any interest in them, I would probably have been guilty of some weird sort of paedophilia. 

I began a systematic sweep, wandering through the public areas of the lower decks, as much from idle curiosity than persisting with my search for the Puerto-Rican women. I came to an area where there were a number of shops selling alcohol, tobacco, perfumes, jewellery, and all manner of gifts and memorabilia. 

I was looking at the perfumes when I was approached by an unusually tall, slender, Oriental looking young female official who singled me out by bending forward and saying, "Hello there." 

She wasn't really all that tall, just much taller than me, and her heels made her appear unusually tall for an Oriental woman. Her hair was beautiful, long, straight, black and shiny and as she bent forward I managed a discreet peek down the front of her tunic. She was distractingly shapely, and I had to concentrate hard to return my gaze to her lovely deep, dark eyes. I remember thinking that if she were to stand up straight and I wrapped my arms around her waist, I could probably pinch her nipples between my lips without bending at all. 

"Hello," I replied politely, looking at her curiously. 

"Can I help you?" she asked. 

"I'm not sure. Depends on what you want to help me with," I replied with a giggle and a smirk. I could feel a familiar tingling between my thighs and I hoped and prayed it might be that which she wanted to help me with. She just stared at me, clearly un-amused. "Oh. No thanks," I said, correcting myself while giving her one of my 'little cutie' smiles. "I'm just looking." 

"Would you like to join the Children's club?" she asked me. 

'Oh! Of course!' I thought. 'She thinks I'm a child'. Not surprising really as I was dressed in a cute 'college' style light blouse top and tight jeans, and I had my hair in bunches. I decided to tease her for a while. "What happens at the Children's club?" I asked. 

She smiled. "Well..." she began in a forced 'babyish' sort of voice, "there are drawing competitions and games. We sometimes watch cartoons and..." 

"What sort of games do you play?" I interrupted her. I looked up at her with big doe eyes and an innocent, butter-wouldn't-melt-in-the-mouth expression. 

She began to describe a whole string of children's party style games, until I interrupted her again. 

"Do you play any other games?" I asked, fluttering my eyelids and gazing at her with a hopefully alluring smile. 

"Other games?" she echoed, uncertainly, looking and sounding highly confused. 

"You know," I said, winking. "Grown up games," I added, speaking softly. "Games for two..." I paused, "or maybe more?" I said with a wicked little grin, cocking my head to one side as I fiddled with one of my hair bunches, twirling it around in my finger. "I wouldn't mind playing a game with you," I told her. 

She was completely lost for words. 

"Could we play a special little game of our own?" I asked. I stared up at her wide eyed. "Just you and me?"

"What do you mean?" She stood up straight and moved back uneasily. 

I stepped forward really close and looked straight up into her eyes. "We could play anything you like." I fluttered my eyes again. "Maybe something... a bit... saucy? I could do anything you wanted me to," I said, pushing my chest out, and tipping my head to the other side. I'm quite petite and slightly built, so I rarely wear a bra (no need, you see) and I knew my nipples must be visible through the slightly transparent material. 

"Oh... I, err... I don't think you quite understand," she said. "This is a..." she began but I interrupted her yet again. 

"How old do you have to be to join the Children's club?" I asked, slightly more abruptly. 

She faltered for a moment, then blurted out her stock reply. "The age range is from five to sixteen years," she replied, looking puzzled and sounding significantly more formal now. 

"Oh," I said, giving her a disappointed look. "Sorry," I said. "I'm afraid I can't join then... I know," I said brightly. "I'll go and play on the fruit machines in the Casino." 

"Err... You have to be 18 to use the Casino," she said, almost apologetically. 

"That's right," I told her, showing her my adult cruise card. She looked shocked, but I simply turned on my heels, tossed my head, gave her a quick smile and, "Bye," taking a few steps away, then I stopped and turned back. "If you change your mind..." I left a long pause for effect, "do you know where to find me?" I asked, putting my index finger in my mouth and sucking it, looking coy and innocent. 

She shook her head slowly and just mouthed the word 'No'. 

I shrugged, turned again and trotted off, turning to look briefly over my shoulder one more time, to smile coyly at her stunned expression, just before disappearing from her view. 

I gave up exploring as soon as I came to the Casino. 'So many varied and fascinating ways to waste money', I thought to myself. I looked around the hall for a while, trying to decide what to try first, when a tall gentleman dressed in a smart black suit came over and asked, "Can I help you miss?" I was about to try the same game with him that I had played with the Oriental woman, but looking up at his slightly stiff appearance I thought better of it. 

"I thought I'd like to play on one of the roulette machines," I told him, "but they don't seem to be working," I said, pouting slightly. 

"Ahhh... I see. May I see your cruise card miss?" he asked politely. 

'That was far more subtle', I thought. I showed him the card and he nodded and smiled. "My apologies Miss R****. You do appear very young for your age. I must apologise but I had to check. It's my job you see." 

"That's OK," I told him. "Most people think I'm younger. Do you have a roulette machine?" 

"Only the tables at the moment I'm afraid," he said, "but the minimum bet is $1." 

"Oh. That's far too much for me," I told him with a disappointed air. "I only get a dollar a week pocket money." He stared at me in disbelief. "It's OK," I quickly told him with a laugh. "I'm joking." 

He looked down at me seriously. "Best not to make jokes about that sort of thing in here miss. I should really take you to Guest Services and check your ID." 

"Oh. Sorry. I wasn't thinking," I apologised. 

"That's OK miss, but please don't make a habit of it. People could easily misunderstand." He gave me a friendly smile and turned away. 

After that I sat quietly at a fruit machine for about twenty minutes until I heard a foreign sounding voice behind me. "You do know you have to be 18 to play these machines?" the woman's voice said. 

'Oh really? Not again!' I thought to myself. I let out a heavy sigh and turned, ready to challenge the speaker, only to stop in my tracks just as I was about to launch into a well rehearsed put-down. It was Georgia, and she had Clarita with her. My frown instantly vanished, to be replaced with a broad smile. "Oh! Hello again," I greeted her brightly. "Sorry... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on." I immediately realised what I had said, and clasped my hand to my mouth, gasping in horror. "Oh my goodness! I am 'so dreadfully' sorry," I told her. "I know how awful that must have sounded." 

I must have looked thoroughly shocked because they both just laughed. "That is OK," Georgia told me, in her carefully constructed English, still sniggering. 

"Sorry," I told her, "I just didn't expect to see you in here," I told her. 

"Why not?" she replied with a warm smile for me, and she bent down to give me a platonic hug and a kiss on the cheek, which made me tingle with delight. "After all, I am old enough to play the tables," she added, standing and looking at me quizzically. 

She didn't have to say another word. The entire question was in her eyes. I smartly pulled my card from the machine and showed it to her, almost defiantly. "You're over eighteen," she said brightly, sounding surprised. I just smiled and said, "For almost six months now," returning the card to the machine which was now flashing a 'Please replace card' alert on the screen. 

She turned and smiled to Clarita saying, "Mejor y mejor" (Better and better'). 

"I looked for you at the Jacuzzi," I told her, then immediately regretted having given myself away. 

They both smiled. "Iss cold," Clarita said, hugging herself in a 'freezing' mime. 

"Too windy," Georgia explained. "Maybe tomorrow. We will be in port," she added. "Less wind in the port." 

"Well, I'm done here anyway," I told them. "Where were you going?" I asked. 

"Here," Georgia told me, "but what do you waan to do?" she asked. "I don't know. Anything," I said, shrugging indecisively. 

"Anything?" Clarita purred, her eyes wide and excited. 

"Well maybe not quite anything," I retracted, seeing the lustful look in the buxom woman's face. In truth I would have quite happily let them both fuck me, but I wanted to make them earn it first, and I thought it would be fun to lead them on a little. You know; play hard-to-get, and make them think they were succeeding in seducing me. I wanted them to lure me and capture me, in the most beautiful way of course, but I wanted them to have to work for it. After all, it's no fun if it's handed to you on a plate is it. - Is it?

"Maybe we could go for a drink somewhere?" I asked. 

"How about the Golden Lion pub over there?" Georgia suggested, pointing across the other side of the thoroughfare beside the Casino. "There is Karaoke there now." 

"Oh no. Not there," I told them. "My folks will probably be in there. I don't want to meet them." 

"You are ashamed of being with us?" Georgia asked. 

"No. Of course not," I laughed off their objection. "Not ashamed..." I explained, "but my folks would never approve of me being with you. Surely you saw the looks they gave you yesterday when we walked past you with your friends in the Jacuzzi? You had an arm around one of the Asian girls Clarita. I know my folks wouldn't like that. They would worry that you might want to get up to something naughty with me," I told them. I gave them a saucy smirk while trying to hide my enthusiasm. 

"Oh, but that is silly," Georgia replied, smiling kindly, with a cursory glance toward Clarita. 

"I know," I shrugged, "but you know what parents are like," I laughed. "Over protective," I said. 

" Champagne Bar?" Clarita blurted out, by way of an alternative. "We go to Champagne Bar," she smiled. 

"OK," I said, "but I need to look around first in case they're in there. Let's check if they're in the pub first, and if they are, we're safe to go to another bar." 

"Good idea," Georgia agreed. Sure enough we spotted them watching the karaoke, so we went and found ourselves a small table at the back of the Champagne Bar, one deck up and a long walk away, where Georgia ordered some drinks. 

When the waiter brought the order he asked to see my card. Georgia was about to defend me but I stopped her and showed my card freely. "It's OK," I told her with a smile. "I'm quite used to this. It happens all the time at home." The waiter went away happy. "After a few days they will get to know me and it will be easier. You can't blame them for checking can you," I told them. 

"I suppose no," she reluctantly agreed in her endearing Spanish accent. 

We sat and talked for about an hour, and all the time I could feel Clarita's hungry eyes on me. My top was quite loose and I made a point of pulling my shoulders back and discreetly jiggling my breasts occasionally so that she could see my nipples moving against the material of the top. She was sitting opposite me and each time I uncrossed and re-crossed my legs, I could see her straining to see my camel-toe pressing into the crotch of my jeans. I could sense she was gradually getting more and more frustrated. 

Georgia sat beside me and occasionally her leg would 'accidentally' brush against mine, until after a while we were sitting pressed up close against one another, side by side, and that only served to make Clarita even more frustrated and quite jealous. 

"Why don you come back to our suite?" Georgia asked at last. Clarita's eyes opened expectantly. I could see in her face that she was dying to fuck me. She was simply gagging for it. 

"What for?" I asked, sounding as innocent as I could. 

"Oh no reason," she faltered. For a woman who I had assumed to be a seasoned seducer, she seemed to be losing her way for a moment. "You say you don waan your people to see you. No one to see you there," she suggested. 

'That's better' I thought, but I wasn't giving in just yet. "I'm not sure," I hesitated. "I shouldn't really." I let them think I was beginning to fold.

"Come baby," Clarita urged me. "We have good drink." Georgia glared at her. She knew that too much pressure could so easily scare off their prey. They had no idea, of course, that to have them get me alone was exactly what I wanted. Even so, I was being wicked. I wanted to keep up the pretence a little longer. 

"I'm comfortable here," I told her, "besides, I'll have to be going soon. I'm supposed to be meeting them for lunch." Georgia glared at Clarita again. "Have I said something wrong?" I asked innocently. "You don't look happy." 

"Iss OK little one," Georgia told me. "We have to go for lunch too. Why don you come with us? We can order anythings that you waan." 

"Oh, thank you, but I really should go and find my folks. I promised them I would meet them and I don't want them to come looking for me, do I," I winked at Georgia, laughing lightly. 

"No," she agreed, with a disappointed sigh. "OK. We go then." 

"Will you be around this afternoon?" I asked. I thought I'd probably teased them enough by now, and if I met them again after lunch I could let them have some fun with me at last. 

"I don know," she said, mysteriously. She looked very disappointed. "Maybe," she added. 

"Where would I find you?" I asked. 

"Oh... maybe here. Maybe there. Who can know?" 

Now the boot was firmly on the other foot. I had upset her and now she was being evasive. I guessed she wanted to get her own back on me for eluding her; I couldn't be sure, but I thanked her for the drinks and left. I felt bad that I had led them along and let them down, but I really had promised to meet my folks, and the last thing I wanted was for them to start looking around the ship and find me with those women. 'Surely Georgia must realise that?' I thought. I hoped so. 

I had lunch with Mam and Dad, then I looked around for the Puerto-Rican women for most of the afternoon but I couldn't find them. Perhaps they had found another little girl to play with, or maybe they were entertaining their lovely Asian friends, or I wondered if perhaps they were just staying out of sight to teach me a lesson; to make me suffer. I know that would be just what I deserved, but I concluded that even that was a stupid idea. They didn't even know for sure that I wanted them; well maybe they had a pretty shrewd idea, but it's far more likely they thought they had simply failed to ensnare me. 

I sat for a while at the back of the Champagne Bar again, hopeful that they might return, just drinking diet tonic and imagining what they might be doing if they were with their 'helpers'. I was staring into an open book, scanning the pages but not really reading it. I was mentally picturing Georgia and Clarita in the privacy of their cabin with those two Asian beauties. 

I thought back to when I had asked Georgia about what the girls helped them with, and she had been very cagey about answering. Both Georgia and Clarita were clearly predatory lesbians, there was very little doubt of that. If I was right, and the Asian pair 'were' there solely for the older women's pleasure, they would probably have had to agree to submit to almost any whim demanded of them. 
