 Chapter 3: Lisa sketches Elle in her home.

Lisa told me the rest one night, she knew I really wouldn't feel that jealous about her relationship with Elle as long as she kept me in her life, and we were already involved in a partnership with the voyeur video project , we had 12 hours of tape already!

A few days later, Elle phoned Lisa. 

"Oh, yes, Stacy mentioned your might call me, when do you want to come over to model?"

"You, you mean you don't want to meet me first, to see what I look like?"

"I trust Stacy. And, I can only pay you $8. per hour so its really your decision whether or not you want to do this," Lisa said in a very business like manner. She was deceptively being cool, but really wanted to meet the young woman after Stacy told her how great she was in bed.

"Have you done any modeling before Elle?"

"No, but I am a quick learner and being an art student, I know how important it is to keep the pose,"

"Well, yes but this is a bit different type of posing. I need you to leave any inhibitions at the door if you want to do this work, you will most likely enjoy it and I will do my best to make that happen,"

"I've no inhibitions about showing my body, I think you'll find that out. I can get to your place anytime today," Elle said to Lisa. 

"Why don't you come by around 4 then and we can have dinner afterwards too!"

"Sure, I'm looking forward to it!"

***

Around 7pm that evening Elle showed up at Lisa's home, a ranch home with a large front yard and a swimming pool in the back. Elle knew she was going to be undressing so she wore a long coat, but only wore her sweat pants and a tee shirt, but brought some other things to wear in a bag just in case. She didn't know what to expect on her first modeling assignment. She was anxious and very aroused by the ability to make money just showing her body to another woman who would want to sketch her.

Lisa was a extremely voluptuous woman of 40 who had modeled and made more than a few, adult videos with some of the biggest names in the business. Almost 10 years ago she had invested in a life changing breast augmentation surgery which left her with a huge set of 53EE tits. They were huge melons with lovely wide brown nipples that got so hard when she came. She worked out regularly and knew how important it was to keep her body well proportioned. She realized that a firm lower body always made a huge set of tits more of an attraction. She had recently retired from the porn business, relocated and had changed her name and gone on to working as a legitimate fitness trainer. She loved painting and drawing and had only a few people she could call who would model for her. One of them was Stacy who absolutely adored being naked in front of Lisa as she sketched away. Lisa always seemed to find a new position to place her in so she could try to capture another facet of the teacher's fine body.

"Welcome to my home, Elle," said Lisa, as she took the young woman's coat from her. Lisa had purposely worn a flowing white lacy top that had a very low cut to it which gave a great view of her massive cleavage. She still wore her custom bra and an ultra short mini

skirt, but Lisa almost never wore panties around her own home, even with new company around. Her luxurious blond hair flowed down her tanned, light brown shoulders easily. 

"Follow me, Elle we can get to work right away," Lisa said as she lead her new model through her modest yet warm house.

"You didn't tell me that you and Stacy were neighbors, she lives right across the way," Elle said, remembering her visit to her art teacher's studio a few days ago.

"Yes, we've actually become very close friends and help each other out whenever we can," Lisa said.

Elle couldn't help but notice the excellent shape Lisa was in, her nifty mini dress showed off her shapely leg muscles and a very firm butt.

The den was huge and filled with exercise equipment and free weights. A room off to the den was utilized for her painting and figure drawing. Lisa asked if Elle needed anything to drink or eat but she declined. Lisa handed her a bottle of water anyway. She lead her back to the room she used for drawing and asked Elle to sit for a moment while they chatted about what Lisa was looking for in a model.

"Lisa this is my first experience doing this, so please be patient with me okay?" Elle exclaimed, sighing a few times in nervous anticipation. 

"Please relax, relax this should be totally a fun thing today! I usually just do a few hours at most, the first time," said Lisa as she took in Elle's beauty.

Please sit down and lets talk for a few minutes before we start, okay?" Lisa said motioning to a comfortable chair for Elle. The young woman sat down and looked nervous.

"My, Stacy was right you are a stunner, and how old are you, Elle?"

"Oh thank you, Lisa, I'm twenty four," answered Elle, as she noticed how well endowed Lisa's tits were. In fact she could not keep her eyes off of them, they seemed so large and right in her eyesight.

"I like to do different poses than most artists do with figure drawing. I may put you into a pose and let you migrate to a more comfortable position yourself. And sometimes it will feel strange, but if you can get past your own judgement of what I am trying to do, it will help me, okay?" Lisa explained.

"Sure," Elle answered calmly.

"There's a bathroom right inside that door over there," Lisa pointed to a door in the corner of the room. If you want to change in there you can."

Elle stood up and removed her tee shirt, bra and then removed her cotton pants, revealing her thong panties. Her well tanned firm legs were a major turn on for Lisa.

"You can keep them on if you want to for the first few poses, Elle," Lisa said as she directed her model to lay down on the couch and just look away, not at Lisa. 

Lisa sat on a comfortable chair and sketched away. She left Elle in the position for a few minutes, to settle her nerves down a bit. 

"Elle, are you feeling more relaxed now?" Lisa asked while she finished sketching her basic shape.

"Yes, sure, this is cool I like this!" Elle exclaimed.

"Most people do, and you have such a wondrous body, I'm very grateful to be able to sketch you!" Lisa said, as they both became more comfortable with each other.

"When you feel ready, I want you to remove your thong, all right?"

Elle complied and removed it an tossed it on the heap of her clothes in the corner.

"Okay then, I want you to turn you back to me, keep one foot on the floor, and the other can kneel into the couch, while you lean over it. Just let you hair go wherever it wants and look towards the bathroom door, not at me, can you do that?"

"Sure," Elle moved her body up and knelt on the couch sticking her round ass almost in Lisa's face. Lisa could smell the young woman's pussy from where she sat and she loved it.

For many years Lisa had denied her lesbian nature, but now embraced it with abundance. During her early adolescence she had engaged in sex with many different women but later on, it became part of an act for the camera. She hated the way porn seemed to ignore the best parts of lesbian sex. Most of the roles she's played, rarely got into heavy fucking with another woman, and only concentrated on the toys and oral sex. Lisa knew there were many parts of lesbian love that were just as stimulating as straight sex with men, and yearned to show inexperienced young women how to enjoy another woman's body. 

Elle shaved her pubic hairs regularly and loved the way her pussy would look to her eye. She felt her labia was swollen now, and she was quite aroused by Lisa's lovely body and the fact that she was showing her most private parts to her too.

Lisa did a quick sketch of her bottom and those luscious legs that seemed to stretch on for yards. Elle's ass and hips were firm, her thighs and legs well tanned and very alluring to the new artist. Lisa used her free hand and fondled her own pussy, with her mini skirt hiked up a bit. Her pussy was quite moist from all the stimuli. 

Lisa took a risk and asked Elle to spread her legs and show her pussy. Elle complied easily and faced the artist and spread her labia apart so that Lisa could see into her vaginal cavity.

The pinkness of her womb was not given its due as she was only sketching in charcoal but Lisa could feel the warmth and intensity of Elle's cunt nonetheless. She tried valiantly to capture the folds and curves of her entire luscious body.

"Okay, now Elle, I want you to take your dominant hand and touch your pussy, you can do anything you want, but I want you to keep that pose you're in, okay,"

"Sure, you want me to play with my pussy?" 

"That's right, I told you I do different types of poses and this is one of my favorites."

"I don't mind, I love to play with myself and do it regularly,"

Elle took her right hand and gladly played with her clit, as she bent over and flaunted her nice round ass in Lisa's face. The sexy student gyrated her ass up and down right in Lisa's direction, hoping that she would get aroused also. It felt so good to be touching herself, knowing that Lisa was watching and sketching only a few feet away. She couldn't help but imagine Lisa's hot body rubbing all over hers, those massive tits crushed against hers as they embraced. All these sexual thoughts made her face flush with excitement while she massaged her clit in a circular motion.

"Ughnnff," Elle moaned as she felt her sex respond to her ministrations.

"Its best if you keep you face looking away from me and towards the bathroom too, Okay?" 

Lisa requested in a business- like voice The artist kept drawing away with her right hand and massaged her own stiff nipple with the other. She was very aroused by the sight of Elle's pussy as she watched it moisten with each rub of her fingers.

Lisa kept her bra on and just fondled her thick nipples inside her custom brassiere. She didn't want to distract her model too much at first. Her dark brown areola were a good inch and a half in diameter with nice puffy thick nipples. She'd sketch a few lines and then dove her own fingers into her snatch and massged her clit furiously as Elle did the same.

"I get so aroused doing this, I hope you don't mind," Lisa said almost apologizing for her behavior, as she resumed sketching. 

"I am very aroused too, Lisa, you have such a hot body too," Elle said in a raspy voice, her cunt was almost dripping with her love juices.

Lisa got up and removed her top. Her huge mammaries were finally visible to Elle. Lisa kept her upper body strong and thus her tits stood out a good 5 inches past her torso. She always needed custom bra's to hold those massive mounds in place so she could have a quasi normal life. 

Elle, quickly turned back to the artist and caught her naked for the first time. Lisa was fingering her engorged clitoris. It seemed so long and extended thought Elle, almost like a small cock sticking out of her labia. Elle wanted to savor this feeling of excitement and turned back and kept on masturbating for the sexy artist.

Elle was so aroused she instinctively wanted to embrace hot Lisa's body, but Lisa wanted to keep up the posing for a bit longer before she gave into her own lustful desires.

The well endowed artist went across the room to a small set of drawers in the corner and pulled out her strap on cock. She handed it to Elle.

"I want you to lie down on the couch and look off in the other direction as you use the dildo to fuck your pussy okay?"

"Do don't want me to look in your direction at all, while I stick this big thing up my cooze?"

"That's right, I want you to fuck your own cunt babe, and take your time, do it slowly. I really need for you to look away from me while you fuck that wet pussymound for me... while I capture this magnificent sight on paper," Lisa demanded. The hot artist was so lucky she found a perfect 10 of a model who enjoyed playing with herself.

"Unnnnnghhhh, ah.ah.. want you to fuck me Lisa! Fuck my cunt with this big dick," Elle moaned in a raspy whisper as she moved the hard rubber dildo in and out of her damp cunt to a slow and deliberate cadence. She couldn't wait much longer for Lisa to get physical, but she also enjoyed masturbating in front of her.

"Do you want me to talk dirty to you too Elle, will that help you get off?

"Yes Lisa, it will, talk really filthy to me too!" Elle said as she rubbed her horny clit with the dildo.

"Your pussy looks very wet and tempting to me, and I love the curves of your thighs and how your labia seems to glisten in the light with love juices oozing out of your fragrant pussymound."

The small room took on that unmistakable scent of sex. Lisa played with herself and could feel her wetness oozing out of her vagina. Her juices were dripping down her muscular thighs inside the skimpy mini skirt.

"Want you to suck my pussy already Lisa, you turned me on, now I need you to suck my pussy and make me cum!" Elle said loudly, in a state of frenzied lust.

Lisa didn't thing she could control her own lusts much longer and put her pad down, got down on her knees and complied with Elle's latest demand. She parted Elle's soft skinned thighs and dove her face into her latest feminine conquest. Lisa placed her fingers inside her warm pussy and finger fucked her fragrant flowering love canal while her tongue wove circles around her stimulated her clit.

"Oh Lisa, I thought you'd never get your mouth on me, ungghhh, suck me Lisa, Suck Me!"

Lisa's experienced tongue lashed into her model's warm pussy. She slurped up Elle's love juices with abandon and reached up her gorgeous body and fondled the young woman's firm breasts. Elle laid back and enjoyed the sexual pampering but wanted to feel those huge tits in her hands soon. Lisa took her strap on from Elle's hand and parted Elle's wet labia and fucked her slowly. The artist had been with many women but this luscious young student had a special place in her mind. Lisa placed her hands under Elle's ass with one hand and firmly and methodically rammed the phallus in and out of the young woman's wet cunt while her wanting mouth sucked on Elle's hard nipple. A soft moan came from Elle's throat and she closed her eyes in abject lust as her hips thrust off the couch and welcomed each plunge of the thick rubber phallus.

"Mmnnnngghh, Oh Lisa you're gonna make me come soon...ohh..ahhhmmnnghh" Elle cooed to her.

Lisa's hefty tits hung right in front of Elle and the horny student reached out and kissed and caressed her large brown nipples. The young over sexed woman gently took one of her breasts and blew a thin stream of air around her areola and then bit into her thick nub, making Lisa moan aloud.

"Oh babe, yes...suck on my nipples hard please!" 

"I love it when women play with my titties, push them together, lick them ,suck them, make my nipples harder so I can rub them on you wet clit!"

"Oh, unngghh, your filthy mouth is going to make me cum, Lisa. I'm sooo close!" 

Elle rubbed her cunt juices all over Lisa's tits and rubbed them together. The young woman pinched and fondled those lovely dark nipples into a supreme state of erection and then placed one of them in her mouth and sucked hard on Lisa's left tit while Lisa fingered Elle's pussy.

The two women finally embraced and Lisa stuck her tongue into Elle's mouth and they held a kiss for over thirty seconds as their bodies rubbed up against each other in hot lesbian lust.

Lisa threw her arms around Elle and held her close to her body, as they stood together, Elle put her svelte thigh in between Lisa's legs and felt the warmth and wetness of Lisa's sex. 

Elle had never felt like this before and enjoyed Lisa's body so much! She wanted Lisa to pose for her some day and let her manipulate her giant boobed body into varied positions as the experienced woman had done.

Lisa lead Elle back to the couch and told her to lay down as she got down and this time rubbed her hard nipples all over Elle's firm legs and thighs. She slowly moved up to Elle's extended wet labia and shoved her nipple onto the young woman's clitoris. Lisa rubbed it harder while she massaged Elle's breast. The young artist laid back and took it all in. She was so close to her own climax and loving the sexual excitement of being with this hot older woman. No other woman had ever pushed all her buttons like Lisa did that day.

"I love to rub my hard nipples on other women's clits and feel their wetness close to my heart," Lisa said as she rubbed her erect nipple on Elle's wet labia and clit.

Lisa stood again and quickly put on her strap on cock and lubed it up with some of her own juices which were in abundance and inserted the cock into Elle's cunt slowly at first as she massaged and caressed the young woman's entire body. Lisa was on her knees with Elle's legs parted wide open as she received Lisa's large phallus on the large leather couch.

"Oh, Oh,,, fuck me hard babe, Ohh, Im sooooooo clooooose...ahhhmmmmcommminggghhh!"

Lisa kept plunging her phallus in and out and enjoyed the tense facial expressions of this beautiful woman as she rode her orgasmic waves of pleasure. The former porn star felt her own lustful intensities rising as Elle's tweaked and bit into Lisa's big tits. The two kissed again as Lisa withdrew and laid next to Elle. 

A few minutes later after they caressed each other, Elle went down on Lisa while she wore the strap on. Elle had never seen a clitoris as big as hers and took it in her entire mouth and sucked on it hard, then let it go, which made a popping sound.

"Ohhh, Elle you're gonna make me come too, keep going, don't stop! Suck my clit babe, suck it HARD!"

Elle had other intentions, she teased Lisa just enough to get her ready and inserted the phallus into her cooze and fucked her hard from the start. Lisa's pussy was tighter than she thought it would be, but Elle pivoted her sensuous hips into the luscious ex porn star and the hard rubber cock had the anatomical equivalent of two testicles which rubbed against 

Lisa's engorged clit. Elle looked down at Lisa, her eyes were closed but her face was wrapped in an intense expression of total ecstasy.

"Oh babe, fuck me harder! HARDER... YEAH ... ComminnghhhhhhhhhahhHHHHHH!" Lisa's hot body shook the entire couch while Elle kept plunging her hips into Lisa's cunt with the strap on. Elle didn't know what had gotten into her but she was in heaven, she slapped Lisa's ass hard and made her whoop for more. Elle felt her second orgasm well up in her abdomen, she pulled the dildo out of Lisa and removed its straps quickly. Lisa pussy was dripping wet with her own fluids and Elle wanted her's to mingle, she fingered herself furiously and squatted in between Lisa's legs just as a short spurt of her love juices oozed out and flowed right on Lisa's pussy.

"OHhh that was so fuckin' great Lisa, I just had my best orgasm EVER!" Elle said as she collapsed onto the couch with her new lover.

"Will you let me sketch you sometime, Lisa?"

"Anytime, sweetie, I think I'm falling for you," Lisa said as she kissed her.