 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. 

Chapter two had Rachel and Monica getting closer and Brooke's marathon sex encounter with Monica. Brooke also began her seduction of Rachel. Stacy and the cute teacher Millie got together and we met Brooke's lover Nichole. In chapter three Brooke shows Rachel the true meaning of lesbian love. Monica and Stacy spent an erotic day together and Rachel's mother had an unexpected lesbian experience that opened her eyes to a brand new world. The last chapter covered the first parent's weekend at the Brooke Cummings Academy with more encounters and discoveries.

In chapter five Rachel and Brook got even closer while Monica had group sex with the faculty. Valerie took a big chance seducing one of her neighbors and Rachel and Monica met their new roommates. In chapter six Brittany struggles with her new found feelings for Rachel and Monica breaks in Annie. Valerie is approached about joining the Mother and Daughter Lesbian Swap Association. Please remember that all characters in the story are at least 18 years of age.

BRITTANY LEARNS FROM RACHEL

It had been week since they became roommates and Rachel had never approached Brittany about sex. It was a refreshing change for Brittany as her prior roommate Annie was always trying to seduce her. Still Brittany had strange feelings for Rachel as she thought Rachel was the most beautiful girl that she had ever seen. Brittany could not take her eyes off of Rachel when she was naked in the dorm room. Then one night Brittany got a lesson from Rachel.

Brittany was masturbating in her bed and Rachel discovered it. Brittany started thinking about her boyfriend at home as she rubbed her clit but the image of Rachel kept appearing. Brittany would force her mind to think about her boyfriend Chet but her mind would wander and the naked image of Rachel would appear. Brittany had her eyes closed and she never heard Rachel approach her bed.

"A little horny tonight, aren't we?" Rachel whispered as she sat on the side of Brittany's bed.

Brittany opened her eyes and saw the naked Rachel perched on her bed. "Oh Rachel, I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. If you're horny you should masturbate. Were you thinking about your boyfriend?"

"Yes," Brittany answered not wanting to say that she was thinking about Rachel too.

"So have you and your boyfriend done the dirty deed?" 

"Yes, a few times and I miss him now."

"That's only natural. I missed my boyfriend when I first got here but now I like girls better," Rachel admitted.

"I've never done anything with a girl," Brittany said almost as a precaution.

"Yeah, I know and you don't have to either. Tell me how you masturbate. Are you getting off okay?"

"I just rub my clit until I cum," Brittany replied.

"Have you ever rubbed your g-spot? It will intensify your orgasm if you rub your g-spot and your clit at the same time," Rachel told her.

"I don't think that I know where it is." Brittany admitted shyly.

"Didn't your boyfriend ever do that for you?"

"No, we just fucked all the time."

"Didn't you have foreplay with him," Rachel pressed.

"I sucked his cock first if that's what you mean," Brittany answered.

"No silly, didn't he play with your titties? Didn't he suck your nipples, eat your pussy?"

"No, Chet doesn't do those things," Brittany said blushing from the explicit language.

"Well you don't know what you are missing out on then," Rachel told her and then asked, "Do you want me to show you?"

"I don't know. I mean I guess so. If you want to," Brittany stuttered.

Rachel thought that Brittany was cute but she wasn't the type a girl went gaga over. She had short brown hair, brown eyes and a cute face. Brittany had a 34-23-34 figure and she was 5'5" and weighed just over a 100 pounds. Rachel's intentions were to teach Brittany about her own body and she did not expect Brittany to reciprocate. Besides, there was no better lover than Brooke, who no one measured up to.

"Let's have a look at you," Rachel said as she pulled the bed sheets away from Brittany's body. 

Brittany was still wearing her nightgown but it had been pushed up over her pussy. Rachel lifted the night gown up but Brittany panicked and grabbed it. "Let go you silly goose. I'm not going to hurt you," Rachel remarked with a laugh.

Brittany reluctantly released her grip on her nightgown and allowed Rachel to lift it off. Brittany's hands immediately went to her breasts and covered them causing Rachel to laugh again. Rachel gently peeled the girl's hands away and exposed the cute titties. "You have nice titties, don't be so shy," Rachel encouraged.

Rachel then fondled the tits causing the nipples to stiffen. Then she rolled the hard little nubs in her fingertips and Brittany moaned softly with pleasure. No one had ever played with her breasts like Rachel was doing. "This is what your boyfriend should do and you should make him do it next time," Rachel told her.

Brittany's entire body flinched and she groaned loudly when Rachel covered a breast with her mouth. No one had ever sucked on Brittany's tits and it felt marvelous. Rachel was so gentle and so caring that Brittany never wanted her to stop. When Rachel nibbled on Brittany's erect nipple, Brittany groaned loudly again and she held Rachel's head in her hands. The feeling was incredible and Brittany felt electric like shocks running through her body. Rachel sucked on both breasts and nibbled on both nubs driving Brittany wild. Brittany's pussy was soaking wet and she felt compelled to touch herself but Rachel beat her to it.

As Rachel continued to suck on Brittany's tits and nipples, she began to stroke Brittany's thighs. Her hand then moved up to Brittany's vulva and Rachel teased the girl's outer lips. Brittany was going out of her mind and she needed something in her pussy before she went crazy with desire. Rachel eased two fingers into Brittany's pussy and quickly located the girl's g-spot. Rachel rubbed the g-spot and Brittany had a mild but quick orgasm. As Rachel continued to rub the g-spot, Brittany felt another orgasm building within her and she knew it was going to be big. Brittany was breathing heavy with her head back and her eyes closed. 

There was so much going on with her pussy that she didn't even notice that Rachel had stopped sucking on her tits. Rachel lowered her mouth to Brittany's pussy and quickly located the sensitive clit. Rachel ran her tongue of the stiff little nub poking out of its hood and Brittany cried out. Then without warning Brittany's body erupted as a massive orgasm ripped through her. Brittany screamed Rachel's name and grabbed Rachel's head holding it tight to her quim. Brittany had never felt anything so wonderful and she thought that she might pass out. Rachel sucked down every drop of Brittany's love juice and kept right on licking the girl's tasty pussy. 

It was over in minutes but for Brittany it seemed like an eternity. Rachel smiled at her roommate and spoke, "Now that is what your boyfriend should do for you. You have a treasure between your legs so use it to your advantage. Make him pleasure you before you give in to him."

Rachel moved back to her own bed leaving Brittany to comprehend what had just happened. Brittany lay in bed and she did not bother to pull the bedcovers over her naked body. She ran her hands over her sensitive breasts and dipped her fingers in her soaking wet pussy. Brittany felt as if she should do something for Rachel but she was scared to take that step. Not another word was spoken and the two girls eventually fell asleep.

MONICA TAKES CHARGE OF ANNIE

Annie was not the ideal girl for Monica but Monica made good use of her roommate's lesbian tendencies. Annie was 5'6" and weighed around 115 pounds. She had small tits but a big round ass. Her thighs were heavier than Monica normally liked in a girl but they were not a distraction especially when Monica was fucking Annie in the ass. Monica didn't eat Annie's pussy but she did fuck the hell out it with her strap-on cock. Annie loved getting fucked by Monica and she would do anything Monica asked.

Monica would take a break from homework once in a while and call out to Annie," Hey put down your books for a few minutes and come over hear and eat me."

Annie would bookmark her place and then hustle over to Monica. She would eat Monica's pussy until Monica orgasmed. If Monica was up for it she would fuck Annie but if she wasn't in the mood she would simply toss the dildo to Annie who would then pleasure herself.

One evening they were chatting after sex when Annie brought up sex with a family member. "Monica, have you ever had sex with another female in your family?"

"Sure all the time, with my mother, aunt and grandmother," Monica replied honestly.

"No way, you're just joking right? Oh my God and I thought I was bad having sex with my mom," Annie burst out.

"Yeah, we have been doing it since I turned 18 but the three of them have been lovers for years. We have Thanksgiving break coming up and I am looking forward to seeing them again," Monica shared.

"My mom is curious if there are any young girls that would be willing to join us," Annie announced sheepishly.

"I bet there are. Tell your mom that she should look into joining the Mothers and Daughters Lesbian Swap Association. Mothers and daughters get together and swap partners," Monica suggested.

"There is an association like that. Oh wow, how do you find out about them?" Annie questioned.

"Tell your mom to call my mom and she can fill her in on all the details," Monica told her.

"You and your mom are members, oh, I can't wait to call my mom and tell her," Annie replied.

"My mom will help your mom out. She's trying to get Rachel's mom to join too," Monica added.

"Rachel and her mom, oh this is too much," Annie sighed in disbelief.

"I don't think that Rachel will go for it though," Monica offered and then said, "Hey this talk is making me horny. I need you to eat me again. Do a good job and I'll fuck that big ass of yours."

Annie did as she was told and true to her word, Monica fucked Annie's big round ass. Annie then finished things off when she masturbated with the dildo. Later when Annie recovered she called her mother and told her about the association. Annie's mother Karen was thrilled to get the information and as soon as she hung up with her daughter, Karen called Monica's mother Andrea

VALERIE'S ONLY THOUGHTS ARE ABOUT WOMEN

Valerie could not get sex off her mind and she was relentless in her pursuit of lesbian affairs. She visited Jody several times and took chances with Gail in the neighborhood. The two women were spending a lot of time together and they were unconcerned about other neighbor's opinions. Although no one really knew that they were having sex, it seemed odd that they were suddenly spending so much time together. Valerie was sitting in her family room when the phone rang and it was Andrea.

"Hey there lover, getting any these days it's Andrea." 

"Andrea hi, what's going on?"

"I was calling to see if you gave any more thought to joining our association?"

"Rachel would never go for it. I'm not sure that she will even have sex with me again. She'll be home soon for Thanksgiving break and I will know more then."

"Well that's the reason for my call. If Rachel passes on joining the association with you, I have a reference for you. This woman wants to join with her two daughters and I told her about you. She would like to meet you."

"You mean I could still join without Rachel."

"Yes, if you bring one of Connie's daughters with you. Connie is all for it if things work out beforehand. I gave her your number and she will be calling you to get together."

"I'll look forward to her call. Thanks Andrea."

"No problem and don't put pressure on yourself about Rachel. When she gets home just let things happen and they will if it is meant to be. Got to run we'll chat again soon."

"Good bye Andrea." 

Valerie hung up the phone and thought about what Andrea had said. She wondered what Connie and her daughters looked like and she hoped that they would be pleasing to the eye. As she thought of the possibilities of joining the association with Connie and her daughters, Valerie got horny and she decided to call Gail. Minutes later after the phone call Gail was in Valerie's home and minutes after her arrival they were both naked in the bedroom.

Valerie took a double dildo out of the dresser drawer and placed one end of it in her pussy. Then she crawled between Gail's legs and placed the other end in Gail's pussy. The two of them then fucked each other until they both had multiple orgasms. Valerie thrust her hips into Gail and Gail raised her hips to meet Valerie's. They raced toward their orgasms as if it were a contest to see who could cum the most. Gail came first and screamed into Valerie's shoulder. Valerie was right behind her and her body spasmed as she drenched the dildo with her nectar. The two of them remained coupled together by the fake cock for several minutes as they let their bodies recover. They stroked each other as if they were comforting one another and then Valerie moved. The dildo remained in her pussy as it slipped from Gail's. Then Valerie pulled the rubber cock from her pussy and licked the end that had been in Gail's pussy. Then Valerie handed the dildo to Gail who sucked the end clean that had been in Valerie's pussy.

They made love for hours that afternoon. Gail eventually showered, dressed and left for home. Just as she was leaving Valerie's husband pulled into the driveway. He waved to Gail who waved back and thought to herself, "Shit that was too close." Valerie heard the garage door and she quickly hid the dildo and jumped into the shower thinking that she better keep better track of time from then on.

CONNIE AND HER DAUGHTERS

Connie called Valerie the next day and they agreed to get together at Connie's home Thursday afternoon. Valerie drove for 90 minutes to Connie's home we they had lunch together and Connie introduced her twin 19 year old daughters Dana and Nora. Over lunch they exchanged pleasantries and got better acquainted. Valerie felt very attracted to Connie who was a shapely 35-26-36 brunette. The twin girls were also attractive brunettes with more slender figures of 34-22-34. After lunch the daughters cleared the table and did the dishes while Connie and Valerie brought their coffee into the family room. They sat next to each other on the sofa.

"You are very beautiful Valerie, Connie told her and then asked, "Do you find me attractive?"

"You are a very attractive woman Connie," Valerie answered with a smile.

Connie leaned in toward Valerie and kissed her on the lips. Valerie accepted the kiss and kissed Connie back. Valerie knew that she was very vulnerable at the moment as she was feeling very horny. Connie kissed her again and this time she pushed her tongue into Valerie's mouth and stroked her breasts through the dress fabric. Valerie gasped into Connie's mouth when she felt the hands pass over her erect nipples poking through the dress. Connie did not miss the hard nipples and she gently pinched them through Valerie's dress. Connie reached for the tie behind Valerie's neck and pulled it loose. Then she lowered Valerie's dress top to her lap baring the firm breasts.

"You have beautiful breasts Valerie," Connie complimented her as she caressed the firm mounds.

"What about your daughters?" Valerie asked half hoping that they would join them.

"Oh don't worry about them they will finish up in the kitchen and then they might even join us," Connie replied as she continued to fondle Valerie's firm tits.

Connie lowered her mouth to one of the firm tits and took the erect nipple in her mouth. She massaged Valerie's other breast as she sucked on them moving her mouth from one to the other. Valerie gave no further thought to the twins in the house. Connie went to her knees in front of Valerie and pushed her dress up letting it gather in her lap. She then stroked Valerie's creamy thighs and then moved her hands up to the panties. Connie hooked her fingers in the waistband of the panties and slowly peeled them down the Valerie's legs. Valerie raised her hips slightly to allow the panties to clear her buttocks and Connie smiled her approval. Valerie's legs were pushed gently apart and Connie lowered her mouth to the woman's pussy. Valerie groaned out loud when Connie's tongue located her hooded clit. Valerie closed her eyes as she rested her head on the back of the sofa. Connie inserted two fingers in Valerie's twat as she nibbled on the erect clit. Valerie groaned again and then she felt her breasts being sucked. She opened her eyes and saw the twins on either side of her, they were both completely naked.

Valerie couldn't protest that moment if she wanted to as she was so close to an orgasm. She allowed herself to be loved by Connie and her two daughters. Connie continued to suck on her clit and finger her pussy as Dana and Nora worked over Valerie's tits. Valerie's body began to gyrate in response to the manipulations administered to her and she felt her orgasm building.

"Oh this is going to be a big one," Valerie warned and then screamed, "Oh I'm cumming, cumming."

Her body thrashed about and she pushed her hips into Connie's face. Valerie's female juices gushed out and coated the Connie's face. Connie continued to lick, suck and drink down every drop of Valerie's sweet nectar. Valerie stopped moving and Connie slowed her cunt lapping but the daughters continued sucking Valerie's tits. Finally they all stopped and they stared at the beautiful woman sprawled on the sofa.

"Let's go up to my bedroom girls," Connie said.

Dana and Nora led the way to their mother's bedroom as Connie took Valerie's hand and showed her the way. Valerie's dress slipped from her body and she stepped out it leaving it with her panties in the family room. As if in a trance Valerie went with the family to the bedroom and she watched the beautiful teenage twin sisters walk naked in front of her. When she entered Connie's bedroom she noticed the king sized bed and wondered how many females had been in it with the family.

Connie removed her clothes and lay in the bed on her back. She patted her pussy and Valerie knew that Connie expected her to reciprocate. Valerie smiled at the woman as she got between her legs then Valerie lowered her mouth to Connie's pussy. Valerie then felt Dana slide under her and fasten her mouth on her pussy. Next Nora knelt behind Valerie and played with her buttocks. Nora then pushed Valerie's butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight brown aperture. Valerie gasped as Nora probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Valerie tried to focus on Connie's pussy but the twins had her in an erotic state. Valerie located Connie's clit and drew it into her mouth. Connie cried out as Valerie took the hard jewel in her teeth and gently rolled it around. 
