 Part 1 of 3: The Lustful Hearts Club

By day, she was a teacher. By night, she was something else...

It all started just after the school bell rang. Being an art teacher meant that she was stuck with some serious cleaning duties. Today was worse because she had been teaching students how to paint. Classes like these could be problematic because she always liked to dress neat and proper. But in the few years since she had started teaching, she had already become used to it.

When she was ready to leave, she gathered her things, but in the doorway stood Margery-- the middle aged English teacher --holding a half empty container of cupcakes in one hand, while clutching a purse in the other

"We have some extra cupcakes from a class party," Margery said, holding up the box, giving the kind of smile only a friend could give.

Anna gave a huge sigh of relief. "God, I could really use one."

They put their things down and sat across from each other on the students' desks. They didn't bother with napkins. They simply opened the container and ate. Anna was especially in need of a good indulgence.

"Off your diet today?" Margery teased.

Anna licked her lips and wiped her mouth with her hand. "It's been a long day. When that happens, I tend to crave sugar."

"I know the feeling."

There was a slight airiness to Margery's tone, along with a twinkle in her eye, which gave Anna a sneaking suspicion.

"You're seeing someone, aren't you?" Anna smiled, putting the cupcake down.

"No, I'm not."

"Come on, it's just us here."

Margery blushed, "I swear, I'm not dating anyone."

"A friend with benefits, then? Is it a man or woman? Have you decided on coming out of the closet yet? I need the details!"

Margery continued blushing. "Well, I'm not coming out of the closet yet. Too many factors. My relatives wouldn't understand and my kids are too young for that sort of news."

"So, you've been seeing a woman?" Anna asked playfully.

Margery giggled, "You mean women."

The revelation made Anna gasp in a delightfully sinful shock. Margery had been her mentor for the past few years since she started teaching. They had become close and revealed all sorts of personal details to each other, including the fact that Margery had a strong preference for women.

This news was especially shocking to Anna because Margery had always carried herself as a clean cut professional. A prototype of what the perfect high school teacher should be.

Anna leaned forward and whispered. "You're seeing more than one woman?" 

"Why not? At my age, I can't afford to turn anyone down."

"Margery, that's no excuse for being a womanizer, even if you're a woman too."

Both ladies laughed and took more bites of their cupcakes. It was moments like these that helped Anna unwind after a busy day.

"It's not that unusual, considering the place," Margery said with a subtle hint of naughtiness. "Other women there do it also."

Once again, there was a coyness to Margery's tone, almost inviting Anna to inquire further.

"I don't even want to know," Anna said, finishing off her cupcake.

"Why? You're young, attractive, and single. You're in the prime of your life. You should be having fun."

Anna countered with a shrug. "I'm also swamped with work, teaching full-time, grading assignments, not to mention my volunteer duties with the art center."

"With your logic, working people can't have a love life."

"That's not what I'm saying," Anna countered again.

"Then what are you saying?" Margery asked in a motherly tone. "Why don't you come with me? I'll take you out and we'll have a good time."

"I've always been a commitment-oriented person. Plus, I'm not, you know..."

"A lezzie?" Margery asked with her trademark humor.

Anna gave an uncomfortable look. "You know exactly what I'm saying."

"Not really. Do tell..."

Margery put her elbow on the table and rested her chin on her hand, almost daring Anna to explain.

"I was raised a certain way," Anna replied faintly. "That's all I'm saying. If anyone ever found out that I went-- whatever you're suggesting --then that would be really embarrassing for me."

"And who's going to tell?"

"I don't know. These things spread. Either way, I don't think I'd feel very good about myself. My self-conscience would kill me."

"And what about mine?" Margery playfully jabbed. "Is something wrong with my conscience because of my lifestyle? Am I some sort of heathen?"

"Oh, stop with that. You're twisting my words."

"Let me ask you a question. Have you ever been eaten by another woman?"

Anna gasped. "Margery! We're in my classroom."

"It's a relevant question."

"Yes, inside my classroom."

"No one else is here." Margery gestured to the empty room.

Anna jokingly huffed, "No, I've never had the pleasure of experiencing that."

"You don't know what you're missing. If you did, all your moral values, your upbringing, your self-conscience...all that goes out the window once a skilled woman puts her lips to your cunny."

Anna hung her head down and laughed. "I'm sure you're right. My goodness."

"Have you ever even kissed a girl?"

"No, I've never had the pleasure of that either."

"Do you at least find women attractive?" Margery asked quizzingly.

"Of course I do. The female form is one of the most beautiful things in the world. Any art student who disagrees will get an automatic Fail in my class."

"Do you sexually fantasize about women on a routine basis?" Margery asked, eyebrow arched.

Anna sighed, "Studies show that it's common for women to fantasize about other women. So, yes. Nothing obscene, just here and there. Give me a break, okay?"

"Come with me. It'll be fun. We can make your fantasy become a reality. It's only a 20 minute drive from here and we can get you signed up. Their admissions process is a little invasive, but necessary for safety. The price is a little steep, but well worth it."

"I'm not much of a club person," Anna replied. "I'm also on a tight budget."

"I'll help you get a good discount. I'm being serious here. I used to be just like you, at your age. I was only work, work, work. Now that I'm in my 40's, I've learned to appreciate certain things a lot more."

Anna gave her fellow teacher a long hard look. "You're not making this easy on me, are you?"

"Consider this the best piece of advice that I could ever give."

Anna paused. "So what is it, some kind of sex club for women?"

"You can just watch if you'd like," Margery winked. "Most of the action takes place at night, but the real fun stuff happens on Friday and Saturday nights. Perfect for teachers like us."

"I'd be mortified if anyone saw me there. I mean it. I have friends and family in the city. Plus, imagine if any of the PTA parents saw me there. Awkward."

"They can't criticize you if they're also at the party," Margery smiled. "Besides, it's a masked affair. Think of it as a fun costume ball. You can reveal as much, or as little, as you wish. It adds to the mystique of the place."

"That'll make it so much easier then," Anna sarcastically replied. 

"Enough talk. Here, let me give you the address. You can stop by on your way home. I'll call them soon, so you can get a good deal."

Margery grabbed a pen and notepad from her purse and wrote down the information. Just an address. That was it.

"I'll give it a try," Anna said, with a hint of reluctance. "But some extra details would be nice. I'd like to know what I'm getting myself into."

Before the question could be answered, Margery's phone beeped and she checked it.

"I have to go," Margery said. "I'm supposed to be meeting someone. Do yourself a favor and visit that place. And please, take the rest of the cupcakes too."

She pushed the note and the nearly-finished container of cupcakes across the table to Anna, who sat there nearly dumbfounded, and left after they said 'bye' for the day.

As Anna sat there looking at the address, the only thing she could do was leave, taking her purse and cupcakes with her.

Part 2 of 3: CJ and the Guiding Light

The location wasn't far from her house, just as Margery had said. It was a small building on the outskirts of downtown. The outside of the place looked bland and nearly abandoned, like an old warehouse of sorts. There were only a few cars parked in the lot.

When Anna parked her electric car, she questioned herself. When she turned the car off and prepared to get out, she questioned herself yet again. When she got out and saw a small, plain sign with the letters, LHC, she became curious.

It wasn't until Anna entered the building that she understand what LHC stood for. There was a sign in pink letters: The Lustful Hearts Club

That's when she realized how crazy this was. Had Anna known the name of this place, she never would have come. No wonder Margery had never mentioned it. But, she was already here, might as well have a look.

Surprisingly, the inside of the building was fully furnished, stylish, and modern looking. The outside of the building was merely a ruse. Inside, there was a receptionist waiting, who looked up at Anna as she approached.

"Umm, hi," Anna said awkwardly to the receptionist. "I'm new here. I'm wondering..."

"You must be Anna," a voice said from behind.

Anna turned around to see a tall goddess standing there, with red lipstick, long hair tied in a ponytail, and thick framed glasses for added effect.

"Yes, I am," Anna meekly replied.

"I'm CJ. I own this place. Your lovely friend Margery gave me a call a few minutes ago, giving me notice that a new client may be arriving."

Anna gave a shy smile and raised her hand. "Well, here I am."

"It's a pleasure to meet you. Follow me."

***

After shaking hands, CJ led Anna down the hall into her nice office room, making small talk in the process. No one else was there. Anna was a little disappointed that she didn't get a tour of the place, especially since it had such a unique club appearance to it, but then again, she wasn't even an official member yet. 

All the while, Anna felt so out-of-place for being dressed like a typical teacher, while CJ looked so sleek and stylish in a black dress.

After closing the door to the office, CJ sat behind her desk, while Anna sat across from her. More small talk was exchanged and the mood was eased, even though Anna was still slightly nervous just being there.

"So, what brings you here?" CJ asked, leaning back on her chair.

"To be honest, I'm not even sure."

CJ smiled, "Your friend Margery put you up to this?"

"You could say that."

"Yeah, well, she has become a frequent visitor and loyal guest these past few months. I enjoy her passion. She's great."

"She's awesome," Anna agreed. "She mentored me when we first started working together, and we've been good friends ever since."

"Same high school, right?" CJ asked, catching the teacher off-guard. "Don't look so surprised, she's told me everything about her. Don't worry, I'm discreet. Discretion is a big part of what we do."

Anna nodded. "Pardon my ignorance, but what exactly is this place? Margery never went into specifics."

"Maybe because the Lustful Hearts Club is many things. At its core, we cater to womanly needs, sexually speaking. Our clientele is wide ranging, from business executives to office workers, atheists to church-goers, the outgoing to the very rigid...and yes, even school teachers."

Anna blushed, "Hence the masks, right? That sounds like a group of women who would rather have their identities hidden. After all, women are judged rather harshly for coming to a place like this."

"Precisely. We find that the masks allow our women to be more open, without the feeling of shame, whether it be to simply stand and watch, or to indulge."

"It must be kind of hard to get to know someone though, with a mask covering your face."

"There's plenty of ways of getting to know someone," CJ said with a half grin, which she tried to suppress. "There are many ways to entertain a naked body."

"Oh..."

"Besides, the masks vary. Some women want a full mask to cover their entire face, so they can only watch. Others only cover their eyes. The masks are customized to personal taste. I always love seeing what women come up with. They can look like ancient relics, Roman armor, or something more romantic, like masquerade masks."

"Sounds interesting," Anna nodded. 

"Which sort of mask would you prefer?"

"Anything that'll cover my whole face. That's for sure."

"But how will you kiss?" CJ asked suggestively. "Or lick?"

Anna nervously clasped her hands on her lap. "I certainly don't plan on doing any of that."

"So you're here purely as a voyeur?"

"Maybe."

CJ removed her glasses to reveal her beautiful set of eyes. "Many women tell themselves that. But the deeper they get, the more they want to explore, until the exploration becomes everything to them. Do you catch my drift?"

"Yes, but it's a little complicated for me."

"Let me guess, you grew up in a strict religious family. Conservative values. Stern parents. You've always lived a sheltered life."

"Am I that obvious?" Anna nearly blushed.

"Not too obvious. Profiling women is what I do. But more on that later. Right now we're discussing you."

"Okay. Honestly, I'm interested in watching, just from a curiosity standpoint."

"Honesty is a good start. Now we'll have to discuss the terms of your membership."

"I'm on a budget, if that's okay," Anna replied, a little embarrassed by her financial restraints.

"That's fine. Your friend Margery is a premium member and she's helped you get a reduced rate. Here's what we charge."

CJ put her glasses back on and typed on the keyboard. Then she twirled the computer monitor around so that Anna could see the screen.

"Oh..." Anna nearly gasped, looking at the price.

"Most people have that reaction. Yet, no one seems to complain once their memberships begin."

"Must be for good reason."

"A great reason," CJ agreed. "We provide unique experiences, training, and most importantly, safety."

"That's wonderful to hear."

"It is. We do extensive background checks, health screenings, and we profile our members and tailor a program that suits them best."

Anna nodded. "I can live with that."

"Once that's finished, we will conduct a more thorough examination of your mental state to create a clear profile. On another day, I will ask about your sexual history, your fantasies, thoughts, desires, and so forth. I can always tell if you're being truthful or not. When the profile is complete, I will be able to place you in the right setting to fulfill your every need."

Anna nodded, more slowly this time. "Okay, I can do that too."

"If you consent, we can begin right away."

A sliver of doubt crept inside Anna. Her conscience was berating her. But what the heck...you only live once...

"Sure, why not?" Anna replied.

CJ prepared an initial consent form for Anna to sign, who promptly signed it. Then another form asking for Anna's personal details. Both women exchanged smiles and Anna was led to another room to begin a health inspection with a private medical professional.

***

Anna dressed in a more hip, and less teacherly attire the next day. She knew she'd be going back to the club to meet CJ again, so she didn't want to look so rigid, wearing khaki pants and a small tshirt. At work though, she covered her small top with a loose fitting jacket.

When lunch time came, Anna made sure the classroom was cleaned and ready for the next period, while also waiting for Margery. They had already texted each other for lunch plans.

They went to a private area near the track and sat down on a bench with their lunches. Anna explained everything as they ate sandwiches. No detail was left unturned. All had been revealed, as Margery did her best to pry every little thought.

"You know, I feel the need to apologize," Margery said when the story was finally over. "I feel as though I pressured you yesterday."

Anna squinted. "These past 24 hours have been quite stressful. You could have saved me a lot of grief."

"I'm sorry for dragging you into this. The truth is, I got a little carried away. You're the only person I share these things with. It's nice having someone to talk to talk to about this."

"I'm only joking," Anna smiled. 

"Figures," Margery smiled back, knowing something was up. "Do you think you'll actually be able to go through with it?"

"I really don't know. But frankly, I find this process to be fairly amusing. It's certainly exciting."

"Bad girl," Margery said with a slight grin. 

"You're a terrible role model, as it turns out."

"You'll come to the dark side soon enough. When are you going back for the interview process?" Margery asked in a suggestive tone.

"Notice anything different about me?"

Margery looked a little more carefully, gave extra thought, and noticed that Anna was wearing more casual clothing, with slightly more attention towards her makeup and hair.

"Oh my," Margery smiled. "Good luck with that. I hope you make the decision that's best for you."

"What do you think I should do?" Anna asked, her right eyebrow arched. 

"That's entirely up to you. But I want to see you at an event sometime. We could be-- I don't know --like partners there somehow."

The bell rang, signaling that lunch was over and fifth period was about to start. There was sincerity in Margery's voice and a look in her eyes, but they had to leave the conversation where it was.

After tossing their food wrappers in the trash, they thanked each other for the company, and went to teach their classes.

***

It was a small room in the club, which looked identical to a therapist's office. Anna laid on a comfortable sofa, her head propped on a pillow as she stared at the ceiling. Her feet were bare and her toes pointed upwards. 

CJ sat on an adjacent couch; a clipboard in one hand, a pen in the other, which had been tapping against her lips. She wore her thick framed glasses again as she looked at the potentially new client.

A series of questions had already been asked. Mostly basic questions at first, like Anna's early life, her hobbies, her life goals, and other personnel topics. Then the questions became more personal, like Anna's sexual history, the amount of times she masturbates per week, her sex drive, and things of that explicit nature.

"Tell me about one of your favorite fantasies," CJ asked quizzingly. "Remember, this will always remain confidential."

Anna continued laying there, eyes towards the ceiling. "I really like the idea of watching."

"Who do you watch?"

"Lovers," Anna replied without doubt. "I like watching passion. Real passion. I've never been interested in casual encounters or porn, where it's just rough sex. I'm attracted to the real life intensity."

CJ wrote some notes. "In these fantasies, do you ever join? Or are you purely a watcher?"

"I join sometimes. But sometimes it feels intrusive of me."

"Why is that?"

"I like to fantasize about married couples," Anna explained. "Like I would be in their home, their living room or bedroom. It's a romantic setting. And I just stand there, peering at them while they make intimate love."

"Do they know that you're watching?"

"Yes."

"Why do they allow this?" CJ asked, writing more notes. 

"They like being watched, I guess. It gets them off"

"Do you wish they'd invite you to join?"

Anna nervously twirled her fingers. "Sometimes I think about myself joining. But mainly I get off by watching."

"Do you think of random couples? Or couples that you know?"

"Both."

CJ jotted that down. "Interesting. Do you think this has anything to do with your religious upbringing? Do you feel that being a watcher helps take away the feeling of guilt?"
