 Now I don't pretend to know everything about relationships but, I do know that lust and love sometimes do go hand in hand. If you will, just follow me through this little insight that led me to my conclusion. Maybe you'll see where I'm coming from and take my side in all of this...

I was walking through campus on my way to class one day and suddenly out of nowhere I saw her. She was a tall, sexy and slim yellow bone. I just watched this strange figure from far off; I didn't want her to notice me just yet. You know how it is, don't you? The minute something that good looking comes along you wanna look your best before you just happen to be walking by. I took a minute to pull my compact mirror out of my book bag and checked my hair and face. When everything was to my satisfaction, I started to walk in her direction.

Now I know what you're thinking isn't that a little extreme? Not to me, is my answer. I mean if you could have seen her you would be acting the same way. Anyway, instead of walking behind her I cut a path right in front of her and let her bump into me like it was an accident. Yea, I know sounds really sad but still it had to be done. I couldn't just walk right up to this chick and start up a conversation, it just isn't my style. I've never been the one to make the first move I'm still somewhat on the shy side.

"Excuse me," I started, "I guess I wasn't watching where I was going." I said kind of breathless, and then I just had to look up at her face.

"It's not all your fault, I bumped into you. My bad, here let me help you." She apologized while helping me pick up my notebook and Chemistry book.

"Thanks," I said extending my hands out to take them, "I'm Jenniqua."

"Hey, I'm Mase. Here I think you dropped this too," she added handing me my student id.

"Dang I can't afford to lose that, it costs too much to replace. Where did you get the name Mase any way?" I asked her.

"It's short for Maseria, but most people can't say it, so you know?" she shrugged after her explanation.

"Yea, trust me I know how it is; my name gets messed up by people all the time. Oh shit," I said looking at my watch, "I'm gonna be late for class," and I started to take off.

"Say, Jenniqua. What's your number? Maybe we can hook up later," she called out to me with a smile.

"Sure, it's 832-646-1952 and yes, it's my real number," I laughed and made my way to the science building for class adding a small twist in my step for affect.

Now I don't have to tell you that my mind wasn't even concentrating on the lecture that day. All I could think about was Mase and us hooking up later. Damn, she was even sexier close up. I couldn't believe I had given her my phone number like that; I never do anything like that. Well you know what they say, there's always a first time for everything. I guess it was time for me to do something different for a change. 

Later on that night while I was attempting to study for tomorrows classes I heard my cell ring. When I saw the strange number I knew it had to be Mase calling me, so, I answered it anxiously.

"Hello," I said.

"Hey, is this Jenniqua?" she asked.

"Yea, Mase right?" I answered loving the sound of her voice on the phone.

"Yea, what you doin right now? Wanna go grab something to eat?" she offered quickly.

"Sure, I could use a study break. It seems like I've been at this for hours," I explained.

"Ok, where do you stay? I'll come and pick you up." She said.

"I'm in the campus apartments, on Riverbend Street. You know where it is?" I asked Mase softly.

"Yea," she started laughing, "I live on campus too. Ain't that a coincidence?"

"Sure is, which building are you in?" I inquired hesitantly.

"I'm an RA over on Sampson Street, the next block over. What's your apartment number Jen? I'll be there in ten minutes ok."

"It's the second building, third floor number 352. I'll see you in ten. Bye Mase." I called out.

"Alright, then cutie be there in a little bit," and she hung up the phone.

I couldn't believe it; she was actually coming over to get me. It's a good thing my room was clean I thought. Now I just had to change and find something else to put on. I quickly went to my closet and found my favorite skirt outfit. Then put lotion on took off my sneakers, and grabbed sandals to show off my manicured toes. Knowing how studs feel about time I quickly changed. Looking into the mirror I brushed my fingers through my naturally curly hair, making sure to put some sheen to it as well. I cleaned my face with some alcohol pads and moisturized it then applied gloss to my lips for a flawless shine and was done.

I took one last look at my reflection and knew with my caramel skin color that I definitely looked great. So, I grabbed my small purse, keys and id of course then went to wait for Mase to arrive. Not a minute too soon there was a knock at the door. I steadied my breathing and walked the short distance to open it looking out the peephole. Even though I didn't have to I asked who it was.

"Who is it?" I almost laughed.

"Mase, I'm here to see Jenniqua." She called out.

So, I casually opened it to let her in. I almost lost it when I took in her appearance. She was wearing some jeans that were slightly hanging on her hips a belt with a huge silver buckle on the front, a fitted short sleeve black Polo shirt trimmed in white; a pair of Prada black and white bowling shows. I could feel my pulse racing a mile a minute and I just knew she could hear my heart pounding in my chest. Nervously, I smiled and looked down while touching my hair then quickly looked back up with a blush on my face. I noticed she was grinning to herself then caught herself.

"Damn, you look good girl." She spoke out on a whistle.

"Thanks, you look pretty cute yourself," I replied shyly.

"You ready to go?" she offered.

"Yea, I just gotta lock the door," I said for once I was glad my roommates were all gone by now. They would have all had a fit when Mase came over.

"So, what are you in the mood for?" she questioned.

"I have no idea, you pick. Just remember we're college students on a budget," I jokingly responded.

"Oh trust me I know, but I know a few places that have some good food and it ain't that expensive either." She told me.

"Ok, lead on Ms. Knowledgeable," and I laughed again walking alongside her in the hallway.

Outside we walked to her car parked in front; it was a black Jeep Cherokee Limited with tinted windows. I was impressed, not a lot of college students could afford that kind of car. I know I couldn't but hey some people are just born lucky. Mase opened the passenger door for me and closed it after I was in and in turn I did the same. I unlocked the door for her and pushed it open before she climbed in; she looked at me in surprise. Now, I know what you're thinking but hey I saw it in a movie so I just thought it was something cute to do. Besides, I wanted to see what her reaction would be.

I put on my seatbelt and she did the same, then she started the car by remote control and put the key in and we started to drive off. Let me tell you I was so nervous just sitting there my hands started to get a little cold. So I rubbed them together a little. She noticed and took my left hand in hers and immediately it got warm. If the light inside the jeep had been on I swear Mase would have seen me turn three different shades of red. It's not like I haven't been out on a date with a stud before. Just that they've never had this kind of effect on me like she did, not even my ex Dejah.

"You ok now?" she asked.

"Yea, thanks. I kind of stay cold like that sometimes." I tried to use as a cover for my sudden coldness.

"It's ok, if you want I can turn the heat on a sec?" she offered.

"No, it's not that serous Mase, I'm fine really," I smiled.

"You have a gorgeous smile. Do you know that?" she complimented me.

"Thank you," I answered back shyly hiding my next wave of blushes.

"So, what year are you? I'm a senior, first semester." She said.

"Sophomore, first semester it's strange but I've never seen you around campus before." I quizzed her cautiously.

"I try to stay low-key; I hate people bein in my business. Bedsides, if a lot of people don't know you, then you don't get into any outside mess. Get the idea?" she clarified for me.

"I feel the same way. Outside of my roommates and a few classmates, I don't really know that many people at school," I agreed with her.

"So Jenn, what's ya major? I'm goin into architectural engineering and I'm a business minor," she listed modestly.

"Wow, that's pretty tough, I'm studying biology with a minor in music. The music is for me the bio is for my parents, they don't think it'll take me anywhere." I reciprocated a little hurt by my answer.

"Damn, what's wrong, they don't believe you can make it in the business?" she asked.

"I don't know, I just kind of do what they ask no questions. No waves being made you know," I retorted back.

Silence fell over both of us at that moment and I stared out the window quietly. I wondered if Mase thought I was an idiot for just going along with what my parents wanted of me. I just thought of it as just doing what I had to do until I was out on my own. That's when I felt her hand caressing my thigh. I heard myself gasp softly, and I looked over at her wondering if she was aware of her actions. Obviously, she was and didn't care. I also wondered if she was thinking to test me to see if I was a lesbian or not since the question never came up between us earlier.

So, to reassure her that her guess was right I sort of moved into her caress allowing her further access to my silky thigh. I hope that answered her question because her hand was setting my thigh on fire. When I felt Mase reaching a little further up I promise I bit my bottom lip and almost stopped breathing. Mind you, that it's been a little while since my ex-girlfriend and I last had sex so, I was way overdue. Right now I didn't see the harm in having a little fun with Mase. I mean I'm sure she wasn't looking for a girlfriend, so why not just make it a little interesting and have fun, right?

"We're here," she said interrupting my thoughts.

"Great," I barely whispered, "I'm getting a little anxious to see what place you've picked out," which was a total lie. I was actually getting wet from her hand touching my thigh.

"Well, let's go inside," She insisted as she parked her jeep.

"I'm ready, when you are," I said opening my door.

It was a really nice place and Mase was right it wasn't expensive at all. We had a good meal and thoroughly enjoyed each other's company. During the time spent together we could both feel the sexual tension floating in the air from both of us. After we finished eating I got up and went to the ladies rest room saying I would be back in a few moments. I peed and was going to wash my hands when I saw Mase standing in the bathroom waiting with her arms crossed in front of her chest.

I licked my lips slowly and bit my lip seductively and bent to the sink to wash my hands. When I was through she handed me some paper towels to dry with. I smiled without saying a word. If you only knew how nervous I was trying to play it cool. It was like torture. As I leaned to throw away the paper she grabbed me by the waist and held me to her. She put her right hand under my chin tilting it so I was looking directly in her eyes. And then she leaned in to kiss me. My arm went around her neck and I had to go up on my toes to kiss her back. It seemed like forever before she pulled away and looked down at my face. I knew I was burning up red by now.

"I know this is only our first time hanging out, but come back to my apartment with me Jenn." She stated.

"Yes," I let out, "I'm sure you know I'm not a hoe. But I'm just not ready to go back to my place yet. We can also get to know each other a little better," I said.

"I'll pay the bill and then we'll leave," Mase volunteered.

"I can pay half if you want Mase," I offered quickly.

"No, its cool I got it," she said to me.

Now I was just hoping that because she wanted to pay didn't mean she was gonna be getting some. Even though I really wanted to give her some, I still had to play it cool. We got back into her jeep and before she drove out of the parking lot she leaned over to me and kissed me long and hard. I could feel her tongue glide past my teeth and wrestle with my tongue. I moaned and kissed her with the same amount of energy that she gave to me. I liked the way she tasted and I couldn't stop moaning in her mouth, she was a great kisser. When she stopped I was completely out of breathe and my heart was racing so fast. I stuck my tongue out and I could still taste her on my lips.

"Damn, you know how to kiss ma," Mase, blurted out to break the tension.

"Thank you," I giggled, "you're not so bad yourself," and she drove off towards the school.

"I really didn't think you were into me, but now that I know I'm glad you are. Truth is, I've seen you around and I been wantin to get to know you a little better myself. I guess now I get my chance don't I?" she said placing her hand on my thigh again.

"I guess so. Maybe we'll have the chance to hang out more than just tonight too." I added simply with a smile on my lips.

I could feel the warmth creep over my body and knew that if Mase were to touch me again I'd start getting wet again. The thought was delicious; I wondered what it would feel like to have Mase make love to me. Just the anticipation of it was really making me hot. My whole body was on edge from the stimulation of her hand massaging and kneading my thigh. I started to move restlessly in the seat. What you're doing don't stop, please don't stop my eyes were saying to her. It felt so good, my eyes closed and my head leaned back on the seat.

I wet my lips and a moan slipped out of my mouth. Before I knew it we were stopped, I opened my eyes and we were in front of Mase's building. She turned the car off and leaned on the middle console and motioned for me to come closer. Which I definitely obeyed, and once more our lips met in a sensual embrace. Mase allowed her tongue to explore my mouth with a fevered frenzy. Soon the simple kiss became more heated and urgent than when it started. Mase suddenly broke it off and stared into my eyes.

"I think we should go inside now. I don't know how much longer I can wait," Mase whispered into her ear.

"Then let's go. I'd hate to keep you waiting any longer," I heard myself saying smoothly.

"Good, come on follow me." She commanded lightly. I just nodded in agreement.

Quickly but not to steady we got out of the jeep making quick steps to the building. I could feel my heart and pulse beating so fast. I couldn't believe this was actually gonna happen. The two of us walked into the glass door and headed straight for the elevator to Mase's floor. Our luck no one else was on with us. Mase pushed the number to her floor and took the opportunity to pull me to her for another unexpected kiss.

When the elevator stopped at her floor, Mase ended the kiss leaving me breathless. We got off and it was apparent that Mase was ready to further this encounter along. It was now or never, I could either run or be brave. So, I decided to be brave and let this happen. Mase unlocked her apartment door and let me in first as she followed behind checking out my well rounded ass. I almost jumped when I felt her touching my behind, only because the caress felt good.

"You want something to drink," Mase asked hoping she would say no.

"Yea, maybe. What do you have?" I answered timidly.

"Well, I have some Vodka, Rum and Gin. So what's your pleasure?" she smiled.

"Gin I guess, but not too much. I'm not really a drinker ok?" I explained.

"I won't make it too strong for you then. Just give me a sec, I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable ok?" and she went to the kitchen to make two drinks.

I waited uneasily for Mase to return. I really didn't want the drink, but maybe it would calm my nerves a bit. When Mase came back into the living room she handed me a glass and sat down and took a seat. I took a sip and as it burned my throat I choked a little. Mase quickly took the glass from me and pat my back. When the coughing subsided, Mase leaned closer to me and sought my mouth.

Damn I loved the taste of her lips and tongue battling with my own. Mase gently put her hand behind my head to deepen the kiss further delving into the recesses of my mouth. Then she started to maneuver our position and laid us back on the couch moving in between my legs. It was like heaven. She began a hot trail of kisses down my body and her hands were everywhere on me. I felt like I was falling and Mase was the only one who could catch me safely at the moment.

"Come on let's go to my room," Mase suggested pulling Jenn up from the couch and leading her in the right direction.

"Ok," I confirmed as I followed.

Mase closed the door behind us and led me over to her bed. I noticed how clean her room was and a little surprised too. Suddenly, she bent down and took my sandals off my feet while I watched. The simple movement was so sweet I couldn't help but get hot all over. Next, she helped me out of my short torso jacket and top, leaving my bra on. Then she stood me up and turned me around pulling my skirt down over my behind and let it fall to the floor until I was almost naked. I heard her breath catch in her throat and she muttered something but I was so nervous I didn't hear it.

It seemed like a long time before she allowed me to sit down and started to undress out of her own clothes. She took her shoes off first then her shirt came off over her head. I was impressed with the six-pack she sported I had no idea that her body was so gorgeous. I mean her body almost took my breath away in that instant. When her jeans slid off her and onto the floor I saw the well defined muscles in her legs. She came to me on the bed and gently pushed me to lay back.

"Damn girl, you are so fuckin sexy. I bet you taste good too? I definitely get the chance to find out." Mase told her.

"You'll just have to, won't you?" I teased her smiling.

"Don't worry, I plan on doin that and a lot more ma," she promised.

I laid there anticipating the next touch to my body. Fortunately, I didn't have to wait long. Mase brushed my skin with her hand in a teasing caress. I sighed and she brought her mouth down on mine. I reached my hand up to massage her head and she put more effort into her tongue assault. Her hands seemed to be guiding my entire body into sensitivity. Each touch and caress brought my body a little closer to wanting more of what Mase had to offer. She lifted her head and started licking and sucking on my neck moving the bra straps off my shoulders.

My head went back and soon my bra was gone and my nipples started to respond to the feel of the air and her wet mouth on them. It was like my body had a mind of its own. My legs were moving up and down her thighs, while moans were escaping from my mouth of their own accord. I was completely on fire and it was growing by the minute. She was grabbing and pawing at my hips and I could feel her heat as well. I was so moist between my thighs. I could feel her harsh breathing on my skin as she guided my thongs down my legs. When she stopped to smell the crotch I laughed. Then she looked back at me and I saw the desire she had for me in her gaze.

Mase tentatively took my ankle and opened my legs apart as she licked and bit a warm path up my inner thighs. I moaned and writhed on her bed before her. I closed my eyes at the moment she nibbled at the flesh just before my pussy lips met. I could hear her breath in my sweet aroma as she slid her tongue to taste my juices. When she thrust it inside me I could feel the thickness and its length as she made love to my hole. I moaned as my hips grinded on her tongue letting her in deeper. Her mouth was terrifically perfect and I couldn't stand it. Once she found my hard clit I was through, her mouth grazed it and my body twitched on impulse. I knew it wasn't going to take long for my orgasm to hit me. She suddenly placed a finger in my wet hole causing it to make loud squishing sounds.
