 Lydia stood nude in front of the mirror and looked at her 40-year-old body which had had two lovers before marriage and a husband. Firm breasts, flat stomach, big bush, nice thick thighs, all this added up to a sexy woman, she assured herself. Her spectacles gave her an intellectual look, a look that made Steve fall in love with her a month back. Lydia, an English professor, had met Steve at a friend's party. 45-year-old Steve, who taught the classics, found her 5 feet 8 inches figure and literary background appealing. After three more similar meetings, they ended up in bed and she found him as dull as her husband had been. Enter, leak and exit was his sex strategy, if one could call it that. For him, romance meant lying in bed and reading out loud his favorite passages from the Iliad or the Aeneid. Prolonged oral stimulation, mutual masturbation and erotic discussions were Lydia's areas of interest and obsession. Lydia soon realized they would never click as a couple, but since he was nice and since there was no other macho lover in sight she decided to play along.

Standing nude, wearing just her glasses, Lydia admired herself and admitted she was in love with the feminine form, be it hers or that of other women. She began her daily masturbation ritual, thanks to the many years with her husband and Steve, two insensitive men who never understood that tongues could also tease clitoris and vagina. Inserting two fingers into her wet gorge, she pleasured herself till her hand ached. Satisfied, she went to her laptop and logged on to her favorite website to chat with her friends. Online, she found 'Readyforyou', her frequent male chat friend, and described how she stood nude in front of the mirror and fingered herself. He said he was horny and would love to watch her finger herself while he sat nude in a chair. In previous chat sessions, 'Readyforyou' had told her that he was 30 and had a sexy body and a great girlfriend. Lydia had asked why he was online sexting if he had a girlfriend he could screw. 'Readyforyou' said he hardly saw his girl and hence came here to satisfy his insatiable urge for libidinous acts.

She did not want to be more inquisitive as such websites attracted all sorts of people; old guys on a rejuvenation trip, men posing as women as well as lesbians and a wide range of fakes. 

Just then her lesbian friend 'Openpetals' pinged her and inquired whether Steve licked her at all. When Lydia said no, 'Openpetals' offered to eat her till she fainted and regretted they did not live in the same city. 'Openpetals' could be a man posing as lesbian, but even if her two constant online friends proved to be fakes, it hardly mattered to her: all she desired was sex talk and exploring all possibilities of carnal pleasure.

Lydia took the laptop to the bed and, lying on her stomach with a pillow between her thighs, she chatted with 'Readyforyou' and 'Openlips'. Rubbing her mound on the pillow and sexting with a man and a woman was like having sex with both at the same time and soon she bid goodbye to her lovers and fell asleep.

The next day, Lydia walked towards her college thinking of last night's chat session and she felt her vagina tingle, open and get moist as she imagined a woman licking her soggy fissure.

'Hello, good morning, madam," she heard a sweet voice call her and found her student Gloria walking behind her.

"Hi, Gloria, good morning," Lydia said.

"Madam, I have some doubts I would like to discuss with you. Can I drop in at your house this evening, if you are free?" Gloria asked.

"Hmm, ya, you can," Lydia smiled and said.

"Thanks madam," Gloria said and ran to catch up with her friends who were walking ahead.

Lydia sighed as she watched the final year girl's ass and hip and imagined her nude in bed with her.

Recently, she had been experiencing a heightened sense of sexual urge and this had taken her to the website where she explored and shared her awakening libido. She found herself experimenting and innovating to kill sexual frustration and the boredom of teaching. Steve could have energized her sex life but had not brought any improvement to her life and had only magnified her desperate need to reach out emotionally and let herself go with abandon, like the women in the porn movies she watched once in a while.

In the evening, she returned home, took a shower and put on a short skirt but skipped the panties. She sat in the sofa and imagined that she was seducing Gloria and became wet immediately and began squeezing her thighs together to boost the pleasure she felt deep in her pleasure valley.

There was a knock on the door and when Lydia opened it, Gloria stood there dressed in a red short skirt. She came in and sat on the sofa. Lydia's eyes fell on Gloria's young sexy thighs and her bouncy breasts while the young student spoke about her doubts and they discussed poetry for sometime. During their talk, Lydia's hand fell on Gloria's bare thighs now and then and the student didn't seem to mind it and, in fact, she too placed her hand on the older woman's legs. 

"You are so kind, madam," Gloria said and held her hands to thank her but showed no intention of letting go.

As Lydia drank in the curvaceous contours of the young girl, Gloria's eyes too fell on Lydia's boobs and thighs. Lydia noticed this and felt sure Gloria had lesbian inclinations but doubted whether she would go ahead and dare to make a pass at her professor.

Getting up, Lydia said she would get orange juice for them and Gloria went with her to the kitchen and took two glasses. Sipping the drink, they looked at each other and their intentions were evident. Lydia was the first to make a move by taking Gloria's hand and kissing it. She too responded in a similar manner and they finished their drink soon and returned to the sofa. Gloria sat down hiking her skirt, and that exposed more of her thighs. Sitting down by her side, Lydia ran her finger on her cheek and kissed. The young girl took Lydia's hand and placed it on her thigh and the teacher moved her hand further up and gasped on reaching a clean shaven pussy. Gloria grabbed Lydia's head and kissed her mouth deeply, exploring her mouth with her tongue as if she wanted to wipe it clean. The professor lifted up her skirt revealing her bushy mound and the student got down between her thighs, opened her bulging pussy with her thumbs and ran her tongue up and down. Lydia watched Gloria eat her hungrily, opening her vulva, spreading her petals, biting and chewing her clitoris. As Lydia removed her skirt, Gloria sucked her boobs too and returned to savoring her pussy. Never been sucked like that before, Lydia sighed and groaned her way to her first orgasm from oral stimulation by a woman. 

They went to bed and Lydia began devouring Gloria's young and tight vagina. The smell of the pink folds and the taste of her juice was too intoxicating for Lydia. Gloria took out three dildos from her handbag, which she had brought to the bedroom, as Lydia's eyes opened wide in excitement and anticipation. Gloria offered Lydia a big dildo to suck and she too coated it with her saliva. After lubricating it sufficiently, Gloria slid the dildo into a groaning Lydia's wide open passage and took it out fully and again plunged it in. Lydia bucked at the deep penetration and raised her hips invitingly. Holding the big dildo inside Lydia's oozing slit, Gloria took the smaller one and lubricated it with her saliva and slid it in Lydia's asshole. Surprise overcame Lydia who gasped as the dildo entered her unexplored orifice. Pain and pleasure mingled and finally an unknown ecstasy prevailed all over her lower region.

"You love your asshole pierced, don't you?," Gloria hissed at Lydia, who nodded.

Gloria, who had been silent so far, was revealing a new dominant side of her character.

"So, you want a rod in both your holes at the same time, don't you? You whore cunt, slut cunt. I can pleasure you like no man can. I can lick you for hours and make you scream and cream. You bitch, I will fuck and lick you all night," Gloria muttered and plunged both dildos deeper.

Though Lydia was taken aback by Gloria's language, she found it erotic and highly arousing and her openings responded by expanding further.

"Pleasure me all night with your tongue, baby," Lydia begged.

"Yes, bitch, You be my slave cunt and do as I say," Gloria said in a rasping voice and worked the dildos in both her holes, making her shudder as another orgasm rocked her. 

Gloria waited for the professor's paroxysm to subside and then offered both the dildos to Lydia who slid it in the student's twin openings and pleasured her, now and then tasting the juice flowing out of her tight crevice. 

"Let's do a 69, you horny cunt," Gloria ordered Lydia and they locked themselves with Gloria on top. Lydia found Gloria's tongue rimming and prodding her rear hole and she too returned the favor. 

Lydia couldn't believe she was experiencing anal penetration and stimulation and was tasting an asshole. A highly respectable professor behaving like a low porn star and enjoying being called bitch, whore, slut cunt: and all that by a student! But she was loving it and having a hell of a great time and did not want this to stop. 

Gloria's experienced tongue was pleasuring her to another orgasm as she kept up her abusive language. For her part Lydia bit Gloria's ass and slapped her too, losing all inhibitions and living her libidinous dream. After a few minutes, Gloria let out a series of "oh! shit and oh! god" and cried out that she was coming. Lydia tasted the young girl's cum as the juice painted her face. 

Gloria straightened up and went between Lydia' thighs and prepared to lick her. 

"I love eating your whore cunt, you slave bitch, spread your slut hole wider," she said and began slurping Lydia's gaping hole. For half an hour without a break, Gloria performed cunnilingus on Lydia. Finally, Gloria lay between Lydia's thighs and they kissed.

"Did you enjoy that?" Gloria asked.

"You bet I did," Lydia sighed her approval.

"You wanna be my slave cunt," Gloria asked with a smile.

"Yes, and I love everything we did and you are free to do anything you want to do with me ... anything," Lydia said.

"Mmm that is my slave slut," Gloria moaned. 

Lydia mounted Gloria who spread her thighs to accommodate her. Rubbing her cunt on Gloria's belly, Lydia muttered that she was truly satisfied. As sleep overcame Lydia, she realized she was in love with the young dominating student.

* * *

When Lydia woke up next morning, Gloria had gone leaving a note wrapped around the big dildo that read: "use it freely, you slave slut." Lydia felt aroused and smiled. While taking a bath, she applied soap on herself and the dildo and slid it in her vagina, all the while soaping her rear hole too. Then she lay on the floor and inserted the dildo in her anus which expanded rather easily. She fingered her vulva while the dildo pleasured her other slot and orgasmed soon.

On her way to college, Lydia met Gloria.

"Hi," Gloria said with a smile, the 'madam' was missing.

"Good morning, Gloria," Lydia too flashed an embarrassed smile.

"Did you enjoy our session yesterday? I know you did, you slave cunt," Gloria whispered.

Lydia looked around to see if anyone was within earshot and finding none, she felt relieved.

"Honey, we should not use such language here," Lydia said.

"Hmm yes, there is no one around. Did you bring the dildo?" Gloria asked looking at Lydia's eyes.

"Y.y.yes," she said, embarrassed at being caught and that she couldn't lie.

"Hmm that is nice, you horny professor. Use it in the restroom and tell me later how you fucked yourself," Gloria said and squeezed Lydia's hand and left for her class.

Lydia's heart was beating faster after that brief risque conversation. Did Gloria like her or was she treating her like a slut? Was there a tinge of disrespect in her voice? She did not have the courage to pop these questions at Gloria, and would it not be demeaning to prostrate at Gloria's feet and ask her if she liked her? Whatever be the case, Lydia enjoyed their sex encounters and that settled the matter for the moment. 

In between classes, Lydia went to the toilet and sat on the seat and removed her panties and stuffed it in her purse and took out the dildo. Leaning back, she spread her legs and inserted the toy organ into her wet and gaping pussy. She gasped as it entered her deeply. Stimulating her clitoris, she slid the dildo in and out and began sweating. Soon she shuddered as an orgasm rocked her. She wiped her sweat, put on her panties and put the dildo back into her purse, all the while trying to count the number of orgasms she had had ever since she met Gloria and began online chat. She had no intention of backtracking from her new sex life, she told herself as she walked towards her class.

That evening, Lydia wondered whether Gloria would come to meet her and soon got a call from her. 

"Hi slut, How are you?" Gloria purred.

"I am good honey," Lydia said.

"Did you use the dildo?" Gloria asked.

Lydia described what she did in the restroom as Gloria listened patiently.

"You should have raised both your legs and shoved the dildo in both your holes. Anyway, you are a beginner. My girlfriend is licking my cunt right now, and hmmm, it is lovely," Gloria said and ended the call.

Lydia was upset at Gloria's rude behavior and felt bad that she did not visit her. Was she having sex with another girl or was she just teasing her? 

She went online and began chatting with 'Readyforyou'. Lydia told him everything that happened in great detail and asked him if he could guess what Gloria was up to.

"Listen. You have to be clear about your feelings for her. If you love her; wait for her. It has been just a day. You can't expect her to be with you every night, o.k.? Don't be possessive or addicted to her, that would be my advise. Are you jealous that she has a lover?" he asked.

"No, I'm not jealous. I just want to have sex with her. Since she treats me like a slave, does she want me to beg her for sex?' Lydia expressed her doubt.

"Hmm, maybe. But don't beg. That may be too silly at your age," he replied.

Lydia chatted with him for sometime and then went to bed.

The next morning, Gloria met Lydia and they exchanged pleasantries. Another girl walked up to them and Gloria introduced her to Lydia.

"This is my girlfriend, baby sweets Cathy. I was with her last night," Gloria said in a decent voice.

"Cathy knows about us. We can enjoy a threesome, if you are cool to that," Gloria winked at Lydia.

Caught by surprise, Lydia nodded, remembering her resolve not to retreat.

That evening, the girls came and immediately began undressing and Lydia too followed suit. Gloria huddled between Lydia's thighs and began slurping her pussy while Cathy lay on the floor directly under Gloria and ate her cunt.

"Oh, see Cathy, our slave cunt is wide open, I told you she had a hot and slutty hole," Gloria told Cathy who was busy feasting on her friend's dripping pussy.

After a few minutes, the girls took out two strap-ons from their bag and tied them on. Then Gloria sat on the sofa and asked Lydia to sit on the dildo. The professor sat facing away from Gloria who guided the dildo into her asshole slowly and fully. Gloria held Lydia's legs apart and raised them as Cathy slid her strap-on dildo into her professor's pussy. Lydia moaned and groaned as the double penetration stretched both her holes to the maximum. 

"Fuck her holes," Gloria said and kissed Lydia's neck and teased her clitoris.

Cathy squeezed Lydia's boobs and pegged her slit.

As the two girls stepped up the tempo, Lydia quaked as an internal tremor rocked her and she screamed that she was coming.

The two girls withdrew the dildos from the professor's twitching openings and Cathy sat on Gloria's lap, placing their cunts one above the other.

"Get on your knees and fuck us with the dildo and tongue us, you cunt," Gloria ordered Lydia.

The older woman crouched between their legs and ran her tongue up and down on the four holes of the two girls and plunged in two dildos into the tight pussies. She sucked and bit their clitorises as they moaned their approval of the professor's performance which continued till the girls quivered and reached their orgasm.

"You are good, slave slut and learning fast," Gloria said as Lydia went to fetch them water and juice. The three began talking and Lydia told them about Steve and how boring he was in bed and all laughed.

"You don't need him when you have us," Gloria said and the girls left leaving Lydia to nurse her sore love alleys.

The next morning, Gloria called up Lydia with a terse message: she and Cathy wanted to own Lydia fully and if she wanted them, she should get rid of Steve.

(To be continued)