 Authors Note: I received an e-mail requesting this lesbian story. The e-mail is after this note. I also received a request to write about a mother and daughter lesbian exchange program where the daughters are swapped out to other mothers. To that end I decided to combine the two requests. This will be a series but at this time I do not know how many chapters there will be. Thanks to the requesters for suggesting a hot topic. 

The E-mail: I have enjoyed reading your stories for many years. My two favorite series are "Lesbian Soccer Moms" and "And Mother Makes Four." Have you considered revisiting the lesbian/incest/school theme? A scenario involving the principal and female teachers seducing girls at an all-girls school is hot. This web would expand to include mothers, sisters, aunts, and even grandmothers. These relatives of the girls are politically connected which keeps a scandal away. Just some thoughts roaming through my head. Please don't let negative comments dissuade you. You are one of the most talented writers on this site. Thanks for all your efforts.

REVIEW

In chapter one, we met some of the characters at the Brooke Cummings Academy. We were introduced to the teenage beauty Rachel who had her first lesbian experience and who is destined to one day run the academy. We also met the sultry Monica, Rachel's roommate and seductress and we learned that Monica, her mother, her aunt and her grandmother were all lovers. 

Chapter two had Rachel and Monica getting closer and Brooke's marathon sex encounter with Monica. Brooke also began her seduction of Rachel. Stacy and the cute teacher Millie got together and we met Brooke's lover Nichole. In chapter three Brooke shows Rachel the true meaning of lesbian love. Monica and Stacy spent an erotic day together and Rachel's mother had an unexpected lesbian experience that opened her eyes to a brand new world. The last chapter covered the first parent's weekend at the Brooke Cummings Academy with more encounters and discoveries.

In chapter five Rachel and Brook got even closer while Monica had group sex with the faculty. Valerie took a big chance seducing one of her neighbors and Rachel and Monica met their new roommates. In chapter six Brittany struggled with her new found feelings for Rachel and Monica made it with Annie. Valerie was approached about joining the Mother and Daughter Lesbian Swap Association. Valerie's husband caught her in a lesbian threesome in their home and he plans to file for divorce.

In this chapter Valerie attends her first Mother and Daughters Lesbian Swap Association meeting. Rachel graduates from the academy and college and then accepts a position at the academy. Brooke has a tragic end to her life but Rachel steps in as the new leader. Please remember that all characters in the story are at least 18 years of age.

THE MOTHERS AND DAUGHTERS LESBIAN SWAP ASSOCIATION

The association had booked and entire floor at a hotel for the meeting. Each family was assigned a hotel room and the reception was held in a large meeting room. The hotel provided the food and drink but not the wait staff as the meeting was to be private. The attire for the evening was mini skirts or mini dresses. No pantyhose were allowed only thigh high nylons with elastic tops. 

The reception started off calmly with all the guests getting acquainted. Valerie had attended with Connie and Connie's two daughters Dana and Nora. Annie was there with her mother Karen and Monica was with her mother Andrea. Monica's grandmother and aunt were also present and they were accompanied by someone else's daughters. Valerie noticed that there were two girls there who were very cute and looked to be twins. She learned later that they were twins there with their mother and aunt. There were 15 adults and 15 young daughters at the meeting.

After about two hours of socializing, the adults were directed to sit in chairs in a circle facing outward. The leader told the women that it would be like musical chairs. The young girls would parade around the circle and stop in front of an adult when the music stopped. Until the music started the adults could play with the girls. The daughters were then directed to take off their panties. Everyone could feel the sexual tension and excitement in the room. 

The daughters first stood in front of their partner and then when the music started they walked around the seated adults. The music stopped and the girls did too and stood in front of another adult. Hands went under the mini skirts to fondle buttocks and finger pussies until the music resumed. The daughters were squirming and giggling as the adult hands played with their buns and pussies. One of the cute twins had stopped in front of Valerie who was overcome with the girl's beauty. Valerie searched out the girl's bottom and found it to be exquisite, so much so that she only played with her buttocks and tickled her anus.

The game continued for about an hour and by then everyone was ready to climb the walls they were so turned on. When the music stopped for the final time the leader announced that who ever was paired up together would spend the night together. Valerie was excited beyond words as the twin's sister had stopped by her and she had just as nice an ass as her sister. The leader dismissed everyone reminding them that a buffet breakfast would be served between 8:00 and 11:00 AM in the morning. 

Valerie and the pretty 18 year old named Caitlin went to Valerie's room where they undressed. Valerie loved Caitlin's body and she had her turn around as she surveyed Caitlin's curves. Valerie coaxed Caitlin into bed and she spent several minutes caressing the teenager. Valerie loved Caitlin's breasts but she loved her ass even more. 

Valerie began her descent down Caitlin's body kissing and sucking her tits and rock hard nipples. Then Valerie kissed Caitlin's firm belly and tickled the belly button with her tongue. Caitlin was on fire and she was anxious for Valerie to get to her pussy but Valerie was in no hurry as she savored every inch of Caitlin's hot flesh. Caitlin was moaning softly and the fragrance of her sex was in the air. Valerie dipped a finger into Caitlin's pussy and then brought it to her mouth to taste it.

"Delicious!" 

Caitlin just cooed at the gesture but she knew that she did taste good as she had tasted her own juices many times. Valerie then lowered her head between Caitlin's legs and gazed into her honey pot. She spread the lips of Caitlin's pussy and exposed the erect clit desiring attention. Valerie moved in closer and blew on the hard nub causing Caitlin to feeling and groan. There would be plenty of time later to fuck Caitlin senseless but for now Valerie wanted to enjoy her latest conquest.

Caitlin couldn't conceal a moan and she had to stifle her gasps with the back of her hand. Caitlin could feel Valerie's hot breath on her sopping wet pussy. Caitlin then started to place delicate kisses upon Caitlin's naked thighs and the sensation of her wet lips on Caitlin's skin sent waves of excitement through her. Valerie ran a fingertip down Caitlin's slit causing her to groan with pleasure as Valerie's fingers honed in on Caitlin's swollen clit.

As Valerie inhaled the sweet odor of Caitlin's pussy as her tongue darted out for an exploratory lick and then she lapped excitedly at Caitlin's quim. Valerie then pulled Caitlin's pussy lips open and exposed her pink pussy as her tongue darted in and out of Caitlin's now dripping cunt. Caitlin felt as if she were being fucked with a little cock as Valerie stiffened her tongue. Using her thumb Valerie rubbed Caitlin's clit and she also dipped her fingers into Caitlin soaking wet pussy. Valerie then took one very wet finger and slid it into Caitlin's tight asshole. Oh how good it felt to Caitlin to have a finger in her ass again. Valerie sucked Caitlin's clit into her hot mouth and slid her fingers into her pussy and one into her ass. Caitlin groaned with the pleasure of the raw sex and her hidden desire for anal sex betrayed her. Soon the intensity in Caitlin's ass, pussy and clit built up to the boiling point and she came noisily with her juices spilling from her and into Valerie's waiting mouth.

Caitlin knew it was now her turn. Valerie stood up by the bed and Caitlin moved behind her and placed gentle kisses all over her body. She started at Valerie's shoulders and worked her way slowly down to her buttocks. Caitlin was enthralled with Valerie's body with her firmness and smooth skin. Caitlin began to lick and kiss Valerie's hips planting kisses all over her sensitive body. Caitlin couldn't resist sinking her teeth into Valerie's firm ass cheeks causing her to shiver and gasp in surprise. Caitlin turned Valerie toward her and then kissed the inside of her thighs and worked her way steadily toward her pussy. Caitlin kissed the area around Valerie's pussy and inhaled the sweet aroma produced by the aroused adult. 

Caitlin loved the smell of Valerie's pussy and she was desperate to taste her. Caitlin flicked out her tongue and for the third time that week she tasted another woman's pussy. Caitlin was pleased to find that Valerie tasted as sweet as she smelled. Caitlin began by probing Valerie's pussy gently with her tongue and then found herself diving into the luscious pussy. Valerie fell back onto her bed and Caitlin moved to a sitting position between her legs. Caitlin then began to lick her clit and loved the way it swelled under her tender touch. Calling on all her lesbian experience Caitlin enveloped Valerie's clit with her mouth and swirled her tongue around it emitting squeals of delight from Valerie letting Caitlin know that she was driving Valerie crazy. Caitlin was gaining confidence with her tactics as she started to lick Valerie's pussy again tasting her sweetness. She ate her, licked her and probed Valerie's sweet hole with her tongue and then slipped a finger into Valerie's dripping pussy and finger fucked her while she sucked and nibbled the swollen clit.

Caitlin felt Valerie's clit swell and stiffen a little more as she continued to hold the hard pearl in her mouth. Caitlin lavished delicate kisses all over Valerie's pussy and then returned to lustily licking her clit again. Caitlin's tongue danced all over Valerie's clit before probing her quim this time her tongue delved into every fold of Valerie's now soaking pussy. Valerie reached down and took hold of Caitlin's braided hair and pulled her face tighter to her snatch forcing Caitlin's tongue deeper inside her pussy and she ground her clit against Caitlin's mouth. Caitlin could feel Valerie's body quake as her orgasm rose within her and Valerie continued to push back against Caitlin's face. Valerie ground herself against Caitlin as her breathing quickened and she moaned aloud and became uncontrollable. Caitlin felt Valerie's body stiffen and then she was cumming all over her face and Caitlin's tongue hungrily searched out every drop of Valerie's sweet nectar. Valerie collapsed across the bed on her back as Caitlin licked her pussy clean of all female juices. Caitlin then moved to the bed and lay next to Valerie. 

"You know when I ate you before I noticed that you enjoyed having my finger in your ass. Do you like anal?" Valerie observed and asked Caitlin.

Caitlin blushed at the question but replied, "I did like your finger in there. I guess I like anal."

"Would like a nice hard cock in your ass?" Valerie asked almost in a threatening tone.

"What do you mean?" Caitlin asked cautiously in reply.

"I have just the thing for you but let's get you ready first," Valerie told her. 

Valerie rolled Caitlin over on her stomach and lifted her by her hips so that her ass was in the air. Then she wet one of her fingers with her own saliva and rubbed it gently against the opening in Caitlin's ass. Valerie lubricated Caitlin's asshole with her spit before sliding one finger into her pressing it past her sphincter. Valerie pushed it in up to her knuckle and stroked it in and out of Caitlin's nether hole causing her to groan loudly. Valerie then slid a second finger into Caitlin's ass and gently started to pry Caitlin's asshole open. Valerie then pulled Caitlin's cheeks apart and spit on her bum allowing her saliva to dribble into Caitlin's gaping hot asshole and then she probed Caitlin's ass with her tongue. Caitlin almost orgasmed then and there and she marveled in the technique of the wonderfully experienced Valerie. Valerie continued to eat Caitlin's ass for a while longer dipping and probing Caitlin's ass with her tongue. Then Valerie stopped and went over to her bag and retrieved a large strap-on dildo and a tube of lubricant. Valerie slipped on the harness and then snapped the large dildo in place. Valerie approached Caitlin again with the lube in her hands.

Caitlin felt the cool soothing liquid enter her ass as it flowed slowly into her and coated her anal passage. Valerie began to rub the tip of the dildo against Caitlin's ass, teasing her and causing her to push back against fake cock in frustration before Valerie finally pushed it deep into her. Valerie stroked the thick rubber cock slowly and deeply into Caitlin's ass and soon they were both groaning in pleasure. As Valerie thrust deeper and harder into Caitlin's ass, the strap-on base rubbed steadily against her already swollen red clit. Caitlin was moaning loudly now and Valerie's fingers began to strum her clit as she fucked her really deep and hard. Valerie thrust the strap-on into Caitlin harder and harder, stretching her tight ass. The strap-on was rubbing Valerie's swollen clit making it tingle and throb. Valerie knows she was close to her climax and she reached around Caitlin and as she fucked her deep and hard and she teased Caitlin's pussy. Valerie stroked and pinched Caitlin's clit and let her fingers slip into her wet cunt. With a few more thrusts of the strap-on Valerie went over the edge and she came hard; her body trembled in orgasm and her juices ran down the shaft of the dildo and into Caitlin's cunt as well as down her silky thighs. Almost instantaneously, Caitlin was cumming too, her body was quaking and her pussy was gushing. Caitlin's cum gushed all over Valerie's hand and Valerie brought her hand to Caitlin's mouth allowing her to taste herself.

The two of them fell forward on the bed and Valerie whispered in Caitlin's ear, "I have wanted to do that ever since the first time when your ass in that short tight skirt. I have a lot more to show you and we have all night."

Valerie and Caitlin continued their insatiable love making well into the early morning hours. They weren't alone as all of the adults were thrilled to taste new young pussy that night. In each and every room sex was hot and heavy as the adults could not get enough of the insatiable daughters. The association's meeting got off to a great start and by the second day everyone was sexually sated and exhausted. While the mothers and daughters were getting their fill of sex, things were a bit calmer at the Academy.

RACHEL FULFILLS HER LIFE LONG DREAM

For the reminder of the school year Rachel remained at the academy until she graduated. Her parents had divorced and her mother had moved in with her lesbian lovers. Her father never spoke with Rachel again but Brooke remained her lover and saw to it that Rachel was accepted in a prominent girl's college. For the next four years ay college Rachel had many lovers both students and faculty. She lived with Brooke when she was home from college and they remained lovers as well. Rachel graduated with honors which were attributed to both her hard school work and the sexual favors granted to faculty members. 

After graduating from college she returned to the academy and accepted a teaching position that Brooke had created for her. Rachel got her own apartment but she spent many hours with Brooke and other faculty members. Brooke and Rachel remained lovers and they often included other staff members and students in their group sex parties. Rachel was thrilled with her life as she loved working at the academy and she had access to all the female love she desired.

Rachel was 22 years old when she began teaching and for the next 14 years she excelled at everything she did. At the age of 36 she had become a sexual predator as she loved seducing 18 years old students and even some of the student's mothers or relatives. Brooke was now in her mid fifties but she still look good and she was still sexually active. Brooke had prepared her management succession plan which identified Rachel as the heir apparent to run the academy. It would be subject to board approval but then it was Brooke's academy and usually what she said, happened.

No one ever expected Brooke to depart so quickly but when everyone got the news they were devastated. A semi-truck had run a stop sign and hit Brooke's car broadside. She was killed instantly. Everyone was stunned and Rachel was in disbelief. The woman who had mentored her and brought her along in her career as well as being her lifetime lover was dead. As soon as the visitation and funeral were over an emergency board meeting was held. The board acknowledged Brooke's plan and Rachel was appointed interim Principal of the academy. It would take months to sort out the estate but Rachel learned that she was the sole heir and she would inherit the academy.

Rachel's dream had come true, not the way she imagined or wanted but it had happened. Rachel knew that she had to compose herself and demonstrate the leadership that the academy board expected. She would miss Brooke dearly but life had to go on. Rachel would soon be everything that Brooke was to the academy and its staff. Celeste, teacher who Rachel was fond of, was promoted to guidance counselor. Celeste had been intimate with both Rachel and Brooke in the past and she admired Rachel. A year passed and Rachel had demonstrated that she was more than capable of running the academy. That summer more students would apply to the school and Rachel would meet with them and their parents. Rachel looked forward to the incoming crop of 18 year old students and meeting some of their sexy horny mothers.

A NEW SCHOOL YEAR

Celeste age 32 was a pretty brunette who was 5'6" tall with dark brown sexy eyes. She did not have large breasts, a 34 B cup, but they were firm with rock hard extended nipples when she was excited. Celeste had very shapely legs that led up to a marvelous ass that was even more pronounced due to her narrow waist. Her ass was perfectly shaped as it was round and protruded out from the back of her legs. It was so desirable that one always felt the urge touch it. Rachel had made love to Celeste's scrumptious ass many times.

Celeste arrived at the office and Rachel told her to come in and lock the door. Celeste knew immediately what was on Rachel's mind. Rachel took Celeste in her arms and kissed her on the lips. Rachel was very gentle and very tender as she kissed Celeste and Celeste returned the kiss. Soon they were French kissing and Rachel was rubbing her hands over Celeste's breasts through the cotton sweater. Celeste started to moan as her tongue dueled with Rachel's tongue. Rachel steered Celeste over to the sofa and they both sat down on it.

Rachel then lifted the light cotton sweater over Celeste's head and then removed her bra baring Celeste's entire upper body. She lowered her mouth to Celeste's breasts and told her how beautiful her breasts were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Rachel than began her tortuous journey down Celeste's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin. Rachel unsnapped the clasp on Celeste's skirt and slowly pulled it down her hips. Celeste automatically raised her hips to make it easier for Rachel to remove her skirt. Rachel took it off of her legs and tossed it over with the sweater. Rachel's hands then returned to Celeste's panties and she tucked her fingers into the elastic waistband and painstakingly slid them down and off of Celeste's shapely legs. Celeste was now totally naked on the sofa as Rachel stood up to remove all of her own clothes. 
