 Sequel to 'Lynn's Journeys'…

*

"Lynn, these are powerful, girl, really fucking powerful," Ali said, laying the 8x10 glossies down on the desk.

I had showed her a few of the shots that I particularly liked from one of the photo projects that I was working on. 

After I moved to New Orleans, I began shooting pics of the Ninth Ward, pics that showed the despair of its denizens, pics that showed the devastation that surrounded them on every side.

There was no way to escape the horrible reality of their particular situations. Those that didn't move away were reduced to living in those FEMA joke-trailers for the most part, if their homes were not in livable condition.

Sitting outside to relieve the cramped condition of their living arrangements provided no relief or solace. To sit outside was to gaze upon mounds of devastation, still here after what was then, almost two years since Katrina.

No, there was no escape for them; for the brave who sought to rebuild this city, not into what it was but into what it could be, should be. No, there was no escape and yet they were still here.

Against all odds, they were still here.

Those were the glossies that Ali had looked at, gazed at, studied; she was moved by my photos, moved by the emotions that I had hoped the photos would stir up. They had, and I was pleased.

"When I'm through with shooting, I think I'll have enough material to be able to show if they're good enough," I offered as my motivation for the endless hours of work I had already put in on the project.

"Baby, don't even worry about they being good enough; as an artist, I can promise you, they are good enough, and yes, we will have a show for your series, whenever you're ready," Ali said to me, her eyes wet from the welling of tears.

She did see it; she saw the scenes just as I had, and as it had me, it brought forth the tears of an emotional connection to the horribleness of this particular truth.

Life continues to remind the human specie just how much of a 'bitch' she can be.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~