 "Oh baby, I absolutely love it!" Ali exclaimed, referring to my new 'do', my new shorter hairstyle.

One of the things I discovered after moving to New Orleans is that the heat and humidity does not treat my hair well. Frankly, I tired of trying to do something with it every damned day, so off to the salon I went, the one that Ali uses.

If there's a faggier fag than Simon, I can't imagine it. However, this fag knows how to do hair, and I absolutely loved his creation from my mop of hair. The best part? Blow and Go, five minutes tops and I'm done.

"In fact, I just might have him do something similar with mine; sure will make driving with the top down a lot easier to deal with," laughing as she said it.

"Well, grab your scarf because the top is down on mine and we're supposed to meet Sami and Justine at the Gallery shortly," I said to her, moving towards the door to the portico, and my car.

Flying through traffic, we arrived just as the girls did, finding them waiting at the front door for us. Sami models for me and Justine is her classmate who was looking for a part time job for the fall semester.

Sami and Justine's schedules were such that between them, and us, we would be able to staff and work the gallery.

"Hi Ali, Hi Lynn, you remember my friend, Justine?" Sami said in way of greeting us.

"Hi guys, of course we remember Justine; let's go inside and double-check the schedule for the opening next week," Ali said to them as I unlocked the door to our gallery.

It's finally going to happen, 'Lynn's Alley' would open next weekend and we were as nervous as a cat in a dog kennel.

The decision to hire Sami for the gallery was a slam dunk for Ali and I. We both liked her immensely and had grown fond of her since I had started shooting her for one of my projects.

"You're using the one of me that I like so much," Sami said happily when she saw a wall of photo-art that I had hung for the opening.

"That's you?" Justine questioned Sami as she looked at my wall of erotic photographs.

"Not all of them, just these two," Sami said, pointing to her photos.

"Damn, Sami, you're fucking hot," Justine exclaimed, then, "oops, I'm sorry, that slipped out," her face reddening a bit.

Laughing, Ali said that she and I have been known to drop the F-Bomb once or twice, so for her not to worry about it. Ali then reminded us all that with customers, we'd especially have to try to curb our language a bit.

Ya' think?

We took the girls to lunch around the corner from our gallery, made notes and discussed wearing apparel for the opening, yada, yada, yada. Waving goodbye as they got into Justine's car, Ali and I closed the door to the gallery behind us, retreating upstairs to our working space.

 ~ ~ ~ ~