 Fall, in Louisiana, was actually a full season I was to find out. Fall, back home in Minnesota, could be as short as four weeks before we'd get slammed with our first taste of cold and snow.

Not so in N'awlins, I was so pleased to discover; Fall, an actual three month season, who knew?

As Fall inched its way through October, things were going just dandy in our life, thankfully. We brought on another part-timer, a suite-mate of Justine's; a pleasant young woman, Tiff, thus allowing Ali and I to get some time to work on our own art. Sami's behavior on the job had not changed since that first delightful threesome, and in fact, her already stellar performance seemed to have kicked up a notch or two, she seemingly growing very comfortable dealing with the moneyed collectors and investment types.

Not that there was a constant stream of pedestrian traffic in an art gallery, no, it was more about taking inquires from collectors, a lot of computer conversations, and some private showings at night.

So, with the third part-timer, Ali and I decided to take a couple of days to travel the Gulf Coastal regions of Mississippi and Alabama. Mississippi, more than Alabama, had taken a pounding from Katrina on that horrible August night, homes and structures gone in the blink of an eye.

"Before Katrina," Ali was saying as we drove slowly on hwy. 90, the 'old' east-west route that followed the coastline, "there were gorgeous ante-bellum mansions all along this route, homes that were well over a hundred and fifty years old, but lived-in, maintained in pristine condition."

I could see the 'foot-prints' of former home sites, the grass and brick walkways leading from the sidewalks to…nothing; blank spaces that should have been occupied by a structure but lay empty, debris still piled up, in some cases, utter emptiness in others.

"The Casinos are a relatively new thing to the Mississippi coast, and they took a pounding as well," she continued, "but with their deep pockets, filled with the money from people who can't afford to lose it, they were the first to start the rebuilding process."

Along the coast, on the water, Casinos that had already rebuilt and were up and running, had their parking lots filled with vehicles that had driven through the destruction in order to line the pockets of the operators. Some Casinos were almost finished and would be up and running soon; those that had opened had no difficulty finding people willing to throw their hard-earned money down the black hole that gambling provides.

As is usually the case with Casinos, they took far more from a community than it gave back, despite all of the ballyhoo made about providing a larger tax base, school funding, etc.

Again, as is usually the case when a Casino set its claws into a community, the people who could afford it the least, lost the most, and not just monetarily.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~