 "I want to surprise Mark," Jenna was saying to me as we sat on her patio, sharing coffee and bagels. I really wasn't hungry but Jenna insisted so I nibbled enough to be polite as she talked.

"He's been wanting me to do something like this for quite a while," Jenna went on to say, "and since I'm not getting any younger, I thought I'd better do this now while my boobs were still on my chest," laughing at her self-depreciating humor.

Healthy boobs, they indeed were, surely no less than a D-cup, I thought when I saw her that first time, at the gallery. Today, she was wearing a simple blouse, the buttons of which were stretched to their limit by the breasts.

Jenna was thirty-eight but looked younger; five-six, maybe a hundred and twenty pounds, sixty of which had to be her boobs. She later told me, when I asked, that she was a 34-D, outgrowing her training bra when she was eleven. 

Her body was slender, the weight in her muscular, but not overly so, legs and buttocks. She worked out a couple of hours a day, she had told me, and she and Mark were joggers on top of that.

"What specifically did you have in mind," I finally asked, having long since lost hope that she'd get to the point.

"Well, I'd like a tasteful nude body shot, I think," she mused, her face scrunched up a bit, "but I don't think I want my face recognizable, something like you showed at your gallery opening," she finally said, the point having been reached. Yea!

"But," she quickly added, "I'd like it done here, somewhere in our house, you know, to have a familiarity within the photo itself."

"I think that can be done, though my recommendation would be to do a mono-chromatic background, with maybe a throw pillow or two in the shot, the background not distracting from you, from your nakedness," I suggested, adding, "I mean, you really don't want it to look like above-average amateur porn, do you?"

"Oh God, no," she gasped, "I want this to be an artistic photo."

"Then, why don't you trust me on how we do this; we'll use some props from your home, just so that you have that bit of familiarity you spoke of."

"Okay, you're the expert," she said, beaming a bright smile.

