 "Okay, sweetie, now hold that…just like that!"

"Sami, would you turn that rear flood just a tad to the right…..yeah, yeah, just like that."

The shot was exactly as I wanted it, and I shot off five quick exposures in a nano-second.

"Thanks, ladies, everybody take a deep breath, now," I jokingly said to Sami and Jenna.

Jenna was at my studio, above the Gallery, for some more shots, the last in the series that she'll choose from as 'the one' she'll present to Mark for an anniversary gift. She'll have the 'tasteful nude' art photo for their bedroom wall.

Sami asked to help with the shoot so that she could get some practical experience to go with the art classes she's taken at the University. She was of immense help, her 'eye' for shadow and detail very astute.

"Oh, Lynn, that's the one, sugar, that's absolutely the one," Jenna gushed as she went through the series on my computer.

"You sure?" I asked her, again; this was the third 'one' that she had picked.

"Yes, yes, yes," she gushed once more, looking up towards me, as if for confirmation. 

"Okay, then, I'll have it ready for you, in the frame you picked, in a week or ten days, okay?" I answered.

"She's got a great looking body," Sami idly commented as she shut down the lights, rolling up the backdrop, afterwards.

"Yeah, she certainly does," I answered, my eyes fixed on the computer screen, fixed on Jenna's great looking body.

"Would you do her?" Sami asked, walking towards me, her chores done.

"I'm not sure that she's doable, for either of us, but yeah, I'd do her," I answered honestly.

"Yeah, me too," Sami returned, rolling up to my desk in a chair, "I was thinking about how sweet that pussy must taste when we, you, were shooting her today."

"Got you horny now, did she?" I said, my eyes still fixed onto the screen, my mind imagining me between Jenna's legs, sending a feel of dampness to my crotch.

Reaching her hand under my skirt, Sami leaned in and began licking and kissing my ear, the side of my face, her hand softly stroking my dampness through my panties.

"Yeah," she breathed heavily, between kisses to my neck now, "she did and I'd like to rid myself of that feeling," her fingers sliding under my panties, right to my little man, swollen in all his glory.

Sami had become very special to both Ali and I; besides being an ardent playmate with the two of us in our bed, she had also become the only playmate that Ali and I felt it was okay to 'do', without the other of us being there. We came to that decision, one evening, when Ali came home and confessed that after she and Sami closed the Gallery, that they had fucked. She cried when she told me and I held her, and I told her it was alright, and strangely, it was. Since that evening, we've both given in to our carnal urges with Sami and have had one on one sex with her several times.

"I want to eat you," Sami said, her voice muffled by her mouth on my breast, her tongue tracing circles on my exposed nipple. 

All the while she was unbuttoning my blouse and began kissing my breasts, her fingers moved in and out of my pussy with increasing pressure, my eyes were still staring at Jenna's pics, though half-closed now, my breathing getting heavier.

Turning my chair on its swivel, I pulled her head down, between my now-spread legs, telling her, "Then you must do, what you must do, my sweet Sami-girl," my eyes closing as her tongue found my swollen clit.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~