 -15-

"I reneged on my agreement to be part of Clay's birthday present," Ali said to me, over the phone.

"Really?" I questioned, a bit surprised at her decision, "Why?"

"Well, the more I thought about it, the more it seemed cheap and tawdry, and I started feeling cheap and tawdry, as well; and while I might be all of that, it just didn't appeal to me, the more I thought about it," Ali explained.

"You're not cheap or tawdry," I said back to her, a little angry that she thought of herself so, "so stop saying that shit."

"You know what I mean, baby," She answered me.

"Still, stop saying that," I admonished her.

"Okay," was all she said.

"So, did Betty go ballistic on you?" I asked her, my peevishness diminishing.

"Well, she was very disappointed, but I offered her an alternative," Ali continued.

"An alternative?" I questioned.

"Yeah; I suggested that she invite Sharon to lunch and broach her with the offer to help her with Clay's present. I told her that Clay will get very turned on and at some point, he'll want to fuck one or both of us, and that I really have no interest in fooling with cock," she explained, "And I told her that Sharon, on the other hand, wouldn't mind fucking both her and Clay."

"Sharon's going to be pissed at you for telling Betty that," I suggested.

"Nah, Sharon's going to thank me for setting her up," Ali retorted.

"Yeah, but you're the one who wanted to try a trannie with us, to have a 'woman with a cock' in bed with us, so what do you mean that, 'you have no interest in cock'," I asked.

"Still do, baby-girl, but...that's different; it's a cross between a guy and a girl, kind of," she said.

"So, what you're saying is that when you fly out here, you're going to be one, horny little gal," I laughingly said.

"Yeah, I will and that's why I'm coming in a day early, so that I can have a little time with you and Sami before she flies home," She honestly admitted.

I told her of my conversation with Anita, and that if we all hit it off, that we'd have a little playtime, off of the golf course, with Anita while Ali was out here. I also told her that Dani and Mel would probably jump at the chance to party with us, when she was out here.

"So many young pussies," she remarked, "so little time," laughing after she said it.

Well, she wasn't entirely wrong, was she?

  