 "Okay, ladies; just a bit closer…yeah, like that…hold it, hold it……got it!"

Sami and Ramona relaxed but their eyes stay locked with each other for a few seconds longer than necessary, I thought. They were silent as they put on their respective wraparounds, covering their nudity.

"Good session, you guys," I said to them both, "very hot, very sensual," meaning every word as my slightly damp panties would attest to.

Ramona is a full-time student and a photo model in the city; high-end department store model for catalogs, etc, as well as a free-lance model for photographers and artists. She was a junior at a prestigious Women's University here, in the city, and quite a lovely young woman.

She was tall, like Sami, 5'10" or so, with a bit more weight than Sami-girl carried by about 10 lbs or so. Her breasts were fuller and slightly larger, the darkness of her nipples contrasting nicely with the mocha-colored skin of her body.

I had started my second Erotica series and was shooting at night, after the Gallery was closed for the day. Sami, bless her heart, put in a full day at the Gallery and another couple of hours at night as part of my shoot. 

Ramona was the second girl I had used so far, and like the other model, she and Sami were the subjects of my series. Just like when I had shot the first series, I showed no faces, just bodies; full, curves, overlapping arms, or overlapping legs. 

The shot tonight was the first time I had used their faces in profile, or in any way; the shot was full bodied, they leaning against each other, their breasts pressed against the other's, and their lips a millimeter from touching. The contrast between Sami's whiteness and Ramona's blackness showed up so damned well in the viewfinder of the Hassellblad and I hoped the contrast would show up equally well on the black and white, high-contrast film I was shooting with.

"Yes, Lynn, I'd agree; that was a very hot session," Ramona remarked, her eyes still on Sami. 

"Any more shooting tonight?" she asked, her eyes finally breaking from Sami and looking to me, now.

"Nope, I think we'll call it an evening, girls; I'm tired, I'm sure ya'll are tired, and I need to develop the rolls while I still have the energy. Ya'll go home and thanks again for a really good shoot," disappearing into my darkroom with a wave over my shoulder.

Alone, in the darkroom, I stewed about the Maui shop; I stewed about the thoughts, not sure about whether or not if I wanted to be a 'slave' to the business as we had become since opening the Gallery.

I need to talk with Ali, I thought to myself, I need to share my misgivings, the chemicals assaulted my nostrils.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ Author's note…