 "Please raise your tray tables and make sure your seat belt is buckled," the voice said from the speaker above our heads, "Temperature at landing is a balmy, thirty-four degrees, with light snow falling."

We definitely weren't in Hawaii any longer, Toto.

Nat and I had a wonderful time that last week in the Islands; we 'hopped' to the big Island, to the Kona coast for a day, and spent a day on Molokai as well. 

We attended the pig roast in the hills with Pete, Maggie, and friends; getting seriously fucked up on wonderful Maui home-grown. 

I played golf three more times, each with improving scores, and had another delicious fuck-session with Anita before this year's trip was over. 

Nat and I played with each other that last night, sort of like a 'farewell to the Islands' sex-fest, not unpleasant for either of us, not that it ever has been.

And the 'mystery' of the 'unseen voyeur' was solved; well, sort of.

One night, just before our departure, Nat and I arrived home from dinner to find a beautiful bouquet of flowers at our door, with the following note; and I quote:

"We are leaving the islands tomorrow but felt compelled to thank you for providing some wonderful memories for our visit this year. I hope our dog didn't bother you or your friends as you frolicked with each other on the beach, in the water. 

We didn't mean to watch, but once was enough to keep us hoping for repeat performances. We could see you, you just couldn't see us, though a couple of times I could have sworn you were looking right at me as you stared at our telescope.

Perhaps, on a future trip, we might actually meet. Again, thank you for the memories.

Fondly,

Sandra and Rebecca"

Huh! Like a said, we sorta' solved it.

But it was back to the 'real world' for the both of us; her to academia, and I, to the world of business. Those two weeks of wonderfulness did not come without a price; catch-up, after two weeks away from your life, can be a bitch.

Betts had kept the boys and girls of my tech staff moving in the right direction, as she always does in my absence, but there were still 'things' that only I could handle, and I had a pile on them on my desk on the morning of my return.

"See you tomorrow, Lynn" Betts said from my doorway, "and don't stay here all night, you need your rest."

"Yes, Mom" I replied, inwardly glad that Betts was part of my company, part of my life.

I hung it up around eight that evening, not bothering to stop off at O'Malley's; I was tired and just wanted to get home and into my bed, alone. I had returned phone messages from business, as well as my home number, all day it seemed. 

Brie wanted to say welcome back but would be leaving for a three week business trip to Europe.

Dee was off to a yearly meeting with her company and would be gone a week or so.

Jean and Ann were off to Bermuda for a two week jaunt of their own.

Nat called to say thanks, again, for letting her 'tag along' with me, on my yearly trek to the Islands. She loved every minute of it she said, and would call me when she returned from a Dean's conference in D.C., later in the week.

That was peachy keen as far as I was concerned; my nether regions had not been deprived during our vacation, that's for sure, I thought as I crawled under my covers, falling asleep in a New York minute.

 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~