 I got home from work at the usual time. Another long day of sweat and dealing with belligerent people was coming to an end. The sun was closing in on the mountain peak just across from my house. I was happy to be home, ready to shower, and eager to spend time with my wife.

"Baby, I'm home."

My call from the front door went into an empty house. No one yelled back with any greeting of any sort. I simply figured that Randi was at the store or possibly picking something up for dinner, but I called out again.

"Babe? Are you here?" but still no answer.

I looked around the first floor and saw that the house was spotless. I realized that the maid must have come by and I noted she had done a really great job on the place. Then I set my back pack down at the front door, pulled off my shoes, peeled out of my shirt, and threw my dirty clothes about halfway up the stairs. Dressed only in my undershirt and khakis, I made way to the refrigerator for a cold drink. I reached for the door handle on the refrigerator and saw a several-page note clinging to the steel door under a single magnet. I reached up, grabbed the note, and began to read:

____

Hey Babe,

How was your day? Hopefully it went as good as mine, but I doubt it. I got home from the gym and Angelica had already completely cleaned the downstairs. I heard her finishing upstairs, so I figured I would go ahead and take a shower. I wanted to make sure I was cleaned up before you got home just in case you had any energy left after work.

I went upstairs and Angelica was still cleaning our room, so I went to take a shower in the guest bathroom. I finished and got dressed. I went down the hall to blow my hair dry, but Angelica was still in our room. I wondered what the hell she was doing in there, so I opened the door. When I did, I was blown away.

Angelica was waiting. She had cleaned out my closet and she found our play things. I opened up the door and she was standing next to the foot of our bed. She had her hair pulled back into a tight ponytail and she certainly wasn't wearing the same thing that she had come to the house in. She put on my black corset and my knee-high boots. To top it off, she was wearing one of our strapons- the one that you love, the nine-inch one with the leather harness. I know that my jaw dropped because my panties immediately got so wet that I couldn't take it. I must have been in shock because I didn't move at first. I just stood there until Angelica said something.

"Hola."

All I could think to say was "Hola to you, too." I could feel myself smiling. Then she summoned me over with her finger. I was hypnotized. I walked over to her and stood in front of her waiting. I don't think I expected her to give any orders considering she only speaks Spanish, but I was never expecting her to be standing in front of me wearing a strapon. I don't know what I was expecting, but I was so excited that I couldn't wait anymore. I reached up with my hands to the sides of her face and pulled her in for a long kiss. Her tongue was so soft against mine. Her mouth was so warm. 

She reached up to my hands and pulled them down to my sides while we kissed. Then I felt her finger tips running up my arms to my shoulders. Her hands slid softly over the front of my chest down to my breasts. She lightly rubbed my nipples through my shirt. Then she ran her hands down my stomach and grabbed the bottom of my shirt. She broke our kiss and quickly pulled my shirt over my head. I stood there bare, and goose bumps covered my body when she reached up and pinched my nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. She squeezed and played with my nipples until they were so hard that they started to hurt. Then she bent down and took my left nipple into her mouth. She sucked hard for a second before lightly dragging her teeth from the base to the tip of my nipple. Then she kissed her way to my right nipple and did it again. She was driving me crazy with her lips and teeth. Then she pulled back just a tiny bit and licked small, teasing circles.

Her teasing me with her tongue distracted me from her fingers that she hooked into the waistband of my pants and panties. She tugged them down just a little bit before she slid her hand into the front of my panties. Her fingers found my pussy and a tingling shockwave coursed over my body. My heart pounded and my breath staggered. She had a look in her eyes that let me in on her secret. She had completely taken control. I was hers.

She pulled my pussy lips apart and slid her fingers into my slit. I was so wet that she didn't have any problem pushing them deep into me. I was ready to crumble. Then she pulled her fingers out and slowly lifted her wet fingers to my lips. She gave her first order.

"Suck."

I put her fingers in my mouth and began to suck and lick them clean. I could taste how wet my pussy was. Then she pulled her fingers out of my mouth and put them in her own. She sucked and licked just like I had. She moaned and then she squatted down in front of me. She reached up and balled her fists into the sides of my pants and panties. She slowly pulled them down over my hips and down my thighs. I stepped out of my pants and panties. I was completely naked and Angelica stared straight to my pussy before she looked up at me and smiled. She placed her hands on my thighs and pushed her thumbs apart. I opened my legs for her access and she moved her face to my slit. Her warm, wet tongue met the hood of my clit. She licked and sucked hard and I could feel my center swell. Then she tilted her head a little more and shoved the length of her tongue into my hole. She buried it in me and wriggled it much to my delight. I could feel my orgasm building as she licked deeply. I yelled out that I was going to cum just as my body twitched and heaved without control. She kept licking. I kept cumming.

Angelica stood up and turned me around. She gave me a light shove backwards and I fell back onto the bed. She crawled onto the bed in a way that seemed like she was trying to seduce me, even though she already had my cum on her tongue. I moved back to the head of the bed and put my head onto the pillows. She started at my belly button and kissed her way upward, over my breasts, to my neck, and then deeply against my lips. I spread my legs for her, as wide as I would for you when I want you to fuck me. I could feel the head of her dong tickling at my soaking pussy. I wanted so badly for her to push into me, but she didn't. She kissed her way back down again and once again, she buried her tongue into me. The heat of her breath and the flicking of her tongue were nearly too much for me to take. Then she moved her hand in while she licked and began to finger me. First one finger, then two, and then three. She covered her fingers with my juices and lifted her fingers back to my mouth. I sucked them clean once again while she continued to fuck me with her tongue. Then she moved her hands under my knees and lifted them upward. She pushed them high toward my chest and I could feel my ass open. She softly licked her way from my pussy to my ass. She licked in tight circles around my asshole before she pushed her hard tongue into my ass. She licked me deeply and she was driving me absolutely crazy. I begged her.

"Please."

She pulled her tongue from my ass and made way back to my pussy. She continued to lick and fuck me as I felt the tip of her finger dancing around my asshole. Then she pushed her finger into my backdoor and began to pump her finger in and out of my ass while she licked my clit. I came again. This time was harder than the first. I could barely breathe, but I wanted more.

"Please. Please fuck me."

Angelica did not hesitate to fulfill my request. She pulled her face from my pussy and her finger from my ass. She kissed her way back to my mouth. I could taste my cum on her lips and tongue and it made me even wetter. She reached down between us as we kissed and guided the tip of her large rubber cock to the center of my slit. I opened my legs wider begging for her to enter me. She pushed her cock into me and I nearly screamed. The width alone was agonizing. I bit my lower lip as her hips met my inner thighs. She was buried in me with our tongues dancing. Then she pulled back and pumped forward again. I moaned into our kiss and she knew that I was loving every inch of it. She continued to pump and fuck me. She picked up her pace and was quickly slamming into me. I couldn't believe it as I came again. My legs wrapped tightly around her waist and I pulled her into me, holding her in place as I reached another great orgasm.

Angelica pulled her strapon out of me and moved back a little. Then she gave another order.

"Turn over." (I just love her accent- so cute.)

I turned over beneath her and waited. I was wondering if she was going to pull my hips up so she could fuck me doggy style, but she didn't. I heard a bottle of lube pop open and I looked back over my shoulder. She was jerking her strapon and coating it with lube. Another tingle ran over my body when I anticipated what was to come next. I reached back and placed my hands on my ass. I pulled my ass open for her and she purred as she dripped lube onto my ass. She pushed what felt like two fingers into my ass. She made sure that I was nice and wet before she pushed the tip of her giant dong into my hole. I moved my hands under my breasts and clinched my fists tightly into the sheets. I bit down hard on the pillow and closed my eyes tightly as the length of her shaft buried into my ass. I burned with delightful pain before I relaxed. She must have felt me relax because that is exactly when she started pushing into me harder and harder. I felt eight of the nine inches withdraw all the way to the tip, then slam back into me hard. The fronts of her hips met my ass cheeks with a loud slap. She did it over and over. I didn't think I was going to be able to cum again, but I could feel it building inside me as she fucked me harder and faster. Then her hands slid under my shoulders and I felt her breasts push tightly into my back as she humped my ass. I felt her body tense and the pace of her breath stammered. She moaned into my ear as I felt her body twitch and I knew that the base of the dong had rubbed her clit the way that it had done so many times to mine. I loved the feel of her cumming into my ass as she fucked me from behind.

Her orgasm subsided and she laid there for a moment, her rubber cock pushed deep into my ass, her body twitching with delight, and both of us trying to catch our breath.

Now, Baby, if I know you... well, you are standing in the kitchen reading this with a raging hard on. All I can say is hurry up and get upstairs. 

____

I dropped the note on the counter and ran up the stairs. I opened the door to our bedroom and there was Randi and Angelica. Angelica had changed into a red teddy, thigh-high red stockings, and black patent leather high heels. Randi was wearing a black lace braw, garters, thong, thigh-high stockings, and her knee-high boots. Both of them finished off their outfits with large rubber cocks sticking out from their leather harnesses. I looked them over and smiled. They smiled back and summoned me over with their fingers. Randi teased, "We've been waiting for you."