 "Jenny," I heard Mrs Draycott call, "I don't want to be a nuisance, but do you think you could spare me a moment?"

I walked across the large hallway and entered the lounge where my employer was laying on the couch.

"I've slipped down a little." she said in her soft husky voice "Do you think you could help me up."

I walked over to her and smiled "Of course Mrs Draycott, lift your arms."

I leaned over her and she put her arms around my neck and I placed my own under hers and linked my hands behind her back.

"1, 2, 3, lift" I said and together we moved a few inches towards the end of the couch to make her much more comfortable.

She was now in a sitting position and as we released our arms from each other she gave me a sweet smile and thanked me.

"I don't know where the nurse has got to," she said, "I gave the agency strict instructions that she should be here before it was time for you to leave. I so dislike putting you out, especially after everything that you have done for me these past few months."

"Don't worry about it Mrs Draycott," I replied, "I haven't anything of importance planned for this evening. I'm quite happy to stay until the nurse arrives." 

I didn't want to upset her by letting on that I had plans to meet Pam, my closest friend. Although we kept making these plans something always seemed to pop up at the last moment to dash them. It had been several weeks since our last meeting and we had so much to catch up on.

Mrs Draycott looked at me as I brushed the creases out of my uniform. "You were a marvel this afternoon Jenny, I think everybody was impressed. I didn't think that I would be able to take my turn with the afternoon club meetings but, of course, I hadn't taken into account your ability to handle almost any situation. Mrs Davison was most impressed and believe you me it takes an awful lot to impress her!"

We both laughed. Mrs Davison is what can only be described as an out and out snob, always having to have the best of everything and then making sure that everybody knows that she has it. However, since Mrs Draycott's accident she has always been on hand to help in any way that she can, probably more than anyone else. Her assistance had been invaluable during the first few weeks.

Mrs Draycott looked at me as I stood beside her.

"You've got such a lovely smile Jenny." she told me. "If we could bottle it we'd make a fortune."

I just smiled again. I didn't know what to say.

I walked back out of the lounge and across the hall to the kitchen to check on the dishwasher. 

I had worked for Mrs Draycott for about four years, since I was fourteen. To begin with I used to help her at weekends and when I reached sixteen she offered me a full time job when I told her that I didn't want to stay on at school.

At first my parents weren't very pleased with the prospect of their daughter working as a domestic help but after a few weeks of seeing how happy I was in my job, coupled with the fact that Mrs Draycott paid me a very good wage they accepted it. In fact they themselves became fairly close to Mrs Draycott and her husband, often being invited to dinner parties and suchlike. Mrs Draycott was also very considerate on such occasions by not asking me to work when my mum and dad were present.

All of the socialising stopped after the accident. Mr and Mrs Draycott had spent the evening with their daughter and her husband and had left for home in the most happiest of moods after being told that they were, for the first time, shortly to become grandparents.

Exactly what happened nobody is entirely sure. The police concluded that as Mr Draycott was driving down a main road,a large van had pulled out of a side road into his path. He had no chance of avoiding an accident and ran straight into the side of the offending vehicle at a fairly high speed. Mr Draycott was killed instantly and his wife was left with very little use of her legs. She still has full feelings in the lower half of her body but has very little control over her lower limbs, although after much and continuing therapy, she was making very good progress and the doctors looking after her had high hopes that one day she would again be able to walk unaided. That day however was still far in the distant future.

The driver of the van escaped without a scratch. Blood tests proved that Mr Draycott, despite having one or two celebration drinks was well within the legal drink driving limit, but the other driver had more than twice the legally allowed amount.

I made myself a coffee and as was normal also made one for Mrs Draycott. I took both cups into the lounge and placed them on the coffee table in front of where she was laying and sat in the chair opposite.

She thanked me and told me that I could change out of my uniform if I wanted to. I told her that I would wait until I was ready to go home. As I glanced at her I noticed that she was looking up my short dress. My heart skipped a beat and my ears suddenly became very hot. I found myself parting my legs a little further knowing that she would get a clear view of my panties. She didn't move her eyes, and feeling rather turned on by her looking at me, I parted my legs just a little further.

Up until today I had normally worn my own clothes for work but Mrs Draycott thought it would be good fun if we 'went for it' this afternoon and put on a bit of a show for the other members of her afternoon club.

She of course asked me if I would mind wearing a proper maids uniform for the afternoon and, after thinking about it, I thought it might be a quite a giggle to do so. We looked through various clothing catalogues to see if we could find anything suitable but didn't have any luck. Then, one day when I was walking through town I saw a French Maids uniform in a 'fancy dress' shop window. 'Perfect' I thought to myself and went inside and purchased it.

It is the traditional black with white lace trimmings. The dress hemline is a little short and looked a little out of place with my slim legs but Mrs Draycott suggested that I buy some black stockings to compliment it. I did so and now I looked like the sluttiest French Maid that you could ever wish to meet.

I looked over to Mrs Draycott laying on the couch. She was almost dozing, her eyes obviously becoming very heavy. We both have rich red, mine is cut short but hers flowed over her shoulders and almost covered her small breasts. That is one of the many things we have in common, small breasts. I am 34A and I think she is about the same. She is a tall, slim and very attractive middle aged lady. Although I am about two or three inches shorter than her we are of a very similar build. 

She suddenly opened her big green eyes and looked over to me.

"You look very cute in your uniform," she said, breaking into a smile, and again glanced up my dress, "Maybe you should wear it all the time."

"Would you like me to?" I asked her.

"No, I wouldn't dream of making you wear it all the time." she replied.

"But you haven't answered my question," I said, "Would you like me to wear it all the time?" I didn't know what made me ask her but for some reason I wanted yes to be her answer.

"Perhaps I would. In fact, yes, I would like it if you wore it all the time, but as I said, I'd never make you wear it. Today was just for a laugh, but you do look cute in it. There is one small change that I think should be made though." she said.

"And what would that be?" I asked.

"I don't think that you should wear a bra under it."

"Pardon?"

"I think you should wear it without a bra next time, if there is a next time. The material of the dress is so thin your bra outline shows through, it would look much nicer without that."

Before I could comment the doorbell rang. I placed my empty coffee cup on the table and went to answer the door.

When I opened it I was presented with a rather attractive looking lady in a nurses uniform. She seemed to be in her mid forties, about six feet tall of slender build and with long black hair. She looked rather surprised to see me standing there in my uniform.

I don't know why but I decided to slip back into the part that I had played during the afternoon.

"Good evening," I said, "Madam is expecting you. Would you please walk this way." 

I ushered her into the hallway and closed the door behind her. She then followed me to the lounge. 

I lightly tapped on the door before stepping in.

"Madam, your nursing help has arrived."

Mrs Draycott had obviously realised that I was play acting again as she said, "Thank you Jennifer, would you show her in please?"

"Certainly madam." I replied before turning to the nurse and saying, "Madam is ready for you now." I then beckoned her into the room.

As she walked over towards Mrs Draycott I said, "Will that be all for this evening madam?"

Mrs Draycott replied, "Yes thank you Jennifer. You get off home now and I'll see you in the morning."

"Thank you madam." I replied. 

I stepped back through the door and closed it behind me.

I made my way to my room but instead of taking off my outfit I grabbed my normal clothes and placed them into a carrier bag before putting on my coat. I picked up the bag and headed out of the house.

When I arrived home I noticed the light flashing on the telephone answering machine to indicate that a message had been left.

"Hi Jenny, Pam here. I'm afraid I can't make it tonight, Mum wants me to drive her over to Grans. I'll call you over the weekend. Bye."

I was a little disappointed by the message but decided to take a bath and have an early night.

I removed my coat and hung it in the closet before heading to my bedroom, taking the bag containing my clothes.

I took them out, placed my blouse into the laundry basket together with my black stockings, folded my skirt and laid it onto the chair beside my bed. I walked over to the bathroom and started running my bath. I returned to my bedroom and as I entered I saw myself in the full length mirror standing by the opposite wall.

I could see what Mrs Draycott meant when she said that my bra showed through my uniform. I undid the row of buttons that ran down the front, slipped out my arms, reached behind and undid the clasp of my bra and removed it. I slipped my arms back in the dress, re-buttoned it and looked into the mirror. It looked much better, but because of my small breasts it still little loose 'up top'. I decided that I would carry out a few alterations after I had bathed.

I had a nice long soak in the tub and decided to tidy up my pussy hair as I lay there, all the time thinking of Mrs Draycott looking up my dress. It was a few weeks since I had trimmed down there and it had become a little untidy. I stepped out of the bath and took my razor and shaving foam from the cupboard above the hand basin. In truth it wasn't my shaving foam but my fathers. I often wondered what he would have thought if he knew that I was using it to trim my pussy hairs!

I stepped back into the bath and sat on the side. I took the cap off the tin of foam and squirted a liberal amount onto my hand and then rubbed it over my hair. I started to carefully shave down the sides and then across the top until I thought it looked about right. I rinsed off the excess foam, got off the side of the bathtub and stepped out. I walked over to the doorway of my bedroom to check in the mirror that my handy-work looked o.k. It did look nice and neat but as I hadn't tidied it up for a while the remaining hair had grown rather thick and bushy. I walked over to my bedside cabinet and took out my battery trimmer before returning to the bathroom.

Once there I turned it on and carefully started to trim down the length of what remained of my bush. After a couple of minutes I had trimmed it to what I thought looked nice and neat and returned to look into the mirror to inspect it. I looked at my reflection. I ran my fingers through my hair and twirled it around. I turned round and went back to the bathroom.

Without thinking I picked up my trimmer and started to mow away the rest of my hair. It didn't take long before I was left with just a covering of short stubble and a bathroom carpet covered in a layer of ginger pubic hair.

I got back into the bath tub and rinsed my pussy before I lifted myself back onto the side of the tub.

I took another handful of foam and rubbed it into the stubble and then carefully shaved it all away. I slipped back into the water and rinsed myself off.

After drying myself and cleaning up the bathroom I returned to my bedroom. I looked into the mirror and couldn't believe what I had just done. My pussy was completely bald and smooth. I walked closer to the mirror. I had never fully shaved myself before and the sight of my reflection and the never ending thought of Mrs Draycott looking up my dress had an incredible effect. I felt really horny.

Still naked I picked up the maids uniform and took it into the lounge. I love walking around the house naked but don't get much chance to do so. When the opportunity arrives I always try to take it up. As my mum and dad were away for a couple of days I knew I would be safe from being caught.

Using the contents of my mum's sewing basket and her sewing machine I spent the next couple of hours making alterations to the garment. She had encouraged me from an early age to learn the art of needlework and when it came to a job like the one I was attempting it was simplicity in itself. 

I took it in a little at the sides and after a couple of fittings I was more than satisfied with the result. However, I didn't like the high front so I converted it into a 'V', disposing of the top five buttons.

I slipped it on and went to look in my mirror. The 'V' was wide at the top and finished low revealing a glimpse of the flesh of my small breasts. The bottom of the 'V' was met by the remains of the row of closely positioned buttons which continued down the front of the dress to just below my waist. The top was now a very nice fit so I thought that I would have no problems with 'holding myself in'.

I slipped my hand up the front of the dress and rubbed my pussy. Since shaving it I couldn't keep my prying fingers from caressing it. 

I took the uniform off, climbed into bed and slipped off to sleep after a very long play with myself, helped by the memory of Mrs Draycott looking at me continuing to turn me on.

I was up bright and early the next morning and had a shower before making myself a coffee. I took this into my bedroom and started to dress.

I took a pair of white silky panties from my drawer together with a new pair of black stockings. I put on my suspender belt and as I sat on the side of my bed I pulled the stockings over my legs. As I stood I caught my reflection in the mirror. Apart from the stockings I was naked and the sight of my bare pussy above them gave me a warm glow.

I slipped on my panties and my maids dress, straightened it out and went into the lounge. I collected the few things that I needed for the day, put my coat on and headed out of the front door to start my short walk to work.

Within a few minutes I was letting myself into Mrs Draycott's. I had my own keys to the house and that morning I had decided to use the back entrance.

I was met by the nurse who was sitting at the kitchen table finishing off a cup of coffee. She immediately offered me a cup and I gratefully accepted.

I slipped off my coat and hung it on the hook behind the door before sitting at the table with her. We introduced ourselves to each other as there hadn't been any time to do so the previous evening.

She told me her name was Michelle and that she had only just started working for the nursing agency and that she would probably be taking over as Mrs Draycott's full time nurse. I told her that my name was Jennifer but decided not to tell her much else, but to wait and see what she had learned from Mrs Draycott.

"Did madam have a good night?" I asked.

"Yes, a very good one." was the reply. "She went off to sleep almost as soon as I put her to bed and didn't wake until just after seven. I helped her into the bathroom where she spent about fifteen minutes. When she had finished she said that she would like to return to her bed for a while as she was still feeling very tired. She seems a very nice lady, very pleasant. I did have one problem though."

"Oh," I replied, "What was that?"

"I didn't know how to address her. I heard you call her madam so I did the same. I think I did right. I haven't had to call any of my patents madam before, it didn't seem right at first, but after a few times it just seemed natural."

"You did exactly the right thing." I told her. I wondered if Mrs Draycott had enjoyed carrying on the play acting.

After Michelle had left I made breakfast as usual. The nurse normally helped Mrs Draycott dress in the morning but I told Michelle I would let her sleep in for a while as she didn't have much planned for the day and that the previous day had been very tiring for her.

Normally we ate breakfast together in the dining room but that morning I decided to take Mrs Draycott's to her room. I placed her boiled eggs and toast and a small pot of tea onto a bed-tray and made my way to her bedroom. I stopped outside her door and put the tray onto the floor. I reached into my pocket, removed my lacy hat and placed it on my head.

I picked up the tray, gently knocked on her door and then entered her room.

I placed the tray on the table at the bottom of her bed and walked over to the window and opened the curtains.

"Good morning madam," I said as I heard her stir in her bed. "It's a beautiful morning, the sun is shining and there's not a cloud in the sky."

I think she was a little taken aback by what I had just said.

"Good morning Jenny, er, Jennifer." she replied.

"Would madam like me to lift her up the bed?"

"Yes, thank you Jennifer."

The sun was streaming through the windows, lighting her bedroom with a golden glow. She looked over to me and realised for the first time that I was wearing the maids uniform. A smile drifted across her face.

I walked to the side of her bed, helped her lean forward and plumped up her pillows. I then put my arms under hers and helped her up the bed. As I did so I could feel her breath on my bare chest. I instinctively looked down and noticed that the front of my dress, despite my alterations, was hanging forward. Because of the position she was in, Mrs Draycott was being treated to a view down my dress. I felt a twinge in my nipples as I realised that she was actively taking in the view. In fact she moved her head slightly forward to enhance it. I kept my position for a little longer than was required. I was getting turned on by the thought of her looking down my dress.

When I moved away I turned the top of bed cover down to her waist and placed the bed-tray across her lap.

She was wearing a thin pink nightdress. A ribbon was laced through eye holes along the opening at the front, starting just above her waist. It was topped with a neatly tied bow. Although not tight, the garment allowed the lovely shape of her body to show through. I could clearly see the point where her nipples touched the material. I noticed that one of her pillows was starting to slip so I moved back towards her. I asked her to lean forward so that I could adjust it. I wanted to try and get a glimpse down the front of her nightdress. She leaned forward and I looked but it was being held in place and I couldn't see anything.

"Will that be all madam?" I asked.

"Yes thank you Jennifer," she replied with a smile on her face. "I'll ring when I need you. Go and get on with your other duties."

"Thank you madam." I said, knowing just as well as Mrs Draycott that my 'other duties' included eating my breakfast and reading the newspaper.
