 This story protected by Copyright and may not be published in any forum or medium without permission of the author.

*

She was tall and statuesque, her hair in a bun. I had met her type before, trying to appear strong and domineering by flexing their Executive muscle. 

Management change was nothing new for me. I had watched new department heads come and go with regularity. I didn't fear a new boss like the other employees did. The company needed me because I was their biggest producer. I made them money...lots of money. As long as I was one of their best sales people, I felt bullet proof, secure in my job. 

When Marlene Nelson called me into her office for a cursory introduction, my haughty attitude was apparent. It initially had the desired effect...it clearly unnerved her. 

It didn't take long, however, for her to regain her composure. As she leaned back in her executive chair, I took notice of her physical attributes. It was obvious she was extremely attractive, hiding a voluptuous body under her conservative business suit. She was also relatively young for an Executive, early thirties I guessed. I sensed she wasn't intimidated by me, not like the last two managers who sat at her desk. 

I was, however, equally confident in my own stature within the firm. both as a sales producer and as a sexy, attractive female. Nothing conservative about me. I liked the attention I received from my co-workers and I dressed to maximize it. I was all business though. I never dated anyone I worked with. I was aware they referred to me as a prick teaser...well deserved I suppose. 

"I understand you're the biggest producer in the department, Sandra," she said. "Is it Sandra or Sandi?" 

"Sandra," I answered. "I don't like being called Sandi. And yes, I am the biggest producer and have been for the past three years. I make a lot of money for this firm. You should take that into consideration when you read my request for a raise. I don't feel I'm fairly compensated for my performance here." 

"I see," she said. "And if you're not compensated as fairly as you think you should be, what is the alternative?" 

I wasn't prepared for that question. There wasn't supposed to be an alternative. I should get the raise...period. That's the way the game was played. I didn't understand why this bitch was suddenly putting me on the spot. She should have been groveling, giving in to my demands. Did she really think there was an alternative? 

My ego was as big as the raise I was requesting. Without thinking I boldly blurted out: "I guess I would have to consider taking my talents elsewhere." 

I'm sorry you feel that way," she said.calmly. "I'm sure you'll be sorely missed around here." 

I was stunned. "What...what do you mean?" I asked nervously. "You...you mean you're willing to let me go just like that? You can't be serious. I make more money for this company than the rest of the sales staff combined. I also know the head of this division personally and he would never allow you to let me go over a meager raise.."

"I can and I just did, Sandeee," she said sarcastically. "You can finish out the day if you like or you can leave right now. It's up to you." 

Suddenly I wasn't so full of myself any more. I made a hundred and fifty thousand a year. Was I being too greedy with my raise request? 

She interrupted my thoughts. "Was there anything else?" she asked. 

"Uh...I don't understand," I said, my voice quivering. "I didn't say I was quitting. I like my job here. I have friends here. And Mr Pyle, the division vice president told me that ...." 

"I don't care what Mr Pyle told you," she quipped. "No one makes demands of me. No one is indispensable." 

"Forget my raise request," I said, trying to retreat. "I love my job here. Really, I'm satisfied with my present salary. I'm sorry if I mislead you about my intentions." 

She leaned back in her chair and smiled. "Tell you what I'll do, Sandee. I'll think about it over night and let you know tomorrow whether you still have a job here. That's all...get back to work." 

I stumbled to my feet, grimacing from the pain in the pit of my stomach. She was dismissing me like I was a piece of shit. 

"Oh, by the way," she said just as I reached the door. "I rather like the way you dress. You like to flaunt it don't you. Are you the office slut?" 

She was adding insult to injury."No...no I'm not," I muttered. 

"Then you must be the office prick teaser," she snickered. "Well, I won't hold that against you in my decision. Now get the fuck out of here and back to work." 

Back in my office I tried to compose myself. I was shaking like a leaf...tears falling on my expensive silk blouse. Then I became angry...mad at my lack of backbone...mad at the new bitch boss and her total lack of respect for me. 

I picked up the phone and called Kyra, a friend and client in a firm downtown. I'd show that bitch, I thought to myself. 

"Kyra, this is Sandra. How are you today?" 

"Fine, I'm fine," Kyra answered, her voice sounding oddly strained 

"Listen, Kyra. You know how you are always recruiting me to come to work for you. Well this is your lucky day. I'm ready to take you up on your offer." 

The phone line became eerily silent. I didn't understand. "Kyra, are you still there?" I asked. "Did you understand what I said? I'm ready to take you up on your offer." 

"I heard you," she said. "Unfortunately I can't help you. I received a call from your new boss this morning. She informed me in no uncertain terms that if any of her employees tried to defect over to us and we hired them she would stop doing business with us. You know your company is our biggest supplier. I can't afford to call her bluff. If she cut us off...."

I couldn't believe it. "She...she can't do that," I cried. "That has to be illegal or something. You can't blackball someone in this day and age. Who the hell does she think she is?" 

"I don't know if it's illegal or not," Kyra said. "It certainly is effective though. And if I were you I wouldn't bother to call any of the other firms where you have contact with. I think she's put the word out to everyone. From what I understand she apparently doesn't have to answer to her boss either. Mr Pyle may be your division Vice President but apparently she doesn't have to answer to him. Someone has given her a lot of power."

I hung up the phone feeling thoroughly dejected. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. I was making more than a hundred fifty thousand dollars a year. Now there was a possibility I might not have a job. I didn't have any investments or savings. I had spent it as fast as I made it.

Later that night, while trying to relax in my comfortable, luxurious Condo, I slowly became overwhelmed by the possibility of losing it all. I began crying uncontrollably. 

Picking up the phone, I phoned Mr Pyle at his home. It was inconceivable for me that a man in his position with the company would not have a say in a matter like this. 

He answered the phone. "Mr Pyle, this is Sandra. I'm sorry to bother you at home but I need to talk to you about something important. I don't know if you are aware of it but....." 

"Yes, I'm aware of what happened to you today, Sandra," he said. "Unfortunately there is nothing I can do about it. Your new boss, Miss Nelson, was sent here by the President of the company. I was instructed not to interfere with her. I'm not sure what her agenda is but they've left me out of the loop. I'm not sure of my own position any more."

"But doesn't my track record mean anything?" I ask tearfully. "My sales surpass everyone . Doesn't that mean anything?" 

"The company is appreciative of what you've done, Sandra. But the President is a strong believer in never allowing the tail to wag the dog. Threatening to quit unless you received a raise is tantamount to blackmail. He won't stand for it. I'm sorry...there is nothing I can do." 

I hung up the phone feeling more dejected than ever. I could see my nightmare coming true. ------------------------------------ 

When I arrived at work the following morning there was a note on my desk to report to Miss Nelson's office. I poured myself a cup of coffee, my hands trembling from fear and stress. Trying to act as self assured as possible, I entered her office. 

"Good morning, Sandee," she said sarcastically. "You're looking exceptionally sexy this morning." 

I thought it odd she would call me sexy. I wondered if she was one of those lesbians, like the dykes who were always whistling at me on the streets. She certainly didn't look like a dyke.

"I've thought about your situation and this is what I've decided," she began. "Your money making skills are impressive. But, for me to allow you to stay, I need to add to your responsibilities. Are you willing to take on additional task?" 

"God yes," I said, breathing a sigh of relief. 

I didn't care what she wanted me to do. All I cared about was not losing that fat paycheck every month. That's all I wanted to hear. 

"You might change your mind when I tell you what I need for you to do," she said. 

I didn't care. Whatever it was it couldn't be as bad as not being able to pay my mortgage payment...or have my Mercedes repossessed. 

"Okay, here's the offer. Every Saturday, from eight in the morning until I dismiss you, you'll be my personal maid. You'll come to my apartment and clean it, wash my linens and personal items. You will also be responsible for my dry cleaning. Do you think you can handle that?" 

I thought she was joking. I waited for the punch line,,,it never came. She was as serious as I was humiliated. My pride told me to walk out, not to succumb to her insane demand. But the fear of being broke, losing the condo I worked so hard to buy was a great motivator. I tried to think of a way out of her selfish, illegal demands. 

"Every Saturday? I mumbled humbly. "Be your maid? How can you ask me to do this? Maybe I should talk to Mr Wylie first. This sounds illegal."

"Sure," she said. "By all means, call him. But make sure he knows he's talking to a former employee. Or, if you want, you can retain an attorney and sue the company. Shouldn't cost you more than two, maybe three hundred dollars and hour. Knock yourself out, Sandeeee." 

The bitch called my every bluff. I was losing my confidence in playing hard ball with her.

"When...when do I start?" I asked shamefully. 

"Well, tomorrow is Saturday. That's as good a time as any to start. I'll give you a key to let yourself in. Make sure you're quiet. I sleep in on Saturdays." 

She handed me a small plastic bag. I stared inside it, feeling numb. To my horror there was a maid's uniform, all neatly pressed and crisp. She actually wanted me to wear a maid's uniform! 

"I...I can't wear this," I said, my voice quivering. "Isn't it enough that you're humiliating me. Wearing this would be so demeaning. I won't....." 

"You will wear it," she said sternly. "You're not a guest in my home nor are you a friend. You're the maid and you'll dress appropriately. Do you understand?" 

Almost in tears I nodded. I could sense the wrath in her voice. 

"Okay, that's settled. Now get your ass back to work. Make us some money today." 

And just like that she dismissed me again. I walked back to my office, my pride, my ego in shambles. What would the office staff think of me if they found out? I felt devastated. ------------------------------------ 

I showed up at her Condo next morning precisely at eight. I let myself in. Her apartment was beautiful, much larger than mine. It reeked of money and class, from the furniture to the art on the wall. Thank god it was neat and clean and would only need a minimum of cleaning. 

I didn't know where to start. There were a few dishes in the sink. I washed them and put them away. 

"I see you're on time." Her voice startled me. "I woke up early today. Since I'm up let me show you around." 

I followed after her down a long hallway. The master bathroom was breath taking. There was a large oval bed in the center with mirrors on every wall. There was even a large circular mirror on the ceiling above the bed. 

She pointed to the master bath off to the side. "There's a hamper in there with my dirty clothes," she said. "Mostly panties. The bathroom need to be cleaned. You can start in there. Oh, and down at the end of the hall there's a utility room where the washer and dryer are located." 

I never experienced such shame. The reality of my situation hit me full force. I hung my head, staring at the floor. 

"By the way," she said, "Do you know how to cook? I could use a hearty breakfast this morning." 

"Uh...yes...yes, I can cook," I said submissively. 

"Good. Follow me." 

In the kitchen I peered into her fridge, finding eggs and bacon. As I began preparing her breakfast she sat at the dining room table reading the morning newspaper. 

Her robe hung open displaying her large breast. It disturbed me that she would expose herself like that. It was equally disturbing that I felt compelled to steal glances at them. She dressed so conservative at the office, I found it odd she would displayed herself so openly to me.

"That uniform fits you like a glove," she said as I served her breakfast. "The skirt could have been a little shorter, though." 

I couldn't believe she was serious. The black skirt was so short my thighs above the top of my thigh high stockings were exposed. And the blouse...so shear my bra was clearly visible. I had to wear a trench coat just to cover myself while coming here! 

The apron was a joke...small and white, barely covering my waist. And she thought the skirt wasn't short enough? Maybe, I thought, she was a lesbian after all. 

While she ate breakfast I returned to the master bath. The small hamper was full, almost entirely made up of panties. The pile was a rainbow of colors, all thongs and bikinis. As I sorted them, I noticed that a number of them were quite soiled...soiled as in nasty soiled. Apparently her sexual life was quite active. 

After stripping her bed, I bundled everything up and went in search of the utility room. Once I had the first load going, she yelled from the kitchen.

"Draw me a bath, Sandra. With lots of bubbles...okay."

I made my way back to the master bath, turning the water on in the tub. It was absolutely demeaning but I felt trapped.

"Nothing like a hot bubble bath," Marlene said as she slipped up behind me. "I'll bet you'd like to be home soaking in a tub yourself right now wouldn't you." 

It was a cruel comment, as if she was deliberately trying to make me feel worthless. It was working.

She removed her robe, shamelessly flaunting her nakedness to me. Red faced, I looked away as she climbed into the tub. 

I made my way back to the kitchen to clean up the breakfast dishes. I couldn't stop the tears. 

"SANDEEE, come in here. Hurry, I need your help." 

Back down the hallway I went. She was lounging in the tub, her body hidden by the mass of bubbles. 

"Do me a favor and wash my back," she said, acting very coy. 

She was pushing me too far. "I'm not washing your back," I said defiantly. "I should never have agreed to this maid thing. You're being purposely cruel. Why do you enjoy humiliating me." 

"I'd also enjoy firing you Sandra. If you want to leave be my guest. Just don't bother showing up at work Monday morning. I already have someone in mind to replace you." 

My financial situation forced me to swallow my pride. She never left me any wiggle room. 

She picked up on my hesitation, leaning forward in the tub to expose her back. Shamefully, I reached into the tub, finding the sponge. I hated her when she smiled, gloating.

"Now do my breasts," she said softly as she leaned back in the tub. 

It was difficult not to notice how large and flawless they were. Her nipples grew as I sponged them. Suddenly her knees appeared up above the bubbles, spreading wide.

"After you wash my pussy you can finish washing my clothes," she whispered. "Scrub it good. I may get lucky today and I don't want it smelling like a fisherman's wharf." 

I choked back the tears as my hand slipped between her legs, sponging her crotch. I scrubbed her hard, trying to hurt her. She moaned, licking her lips suggestively. I was now convinced she was trying to seduce me. 

"Oh my, Sandra," she moaned. "You like to play rough don't you. That's alright. I like my pussy nice and pink when I'm out trolling for a date." 

I couldn't breathe, gulping for air. She laughed when I ran from the bathroom gasping. I stood out in the hallway trying to pull myself together. 

I finally retreated to the utility room, placing her panties and bedding into the dryer. I stayed there, wanting to avoid any more contact with her. 

Within the hour I heard the door slam as she left the apartment. I immediately made my way back down the hall to her wet bar and mixed myself a drink. I needed several to numb the pain of my shame. 

By the time I slipped off the bar stool to check the dryer, I was clearly feeling the effects of the booze. I staggered down the hall, retrieving the clean wash. After putting the panties away and making the bed, I was free to leave. I decided to have one more drink for the road. 

I lost track of time. Marlene returned, catching me drinking her booze.Her arms were loaded down with packages from an obvious shopping spree. But she returned with more than packages. A young blue eyed blonde followed close behind, still wearing a name tag identifying the department store where she worked. Apparently Marlene was bringing the young sales clerk home with her too. It confirmed my suspicion...she was a lesbian.

"So, I see you're still here," she said snidely. "And drinking up my booze without permission. I may have to punish you you slutty bitch." 

I was so inebriated I didn't care what she did to me. What could she do to demean me any more than she already had.

Turning to the young girl, she said: "Amber, this is my maid. Looks like she's taking advantage of me doesn't it. Sitting down on the job, drinking my booze. What do you think I should do about it?" 

"I...I don't know," the young blonde mumbled. 

"What the hell. It's her first day. Maybe I'll give her a break. I might even let her watch. How about it Sandee. Would you like to watch Amber lick my pussy?"

"Uh...I'm...I'm not sure about this,"Amber mumbled nervously. "I've never really done anything like this before." 

"I know, dear," Marlene said sweetly. "But you've always wanted to be a bitch in training haven't you. Isn't that why you're here?" 

"Yes ma'am," Amber whispered submissively. 

I felt like I was going to be sick. I decided to leave, stumbling from the bar stool. 

"Stay where you're at," Marlene hissed at me. "You're not going anywhere. Do you understand?" 

I slipped back onto the stool, reaching for my drink. 

"Remove your blouse and skirt," she ordered Amber. "Watch, Sandra. You're going to see a nice tight body. Who knows, maybe it will turn you on. Maybe you'll even learn something about yourself." 

Through blurry eyes I watch as the young girl stripped. She wasn't wearing a bra. It didn't matter, her breast were small, like a little girl. She looked even younger naked. 

"My god, Marlene," I gasped. "She's just a child. Why are you doing this to her?" 

She ignored me, moving toward the young girl. She stroked the girl's crotch through her white bikini panties. The teen looked at me and moaned. 

"You have to stop this," I demanded as I stumbled from the bar stool again. This is wrong."

"Get the hell out of here," Marlene hissed. "I'll deal with you Monday." 

I grabbed my trench coat and staggered out of the apartment. Somehow I drove home without incident. I was sick by the time I reached the inside of my condo. I threw my guts up before passing out on the sofa. What a mess my life was in. 
