 A Mistress and Charlotte Playdate

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With Benefits

*

Author's Note

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The main characters in this story are a couple in a dominant-submissive relationship. It is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. But if this type of relationship is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read. I have plenty of nice romances that I have written as well.

Enjoy,Wax Philosophic

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

I'm hoping you have all had a chance to read the story of how Charlotte and I first met. It's on this site under the title of 'Girl Friday' in case you haven't. It's a sweet little love story and it explains a lot about how our relationship started. I've been told it's rather steamy too. I blame Charlotte for that, for she truly is a little vixen. Then again, that's just one of the many reasons why I love her so much.

This tale picks up a couple of years later.

Love & Kisses,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

Charlotte was supposed to do the introduction, but she's a little tied up right now drying my unmentionables, so I guess I'll do it. You see, Charlotte and I are very busy most days. I work full-time during the week, and while I do get to work from my home office, it can be at some rather odd hours of the day. Add to that the fact that Charlotte is back in school and still playing weekend happy hours in the lounge of our favorite little Italian restaurant ...

"Don't forget about my band, Mistress."

"Charlotte, dear, aren't you supposed to be drying my undies?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Yes, as she mentioned, Charlotte plays in a band now. She's the sexy cat-girl on keyboards, mrrroow! Anyway, as I was saying before I was distracted, Charlotte and I are very busy people. As such, I have hired a cleaning service to lighten the burden of the household chores. It's a small family business and I'm very happy with the work they do, but this week they had other commitments out of town. So Charlotte, bless her heart, has volunteered to take over maid duty this week. And, like everything else she does, Charlotte is taking her job very seriously.

Part I

I remember when Mistress first mentioned that the couple who usually cleans for us would not be able to come this week. They were off attending graduation at their daughter's college out of state. She was the first in their family to get a college degree, so it was kind of a big deal, and we were both excited for them. Mistress, being the kindhearted person that she is, insisted that they take the week off -- with pay -- to go spend time with their daughter. Mistress and I had both stuffed a good amount of cash into a graduation card for her and I had volunteered to do my part by taking care of the housework this week. In fact, I was actually quite looking forward to it.

Mistress may have mentioned that I do not do anything halfway, and this was no exception. I had plenty of time to prepare, so last week I had searched online to for the sexiest, skimpiest, French maid outfit I could find to wear for my cleaning duties. This may surprise you, but it didn't take me very long at all. And yes, Virginia, that was sarcasm. If I was going to be doing housework, then I was going to be having some fun with it.

My attire was perfect, if I do say so myself. There was the little black mini-skirt -- well, maybe micro-skirt is a more apt description -- all frilly and cute. It came complete with a garter belt and a lacy white apron that tied in the back. For my top half, there was a black satin bustier with sheer side panels that rode high enough to leave me with about three inches of bare midriff. I really liked that look since I think I have a pretty sexy tummy. I'm certain that Mistress would agree with me too, for she will often spend a great deal of time exploring the area with her tongue -- mmm -- but, I digress.

I stepped in front of the mirror to straighten the little maid's cap headband thingy. I don't know exactly what it's called, but it completed the look and would also serve to keep my hair out of my face in case today's housework got, well, physical. I paused to admire my reflection for a moment. The outfit was certainly unique in it's ability to look like clothing, but still not quite manage to cover anything of importance. The tiny skirt left the straps of the garter belt completely exposed, along with the entire bottom half of my ass. The top was pretty much the same in that it didn't really cover my tits, so much as sit just under them pushing my nipples upward for all to see. In short, it was perfect!

I really liked the stockings I had chosen, too. They were sheer black, and very sexy, and they felt good on my legs. I had splurged and opted for the more expensive ones that promised to be reinforced to avoid runs and tears. That was an important feature to me, because I planned to be spending quite a bit of time on my knees today. Already Mistress had 'accidentally' dropped the catalog she reading onto the floor and asked me if I would be so kind as to pick it up for her.

I did my best to be right in her field of view as I got down on all fours and crawled over to pick it up. While I was down there, I paused a moment to wiggle my ass around for her benefit, and also to glance at the page that her catalog fell open to. I can't remember the name of the store, but it's the one that caters to sporty women who have both toned muscles and nice feminine curves, women like my mistress.

"Charlotte dear, my catalog, please?"

"Um, yes, Mistress."

"See anything in there you like?"

"Yes, Mistress," I admitted, but did not feel the need to mention that it was the leggy blonde on page fifty-two that had caught my eye, and that it had nothing to do with any of the outfits she was modeling. Mistress probably had it figured out though, we know each other very well.

Despite the rather constant distractions from Mistress, things were moving along at a good pace and I figured I'd have all of my chores done by lunchtime. I had already cleaned the bathrooms and scrubbed the floors. All that was left was to put away the clean dishes wash Mistress's delicates. Putting away the dishes took a little longer than I had planned, mostly because Mistress was constantly, and quite purposely, getting in my way.

"Excuse me dear," she had teased while reaching around me to fetch a glass from the cabinet. She certainly took her time, leaning in and pressing her tits into my back while steadying herself with her arm wrapped about my waist. I could feel her hot breath on my neck as she reached over me to find the glass she wanted. It was, of course, on the very top shelf, in a place that required her to be pressed up against me for quite a while in order to bring it down safely. "So sexy," she whispered as she nipped my earlobe before pulling away. Nice to know my plan for today was having the desired effect.

Part II

I've probably mentioned this before, but my Charlotte is a gorgeous girl, and in her little costume du jour, she was a perfect picture of wanton sexuality. And while I was not making any effort to keep my eyes or hands off her today, it was taking considerable restraint to not throw her on the sofa, or the kitchen counter, or any other convenient horizontal surface, and ravage the stuffing out of her. I really didn't know I was into the slutty French maid thing until today, but the way Charlotte pulled it off, I was one-hundred percent sold.

"Baby, there's a scrap of paper you missed," I said as I knocked a piece of mail to the floor and watched her ass peek out from the tiny little skirt while she bent to pick it up. She didn't complain, she knew I was doing it on purpose so that I could check her out. And what a lovely view it was.

"Here you go, Mistress," she said smiling, as she stood to hand me the envelope.

"You know baby, if I weren't so happy with the cleaning service we already have, I would seriously consider asking you to do this all the time. But only if you agree to wear this outfit," I said while wrapping my arm around her waist and pulling her in for a nice long kiss. I reveled for a moment in the feeling of her exposed nipples pressing into my body. "Mmm, I'm going to have to be careful, Charlotte still has my delicates to wash," I thought as I released her from my embrace and sent her in the direction of the laundry room with a playful slap on the ass.

I watched her sashay down the hall in that unbelievably short skirt while I began to replay the vision of Charlotte picking up the envelope in my mind. "She does this to me on purpose!" I thought, not that it wasn't patently obvious. I often wonder how I got so lucky to have such a sweet young thing fall for me, particularly one with such creative and seemingly never-ceasing sexuality.

"Mistress, I'm going to need your help for a second," I heard her call.

"Oh, my!" I let out as I paused in the doorway of the laundry room, picking my chin up off the floor. Charlotte seemed to be having a little trouble with the clothesline she had constructed. It wasn't the two ends of string that were fastened to the wire shelving unit across the room, but the other two ends that were giving her trouble -- the ends that were tied to her nipples!

"My goodness, Charlotte, what have you been up to?" I asked as I looked at her nipples being stretched taut by the strings.

"Do you like it, Mistress?"

"It's very creative, baby," I replied, "how does it feel?"

"Like you're sucking on my tits really, really, hard, Mistress."

"Oh Charlotte, you are such a deviant," I complemented, "I could just eat you up!"

"That would be fine Mistress," she said totally deadpan, "but could you help me get a few more things pinned up first? I can't quite reach, and I really can't move much, for obvious reasons."

I picked up another pair of my lacy underwear and clipped it to the string of my human clothesline. I stopped for a moment to stroke one of Charlotte's elongated nipples with my fingertip.

"Doesn't that hurt, baby?"

"A little, yeah, but in a good way."

I could hear Charlotte doing some deep breathing exercises in an attempt to deal with the added weight on the line. I think maybe it hurt more than she was letting on and she was too wrapped up in the fantasy to stop. I was afraid that adding anymore weight from my undergarments might seriously injure one of my baby's favorite features.

"I don't want you to kill yourself doing my laundry," I said, "so why don't I put the rest on the drying rack."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"This is so sexy!" I heaved, running my finger over the taut flesh of her nipple again. "I may have to buy you some nipple clamps for your birthday." I heard my baby utter a little moan in response.

"And Charlotte, I was being quite literal earlier when I said I could just eat you up." I ducked under the strings holding my drying panties and dropped to my knees in front of where Charlotte was standing. Placing my hands on her lovely ass to steady myself, I extended my tongue to take a long, slow lick. I felt her body begin to tremble in response.

Clutching her ass tightly, I pinned Charlotte's hips between my hands at the back, and my face in the front. Now I could do just about whatever I wanted with my tongue while guaranteeing she would stay put, no matter how much she might squirm. I took full advantage and slowly lapped at her soft folds. I was really taking my time with it. Watching her strut around all day in her maid's costume had gotten me quite worked up, and now it was time for a little payback. Apparently Charlotte wanted none of this teasing pace and was wrapping her fingers up in my hair trying to accelerate my ministrations.

I sharply pulled her hands away and placed them together in the small of her back. "Stay there," I commanded sternly. Charlotte whined a bit, but complied. "Good girl," I praised, squeezing her ass as I trapped her hips once again. Having foiled her attempt to speed things up, I continued my slow, deliberate explorations. After lapping at her a few more times, I plunged directly into her opening and tasted just how turned on she was. "Oh god baby, you're so yummy!" I heaved. Charlotte just whimpered.

I pulled one hand away from her ass just long enough to stroke her elongated nipples once again. Charlotte was moaning and writhing under my touch. My god, this was hot! Charlotte was completely trapped, her hips were pinned between my hands and tongue, and her nipples were tied to the clothesline. All she could do was wait and hope that I would be kind enough to take her over the edge. I may be a tease, but I was not planning to disappoint her.

After a few more laps at Charlotte's sweet pussy, I slid my index finger deep into her. Her knees started to buckle, but she soon shot right back up to standing straight, motivated no doubt by the increased tension in the clothesline. She was bouncing up and down now, on the balls of her feet. I wanted to ask her if that wasn't tugging on her nipples, but my mouth was busy at the moment. "Maybe that was the point," I thought, "maybe Charlotte likes the added sensation." I found myself getting very turned on by that idea and made a mental note to do a search on nipple clamps.

I had a second finger worked into my baby's sopping wet pussy now, and was absolutely slamming in and out of her. Digging the nails of my other hand into the soft flesh of her ass, I held her fast while continuing to lick at a feverish pace. Soon her bouncing turned to trembling, then she stopped moving entirely and locked her knees. Charlotte's entire body stiffened. "Oh, god, Mistress!" she cried out. I picked up the pace as she began spasming. "Oh-mi-god, oh-mi-god, oh-mi-god," she was babbling as her orgasm exploded.

I loved doing that to her!

I let my fingers slip out and turned them on myself. I heard a little disappointed sigh from Charlotte as I slid out, but once she realized where I was going with them, I got a little moan of approval. It was getting really getting me hot, thinking about Charlotte's juices mixing with mine, and I knew it wouldn't be long. I was leaning back and hammering away while Charlotte enjoyed the show, but was helpless to participate.

"Look at what you've done to me, baby," I moaned as I was furiously rubbing and pounding my pussy for her enjoyment as well as mine. I did my best to keep my eyes open so that I could gaze upon her taut, stretched nipples as I approached my peak. Though I soon lost that battle as my eyes rolled back and I heard myself crying out, "Uh, uh, uh -- oh, god -- YEEESSSSS!"

I came back around when I heard Charlotte's gentle whispering, "Mistress? Mistress, are you OK?"

"Oh, yeah, baby. Just fine." I assured her in a lusty whisper. Then, snapping back to the here-and-now, I continued, "I think my delicates are probably dry by now. Let's get you untied." I stood up and gave my Charlotte a good long kiss of appreciation as I went to work on the strings. "How many knots did you put in these?" I asked, grinning.

"Couldn't have them falling off, Mistress," she smiled in return.

Once I had freed her from the strings, I wrapped her tightly in my arms. "You are so kinky! And so good to me!" I praised, then took a closer look at her chest. The entire area around her nipples was red and giving off heat. "You should really let me put something on this," I said as I gently encircled one side with my finger. "I've got just the perfect thing."

"Oh, Mistress!" Charlotte sighed and threw her head back as I lowered my head and began swirling my tongue lightly over her tender flesh.

Epilogue

Dear Friends,

Charlotte never did get much more cleaning done that day, unless you count the shower we shared after taking a bit of time to recover. We both got a lot of places clean in there, including one of Charlotte's favorites, as we nearly drained the hot water tank. Eventually though, we had to get dressed and leave the house for Charlotte's happy hour gig. As I drove us to the restaurant, she commented about how the fabric of her dress gave her a little reminder of this morning every time it rubbed just the right way. That brought my mind back to something I had thought of earlier, and when she came over to sit by me during her break, I showed her the image on my phone. "What do you think?" I asked. Charlotte didn't say a word, she just nodded and squeezed my thigh. I tapped 'confirm order.'

- Natasha