 She's incorrigible. She's a smart ass. And she is so fucking nerve wracking. She knows exactly how to push my buttons and I mean Every. Single. One. But the thing is, she's sexy. Drop dead, drive you crazy, have your panties dripping type sexy. There was a point in time when I had feelings for this girl. I'm telling you I had it bad. And I mean bad. I was constantly thinking about her, my palms were sweaty when I was around her, and I would catch myself just looking at her with a look of longing. I gave myself the confidence to tell her...that didn't go over so well. She told me she liked girls, but not enough to date them I never really understood what she meant until now. She liked to just simply fuck them.

I'm Ashley. I'm tiny but my attitude didn't get the memo to be as small as the rest of me. I'm a petite little thing, 4"11', with a slightly curvy frame. Short brown hair. Most of us are bubbly and nice. Me on the other hand, I have resting bitch face. When you're directly talking to me I flash a smile that'll light up a whole room. Other than that, I don't. 

Like I said Kiera was sexy. More than sexy. Is that even possible? She has this spitfire attitude, a look that'll kill and the tightest little body I've ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on. The girl had it all. Her curly, light brown hair pulled up into a bun almost daily. Her 5 foot 2 athletic curvy frame. Large beautiful breasts. Tight, sexy ass. Big, brown eyes that simply captivated you and make you melt. A consistent smirk and confident attitude made her extremely irresistible. She's a complete smartass and I assume that's what makes her so sexy. 

"Make it up to me?" Kiera said after her ridiculous antics she put me through for the past 2 hours. The words left her lips and I felt a twinge between my legs. Her words made me nervous. 

"And how do I do that?" I said with a smirk.

"Figure it out and just make it up to me." 

I felt an even stronger twinge and an even bigger wave of nervousness flushed over me. 

I knew exactly how to make it up to her and what she wanted. What I wanted. What she came here for. We had been talking for weeks about this specific thing. I hadn't had sex in months and I didn't just want it I needed it. To forget about all the stress of my daily life if only for a few hours. The yearning, the need it was becoming unbearable. So I propositioned the idea to Kiera. We talk on FaceTime everyday almost and today was no different. She simply said, "Well I'll be coming to San Antonio in a couple of weeks before I go to Padre." 

I thought about it...a lot. I weighed my options. I used to really like this girl. Like my feelings for her were so strong. I would see her and my whole body would melt. She would talk so erratically sometimes and she would accidentally put her hand on my thigh. Every time she did this I felt something inside me just gush. Was it really a good idea? I mean, granted, that had been over two years ago. So any leftover feelings would be gone I'm sure. 

"Hmm. So we are really going to do this?" I questioned nervously. 

"You want it, don't you?" She was looking straight at me. 

"Of course." Even those five little words made me excited. I wanted it. It had definitely been too long. Three months isn't that long, but when you were getting it on a daily basis or whenever you wanted...three months is hell. Then the day finally came and I froze.

"Make it up to me." She said it again. She was laying on my bed looking right at me. And even though it was dark I could see her eyes piercing into my own. Her asking the question again made it worse, because her voice is so sexy. It was like I was stuck in time and I couldn't move. I was thinking about it too much. I had only had sex with my ex. I never imagined that that relationship would end. As toxic as it was I'm glad it did. But in this very moment I questioned my ability to do this. 

I didn't say anything. The only words that were said came from her after an hour. 

"Well I guess I'll go since you're playing." I wasn't playing I was just afraid what if it's not good. What if I do something she doesn't like. What if I don't make her cum. She got up, put on her shoes, grabbed her keys, and made her way to my door. I just looked at her. Her hand reached for the handle. 

"Kiera, wait." I said very softly. I went on, "I'm sorry I'm just nervous and I'm sure that's obvious. Keep in mind I haven't had sex with anyone other than her and I just I don't know. I guess I wasn't as ready as I thought I was."

"I don't understand." She said.

Of course she didn't understand. I had flirted with this girl for months. We talk on FaceTime every day. We are really good friends. We give each other advice. We help each other out. That's what this was. "I know. I don't either I guess I just never had to make the first move and I don't know I guess it was just awkward." 

She walks back over to my bed and I stop my senseless rambling. Me saying all of that out loud sounds so dumb. I want her. I'm wet. I've been wet. And now I have the opportunity to get that taken care of and I can't even build up the courage to do it. 

"Ashley, stand up." I slowly stand. She continues, "Walk over here." I step a little bit closer to her. "Closer." I move in some more. "Now what?" I ask. "Now you kiss me." 

I look at her. Fiddle with my thumbs a bit. I look back up at her and say, "Fuck it." I grab her face, push her hair out of the way and I kiss her. Her lips are so soft, so full. She pulls away for a moment. "Now was that so hard. I'll take it from here." We start kissing again and I feel her hands all over me. Grabbing my ass, caressing my thighs, scratching my back. 

Somehow she got up and I was suddenly the one leaning against the bed. She lays me down on the bed and looks at me. I feel like her eyes are piercing through my skin. Full of lust. It was sexy. She was sexy. Her lips touch mine again. Our tongues wrestling each other. I hadn't felt this close or even been this close with anyone in months and it felt so good. To be kissed. To be desired. 

Her full, soft lips reach my neck. Right before she plants a kiss there she pauses. "Is this too much for you or is it okay if I kiss your neck?" She said. She was definitely trying to make fun of the situation. "No Kiera it's not too much for me." "Good." Her lips continue to graze my neck and her tongue slides across it. 

"Is it too awkward for you to take your shirt off?" She asks me. 

I just look up at her. I want her, I want this. I answer with a raspy voice, "No." 

"You sure?" She asked teasingly. 

"Shut up." I roll my eyes in her direction and pull my shirt over my head. 

She goes back to kissing my lips. It feels so good to kiss someone. This time the kiss is shorter, not as frantic. Her soft lips move from my own and down to my neck. She licks and sucks at this particular spot. I moan slightly. Her lips continue their assault. She plants tiny kisses from my neck to my breast. 

She moves her hands behind me to fumble with my bra clasps. After about a whole minute, I get impatient. I ask just to be funny, "Need some help babe?" I laugh. She simply responds with, "Fuck you now take this shit off." I'm a little thrown off by the abruptness of it, but secretly I love having her tell me what to do. Her bossy nature just gets me hot. She starts with light kissing from my neck to the tops of my breast. When she reaches her destination, it is heavenly. Her wet tongue swirls around my already hard nipple. 

A moan escapes from my lips. I could feel myself lose control little by little. I never let myself give someone else full control, but I could tell this time would be different. I feel her teeth starting to pull on my nipple. It feels so good I could cum right there. Her tongue swirls around my stomach, right above the line of my shorts. I'm loosing it. My heart beat is so erratic. I'm sweating, panting. My body is begging her even if my mouth doesn't give it away. 

Her voice broke through my thoughts. Her fingers looped through the waistband of my shorts. "Would it be too awkward if I took these off too?" 

All I could do was shake my head no. She left on my black lacy thong. And I thought good she won't see how wet I am just from all her other antics. Not yet anyways.

Next thing I know my legs are up in the air. I find myself taking in a sharp breath of air. Her tongue circles the insides of my barely shaking thighs. It then licks close to the lips of my pussy but not quite there. She's teasing me. She knows I want it why is she playing with me. I'm already dripping wet she has to know this. 

She pulls my panties to the side, just to see the state I'm in. She kisses right on my pussy. Resulting in a few moans and more heavy breathing. I want her to rip my panties off and just have her way with me.

She finally pulls off my panties. I'm about to lose it from the anticipation alone. After they're off she spreads my legs and hooks her arms underneath them. I feel a breeze in the room and then and only then I could tell how wet I really was. How bad I wanted this. How bad I wanted her. 

She starts the torturing all over again. Kissing and licking on the inside of my thighs. Moving closer and closer with every lick. 

"Please." I beg her to do what she knows I want. 

"Please what?" 

"Kiera, please stop playing." I'm practically whining. 

Without saying a word her tongue licked up and down my slit, slowly. 

"Ahh fuck," I managed to get out as her tongue swirled around my clit. She sped up her antics. Sucking my clit in and out of her mouth. I slightly try to pull away just to give myself a break. 

No one had ever ate me out for this long. The first orgasm was incredible. It washed over me so fast I didn't know what hit me. My legs were shaking uncontrollably. My moans turned into screams. And she didn't stop, she didn't even ease off a little. She only grasped my legs harder and sucked my clit into her mouth faster. I had never been able to cum from just head. 

I was screaming. My legs shaking. Practically hanging off of my bed. My head spinning. And I stayed like this, in this state of nirvana until my phone rang. 

It was my mom. I had my phone on "Do Not Disturb" so I know she had to have called more than once. I didn't answer right away. I called her back. Kiera saw this as a game.

I grab my phone to call her back. Thinking Kiera was going to stop. I was wrong. 

"Hey mom."

"Hey you didn't answer are you okay?" 

"No I'm fine just packing." 

I mute the phone for a moment so I can relish in the feeling of her tongue on the most sensitive part of me. I pick up the phone again and my mom had been rambling on about how I hadn't called her all afternoon and that I was up to something. 

To keep from moaning I started laughing. 

"Ashley why are you laughing?"

"Because I packed everything but shoes isn't that funny? How do I pack all my clothes and no shoes?" 

"What's going on with you? Are you drunk?"

"Uh no mom just thought that was funny guess not." 

She chuckled softly, her tongue not leaving its spot. I wanted to punch her in the throat, but that would've meant she had to stop. And I didn't want that.

"Alright honey, I'll call you later. Love you."

"Love you too mom bye."

Right once I hang up, Kiera comes up and starts laughing. I look down at her. "So you think that was funny? Okay I'll remember that." 

She mocks me for a moment. "I forgot to pack shoes." She says quietly while giggling. 

She continues her assault between my legs. Sucking and licking my clit furiously. My moans become louder. My legs become more stiff. My thighs numb. My body unable to register anything other than what she's doing to me. I cry out. "I'm going to cum." She reaches up and starts tweaking my nipple between her thumb and forefinger. 

This is driving me insane. I already had a rush from the phone call earlier. I was losing touch with reality. I could feel the heat build up in my stomach. Suddenly, I felt my legs shake underneath me. My breathing became ragged and my moans so loud I'm sure everyone walking by could hear. I felt like I was floating. Although at this point I expected her to stop, but she didn't. She kept going. I would inch away trying to get her to stop, even if only for a quick second. But I couldn't bring myself to tell her I was sensitive, because it still felt so good. I was in limbo. I wanted her to stop, but I didn't want her to take her tongue off of me. 

Eventually I couldn't take anymore after continuously cumming. I felt like I didn't have anymore left in me. 

"Okay okay stop I need a break." I managed to get out. It pained me to say it. Then she looks at me with this smirk on her face. Her hair wild and all over the place from me pulling it every which way and she says, "I was wondering how long it would take before you told me to stop." 

I was dumbfounded. So she wasn't going to stop if I hadn't said so? I thought of my poor overly satisfied clit. I needed a break. I looked into her eyes and said, "Fuck you." 

She just laughed. She got up off the bed while I just laid there my body completely spent. She went to pick up her phone to call her friend. She was supposed to be gone hours ago. She called Arie. "Hey I'm on my way it'll be about 30 minutes." I secretly thought to myself you're not leaving here until I fuck you. But I didn't tell her that you'll see. 

She puts her phone back down and looks over at me. A look full of lust and mischief. She leans over my body and kisses my lips. My hands instinctively grab her face and kiss her harder. Her tongue only slightly brushing against mine. 

We kiss for about 5 minutes or so. Grabbing onto each other. Then I feel her free hand slide between my legs. I moan once her hand reaches its destination. She softly rubs my clit and ventures lower to slip 2 fingers inside of me. I cry out at the unexpected move she just made. 

She's teasing me. Her in and out motions are ridiculously slow. I want to tell her to speed up, but I don't even have to. She can sense my body's want and she does just that. Speeds up. I feel my body tense up and I know I'm close. She does too. She plunges her fingers deeper into my wetness and twists them around before just simply moving them in and out of me. She resumes the fast pace she was moving at before. I try to hold it in. She moans in my ear and whispers, "Cum for me." That was it. That was the last straw. I cum and as I feel it gushing out of me as her fingers slip out too. I moan softly. 

Then I open my eyes and I look at her, "I don't know why you told her you were on your way. You're not about to leave yet."

She looks shocked by this statement. "Oh I'm not?" 

I then let my actions do the talking. I push her back to the head of the bed. Crawl on top of her. 

I kiss her soft, full lips again. Relishing in the fact that at any moment I'm going to be able to taste the deepest part of her. 

I move my head for my lips to meet the crook of her neck. As I lightly licked up her neck, I saw her mouth open and eyes close. Her hand cradled my head as I sucked the skin on her neck. Lightly bit the skin there. Secretly hoping to leave a mark. Saying that I was here. Even if it were only her and I that knew it was there. She would look in the mirror on her trip and remember our first tryst together. Secretly laughing on the inside that if someone asked where it came from she would have to come up with something to say about it.

I sit her up and pull her black top from over the beautiful mess that I had made of her hair. Her caramel breasts straining against her nude bra. I think to myself that I should let them out. 

"I should show you how to take a bra off." A small chuckle escapes from my throat. Before she had a chance to object, one hand snaked behind her back and popped the clasp. While slipping it off of her I nibble her earlobe and whisper, "That's how you do it." She help but laugh and stifle a moan and says, "Fuck you." "That's exactly what I intend on doing." 

"Well stop talking about it and be about it." Fucking smart ass I thought to myself. But fine I want to do it anyways might as well get down to it. 

I take her tongue into my mouth. Kissing her. Occasionally biting her lower lip. Feeling her suck on my lower lip. I grasp the button of her jeans and undoes them. I pull her zipper down. To pull them off I break the kiss. I never had an issue taking off jeans before but hers were unusually tight. "Need help?" I look at her like obviously you see I can't get these off. "Why did you put these tight ass jeans on?" "Well Ash this wasn't the only thing I had to do today." I simply laugh and mouth, "Touché."

At this point honestly even after she had ate me out for an hour and a half I still was nervous about fucking another woman. I had only done it with one other person. I thought I would spend the rest of my life not knowing what any other woman, but her, would taste like under my tongue. Why was I even thinking about that backstabbing slut? I had this gorgeous girl in my bed and I was worried about my bitch of an ex-girlfriend who was probably eating her new girlfriend out right this second. I let my thoughts freak me out. I wanted to tell Kiera I couldn't do it. But I couldn't do that either. I wanted her. Even though I came like over 10 times that night already thinking about my tongue wiggling its way inside of her pussy made my own ache for more. 

I put the thoughts out of my head. I have wanted to have sex with Kiera since we were in high school and here we were almost juniors in college and I was finally getting my chance. I realized I couldn't of handled having sex with her back then. I would've been heartbroken and halfway devastated. She knew that so even when she made the halfhearted offer to just fuck she never actually went through with it. I was glad she didn't, but if she had've I wouldn't be freaking out right now. 

I made way to her breasts as she pushed my head down a little further. I softly grabbed one with my hand. The other I gave a long lick around her areola. I circled around her nipple a few times. Trying to get a feel of what felt good to her. Once I flicked my tongue over her nipple I found out. She only gasped but I could tell because she kept her mouth open. Only closing them to lick them. I let my mouth suck on her nipple. Consequently, this got more of a reaction out of her. Her moans became ragged and her breathing alike. Her hands grabbed my hair then moved to her own. Not necessarily knowing what to do with them. I lick between the valley between the two. Not missing a single spot of flesh. 

I went to the other and decided not to do the same exact thing. I licked her already hard rock nipple enough to wet it. I then nibbled on it and then sucked on it. A little rough but not rough enough to the point it hurt. She seemed to like a more rougher approach. I was growing tired with anticipation. I wanted to know what she tasted like. Unfortunately, I couldn't have her all night in this bed. I had to speed up the process a little. 

I moved down a little further to pay attention to her stomach. I planted small kisses right above her panty line. I licked up and down her stomach. Grasping on her sides. Her body was so sexy I could barely fathom this was really happening. 

Her hand lightly pushes my head further down her body. I could tell what she wanted. I grip the sides of the lacy thong she had on and I slowly pulled them down and off of her. 

I took this time to just look at her. Her puffy, slightly red lips showing me they needed attention. She was wet and glistening from the small amount of light that peeked into the room onto the bed. Both her nipples hard without even being touched. Her eyes closed, her hands on my head playing with my hair. Her chest heaving up and down waiting with anticipation. She had a tiny ball of sweat forming between her breasts. I wanted to lick it, but I think we both had something else in mind. Her body was wanting. Waiting. I wanted to tease her a bit more but I knew once I had my tongue on her she would definitely dismiss that. 
