 Chapter 2 - Reformed 

I sat on the end of the bed, sipping my coffee and watched Brielle sleep. I get that watching girls sleep is generally reserved for vampire stalkers in cheesy teen fiction, but if you could see what I was looking at, you'd understand. 

Bri has a tendency to kick all the covers off as soon as she falls asleep, so the sheets were twisted around her calves. Her thighs were mouth-watering as always, but as my eyes traveled up them I could feel myself getting hot over the fading red welts that appeared just below her ass, which was half covered in that ratty old shirt she wears almost every night. God, her ass. 

It was a bit bruised, but the marks from the whipping I'd given her the night before were already fading. I'd gone easy on her because it was our first dive into playing with pain and submission, but I wasn't sure if she was the type to take much more pain than I'd dealt out. As a dom I usually tend to be intense, and when I sub, which is quite rare, my pain tolerance is off the charts, so I'm always careful at first when dominating new girls. 

She mumbled something into her pillow, which was a good indicator she was about to wake up. Her sleep talk always came in the morning and usually was completely incoherent. Her face was completely hidden by her reddish-brown curls. 

Her phone started buzzing on the bedside table, and I got up and peeked at it. The picture on the screen was of a cute smiling brunette, the name "Cassidy" beneath it. 

"Hmnn." Bri moaned into her pillow. "Whossit?" 

"It's your sister, I think." I said, setting down my coffee next to the phone. "Unless you know more than one Cassidy." 

She started to reach for the phone and I scooped my coffee up out of the way just in time. 

"Hey." She said into it, after flipping it to speaker. "It's early, Cass." 

"Not here it isn't!" the voice on the other side said cheerily. "Guess what, sleepy head, I have news for you!" 

"You pregnant?" Bri asked, still not emerging from cave of curly hair. 

"What? No!" Cassidy answered, "I'm gonna be in town next week. I emailed you my itinerary, can I crash at yours or do I need to get a hotel?" 

"Yeah," Bri mumbled, sounding like she was falling asleep again. Then she shook herself a bit, and finally pushed herself up off the pillow. 

"Wait, I gotta check with my girlfriend." She said. "Ah fuck. You're on speaker, can I call you back?" 

"Wait, wait," Cassidy said, "You live with another human?" 

"Shut up!" Bri said, sitting up and glaring at the phone. "I'll call you back! Bye!" 

She tapped the red end call button and looked up at me rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. 

"My ass hurts." She grumbled at me, "Uhhhg." She fell back over onto the bed in an adorable heap. I put down my coffee again and climbed on top of her. 

"Come on!" I said playfully, bouncing against the mattress, "Wake up! It's the weekend and I'm bored!" 

"Go for a jog or eat breakfast or something." Bri said pushing me away half-heartedly. 

"I did." I said. "I could use a shower though. Want to come?" I leaned down, pushing up her shirt, and caught one of her nipples in my mouth. 

Bri giggled and replied, "Well, good morning to you too." She arched her back as I pinched her nipple between my lips and flicked at it with my tongue. I slid a hand up her belly and cupped her other breast, letting my other hand reach down and grip her thick, luscious thigh, just below her ass. 

She made this sound in the back of her throat, the one that indicated that I was doing something very right. I suddenly wasn't sure we'd make it to the shower anytime soon. I flicked at her nipple with my tongue some more, and she wriggled a bit, moaning. I loved how sensitive her nipples were, I could play with them all day. 

Bri tugged my hair tie loose, and I could feel her hand twitch deftly as she one-handedly slipped the hair tie onto her wrist than sank her fingers into my hair. I switched nipples and she moaned. 

"Mmn, don't stop that. Holy fuck you could make me cum just like that." She said, sucking in air through her teeth. I slid my free hand back around to her thigh and onto her pussy, rubbing gently against her clit, making sure to keep its hood between my fingers and her sensitive bud. 

She tensed under me and for a moment I wondered if she was already close to orgasm. I glanced up at her to check in and she met my eyes, her hips pushing towards me a bit. She was close to orgasm, but holding back, so not the orgasm she wanted. 

I sucked on her nipple then let it go and she made one of her sexy sounds again. "You want something in particular," I said, "I can tell. What is it?" 

She blushed, she thinks I can't tell when she's blushing but I can, it's more in her expression than in her color. 

"Come on, Bri" I coaxed as I moved up to kiss her. "What is it you want?" 

"I don't know if I really want it." She said. Our eyes met, I waited, holding her gaze. "I'm scared to ask." She said. 

"Scared self-conscious or scared you won't like it?" I asked. 

"Both." She said. 

"Hm." I pretended to think about it, but I already knew what I was going to do. I pushed myself away from her and stood up. 

"Take off your shirt." I told her. 

She pulled it off right away tossing it in the general direction of the laundry hamper. I raised an eyebrow at her and she sighed, rolling her eyes. She got up and moved the shirt into the hamper, then looked at me expectantly. 

Good. I thought. She's already in submissive mode, she's waiting for me to tell her what to do. 

I pointed to the wooden chair at my computer desk. "Sit." I told her. She sat, folding her hands in her lap tightly, and crossing, then uncrossing her ankles. I reveled in her discomfort. That was the first step, get her off balance, uncomfortable, nervous. 

"I remember last night, we had a good conversation when you were in a compromising position." I said pointedly. 

She looked up at me through her thick lashes. "Yeah," She replied, shifting uncomfortably in her seat. "My ass remembers that too." 

I tried not to grin, and almost managed it. She was a genius at making people laugh, but I wanted to maintain control for the moment. 

"Well," I said pensively. "I had a couple thoughts about that. First, I want to make sure you really remember what last night's punishment was all about. Second," I added before she could reply, "I want to keep this power dynamic going until we have the talk I was hoping for last night. So this is what's going to happen. We're going to spend the day here, doing normal Saturday things, except I'm going to be fully clothed and you're going to be completely naked." 

She grinned at that. "All day?" She scoffed a bit, as if she didn't believe me. 

"All day." I told her firmly. "Until sundown, no clothes for you. Another thing I should mentioned, if you try to pull any of that crap you were pulling this past week, I won't hesitate to punish you on the spot." 

She looked a little more serious then. "Will..." she hesitated, looking apprehensive, "will you use the belt again?" 

I didn't plan on it, but there was no reason to tell her that. "I'll use whatever's handy." I said with a shrug. "I expect you to do exactly what I say, when I say it, and I want you to answer my questions promptly." 

"Is it the same safeword?" She asked. She was growing more confident in talking about things, I noticed with satisfaction. 

"Yeah, unless you want a different one." I said, "Some people prefer something that doesn't normally mean stop or no. How do you feel about it?" 

"I think stop is a good safeword." She said. "It's hasn't always been a safe word for me to say, but it feels good knowing that it's safe with you." 

It was probably the most real thing she'd said to me all week. I knelt in front of her sliding my hands from her knees up to her hips. 

"You know your completely safe with me, right?" I asked her, "You can trust me." 

She chewed on her lip and nodded. 

"You do realize," I added, "That it goes both ways, right? To get into this sort of stuff with someone, I have to trust that they'll be open and honest about their boundaries with me." 

"You trust me that much?" She said, looking uncertain. "I'm not exactly and open book." 

I tugged her hips towards me so her bum was closer to the edge of the chair, then I pushed her knees apart. 

"Of course I do." I said, but she still looked uncertain so I continued. "You're not easy to figure out all the time, but you have never been dishonest. You stand up for yourself in your own way when you need to. I see that in you pretty clearly." I kissed the inside of her thigh, just above her knee, then again a little further up. "Last night," I said, biting the tender flesh further up her thigh just hard enough to get a reaction from her. "you were very clear about your needs." I kissed and bit my way up one thigh, then down the other, skipping her pussy entirely. She squirmed in frustration. 

"Mmnn, fuck." She swore as I made my way back towards her cunt, leaving a trail of hickeys. "How long are you going to keep me like this?" She said. 

"Oh, did I not mention?" I said, once again stopping shy of her pussy. "You don't get to cum unless I say so, and I plan on making you earn it." 

"What do I have to do?" She asked urgently. 

"First off," I said, deciding to make a matching hickey trail on the other side. "tell me what you were thinking earlier, that you were afraid to say aloud." I started on her other thigh, working my way back down to the knee. 

"Oh, gods." She moaned, sliding one leg up and over my shoulder. "I was just thinking," she paused and sucked her teeth as I bit her, "ah ha. I was wondering if I could cum while you were actually spanking me." 

"Mmhmm." I assented, pushing the other leg up over my shoulder. She had to grip the seat of the chair with both hands to keep from slipping off. 

"I just thought, you know how you can make me orgasm from just touching my nipples. I thought, maybe not with a belt or anything, but just with your hand." 

I nibbled on the soft underside of her bum, and watched as her body responded. "That's something we can experiment with." I told her. "Once you've earned an orgasm or two." 

I bit her a little harder and her pussy clenched, seeking stimulation. She was visibly wet, her inner labia glistening and looking so deliciously tempting. I licked them, one at a time, sucking on them gently. Bri moaned and tried to push herself closer to me. 

I ran my tongue along the inside of her outer labia, circling around her opening and back up the other side to circle her clit. I gave her clit a few quick flicks with my tongue then I stood abruptly. "I should shower." I said looking down at her wistfully. 

"Wait," she said, looking up at me in disbelief, "you're seriously not going to let me cum?" 

I shrugged. "Maybe later." I said, "I need to shower, and you need to eat food. Brew me some more coffee while you're at it?" With that I turned on my heel and headed for the bathroom. I turned on the shower, but just the cold water, and left the bathroom door cracked and waited to see if she passed by in the hall. I didn't bother to get all the way undressed, but I did pull a clean towel out of closet and toss my shirt in the bathroom hamper. I knew she loved the way I looked in a sports bra, Bri was crazy about my muscles, and even when I wasn't warmed up I maintained great definition. 

A few moments passed and she still hadn't left the bedroom. I grinned at my reflection in the mirror knowingly. I knew exactly what she was up to. 

Quietly I slipped out of the bathroom peered into the bedroom. Sure enough, she had two fingers buried in her cunt. I was surprised she wasn't on the bed, instead she was standing with one foot on the ground, the other leg propped up on the wooden chair. Her free hand was cupping one boob, pinching her nipple and rolling it slightly. She had her eyes closed, so she didn't see me come up next to her. 

I cleared my throat. 

Her eyes flew open and she froze, her fingers still buried in her pussy. 

"That's pretty hot," I admitted, "but damn, girl, I can't leave you alone for a second." 

She slid her fingers out from inside her, but left her leg propped up, leaving me a good view of her pussy. 

"Are you sure you don't want to just lend me hand?" She said, giving me a seductively smile before slowly licking her juices from her fingers. I really meant to stop her before she went that far, but it was incredibly sexy. I'd never seen her like that before, and I was enjoying it quite a bit. Finally, I snapped out of it. 

"I'll lend you a hand." I said, grabbing her wrist as her fingers left her lips. "Though you're probably not going to like it as much as you thought." 

"Aw, come on Anna," she tried bargaining. "I'm still sore from last night." 

I reached over to my desk and grabbed my hairbrush, it was solid wood, with a flat back that I knew would drive my point home. 

"I thought we established last night," I said, putting some disappointment in my tone, "that you play by my rules. I specifically told you that you wouldn't be permitted to come until I decided otherwise." 

"You're seriously grounding me from orgasms?" Bri whined. 

I looked at her incredulously. She was really asking for it! Maybe I was wrong to go so easy on her last night. I thought. "Acting like a rebellious little brat is what got you into this mess in the first place, remember?" I scolded her. "Do you really think continuing that behavior is going to get you a reward? Maybe I confused you when I fucked you afterwards," I continued, really laying into her. "maybe you thought it was your bad behavior that was being rewarded instead of your honesty when we talked." She started to look a bit scared, which started to turn me on even more than watching her masturbate. I let her wrist go and slid my hand against her wet cunt, gathering all of the wetness I could. 

"I went easy on you last night, using that belt that looks a whole lot scarier than it actually feels." I continued, slapping her inner thigh to indicate that she should move her leg off the chair. She complied. "Your bruises are almost faded and it's only been one night." I pointed out. "You better believe that when I'm done with you this time, you'll feel it a lot longer than 12 hours later." 

Bri was eyeing the hairbrush nervously. "I'm sorry." She said. "I didn't think..." She trailed off. 

I sat down and pulled her over one knee, hooking the other leg over the backs of her knees to keep her from kicking. She had one hand on the floor and one hand on my ankle, and already she was breathing shallowly. 

"You didn't think you'd get caught." I said, my voice softer. The scolding had affected her more than I'd anticipated, and if I hadn't just promised a serious spanking, I might have gone easier on her. 

"I'm sorry." She said again, not following it up with an excuse that time. 

I ran my hand over her ass, noting that most the remaining bruising was over my favorite spot to punish, that line where ass met thighs. I sighed, resigning myself to focusing elsewhere for the most part. 

"Bri, I've already forgiven you." I said, "But you've got this coming, and if I don't give it to you then you won't take me seriously next time." 

She whimpered quietly in reply. I didn't waste any more time. I decided to skip the softer warm up slaps and go right into it. I swung the hairbrush down, aiming for the center of her left butt cheek, the fleshiest part. It was also the most durable part, so I didn't hold back too much. I focused directly on that spot for the first few strokes, then switched to the other side. Already she was writhing on my lap. I decreased my speed, but increased the intensity of each blow, careful to place it on the same spot on each side. 

"Ow! Anna, please, it hurts really bad!" She cried out as I started to focus on the one spot on her left buttock. She tried to get away in earnest, but I had her pinned. She put her hand back but I twisted it up behind her back and started in on the right side. 

"Anna, I can't...I need a second, wait!" She begged. I didn't go any faster, but I didn't let up at all either. I wondered for a moment if she would use her safeword, now that she was experiencing real pain, but instead she just moaned wordlessly, and clenched and unclenched her backside, making it dimple a bit. I gave each side five good, hard smacks, then I let her go. 

"On your back, on the floor." I ordered her. "Right here." I pointed down. She flopped down unceremoniously onto the carpet and rolled over, drawing her knees up to keep her newly bruised bum off the floor and trying to catch her breath. She wasn't crying, as I'd surmised the night before, she was the type to cry afterwards, letting go with what was pent up, but she could tell I wasn't done with her yet. 

"When I came in here, you showed me your wet pussy and tried to seduce me out of punishing you." I accused her. "show me again." 

I said. She spread her legs, and turned her head to look away from me. 

I knelt down and pushed her knees further apart and up towards her shoulders, exposing her inner thighs, her pussy, and the underside of her bum. I rested the flat of the hairbrush firmly against the inside of one thigh, right over where I'd so lovingly left hickeys not twenty minutes before. "Look at me Bri." I said. "Keep your eyes on me." 

She took a shaky breath, and dragged her eyes to meet mine. After only a moment she teared up, but mostly kept her composure. 

"I want you to keep your legs just like this." I told her. "Don't move them together, don't try to get away from me. You understand?" 

"Yes." She replied, her voice sounding so small. 

I brought the hairbrush down sharply, but not terribly hard, against the meat of her inner thigh. Still, it was a tender spot, particularly for her. As I alternated from one side to another, she whimpered and whined, moaning and I moved slowly down towards the very under side of her ass. Right below her pussy, where her ass cheeks curved in towards each other to meet her inner thighs, I found her sweet spot. 

Every woman has a spot that's incredibly sensitive, it's that one spot that can break them down. It's different on different women, but every woman has one. Even girls like Bri who tend to cry after the fact, can be set to tears if you hit that spot just righ. If you're careful, and you know their body in and out, and you treat it just right, you can make them cum with that spot. 

Now I know how to make that fantasy of hers come true. Pleased with myself, I stored the thought away for later. 

I lightened my blows quite a bit, it didn't take much to tip her over the edge. I spanked that spot, one butt cheek and then the other, with the flat of the hair brush until she really started crying. 

She skipped the cute half crying sniffling business from the night before, and went right into openly bawling, crying out wordlessly as she realized she couldn't get out of it. Still, she was a gorgeous crier and I felt warm wetness between my thighs even as sympathy swelled in me, warring with my heightening arousal. 

She didn't put her legs together, or try to get away. That's what I was looking for. Submission. 

I stopped, setting the hairbrush aside. She maintained the position she was in taking great big breaths to try to get herself under control. I touched her bottom and she flinched, the shuddered under my hands. 

"Do you want to make me cum now?" I asked her. She struggled to maintain her newfound composure but nodded anyway. 

"Stay there a moment longer." I said. I stood, removing my pants and underwear. 

I pushed her arms up and out of the way, then lowered myself over her, my wet and ready pussy directly over her mouth, and I looked down her pussy, perfectly positioned for me to go down on her, but I resisted the urge. 
