 *Fair warning: if you're here looking for erotica, click away now...you're in the wrong place. This is written porn, and any regular reader of mine is well aware of that. Even my last two-part submission about my honey fetish really happened AND often does.

*****

Blue and I are happily married lesbians. We live a life without clothes, inside and outside.

Everything about which I write is real. I don't have to make it up.

We live on 6,000 acres way out in the middle of nowhere. Our closest neighbors are five miles away...the closest town is 50 miles away.

Except for occasional trips to town, we just don't get dressed. My work, owning and running a charity, can be done online and on the phone. Blue's work, which I can't discuss even though it's legal, is also done online.

I am addicted to lying in the sun by the pool. I'm darkly tanned all over and my breasts are real. Blue's skin is the most lovely alabaster white you've ever seen. Her breasts are fabulous, and also real. She's so beautiful! She has short, black hair...mine is platinum blonde and goes to my butt. 

I bake in the sun for hours on end...she sees no point in that. We have two Clydesdale horses. It feels very nice, very free, riding nude.

Blue and I have sex a LOT. Never less than twice a day, but a lot of the time between sexual adventures is filled with sexual affection. I was a nympho slut before I met Blue and I still am. The only difference is, I am madly in love with her, and will be for life.

Without hesitation, I would easily give my life protecting her. 

Sometimes, just feeling lovingly affectionate, I tell Blue how much I love her, then slide down between her legs and kiss her tummy all over.

Then, still being affectionate, I slide down further and smother her pussy with kisses.

Just kisses. That's it. You see, she knows it's only affection when I kiss her tummy first.

Wet kisses all over her pussy...sometimes trailing kisses down her inner thighs and back to her pussy.

She slides her fingers through my long hair, relaxes and enjoys it.

For a little while...

Then I can see her breathing get deeper...

She spreads her legs wider...

She raises her ass a little...

Her juices flow heavier...I don't lick them up...I just keep kissing, letting her juices flow down between her ass cheeks, soaking her opening.

My warm, wet kisses continue on her pretty pussy...

She's not so relaxed now...without realizing it, she's pulling a little on my hair...making sexy little whimpering sounds.

"Sunny?...baby wants more...give baby what she needs? Please, Sunny?...

I gave Blue's sweet pussy another long, wet, kiss, then kept my mouth on her, rubbing my lips on her swelling clit and purring inside her...

Her thigh muscles were already quivering. I traced her swollen outer lips with my finger, threw my hair back and slid up to her mouth with my strong thigh firmly against her pussy. I spoke softly, my hot breath on her lips...

"Tell me what baby desires...whatever you want...I'm going to use it to make you cum again and again and again...you will NOT be able to walk in the morning. Your legs will not let you."

Blue rubbed her pussy hard against my thigh...

"Sunny...fuck...baby neeeeeeeeeds her pussy sucked real hard...tongue-fuck me...ravage my pussy and make it yours!"

I smiled at her and threw my waist-length hair back and swished my bangs out of my eyes...

"Blue's pussy belongs to Sunny..."

My pussy was dripping on her thigh. I had a decision to make...before I eat her alive, shall I pin her down and rub my pussy on her tummy, making myself cum all over her?

Blue was on fire...she wasn't going to wait...and I cum anyway just eating her, without even touching myself.

Besides, hours from now, after I make Blue cum as many times as she wants...and a lot more times she didn't KNOW she wanted, I'll top it off by getting on my hands and knees with her underneath me and fucking myself...and cumming all over her...

Yeah...many of you know I cum a LOT. So does Blue...but we are not squirters. (just thought I'd tell you that)

I slid down a little, slid my arms under Blue's thighs and held her arms, pinning them down.

Blue's entire body was trembling. She eagerly spread her legs for me...

"Fuck me Sunny...suck my pussy...make baby cum real good..."

I spread my own legs on top of hers and held them down...I now had Blue completely pinned down and her entire body was under my control...

"Yeah Sunny! Take me! Fuck me!"

Ah, but I was not in quite such a hurry...all I did was touch the tip of my tongue to her hard, swollen clit...

Blue's body exploded...

"SUNNY! FUCK! I'M CUMMING!!"

Blue screamed out loud and tore her arms from my grip...her hands grabbed my hair and pulled on it...I kept my tongue on her clit while she tried to fuck herself on my mouth with her ass in the air...with her body in hard spasms, she kept screaming and filled my mouth with her cum! Fuck! It was so hot! 

I swallowed it and rubbed her clit with my fingers, my mouth open on her pussy for more cum...her body was shaking hard and her cum filled my mouth again, some of it escaping my mouth and forming a river to her ass...

Blue's orgasm passed and she fell limp to the mattress, breathing hard and whimpering my name with each exhale.

Her body jumped with each of my lollipop licks and kisses on her pussy...I sucked the rest of her cum from her...

"Fuck, Sunny...I love you so much!"

"Fuck, I love YOU, my Blue!"

Then I POUNCED my wide-open mouth on her pussy...

SUNNEEEEEE! FUCK! DAMMIT!!

Blue's pussy was so sensitive from cumming, but I didn't care...I wanted more...lots more...and the more sensitive she is, the faster she cums again...and I can eat her for hours on end...

She was purring and whimpering at me...she grabbed the covers on either side of her and had her ass in the air, her overheated pussy begging for more.

I pinned her body down harder this time, my thighs not only holding her thighs down, but my feet were holding down her ankles...my arms were under her as before, holding down her wrists, but much more firmly this time.

I had my face buried between her soft thighs, my wide open mouth covering her entire silky-smooth pussy, clit and all...I growled into her and sucked all of her into my mouth, her ample outer lips getting more swollen with my tongue attacking them...

Blue was STILL able to fuck her pussy at me, raising her ass off the bed and screaming with each breath...

"SUCK ME...SUCK ME HARD...FUCK YES...MAKE BABY CUM AGAIN!!"

That was all I had to hear...I screamed loudly into Blue's pussy and came fucking HARD while devouring her... without even touching myself...I could feel all my cum pouring from me as my body spasmed and caused me to shove my face harder between Blue's pussy...

She was screaming unintelligibly...her juices flowed heavily into my mouth and burned my throat as they went straight down...I ate her pussy more savagely now...with a firm grip on her arms and the rest of her held down, her body tightened hard and spasmed uncontrollably...

FUCK SUNNY! I'M CUMMING! FUCK ME...FUCK ME!!

Oh my goodness...she came harder than ever before...I had WAY more than a mouthful of her cum! 

I decided right then, I HAD to do something fun with it...

And I did...

More on this as soon as I can...

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny