 There are some experiences people go out of their way to avoid. Whether it be rock climbing, bungee jumping or asking out that one co-worker, everyone at point in time was afraid to do something. For a shy, young woman like me, it was no different. But, it was taboo where I'm from so that made it more enjoyable.

On the last Easter vacation of my school life, I decided to go to the beach with my friend, Alisha. I always either go with my family or a bunch of crazily explicit friends. We were the calm ones of our group so there was no worry of embarrassment. The crisp, blue waters crashed on the soft, warm sand between my bare toes, the light breeze bringing the fresh scent of the ocean to me. This is how man was meant to relax. 

We went to the nearby changing room to put on my new bikini top and see through skirt. Alisha's long, black hair bounced with every step on her shoulders like a matching set to her jeans. I go into the booth and begin changing, but as I wrapped my towel around me to take of my shorts, she asks for my help to undress as her clothes were a bit tight. Of course, I'm uncomfortable with this a little, but help anyway. It was a struggle to get the jeans off and her plain blue top was no picnic either.

It took a while but it was finally off. She stood there in a translucent, white bra. Her nipples seem large and cover a lot of her light, untanned breasts. The bra was easy so she didn't need much help. It fell to the ground and she bends to pick it up. She wasn't conservative about exposing herself to me as her vagina was being flossed by the thong beneath. Its shaved, light brown, ovalic purity captivates you, but you don't want to show it. 

"Were you staring at me? I can tell by the blushing" she says to me. I blushed a little, but said no as I hid my cheeks with my bikini top. She turns and stepped towards me, saying jokingly that now she must see mine to even things out. She can see my cheeks were a light red and made fun of me for being too scared of a girl. She made an open palm swing at my ass, grabbed a handful and pulled me closer. She was practically massaging it, so I returned the favour and did the same to hers. Her smooth, full cheek was so hot and relaxing. It was a bluff that led to her suddenly kissing me. I don't know what to do so I just let her tongue do the talking. It was an enticing dance in my mouth and I felt a little disappointed when she pulled away. "We'd make good lovers, huh?" she asked rhetorically. I was still too dumbfounded to answer, so we changed and left the room.

We both went down and laid down on our towels, just tanning. She wore a provocative, black, backless one piece that left her ass hanging out. It wasn't to my surprise she'd lie down on her stomach first. I stayed on my back instead. There was no way my confidence was high enough to have my cheeks out like that. We talked about what we would do after school, our crazy experiences, some of the most annoying people we encountered and more gossip about the rest of our friends. Out of nowhere, some guy with more speakers in his car than tires, glass and seats combined began blaring the radio. I don't know how, but Alisha began to be more eccentric, singing along, grinding on the towel and inviting me to do the same. When I declined, she invaded personal space yet again, standing over me and picking me up by my hand, leading to the water.

When it was at stomach height, we stopped walking outwards and she continued dancing to the music. I feel like she dragged me out there so we can be a little freer. I joined in with a hip sway here and there, but never being satisfied with what I do, Alisha backed up onto me, grinding her ass on my bikini front like she was backing onto some imaginary dick. I could only laugh in humiliation but soon followed suit following her motions smoothly, rapping my hand around her thigh and just slowly arching her forward. It amazed me how well she moved in that much water. This went on until we realised people were watching. At that point I stopped but Alisha just stuck a tongue out and carried on.

She went on for a bit while I just swam around a bit, keeping my limbs active. She got a little tired of it and joined me in a swim until we were dripping head to toe. Headed back to our towels on the shore, she pointed at a set of guys who were watching her carry on. Some waved, some gestured with their dicks, throwing jabs at us with it. We couldn't help but just give them a view of our bodies once more before we headed to dry up and change. It was so unlike me but I felt pretty sexy and confident doing it. We grabbed our bags, talking about which guy we'd take if we were sluts. She unsurprisingly wanted the tall, buff, dark guy with the swinging junk in basketball shorts. I wanted either him or his friend in a speedo behind him who stood, arms extended, while he shook all the water from his head.

Back into the changing room, we decided to share it again to save time. Her one piece was easy to come off as she slipped it off her shoulders, showing everything I saw and felt earlier, but in its pure nude form. Thanks to the confidence I felt before coming in, I was able to strip and be the same way in front of her. I had to reach from behind her to get my towel, but slipped forward and our bodies touched. She was quite warm and her ass on my crotch was nice too. She had to brace and put her hands on the wall so our position was awkward. I backed off then she turned. I immediately apologised when she did and she just cast it aside. She even joked. "I wouldn't have minded if you had penetrated if you had a dick. It's hot thinking of you banging me like that." It was then that my blush returned. Alisha wasn't one to shy away at a chance to do something sexy so she whispered to me, "Touch my pussy, will you?"

I had a look of shock at the request then started attempting to cover myself. "Are you crazy? Why do you want me do that?" I asked, with a bit of curiosity. She said that grinding on me, seeing the guys and feeling me on her a minute ago had her a little hot. I would've been lying if I said I didn't like it too, but I was trying to keep myself from going insane with power. I would still give in, though, as no matter what lame excuse she gave, I wanted to touch her pussy.

Her legs opened about shoulder width and she leaned back onto the wall. I looked for a few seconds to obtain a clear picture of it. She had an innie vagina with the lips inside, surrounded by a thick outer layer with her clit barely visible. With no warning, I leaned into her and just passed my index finger along the line of the opening. I was slow and gentle but soon sped up as I felt moisture just oozing through onto my finger. Alisha went from smiling to her eyes closed, deep breaths, her hands gripping her bag behind her tighter and tighter. I soon invited myself to get inside her and went in with 2 fingers. There was no objection so I continued. I stared dead at her face as I went on, while she just remained quiet, loving every inch. 

Deciding for myself to take full advantage of the moment, got on my knee and licked her pussy for a bit. From using tip to all that I can stretched, I collected what discharge came out from her vagina in my mouth as I passed with every lick. Her hands just rested on the top of my head as I progressed to her clit, suckling at it like a newborn. My finger was reintroduced in her pussy with even more moisture to slip in. You could hear my finger going in and out at this pint thanks to her. She would then grip my head, letting out a satisfactory "Oh, yes" as there was even more thick, clear liquid coming out, almost like I was drinking from a tap. It was a slow, steady low for about 2 seconds but filled my mouth halfway as I could see her pussy twitch and her asshole contract. It was my first time seeing an orgasm on a girl and was so gorgeous.

I wasn't one to do something like that and not get something in return. I backed up and asked if she could do it to me too. I was a little more assertive but still shy about it. Alisha, being a little more aggressive, grabbed hold of my left tit with one hand and my vagina with the other. Finger by finger, she got into me until there were three and she just flicked around in there, like I was an itch. I squealed as it was out of nowhere but had to cover my mouth fast. I got it done, but having her nestle into my chest and biting my lengthy nipple didn't help me.

From out of nowhere, she came up and turned me around, arching me forward and spreading my ass. I had never done anything anally so I was ready to just clamp my ass shut on her fingers. She instead buried her face in and licked at my pussy still, leaving my ass clear. It was too good, I could barely continue to stand and leaned hands first onto the wall in front of me. She kept making slurp sounds as her saliva found its way onto me. I had to tell her to quiet down to avoid suspicion. Her tongue flicks slowed down and go quieter, but she would soon stand and go back to fingers. At this angle, she hit the lower vagina walls and that really got me going. Alisha would caress by boob and kiss my neck while blasting me into orgasmic oblivion, to really complete the experience. With just a minute of this, I couldn't control my ass clapping shut and my legs giving way as my hips thrusted lightly with each chill that ran through me.

We stood there after I recovered, just looking at each other and laughing about what just happened. I asked her what all this means, but she was so casual about saying "It means nothing. We felt hot, we screwed each other. There's no more to it." It made dressing back a little les awkward but I still feel like there was something between us during that quick session. After dressing, we left the dressing room, with me looking back to see if anyone saw us. She said to relax or I'll draw attention to us. It wasn't easy as it's not often I bang my best friend in a changing room on the beach. But it opened the door to quite the college experience.