 It was choir tour and I was rooming with my friends Tracy, Anna, and Juliet. I had had a crush on Juliet for a couple of years by this point, even though I hadn't even known her name let alone talked to her until this year. I had always been attracted to her physically. She was very much my type: gorgeous, voluptuous curves, long dark hair, glasses--all my ideals. Now, after getting to know her, I was becoming attracted to her on other levels as well. She was intelligent, funny, and extremely musically talented--again, all things that I found to be major turn-ons.

One night after a full day of traveling and performing, it was finally time to lay back, relax, and enjoy some down time. Tracy was going out with her boyfriend, Jared, who sang in the tenor section in choir with us, and Anna decided to head down to the pool with some of our other friends, leaving Juliet and I alone in the room. We changed into our pajamas and after watching a little TV and making a valiant attempt to do some homework, we got to chatting about boyfriends she'd had, girlfriends and boyfriends I'd had, and crushes we'd both had.

"So how are things going with Miguel?" I asked, referencing her most recent boyfriend.

"We just broke up actually," she said, disappointment obvious in her voice.

"I'm so sorry to hear that, hun," I replied, "Can I ask why?"

"I've had my fair share of boyfriends," Juliet began, "but Miguel was the first really serious one. He wanted to... you know... do things with me that I just wasn't ready for, things that I had no desire to do."

"Well that makes sense, I mean, if you weren't ready you should wait..."

"It wasn't just a matter of simply waiting till I'm ready," she interrupted defensively. "I am ready. Just not with him. I've always been slightly uncomfortable with the guys that I've been with. Miguel was the first one that I'd comfortable enough with to go further than just kissing, and even though I thought I was ok with that, it was still awkward for me."

"What exactly do you mean when you say that guys make you feel awkward?" I asked, trying to mask the wishful thinking from my face and yearning in my voice.

"I don't even know how to describe it. The boys I've been with just always seemed to fall short of my expectations. When I'd kiss them, something didn't feel right. It wasn't what I wanted. I don't even know if this makes any sense..." she trailed off.


"I think I can understand. That's how I used to feel before I realized that I was gay, before I came out."

"Are you saying that you think I might be gay?" Juliet asked, a curious look on her face.

"No, not necessarily," I began. "I'm just trying to relate to you, to comfort you."

"Thanks," she replied, reaching across the expanse between to two beds to grab my hand. "Your concern means a lot to me. You're a good friend."

"You're welcome"

Our eyes met, and we stayed in that position, gazed and fingers locked for what felt like forever, though it was only for a moment. A loud noise from the TV that was still on startled us back to the present.

"So, Alexa," Juliet began in a slightly nervous yet lusty tone, "I've been getting the impression, even before this conversation tonight, that you like me, as more than a friend. Is this true? Do you really have a crush on me?"

Busted! I'd had crushes on straight friends before, but I didn't think it was that obvious this time around. What else could I do but be honest? After all, she was my friend.

"You have a lot going for you, Juliet. You're smart, talented, funny, fun to be with, and not to mention completely gorgeous. What's not to like? Any guy would be lucky to have you. But," I continued, "just because I do have feelings for you doesn't mean I'll act on them. You're my friend and I wouldn't want to ruin that."

"That's too bad," Juliet replied, moving from her bed to mine to sit next to me. "I think you were actually on the right track when you implied that I could be gay."

"I never meant to imply that..."

She held her finger to my lips, shushing me. "I figured you had feelings for me for quite sometime and lately I found myself wondering what it would be like to kiss another woman... to kiss you."

And with that, Juliet leaned in and kissed me. I obliged and kissed her back, gently at first, then more intensely, pulling her down onto the bed with me. I rolled her onto her back and began to ravage my way down her neck. I could tell by the little moans escaping her mouth that she was enjoying herself. As my hand subconsciously began to creep its way under her tank-top and up towards her naked breasts, I paused briefly to make sure she was ok with everything.

"Please, Alexa!" she pleaded. "Don't stop!"

With that her tank-top came off, as well as my own. I began kissing her neck again, gradually making my way down to her perfect, round, C-cup breasts. I played with one of her already hardened nipples with my tongue before taking it into my mouth, causing her to moan even louder and her breathing to quicken. I rolled her other nipple around between my fingers.

After alternating these actions between her two nipples, I began to set my sights elsewhere, kissing my way down her stomach and her hips. When I reached her hips, she let out a yelp that I was sure the choir members in the neighboring room heard. I needed to hear that again. I traced a line with my tongue to her other hip and received the same reaction. I continued tracing that line, pausing each time when I'd reach the bone to let my tongue play. Her thrashing and jerking and little yelps told me that I was driving her wild. I wanted to drive her even closer to the edge.

As I began to pull off her pajama bottoms, I again paused to ask if she wanted me to continue. As if to say yes, she pulled me on top of her, began sucking on one of my very perky nipples, and pulled off my pajama bottoms.

"Mmmm, harder, rougher," I moaned pleadingly.

Juliet honored my wishes, biting down on my nipple in her mouth and twisting my other one roughly between her fingers. After enjoying the attention for a while, I kissed her on the lips and resumed my path down her torso and finished pulling off her bottoms, revealing her already wet pussy.

"I've never done this before," Juliet said looking me directly in the eye as if to convey her seriousness, "not even with a guy, but I trust you Alexa. You make me feel more comfortable and more myself than any of my other friends and any guy I've ever been with. Alexa, I really want my first time to be with you."

She leaned in and kissed me gently. With this encouragement, I spread apart her already juicy lips and began to lightly flick her clit with my experienced tongue. What my tongue lacked in size I made up for with enthusiasm and ability. I quickened my pace and applied more pressure. Her body began to shake and her moans grew louder and louder as she began to approach her breaking point. But I didn't want her first orgasm to pass so quickly, so I backed off a little, moving my tongue about in slower circles.

"Please, Alexa! More! Faster! Fuck me please!" she pleaded.

I quickened my circles. I took her entire clit into my mouth, sucking off all of Juliet's sweet juices. She began to squeal and I knew again that she was approaching orgasm. As I slipped my tongue inside her virgin pussy, her body began to convulse uncontrollably.

"Oh my God!" she exclaimed.

"I prefer goddess," I replied wittily.

"That was amazing" she said exhausted.

"Don't get tired on me now," I said. "I'm not done with you yet. That was just the beginning."

A confused look crossed her face. "Just the begin..."

I interrupted her with a kiss. As we continued kissing, I slowly and gently I wriggled a finger into her hot pussy. A squeal of glee escaped her lips. She was way too tight for more than one, but I knew I wouldn't need more than that anyway to make her cum. As I pumped my finger in and out, she began to beg for more.

I quickened both my pace and began kissing her neck. She moaned with pleasure. I began to kiss my way down to that magic spot on her hips that I had found before. As I reached the spot, I pushed in a little further, reaching her g-spot. This combination sent her body into a series of spasms as she reached full-tilt orgasm. She grabbed my hair, moaning, and pushed my face into her cunt. I greedily licked up all of her sweet juices that were flowing out over my hand.

I gradually slowed my pace as her body started calming. I pulled my finger out, sucking it clean and then proceeded to wipe my face clean. I crawled next to Juliet and laid next to her, wondering if the choir members in the room next-door had heard everything and knew what had just taken place. I could tell Juliet was exhausted; her breathing was heavy as starred at me with wide-eyed amazement.

"So," I began, "How was that for your first time?"

"It was everything I'd imagined and more," Juliet replied. "But next time, I think I'll have to return the favor."

"Next time?" I inquired.

"Yes, next time. But for right now we should probably find our pajamas and return to our respective beds before Anna and Tracy get back; it is almost curfew."

And with that we pulled our pajamas back on. We shared one last embrace and one final kiss before Juliet crawled back into her own bed. The other girls came back a little while later for curfew, completely unaware of the events that had taken place only minutes before.

"So what did you girls do tonight?" Anna asked.

"Not much," Juliet replied, sending a sly wink in my direction.

"Not much at all," I confirmed, returning the wink.