 What a year it had been! The passion between Juliet and I had continued, including getting walked in on and outed by her roommates. However, with the end of the school year fast approaching and graduation for myself, I wondered where our relationship was headed.

It was Oratorio, the final concert of the year. It's a concert performed by all the choirs as one mass choir. This year we would be performing Memorial, a work written by one our choir directors. An orchestral piece was also going to be added to the program this year. Juliet had been chosen as the accompanist for all the of the choirs. It was amazing to watch her play during all the rehearsals; so confident-such a turn on! We left the final rehearsal before the concert and headed hand in hand to the dinning hall for supper.

"Jules," I started, giving her a quick peck on the cheek, "I'd like to make tomorrow night a special night to celebrate."

"What are we celebrating?" she inquired, slowing her pace and flashing me one of her sexy smiles that always makes me cream.

"Our final concert, you landing the position as accompanist, and," I added as I stopped walking altogether and pulled her in close, "us and these amazing last several months together."

"I'd like that a lot," said Juliet as she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me with her soft, full lips. 

We continued to kiss a little while longer under the bell tower. I could feel people's gazes as they past, but I didn't care and I was glad Juliet had finally come out of the closet and no longer cared either. I loved the way her lips felt on mine, and they tasted so sweet. And I loved the way her voluptuous curves felt in my arms; soft and smooth, just the way a woman should feel. It was all we could do to pry ourselves apart and head to dinner where our friends were waiting.

With the concert being the next day, we decided it was best to get out sleep and not spend the night together. It was so hard to wait to see Juliet the next day. Being a year ahead of her we had no classes together. Our schedules didn't even line up to make lunch, supper, or any other break together a possibility. I was anxious and fidgety in all of my classes. I did manage to sneak over to the nearest flower shop to get a surprise for her though: a long stemmed white rose, her favorite flower.

I headed over to the music building in my lovely shorts, tank top, and nylons combo that all of us women wear under our choir robes (those things get really hot!). I wanted to get there early enough to find a good parking spot before people started arriving for the concert. I also wanted to get there early enough to spend some time with Juliet, but she was nowhere to be found. I tried our usual spot, the infamous private practice room where we'd our second encounter (and many more since). I rushed down the hall, rose in hand, to the last practice room with the window covered up. Not having a key myself, I knocked on the door. No Juliet.

As more and more choir members started showing up to adorn their robes, I began to get a little worried. I stowed the rose in my horn locker and then I, too, slipped into my robe.

"Places everyone!" called the voice Dan, of one of the choir managers. "The orchestra is about to go on stage and perform their piece. I need everyone to line up backstage."

As I, along with the rest of the choir members, started to walk to auditorium to find our places, I finally caught a glimpse those beautiful dark curls I'd been looking for. Even with her back turned to me and her robe on, I'd know those curves anywhere.

"Hey there beautiful!" I called excitedly as I caught up with her.

Juliet turned to look at me. I could see her anxiety written all over her face and tears in her eyes. This was not the confident woman at the piano I'd seen just the day before. I'd never seen her like this.

"What is the matter, Jules?" I asked, enfolding her in a tight embrace.

"I'm just so nervous!" she sobbed into my shoulder. "I barely slept a wink last night. I've never played in front of this many people or accompanied this large of a group. What if I mess up? What if I make a fool of myself? What if I ruin the entire concer..."

"Shhh," I whispered, placing my finger lightly over her soft, pink lips. I took her hand and led her over to quiet, secluded spot behind some extra risers that were stacked up backstage. "Everything is going to be ok. None of those things is going to happen. You are the most talented person I know. You just need to relax."

Juliet let out a big sigh and nuzzled into my chest, "I don't know if I can."

I lifted her chin with my finger, gave her a light kiss and looked her in the eyes, "You just leave that to me."

I began to kiss her again, this time more passionately. I could hear an applause and the orchestra started their piece, Adagio for Strings by Samuel Barber. It wasn't an overly long work, about 10 minutes, but I knew we would have just enough of time to finish and get back to our places.

Pushing her up against the stacked risers, I paused from kissing her to unzip her robe, revealing not an identical outfit to mine underneath, but a gorgeous and sexy little, strapless dress. She looked so hot. A little bit of lace, nicely emphasizing her cleavage; that nice shade of pink that compliments her skin tone so well. I had to steal a moment to just stare at her and take in my prize.

Back to business, I began kissing her again, forcefully this time, working my way down to her neck. She began to moan. Hopefully the rest of the choir members couldn't hear us over the orchestra. My hands began to wander, as if taking on lives of their own. I could feel her body in all of it's voluptuousness. One of my hand sneaked into the top of her dress and to my joyous surprise, I found she was wearing no bra and her nipples were hard and ready for me. I pinched them hard and rolled them between my fingers. This caused her to let out a yelp. Luckily this occurred as the orchestra had reached a fortissimo. 

Setting my sights else where, I was very glad she'd chosen to wear a dress. I dropped to my knees, lifted her skirt, and pulled down her nylons to discover another fortunate surprise: no underwear!

She must have noticed my surprise and delight, because she blushed and said, "Well, you wanted to make tonight special."

Recognizing where the orchestra was at in their piece, I knew I needed to get back to the matter at hand. I began ravaging the areas on her hips that drive her crazy, the same areas I'd discovered the first night we'd made love. Her breath quickened along with the tempo of our orchestral accompaniment and her body began to wriggle and writhe. As my tongue and mouth wandered, I drove three fingers into her sopping wet pussy. I pumped them in and out, slowly at first, then increase my tempo, harder and faster, crescendoing with the music. This caused the volume of her moaning to increase, I noise I love to hear!

Again, taking my cue from the orchestra, I traced my tongue from her hips to her now engorged and red clit. I could tell this would not take much longer. She was ripe and ready to burst. I took her into my mouth , labia and clit and all and sucked hard. She let out a squeal, again making me thankful for the orchestra that masked us. I began flicking my tongue against her clit, faster and faster, just like the vibrating strings playing on stage. As I pumped and licked, I could feel Juliet's body tense as she approached her orgasm. Harder, harder; faster, faster.

"AHHHH!" she cried out as she reached that sweet release. I'm not even sure the orchestra was able to drown that one out.

Her body began to relax, decrescendoing along with the music. I removed my fingers, sucking them clean of all her juices and cleaned up my face. Juliet sank down the risers to the floor next to me.

"Wow," she said breathlessly, "that was just what I needed."

"So are you relaxed now?" I asked, a sly grin creeping across my face.

"Oh yeah!" she answered wide eyed.

We rested there against the risers in each others arms for a few moments and enjoyed the music as the orchestra finished their piece. As the audience applauded them and they took their bows, we gave a quick kiss and rushed back to find our places with the rest of the choirs.

"Where have you been?" my friend Kate asked as I found my spot between her and my other friend Heidi.

"We were beginning to worry you were sick or something," added Heidi.

"Just needed to get some air and a drink of water, that's all," I replied, trying to keep a poker face.

"Uh huh, air and water... Yeah right!" mocked Kate. Obviously I don't have a very good poker face.

Before I could give any sort of retort, it was time to make our entrance on stage. The concert went beautifully! Memorial is an incredibly moving piece and the mass choir performed it with such emotion it drove many choir members and members of the audience to tears. Juliet was enchanting and flawless at the piano. Her hands moved with such beauty and ease, her dark curls bouncing gracefully as she worked her way around the piano; it was as if she was ebbing an flowing with the music, becoming one with it. I found it nearly impossible to take my eyes off her.

After the concert, everyone headed back to the music building to hang up their robes. I headed to my horn locker, away from the crowded choir lockers, to deposit my music.

"Thanks again for helping to ease my tension," said Juliet, coming up to my locker . She wrapped her arms around me from behind and rested her head on my shoulder.

"Anytime, Jules," I replied as I pivoted in her arms to face her. We kissed for a moment.

"Oh! I almost forgot..." I said breaking the kiss to dig in my locker, pullng out the long stemmed rose, "this is for you. I remembered you said white roses were your favor..."

"It's beautiful!" she interrupted. 

She began kissing me again, more passionately this time, grabbing my ass. I loved the way her body pressed against mine as she backed me into the lockers. She began to kiss my neck and nip at my earlobe, sending shivers down my spine and causing that wonderful, wet feeling between my legs that she always seems to cause.

"How about we take this back to your place," she coyly whispered into my ear.

"Uh huh," was about the only thing I could manage to reply.

Grabbing her hand, I lead the way out the music building to my car. Luckily, I'd found parking fairly close the parking lot exit, so we were able to zip right out. Even though the ride only took about 3 minutes, it felt like forever! We rushed in the door, frantically making-out, causing u to nearly tumble down the stairs. Juliet pushed me up against the door, much in the same manner that she had pushed me against the lockers, as I fumbled to find the key and unlock the door.

At last, we were finally in my apartment. It was as if two wild animals had been unleashed with in us! We began to tear each others close off; tank tops, shorts, dresses, and nylons flying everywhere. I tackled her onto the futon in my living room and began to ravage her body. Taking one of her hard nipples of her perfect, C-cup breasts into my mouth, I began to suck hard, nipping here and there, while my fingers began pinching and rolling around the other.

"Ahh," she cried. I hoped my neighbors weren't home and listening to this (not that they probably hadn't heard it previously on other occasions).

Again, just as during the concert, I switched gears, licking and kissing my way down to her hips. Grabbing her ass, I drove my face into the magic place that makes her squirm and she let out yet another squeal of delight. My tongue found its way to her cunt and began licking up her sweet juices, causing her body to twist and turn in delight. I sat up, wiping of my mouth, giving her a sly grin.

"Wait! Where are you going?!" Juliet asked me as I got up off the futon, desperation evident in her voice.

"The rose wasn't the only surprise I got for you today," I called from the bedroom.

While going to the flower shop, I had also taken time to stop by the local adult toy store. I emerged from the bedroom wearing my purchase: a rather large black strap-on. Juliet let out a gasp. I could see the excitement and surprise on her face.

"Will that fi..." she began to ask, eyeing the girth and length.

"Oh yeah," I interrupted, lubing it up. "It'll fit."

With that, I grabbed her again, tacking her back onto the futon. Kissing her hard, I took hold of the strap-on and began to slowly and gently work it into her pussy. A soft moan escaped her lips. Little by little, I worked it in further, pumping it back and forth, in and out. Her breathing began to quicken as I pumped faster and harder.

"Told you it would fit," I said coyly, as I slipped the last of it into her pussy.

I lifted her legs into the air and began to plow her, ramming it in and out. Harder, faster. Juliet grabbed one the pillows that had been tossed aside and began to bite it, stifling her moans and screams. I began to slow down to ask if she was ok, if it was too hard, and was met with great protest.

"No don't slow down! Don't stop now!" Juliet begged. "It feels so good!"

Permission granted, I continued to pound away at her. Without skipping a beat or pulling out, I rolled her so she was on all fours, and began to go at her doggy style. I loved being able to see and feel her round, full ass bouncing off of me as I drove the strap-on into her. I reached my arms around and underneath her and took hold of her nipples. One in each hand, I squeezed and pinched them, rolling them around hard between my fingers.

"Ooohhh! Please, Alexa, please!" Juliet pleaded.

Pulling out of her, I rolled Juliet back onto her back. Ripping off the strap-on, I took hold of her hair, pulling her up to face me, and kissed her hard.

Still gripping her hair, I questioned, "You like to take orders, right?"

"Only from you," she retorted, smiling gleefully.

"I'm going to sit on your face," I started, "and you're going to suck my pussy. Is that understood."

"Yes, ma'am," she playfully replied.

I laid her back onto her back and kissed her once more before turning around to mount her face. She began to greedily lick up all my juices that had been flowing since the end of rehearsal the day before. As she continued to lick, I laid down on top of her in the 69 position and began to lick her as well. This must have surprised her, because she stopped short and let out a little yelp of glee. Both continuing, our bodies began to move rhythmically together. We were so in-tune to each other, it was as if we were two instruments playing the same music harmoniously together. Our bodies began to shake and tense as we both crescendoed to the fortissimo that was our orgasms. We reached climax simultaneously, releasing together in shear delight. I dismounted Juliet, again wiping my face, and lay back down next to her and held her tight in my arms.

"Now that, Alexa," Juliet began, "was as masterpiece!"

Graduation just around the corner, I wondered what the future had in-store for us.