 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content and non-consensual or reluctant sex.

This is a continuation of mother daughter bonding, if you haven't seen that then you may be a little confused. All characters either eighteen or older. No one in the story is underage.

With all that said I hope you enjoy. 

*

The Monday after, the best weekend ever. I went to school as normal and usually I would have to suffer through: double maths, then double chemistry and then psychology. But today was different, all I could think about was, how great it felt to have my pussy licked. 

After school, I skipped home, as happy as could be and swung door to my house wide open. 

"Mum, I'm home." 

"Okay sweetie. Go into the kitchen and close your eyes, I have a surprise." 

I walked into the kitchen and became really giddy, I didn't know what my mother had planned, but I was very excited, I closed my eyes. "Okay, I'm ready." Then my mother crept up behind me making very little noise and then gave me a big hug. 

Mother was naked, I could feel her big, soft, natural tits pushing into my back, her hard nipples poking my back. Juice flooded my knickers, I let out a slight moan, without a word my mother yanked my pants and underwear down and bent me over the countertop. She squeezed my tight little butt, then gave a quick peck to both cheeks. 

Smack... Smack... Smack... My mother started slapping my arse. 

"Ouch! That hurts." Mother grabbed my face tightly and got her lips close to my ear. 

"Look Missy, we have till tonight before your father and brother get back and we put this weekend behind us. So if you don't stop your complaining, I will stop and we won't do this again." 

"Sorry, mum." I bent back over the counter. 

Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... "And an extra one for winging." Smack... 

After turning my ass red mum bent over a little and gave me a single lick in my crack before standing and turning me round. 

"Kneel." She pushed me down until my mouth was hovering above her pussy. "Sniff." Mother jerked forward, slamming her pussy onto my face. 

"What are you waiting for, get your nose in my pussy." 

I did as she said and took a deep inhale, her scent was incredible the lewd smell made my whole body shiver. She grinded on my face for while being very forceful. Mother was clearly very horny. 

My tongue shot out of my mouth without warning going crazy, slobbering over mother's juicy snatch, my tongue craving that sweet nectar. My mother had put both her hands on my head and was pushing me into her sex. The sounds coming out of her mouth, most mothers would try to keep them bottled up, but I guess this weekend has allowed her to show her true self. A few moments later I had my tongue deep into her cunt, wiggling it around inside, until my mother couldn't take any more, she let out an almighty groan as her she sprayed my face then dropped to her knees trying to catch her breath. 

Once mother had calmed down, she threw me over her shoulder and carried me to her room. Mum dropped me on the bed, then got a few things from her bedside table and lay them on the bed. First she took a blindfold and put it over my eyes so I couldn't see. 

"Erm, mum, what are we doing?" 

"Quiet." 

"But, mum." 

"Shut it!" 

I sheepishly shut my mouth and just let her do as she wants. Mother moved me over, I guess to the bottom of the bed, I couldn't see and then I think she handcuffed me. Something metal had tightly closed around my hands and and I couldn't move them very far. 

"M-mum, what are we doing?" She slapped me across the face. "I told you to shut up." I wanted to rub my cheek but I couldn't. 

"Don't worry, you'll like it."

I felt her tongue lick my ass, her face moved up and down as she licked the full length of the slit and then stopped on my tightly closed hole. She gently, teased me with the tip of her pointed tongue slowly edging it inside of me. It felt amazing, the sensation made my sex very wet, I moved my hand to rub my pussy but forgot about the chain so my hand barely moved. 

"I don't think so, if you want to cum, you do it from your arse." 

After saying that she withdrew her tongue from my brown hole, then I felt something cold at slimy on my brown hole. 

"What is that?" There was no answer. Putting one hand on my ass she guided some object, to the entrance to my rear, I had no Idea what it could be. She pushed the tip, I think, into my booty, moved it around a bit with her hand. It felt nice I didn't think something up my arse would feel good, guess I was wrong. Mother gripped both sides of me then pushed forward, hard, it was big, it was hard and it was up my ass.

Before I could get used to the feeling, mum had started pushing, in and out. It hurt in the beginning, but after the tenth pump I sort of liked the feeling, it was different, but good. Huffing and puffing, I was getting real close to cumming, but then my mother suddenly pulled out fast right before I climaxed. 

"Huh, why'd you stop?" 

"I forgive you." 

"Forgive me for what." I was still breathless from the fucking. 

"For hypnotising me, abusing me. I have now forgiven you, not letting you cum seems like a good punishment if you ask me." Mother started chuckling to herself. 

"Oh, right, I forgot." 

"No masturbating either for the rest of the night, so I want that door of yours to stay wide open. Oh no bating in the morning either." 

"Okay." 

I ached so much for the rest of the day couldn't even welcome my brother and father back without thinking how good it would be to just finger myself. 

After a very restless night, I was a little moody, didn't make any conversation in the morning, I just got my breakfast and left for college. I was really pissed off I always played with myself before college it clears my head and helps me think. 

By lunch time I had, enough, I cornered Sophie, one of my classmates, oldest in the year, tall, blonde, tits not too big, but not too small either. I took out my pendent, and swung it in her face. After ten swings, Sophie was mine. Normally I would be giggling to myself at what I might have her do, but right now was time for business, time to set up my fun. 

"Until the end of college you will act normally." 

"Yes." 

"You will wait behind in the classroom after the bell goes." 

"Yes." 

"After the students have left, you will grab miss Briggs and hold her in place for me." 

"Yes." 

"In this trance you will respond with, yes mistress." 

"Yes, mistress." 

At the end of biology, Sophie did, indeed, wait till everyone had gone and firmly held miss Briggs in place while I used my necklace to take control of the hot young teacher, not much older than myself and Sophie. I fake laughed to myself, the thought of having two servants to do my bidding. Now I started giggling. 

"Miss Briggs, you will refer to me as mistress." 

"Yes, mistress." 

"You will do what I say without question. Understand?" 

"Yes, mistress." 

"Good. Sophie, you will do what I say without question." 

"Yes, mistress." 

I put my necklace down on one of the tables and then walked over to close and lock the door. 

"Sophie, help miss Briggs out of her clothes." 

"Yes, mistress." 

Sophie began by unzipping the back of miss Briggs' navy blue dress, then helped take her arms out of the straps. The dress fell down two Briggs' waist, revealing her huge D sized bare breasts. 

"No bra today, miss Briggs?" 

"No, mistress." 

"Do you ever wear a bra?" 

"No, mistress." 

"Naughty. miss Briggs." 

While I was asking questions Sophie had removed the dress and pulled down the teacher's panties revealing her freshly shaven pussy. 

"Oh dear miss, two students have seen you naked." I pulled down my knickers as I was teasing showing my massive bush. 

I walked up close to miss, took her hand and placed it on my hairy snatch. 

"Yeah, rub it miss. Rub it hard." I started moaning as soon as she started caressing my clit. 

"Sophie, take off your knickers and skirt and rub yourself." 

Sophie, did as I said and played with her shaven snatch, as I took control of the teacher's hand and started grinding furiously, before I forced her head down and squirted into right into my tutor's mouth. 

"Swallow." Miss gulped down my cum. 

I took all my clothes off, then stripped Sophie nude. There we were, all naked in front of each other. I sat down on the teacher's comfy chair and spread my legs wide. 

"Sophie, you put your pussy on my right thigh and Briggs, you put your cunt on my left."

"Yes, mistress." Both of them in unison 

As they sat on my legs, their juices instantly flooded out onto me. 

"Both of you, hump me." 

Together, both girls started sliding back and forth while I was dumbfounded by the four great tits in front of me. My brain didn't know what to do, I would start sucking one pair of tits and fiddling with the other, but I wanted them all and kept moving back and forth. I'm in heaven. While I was distracted with the best view in the world, Both Sophie and miss Briggs had been working hard on my legs and both climaxed at the same time and fell off my legs onto the floor taking deep breaths in and out. 

I got up off the chair, walked into the middle of the room. 

"Sophie, you kneel in front of me." 

"Yes, mistress." 

"Miss, you kneel behind me." 

"Yes, mistress." 

I smirked a little before grabbing both their heads and moved them both into my nether regions. 

"Sophie, lick, Briggs tongue." 

Two tongues came at me, one dancing on my clit the other shot straight up my ass getting in nice and deep, they both licked me very well, my heart was pounding this sensation was incredible. If this keeps up I might cum any second, I thought to myself.

"Sophie, stop. Spread my ass instead." 

That was close, don't want to come too fast. I made a deep sigh of relief, as my tutor's tongue swirled inside my little butt. 

"Ah, this is the life." 

"Alright Briggs, spread my ass and Sophie I want three fingers ramming my hole." 

"Yes, mistress." 

"Oh, WOW! My, god, fingers are much better than tongues." 

Sophie was fucking my ass hard and it was the best, sliding in and out with ease. 

"I-I'm, getting close, Sophie put your fist in, fuck me with your fist." 

"Yes, mistress." 

My ass swallowed her fist, I love this, I think I like my ass more than my pussy. 

"OH, GODDD!" 

I orgasmed so hard squirting my fluid all over the carpet, my legs buckled and I fell to the floor. I stayed there for at least five minutes, still with Sophie's perfect hand in my arse. 

After a little while, I picked myself off the floor, got dressed and got ready to leave. 

"That, was fun, but now it is time to tidy up." I tapped Sophie on the head 

"After I have left the room, you will forget everything that I have done here today." 

I left the room and hid behind the wall to hear their terror as they realised they were both naked. 

"OH MY GOD WE"RE NAKED!" 

I smirked and walked away. Although, what I did not know that me not tapping both of them, was a mistake, miss Briggs remembered everything. 

I was nearing my house, while walking home, and froze. I had forgotten the pendent. though I didn't know it at the time, miss Briggs knew I used it on her. I was going to get the biggest shock of my life. 

To be continued...