 For those under 18 or who are turned off by stories of women in sexual situations with other women, read no further. All others, feel free to enjoy...

Dedicated to my friend Toni...

* * * * *

It was a Friday night. Both Toni and Patsy's husbands had gone out of town on business. Given that their husbands were friends, they had socialized on occasion, but not on a regular basis. Toni's husband had actually suggested that, while they were gone, she might take in a movie or something with Patsy just to keep herself entertained. Toni, looking toward a very boring weekend, had figured she had nothing better to do, and she liked Patsy personally, so why not? Patsy had felt exactly the same way about the weekend. Both jumped at the opportunity to leave the kids and get out of the house on a Friday night.

Toni was in her mid forties, but still kept in shape. She was proud of her body, and worked hard to make sure the years didn't catch up to her as it did with other girlfriends she knew. Her shoulder-length, wavy and thick reddish-brown hair framed a still voluptuous and sexy face. Deep blue eyes, thick, sensual lips, high cheekbones. She also made sure that she was always properly made up and that her skin was as soft and clear as periodic facials would keep it. Her body, while not as hard and lean as it used to be years ago, still turned the guys' heads when she walked down the supermarket aisle. Large, still-firm, 36D breasts rose proudly from her chest, her waist, while not still as narrow as it used to be, was still more slender than her hips and her ass was as tight as she could make it. As a matter of fact, her ass was something her husband still liked to grab periodically. Her thighs, while fleshy, still looked good in tight jeans or one of her tight skirts. She would never again pass for one of those bouncing, Barbie-doll high school cheerleaders. But she didn't care to do that anymore. She was proud of keeping her body looking sexy and voluptuous even after having a couple of kids and making her way toward middle age. She could have been a model for plus-size fashions, and some of her friends had even suggested it.

Patsy, on the other hand, was a much darker, Italian-looking woman. She was the same age as Toni, and coincidentally had a very similar body. However, while Toni was more conservative in her dress, Patsy was much more flamboyant. Her makeup always leaned more on the heavy side, with deep burgundy--almost purple--lip gloss on equally full, lush lips, dark eye-liner and mascara that always matched her lip color. While Toni always kept her French nails at a very attractive length, Patsy's were much longer, almost always matching that favorite deep burgundy. And her clothes tended to be more on the "slutty" side, as some of Patsy's girlfriends pointed out behind her back. Ultra-tight jeans, very short mini-skirts, low-cut dresses to show off her deep cleavage. That was something in particularly that Patsy was proud of, her abundant breasts, and loved to wear cleavage-revealing sweaters, blouses and dresses. Male--and some female--eyes always were immediately drawn to those beautiful breasts when Patsy made her trips to the mall and out to socialize. Her love for lots of leopard print and black leather also helped the woman stand out in a crowd. Keeping herself statuesque, with ass cheeks jutting was always easy given her taste for very high heel pumps or boots. At a party, one always knew when Patsy was coming down the hall when her heels clicked authoritatively on the floors. And she had a personality to match. She and Dan made it a point to go dancing and clubbing every other weekend, she was always the most outgoing and flamboyant among her girlfriends, and she socialized very easily. Toni was a fun time, but not nearly as flamboyantly aggressive as Patsy was. Perhaps that's why they enjoyed each other's company so much when the four of them went out periodically. Patsy tended to draw the best and most fun out of Toni. If Toni could model for plus size skirts, blouses and cocktail dresses, Patsy would be the one modeling the lingerie and cat-suits in the same catalog.

A couple of days before their husbands would leave town for the weekend, Toni and Patsy made arrangements on the phone to take in a movie and then perhaps have a drink afterward. Their kids would be home with their respective babysitters, and the night would be theirs to decide what movie and where to have the drinks. Toni would pick up Patsy at her house and they would go on from there.

That night, Toni took great care to pick out her makeup and outfit. She knew Patsy would be at her "brassy best" and she just had too much pride to dress down in jeans and a sweater. The makeup had to be perfectly done--deep blood-red glossy lipstick with a dark lip-liner to accentuate her full, sensual mouth. Black eye-liner to frame her bright green eyes. Perfectly painted long French nails. She decided upon her frilly, white silk blouse that scooped down to reveal her own ample cleavage. The frilly material perfectly outlined the full, thrusting globes. Matching frills at the cuffs gave it almost a French look. Contrasting the blouse was a very tight brown snakeskin miniskirt that wrapped snuggly around her fleshy thighs and high, round ass. A wide brown leather belt with matching high heel pumps finished the outfit nicely. It might be a little dressy for a movie, but they were going to have drinks afterward. Beneath the shear white blouse she had to wear something that would not show through, so she picked her equally sheer white lace bra--through which her large, dark nipples could just barely be covered. Augmenting the sexy feel of the outfit, she decided to wear a white lace thong and a pair of sheer hose that held snuggly to her thighs without garters. She enjoyed wearing the nylons on special occasions, the rustling felt good as her thighs rubbed together when she walked. The last touch was her favorite perfume, touching those discreet pulse-points around her body, particularly between her breasts. A fleeting thought went through her mind that perhaps there may be some flirting with strange men A wide brown leather belt with matching high heel pumps finished the outfit nicely. at a bar after the movie. Flirting, but, of course nothing more than that. She had always been faithful to Jack over the years, even though many men had indicated a willingness to take it further. No, flirting was always a possibility but that was as far as it would go. Toni looked in the full length mirror, from the side and the front--yes, she still had that sex appeal. Perhaps a bit heavier and older, but still had it!

Toni threw on her short brown distressed-leather jacket, pulled her frilly blouse cuffs out over the jacket sleeves to give it a very stylish, European look, and kissed the kids goodnight. Off for a Friday night! She got to Patsy's, knocked on the door, and the babysitter opened. Donna, the sitter, was one of those blonde Barbie types. A very sexy girl, as much as Toni could judge that sort of thing with a young girl. 

"Hey, Toni--I'll be right down." Patsy called from upstairs.

Toni felt just a shade odd, perhaps due to a strange feeling that she was actually picking up a date for the night. But this was Patsy, another woman! How could this be a date, of all things? The thought filtered quickly out of her mind. At that point, the flamboyant Patsy came down the stairs--and was she a sight to behold!

The still-stunning brunette was wearing a skin-tight leopard-print tank top that squeezed her up-thrust ample breasts together. They stood at attention straight out from her chest! Some girls jealously claimed she had had a "boob job", but Patsy always insisted they were natural. Even though she had some sort of skimpy bra underneath, Toni could tell that Patsy's nipples were erect, pointing out in front of her. She wore a very short, soft black leather miniskirt with a small slit up one side. Her regular black leather sky-high stiletto pumps pushed her round ass up and out as the perfect match to her jutting tits. Just a breath-taking vision, even for Toni! Her hair was thick and wavy, teased away from her face, very stylishly swept into a clip in the back--wispy bangs framed her beautiful face. The makeup of course was perfect--the trademark deep burgundy/purple lips reflecting the light--long, matching dark nails, a look at home either at a disco or on the street downtown. Yes, this was classic Patsy.

"Wow, Patsy, you're looking like you're ready to kill, as usual! You know, it's only a movie, girl!" Toni's eyes involuntarily swept over Patsy's body as she shook her head and smiled, hands on hips.

"Always have to look my best, Toni--ya never know who ya might run into, ya know? Besides, it's drinks after, right? Need to have my dancin' outfit on, otherwise no little boys will ask me to dance!" Patsy smiled playfully, her very white teeth flashing--contrasting brilliantly with the very dark lipstick. "What do you think, Donna?" She looked at the young girl who was still standing there as the woman had descended the stairs. Strangely enough, Patsy put her arm around the blonde babysitter and drew her in like an old girlfriend, rubbing her shoulder.

"You look incredible, Mrs. Taylor! Hope I get to look like that when I'm your age!" A back-handed compliment that Patsy didn't seem to mind. But Donna had put her arm around Patsy's waist and returned the hug, an odd thing to do. Toni had never seen her this physical with the babysitter. Anyhow, Toni was truly impressed at how Patsy was "decked out" for the night. That girl could dress, regardless of her age! But there was something else strange, a curious feeling that Toni suddenly had upon seeing Patsy. A warmth that seemed to emanate from between her legs! Now what was this? And she found herself scanning Patsy's outfit more closely than normal. Those hard nipples, up-thrust breasts, full hairstyle, tight leather miniskirt encasing her ample hips, thighs and, when she moved to the side, she could see the round ass cheeks straining against the soft kidskin. And she could also see Patsy was wearing hose as well. What was this? Was she "checking her out"? How strange!

Anyhow, Toni's reflections were broken by the gorgeous brunette in front of her. "Okay, let's get out of here, girlfriend--it's Friday night! Donna, have fun, but not too much fun. I'm gone for the night. Call me on my cell if you need me, but otherwise, don't bother me! I'm outta here!" Patsy grabbed her matching black leather jacket, pocketbook, and took Toni's hand. "My date is here, and we're gone! Come on, Toni, let's go before the boys remember what they're missing and decide to turn their flight around!"

Toni smiled, getting into the swing of things, "Yeah, let's go baby! It's girl's night out!" She clasped Patsy's warm hand and they left the house. Hearing Donna's last words, "Have fun you two!", gave her some strange naughty thrill. Why was that? The tone of Donna's voice? Was there some message in it?

They got into Toni's car, decided on a movie quickly and drove to the nearby theater. It was an older movie, a romance they had both wanted to see that the boys didn't. When they got to the theater, Patsy drew the stares of the few movie-goers in her sexy outfit and walking that indolent, "fuck me" walk that she had. And for some strange reason, Toni realized her own eyes were still roving over her girlfriend's body--particularly that black leather-encased ass. The woman even walked a half-step behind her girlfriend just to dart her eyes over the full cheeks as they moved tightly together. They were quick glances, but appreciative ones that continued to stoke some kind of warmth between Toni's legs. She knew Patsy enjoyed the attention out in public. It was her "thing". But she guessed that the brunette was unaware of her girlfriend's own attention to her.

Moving into the theater, they found that both had a habit of sitting in the back of the auditorium. The movie had been out for a while, and few people were there with them. But, while they could have sat further up, they decided to go to the back, center. As they climbed the steps to the rear, Toni remained slightly behind Patsy and continued to eye those delectable ass cheeks and hose-encased thighs, swishing as they moved. Just like hers. This was all so strange! 

Toni and Patsy took off their leather jackets and draped them on the seats in front of themselves. They passed the time commenting on how they admired each other's outfits, asking where they got them, etc.

"That's a beautiful blouse, Toni. I don't think I've ever seen one like it. I'd love it if you could lend it to me some time. Would you do that?"

"Of course, Pat--any time, just let me know. It's a bit conservative for you, though, isn't it?"

"No, it looks great on you, and I bet it would just feel great on me." Patsy fingered the ruffles around Toni's low neckline. They were sitting next to each other, in very close proximity. Toni could smell Patsy's own perfume, and felt a bit flushed when the sexy woman put her fingers to those ruffles--so close to her own breasts. So near. Hey, did her nipples harden? What was this?

Before she had a chance to think about it further, the lights began to dim for the coming attractions. The two incredibly sexy forty-year old women, both dressed to kill, turned to the screen and leaned sideways to each other. Shoulders touched. A warmth began to exude between them. Their perfume intermingled.

As the coming attractions flickered across the screen and the movie began, Toni was having a hard time concentrating on the images before her. A sensual combination of odors was enveloping her. A combination of Patsy's perfume, and the sexy smell of fresh leather from the woman's skirt. It must have been a new kidskin, because it had not yet lost that leather scent. These smells, plus the warmth of Patsy's body as she leaned in toward her was starting a strange feeling in Toni's cunt. It was giving her goose bumps! This had never happened to her before with a woman, especially with her friend Patsy! She tried to focus on the screen, but instead was listening to Patsy's soft breathing next to her, sneaking a peak at those rising and falling breasts beneath the tiger print tank top.

The movie was only about 15 minutes old when something very strange happened. Toni was so distracted by Patsy's presence next to her that she almost didn't even notice. But it happened. They shared the arm rest between them, hands casually draped over the upholstered end. Suddenly, Toni became aware that Patsy was lightly scratching the back of her hand with her long burgundy nails. It was almost a caress. Nothing more but a soft and casual scratching of the back of her hand. What was this? Toni's attention zoomed straight to her right hand. Was this just some simple flirtation? This went on for a few minutes when, instead of withdrawing her hand, for some reason Toni turned her palm upward so those long, sexy nails could scratch the palm of her hand. Should she respond now? Almost instinctually, Toni caressed back--entwining her fingers with Patsy's. The action between the girls' hands began to advance rapidly from the slight scratching of nails on skin to a mutual caressing of fingers. Toni's heart was thumping in her ample chest. She didn't dare look at the woman next to her, but stole glances at the two hands moving together. Her flesh was tingling! Where was this leading? Was this just a sign of friendship from Patsy, or something more? The caressing continued for around ten heart-bumping minutes until the question was answered...

Patsy clasped Toni's entwined fingers, caressing with just her long thumbnail. But she shifted slightly more toward her redheaded girlfriend and began to move Toni's hand down into her lap! Suddenly Toni could feel the back of her hand pressing down into that supple black kidskin in front of the brunette's cunt! Patsy resumed the caressing of entwined fingers, but was putting more pressure on the woman's hand into her lap. This was no subtle show of friendship now. The purpose was obvious at this point. But the thing that surprised Toni the most was not that her girlfriend was making a pass at her, but that she actually was sexually responding to it!

Patsy uncrossed her legs so that she was pressing Toni's hand directly down on her lap. The nylon rustled between her legs, exciting the redhead sitting next to her. Their hands were becoming warmly moist. Sweat began to form on Toni's upper lip and in her ample cleavage. The movie had definitely lost her attention. It could have been a blank screen for all she cared at this point. Her sexy, big-busted girlfriend was beginning to proactively rub the back of her hand into her leather-covered cunt! Now was the time when Toni had to either cross the line or remove her hand and pretend nothing had happened. This was going in a direction that their relationship had never been before--in the back of a darkened movie theater! Toni's nipples were hardening, her skin was literally tingling. There was no turning back! The redhead began to take an active part in the sexual foreplay between them. She started stroking the back of her hand into Patsy's heating crotch. She crossed the line into mutual seduction. Patsy reacted by slightly spreading her legs in the dark. Toni pressed and rubbed the back of her hand into her girlfriends lap, not knowing where this would lead, but knowing she wanted it to lead somewhere further. And she wasn't a lesbian, had never had any experience with another woman. But she knew she wanted this with Patsy. And of course it was obvious that Patsy wanted it with her as well!

The sexy brunette switched hands, taking Toni's right hand with her own right hand to continue the lap-action. However, she moved her left arm smoothly--had she done this before?--over Toni's head and draped it around her shoulders, placing her left hand on the redhead's shoulder. As Patsy began to caress Toni's upper arm, she simultaneously pulled her girlfriend closer to her and tilted her head over to rest on Toni's shoulder, next to her face. Their red and brunette hair intermingled as Patsy slightly rested her head next to Toni's. All while one girl's hand rubbed around in the lap of the other girl. Their smooth, soft cheeks touched, throwing off more sparks between them. It was one thing when hands touched, but another when faces did--and then Patsy began to move her cheek lovingly over Toni's. They could have been two women out on a date getting romantic sitting in the dark at the movies--which is exactly what this was becoming!

With this sudden change in body position, Toni was feeling her cunt leaking juice down the sides of her thighs. The special perfume-and-leather scent from Patsy, the heat emanating from her cunt through the kidskin, and the caressing of their cheeks together was a combination that was making Toni's skin crawl with lust. That was the only word to describe it. Sheer, unadulterated lust!

They were probably about a third through the movie as they had been petting in the back of the theater. Toni could feel Patsy's long fingernails caressing both her shoulder and the side of her left breast. The thin silk of her blouse held nothing back. Her large nipples were hard as rocks and her cunt was leaking juice from behind the thong onto the inside of her snakeskin miniskirt. She could hear Patsy begin to breath heavier as the hand in her lap was working its sexual magic.

Then the two women began going to the next level of seduction between them. As their cheeks were caressing, Patsy turned her face inward toward Toni's and lightly kissed her on the very corner of the woman's deep-red mouth. She did this with the next three cheek-caresses, turning her lips inward and lightly kissing the corner of Toni's mouth. This was a message. If Toni wanted to kiss Patsy, she could easily turn her face in return. If not, and this was all that the woman wanted to take it to in the back of the theater with her girlfriend, then no further movement was necessary. This was also the place to bring it to the next level if she wanted it. And Toni wanted it! She had never kissed another woman with passion before, but there was no going back on this. This was happening so fast that she had no ability to even question her instincts. The fourth time Patsy went to turn her lips in to kiss Toni, the redhead turned to meet the woman's burgundy-painted mouth. Their very full lips pressed softly together. No tongue, still closed, they shared their first full mouth-on-mouth kiss very softly and passionately. At first tentatively, then with more confidence and urgency. Toni had never kissed anyone with lips so soft and pliant. She could feel the stickiness of Patsy's lipstick and as they broke this first kiss, their lower lips stuck briefly together.
