 Abby was looking forward to going to the movies. She likes sitting at the back of the theatre. It was make out city. She sometimes would sit beside a couple and listen to their moans as the petting got real heavy. She would pretend she was watching the movie, but all her focus would always be on the sounds near her. 

Last week she sat beside a cute guy and his girlfriend. About ½ way through the movie, after they had been making out forever, the girlfriend slowly pulled out his member and Abby watched as she stroked him. Abby felt herself moisten as the girl decided to suck on his lollypop. He tried to be quiet when he came, but Abby knew, the girl knew what she was doing as she drank all he had to offer. Abby relived that moment in her mind later that night as she masturbated in bed. 

Tonight she was hoping to sit beside a cute guy and get action herself from a stranger. She didn't want a relationship, guys her age (18) were all so needy, she didn't want a steady boyfriend. She wore a tight blouse and tighter jeans. Her perfume was amazing, now all she needed was a little luck, to find that right guy to have fun with.

She arrived at the show about ½ way through the previews. She immediately went to the back rows to look for her fun. No fucking luck, some older couple's and girlfriends hanging together. She sat down beside a pair of girl's, feeling horny with no one to help her. About 25 minutes into the movie, she stated to hear moans. She quickly found out she was sitting beside lesbians. Both girls, she noticed, had their hands down the other girl's pants. They were also making out and kissing passionately. Abby thought of moving to a different seat when she heard "you bitch, you bitch, oh my god, ohhhhhhhhhh". She looked over at the couple and heard the other girl say "I knew I could beat you" Abby felt herself get wet. She wasn't a fucking lesbian, why was she getting excited? 

As the couple continued to kiss, she went to the lobby, she needed to figure out what just happened. She went to the bathroom and splashed some cold water on her face, looked in the mirror and said "I'm not a lesbian" several times. After a few minutes, she went back in to the theatre. 

She worked herself back over to her seat and sat down. She was focused on the movie when she felt a soft hand cover hers on the arm of the chair. It was one of the lesbians, Abby froze. The girl leaned in and kissed her, then kissed her again, Abby kissed back, then pulled away and stood up to leave. She wasn't a lesbian, this was wrong. A hand from the other side of her pushed her back down into her seat and before Abby knew what was happening, the other lesbian started kissing her. The first lesbian pinned her hand on the other side of her while she was tongue wrestling with the second one.

I'm not a lesbian, Abby was screaming in her mind, but each time she pulled her head away from one lesbian, the other would start making out with her. Then Abby realized her boobs were being played with. Not rough like the few times boys her age would handle them, but soft, caressing. Both of her boobs could feel a hand cover her large C, not quite D size boobs. The hands would slide down and tweak each nipple, making them instantly hard. I'm not a lesbian am I? she was in heaven.

After a while, Abby felt the hands move away from her chest to the button of her pants. The hands were working in unison as they unzipped and gained access to her lower regions. She felt so helpless, she couldn't put up any defense, she felt her panties being pulled to the side, air now hit her pussy. Both sets of fingers started to circle and lightly pull on her lips. "Oh my god, oh my god, stop, stop" was all Abby could think as these girls controlled her. After a few minutes of this, she felt a finger slowly slip into her, she started to shake a little. The other hand went just north of her opening and found her growing clit. An electric shock went through her as the finger started stroking her horn.

She thought she could hear the lesbians laugh as they continued their onslaught. She felt both fingers go faster and faster, her own moans getting louder and louder. She was on the verge of cumming, but both sets of hands stopped and watched/felt her desperation to cum. Abby's body was shaking, needing release. Once her body calmed down the fingers went back to work, teasing, bringing her close to an orgasm, but denying her again, then after calming down again, she was asked if she was a lesbian. She said "yes, please let me cum" They smiled and went back to work on her, circling, inserting faster and faster. This time they didn't stop, they gave her the orgasm she needed and let go of her at the same time and watched her first, huge lesbian orgasm. She quivered in her seat as it hit her. After a few minutes, she regained her composure and kissed one, then the other lesbian and thanked them.

Abby went out tonight hoping to get fucked. She wanted cock, but instead she learned that girls are fun too.