 PRELUDE

Stacy Meade was sitting on her desk going over the cheerleader roster. She had narrowed down the squad to ten cheerleaders who made the squad and she still had to select two other girls. There were four girls who were so close in competition that it was going to be a tough decision. She was deep in thought when Jenny Connors arrived at the office and knocked on the door. 

"Come in please," Stacy called out and Jenny entered the room. "Oh hi Jenny, what's on your mind?"

"I just thought that I would check in with you and see how you are coming along with the final selections," Jenny offered.

Stacy looked good at the age of 35 years old as she kept herself very fit. She always dressed very conservatively and for the most part concealed her shapely 36-24-36 figure. She had auburn hair and piercing green eyes that captivated many of her lovers. Jenny age 18 was a pretty brunette who was 5'6" tall with dark brown sexy eyes. She did not have large breasts, a 34 B cup, but they were firm with rock hard extended nipples when she was excited. Jenny had very shapely legs that led up to a marvelous ass that was even more pronounced due to her narrow waist. Her ass was perfectly shaped as it was round and protruded out from the back of her legs. It was so desirable that one always felt the urge touch it. Stacy loved watching Jenny cheer and seeing that ass when her skirt went up.

Jenny stepped in the office and closed and locked the door. Stacy knew immediately what was on Jenny's mind. Stacy got up from behind her desk, took Jenny in her arms and kissed her on the lips. Stacy was very gentle and very tender as she kissed Jenny and Jenny returned the kiss. Soon they were French kissing and Stacy was rubbing her hands over Jenny's breasts through the cotton cheerleader sweater. Jenny started to moan as her tongue dueled with Stacy's tongue. Stacy steered Jenny over to the sofa and they both sat down on it.

Stacy then lifted the light cheerleader sweater over Jenny's head and then removed her bra baring Jenny's entire upper body. She lowered her mouth to Jenny's breasts and told her how beautiful her breasts were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Stacy than began her tortuous journey down Jenny's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin. Stacy unsnapped the clasp on Jenny's pleated cheerleader skirt and slowly pulled it down her hips. Jenny automatically raised her hips to make it easier for Stacy to remove her skirt. Stacy took it off of her legs and tossed it over with the sweater. Stacy's hands then returned to Jenny's panties and she tucked her fingers into the elastic waistband and painstakingly slid them down and off of Jenny's shapely legs. Jenny was now totally naked on the sofa and now it was Stacy's turn. 

Jenny unbuttoned Stacy's blouse and unhooked her bra. Stacy's tits tumbled into Jenny's hands and Stacy hand sought out Jenny's pussy. Jenny pushed Stacy's mini skirt up to her waist baring Stacy's luscious thighs. Stacy was wearing thigh high hose with elastic tops and her creamy thighs were naked above them. Jenny pulled her coach's panties off leaving her naked from the waist down. Jenny lifted the panties to her nose and inhaled her coach's sweet aroma. Stacy's pussy was sopping wet and she nearly leaped off the sofa when Jenny touched it. Stacy looked very erotic partially dressed but she decided that she just had to be naked with Jenny. Stacy stood and removed all her clothes.

Stacy sat back down with Jenny on the sofa and their bodies came together. Jenny's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. As Stacy's tongue circled Jenny's right nipple Jenny became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much to make her cum. Jenny felt Stacy's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then found their way inside her. Jenny moved her legs further apart trying to help Stacy and soon she was fingering Jenny with soft, slow, tender probes.

Jenny couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Stacy's head down and Stacy nestled between her legs. Stacy used her hands to slowly open Jenny's legs and placed Jenny's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Stacy traced the soft outer lips of Jenny's swollen pussy lips and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Jenny felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist pussy lips inviting Stacy's invasion. Stacy put more fingers inside Jenny and caressed her inner walls while Stacy's thumb positioned itself on the tip of Jenny's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Stacy moved herself slowly up Jenny's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to Jenny's tits. Stacy took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Jenny's hard nipples. Jenny in turn reached for Stacy's breasts and felt the hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Jenny pinched and rolled Stacy's nipples between her fingers while Stacy tongued Jenny's breasts. Stacy whispered to Jenny that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Jenny could feel the wetness of Stacy's pussy saturating her thigh.

Stacy broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Jenny's aching pussy. As Stacy reached Jenny's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Stacy herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Jenny's center and Jenny's sweet liquid gushed into Stacy's mouth. Stacy was prepared for the gusher but none the less she licked at the silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Jenny's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Jenny's center up and down firmly enough that Jenny could feel it on her clit. Stacy drove Jenny mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Jenny arched her back and pulled Stacy's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Stacy's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Stacy wrapped her lips around Jenny's swollen button and sucked it. Jenny gasped as Stacy's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Jenny's hips lifted off of the sofa as Stacy sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Jenny. Stacy worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Jenny's erect clit. At this point Jenny's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Stacy's face which was now totally covered with Jenny's sweet love juices. 

Stacy continued to lap at the hard clit as Jenny's body convulsed with one orgasm after another. Slowly Jenny relaxed after the last and one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the sofa as Stacy moved up to Jenny's lips and covered them with her own mouth, kissing Jenny tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Jenny's lips so Jenny could taste herself. Jenny kissed Stacy eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the sofa cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a female body in each other's arms.

"Come to me Jenny and make love to me just as I did to you," Stacy whispered.

Jenny looked right at Stacy's beautiful pussy, leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Jenny took one, slow lick as she flattened her tongue on Stacy's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Jenny knew she had achieved the desired effect from Stacy's moan, Jenny knew that Stacy enjoyed it. Jenny loved the taste of pussy and she kept licking and eating Stacy. Jenny pointed her tongue and burrowed into Stacy's pussy as it parted the labia and Jenny's tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Stacy's juice, soon Jenny was licking and lapping up as much as she could as fast as she could.

Stacy was obviously enjoying what Jenny was doing as she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Jenny's tongue to explore her pussy. Jenny's tongue explored all of Stacy. Stacy was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Jenny got near her hard pearl. As Jenny searched out Stacy's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Stacy tensed and began to quiver. 

Jenny burrowed her tongue as deep into Stacy as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Jenny got to Stacy's pearl she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Jenny was always amazed at its size as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Stacy was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. Jenny nuzzled it with her nose taking in Stacy's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Stacy went wild and started bucking and calling out Jenny's name. Stacy let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Jenny's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Jenny sucked Stacy's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Stacy humped her face for all she was worth. Jenny didn't know exactly how many times Stacy came but Stacy finally went stiff and then collapsed on the sofa, her body in spasms.

"Oh my God, thank you," Stacy sighed.

The two of them separated and calmly got dressed. Stacy and Jenny then discussed the four remaining cheerleading candidates. "I like Marcia and Kelly for the squad. Brooke and Donna can be the alternates," Jenny offered.

"Is there a particular reason for your preferences?" Stacy asked.

"Well they are all pretty equal when it comes to cheerleading moves but I know that Marcia and Kelly are lovers. Besides Brooke and Donna are only 17 years old," Jenny replied.

"Well that does settle it then doesn't it. Do you want to break the news to them?"

"Why don't you invite them over to your house and we can tell them together?" Jenny suggested.

"I like that. Maybe we can have some fun with them afterward," Stacy agreed.

"I'm sure that we will. I know they like you and I think they would like to sleep with you given the chance."

"Do you think that they would be up for any toys?" Stacy snickered.

"I don't know, maybe. I don't know if they are still virgins or not but it will be fun to find out," Jenny giggled.

"Tell them to come over this Saturday," Stacy said concluding the discussion.

Jenny left the coach's office and Stacy immediately checked the girl's portfolios. She wanted to be sure that both Marcia and Kelly were 18 years of age. She was relieved to find out that they were. Saturday could prove very interesting. Stacy sat back in her chair and thought back to when she and Jenny had first made love in her office. Stacy could still see the image of them partially dressed. 

Jenny's sweater and bra were pushed up over her tits as were Stacy's blouse and bra. The two of them rubbed their breast together as they kissed deeply and fingered each other's pussy. Jenny's panties were around her knees with Stacy hand under the cheerleader skirt buried in Jenny's quim. Stacy's mini skirt was pushed up to her waist and her panties were s low as they could go inside the garters. Jenny was frantically frigging Stacy's cunt and the two of them orgasmed on each other's fingers.

Stacy remembered every second of that first time. Jenny drove Stacy wild with her beauty and vitality. They would hook up several times a week in the classroom and nearly every weekend at Stacy's home. Now Stacy looked forward to the weekend with Jenny, Marcia and Kelly.

MARCIA AND KELLY BECOME LOVERS

It was three months before the cheerleader selection when Marcia and Kelly became lovers. Marcia was spending the night with her best friend Kelly after Kelly's 18th birthday party. Marcia suspected that Kelly may like girls but she wasn't certain. Marcia had made up her mind that tonight that she would press Kelly into telling her one way or the other. Marcia had never made it with a girl and she often wondered what two girls would do together. Marcia had lost her virginity last year but it wasn't pleasant in fact all of her sex sessions with the boys were disappointing. They were all the same they didn't think about her and they just wanted to get their rocks off. She had heard that female love was very tender and satisfying.

After the birthday party the two girls and Kelly's mother Audrey cleaned up and then watched TV for awhile until Audrey decided to turn in for the night. Audrey said goodnight to her daughter and Marcia and went to her bedroom. Kelly and Marcia then went to Kelly's bedroom to talk some more before Marcia went to bed in the guest room. The two girls sat on Kelly's bed taking about school, cheerleading and then finally about sex. Marcia pressed Kelly to talk about her sex life after she told Kelly about her experience with boys. Kelly shared her same frustrations about sex with boys and then she admitted she thought about sex with another girl.

The talk between the girls had gotten them both a little hot. Kelly suggested that Marcia stay with her in her room that night and that they could experiment with each other. The two girls changed into their sleepwear, which were cotton tops and bikini bottoms. They both looked at each other admirably as they scanned each other's body. Kelly noticed a wet spot in Marcia's bottoms and she smiled at her friend lovingly.

"Your pussy is wet. Are you turned on?" Kelly asked her.

Marcia answered, "I guess so. This is so exciting in a way." 

"Let's lay naked together for awhile," Kelly suggested and then peeled off her top and bottoms.

Marcia stared at the pretty girl and she felt as she was looking at her self. They could pass for sisters as they both had similar shapely figures. Marcia however did not take her sleepwear off. Kelly moved to her knees and hooked her fingers in the waistband of Marcia's panties. Kelly slowly peeled the panties down and off of Marcia's body revealing a neatly trimmed pussy with a little brown tuft of hair. Marcia lifted her legs one at a time as Kelly removed her panties. Marcia was like a zombie as Kelly looked directly at the teenager's snatch. Kelly touched Marcia's quim lightly with one finger and it was like an electric shock going through Marcia's body. Marcia's body leaped involuntarily. Kelly stood up and looked into the teenagers eyes and whispered to her.

"Your pussy is very wet. Are you sure you want to try this?" Kelly asked sexily.

Marcia just nodded yes unsure of what was next to come. Marcia was struggling with her own desire and fear. Should she run out of the room or should she let the beautiful Kelly have her way with her?

Kelly didn't wait for a verbal answer from Marcia and just took her silence as permission to continue the seduction. Kelly pulled the top over Marcia's head and exposed her beautiful tits, now both girls were naked. Kelly embraced Marcia holding her close so that their tits mashed against each others. Marcia could feel Kelly's hard nipples pressing into her own and her pussy was on fire. 

A gasp came from Marcia, and she tried to pull away. Moving in closer and pressing her against the bed Kelly brushed her lips against Marcia's hungering for a taste of her sweet mouth. Marcia gave in and submitted to Kelly parting her lips following Kelly's lead. As Kelly's tongue tasted Marcia's mouth for the first time she shuddered with pleasure and delight as she heard Marcia moan against her and Marcia's hot breath exhaled into Kelly's waiting mouth.

Marcia's tongue began to explore Kelly's lips, the soft tip running over her and tentatively moving inside her. Kelly opened wider, allowing the young girl's tongue to trace the ridges on the roof of her mouth. Kelly felt the place between her legs grow hot, and she softly rubbed herself against the girl in her arms, thrusting her hips against the teenager and rubbing her pussy against Marcia's leg. Kelly's clit seemed to scream out with frustration, the soft skin of the young girl teasing the flesh around it, but the skin keeping it from getting any friction itself. Kelly moaned against Marcia's lips, completely forgetting all her senses except for the arousal flooding her and the feel of Marcia's lips against hers.

Every part of Kelly's body ached for Marcia as she held her closer. Kelly caressed the flat of Marcia's stomach running the tips of her fingers over her abs. Kelly's fingers grew bolder as she traced the curve of Marcia's waist up to the small curve of her bosom. Kelly ran her hand around Marcia's firm breast and toyed with the semi-erect nipple. Pressing slightly harder Kelly teased the nipple, running her thumb around Marcia's aureole. Marcia's tiny nubs grew larger and poked out more obviously as Marcia let out a soft moan.

Marcia's eyes were shut with her lips slightly parted and Kelly could see her chest heave with each heavy breath she took. Kelly ran her fingers around in circles, tracing her curves again, and then she traced down Marcia's body again. Marcia moaned softly and thrust her breasts upwards as her legs were slowly inched apart. Marcia allowed Kelly better access to her body without even being aware of it. Marcia's hips thrust upwards in very slight movements and Kelly smiled because she knew that Marcia now wanted what she wanted. 

Heat seemed to radiate from between Marcia's thighs and Kelly could feel the warm air around her as Kelly's hand got closer and closer to her pussy. After what seemed like an eternity of stroking her thigh Kelly's hand got close enough to touch Marcia's little brown tuft of hair guarding her pussy. With the tip of her first finger Kelly traced the shape of Marcia's pussy between her legs and ran her finger up from Marcia's ass to her clit. Marcia gasped and thrust towards Kelly again, her hips grinding against Kelly's hand. Stroking her own pussy lightly Kelly looked down at Marcia's beautiful body. Marcia was writhing in small movements of pleasure, her breasts and hard nipples were standing straight out; her arms were at her sides with clenched fists and her legs squirmed looking for more. Kelly at that moment wanted more than anything to hold Marcia in her arms, to caress her bare body, to taste her, to stroke her, to fuck her. 

Slowly Kelly sank to her knees and put Marcia's pussy level with her eyes. Kelly licked her lips and reached for Marcia's legs. Marcia bucked forward, her hips pushing her fragrant crotch closer to Kelly's face. The sweet scent of Marcia's pussy filled Kelly's nostrils and she licked her lips once again, trying to hold off contact with Marcia's pussy which was now right in front of her face. Kelly traced Marcia's thighs with the tips of her fingers along Marcia's silky smooth youthful skin. Marcia lifted upwards towards Kelly's face moaning softly as she was as anxious for Kelly to taste her as Kelly was.

Swiftly but gently Kelly kissed Marcia's exposed pussy lips peeking out from underneath her tuft of brown hair. Marcia whimpered softly and thrust upwards again toward Kelly's mouth. Kelly moved her mouth away from Marcia's hot body teasing her and letting her eyes take in the beautiful form squirming on the bed before her. Kelly smiled to herself as she knew that she had Marcia exactly where she had hoped. 

The bed moved slightly as Marcia squirmed causing the bed covers to shift underneath her hot lithe body. Marcia's hips writhed ever so slightly as she covered her own tits with her hands and she cried softly under her breath. Marcia's eyes opened and her lips parted and she moaned audibly as she made eye contact with Kelly. Lowering her head Kelly once again turned her attention to Marcia's fragrant quivering pussy.
