 I would just like to say thank you to the people who took the time to comment on this story and get into contact with me. I wrote this for you. Thanks very much, I hope you enjoy. 

------------------------------------------



It was nearing the end of Chloe's visit and while Amelie had hoped to spend every moment with the other woman she knew that she still had to go to class and work at the radio station. It was a warm Autumn day as she walked through the park on her way back home, her mind racing with all that they could do once she passed through the door and scaled the two flights of stairs up to her flat. Her long dark hair hung loosely around her shoulders, the light breeze pushing it back as she walked. Normally she would look at the beautiful park or the different houses and people around her but since Chloe's plane had touched down her mind had been consumed and nothing was going to change that. Soon she was walking through the door, taking off her black cardigan and toeing off her black and white vans. "Chloe?!" Amelie called out, wondering where the other was and hoping that her house mates weren't home. 

"In the kitchen!" Chloe called out from where she was stood still in her pyjamas, making a cup of tea. 

Standing in the doorway of the kitchen Amelie smiled as her eyes roamed over the delectable body of her lover. Dressed simply in a pair of light cotton white and pink polka dot pyjama pants and a white cami she looked gorgeous, the sun coming in through the large bay window illuminating her skin. "Lazy shit... haven't even gotten dressed," she murmured with a smile as she walked up behind her, curling her hand around her hip and sliding her fingertips over the thin strip of skin that was on show between the two garments. Her lips soon found the crook of Chloe's neck and she began to kiss over it lightly, eyes slipping shut. 

"Wasn't it you who said I should just be naked all the time?" Chloe asked with a smile, bringing the cup of tea to her lips and taking a sip only to tilt her head back and give Amelie more access to her skin. "...plus, easy access," she teased and pushed her hips back against Amelie's playfully. 

Amelie nodded in agreement, pulling the waistband of the pyjama pants and letting them snap back lightly against the others skin only to slip her fingers beneath them and lightly run her fingers over the delicate material of the purple cotton panties. "Can't argue there," she murmured, pushing Chloe forward until her hips pressed against the kitchen counter. "I've been thinking about you all morning... barely got anything done," she said softly, her words lost into Chloe's skin. "Are any of the others in?" 

Chloe shook her head, some strands of her cherry black hair falling out of its loose bun and framing her heart shaped face. Her fingers curled lightly around the ends of her cami top as she felt Amelie's fingers teasing her through her panties. "They both left for lectures a little after you... wont be home till the library closes," she said with a mischievous smile and pulled the thin material over her head and tossing it away, her heavy breasts bouncing slightly as she put her hand over Amelie's, pushing it lower so that she would feel the damp patch in her panties. "We have the flat to ourselves..." 

Tracing out her delicate lips through her panties Amelie swallowed hard, those being the exact words she had wanted to hear. Her free hand reached up to cup one of her breast, giving it a little squeeze as she moaned softly. "Just what we need..." she pulled her hands back and reached down to take off her t-shirt, but first took off her light decorative scarf, looking at it thoughtfully. Folding it in half a few times she wrapped it around Chloe's eyes and tied it up, "...no seeing for you," she murmured and turned Chloe around, dipping her head down so that she could suck on those delicious tits. Her tongue worked over her nipple, working it to hardness as she heard Chloe gasping in pleasure. "Mmm you like that baby?" she murmured as she inched down her pyjama pants too. 

"You need to lose some clothes too..." Chloe pouted, her hands moving blindly over Amelie's back, her hands sliding over the black band t-shirt she had walked out wearing earlier that morning. Finding the edges she pulled it up hard, nearly hitting Amelie in the face. "Off," she insisted, still tugging until it came away in her hands. She soon found the clasp of her strapless black bra and let that fall to the floor too. "That's better," she smiled, leaning back against the counter as she stepped out of her pyjama pants. 

Amelie laughed softly, enjoying how pushy Chloe could be at times. Circling her slender wrists lightly she pulled the other girl down onto the floor, catching sight of the refrigerator and getting an idea. For a long time she had wanted to play with food and now with the flat evacuated it seemed like there had never been a better time. Pulling the door open she moved Chloe to sit inside of it, allowing the chill to effect not only Chloe's body but her own too. "I'm tempted to bind your wrists for being so pushy," she playfully scolded as she reached down and undid her tight skinny jeans, working them off of her own body. Amelie looked down at Chloe, both of them just in their underwear and she knew she had to see that pretty bald pussy of Chloe's. Ducking her head down she kissed along the line of her panties, her tongue dipping beneath them every now and them only to hook her fingers around them and inch them down her slim thighs. "You're so hot... I think we're going to have to take some photos soon," she murmured as the skimpy underwear slipped from Chloe's ankles and was tossed to the side absent mindedly. Reaching into the fridge she plucked out a strawberry and bit into it, keeping the juice in her own mouth only to lean forward and kiss Chloe open mouthed, letting the sweet nectar mix between their mouths as well as the flesh till they were both swallowing down something sweet, nipping at each others lips until it was all gone. 

"I don't like not knowing what's coming... you might feed me something awful like Stilton," Chloe laughed as she reached around blindly in the fridge until her hand came into contact with the nutella jar. "Mmm use this," she murmured, already unscrewing it, knowing what it was as it was the only jar in the fridge. Dipping her finger into it she held it out for Amelie to suck only to gasp as she felt her hot tongue dragging over the index finger, tracing out her knuckle and then the very tip. 

Dipping her own fingers inside the jar Amelie smeared the treat over her nipples and then pushed her nipples against Chloe's lips, her eyes sinking closed as she felt Chloe sucking hungrily on them soon after. Gasping softly she bit into her lip, her clit throbbing with need for attention as her first nipple was cleaned only for Chloe to lean over and start working on the other. Amelie dipped her fingers into the pot once more and dotted swiped of Nutella all over Chloe's body from her head to her toes and started to lick it off, some at her neck, her chest, stomach and along the top of her feet. Once she was clean of the spread and Amelie's lips were sweet with the taste she knew she wanted to push things further. Sliding her hands slowly down the inside of her thighs her deep purple nail polish was a stark contrast to her pale skin. Smiling softly she traced out the join of her thigh, inching closer to her hot pussy. Already Amelie could see the wetness seeping out from her delicate pink lips and it took great restraint on her part not to lean down and lick that sweet nectar up. "Are your eyes still closed?" she asked teasingly, dragging her index finger over her bald lips extra slow, hesitating as she got near her clit before going straight past it, much to Chloe's dismay. Reaching into the cold fridge she eyed the contents sceptically and then took out the container of grapes inside there. "Open your mouth darling," she murmured as she pressed a chaste kiss to her cheek and then pushed one green grape into her mouth, smiling as Chloe sucked lightly on her fingertips for a moment. Amelie began to feed her more grapes, sighing happily as the chill from the refrigerator made her nipples harden and clit throb. It wasn't easy denying Chloe pleasure for now but it was harder denying herself. Feeding Chloe a few more grapes in a row she licked up the sweet juices that seeped out of her lips and once the flesh had been swallowed down Amelie sucked on her lips only to kiss her deeply as she finally traced around Chloe's soaking entrance and pushed two fingers inside of her. Chloe groaned against her lips and pushed her hips forward, needing the contact she had been aching for all day. Amelie began thrust her fingers in and out of her lover, increasing in intensity as she continued to kiss Chloe passionately. Chloe's soft walls clenched tight around the fingers penetrating her, moaning into the kiss as she shivered with pleasure.

"Don't stop," she gasped out, biting into her lip once the kiss was broken and Amelie's lips were soon scorching all over her body. Her body was covered in goose pimples from the fridge but the wetness that was seeping out of her eager pussy was scorching. "Suck my pussy... please baby..." her hand blindly found Amelie's long dark hair, she slid her fingers through it only to curl around the strands and give it a firm tug to show she meant it. "Please..." her voice cracked as she begged and pushed Amelie's head down, her legs parting wider as she leant back against the refrigerator door. 

Amelie looked up and smiled to herself, "...oh baby, I love it when you beg," she murmured and spanked Chloe's thigh, her hand print showing up pink right away on her pretty pale skin. Reaching into the ice try she took out an ice cube and slowly ran it over Chloe's nipples, chuckling darkly as she heard her lover hiss in pleasure and pain as her hard nipples got even harder. Leaning down she sucked on the cold nipple, working it over with her tongue, warming it over once more. She had always loved Chloe's nipples, small and the lightest of pink despite her large tits.

Chloe was arching into Amelie's mouth, sighing and moaning as that perfect tongue worked over her tits. "That's not my pussy," she gently reminded her, already knowing she was going to get a spank for it and doing it on purpose. The spank came swift and hard and she gasped out in pleasure, making a mental note to make sure they could spank each other for real next time, maybe school girl outfits... Chloe smiled to herself only to hiss out once more when the swiftly melting ice cube was brought down to her clit and circled around it. She could feel the drops of water falling onto her pussy and she knew that she needed more. Amelie was quick to give it to her however as she felt her tongue working over her clit soon enough and her fingers plunging inside her tight pussy once more. "Mmm yeah baby... give it to me," Chloe moaned out as she rode Amelie's face and fingers, pushing her soaking wet pussy up against her face. Though she couldn't see, the silk scarf tied around her eyes preventing that she knew she was covering Amelie's face with her juices and it just made her wetter. As Amelie started to grind her fingers against her g-spot she cried out loudly, the moans echoing around the empty tiled kitchen. Jerking her head back as her back arched in delight it connected with a jam jar and she cried out in pain. "Oww fucking hell!" 

At the sound of pain that she hadn't intentionally caused Amelie managed to tear herself away from that delicious pussy and look up to see what had happened. Bursting out laughing she just twisted her wrist and forced her fingers inside her deeper, really fucking her with her fingers as she reached with her free hand for the container of grapes. "...I wanna blow your mind but really?" she said between laughter. Hooking her arm around Chloe's thighs she pulled her to lay down outside of harms way. Her long body spread over the black tiles, legs bent and spread wide like a pornographic dream. Chloe's body was made for sex, that was that. Taking a few grapes out Amelie pulled her fingers from Chloe and reached up, resting her fingertips against Chloe's lips for her to suck on and soon the wetness all over her fingers was disappearing as Chloe lapped up her juices hungrily. Amelie rolled one of the chilled grapes around Chloe's clit only to push one after another up into her, curious to see how many she could fit. It was on the ninth grape that she knew she couldn't fit anymore in and so she bent down, pulling Chloe's legs over her delicate narrow shoulders. "How does that feel?" she asked, teasing her clit with the tip of her tongue. 

"Weird.. but – nice – but weird," she nodded slowly, tweaking her own nipples slowly, keeping them hard as she locked her ankles behind Amelie's neck. "What is it? Strawberries?"

"Grapes... but – try and squeeze them, I want to see if you can squeeze the juice out of them," she said with a soft laugh, working her clit more firmly with her thumb now. "Maybe when you come you can..." she said, licking over and around her lips idly. 

Chloe was about to protest and say she wouldn't be able to do it but she wanted to try. Biting into her plump lower lip hard she focused on clenching her pussy tight as much as she could. "Ohh it's hard," she moaned softly, the clenching making the grapes move inside her and it felt really good. "Mm- just..." she gasped softly as she felt one break. "...did I do it?"

Amelie licked up the little trickle of juice that came out of her pussy, sucking it up wetly as she nodded. "Mhmm you did..." she murmured and then buried her face into the hot pussy once more. She'd had enough of teasing and now just wanted to see Chloe come undone. Just the idea of how hot she looked when she came was enough to make her panties damp. Curling her tongue inside Chloe she worked the grapes out as she rubbed over her clit firmly with her thumb, working that engorged little nub over and over in tighter circles as she started to feel Chloe tremble and moan beneath her. When the final grape rolled out she started to fuck her eager hole with her tongue, licking up all the wetness that came out until it was running down her chin, dripping onto her bare breasts. "You're so fucking wet baby... slut..." she said teasingly, spanking her ass hard as she dragged her tongue up to her clit and sucked on it, her fingers slipping back inside her and pounding her pussy, twisting her wrist over and over. 

Moaning out over and over her chest heaved as she bucked and worked her hips against Amelie's face and fingers as hard as she could, her body burning up all over and tensing as her hips started to jerk. "Oh... I'm gonna – I'm there... I am your slut," she moaned out as her body jerked all over, her tits bouncing with each thrust as she came hard, moaning out Amelie's name over and over. "So so good," she panted out, cupping the back of Amelie's head and keeping it pressed up against her pussy until she was done, her sore head resting down against the tiles as she fought to get her breath back. "Oh... god..." she murmured and reached up to pull the scarf from around her eyes so she could look at her lover. Her legs came down from around her shoulders and she just looked at her, loving the mess Amelie's hair was in after the way she'd been tugging on it, how her pale cheeks were flushed pink, her lips swollen from all of the things she'd done. Her small breasts with their hard nipples and she was sure she would see a soaking wet pussy too if she could force herself to move. "That... was amazing," Chloe said a little breathlessly with a warm smile. 

Nodding slowly Amelie straddled Chloe's body and kissed her lips slow and deep. "I know, I was there," she mumbled against them with a smile, her hands moving slowly over Chloe's slim body as they kissed lazily on the kitchen floor. "I love licking your pussy, you're always so grateful," she teased and bit into Chloe's lower lip lightly and tugged it lightly away from her only to suck on it slowly. 

"...when you lick me that good, it's only natural to be grateful," she murmured and slid her own hand down over Amelie's hips and over her soft belly. Running her hand over the gusset of her panties she could feel the wetness that was seeping through them. "Mmm... my turn," she murmured and hooked her fingers around the edges of Amelie's pretty black and pink lace panties and slid them down over her shapely thighs. "On your back, slut," she said with a wink. It surprised her how quick Amelie was to comply as she usually she liked to banter and play fight first but as she lay out on the tiles and spread her legs Chloe could see why she was so compliant, she was dying to be touched. Her wetness was seeping out of her hole and down. "Clearly you need to be fucked," Chloe said more to herself as she dragged two fingers through her juices and then sucked them off of her fingers. "I know just the thing," she said with a devious smirk as she reached into the back of the fridge and pulled out a cucumber. "Are you ready?"

Amelie raised her head from the tiles to see what Chloe was talking about, her eyes widening when she saw the size of the cucumber. It wasn't a store bought one but from her aunties vegetable patch which always grew giant vegetables. Swallowing thickly she nodded and grinned, "...hell yes..."

Chloe rolled her eyes playfully as she should have known, Amelie always had been a penetration whore so there was no way she was going to pass this up. "...brace yourself baby," she murmured as she licked over her inner thighs, pushing the end of the cucumber against Amelie's opening, smirking to herself at what was to come.