 On the last night of our trip to Jackson Hole, we'd headed out for dinner and some shopping in town. I ended up buying a new bikini, but little else. Tori, my girlfriend, bought a pair of hot leather pants from Hide Out. When we were done, we returned to our hotel room, took all of our stuff out of our suitcases and repacked everything for my trip home on Saturday. We had plans for the night, so we got dolled up and headed off to Teton Village.

Having been raised in the area, I'd been back home in February for some skiing with a client, and had stopped in at the Mangy Moose, one of the more popular watering holes in town, to get a drink and a bite to eat. During that trip I'd been served by a waitress named Jessica, whom I'd found quite attractive. I went so far as to let her know I hoped she'd be around when I got back in November.

Being back in town, I was in the mood to play with her. I'd called the Moose earlier that evening and they told me Jessica would be working until midnight, so I was quite excited about the possibilities. I was a bit nervous as well. Who knew if she'd remember me or if we'd be successful at getting her to come back to the hotel with us for the night?

Tori and I were former lovers. We were each other's first real girlfriends during our junior year of high school, and came out to our parents together. Our age and the physical distance between us led us to split up at the end of that school year, but we've remained good friends and occasional sexual playmates ever since. After graduation I left for the big city, but she remained near home. She'd been looking forward to my return this Thanksgiving for a little play time, and had agreed that adding a third person to the mix held the potential for some serious excitement. I'd suggested we give Jessica a shot.

We got to the Mangy Moose at 10:30 and asked to be seated in Jessica's area. When she got to our table she looked at me funny. "You look familiar."

"I should. I was here about six months ago, with a gentleman. You waited on us and I spent some time flirting with you."

"Ahh, yes, you did. I remember now. You told me you were coming back. I see you kept your word."

"Always."

"What brings you back to town this time? The ski areas haven't even opened yet."

"I'm actually here visiting family and some friends for the Thanksgiving holiday." We spent a few more minutes in idle chit chat. She seemed to be genuinely flirting with the two of us, and that convinced me to be bold. "What are you doing when you get off tonight?"

"I guess I'm planning on going home. Why do you ask?"

"Well, I...we'd like for you to go back to the hotel with us for a bit of fun."

"Wow, you just don't beat around the bush, do you? You didn't even bother to offer to buy me a drink first like most everyone else does."

Gosh, I was embarrassed. "I've always pretty much gone right after what I wanted. Or who I wanted. I guess." My reply was about as sheepish as anything I'd ever said.

Now she was blushing. "Who's your friend?"

I reintroduced myself to her, introduced Tori, and tried to explain our relationship arrangement. Open, long-distance, itinerant relationships between bisexual women apparently aren't that common.

"Wow. That's unique."

"So, what do you think? Are you up for a little fun tonight? I'm leaving tomorrow morning, and we'd really love to spend some time with you."

"What makes you think I'm even interested in girls? Do I have a sign or something...?"

"Oh, I don't know. I get this vibe from you; I got in when I was here in February, actually. Something about you just tells me you're into women. At least...well, partially, anyway." How do you even answer that kind of question, I thought to myself.

She stood in silence for a few seconds, apparently unsure of how to process what I'd just said to her. "What would you two like to drink?"

I ordered a diet Coke and Tori ordered a strawberry daiquiri. Jessica left to get the drinks, and Tori and I discussed the possibility I may have come on too strong. I agreed with her I might have gone overboard, and hoped I hadn't fucked things up this early. I'd rarely failed, though, and I honestly felt like there was a possibility with Jessica. She was a lithe, stunning brunette with a tomboyish nature, and she'd triggered my gaydar the moment I met her in February. I was still getting that strong vibe from her, and that had pretty much led me to come onto her as strongly as I did. Tori agreed with me that she was definitely worth pursing.

Our server returned a few minutes later and sat our drinks on the table. "Where are you guys staying?"

"At the Homewood in town." Tori and Jessica kept eye contact with one another, which was incredibly arousing to watch.

"I get off around midnight. Are you guys going to stick around until then?"

"We can if you're interested." She just looked at me for a couple of seconds and then walked off. The look told me she was indeed interested. So we hung out, knocking back a few drinks and some elk sliders until shortly after midnight. Jessica came and sat down at our table, having gotten out of her waitress attire. We chatted for a few minutes and it became very clear to me that Jessica was really into Tori.

"I've never done anything like this before. Go home with someone random. That is." Jessica's tentativeness was palpable.

"Well, we don't bite. And we won't do anything you don't want to do. I just happen to find you incredibly attractive, and I picked up a vibe from you that made me interested. I didn't pick up on anything that screamed to me that you were afraid of us, so...I thought maybe you'd like to play around a bit with someone who's really into you."

"Actually, I do bite." Tori's unexpected boldness caught me off guard. "And Dani does, too." She'd been sitting there allowing me to do all of the talking, which is her general nature to begin with. So for her to jump right in with such a bold announcement told me even she was feeling as frisky about our potential play toy as I was.

Jessica raised her right eyebrow slightly, but her gaze remained transfixed on Tori. "Do you guys do this often? Pick up strange women in bars?"

"She doesn't," I said, motioning to Tori, "but I've been known to a time or two."

Jessica managed to break off her eye lock with my girlfriend and shifted her focus to me. "So, I'd just be another notch on your bedpost, then?"

"I don't count. I'm in this for the pure enjoyment of my own sexuality and that of whomever I pick up. I just happen to really enjoy playing with girls."

"I don't think I've ever encountered anyone, man or woman, who's as aggressive as you are. What if I told you that scared me?"

I sat my chin in the palm of my hand with my elbow resting on the table, and looked directly into her eyes. "You don't look scared at all. Quite the opposite, in fact." Jessica finished off her drink and sat the glass down. Her eyes and body movements gave away the fact she was turned on, and if we'd be in any place other than where she worked, things might have gotten started right at that moment.

She sat silently for about thirty seconds, contemplating whether to accept the offer or not; I could see the wheels turning in her head. The wait was excruciating for me, though. I had no idea what was going through her mind, but I was silently begging whatever life force controlled this gorgeous creature to compel her to accept our proposal.

"Do you want me to drive over or you want to take me in your car?"

"We'll take you and bring you back." Shortly before 1AM we took off toward the hotel to see what kind of trouble we could get into.

As we drove down Highway 22 toward Jackson, Jessica pulled out a little baggie from her purse and took out a joint. "You guys want some?"

"I don't. I've never smoked any." I'd just never been inclined to try any weed up to that point, and I sure wasn't going to have my first hit driving down the road in the town in which I was raised. Half the police officers in town knew me, and I didn't want to have to deal with that kind of embarrassment if we got stopped.

"Really? What about you?" she asked, turning toward Tori, who was comfortably seated in the back seat of my rental car.

"I'll help you smoke that one, if you're offering." Tori had smoked a joint or two in her life and, in fact, used to have her own stash in her house with the full knowledge of her parents. Jess lit up and they shared the weed until we got to the hotel. Fortunately, we didn't pass any cops on the way.

We arrived at the hotel and parked under the canopy out back. We walked through the little lobby of the hotel; the gentleman behind the counter just watched us go by. "Have a good night," he intoned as we passed by the desk and headed for the elevator.

"Oh, we're going to," Tori said, snorting a bit.

When we got into our room I had to go to the bathroom, so I left the two of them alone. While I was in there taking care of business, I could tell they were already getting acquainted; the smacking of their kisses penetrated the thin sliding door. I already knew that I wanted to sit back and watch Tori and Jessica fuck each other for a few minutes before I joined in. I found it incredibly arousing to watch two women fucking one another, their bodies intertwined, and the possibility of getting to see someone I'd been intimate with fuck someone else was too much to resist.

When I came out of the bathroom, they broke off their kiss. "Don't let me interrupt. I want to watch you guys for a few minutes anyway."

"I figured you would, you little voyeur." Tori wrapped her arms around Jessica's neck, replanting her tongue in Jessica's mouth as they began kissing again.

Jessica was fairly tall, maybe five feet eight or so, with a body that suggested to me that she was an avid bicyclist. Her legs and ass were to die for - very toned and well-defined. I wondered to myself if she'd kill someone who had the great fortune of finding their head buried in her cunt when she was cumming.

She was also gay. "I've never had sex with a guy. Never had any interest in it whatsoever. I have guys hitting on me all the time at work, and it gets annoying quite honestly. You're actually the first woman to seriously try to pick me up, though."

"Well, I'm glad you'll have that memory to cherish," I said, laughing. "And I guess that means my picking up the vibe from you was right on!"

"I suppose so. I guess I need to work on that a bit."

"No you don't. I like it." I walked over to her and began untying and unbuttoning her shirt. Tori backed up for a second as Jessica and I started kissing. I can't begin to tell you how intoxicating it was. The thought occurred to me that every girl I've ever kissed has been a terrific kisser, almost without exception. Some have been better than others, of course, but lately, the women I've kissed are just so into it and really know how to use their lips, their tongues, even their teeth. Jessica loved biting lips and the tongue.

I got her shirt off, and began unbuttoning her painted-on pants. Tori saddled up behind her, undid her bra, and moved her hands around to cup Jessica's boobs, kissing and biting her on the neck. Jessica responded with a heavy sigh and reached around to grab a handful of Tori's hair. As I worked her pants down around her hips, taking her thong panties with them, I planted light kisses and licks down her tummy. The scent of her cunt, after having been in pants all day while she was working, was quite aromatic. I lifted her leg and put her foot on the chair by the table, then slid my tongue right up the middle of her already wet slit. When it hit her special button, she moaned softly. Tori was massaging her boobs and still chewing on her neck and ears. Jessi grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my face tighter into her cunt.

"You guys seem as though you've done this before."

"We've been known to share a woman or two," Tori whispered between placing little bites along Jessica's collarbone.

Tori began kissing her way down Jessica's back, making her way south to the woman's ass. While I continued to tease her cunt, Tori pulled her butt cheeks apart and began teasing her asshole. Tori's as big a fan of rimming as I am and isn't the least bit shy about burying her tongue in someone's butthole, even if it hadn't been washed, the dirty little bitch.

Jessica had to grab the top of the chair to balance herself while the two of us were devouring the lower half of her body. I took two of my fingers and slowly slid them as deep into her cunt as I could get them, then began finger fucking her in concert with the tongue bath I was lavishing upon her clit. It didn't take long before Jessica was having her first orgasm. She was like me in that her orgasms last longer than a few short seconds, and she had trouble keeping her balance.

"Fuck. You two really know what you're doing."

I got up and kissed her again, and suggested we move to the bedroom.

I rolled one of the chairs from the kitchen area into the bedroom with me as Tori and Jessica climbed onto the bed. "You two enjoy each other. I want to watch." I could sense Jessica was a bit hesitant, so I walked over to her and cupped her face in my hands. "Have you not had someone watch you fuck before?"

"No."

I kissed her gently. "Well, just pretend like I'm not here. Actually, Tori's going to make it so you forget I'm here. I won't be watching long anyway." That seemed to satiate her.

Tori had gotten undressed and was playing with her own nipples. She laid down on the comforter and pulled Jessica on top of her, their bodies meshing together into one tanned blob. They kissed for a few minutes, and Jessica started working her way down Tori's body. When she got to Tori's tits, she stopped to suck on them. Tori encouraged her, "Bite them, baby." She did as she was instructed without hesitation. Tori moaned in ecstasy as Jessica dug her teeth deep into her nipples and bit down, hard. Tori began grinding her cunt into Jessica's leg. Jessica took the hint and moved her hand down to Tori's cunt and began massaging her clit. Obviously, Jessica wasn't exactly inexperienced, either.

Tori came, quite loudly. I didn't think we had neighbors in the rooms next to ours, but I honestly didn't know. It was almost 2AM, and I was already hoping we wouldn't have the manager called on us for making too much noise. Regardless, I was sitting on the chair, with my legs hanging over each of the arm rests, masturbating myself as I watched the two of them go at it. I made myself cum, but intentionally dragged it out by edging myself several times.

When Tori came down, she reached up and grabbed her nipples and started massaging them to work out the pain inflicted upon them by her lover's teeth. I got up and walked over to the bed, sat against the backboard, and spread my legs. "Taste me." Jessica didn't need any further encouragement and immediately put her face in my crotch, kissing her way down my inner thighs, eventually burying her tongue in my cunt. I was already on the edge, even after having had an orgasm less than two minutes prior. I grabbed her hair and started grinding my cunt against her face, bringing on my second orgasm in less than five minutes. I am incredibly grateful for being able to orgasm so easily.

When I let go of her head, she slid up the length of my body and kissed me, the taste of my wetness still fresh on her lips. I wrapped my arms around her and moved my hands down to grab her ass, spreading her cheeks. Tori crawled up behind her and started eating her ass again, then pushed a couple of fingers into her cunt, fucking her with them. I knew from personal experience that she was also working Jessica's clit with her thumb on that same hand, having been forced by her to orgasm this way on many, many occasions. She'll fuck your asshole with her tongue in opposition to the penetrations with her fingers in your cunt. It isn't quite a double penetration, but the feeling is so incredibly unique, almost what you'd call a "soft DP."

"Masturbate yourself," I whispered into Jessica's ear as I held her close to me. She reached down and began playing with herself, her right hand on top of my girlfriend's thumb. Her arm went between my legs, and I could feel the rhythmic muscular contractions of her forearm on my clit as she moved her hand and fingers in time with Tori's thrusts.

I wrapped my arms completely around her and held her to me tightly to provide some leverage as Tori continued her work. As I played with her hair, Jessica's breathing began to intensify. "That's it, I want you to cum for me. Make yourself cum," I whispered to her. She swallowed, interrupting her breathing rhythm. "Just take your time, baby. Don't rush it. Just enjoy what she's doing to you; let it slooowly build up as long as you can stand it."

With Jessica's chest pressed against mine, I could feel her heartbeat. It's amazing the sensations you pick up from someone else when you're paying attention, and since Tori was the one doing the fucking, I could concentrate on feeling another soul build up to an orgasm and then exploding. Her breathing intensified, her heart rate increased, her skin got warmer, and her muscles began to tense up. She continued to ride it as long as she could until...it just let go. She came, gasping, moaning, and grunting in my ear, bucking against my grip on her for what must've been a good thirty seconds while she was grinding on her own hand. This was the first time I'd held someone like this while they came, and it was unbelievably intense.

I ran my fingernails lightly down her back as she wound down, giving her chill bumps. She just laid on me, limp from the physical exertion of her orgasm. Tori began slapping and biting her butt cheeks, eliciting a giggle from Jessica. She finally slid off of me and rolled over onto her back. She moved her hand back down to her cunt and began playing with herself again. Tori crawled up on me and we shared a kiss.

"She tastes good, doesn't she?"

"Um hmm. Let's see how you taste." I pushed Tori off me and onto her back, with her head hanging over the end of the king-sized bed. She grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs back to allow me full access to her naughty bits. I stuck two fingers in my mouth and got them all wet with spit, circled them around her asshole and pushed in slowly. She let out a light moan as my tongue went to work on her clit. She was absolutely drenched, so much so, in fact, that the comforter was already stained with a pool of cunt juice where she'd rotated back.

I spent a few minutes finger fucking her asshole and tongue fucking her cunt. My fingers began to get dry, so I pulled them out and stuck them back in my mouth and re-wet them. I swirled them around in my mouth to get them sloppy wet again, then mixed it with the cunt juice dripping down between her legs, then slowly eased them back into Tori's tight little butthole. Jessica sat back and watched us. After a couple of minutes, Tori had her second orgasm.

When she'd come down, we all laid across the bed for a few minutes, arms and legs intertwined, not saying a word. I wanted to get up to go turn the heater off so I could hear everyone breathing (because I'm weird like that), but decided I was too comfortable and too lazy to get up and actually do it.

"I've never seen two women have sex, not right in front of me like that." Clearly, this night was holding several firsts for Jessica.

Tori asked no one in particular if we'd like to do a triangle. Absolutely.

I rolled over on my back and stretched out and Tori crawled in between my legs. She got into a position where she could trib me and asked Jessica to come over and join us.

"Where do you want me?"

"Sit on my face, facing her," I said, wanting her to sit on me where she could kiss and play with Tori while I was tongue fucking her. She crawled over me and lowered her cunt right onto my waiting mouth. I pushed my tongue as deeply into her cunt as I could get it, mashing my nose into her asshole. She leaned forward a bit, I'm assuming to begin kissing Tori. I could feel her body moving in response to whatever Tori was doing to her. As she was doing that, she subconsciously began moving her pelvis back and forth across the lower half of my face. She was grinding into my face, trying to use the hardness of my jaw and the soft, slipperiness of my tongue to masturbate herself to another orgasm. I don't even recall feeling anything going on in my crotch while this was happening.
