 I ditched work today and went to catch a first run movie. The young lady behind me in line wanted to make chit-chat. That was fine with me. We had quite a wait ahead of us. Her name was Meghan. She was 19, recently engaged to a boy in the small town where she lived and just gushing with happiness. I found her entertaining and pretty with her long auburn hair in a thick braid that reached the middle of her back. Fluffy bangs framed her forehead and she seemed to blow at them by habit. She was green-eyed, 5'7" and shapely. She wore a simple green plaid shirtwaist dress cinched with a brown leather belt, brown loafers, no stockings. No makeup marred her flawless skin. She didn't need it. It was smooth and creamy and her lips a natural soft red. She said her dad and her fiancé, Kurt, have never understood her need to come often to the big city.

Now, I am an executive at an advertising firm, slightly taller than Meghan, with black hair. Polished, beautiful according to most, 38, and stacked nicely. However, I went for the casual look in the movie line today with my hair up and in a clip, slacks and a shirt rolled up at the sleeves. 

I am divorced with no children. My ex-husband caught me in a most indelicate situation six years ago while we were on vacation that ended our marriage. Coming in early from his business meeting, he found me on my knees in the foyer sucking the pussy of our desk clerk who was sprawled out in an arm chair. During our five years together, I was very unfaithful and never got around to telling him that I like to fuck girls. Actually, I like it better than fucking a man. I offered to share her with him, but he was having none of it. He stormed into the bedroom and I finished her off. She was a lovely young woman from Australia I'd noticed immediately when we arrived. Young, healthy, vibrant--just the way I love my women. Like the one I'm talking to now. She brought up a piece of my jewelry from the safe and I easily seduced her with my words and my hands. Aussie pussy is the way I list that conquest in my little book.

Just as we were nearing the box office, the Sold Out sign appeared. "Gosh darn," she wailed. "All that waiting for nothing. What am I going to do with myself now?" 

Oh, shit was my unsaid sentiment. "This is a bummer," I commiserated verbally. "I have the day ahead of me, too. I took off for this." Then a thought hit me. Right between the legs. "Meghan, my condo is very near here. Would you like to follow me there? We can watch a video and have lunch."

"That would be great, Elly," she said enthusiastically. "I'm glad to have made a new friend."

We got to my place and I settled her in on the sofa. "Which would you like to do first, Meghan? Eat or watch a movie?"

"Let's do the movie first. I had a late breakfast. What are we watching, Elly?"

"How about we be a little mischievous and watch an XXX-rated movie," I asked hopefully. On my drive home, I decided I could really have a little fun with this country girl. If she was game. I hadn't had time for a woman in a week and I needed one really bad.

She went for it. "This is so exciting. I've never seen one before. Things are so different back home. We certainly can't get them at our video store. My dad is a pillar in the community. He'd go crazy if he thought I wasn't still a virgin. He would have a stroke he if caught me watching an adult movie."

So, she was still a virgin. Well, I certainly can't insert anything to far into her. My favorite dildo will have to stay hidden. I'll just put my fingers in her a little, just to wet them. Feel her warmth for a few seconds anyway. I would have to content myself with eating her pussy and sucking those firm breasts. I can live with that. And then there's kissing. I love kissing women. Maybe I can screw her. God, I love that, too. I may even have to convince her that it's not real fucking. "You're still a virgin, Meghan? That's so refreshing! You can learn a few things from the movie."

"That's true. I know next to nothing. No one will find out. And I like feeling a little bit naughty," she said shyly.

I looked over my collection and found my favorite. It was a double and included man-woman and woman-woman action. There were actually good plots, decent dialogs and lots of hot fucking. I watched her from the corner of my eye as she paid rapt attention to the action in the movie from beginning to end. She was quiet afterward.

"So, Meghan, did you like the movie?" I asked as I rose from the sofa and stood behind her. She was tensed up and I began rubbing her shoulders, starting my seduction. "I know you're an innocent, but someday you'll be doing some of those things with you husband. He'll lick these beautiful breasts of yours," I crooned as I rubbed them through her bra..

"I had no idea people did things like this. Two women? Elly, please don't...Kurt never touches me like this." She breathed raggedly, chest heaving.

"Shh, sweetheart. People have all kinds of sex. They will do anything to get the release that only a good cum can bring. There is nothing wrong with anything you saw on that screen. It's what people do." I unbuttoned the top of her dress, slipped my hands inside her bra, rubbed her breasts and squeezed her nipples. "Just feel me touching your skin."

"Oh, my heavens," she shuddered.

"Meghan, I've done those things with men and women, separately and together." I continued rubbing her and bent to kiss the top of her head. "About two months ago, a couple was here collecting for a charity. I fucked them both. He took me from behind while I ate his wife's pussy. Do you remember seeing that scene in the movie?"

"You put your face in her..., like the girl in the movie?" Meghan asked quietly. "Did you do all those other things to her?"

"Yes. Yes I did. I very much enjoy making love to young women. If you let me, I'd like to do those things with you, Meghan."

"That movie did give me some strange, tingly feelings," she said, standing. "Kurt probably knows less about sex than me. He never touches my breasts except by accident and I am almost certain he wouldn't let me sit on his face. If I let you touch me like that, I'll still be a virgin for him, won't I, Elly?"

"Technically, yes, sweetheart. Now let me see you undress." I led her to my bedroom as we talked. My eyes feasted on her as she shed her dress. Her underwear was white cotton and very utilitarian. She discarded them and put an arm over her breasts and one hand on her pussy. She was shy and still a bit uncertain as to what she was getting into. For me, unexpected pussy was such a treasure. And I was about to taste her virgin stuff.

"Aren't you going to get undressed? " she asked . "I don't want to be naked by myself."

"Of course, baby. Wow, you have a gorgeous body. Your pussy is big and lovely. I most certainly will enjoy you." 

" I always thought I was a little abnormal down there. What will Kurt think of me? Maybe I could get pretty underwear like yours."

"He'll be lucky to have you, Meghan," I said as I led her to the bed. "The underwear doesn't matter. We only want what's under it." It was time to put my hungry tongue to work on this pretty little thing with her big cunt. I wasted no time taking her in my arms. I rammed my tongue into her sweet mouth as I squeezed her ass cheeks. She gasped, caught off guard. She kind of started kissing me back as I brought a hand to her pussy. It was already moist. I intended to have her dripping into my mouth in a matter of minutes.

I positioned myself in the bed and instructed Meghan to grab the headboard. She settled her pussy in the vicinity of my face. Her pussy lips were indeed large from this angle, just the way I like them. I slowly pulled them open as she whimpered. I made a 'fuck you' hand and stuck the finger just inside her vagina, moving it around to feel her moisture and heat. Little surprised sounds escaped from her. Then I brought her down to my mouth and began licking her, lapping at her. She squirmed, but I held tight as I took her. When my tongue slipped into her wet, open slit, she muttered an expletive her daddy would be ashamed of. Oh, but her daddy should see his little girl now with a woman's tongue lodged in her tight pussy. When at last I manipulated her core, the little small town girl twirled her cute ass, braid swaying and fucked my face like the girl in the movie. She moaned in pure ecstacy as she came 'once, twice, three times with a lady.' Ha ha!

I left her, well-sucked and exhausted, to freshen up while I made something for lunch. The small feast was laid out on the coffee table in the living room when she came in, wearing the robe I'd loaned her. She sat on the floor and continued to talk as we ate. She told me her mom left her dad and her for another man when she was 10. Her dad was broken-hearted and called her mom the worse kind of whore. He vowed to raise her right and they moved to the new town where they were now living. Daddy and she took up a pious existence, she explained.

After lunch, Meghan said, "Elly, this has been a real good experience for me--the best I've had in the city. You really like doing stuff like this with women, don't you?"

"I love it. I gave up my husband because he couldn't understand that I like to fuck women, too. Just a few weeks ago I was asked by one of my best clients who knew of my proclivity to have sex with her daughter. She said her daughter claimed to be a lesbian and she wanted to see just what it was 'you gals do to each other.' I've never been deliberately watched by anyone before, but it turned me on. Fortunately, the girl was my type. I gave that daughter two hours of my best sucking and fucking and her mother got quite an education."

"It's getting late. Dad and Kurt will be wondering what happened to me. Thank you for today, Elly. You made me feel so alive."

"It's been good for me, too, sweetheart. I loved seeing your gorgeous body and feeling you cum. But before you leave, I need something from you Meghan. I need to cum like you did."

Meghan began talking very fast. "Elly, what you did to me was wonderful. It really was. I mean I feel so good. Your tongue on my...in my...But I can't reciprocate. I just can't. You understand, don't you?" She gasped for a breath.

"Hold on, honey. You don't have to do anything. Just remove the robe and we'll go back to my bed. I'll take from you, but I guarantee you'll join me in my pleasure." She did as I requested. Cupping her mound, I said, "I just want to feel my pussy on this beautiful thing. Remember how the woman rode the girl in the movie? That's what I'm going to do to you."

"Oh, yes. I remember. It seemed to go on forever." She released her breath, but caught it again as I began rubbing those big, swollen lips. I touched the right buttons because she was writhing in no time at all, taking her pleasure once again.

Now it was my turn. I positioned myself above her, then bent my head for a deep tongue kiss. Sucking her firm breasts into my mouth, I lavished each with tongue and saliva. She moaned when I made contact with her pussy. It was pure rapture as I slowly raked my pussy up and down her mound, joining with her. When I began to screw my body in circles on her, she learned fast, captured my rhythm and screwed me in return. When I felt I was about to cum, I lifted my pussy from her and plied her with kisses. I wanted to prolong my pleasure. I finally succumbed and came several times on her hot mound, wetting her completely. What in the world can be better than this feeling? Of course, I couldn't let her get dressed all wet. What else was there for me to do except put her legs on my shoulders and lick her clean again?

At the door, I gave her a kiss and my card with my business and home numbers. "I enjoyed talking to you and fucking you, Meghan. If you ever want a repeat, call me." She would be stiff for a few days and my marks on her body will disappear.

Two months later my secretary buzzed me telling me I had a visitor. She only gave the name Meghan. "Please send her in, Joyce." The girl was as beautiful today as she was the first time I saw her.

"Hi, Elly," she said shyly. "I know you're surprised to see me after all this time."

"Pleasantly surprised, Meghan. How have you been. You look wonderful."

"I've been good, Elly. Thank you. I was just wondering if you could, if you would..."

Meghan couldn't seem to finish her request. I knew exactly what she wanted. "Of course, sweetheart," I said, rising to lock my office door. "Take off your panties and sit here." I pointed to an arm chair. "I'm afraid I don't have much time. I have a business meeting down the hall."

"That's okay. I just need...Please put your tongue in me. Just a little bit, Elly. There, I said it."

I took her pussy quickly. She was primed and ready and her cum took no less than two minutes. She thanked me as she straightened her clothes. My secretary's buzz informed me that my meeting was about to begin. Well, I'd have to go with pussy on my breath. But I'm not complaining!

The next time I heard from Meghan was four months later. She asked me to meet her in a park halfway between her town and my city. I pulled my large SUV into the parking lot next to Meghan's compact. When she got into my vehicle, I leaned over and kissed her lips and caressed her breast.

"Umm... That was nice. Elly, I wanted to tell you that Kurt and I have moved up the wedding. It's in a few days. We're not having anything fancy. It was my idea. You've stirred all these feelings up in me. If I don't marry him now, I might not ever. I love him, of course. And I want babies. But I also like what we did together. I think about it all the time."

"It's all right to want both, Meghan. Remember I was married. You can certainly make more frequent trips to the city to let me fuck you. After Kurt takes your virginity, I would love to see my special dick slide inside you. Do you have time to fool around a little in the back?"

"Heavens, yes, Elly! I love the way you fuck me. I said 'fuck', didn't I?" She giggled. 

We opened our doors and got out. I looked around the park. There was not another soul in sight on this warm fall day. I pulled the cargo door open. In anticipation, I had already let down the seats and spread a thick comforter. When we climbed in, I was pleasantly surprised when Meghan suddenly pulled her dress over her head and revealed her nakedness. Her pussy glistened.. She was ripe for fucking. 

I wore a fitted dress that zipped from top to bottom. I had her pull the zipper and reveal my own nakedness. As we knelt, I kissed her deeply as I fondled her breasts and her wet pussy. I guided her hand to my breasts and lower to my pussy. She seemed surprised that she could do it. It was a good start for her. Before long I'll have her putting her little fist in my pussy, I thought. I laid her down and gave her what she craved. I thrust my tongue in her swollen pussy. She arched her body in orgasm and filled my mouth with her nectar. As I prepared to mount her, I looked into that beautiful, satiated face and knew that time after time she would come to me for the ultimate pleasure. I touched myself to her...