 My girlfriend and I stumbled through the door. Our apartment was dark and still. "Everyone's gone for the weekend, Jackieeee!" I squealed a bit louder than I would have. "I love you so much, Cee..." she turned toward me and grabbed me by the collar, pulling me in for a kiss. She pushed the door shut behind me and pushed me up against it; I ran my hands over her soft strong body, feeling her bra-less chest and working my way down, pulling her hips in by her belt. She was my height but broader and stronger; but I wouldn't let her assert herself. I whirled her around to pin her to the wall, grabbing her wrists and holding them over her head. She smiled and with her eyes ever so slightly open bit her lower lip; it drove me insane. I kissed her again on the mouth, then worked my way over to kiss and bite her ear. She moaned into mine. 

I let Jack go, and she shot me a mischievous smile. I turned to walk toward the kitchen. "I'mma grab us some water babe." "Why, you already got me so wet..." I shot her a smile over my shoulder, raising one eyebrow.

When I got back to the bedroom she had kicked off her shoes and pants, and was lounging in her usual domestic outfit of black boxer briefs and a white t-shirt. "Here you go babe," I said as I plopped the water down next to her and gave her a peck on the lips. She started chugging the water almost immediately and when she got a chance sighed: "You always know what I need." 

"Don't drink it all gimme some of that!"

I kicked off my sneakers and jeans, took my shirt and bra off, and joined her in bed. I liked being topless next to her, her every movement brushing against my bare skin, sending a tingling through my nerves... My clit started throbbing just thinking about it.

She handed me the water then checked her phone as I gulped down the much-needed hydration. "I couldn't believe that fucking Uber driver!" she said. 

"Right? I was so uncomfortable. Should we report her for her inappropriate comments?" 

"I don't know, I'm used to people just feeling entitled to ask what we do in bed. It's like, it's not a Saturday night until someone asks us!" 

"Mostly check our phones, tbh..." 

"What, you think we don't have enough fucksessions?" 

"I mean we've been together 10 months. It's bound to die down."

"Not Marcy and Em, those two go at it like rabbits." 

"But not with each other." 

"Still, it's gotta keep stuff interesting no?"

"Here look." Jack showed me a picture from Marcy's insta of the two of them on the beach; Em wearing a sports bra and shorts and baring the most social-media-ready bod of all time, and Marcy wearing a tanktop and bearing the most social-media-ready arms of all time. Those arms... "You can't say those two aren't all over each other."

"Those arms..."

"Right?? Marcy is too gorgeous..." 

"Was she flirting with us tonight? or is she like that with everyone? or was she just flirting with you?" My rapidfire questions revealed the undercurrent of anxiety and excitement I was feeling after our whirlwind night of drinking, dancing, and drinking some more.

"Shut up if she was flirting with anyone it would be you." 

I blushed. "Nooooo..."

"Yeeessss come ON you don't even KNOW the effect you have on other girls!" 

"Shut up!! You had THREE girls come up to you while I was in the bathroom line!"

"You were gone for a long-ass time!!" 

"Mmmm did you miss me?" I stroked her collar bone area teasing ever lower toward her nipple. I fought the urge to just bite it, knowing how it drove her wild. 

"No, I had plenty of new friends to talk to," she teased. I slapped her tit. "What, you jealous?" 

"As long as Marcy wasn't only flirting with you I wouldn't be..." 

She smiled at me, stroked my short hair, and started kissing me. Immediately I felt myself start getting wet; maybe it was the alcohol or the excitement about talking finally about our mutual crush, but I was feeling eager. I got on top of her, and she ran her fingers down my bare back as she kissed me deeply. 

Just then Jack's phone rang; we stopped for a second til we realized it was Marcy. I couldn't help but feel a slight sting that she'd called Jack and not me, but I was too horny to get off Jack or to be offended. Jack answered it and put it on speaker. "Marcy what up!!"

"Hey how's it going Jack? You with Leah?" 

That was my cue. "Hey Marcy it's meeeee!" 

There was a laugh on the other end. "What up guys? Sorry I called so late, Em is away this whole weekend and now I feel lame for leaving Alley Bar so early..." 

"It's for the best," Jack said and patted my back. I was still straddling her. "Leah just about kicked all their kegs." 

"And now I'm gonna tap YOUR keg... I mean uh heeeyyyyy Marcy..." I winked at Jack. I knew I was pushing things, but I was in the mood to flirt and fuck and I trusted Marcy. Besides, hadn't she been flirting with us all night? To my relief I heard a laugh on the other end of the line. Jack rolled her eyes but smiled.

"Leah that wasn't even a good one. Sorry about that Marcy... we're just laying around in bed when you called." I started kissing her neck.

"That's alright, it actually sounds kinda hot..." 

We looked at each other in shock and delight. "Really..." Jack said.

"Yeah, I mean, am I interrupting you guys?" Marcy sounded hesitant for probably the first time ever since we'd met her. She was usually the cocky one. 

"Not at all, um..." we gestured at each other in imperfect nonverbal communication, but it was clear we were both feeling a bit of a thrill. "Um...we can tell you what we're wearing...hehehe..." Jack said. 

"No you first Marcy whatchu wearing girl!" I piped. I got off Jack and lay to one side of her, starting to work my fingers into the waistband of her boxerbriefs and stroking her hip, just to the outer edges of her pubic hair. She sighed quietly. We listened with bated breath.

"Hah alright... I'm wearing red boyshorts with a button fly, and a really really thin white ribbed tank..." I could hear her smile through the phone, and I imagined her laying down in bed, the dark circles of her areolae visible through the shirt. "...ok, how about you?"

I mouthed soundlessly to Jack, WHAT IS HAPPENING? She mouthed back, NO IDEA!!

Jack kept her eye contact with me as she said: "I'm wearing black boxer briefs, and a really, really thin white t-shirt." 

"Nice," we heard Marcy say.

"And Leah is wearing just some gray boyshorts, and they're incredibly hot..." I blushed. I'd never heard myself being described to a third person before. "They're riding up a bit into her perfect little ass, I'm so lucky I get to grab that ass whenever I want." I swallowed hard and moved my fingers over to stroke her trimmed but thick pubic hair. I wanted to bury my head in her bush but I knew I'd have to be patient. Jack and I kept eye contact as I stroked down a little farther, with one finger on either side of Jack's slit, working the outer labia. 

We heard Marcy's breath get heavier. "What are you guys doing?"

Jack smiled at me. "She's teasing me." 

Marcy laughed. "Oh? How?"

"She's touching... she's stroking just the outside of, of my junk, but it feels so good..." It seemed that Jack was happy to talk and I was happy to do, so I stopped worrying about chiming in and focused on touching her. "Marcy how are you doing?"

"I'm doing great, I have a really hot image in my head. I didn't expect this..."

"Neither did we! You want me to keep going?"

"Damn fucking right." Her assertiveness emboldened me; I was going to fuck Jack, I was going to lick her til she came, I was going to 69 her til we both came. I wanted to play with her ass. I wanted her to play with mine. And all with Marcy on the phone.

Jack continued. "She's touching lower and lower, gently pulling at my skin, mmm..." she sighed as she parted her legs wider for me. It was the invitation I loved and craved, the ultimate sign of consent. I reached down even lower, and finally my fingers found her moist cunt. Slowly, I drew the moisture up and ran my wet fingers over her clit. "She just touched my clit, ugh I'm so wet." 

We heard Marcy's breathing. 

"Marcy are you touching yourself?"

"I am, I'm making a wet spot on the bed and I'm just getting started. And I'm going to be fucking myself later with my dildo, so keep going."

It was crazy how natural all this felt; I'd never had phone sex before, let alone with a friend, let alone while having actual sex with my girlfriend. I kept gently circling her clit with my fingers.

Marcy kissed me, reassuring me that her focus was on me, and kept narrating. "Now she's slipping my bottoms off. She's using her fingers to, mmm... to part my pussy lips... she's looking at it like... like she's a vampire or something." 

All three of us laughed. 

"Damn I didn't know she was such a clit-sucker..." Marcy said. 

"Oh she would eat pussy for every meal if she could. You've no idea how slutty my girl is. Maybe you'll get to try it someday." I looked up at her wide-eyed and drop-jawed, taken aback but giddy at the suggestion of letting me hook up with hot-ass Marcy. 

"Mmm that sounds so good. Leah hit me up whenever." We all laughed. 

"I might have to!" I responded. Then I lowered my face to her hairy savory-smelling cunt and gave her dainty little clit a long big lick. 

"MMmmmm oh god... Marcy she just licked my clit... She's moving her tongue back and forth... oh fuck... oh god Leah you make me feel so good..." 

I wanted to touch myself so bad; I was so turned on. My shorts clung damp to my cunt.

"Mmmm she just... stuck her tongue in my pussy... she's tongue-fucking me... oh jesus fuck..," I kept pushing her legs farther apart, so I could lick down, downward... I wanted to do everything to her. I wanted to eat her ass but I'd never done it before and it didn't seem like the time to try something different.

Jack kept talking. "She's got a couple fingers in my pussy now... mmm oh god... I think she's, she's tapping my G-spot or something fuck... she's taking her underwear off, I can smell her, fuck i want to lick her clit so bad..." 

Marcy moaned. "I'm starting to fuck myself... you two are turning me the fuck on..." I imagined her sitting up in bed, having taken everything off, touching herself and fucking herself with a big dildo, while imagining two of her closest friends fucking. 

I kept licking Jack's clit, fucking her with my index and middle fingers. They were sliding in and out with ease; I twisted them slightly with every stroke. Casually I began letting my ring finger brush against her asshole. Moisture was dripping down her crack, so I very subtly drew circles around her tight rim. 

"Mmmm Leah I'm gonna come..." I felt her strain to open her legs even wider, desperate for release. Just as I thought she might come I let up. "Fuck... Marcy she's teasing me again...I was almost there..." 

"If I were there I'd spank her for you, the fucking tease." Me, they were talking about me that way... it was pretty hot to hear every emotion from my partner, echoed and reinforced by a friend on the phone.

"You might have t--oh christ," Jack moaned as I repositioned myself. "She's about to sit on my face, I can smell her tasty pussy... gawd I'm so lucky..." 

"Mmmm I wish I were there to fuck her while you lick her..." Marcy moaned into the phone. Her breathing was heavy now. 

"God that would be so hotttt... she's dripping wet, right in front of my face... she won't let me lick her just yet... "

"Mmm gotta teach that tease a lesson..." 

Jack slapped my ass hard; it drove me crazy. "She's still fucking me... and playing with my ass and her pussy is in my face... mmmm..." 

"Holy shit you guys I'm fucking myself and I'm almost... I'm coming..." and she started to moan loudly.

I finally lowered my pussy to her mouth and Jack started licking me. As I started getting close to coming, she started working a finger into my ass. I started licking her, harder this time, more consistently, and all we could hear from Marcy was moaning and all she could hear from us was moaning. Jack slapped my ass and moaned loudly into my pussy as I licked faster and faster and she came, twitching underneath me. I stopped licking her, fucking her as she licked my clit and vibrating the finger in my ass until I too came, loudly, just as we heard Marcy on the line: "Fuckkk!!! You guys I just came so fucking hard." 

We collapsed, my leg still over her shoulder, her finger still inside me, my fingers still in her. For a good minute nobody said anything, we just all panted and felt the sweet release. 

I got off Jack and turned around so I could spoon her, then turned to the still open phonecall. Jack said nothing so I finally spoke: "Marcy, you still there?"

"Mmm yeahhhh..." 

"That was so hot... I think Jack is so relaxed right now she's dead..." Jack let out a laugh and a sigh. I squeezed her tight.

"Mmm Em should be gone for the weekend more often," Marcy said. 

Jack clicked her tongue in thought. "Or..." 

Jack looked at me, and I finished her thought. "Or you can call us when she's around?"

A pause; we waited with baited breath. Was that too far? Would Em be uncomfortable? Was this the end of our friendship?

Then Marcy said, "Em and I would be so, so down for that." Jack and I smiled at each other, then she turned around and kissed me.

We talked on the phone a few more minutes, then hung up. Jack and I held each other tight, thinking about the next time Marcy might call.