 I have no intention of boring the reader here, however I think it's important to inform the people who I am, how I got here, who's important in my life and how I came to meet my best friend, Jen Taylor. The first half of this chapter establishes all of that. The second half (and the chapters to come) are a bit more suited to the interests of the adult erotica community. Please bear with me.

As summer was coming to a close I had no idea how much my life was about to change. My mom and dad kept hinting that I should get out and find a job but my focus was on the upcoming ski season. I knew they were right but I felt I wanted some sort of a career. I just didn't know what. I did know that I didn't want to be stuck behind the counter at the local donut shop. I remember telling my grandmother about it and she told me, "Don't worry. Something will turn up and you'll know when it's right."

It was around the first week of November when I awoke to some commotion down stairs. I didn't pay much attention but I decided to get up and fix some breakfast. I got downstairs in time to see my mom backing out of the driveway and heading down the road. My dad came out from the kitchen and put his hand on my shoulder.

"What's going on?"

Dad just stared at me and took a deep breath. "Your grandmother passed away this morning. She had a heart attack and your mother's gone up to Dover to make final arrangements."

It was like someone kicked me in the stomach. I couldn't get my breath and when I finally did I cried uncontrollably in my father's arms. I loved my grandma and with her passing I felt as if my life had ended also.

We drove to Dover on Monday for the wake and the funeral on Tuesday. How I made it through that ordeal I'll never know. I knew my dad was in a hurry to get home. He owned a large construction business and had just been awarded a huge contract to turn all the old mills along the river in Adams into condos. However, he took the time to look over grandmother's property so my mom would have more information for the realtor when she called them later in the week.

There was a barn out behind the house and when dad opened the door I could see the old horse drawn carriage inside. I remember my grandfather sitting me in the seat when I was around six or seven years old and I'd pretend I was riding up and down Main Street, showing off its bright red wheels.

On the other side of the dirt driveway was a building my grandmother had told me was the servants' quarters from days long ago. Dad tried the door but it was locked. "Well, we can check it out when we meet with the realtor," he said peering through the window. "C'mon, I've got to get back."

"I just want to get my hot chocolate mug in the kitchen," I shouted.

"Well, make it quick and turn the heat back while you're in there," he ordered

I turned the heat back, grabbed my mug and went into the living room for the last time. I fought back the tears as I stared at my grandmother's empty chair.

"Good bye grandma. I love you."

We made the trip home and I went to be early that night thinking how much my life had just changed. My grandmother, who I always enjoyed talking to and could confide in about anything, was now just a memory. I had nowhere to stay if I wanted to ski., I really enjoyed my job at the motel, but it didn't pay enough and Lenny wasn't about to let me stay there for nothing.

I stared into the darkness thinking I had no reason to get up in the morning when I clearly heard my grandmother's voice. "Don't worry. Something will turn up and you'll know when it's right."

I knew the voice was in my head but it sounded so real that I turned on the light over the bed. No one was there and the clock on the nightstand read five of two. I fell back on the pillow thinking about my grandmother's words. She was always right and it seemed like a thousand thoughts raced through my head. When I reached up to turn off the light I glanced at the clock, which now read five thirty. "Guess I dozed off," I thought. I threw on my robe and headed down stairs to find my dad pouring a coffee.

"Boy, you're up early," he said with surprise.

"You got a minute? I want to talk to you."

"Sure," he answered. "What about?"

I didn't say anything as I poured a coffee.

"Are you alright?" dad asked.

It took a minute to respond. I sat at the kitchen table and rested my chin on the palm of my hand. "Do you like your job?"

"Yea," he replied with a confused look.

"How come?"

"Well, I guess I just like making things or in the case of the mill buildings, I like turning non-practical things into something useful. Dad paused. "What's this all about?"

"Wait. I've got one more question. What's going to happen to grandma's house?"

"It was left to your mother. We both work down here so there's no sense in owning two houses. As soon as we get everything together it'll go on the market, most likely in a couple of weeks. Why?"

I bit down on my lower lip and stared at the table top, hoping dad would understand what I was about to say. "You and mom want me to get a job," I said as, I looked him in the eye. "I'd like to take grandma's house and turn it into a bed and breakfast."

That got dad's attention. He rubbed his fingertips over his lips which he always did when he gave thought to something. He picked up his coffee mug and took a deep breath. "Are you sure that's something you might want to do?"

"Yeah, I'd really like to pursue it," I told him.

"Of course it would take a big commitment on your part and it would be pretty expensive to fix up that old house."

"Yea, I thought of that. If I had studied in school and got all "A"s then decided I wanted to go to medical school, how much would that have cost?"

Dad chuckled. "A lot more than it would cost to fix up your grandmother's house."

"Well," I continued. "This is something I want to do and I know I can do it but I'll need your help."

Dad paused for what seemed like an eternity. "I'll talk it over with your mother. After all, it's her decision. Now, I don't want you to mention this to your mother. She's going through a tough time right now and I don't want to upset her. With the holidays coming and all, I want to keep things calm so it may be some time before you get an answer on this."

"That's okay," I smiled. "I love you and mom and I'd like to make you proud of me."

Dad took my hand. We're proud of you now, honey. Let me see what I can do."

On Christmas I usually get loaded up with sweaters, hats and all the paraphernalia that a skier would need to survive the slopes. This year was different in that I only got one gift and an envelope. The envelope contained a card and a season pass to Squaw Ridge. The gift box really had me puzzled. I thought it might be a sweater but I could tell by the weight that it wasn't clothing. I removed the lid and pealed back the tissue paper to reveal a framed picture of my grandma's house.

My mom spoke up. "I couldn't get the real house down here so the picture will have to do. Your father told me about your idea for a bed and breakfast and I will admit I was skeptical at first but I think your father knows you better than I do so I went along with his good judgment. The house is yours. Well, let me rephrase that. The house is in your father's and my name but you're in charge of it."

I looked at my dad who gave me a big smile. I broke down and cried. "It'll be the best bed and breakfast in Dover," I told my mom while giving her a hug that almost took her off her feet.

Dad wasted no time in getting a foreman up to Dover. His name was Dan and because of the distance, he stayed at his sister's house in Easton and hired local workers as his crew. The first of January they started ripping the place apart.

I stayed at home in Adams only to go to Dover on weekends to ski and check out the work being done. I don't think Dan ever took a day off. He always took the time to go over the work being done and offering suggestions, which I sometimes thought might be too expensive.

"Don't worry," he told me. " Your father made me a temporary foreman for this job. To become a permanent foreman I have to prove myself and this house is going to be a showpiece when I'm done and it will come in under budget."

The first week of April I was informed that all the bedrooms were pretty much finished so I moved up into the house. Lenny was more than happy to have me back working at the Golden Eagle Motel and now, with a job and a place to live, I started ordering furniture, drapes, pictures for the walls, and anything else I could think the bed and breakfast would need.

Except for the kitchen, the inside work was completed and the warmer months were spent on the outside. Different crews were in and out replacing the windows, ripping out the front stairs and replacing them with a porch that went across the entire front of the house and down the side all the way to the kitchen door They also added a large stairway extending from the corner of the porch out to the driveway. The siding and new roof shingles took most of August and I enjoyed watching the hard bodied, sweaty guys going up and down the ladder from my Adirondack chair.

The only thing that hadn't been addressed was a sign for the front lawn and I told Dan that I would take on that little project. Dan took the old carriage left out in the barn and gave it to a guy named Ed Buckland over in Easton who restored old automobiles. Though this was a horse drawn carriage he thought it would be a good project for his son. In return Ed would do any furniture stripping that was needed. There was an extra carriage wheel left behind so I took it to a sign shop that Lenny put me onto. I had made a sketch of what I wanted and the owner seemed pretty excited about taking on the job. "You're a lousy artist but you have a great idea here," he laughed. "Leave it to us and we'll give you a sign you'll be proud of."

The sign was roughly four feet by five feet with the wheel from the old carriage resting on the top left corner. The spokes were a bright, shiny red with a yellow trimmed wheel and read: "The Red Wheel. Bed & Breakfast."

Dan was thrilled with the sign and talked about it for days, which made me really happy. I was pleased I could contribute something to the effort besides painting the eight Adirondack chairs on the porch.

Labor Day weekend was upon us and the motel was full so Lenny gave us housekeeping girls the weekend off but expressed the importance of showing up on time Monday as every unit and the cabins had to be attended to. On Friday I was sitting on the porch with a coffee and a note pad, jotting down everything I could think of that had to be done, when a car pulled into the driveway. A woman I figured to be in her twenties got out and came up the stairs.

"Hi, can I help you?" I asked.

"Yea, I was looking for the office. I need a place to stay tonight and everything seems to be full," she answered.

"Well, we're not even open for business yet. It's Labor Day weekend and you'll be lucky to find anything but come on in and I'll check the phone book. Maybe there's something away from the lake. By the way, I'm Margie Gilday."

"Jen Taylor," said the visitor, extending her hand. "I don't want to be a bother."

"It's no bother at all."

I called several places to the south of Dover but everything was full. She told me she was from Reston and had a job interview at the hospital, which was just a mile from here. Reston is about a half hour south of Adams and she thought she'd be too tired to make the two and a half hour drive home. "Maybe there'll be something once you get out of the tourist area," I told her. I kind of felt bad that I couldn't be of more help. We talked a bit and she was commenting on how nice the place looked so I gave her a small tour. "Everything is ready except the kitchen and that should be done in the next few weeks."

We walked out onto the porch where she pointed to the servant's quarters. "What are they doing over there?"

"Oh, that's not really part of the bed and breakfast. It's an apartment that I'm going to rent out. In fact it's all done. They're just putting in a light fixture and painting the bathroom ceiling.

"Can I see it?"

"Sure. Are you interested?"

"Well If I get this job I'll need someplace to stay," she stated.

I could tell she fell in love with the place the minute we went through the door. The living room alone was eighteen by twenty with a beamed ceiling and a large fireplace at the far end. It had two bedrooms, a kitchenette and a full bath. Dan was just folding up his stepladder and Jim, his helper, was cleaning a paint brush when we entered.

"Dan, this is Jen Taylor. She's thinking of taking the place."

"Well, that was quick," Dan shot back. "You don't even have the furniture in yet!"

I explained to Jen that I hadn't planned on renting the place until January and that it did come furnished but I wasn't sure she heard me as she went around checking everything out. As she was looking out the side door window Dan spoke up.

"There'll be a deck out there. I'm going to get Jim on that while I finish the kitchen. There'll also be a car port on the other side before the snow flies."

Jim looked at me and whispered, "Next he'll want to put a hot tub out there."

Dan hit Jim on the back with his hat but it was all in fun. Jim was only nineteen but turned out to be Dan's best worker. Back in January Dan wasn't sure he wanted to hire him and now they both traded humorous barbs and insults during the workday. Everyone got a kick out of it but I know that Dan's pretty proud of him.

Jen came into the living room. "How much are you asking?"

"Twelve hundred," I replied.

A grim look came over her face as she bit down on her lower lip. There was a long pause as she did some figuring in her head. "I'll take it under the condition I get this job."

"Great!"

"Well, let me get this job first. I'll be back later and let you know either way."

I walked her out to her car and patted her shoulder. "Good luck. I hope you get it."

"Thanks Margie." She took a deep breath, got in the car and headed out the driveway.

It wasn't until about four thirty when I saw Jen's car pull up along side the porch. I was really hoping she got the job. I couldn't put my finger on it but there was something about her that told me she'd be a great tenant.

"Well?" I questioned with a smile as I walked out onto the porch.

"I think I got two jobs! The hospital was easy. I use to work with one of the radiologists who I knew in Reston. He's the one who recommended me for this job. But, during the tour of the department, there was a Doctor Marino who was listening to everything I was saying. He later pulled me aside and asked if I could meet with him next week. He's with a group of orthopedic surgeons that have a practice across from the street from the hospital. Getting two jobs and that apartment in one day could be the highlight of my life."

I extended my arms and gave her a hug. "Welcome to the Red Wheel," I declared. "I was thinking. Since you're going to be my tenant, why don't you stay here tonight? You can test one of my fold-out beds," I laughed.

"I don't want to start out being a bother. I ..."

It's no bother," I cut in. "As long as you help me make the bed."

Jen smiled and shook her head. "I'm too tired to argue with you. I just want to call home and let them know where I am. Thanks Margie. I think I'm going to like it here."

The restaurants in town were full so we opted for take out at the Clam Box. Jen picked up a case of wine coolers and we took everything back to the house where we went through some furniture catalogs. I figured, as long as Jen was moving in, I'd let her pick out her own furniture. She stuck with the country theme and I told her I'd get the order in first thing in the morning.

We spent the rest of the evening sucking down wine coolers and relating stories of our lives. She was the most fascinating person I had ever met. She knew all about computers though she admitted, "I have no idea how they work but I do know what they can do and I take full advantage it." She knew the bible inside and out and was even writing a book on biblical history. But then she'd tell me a story about how she got involved in a sexual orgy somewhere. I hung on every word as all her tales were laced with great humor. We'd laugh and have another wine cooler toasting her new apartment, the bed and breakfast, and my new shoelaces! It didn't seem to matter. We just took great enjoyment in our new-found friendship.

We made our way over to the stairs and I got out the sheets. Jen insisted that getting out the foldout bed was too much work and that she could just throw the top sheet on the queen size bed and pull a comforter over her.

"Well, that wouldn't be very hostable.......hospital?" I mumbled.

"I think hospitable is the word you're looking for," she laughed.

Jen unbuttoned the top of her dress and pulled it over her head, exposing her blacked laced bra and panties to me. I took the dress and placed it neatly over the back of the chair and upon turning around I found myself face to face with her. She placed her hands on my hips and smiled. "Thanks for everything."

"It's okay. I'm glad to have you as my new tenant," I smiled back.

Then the unexpected happened. She drew my hips toward her and gave me a full kiss on my lips. I was totally taken by surprise but I didn't back off. I remembered when I was in high school; Paula and I made out on her parent's couch but that was as far as that went. Something was telling me that this might go further. I wasn't sure. Was Jen thanking me or was this an invitation? I leaned slightly forward and kissed her back. Her hands moved to my shoulders as we exchanged more passionate kisses. My hands went around her waist as she applied soft love bites to my lower lip.

Jen took a step back and fell onto the bed, taking me with her as she went down. I half knelt over her as we recklessly traded hot, open mouth kisses. Her hands caressed my hips before grasping the bottom of my sweatshirt and pulling it over my head. This was a lot further than Paula and I ever got and being the first time I figured I'd just follow Jen's lead. She raised herself slightly and removed her bra as I reached back and undid mine. I tossed both bras on the floor and returned to our heavy kissing. I guessed I was doing something right when my kissing moved from her lips to her neck. Her breathing got heavier and her moans a bit louder. I could feel the lust starting to run through me as I watched the pleasurable expressions on her face.

Her thumbs hooked into the waistband of my shorts and made several failed attempts to get them over my hips before I stood up and removed them myself. Jen arched her back and slid her panties over her butt. I took them the rest of the way over her ankles. A patch of very short, well-trimmed hair covered her pussy and I studied every aspect of her while removing my own panties.

Jen pushed herself back on the bed and I crawled up on top of her. I could feel my pussy hairs brush against hers as our tongues worked back and forth in each others mouths. Jen raised and lowered her hips in an almost rhythmic beat as if she was fucking me and, although there was no penetration, it was just as sensual as any guy I had ever been with. Her upturned hand slid down between my legs and her middle finger found my swollen clit. I closed my eyes and dropped my head as she firmly massaged and teased my sensitive bud. I couldn't move for fear I would collapse on top of her. I rested on my palms with my elbows locked and stared at her tits as her finger found its way to my now soaked hole and gathered more lubricant to apply to my clit.
