 I woke up Monday morning to a pouring rain. I knew we had a busy day at the motel and the weather wasn't going to help our efforts. I got down to the Golden Eagle around nine thirty in hopes that some of the guests might be checking out early. Actually, things went pretty smoothly until around two thirty when Lenny came over to unit twelve, where I was finishing up, and told me that Suzanne had slipped on one of the cottage stairs and had taken a fall. From all indications she had broken her wrist. Suzanne was a good worker and certainly would be missed. She was in her mid fifties and I knew the healing process would take a little longer. Judy went with her to the hospital and I made a mental note to get over to see her if she was staying there over night.

I didn't get back to the Red Wheel until four o'clock and, although I had been cursing the rain all day, I was happy to see Jen's car parked in front of the apartment. 

I dodged the raindrops and got inside to find Jen stacking boxes. I extended my arms and gave Jen a big hug. "I'm glad you're here," I told her.

"Did you think I wouldn't be?" she replied.

I was happy that she was settling in but I was getting those nervous feelings again, wondering if I would ever be ready to bring in guests to my business. Jen assured me that everything would be fine as she handed me a check for the twelve hundred dollar rent.

I just shook my head. "I don't even have a business account yet!" 

Jen smiled. "Okay, tomorrow we can swing by the bank and you can open an account. I have to open one for myself so we might as well do it together in one trip." 

We spent half the day on Tuesday setting up a bank account and, on the advice of the bank, joining the Dover Small Business Counsel. Jen was full of ideas and suggestions, most of which I hadn't even thought about. If I'm planning to serve food to the public I'll probably need a license. Guests don't just fall out of the sky so I was going to need a webpage, which meant I'd have to get a photographer. Accounting software, software to keep track of reservations and a list of policies were all things that would have to be done. By two o'clock I was getting overwhelmed with all these little things. "Just take things one at a time and you'll be fine. A lot of this stuff just takes a phone call," Jen assured me.

I was starting to realize how lucky I was to have Jen as a tenant. She was extremely organized but what impressed me most was the confidence she projected and after a few hours of being with her, that confidence was starting to rub off on me. I'm terrible with computers. I used them in high school and sent e-mails to my friends but I figured a computer would never help me ski down a mountain in record time so the interest just wasn't there.

When we got back to the Red Wheel, Jen sat down with me at the computer and walked me through some basic stuff including the accounting software that came with it. "This program is more than you'll need," she told me. "I have some software that I can load up on here that will help you with inventory and keeping track of bookings. It's pretty much the same one I use but we can customize it to run a bed and breakfast."

I didn't see Jen for the next few days. When I got up in the morning she was already gone and if she got back before I went to bed, I didn't hear her. Her furniture was delivered on Thursday and she wasn't even around to receive it. It wasn't until Friday afternoon; I had just got back from the motel, when Jen pulled into the driveway. She got out of the car carrying two paper bags and came up onto the porch. 

"Thanks for getting my furniture in," she said, plunking herself down in the chair next to me.

"I didn't do anything. The guys on the truck took care of it all," I remarked.

"Well, I should have been here but I got tied up over in Waterville," she told me while reaching into one of the bags and handing me a wine cooler.

"You've been in Waterville for three days?"

"The first job I ever had was at a religious retreat in Waterville so I went over on Wednesday to see who was still there. Thursday I met with the orthopedic surgeons. I start working with them the first week of October. Then I went back to Waterville to pick up some info and photographs for a web page they want me to do for them. In fact I'll do one for you. It'll be good practice seeing as I've never done one before. After that, I visited some friends who own the gift shop in town and didn't get back here until midnight. This morning I went shopping for bed sheets, a mailbox, and food. Have you had anything to eat?"

"Not yet. I thought I'd get something at the Elk Horn. The owner let me borrow a catalog from a restaurant supply company and I want to get it back to him. Why don't you come with me? It's the best food in town."

"Sounds good," she remarked. "I do want to get my computers up on the desk Jim put together for me and I want to take a shower. How 'bout we go in about an hour. Then after dinner you can help me make the bed. In fact after that... maybe you can help me break it in."

"I think I'd like that," I smiled. 

Jen went over to the apartment but not before banging on the kitchen door and handing Dan the other paper bag. "Here's a couple of beers for you guys when you're done. A little thanks for all you did while I was gone."

Dan thanked her then looked at me. "I talked to your father last night. He and your mom are coming up next Friday so I'd like to get this place as near to finished as possible."

That news made me a bit nervous. My mom hasn't been here since the work started and I hoped she'd be okay with everything. I thanked Dan and walked around the porch to the front door. I couldn't get Jen's invitation off my mind. I got into my room and locked the door before getting my clothes off. I was hoping tonight would be a repeat of our last bedroom meeting and I stood in front of my full-length mirror while lightly toying with my clit. I started to think how the sensation of our pussy grinding might have felt if the hair between my legs wasn't there and wondered how long it would take to rid myself of this furry patch. I got in the shower, hosed off the motel dirt and washed my hair before turning my attention to my more personal area. I had to get it down with a pair of scissors first before cleaning up with a new razor. Just the thought of doing this made me horny and seeing myself in the mirror when I finished really got my juices flowing. I put on my 'daintiest' panties, the hell with a bra, and covered up with my denim shorts and a sweatshirt.

Jen was already waiting for me on the porch when I came out. We used my car to get down to the Elk Horn where I returned the catalog I had borrowed. I couldn't thank the owner enough for his help, especially since I was his competition. "Well, nobody sleeps here and we don't serve breakfast so anything I can do to help let me know," he told me.

We both sat at the bar and had a burger and fries before getting back to Jen's Apartment. I was shocked to see all the computer equipment sitting on the desktop that Jim had made. There seemed to be two of everything. "One side is personal and the other side is work. I don't like to mix business with pleasure." she remarked. "C'mon, help me with these sheets.

The sheets were mauve in color with gray and beige accents and I remarked several times how nice they looked. I came around to Jen's side and shook my head. "Here, I'll show you how to make hospital corners."

"What's the difference?" she said, trying not to laugh.

"Hey! You're dealing with a professional bed maker here. They make the bed look nicer."

"The only thing that would make this bed nicer would be if you were on it."

With that she pushed me back and climbed on top of me. Our lips pressed together and it wasn't long before our tongues were probing each other's open mouths. I could already feel the lust that was running through my body as Jen's hand started caressing my thigh. Our tongues darted and fought and our lips pouted while exchanging soft love bites. 

Jen's hand found it's way to my waist where she unbuttoned my shorts then, standing up, she removed her blouse and unfastened her bra, letting it slide over her shoulders and dropping to the floor. She picked up my legs and placed them onto the bed before kneeling next to me. Pushing my sweatshirt up and over my tits, her lips went straight to my hard nipple. I watched as her tongue traced my areola in a circular motion before taking my nipple between her lips and gently sucking. I cupped my breast as if to feed it to her and she responded by taking as much of me into her mouth as possible. I closed my eyes and dropped my head back onto the pillow. I could feel Jen adjust her position and then felt a different sensation against my breast. I opened one eye slightly to see her holding her right breast as she guided her stiff nipple against mine. I bit down on my lower lip, as anything she did seemed to excite me more. She leaned forward and again our lips met. My arms dropped to my side and I gave in, allowing her to have her way with me. Her hand traveled over my stomach and found it's way beneath my shorts and panties and I heard her soft moan of approval as her fingers caressed my newly shaved mound. "My God," she whispered. 

Jen stood up and hastily removed her shorts and panties. Then, grabbing my waist band, she had me bare assed in one quick motion. She never took her eyes off my smooth bald pussy as she climbed back onto the bed. She placed her hands behind my knees and lifted me up. Then spreading my legs, she drove her tongue against my cunt and started licking and sucking like a kid trying to get the last few drops of ice cream from the bottom of the bowl. I thrust my hips upward while placing my hands behind her head, pulling her closer to my now soaked slit. Her tongue went deeper into my hole and my body writhed under the intense pleasure I was receiving. I've had a few guys down there before but it was nothing like this. Jen's tongue fucked me and worked my clit until the strength in her arms gave out and she lowered my legs to the bed.

We rested for a few seconds before she came toward me and straddled my face. Jen spread her pussy lips with her fingers and lowered herself onto my waiting tongue. I don't know if I could describe the taste other than to say she was delicious. I had never tasted a woman before, outside of myself, but after one good lick I knew I wanted more. 

Jen reached back and her middle finger found my clit as my mouth greedily worked between her thighs. I raised my hands to her ample breasts and pinched her nipples, softly at first then applying more pressure. Through my half closed eyes I could see on her face the fine line between pleasure and pain. Her mouth dropped open. "Oh, fuck," she groaned, as the juices from her pussy seemed to flow more freely. I squeezed harder and, although I knew it was a little painful, I could see she wanted more. My face was covered with her wet lust and I drove my tongue as deep as I could into her love hole. "Oh, fuck me. Fuck me good with that tongue," she shouted. I kept up the pressure on her hard nipples while eagerly licking the wetness of her womanhood. We were both out of control at this point I gave one hard pull of her nipples before my hands dropped to the side. Jen came off my mouth and worked her way back between my legs. 

Sliding her foot beneath my thigh she eased herself forward. I grasped her ankle and held it in the air as our cunts made hard contact. Jen's hips moved back and forth while I kept time with an up and down motion. We couldn't seem to rock fast enough, or push hard enough against each other.

"OH FUCK ME," Jen cried out. Give me that fucking cunt."

Her mouth remained open as her breathing got heavier, her moans got louder and I could feel her body tense. I knew she was almost there and I pushed harder against her, hoping that a little more pressure would put her over the edge. Her eyes closed and her teeth came together in an almost painful look. Then with a scream, Jen started shaking and fell to the side. I kept up my rocking and forced myself against her. I knew I was right behind her. Jen was still clutching the bed sheets and gasping for breath when that feeling of intense desire raced through my body. I let go of her ankle, grabbed my tits and let it all out. "OH MY GOD."

Jen's fingers squeezed my hip. "Yeah, cum for me, baby. Yeah, cum for me."

I twisted and moaned as I fought my way down the bed and into her arms. I couldn't stop kissing her and she replied with lustful but tender kisses of her own.

At some point we found our way to the top of the bed where we both lay motionless. I rolled onto my side and gently cupped her breast in my hand. "My God. That was so good," I whispered.

She looked at me and smiled. "I know. I'm glad we can do this once in a while."

I didn't respond but I was sure she knew I felt the same way.

*******************************************************

Jen started work on Tuesday and gave everyone explicit instructions not to disturb her between eight o'clock and noon. She didn't mind the noise the guys made while building the carport but said once she's focused she couldn't talk to anyone. I got down to the nursery and picked up five hanging plants for the porch. My folks would be up on Friday and I wanted the place to look it's best when they arrived. When I got back Dan and Jim were hanging a new kitchen door and I got my first good look inside. I was absolutely bowled over. It looked like something out of "Better Homes and Gardens". The stove had six burners, a griddle, and two ovens and was surrounded by brick. The cabinets were an antique blue with paned glass doors and the matching island housed the dishwasher and a large double sink. The huge, stainless steel refrigerator shined like new and it was all finished off with a wood floor and a beamed ceiling with recessed lighting.

"Oh my God," came a voice from behind me. Jen was standing there wide-eyed. "I think I'll give up the apartment and just move in here," she laughed. 

I started laughing right along with her. "Can you believe this? What's my mother going to say when she sees it?"

Jen put her arm around my shoulder. "Are you kidding? The French Chef would die for this kitchen."

I couldn't thank Dan enough but he just shrugged it off as if it were nothing. His casual attitude wasn't fooling me however. I could see in his eyes that he was damn proud of the job he did and well he should be.

My dad hadn't been up since July and my mom hadn't been up at all. She told me she didn't think she could bear to see the house she grew up in being torn apart so, sitting in my office, I was pretty nervous when I saw them pull into the driveway. They stopped before driving up to the parking area and both got out of the car to check out the sign. Dan went down to greet them and after a few words I saw a big smile come across my mom's face. That made me feel a whole lot better, so I got up and walked out onto the front porch as dad parked the car and Dan and my mom brought the bags up the stairway.

"What do you think?" I smiled.

Mom gave me a big hug. "I think it's beautiful. And Dan said the sign was all your idea?"

"Yea. It's a wheel from the old carriage that was in the barn."

My dad coming around the corner interrupted our conversation.. "What's going on over there?" he questioned, pointing at the servant's quarters.

"We're putting on a carport. You'll be able to get two cars in there," Dan told him.

"I thought we were going to rip that place down," said dad with a puzzled look.

Dan just laughed. "Talk to your daughter. I have nothing to do with it."

"I've never gone against what you say, dad, but in this case I had to step in. I had Dan turn it into an apartment so it would bring some extra income. So, you can't rip it down now. It's all finished," I told him in a smug but kidding way.

My dad looked at me, then at Dan. Dan just shrugged his shoulders. "Well, you put her in charge."

Dad put his hand to his forehead and started laughing. "Yep, I guess I did."

I gave mom and dad the grand tour. My mom loved the place and, although some major changes had been made, all the memories of the house she grew up in remained intact. 

My dad was in disbelief when he and Dan went over the books. I never really got into the finances with my father but I know he put a lot of money aside for this project and, from what I could gather, Dan had saved him thousands of dollars through his wheeling and dealing for supplies and services so it was no surprise when Dad offered him a foreman's job starting in April when one of Dad's top men was retiring. 

The real surprise came when Dad offered Jim a job. He would stay on at the Red Wheel as the maintenance man. Dan was getting a new truck so Dad bought his old one and told them both to get a plow so it would be ready for winter. Dad gave the truck to Jim but told him he would keep it in the company's name so he wouldn't have to worry about insurance. I didn't know it at the time but Jim's father was disabled by a tractor accident about five years before and, though his mother worked for an insurance agency, Jim gave all his money to his parents to help them pay the bills. "Your father didn't have to hire him," Dan later told me, "It just goes to show you what kind of a man your dad is."

Things were all starting to fall together. I found a local photographer to get pictures inside and out while Jen went to work on a web page. I offered her money for her efforts but she wouldn't hear of it. "I'm just using your site for practice. Once you get the hang of this software there really isn't that much to it," she told me. I checked out other B&B websites and the work Jen was doing looked as good, if not better, than most of them. 

We were in my office going over the webpages to iron out a few bugs when Jen got a call on her cellphone. She seemed quite surprised at whoever it was and took the call out to the other room while I continued scanning the site. After about ten minutes she came back with a big smile on her face.

"What are you doing on Columbus Day weekend?"

"Most likely I'll be working at the motel. Lenny's closing up after Columbus Day. Why, what's up?"

"That was an old friend of mine from the hospital in Reston. She's having a bachelorette party and wants me to come but I don't want to drive up there alone."

"Where is it?" I inquired.

"Just outside Montreal."

"Montreal!" I shouted. "What's that, about five hours?"

"Most likely six if we stop for lunch and I also want to get some pictures of the foliage when we go through the mountains."

I stared at Jen for a good five seconds before laughing. 

"Believe me. The party alone will make the trip worthwhile," she laughed back. 

"I don't even know who's getting married."

"Half the people there don't know who's getting married. There'll be four male strippers and a room full of horny woman drinking alcohol."

"Oh... Well then..." I said, throwing my arms in the air.

I don't know what got us started but we must have spent five minutes trying to get our composure.

Jen finally took a breath. "C'mon, check and see if you're needed at the motel. We can leave Friday morning, stay over Friday and Saturday night and come home on Sunday."

"Boy, this'll be a first... Okay, let me call Lenny."

Lenny was fine with everything. It was the last weekend the motel would be open so there were no beds to make up, just get the old sheets in the laundry. The only problem I had was it would be Dan's last week at the Red Wheel. He was to report to my Dad in Adams on the Tuesday after the holiday and he would be spending the weekend moving out of his sister's place. 
