 It was during the summer between my sophomore and junior year in college that I realized that I wanted to get out of college as soon as I could. I signed up for 20 hours that fall semester and moved into a dorm room near the library. I didn’t really pay that much attention to my new roommate, Maria, since her schedule was as hectic as mine and our lives did not often cross. I learned in the snatches of conversation that we had that she was a pre-med student and was also taking a hefty class load.

The stress of the extra work began to show on both of us. We did not socialize and spent hours studying without letting off steam. One Friday evening, I snapped. It had been a terrible day marked by a low grade on a test for which I knew the material but was too frazzled to be coherent. I marched to the liquor store across the street from the campus entrance. bought a bottle of Tequila and some corn chips and brought them back to the room. Maria and I began to drink and eat the chips. As we talked we found that we had a lot in common. I had not dated in many months and laughed out loud as I realized that it had been almost a half year since I had had sex. Maria shared my humor but instead of telling me when the last time was that she had had sex, asked me if I had ever kissed another woman. Slightly drunk at this point, I shared my darkest secret – I had kissed two different girls during my high school "party" phase but had never done anything more than that. Well, ok, I had felt one girl’s breast and let her touch mine, but that was it.

She asked me how I liked it, and I said it was good, then blushed. We had another shot of Tequila and she leaned forward and asked, "Do you want to kiss me?" My heart leapt in my throat. Yes. I realized that did want to kiss her. I pressed my lips against hers and kissed – a long, soft, warm lip kiss. She broke off and began to cry. I asked her what was the matter and she sobbed saying that she had wanted to do that since the first day we moved into the dorm together. I was scared at her admission but pulled her close to me anyway. I hugged her and stroked her hair. Her fingers slid under my sweatshirt and her nails began to stroke my tummy. It felt electric. All my fears melted.

We kissed again and I put my hand behind her head at the base of her neck. My fingers stroked her. She had her hair in a pony tail and I traced my fingernails around it as it laid on her back. I kissed her neck and looked down to see two hard nipples thrusting against her tee shirt. Real cagey like, I reached over to the bedstand for my shot glass and "accidentally" rubbed against her nipples, just to see how she’d react. Watching her face as I did so, I saw her bite her lip as my forearm brushed against her. She leaned against my outstretched arm, her eyes closed, rubbing her breasts against me.

I moved my lips to hers and kissed her again. Our tongues met and the fury of passion was upon us both. Her hand went back under my sweatshirt as mine slid under her tee shirt. My fingertips reached up and grazed her hot swollen nipples. They were so wonderful. Her hand cupped my breast and squeezed it just a little. It felt soooo good.

Both of us released one another and reached down to pull off our shirts at the same time. Her breasts were lovely – very round with large nipples high upon her chest. I dipped my finger in some Tequila and rubbed it on the closest nipple. She took my head with both hands and pulled it to her chest. Her nipple slid into my mouth and I sucked & licked the alcohol off. I managed to move my imprisoned head to the other breast and began to tongue it. Her fingers found my nipple and she began to roll it - just the way I would do when I masturbated. (Oh gawd – sometimes I could just cum from doing that alone.)

She let go and laid down on the bed on her back. We both had jogging shorts on but were now naked from the waist up. "Maria" I murmured as I looked at her reclining body. Her legs were spread and my upper thighs were set between them. I was braced up on my arms and the tips of my nipples swept softly over her lips. Her mouth opened and she plucked one into it. As she sucked she began to grind her mound into me – I could fee the moist heat of her pussy against my upper legs.

I had never gone this far with another woman before and she had me craving to make love to her. I pressed one thigh against her, giving her something hard to rub against. Her hands went to her sides and she began to peel down her shorts. Each thrust of hers revealed more. I could see the soft down of her fur, exposed more and more with each gyration. Then I smelled her. That thick, heady, warm pussy smell filled my head.

She hooked a thumb into the waistband on each side of my shorts and began to tug them down. Exposing my hair, then my mound. We couldn’t go any further because the shorts were now in the way. I helped hers off as she lifted her butt off the bed and she helped me remove mine. I returned to the spot between her spread legs, my mound pressed hard against her slit. I felt both her hands clamp onto my ass cheeks and she pulled me hard against her – grinding her pussy against my fur. It felt soooo good.

I started to rock with her. The intensity grew. "Lick it!!" Maria implored and I slid down between her legs, her slit leaving a wet trail on my tummy as I did. I drug my breasts over her then kissed her navel. She reached between her legs with both hands and pulled her enlarged pussy lips apart. The thought struck me as I moved towards her that this was the first time I had ever seen a grown woman’s pussy up close. It smelled heavenly and I realized how anxious I was to taste it.

I poked out my tongue. Since I wasn’t very sure what to do, I thought she wanted me to be like a little cock. So I made my tongue hard and plunged it into her. Oh – the taste was divine – warm thick honey. I started to move my head to mimic a cock thrusting in and out of her and I heard her laugh. "Lick, baby – don’t fuck" she advised and I flattened my tongue, licking upwards, over the entrance of her pussy then up and over her exposed clit. I felt her legs cross and lock behind my head. Not knowing exactly what to do I just kept my tongue out and flat. Her hands released her labia and went to my head. She directed my tongue by moving my head: back and forth, left and right. I was so turned on. I barely heard her hiss "finger… in… ass" but obliged by placing the tip of my finger right on top of her forbidden hole. It didn’t occur to me she wanted it inside her. As she fucked my face, I heard her cry out "stick… it… IN". And I did.

That’s when she came. When I cum it is more like a gentle rain – flooding down, warm and soft. I didn’t know that some women, when really excited, well – they kind of "spurt". My mouth was open my tongue sliding over her slit when all of a sudden a small gush of hot thick cream jetted into my mouth. She was cumming, rocking back and forth on my finger.

While I have to admit that the way she came scared me a little, that quickly passed. The intensity of her orgasm caused something inside of me to snap. I started licking her like nothing else in the world mattered. I lapped at her cunt like a dog licks a hand – my tongue gliding back and forth over her clit and slit – wanting more. As her climax subsided, she began to buck. I kept licking. Finally I heard her yell "Sarah! Stop!" and I did, raising my head to look at her. She flopped back on the bed, howling with laughter barely able to get out that the grin I had on my face at that moment was the goofiest she had ever seen.

I collapsed onto her tummy, laughing. She gave me another shot of Tequila and announced it was my "turn". I downed the liquid, winced as it burned my throat, then lay on the bed on my back. She crawled over to me on all fours, placing her knees on either side of my chest and her head between my thighs. I spread my legs and inwardly grimaced. I am very ticklish and the boys I had dated who had tried to kiss my legs and mound had always made me laugh and try to crawl away from them.

But she was amazing. She placed her warm cheek against my thigh and let me get used to her. She kissed a little, the pressure just right. She licked a little. I found myself enjoying her attention. She pressed my legs apart and my pussy opened up like a flower. She was very slow in her movements, working her mouth up my thigh. I was totally relaxed when her tongue started to explore the thick folds of my labia – sliding it in and out, over and under. I felt the pressure of a finger at the opening of my slit, but it just stayed there – letting me get used to its presence as she excited every corner of my vee. Her tongue moved up and found the thick hood of skin protecting my clit. It battered the sensitive spot softly, pushing it from side to side.

The she did something no one had ever done to me before. She slipped the finger inside of me and pressed it against the roof of my cunt. I felt like I had to pee. "Relax" she said, and I did. She pressed it again and slid her tongue over my clit. S l o w l y. I wanted it fast, but her tongue refused. I whined a little and to quiet me, she lowered her ass a little. I looked up to see her sweet fountain, its scent again filling my senses with desire. 

It moved closer to my face, her finger massaging my g-spot and her tongue lazily rubbing my clit. Then, her warm wet pussy lips touched my nose. My body contracted and I yelled. She dropped her butt completely as I came and smothered my mouth with her pussy. I shot my tongue inside her, greedily licking her juices as I shuddered and shivered with pleasure. I was happy. Maria and I repeated this scene throughout the school year. Ironically, my grades improved despite the new addition to my extra circular activities...