 I walked into the packed classroom and eyed the optimistic faces in my 12p Special Topics in Literature class. 

-o-

"Good Afternoon everyone! This is English 4433 and my name is Mrs. Welsh. This is the last English class you will take before entering the workforce and I will treat you that way. In this class you will..." 

After going over some ground rules, discussing the first assignment, and carefully collecting my Student Information forms I dismissed the class and gathered my materials. 

"Excuse me Ms. Welsh my name is Marleigh Lane. I'm really looking forward to this class." I eyed the hazel-eyed, chocolate colored college senior before me and I couldn't deny the wetness I felt between my legs. 

"Thanks. I look forward to teaching you this semester." I walked out the classroom and hurried to my basement office. As soon as I entered my office I locked the door and grabbed my veiny, brown dildo named 'Muscle' and went to work on my throbbing pussy.

I thrust Muscle deeper into my pussy and rubbed my clit vigourously trying to increase my orgasm. The only thing I could see was Marleigh's thick, juciy lips engulfing my pussy. I could almost feel her thin caramel fingers dipping in and out of my hole, briniging me to the brink of extasy. My walls gripped Muscle and before I could grasp my orgasm a wave of bliss rushed over me. I couldnt believe that the thought of my twenty year-old student made my thirty-five year-old pussy come. Damn I can't wait til Wednesday. 

-o-

Tuesday came and went and before I knew it and I was back in my 12pm class and hoping to see Marleigh's sweet face. It was 2:05 when she bounced down the stairs wearing a fitted t-shirt and sme stretchy leopard print tights. She sat right in the front and locked eyes with me. 

"Um, so can you pass your assignments down and to the left?" I started collecting the assignments when I noticed Marleigh frantically searching 

her bag. I gave last call for the assignment before I put them in my rolebook and started with my lesson. 

"Ms. Welch, can I talk to you about today's assignment?" I looked up and saw Marleigh and another girl waiting to talk with me. 

"Actually I have a meeting right now but you ladies can come to my office around 3p and discuss it then." They agreed and I scurried off to my office to have a meeting with Muscle. I kicked my legs up on the table and pulled my skirt around my waist. I pulled my swollen chocolate colored tits out of my unbuttoned blouse and slowly licked my dark chocolate nipples. I sucked on two of my fingers and dipped them in and out my wet, brown pussy. I released my nipples to grab Muscle. In my haste to get my nut out I forgot to lock the door. 

"Ms. Welsh?" Marleigh stood in front of the now locked door looking shocked and oddly turned on. 

"Oh my goodness, um Marleigh I.." I scrambled to adjust my clothes but Marleigh put a hand on my tit and stopped me. 

"It's okay Ms. Welsh."

"Alison, call me Alison."

"Um, it's okay Alison. I like what I see." She rubbed my exposed tits. I couldn't help but moan as her soft, small hand rubbed up and down my tit, flicking the nipple every time shd changed directions. 

"Marleigh we shouldn't do this." She looked at me with lustful eyes and sucked my earlobe before asking me why not. "Because you're my student and I'm married and most importantly I'm not gay."

"I'm not gay either; I just know my pussy throbs every time I see you and judging by how you were mumbling my name, your pussy throbs for me too."

"I've never done this before. I can't do it here. I.." She stopped my rambling by placing a slow, deep kiss on my lips.

"I don't have a roommate." I considered it, but I couldnt explain being in the student dorms. "And I dont stay on campus." I eyed the five foot five, hazel eyed, busty vixen in front of me and asked, "Can I follow you?"

We made it to her apartment quickly and we almost floated up the stairs. The second we opened the door she started getting naked. She threw off her shirt and her pert young tits bounced around softly. 

"No bra?" She shook her head. 

"I wanted you to see my nipples while you teach." My pussy throbbed and I couldnt wait to get her naked. 

"Take off your clothes now." I quickly followed her instructions and stood before her. I looked at her delicious, fresh body. Her tight, shaved young body called me. I hurriedly removed my skirt and blouse and joined her on the sofa. 

"Taste me." I obeyed her orders and dove down between her legs. I used my fingers to open her pussy lips and stare at her sweet, tight, pink, wet pussy. 

"Mars, you have a beautiful pussy babe." She giggled girlishly and I finally let my tongue graze against her sweet little button. Her body locked up and she let out a slow moan. I picked up the speed and let my tongue swirl around her hole every time I came out of her sweet honey pot. Her hands trapped my head in between her legs and all I could smell was her pussy. 

"Climb on top of me, I wanna taste you too." I climbed on top of her and lowered my pussy on her face. 

She darted her tongue in and out and rubbed my ass. 

"Alison, let me fuck you." I lay on my back and watched Marleigh put a strap on. She walked over to me and put the dick in my face. 

"Suck it Alison." This little bitch was feisty! I wrapped my lips around the dick and slobbed it down. I used one hand to play with her pussy and the other to rub on her ass. She thrust her hips back and forth and moaned as I fingered her pussy. 

"Lay down. I wanna fuck you!" 

"I gotta warn you baby. I'm a squirter." Her smile spread as I did what she told me. She slowly slid the dick into my juicy pussy. I locked my heels around her waist and sucked on her titty while she slowly slid the dick in and out of my pussy. Every time she pushed in a smidge deeper and pushed me closer to extasy. I let my hands roam all over her body. Our moans got louder and her thrusting became quicker and harder. 

"Come for me Alli!" Mars whispered roughly in my ear. 

"Yes ma'am." I matched her rhythm and swirled my hips to our sensual beat. My walls clinched and my legs went limp. Mars pulled the dick out right before a waterfall of juices squirted from my pussy. I opened my eyes to see Mars gargling my juices. She swallowed the majority amd left a little in her mouth for me. I drank my juices and sucked the residuals off the dick. 

"Are you sure this is okay?" Marleigh and I lay on my bed two days after our little rendevous. I rubbed my hand up and down her naked body, paying special attention to her nipples and the light patch of pubic hair on her mound. 

"Yes, Travis will love this." Looking at her naked body next to me, I couldn't wait for my husband any longer. I climbed on top of her and kissed from her lips to her nipples and then down to her pussy lips. I slowly licked her inner thigh and nibbled softly before swirling my tongue around her clit and sucking on it. 

"Sup bae? Who's your friend?"