 My boyfriend, Ryan flew home today. He is going home to pack his belongings and then make his trip from Ohio to my home, here in California. I knew I would miss him the few weeks he was gone, but I had a trip to the Bahamas with my two best friends in the world that I EARNED, to keep me occupied. 

The dynamics between Ryan, my two friends Terra and Cindy and I have all changed in the last few weeks while Ryan visited. Cindy and Terra have not said so, but I can tell they have more than just friendly feelings for Ryan and I suspect it may be so for him as well. I know he still loves me, but I think he has some feelings for them also. That is to be expected, I suppose, when you start having sexual relations with people. I, myself, am not free of guilt either. I once dated Terra and thought we had moved on from that, but that all changed a week ago when she put her head between my legs and made love to my vagina. I also admit I have become infatuated with Cindy. I think this is just one big mess.

Anyways, I want to share with you the few experiences of our cruise to the Isles of Bahama. Terra, Cindy and I boarded the ship, spent an hour finding our room, choosing beds and briefly unpacking. Terra suggested we go check out the boat so we headed upstairs. The view was absolutely amazing. It was if their were a city floating on water. We walked towards the front of the boat when we came upon a ritzy restaurant. Terra suggested we stop for a drink. I knew immediately this was going to be an adventure.

We sat at a table in the corner of the restaurant. We had the All Inclusive Package, so all drinks were free on the ship. Terra immediately ordered us a round of shots. I argued, but lost the argument as usual. Terra is so stubborn and always has to get her way. We spent the afternoon and most the evening drinking and mingling with other guests as they made their way in and out of the restaurant. I only drink on rare occasions, so by time the sun had set, I was wasted. Terra seemed to be getting louder and more rowdy with each drink.

"I have had enough. I am ready for bed." I slurred.

"Are you serious? The fun has just begun. You are such a party pooper Marte." Terra replied.

Cindy laughed at Terra's comment and came to my rescue. "I will take Marte back to the room if you want to stay and party Terra. "

"Are you coming back Cindy?"

"No, I think I will crash also."

Terra rolled her eyes as she huffed and puffed. "Fine! Leave me here alone. That is okay. There is a cute guy across the bar that has been looking at me all night. I think I will go introduce myself. Besides, I need a little dick. I am so horny."

Terra is always horny. I would swear she was a guy if I didn't know better. Anyways, Cindy helped me back to the room. I fell on my bed and had every intention of sleeping in the blouse and jeans I was wearing. I didn't even care that my shoes were still on, I was drunk.

Cindy began taking my shoes off and told me I needed to put my pajamas on. I argued with her and told her I was just fine. Being the great friend she is, she said she would help me. I felt her pull my socks from my feet and unbutton my jeans. My eyes were closed and I was too drunk to be of much help. I felt her begin to pull my jeans off my legs. I tried lifting my hips, but couldn't seem to do that well enough. I began laughing and heard Cindy laugh also. She put her hands under my hips and began pulling my jeans down my hips. Her warm fingers came in contact with the outside of my hips as she wiggled my jeans off my waist. I am not sure why, but I moaned.

Cindy laughed again. She finally removed my jeans and rolled me over so she could remove my bra. I felt the cool air hit my hot skin as she lifted the back of my blouse. I felt my bra unclasp. I felt my bra straps slide off my shoulders and then felt her roll me over onto my back again. I moaned again when Cindy pulled my blouse over my head and touched my breasts as she was removing my bra. 

"You are so cute when you are drunk Marte."

I laughed and then pulled Cindy on top of me. We could not stop laughing. Cindy had my pajamas in her hands. I took them from her and threw them on the floor explaining I was too hot to wear them. 

"Fine, sleep how you are then. I am not responsible for what happens to you when Terra gets back in here though. You know if she sees you in only panties, she will be all over you."

I laughed and said, "I don't care. I will be passed out and she won't even see."

"What?" Cindy asked.

"Nevermind."

I felt the side of the bed sink in as Cindy sat down next to me. She began to softly run her hands through my hair. It was calming and felt so good. I could feel myself drifting off to sleep. Cindy leaned in and kissed my forehead. For whatever reason, she began running her fingers softly over my stomach. Her touch was so soft, yet my hairs began to stand on end. It was like electricity. I was no longer tired, all of the sudden. I took a deep breath and lowly moaned as her fingers danced on my skin. It felt amazing. After what seemed like a few seconds, she removed her hands.

"Oh please don't stop. That felt amazing"

"Okay, but just for a minute or two. I am ready to pass out too."

Her fingers returned to my skin, only this time her hands moved up and down my ribs, around my navel, up and down the outside of my arms and shoulders, then down the center of my chest. I felt my body beginning to respond. The gentle breeze of the air felt great against my skin, but I was beginning to get even hotter. 

"Okay Marte. I am going to bed."

Cindy began to stand up when I grabbed her by the wrist. She fell backwards and landed on top of me. I couldn't help but laugh. She tried to stand back up, but I wouldn't let go of her wrist. I didn't want her to leave my side.

"Stay right here. Don't leave me."

"I am not leaving you. I am only going to my bed a few feet across the room silly." "I don't care. Sssssssssssssstay."

"Let me put my pajamas on then I will lay beside you until you fall asleep."

I let go of her wrists and let her go. I opened my eyes and watched her undress in the light that shined under the cabin door. Her jeans dropped to the floor. I couldn't help but look at her bare legs as she stepped out of her jeans. She then pulled her shirt over her head and removed her bra. My eyes were transfixed on her beautifully tanned skin. The next move was her error in judgment.

Cindy sat down next to me to put her pajamas on. She began pulling her pajama bottoms up her left leg when I wrapped my arm the left side of her waist and pulled her towards me. She fell next to me and laughed. I was not laughing this time. Cindy looked into my eyes and I know she knew.

Cindy leaned in and softly kissed my on the lips. She kicked her pajama bottoms onto the floor and cuddled up next to me. "Is this what you want?"

"Mmmmmnhhmmmmmm" I responded.

I rolled onto my right side and faced her. I put my left arm over her waist and pulled her onto her side so she was facing me. We were lying face to face, her breasts pressed against my breasts. I leaned in and sucked on her bottom lip. I felt her right leg slide over my leg as she pulled my hips to her body. Her hand rested on my butt and began rubbing it. I moaned at the touch of her soft fingers. Her lips surrounded my lips as she kissed me seductively. The alcohol had an intoxicating effect on my body. 

Every sensation seemed intensified. Her fingers were alive with fire as they danced over my body. Her hand slid up my spine sending shivers through my body. I took my left hand and began running it through her brunette hair. I always admired how straight it was and how soft it felt. I heard her moan as I stroked her scalp.

Cindy rolled my over onto my back and began running her fingers all over my body. Her touch was ever so soft. I could feel my chest starting to rise and fall faster as my breathing increased with each passing second. The fingers traveled from my outer ribs and moved their way inward until she began circling my breasts. I could feel how hard my nipples were. I wanted her to pinch them. My moans were increasing. I could feel my pussy begin to get wet.

Cindy leaned in and kissed the nape of my neck as her fingers started dancing over my left breast, then right. The tips of her fingers would brush my pencil-like nipples every few strokes, causing me to arch my chest. I could feel Cindy smiling. I was getting so hot and bothered. She was making me feel wonderful.

Her fingers moved down to my mound and circled my smooth skin. I knew my skin was filled with sweat. Her fingers circled just above my clitoris for what seemed like forever. I reached down and grabbed her hand and placed it on top of my pussy and pressed down lightly. She knew just what I wanted.

I am not an aggressor by any means so I am surprised by my boldness that night. I guess alcohol can have that effect on you. Cindy teased me about it the next morning. I could only blush.

So anyways, her fingers circled my outer lips, causing me to moan louder. I heard someone pound on the wall next to us. I didn't care. They could enjoy the sound of two women enjoying themselves. At this point, I was lusting for Cindy. I was begging for her fingers inside me. I pulled Cindy's face to mine and I began to give her sloppy kisses. 

I gasp and let out a squeak when her a finger slowly slid inside me. I felt my knees jump off the bed as I spread myself open for her. I felt her warm finger slide deep inside me and cause me to cream. Cindy moaned in my ear as she began to withdraw her finger. She shocked me when she put her finger to her lips and licked my cream off her finger. I smiled as she looked me into the eyes. I could see the lust in her eyes also. I grabbed her hand and pushed it to my crotch once again. 

This time she slid two fingers inside my awaiting vagina. My hips began dancing with her fingers as they slid in and out of me. I don't know when I did so, but I remember feeling myself begin to roll around my own swollen clit as she fingered me.

My body was writhing as she continued to manipulate my insides. My fingers pressing roughly against my clitoris. Waves of love flowed through me as my juices gushed.

"I am going to come. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Yessssssssss. Please don't stop. Ohhhhhhhhhhh"

Cindy thrust her fingers in and out of me as fast as she could. My hips thrust all over the bed. I am not sure how she hung on. I almost blacked out when the orgasm took over my body. Cindy just held me close until I stopped gasping for air. In this moment, I knew how Terra felt because I was still horny and full of lust.

I rolled on top of Cindy and began sucking on her nipples. My hands were all over her hair. I heard her moan. I wanted her to enjoy the joys she had just given me. I licked the salty sweat off her nipples as I devoured them. I loved the scent and the taste of her body. I loved the smoothness of her skin. I enjoyed the softness of her flesh. 

I lifted my head and ran my hands down her jaw line and moved to her breasts. I began massaging them as I ground my hips against hers. Cindy's expressions made me so horny as she ooooed and awwwed. I then slid my body to the end of the bed and spread her legs. I had to taste her.

I traced my tongue along her outer labia. I drank in the erotic smell of her aroma. I tasted her sweet nectar. She moaned. Rolling my tongue along her opening, I felt her hips twitch. I was smiling inside. My hands grasp her hips and I pulled her close to me as I slithered my tongue inside her. I could feel the heat radiating from her skin. 

She begged me for more, so I slid my right index finger inside her and began pushing it in and out of her. My lips wrapped around her protruding clitoris and started sucking on it. Her hips began thrusting towards my face. I held on to her hips, wrapping my left hand around her inner thigh. Her inner muscles were gripping my finger as I slid it in and out of her. I could tell she was getting close. I slid my tongue between the folds of her clitoris and thrashed it back and forth while sliding another finger inside her. She released a long moan. 

"Ohhhh yes. Give it to me. Ohhhhhhhhh. I am so close. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

I wanted to give her my everything so I continued pushing my fingers deep inside her lubricated pussy. Her hips bucked and I did my best to keep my tongue on her clitoris. I held her tight as her hips shot straight up. I sucked her clit inside my mouth and surrounded it with my lips, sending her into an intense orgasm. Her juices gushed and her inner muscles spasmed against my fingers. I withdrew my fingers and licked her pussy. I took in all her juices.

Cindy pulled me up next to her. I cuddled up to her. She kissed my lips and held me tight. I pulled the covers up over our bodies and fell asleep against her body. 

The next thing I heard was the closing of the cabin door. I opened my eyes to see the bright sunlight invading my eyes. Terra moved across the room saying, "That man was awesome." She collapsed on the bed next to us. I tried to block out the pounding in my head and fell back asleep.