 This story is the 5th part of an ongoing story about Marte and her journey through exploration of herself and her sexuality. While reading the prior versions would help in the understanding of her journey, this story can be read and enjoyed on its own. All comments welcomed.



Marte received her first challenge in years. Excited, yet nervous at the same time, she logged off the computer and turned off the screen. As instructed, she picked up her phone and called her best friend, Terra.

 "Hey, how are you doing?"

 Terra replied, "Great. How are you?"

 With anxiety in her voice, Marte replied, "I am good. Listen, I have received another challenge. Are you busy tonight?"

 Terra smiled so big she was sure Terra could see it through the phone. "Oh my God. After all these years. I have been wondering if you would ever take the next step. I cannot wait to hear what this one is. I am available tonight!"

 Marte exhaled before continuing, "I am going to need you to call Cindy and get her to come along as well. Both of you should pack a day of clothing. And bring some fun toys with you as well."

 "Oh this will be a fantastic night! I missed doing these challenges. I will call Cindy and we will be over soon."

 Marte could feel her insides twisting as she hung up the phone. She never regretted a challenge she had taken before but she knew they always pushed the limits of her conservative thinking. It had been so long since she had been sexually active. While she enjoyed the intimate bonding she formed with her two best friends over five years ago, their friendship had grown past sexuality in the recent years. 

 Marte yearned to have a lasting relationship with her man and to finally seal the deal with him. She had just finished talking to him online, as he lived states away. This was the last challenge he requested of her before he moved in with her. She pushed her chair away from the table and stood. She pulled off her robe as she headed for the bedroom. She could hear the joyful songs of the birds in the trees as she turned on the shower in her master bathroom.

 Marte stepped into the shower and softly ran her fingers down over her small mounds she called breasts and down her slim body as the hot water ran down her body. She felt her senses jump to life as her hairs stood on her body. She lathered her body and grabbed her razor. She shaved her legs and shaved her pussy smooth as requested.

 Waiting for her friends to arrive, Marte dried her body and covered her naked body with her robe once again. She grabbed a muffin from the kitchen counter and took a walk to the back porch. She tried to calm her anxiety by sitting in her reclined chair as she looked out a the forest of trees and listened to the songs of the birds as the overhead sun shone on her light skin.

 She began to doze off when she heard the front door close and footsteps walk across the wooden floor of her living room. Her brain went into overdrive as she knew her life was to be forever changed once again.

 Terra was the first to open the screen door and step out onto the porch, followed shortly by Cindy. Marte smiled. "It is great to see both of you. Terra I know I tell you this every time I see you, but I love how your streak black hair shines in the sunlight. You are so gorgeous. And Cindy, wow you have been working out. You look stunning."

 Both girls thanked her before Terra spoke up. She was not known for her patience or coyness. "So what is the challenge Marte? I am so excited. My panties are soaking wet already."

 Cindy smacked Terra on the arm, "Stop it. You are so bad."

 Marte could feel her face turning bright red as she blushed. Ryan said the details of the challenge would be emailed to you Marte. He would not give me all the details, as usual. He did promise me that if I completed this challenge, then he would finally move here though. It has been so long since I have done any of these challenges. I am so scared, but I know it will be worth it."

 Terra replied, "Don't worry Marte. Whatever the challenge is, you will be in good hands I am sure." Terra began to laugh.

 Cindy once again smacked her on the arm. "You are so bad Terra. I sometimes wonder why she keeps you as a friend."

 "Because she loves me, that's why", Terra replied as her phone chimed. "And here is the email. Cindy let's see what the challenge is."

 Marte sat for what seemed like forever as her best friends read the email. Her stomach was knotting up again. She could feel her body beginning to sweat. She looked up at Terra to see the widest grin she had seen in a long time.

 "Marte this one is going to be the best yet. I hope you got some sleep last night. Let's head to your bedroom."

 The three of them headed to Marte's bedroom. Terra gave Marte the first set of instructions. "You are to removed your robe and lie down on the center of the bed. I will pull the covers back for you."

 Marte hesitantly removed her robe. It had been a long time since her friends had seen her naked. Even worse, they were fully clothed. Her robe hit the floor and she quickly climbed onto the bed lying on her back. She kept her legs closed, though she knew they wouldn't stay that way for long. She closed her eyes as she felt her nipples grow rock hard as the cool air hit them.

 "We have been instructed to blindfold you" Cindy stated as she lifted Marte's head and placed a black cloth over her friend's eyes."

 Marte heard a shuffling on the other side of the room and then a bag being unzipped. Unable to see the movements around her drove her half crazy. "What are you two going to do to me?", she inquired.

 Terra giggled and as she said, "You know we can't tell you, but lie there and enjoy this rollercoaster ride."

 "What do you mean rollercoaster ride Terra?"

 She heard the two girls laugh, but received no reply in return.

 "Put your hands out to the side Marte. I have been instructed to bind them." Cindy stated with a soft voice.

 Marte reluctantly moved her arms realizing that she was giving up total control of her body to them. She knew the devious mind of Terra and that made her just a little afraid. She knew Cindy was the sensible of the two and that comforted her a little. She knew that was why Cindy had was involved as well. Marte was lost in her thoughts of previous challenges and how soft her friend's bodies felt as she jumped. Her body felt a soft warmth overcome her body starting at the top of her chest and moving down her body at an agonizingly slow pace. It started on just the right side where her hand had just been bound. She could feel her body coming alive as a hand slowly moved over her breast and down the right side of her stomach, inching towards the outside of her legs.

 Marte took a deep breath. Her left hand was now being bound by Cindy as Terra continued to slowly run her fingers back up the middle of Marte's right leg and up the middle of her stomach heading towards her right breast. Marte felt her legs slowly relax. Just then she felt a second hand against her skin. This one lightly touching the left side of her body. It was softer and not as aggressive as the first hand. She knew this hand must be Cindy. The hands continued to travel up and down her body for what seemed like an eternity. She could feel her body relaxing and giving up control. At the same time she could feel her insides heating up. She knew she was moist between her legs.

 Marte was in the stage just before sleep, yet still awake when she heard a movement at the far end of the room. Her head stiffened as she listened intently. She heard what sounded like a chair scoot across the wooden floor. Her breathing moved from a relaxed state to a quicker breathing. She felt the bed move around her as someone appeared to climb on the bed. 

The hands had stopped massaging her body. She could hear her breathing as well as her two friends increase. She felt a heavy pressure against her hips and realized someone had straddled her body. She took a deep breath not knowing what was about to happen, but knowing things were about to intensify. As the body slowly moved a few inches up her body, she realized there was a stickiness of her body and the other body, meaning whoever was on her had no clothes on either.

 Two hand began slowly massaging her breast as she felt two hands on her ankles. She felt her legs begin to widen and she felt the urge to resist, she knew it would do no good however. Shots of warmth ran to her breasts as she felt the hands aggressively knead her. She knew they must be the hands of Terra. She let out a soft moan as her long, hard nipples began to be tugged on. She heard the sound of Velcro being pulled apart and felt her something being wrapped around her right ankle then her left. 

Marte could feel a growing warmth build in her lower stomach as she felt her pussy begin to sop. It had been so long since someone else had touched her body. Sure she played often but this was so much more than that.

 Cindy finished tying Marte's ankles to the bedposts and reached into the bag of goodies. She found a light blue vibrator and grabbed it thinking this would be a good start. Marte heard a buzzing noise and tensed her legs knowing what too well what that sound was. It was all too familiar to her. She felt a vibration start at her left ankle and inch its way toward her groin. She felt self-conscious knowing Cindy would set how excited she was becoming. 

The soft vibrations brought the nerves in her legs to life. She was now being teased from top to bottom. She felt the body on top of her shift as the hands moved from her chest and appeared to land on each side of her face. She felt warm lips be placed upon her own lips as Terra began to slowly kiss her. Short pecks at first as the vibrator now moved over the top of her mound and slowly began moving down the right side of her legs. 

The kisses began to get longer and harder. Marte felt her lips instinctively start kissing back. She missed the touch of hands on her breasts and nipples but loved the passion of the kisses. 

 For the first time in awhile she heard a voice. Cindy softly said, "It is time to test your boundaries Marte. You have stated that you had wondered what it would be like to be taken submissively. You stated that it scared you to death to give up control of your body to someone else. Let's see how well you do. Tonight you will not only give up control to others, but you will also experience things you never have before. If it gets to be too much for you simply tell us to stop. Remember, however, that you must complete the challenge in order to get what you ultimately want."

 Marte felt Terra's tongue slither between her lips. She loved the way Terra kissed her. It electrified her entire body. Terra felt the vibrator move back up the inside of her groin and stop just an inch from her swollen clit. She felt her hips try to rise, but Terra's weight prevented her from doing so. The vibrations softly spread across her mound. Her clit was feeling the residual vibrations and she knew she wanted more. Just as she was beginning to get into the madness of the kisses, the lips pulled away. She heard herself let out a short "No."

 Her body was beginning to betray her. She didn't mean to say that. She meant it but she didn't want to say it. Terra smiled knowing how much Marte was enjoying this. Terra herself could not help but enjoy this. How could she not enjoy touching the gorgeous skin of a beautiful woman, feeling the softness only a female body possesses. Terra could feel her own pussy burn with desire. 

 Cindy slowly moved the vibrator down a few inches and let it softly rest on Marte's clit. She heard her gasp as the vibrator attacked her yearning clit. She saw how wonderfully Marte's parting lips glistened in the faint daylight. Terra slowly slid her body up Marte's stomach leaving a wet trail behind like that of a snail.

 Marte took a deep breath and held it in wondering what Terra was up to next as she felt the soft vibrations manipulate her clit. Her body was moving into overdrive. She could feel a burn beginning to grow stronger in her stomach and move towards her wanting pussy.

 "OH MY GOD!", Marte exclaimed as she felt warm, moist lips placing soft momentary kisses upon her outer labia. She could smell the strong odor of women juices inching closer. She felt Terra run her inner groins over her own breasts and continue to climb towards her face. Marte raised her hips as the vibrator moved away from her clit. Her clit screamed for more. Her outer labia were being teased with soft kisses as she felt warmth against her mouth. She knew just what it was and what was wanted of her. She let her tongue slither out her mouth as she tasted the sweet nectar of her best friend. She let her tongue blindly separate Terra's pussy lips and heard Terra release a moan. 

Marte was so turned on by the taste of her Terra's juices now running over her lips. She felt the kisses stop and moaned inside Terra as she felt Cindy begin to softly run her tongue over the bottom of her outer labia. She couldn't concentrate anymore. The tongue ran up her right outer labia, circle her clit softly and move back down her left outer labia. Her hips raised with excitement. She could feel herself getting close as the hot tongue and even hotter breath moved in circles around her pussy. 

 Marte heard Terra moan a long sigh as Marte mimicked the actions being performed on her own lips. Marte could feel her hips rising and falling as the tongue began moving inside her with more swiftness. Marte could feel Terra grinding her pussy against her lips. Marte tried to imagine what Terra looked like as she road her face. She imagined Terra's breasts swaying forward and then hitting her chest. 

 Cindy slowly slid the vibrator inside Marte's spread pussy lips as she began to attack Marte's clit with her lips. Cindy wrapped her lips around Marte's clit and began sucking on it as she slid the vibrator in and out of Marte's yearning pussy.

Terra was in Heaven as she felt Marte's tongue deep inside her. She rocked her hips back and forth desperately wanting to cumm. Marte's gasp as Cindy's warm mouth manipulated her pulsing clit. "I can't last much longer" Marte exclaimed. She could feel an explosing building deep inside her gut and raging towards her pussy. Just when she was about to explode she felt the vibrator and Cindy's lips remove from her body.

 "No! Don't stop. PLEASE DONT STOP!!", Marte begged.

 "I am sorry, but you have to give up control Marte." Cindy explained with sympathy.

 "Eat me Marte. Make me cumm!" Terra explained as Marte's tongue thrashed her burning clit. Marte yearned to orgasm as her body betrayed her, yet she was now able to focus on Terra's body. Marte felt her breathing match Terra's only she knew Terra was going to get a release. 

Marte felt Terra's hands grab her hair and cup her ears as she circled her hips applying as much pressure as possible against Marte's tongue. Marte could feel her tongue getting tires, she sucked Terra's hard clit into her mouth and heard Terra scream as her pussy gushed juices all over Marte's face. Marte felt the warmth of the juices flow down her face. She felt Terra's body lock up. Marte wishing it was her own body releasing its tenseness. 

 Marte felt Terra climb off her. Terra deeply kissed Marte and then thanked her. Marte could still smell the strong odor of Terra all around her nose. Marte began to grin as she heard Terra say, "It's your turn". Marte was finally going to get a release. She heard Terra ask, "Lips and fingers or vibrator?" Marte went to answer when she heard Cindy reply first, "Lips and fingers. Oh yeah."

 Marte felt her body slump down all at once, realizing Terra was not talking to her. Marte felt movement on the bed and she felt someone lying down beside her, knowing it was Cindy. Marte felt fingers briefly tease her clit and nipples, keeping her on the edge, only go withdrawal again. 

 Marte heard Cindy moan, knowing that Terra was now pleasuring her friend. Marte hated that she was not being touched and her friend was instead, but even worse was that she couldn't even see what was happening. She could only listen. She could tell Cindy was only inches from her. She could feel Cindy shudder next to her. 

Marte felt hands on her face nudging her to turn her head to the side. She felt Cindy's lips against her own. Cindy began to passionately kiss Marte, gasping with short, deep breathes in between kisses.

 "Oh yes! That feels so good." Cindy exclaimed.

 "You taste so damn good!" Marte heard Terra reply. Marte growled in displeasure.

 Marte could feel the warmth of Cindy's lips keeping her riled up and the thought of Terra's lips and fingers skillfully manipulating Cindy was driving Marte crazy. Marte raised her hips as she felt Cindy's hips bouncing on the bed just inches from her. She could tell Cindy too was about to get an orgasm and none for her. She could hear the squishing sound of Cindy's pussy as Terra fingered her. 

Cindy's breathing was getting shorter and faster, her moans getting stronger and longer. Marte felt Cindy's hand clasp her breast as Cindy let out a long moan and tensed up shuddering. Marte was spiteful of her friend getting hers and Marte left in an agonizing want.

End of part 1