 It was a Friday night, and instead of being out with the love of my life, I was sitting alone, at some bar, drowning my sorrows in tequila. We'd had a fight. He wants to get married, have kids, buy a house in the middle of nowhere and I wasn't ready for that. I was 25. I had plenty of time for that later. Right now, I just wanted to have fun. 

So, alone at the bar I sit. It wasn't long before guy after guy took their chances. They all failed of course. I wanted nothing to do with men right now. I just wanted to throw back shots and stagger home. After the 5th guy had failed miserably, using the stupid pick line about a mirror and seeing himself in my pants, I was about to leave. A woman took his place though, looking like she was in the same boat as I was. 

"Hi," she said. "My name's Mary." 

"Maria," I replied.

"Tequila? Let me guess, men troubles?" she asked

"Yeah, I just want to drown my sorrows and move on."

"Well that's no fun! Perk up, there are plenty of guys here, pick one, get drunk and go have a good time," she smiled. 

"I'm not really a fan of men right now." I replied.

"Really? Are you a fan of women?" she asked.

I laughed. "No. They're not my type."

"Hmm. Well then, why don't you and I have some fun with them? We'll have a few drinks then make the guys jealous on the dance floor."

That was the best idea I have heard all night. After 4 shots of tequila though, I was feeling pretty darn good. Switching to margaritas, Mary and I sat and talked for a while. She just moved here from New Jersey and was so in love with everything NYC. She didn't have a boyfriend, but didn't want one either. We both came from large families, though while I was the oldest of mine, she was youngest of hers. I picked on her about being the baby for a while, remembering all too well how my parents treated my youngest sibling.

We soon found ourselves on the dance floor, grinding to the beat. A few men tried to join us, but Mary just laughed at them. You would think that guys would take a hint and just stop trying but they never did. Mary was a slim blonde with legs that went on forever. Her breasts were on the smaller side, but she knew how to use them to her advantage, wearing a corset looking top that kept them up and out. As for me, I was part Hispanic. I had the darker coloring of my mother and her curves, but the bright blue eyes of my father. Seeing the two of us together on the dance floor had to be every man's wet dream. Light and dark mixed together, add in a man and he'd have a great threesome story for his friends. 

I was just going to tell Mary that I needed a break when it happened. We were pressed so close together that I didn't even see it coming when she brought her mouth to mine. At first I was shocked. Sure, I'd kissed girls before, so it wasn't such a big deal, but the shocking part was her tongue in my mouth. Drunk enough not to really care, I kissed her back. Our tongues intertwining, exploring each other's mouth. I pulled away however, when she grabbed my breast. 

"Whoa" I said. "What are you doing?"

"Making everyone here jealous and having a good time," she answered.

She made it sound so reasonable, and we were having such a good time that when she started kissing and grouping me again, I just went for it. I put my hands on her waist, not sure what I was supposed to do. I guess I just closed my eyes and held on tight. 

It wasn't much different than kissing my boyfriend. Yes her lips were much softer, but my reaction was just the same. I was getting turned on. When Mary started pulling me towards the door, I went with her. 

"Where are we going?" I asked her. 

"You'll see," she said. 

I couldn't get over how beautiful she was as she led me out of the club and into a taxi. We were making out by then, her hands roaming my body, mine in her hair, keeping our lips pressed together. It wasn't until we made it back to her apartment that it finally clicked in my head. It was too late to stop, too late to go back; as she unzipped my dress and let it fall to the floor. 

Her lips still on mine, she pushed me back towards her bed. I sat down and she backed away. She was enticing, swishing her hips from side to side as she walked away from me. Mary turned on some music that was soft, slow, and sensual. As she walked back to me, she slowly undid every clasp of her top, letting it fall to floor and giving me a view of her small breasts. They were round, perky and absolutely perfect. Then she went to the button of her skin tight jeans, undoing them, she slowly shimmied out of jeans revealing a red lace thong. She was back to kissing me, reaching around to unhook my bra. When it was free, she pushed me back on the bed, and took a nipple into her mouth. My moan was an encouragement for her to continue. She sucked and kneaded my breasts, in between laying gentle kisses on my neck, stomach and lips. 

I felt her hand start to move lower and I tensed. She stopped and brought all her attention back to my breasts. When she felt me start to relax, she tried again and I let her. Mary's hand danced along my thighs, pushing them open so she could rub me through my panties. These few small acts brought me more pleasure than I have ever felt, with any man. She paid attention to the responses I was giving her and listened to what my body was saying. Kissing down my stomach, she positioned herself between my legs. She hooked her fingers over my panties and started to pull. I obliged and lifted my hips so she could pull them off. She then started at my toes, kissing each in turn, making her way up over the top of foot, to my ankle, my calve, my knee and then very slow she licked a warm, wet line up my thigh. When she reached the most sensitive part of me, she let out a breath of warm air. I shivered, waiting for her to continue, but she moved lower and started the same process on my other leg, again leaving a warm, wet trail up my thigh. I felt her tongue flick out, but barely brushing my clit. Then it was like all hell broke loose. Her tongue worked feverously; up, down, swirling. I wrapped my legs around her, using them to pull her closer. She ate at me with a hunger I have never felt before. She had one hand under me, cupping my ass and used her other hand to slip a finger inside me. I bucked my hips in response and her finger started moving faster. In and out, then two fingers slid in. Finding that soft spot wasn't hard for Mary and she used her fingers to press on it, caressing it, all the while her tongue was working on my clit. I was cumming in seconds, but she didn't stop and wave after wave, orgasm after orgasm wracked my body. When she finally stopped her assault, she peered up at me with a devilish smile. 

"It's my turn." 

I was lying there, trying to catch my breath when Mary said it was her turn. What did she mean her turn? Surely she realizes that I had never been with a woman before this night? She did realize that right? She must of saw the fear in the my eyes because she smiled kindly. 

"It's not the end of the world, you know. I get that you haven't been with a woman before, but there is a first time for everything and I'll make it easy for you," Mary said.

I nodded my head in agreement, not sure what else I could do.

"Close your eyes," she asked.

I complied, but tensions started to sing throughout my body. I wasn't sure what to expect next. I left her skin on one arm and then the other and when I opened my eyes, I realized that she was straddling my face, using her legs to pin my arms at my sides. Her pussy was a few inches from my mouth. What the heck am I doing here! For the first time tonight, the alcohol wasn't dulling my ability to think. It was my decision to move forward and I couldn't blame it on anything but me.

I let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding and it made Mary moan. My eyes shot up to her face. Her eyes were closed, patiently waiting for me to make my choice. 

Tentatively, I slid my tongue along her opening and stopped. Watching her face I did it again, then a third time. She smiled then and I realized that this was interesting for lack of a better word. I moved a bit so that I could reach her clit and slowly played with it. I took my time, getting used to the feeling, the taste, the smell. Learning just where she liked my tongue and how she liked it to be used. She was moaning loudly above me, pressing her pussy closer. I felt her start to shudder and a wash of warm liquid ran over my face as I continued you licking at her clit. Mary grabbed the head board for support as another orgasm took her. She fell off me then, panting, and glistening with sweat.

"Are you sure you've never done that before," she teased.

"Positive" I giggled. No, that was most definitely a first for me and I can say that once I let myself, I enjoyed every second of everything that happened that night. 

Mary curled up next me and traced circles along my skin. 

"I hope you'll stay the rest of the night. It's late and I'd feel bad if you left."

I thought about it for a few moments. It was late, and I didn't exactly want to go home especially smelling of a woman and sex. I told her I'd stay and it wasn't long before I fell asleep with Mary's arm draped across me.