 Disclaimer: All characters in this fictional story are 18 years or older. This is the first of these stories.

*

I stood in the produce aisle checking out the fresh fruit when she walked up next to me. She was a vision of beauty, with long, flowing, blonde hair. She wore a skin-tight pair of designer jeans, a frilly laced blouse, and black high heels. I looked at her breasts, which were pronounced and I would guess to be about 36c's. I love women, and she made my mouth water. I noticed a wedding ring on her finger.

I wanted her. I could be considered a lesbian, although I enjoy giving oral to a woman more than receiving it. I love to make a sweet thing moan and beg for me to get her off. And I've been doing it long enough now that I have never had any complaints. I'm really not into falling in love, but prefer discreet encounters. 

So I stood there, feeling the cantaloupes for freshness, as I could smell her wonderful perfume. She moved closer to me, reaching for a cantaloupe as well.

She said, "I saw you checking them out. Are they fresh and worth buying? My husband is very picky, he's hard to please."

"Well, they seem ripe, nice and pulpy. I found one here that really feels ripe, here, take it," I said while looking into those beautiful blue eyes of hers.

"Are you sure? You seem to know your fruit."

I grinned at her saying, "Two things I know, produce and women. Now, I can't say I'm a professional when it comes to groceries, but I get by. You are so nice, take this one."

"Well thank you. My name is Mary Ann. I wish my bastard of a husband was as nice to me as you are. What did you mean by your comment that you know women?

"I am a lesbian, and there is nothing like a sexy woman. And you are the most beautiful thing I saw all day," I told her.

She was quiet for a moment, and then she whispered, "I have never been with a woman. I would imagine it would be much better than with the asshole I live with. Two minutes and he's finished. I am very flattered, although I've never been with a woman in my life."

She put the cantaloupe in her cart, as we began to walk through the shopping center checking out and picking up different items. She would ask me what I thought for each purchase, as our conversation easily flowed. She told me she was 32, and had been married for ten, long years. She had no kids, because he had a low sperm count. She never got out much, but lately has been longing for adventure. His work kept him away, and they seldom went out anymore. She worked at home, helping out a lawyer research information for his clients on the internet. 

Then she asked me, "So, have you always been a lesbian? Tell me about yourself."

"Yeah, I dated a few men after I graduated high school, but they never turned me on. Maybe after we are done shopping, we can go get a cup of coffee, there is a coffee shop next door," I said in hoping to lure her in for my pleasure.

"Well, that does sound good. I didn't have any plans. Plus, we can talk without the interruptions of noisy shoppers and bratty kids."

While standing in the checkout line, I told her my name was Sherry, and I was 25. I lived on the other side of town by myself. She smiled at me often, which turned me on even more. I wanted so badly to be between her legs, that I was careful to try not to scare her off by coming on to her and being pushy.

Soon, we found ourselves in the shop, after putting our groceries in our cars, each now with a cup of coffee and danish. When she sat down, I saw her ass closely for the first time, making my mouth water. Her jeans were so tight, her pantylines showed through the denim material.

She asked me, "So Sherry, this is kind of personal, do you love licking pussy? My husband hates doing that. I used to get that from an old boyfriend, and I kind of miss it. You don't have to tell me, if you don't want to."

"Yeah, it's my favorite thing. I love pleasing someone I'm with. I have a wicked tongue, and making her squirm and beg me to drive her insane turns me on. I can have an orgasm without touching myself, by just hearing her moans and tasting her juices."

"Shit, you make it sound so sweet. Like I said, it's been so long," she told me with a tear forming in her eye.

I asked, "I know you told me you have never been with a woman, but have you ever thought about it?"

"I have had fantasies. Sometimes I see someone, and wish they could lick my pussy. Or even my ultimate fantasy."

Now my ears perked up as I begged to know, "Your ultimate fantasy?"

"Well, I have read books and I would love to be rimmed. I seem to really get turned on when I am alone and think about a man doing that. But right now, it wouldn't matter to me if a woman wanted to, either," she told me while blushing deep red.

"I love licking a sexy ass. I am very oral. I love to tease her nipples and kiss her body. Anything to drive her over the edge."

She whimpered, "Oh god, Sherry. You are turning me on. My panties are damp."

I acted boldly and reached over to her lap, and ran my finger through the cameltoe in her jeans. I could feel the dampness, soaking right through her panties and into the denim. I had her right where I wanted her.

"I can tell you are worked up. Would you like to experience the ultimate pleasure, Mary Ann?"

"You would do that for me? Heck Sherry, I only have about an hour. I have to get home soon, my boss will be calling for a tele-conference. But your offer is very tempting," she said disappointingly.

I knew I had to have her, but wished we had more time. But, I had an idea.

"Are you adventurous, Mary Ann? I know a quiet place off a back road not far from here. I would give you such pleasure, that you would be in another world the rest of the day."

She sheepishly blushed again, and said, "I don't have the nerve to do another woman. I wouldn't want to disappoint you."

"Oh, don't worry, Mary Ann. I get more pleasure giving than receiving. Time is a wasting, I very much want to give you that fantasy," I said as I stared into her eyes.

"Oh hell, I am so hot, I need it. You lead the way, Sherry."

We soon went to our cars, and I drove to a nearby backroad, which I knew well. She followed close behind me, as we soon came to a wooded area. I pulled off into a small clearing in the woods, which would be hard to see if anyone drove by. I had been here before, having done previously with others of which I now planned to do to Mary Ann. I squeezed my legs together, my pussy soaked as I anticipated the next few moments.

She pulled next to me, and soon got out of her car to join me. As we met, I wasn't sure if she'd be offended if I kissed her, but instead I just leaned in a kissed her cheek.

She whispered, "I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Thanks for allowing me the pleasure. We don't have much time, are you ready?"

"Yes," was all she said excitedly.

I walked behind her, and put my arms around her, kissing her neck. My hands finally found those wonderful breasts, as my fingers teased her growing nipples. She was wearing a bra, but I figured it to be quite flimsy. Her nubs were pronounced as my fingers teased then to extreme hardness. 

Then I reached down, and began working her blouse up her body, while she raised her arms. Her moans were pleasant to my ears as I lifted it over her head and off her body. We were standing in front of her freshly washed car, as I discarded the blouse. My hands once again teased now down her sides, as I kissed and nibbled her shoulder.

"Oh shit, you are driving me crazy. I can't wait to feel them lips down there," she begged while looking down.

I soon reached to her pants button, opening her jeans. I licked my way down her back, as my fingers opened her zipper. She pushed back against me as I soon kissed the small of her back. I shimmied those tight jeans off of her hips, anticipating my first upclose look at her sweet ass.

She kicked off her heels, then lifted first one, then the other leg as I removed her jeans. She now stood before me, wearing just her matching set of bra and panties. I gazed upon her lovely asscheeks, glistening in the sun. I began licking back up her body, as I reached for the clasp of her bra.

She groaned, "I still can't believe this. It seems so erotic to be doing this out here like this, nature all around. It's better than any fantasy I ever had!"

I knew our time was limited, so I quickly unclasped her bra, and brought it off of her. I then turned her around, and was presented by the most perfect set of tits I ever saw. Her nipples were quite dark and half-dollar sized. My mouth watered, as I leaned my face closer to those beauties.

When my mouth circled her left nipple, she moaned, "Ahhhh Sherry. My bastard husband never took the time to suck it like you do."

Then her hands cradled my head, guiding me on my journey. My tongue and lips teased the slopes of her breasts, then suckled and nibbled each nub tenderly. But, again I knew our time was limited, and it was time to make her fantasy come true. She was on the very edge of an orgasm, and I wanted to taste it.

"Are you ready? It's time for the main course, Mary Ann."

She just nodded as I knelt down once again, and worked her wet panties off. She was so wet the crotch stuck between her lower lips. But with some skill, I managed to have them off quickly, as I bent her forward over the hood of her car. She stretched her arms out in front of her, preparing for the pleasure she knew was coming. Her legs parted wide, opening up to a wonderful view to behold.

I gazed at that hot ass, begging to be nurtured and loved. She looked over her shoulder at me, anticipating what was about to happen to her. I leant forward, kissing her sweet butt. She groaned and murmered as I began to nibble and lick all across the slopes of her beautiful ass. Then I reached up, and spread her asscheeks, staring at the sexiest anus I ever had the pleasure of servicing.

I slid my tongue out, and touched the tip to the rim. She tried to clench her ass, but my hands held it wide open. My tongue slid in tiny circles, all around the sweetness. It had a musky, womanly scent, and I could feel my orgasm overtake me. I then stabbed my tongue inside of her, and she trembled.

"Oh god, I'm cumming. Ahhhh," she uttered in ecstasy.

I quickly pulled out of her ass, and slithered my tongue between her protruding pussylips. She came with an urgency, my tongue catching the flow as she pushed her sweet ass hard against my face. She mumbled under her breath, as I lapped at her nectar. She finally shuddered to an end, and I once again slid my tongue back between her legs and right into her ass.

"Do it again. I can't believe how wonderful it feels with your tongue up my ass. I want to cum again," she yelled out loudly.

I heard tree branches rustling and wings fluttering as she must have awakened the wildlife nearby. I began to fuck my tongue in and out of her anal ring, as she assisted in making sure it wouldn't slip out with her urgent pressing back at my face. This time I figured it would take her longer to cum, so now was the time to stick my tongue into her pussy.

I guided her around, and she laid back on the hood of her car. I figured it was just waxed, making it very slippery. I reached up to hold her legs wide open, and watched as her pussylips parted, begging to be licked.

She gasped out, "Eat me, Sherry. Oh god, eat me!"

I wasn't there to disappoint. I kissed her vulva, as if I was kissing the lips on her face. Then, of course I french-kissed it. My tongue worked inside of her, slurping up the oozing juices as she squirmed on the slippery car. Her cute ass made squeaky noises from the flowing cum sticking to her asscheeks. I then centered my tongue and lips, on her protruding clit. Like her nipples, it was well pronounced, and begging to be licked and sucked.

She was now cursing under her breath, as my tongue wrapped around her clit. I was still holding her thighs open, as I knew if I hadn't, she would have slipped right off of the car and onto me. I nibbled and made love to that clit, finally bringing her to a climactic end. 

"Shit! Harder, Sherry! Harder!"

It was one, continuous orgasm for myself as I finally brought her over the top to hers. She violently shook, and then my face and lips were inundated with her creamy cum. I slurped, and I mean I could hear the sound of my tongue lapping up her wetness. She seemed to cum forever, but it was actually only a short time. I made sure to taste every drop, which brought me to my final climax. 

We just stayed like that for a few minutes, as I tenderly kissed and licked her inner thighs and pussy. Finally, she moved to get off the car, and soon we were standing next to each other. Then she surprised me, and gave me a deep, tongue searching kiss.

Finally, she pulled away and said out of breath, "Hell, I do taste good. Thank you so much, Sherry. I better get going. I am so glad I decided to buy a cantaloupe."

"It was all my pleasure," I replied.

As she dressed quickly, she asked me, "I have a friend named Katrina. Would you be upset if I told her, and brought her along next time?"

"Oh really? There is going to be a next time?"

She blushed, "Oh, I'm sorry. How presumptuous of me. You aren't interested?"

I walked to my car, reaching into my console. Pulling out a pen and paper, I jotted down my phone number, and then handed it to her.

I said, "Of course I'd be interested. Two women at the same time is always better than one."

"Damn, you are the wild one. I will always remember this, and I will be calling. Take care, Sherry," she said as she got into her car.

With a wave, she was soon gone. I reached into my jeans, feeling my wet pussy. I hoped she'd call soon, very soon....