 The drive to Mary's home would take about 15 minutes normally, but now, with the rush hour traffic, it was quite likely that it was going to take considerably longer.

Mary sat in the front passenger seat, next to Mrs. Brown and looked around her at the other cars and at the pedestrians all hurrying to be somewhere else. It had begun to rain quite heavily and Mary felt glad to be inside a nice, warm car. Normally, she would either have gone home by bus or, in the summer months, she would have cycled in to school. In fact, she had hoped to have her own car by now – like many of her classmates – but failing her driving test a few weeks ago had meant that had to go on temporary hold.

Getting cleaned up in Mrs. Brown's office had not been the ordeal that Mary had imagined. Mrs. Brown had helped her remove the gummy, streaked eye makeup and had assisted her to disguise the tear tracks and any other marks that shouldn't have been there. Then, with a quick application of her hairbrush, Mary had completed the process and they were ready. No mention had been made of Mary's little indiscretion and Mary was hoping in her heart-of-hearts that it would all blow over.

Once she had cleaned herself up, Mary had said that she was alright and that honestly, she could get the bus. But Mrs. Brown told her that as it was virtually on her way, she would drop Mary off before going on to her own home. Now, watching the rain streaming down the windscreen and at the wipers swishing across the screen with a rhythmic slap, slap, slap, slap, Mary was glad that she had relented and accepted the proffered lift.

Sitting in the bumper to bumper traffic, edging along at little more than walking pace sometimes, the two women chatted on amiably – almost like old friends in fact - about things in general and indeed, when they got on to the subject of men and boys, Mrs Brown even cracked a joke at which they both laughed uproariously. Mary felt relaxed and happy. She knew she had done wrong and she knew that things would not – could not – ever be exactly the same again, but right now she just felt good being in Mrs. Brown's company. She sighed unconsciously.

'Are you okay, Mary?' asked Mrs. Brown 'I know this traffic is murder, but really, I'm afraid it can't be helped.' she said.

'No.' Said Mary almost dreamily 'Its not the traffic, its just – well – its just that I was thinking....' Her voice trailed off into silence and, when she didn't continue, Mrs Brown said

'What were you thinking, Mary?' 'Would you like to tell me about it?'

Mary was only kind of half listening to her teacher. The slow, rhythmic slap, slap, slap of the wipers, coupled with the welcoming warmth inside the car and the subdued background music from the car's radio were making Mary drowsy and she found it all that she could do to concentrate on what Mrs. Brown was saying and upon actually staying awake. She yawned absently.

'Are you tired Mary?' Asked Mrs. Brown 'Why not take a nap if you wish – I'll wake you when we're there. It'll take ages yet with this traffic – there must have been an accident somewhere, to cause a snarl-up like this......' 

Mrs. Brown depressed the clutch, selected first gear and eased the car forward another ten yards or so, before once more braking gently to a halt, taking the transmission out of gear and applying the handbrake. She looked across at Mary again to see if the girl had heard what she'd said a moment ago about taking a nap and was amused to see that Mary was already asleep, her head turned towards Mrs. Brown and resting on her right shoulder. She was snoring ever so gently. Mrs Brown Smiled.......... 

'Damn!' Said Mrs. Brown under her breath so that she wouldn't wake Mary. ' That's all we need – a bloody accident! I knew it!'

They had made terribly slow progress for the last few minutes and now it was blatantly obvious why! The traffic policeman up ahead was directing traffic away from what was an obvious accident site - and the direction that they wished to go – and Mrs. Brown knew that the diversion that was now being offered would take then quite a way out of their way and would add about half an hour to their journey. She thought of her options for a few moments; decided she didn't really have any and slumped dejectedly into her seat and began to run through the coming route in her mind – noting every hold up and delay that she just knew they would end up with. She made a decision.

When next they stopped in traffic, Mrs. Brown gently shook Mary awake and told her of their predicament and of the traffic diversion. 

'So there you have it Mary.' Said Mrs. Brown finally 'Its going to take us ages to get home at this rate. Your folks will be worrying about you – would you like to use my mobile and give them a ring?'

Mary rubbed the sleep out of one eye, yawned, stretched her arms over her head as best she could inside the car and this caused her breasts to thrust out boldly against her blouse her nipples being just visible through her clothing. She looked at Mrs. Brown and said 'No, that's okay thanks Mrs. Brown, I've got my own phone with me and anyway, my mom and dad are away this weekend and there's only my big brother and me at home. Matter of fact, he's coming up from Uni. for the weekend – to "look after me" – because my mom is such a worrier. But he won't arrive until about 10 tonight, so there's no panic. But thanks anyway.'

Mary's stomach suddenly made a rumbling, gurgling sound and she rubbed it self consciously to try to stop it doing it again and hoped Mrs. Brown hadn't noticed. But the teacher said

'Sounds like you're hungry young lady! How about if we stop off at my house and I can fix you a sandwich or something? This traffic isn't going to ease much for the next hour or so, so we may as well take a break and I'll take you home once this lots gone! How does that sound?'

Mary was reluctant at first, feeling a little intimidated by the older woman's worldly wise grasp on just about everything – or so it seemed to Mary – but then her stomach gave another loud growl and the two women looked at each other and both grinned broadly.

'Okay.' said Mary. If you're sure its no bother? I must admit, I am quite hungry.'

Mrs brown checked her rear view mirror and indicated a right turn. A few yards further on, she turned off the congested main road and into a much quieter side street. A few more twists and turns and suddenly, they were pulling up in the driveway of a nice detached house. Mrs. Brown turned off the car and both women got out.

'Here we are.' Said Mrs. Brown. She aimed the remote control at the car, pressed a button and locked its doors. Then, selecting another key on the same bunch, she opened her front door, crossed the threshold and, standing to one side once inside, she invited Mary in to her home.

They walked along the hallway – Mary following the teacher – and ended up in a large brightly decorated kitchen, which had a breakfast bar in its middle. 'Wow!' said Mary with out meaning to

'You like?' Said Mrs. Brown, obviously pleased that Mary was, by the look of it, somewhat impressed by her large airy kitchen.

'What's not to like?' Said Mary turning around several times to view it all 'Its gorgeous!' 

Mrs Brown. Smiled and crossed to the fridge. 'Now then, what would you like Mary?' She asked 'I have chicken, a bit of ham or some beef that I can put on a sandwich. Or, if you prefer, I can offer you some salad or we can share a Pizza. Your choice.'

Mary though for a moment but the word 'share' had made her feel all warm inside again and she decided to go for the last option.

Mrs. Brown took the pizza out of the fridge, removed its packaging and placed it on the work surface. She lit her built in gas oven and, after setting the controls to the required heat, she placed the pizza on the middle shelf and closed the door.

'It'll take about 30 minutes or so to cook. So if you don't mind, I'm just going to get changed into something a little fresher. If you want to freshen up a little Mary, the bathroom's through here.' She said. Indicating to Mary a door, which was ajar and which Mary could see led into a peach coloured, fully tiled bathroom. She thanked the teacher and decided that she would take the chance to have a rinse, and – more importantly – a pee. She passed inside and closed the door. 

Before Mrs. Brown went to her bedroom to change, she tapped lightly on the bathroom door and said 'Mary, if you fancy a shower, please, help yourself. There's clean towels in the top drawer of the dresser and there should be a clean shower cap in there too.' 

'Okay, Mrs. Brown, thanks.' Came the reply. And with that, Mrs. Brown went to get changed.

Mary crossed to the toilet and relieved herself. Sitting there after she had finished, her fingers strayed idly down to her womanhood and before she realised what was happening, she had two fingers inside the outer lips of her vulva, stroking idly at her clit. She shook her head to clear it and stopped herself from going the whole way. She reluctantly removed her fingers from her sex and absently licked her own love juice from them. She tore off a few sheets of peach coloured toilet paper and gently dried her moist labia. Then, after flushing the toilet, she crossed to the dressing table and opened the top drawer. She looked inside and selected a nice large fluffy bath-towel. After removing it she closed the drawer and headed for the shower. It was only as she stood there naked, her young firm breasts projecting from her chest, her pubic mound still glistening with the odd drop or two of recently released love-juice and about to step into the shower that she realised that she'd forgotten the shower cap. 

Mary cursed under her breath for being so forgetful and crossed to the dresser again.

Once more she opened the top drawer and this time she rummaged around in it for a few moments, looking for the promised bath cap. Finding nothing, she closed the drawer and opened the next one down. Again, she found nothing. Finally, opening the bottom one, her eyes fell on the item she sort. She picked it up and as she did so, she noticed something else that took her eye. Lying in the drawer, half hidden by towels and flannels, she found a hard, pink dildo about 10 inches long! Her mouth dropped open. 'The dirty old cow' She thought 'All prim and proper on the outside and able to take something like this in her twat!' Mary smiled. 'The randy old cow!' She thought and putting it back, she crossed the bathroom floor and entered the shower.

About 15 minutes later and now feeling much more relaxed and not a little horny (for she had finally succumbed and masturbated herself to orgasm in the shower after all) Mary stepped onto the mat and dried her lithe body.

She took particular care to dry her breasts and her moist mound and thoroughly enjoyed both sensations. It was just as she was going to get dressed again and as she couldn't resist one final sniff at the smell of her sex on the towel that she heard the gentle tap on the door.

'Mary.' Said Mrs. Brown. 'The pizza is almost ready. Will you be long?' 

'Coming!' Replied Mary a little guiltily. 'I won't be long.' She finished and then she added, 'Thanks.'

Leaving the used towel on the side of the bath, Mary left the bathroom and called out to Mrs. Brown.

'I'm in here, Mary.' She replied. Mary followed the sound of her teacher's voice and found Mrs. Brown sitting in her large, warm and nicely furnished lounge. The large gas fire was lit and the lights were dimmed down a little. A non-descript record was playing softly on the hi-fi system. Mrs Brown was sitting on the large leather sofa and the freshly cooked pizza sat on a plate by her side She motioned to Mary to join her there.

Mary noticed that her teacher had changed in to another sheer blouse – a powder blue one this time – and that she had on a skirt which, as she sat now on the settee, was drawn up above her knees and showed off her tanned, muscular thighs. Mary felt her recently satisfied pussy twitch gently as her eyes took in this sight, and she fantasised for a second about what lay above those thighs and whether her teacher was wearing any panties underneath her skirt.

'Here we are, Mary.' Said Mrs. Brown proffering the plate to her 'I hope you like this.' 

Mary crossed the room and, not wishing to upset the food, sat carefully on the other end of the sofa. The plate wobbled a little and both she and Mrs. Brown reached for it to steady it. For a moment their eyes met, then the teacher dropped her eyes and selected a portion of the pie. Mary also took a slice of pizza and for a few minutes, the two women ate in virtual silence.

When their meal was finished, Mrs. Brown asked Mary what she'd like to drink. 'I can make you tea, coffee or – as you're over 18 she grinned – I can offer you something a little stronger!' They both laughed and Mary felt her colour come up a little.

'I'd quite like something a little stronger.' She said – 'If you don't mind, please.'

'Wine?' Said Mrs. Brown. Mary nodded. 'Be right back.' Said the older woman and she left the room.

A minute or so later she returned with two glasses and a bottle of red wine. 'I hope this is to your liking.' She said. 'It's a nice one – well in my opinion it is anyway. Not too strong, nor too sweet, but a nice drink anyway. I suppose I should have offered you a drink as soon as we arrived, but I'm so unused to having company, that it never crossed my mind – please accept my apologies!' 

Mrs. Brown poured two glasses of wine and, as she was finishing pouring the second, Mary's mobile phone rang. Mary answered it and, after a few seconds it became obvious that the call was personal so Mrs. Brown got up and left the room to give Mary some privacy. 

After a little while, Mary finished her telephone conversation and closed her phone. As if on cue, Mrs. Brown re-entered the lounge and asked Mary if everything was okay.

Mary looked at her and said ' Eh, oh yes, fine thanks.' She paused for a moment, then went on 'That was my big brother. He's been held up and won't be able to get up here tonight. He's worried about me being on my own by the sound of it, so I told a little white lie and said that I was okay and that I would stay with a girlfriend. Its no sweat, by the time he arrives tomorrow, it'll appear that I've not long got home and all will be well!' She smiled at her boldness at setting up this subterfuge and took a long drink of her wine.

Mrs. Brown on the other hand, sipped at her glass of wine. 'Better not drink too much of this if I'm to take you home, had I?' She said. She looked at Mary over the rim of her glass, observing the younger woman closely.

Mary took another drink. The sweet, juicy liquid flowed down her throat and warmed her inwardly. Although she had recently eaten, her previous lack of experience with drink made her an easy target for the alcohol that was lurking within the wine and, within a very short time indeed, she was feeling a little strange. 

Mrs. Brown offered Mary a top-up and, unwilling to offend her host, Mary accepted gladly.

A few minutes later, Mary was convinced that perhaps she shouldn't have had that third glass of wine after all! The room appeared to be moving and it was getting difficult to understand all of what Mrs. Brown said. Suddenly, Mary knew she was going to be sick! She rose to her feet and banged her glass down on the table quite loudly. She swayed a little and looked at Mrs. Brown.

'I don't feel too good!' she said and then everything went black.........

When Mary came round, she was kneeling with her head over the seemingly yawning chasm of Mrs. Brown's toilet and, hardly had she realised where she was, when her insides convulsed violently and a torrent of red liquid – laced with part digested pizza – hurtled from her open mouth and splashed messily into the toilet bowl. Oh God, she felt like shit! Another spasm hit her – and another – and gradually, she emptied her stomach contents into the toilet bowl!! Finally, all was quiet within her and she sagged against the toilet bowl. Or at least she would have done, if it hadn't been for the supporting arms that held her that prevented her from falling face first into the toilet and her recently ejected vomit.

'Better?' said a soothing voice questioningly 'Poor thing, I never thought that you'd react like that.....Are you okay, Mary?'

Mary knew the voice, but at that moment putting a name to it was beyond her fuddled mind. She stared into the toilet bowl for a while, trying to focus her thoughts and stop her head from spinning; then another spasm hit her and she threw up again and everything went black................

That last titanic upheaval in Mrs. Brown's toilet had finally rid her body of the alcohol sloshing around in her stomach and now, as she began to recover her senses, Mary realised that she was, in fact, lying down somewhere soft. Then she realised that she was actually lying on – or rather in a bed. She blinked her eyes and focused them on her new surroundings.

The cluster of three ceiling lights were dimmed right down and the integral ceiling fan whirled round slowly. Mary Strained her ears to listen and was sure that she could hear rhythmic breathing close-by.  She eased herself up into a sitting position and looked around the room.

Over in one corner, she saw Mrs. Brown – her head lolling forward on to her chest – sitting somewhat awkwardly in a straight-backed chair. She had on the clothes that Mary remembered from earlier. But as her eyes adjusted to the scene, Mary could see that the top three buttons of the teacher's blouse were undone and that her skirt seemed to be in some disarray and even further up her thighs than it had been earlier. She thought she could just discern the older woman's panties too – but it could have been merely a shadow.

Mary was just about to call out to her teacher, when she realised that she was lying in the bed –Mrs. Brown's bed – dressed only in her underwear! Mrs. Brown must have helped her undress! Mary's hands travelled quickly over her own body to confirm her suspicions and she pinched her nipples gently and stroked her mound lustfully through her panties as she thought of her teacher stripping her clothes off of her and helping her, semi-naked body into the bed. She wondered: had the teacher had been turned on by her firm, young body?

Suddenly, as if hearing her silent thoughts the figure in the chair gave a snort, her head lolled even further forward and that inbuilt survival sense that all animals seem to possess to some extent, kicked in and made her wake up. She looked around herself and, seeing Mary looking at her she smiled. Then, as if realising that she had to keep some kind of guilty secret, she hurriedly pushed her skirt down and fastened the lower of the three buttons on her blouse.

'Ah, so you're awake again are you young lady. How do you feel?' Said Mrs. Brown

Mary continued to look at the older woman and clenched her thighs together – one finger still pressed against her rapidly moistening clitoris where she'd let it wander as she had begun to think about having sex with this older woman..... Secretly, she gave herself a little rub under the thick, warm duvet. She found her voice.

'I feel a lot better now, thanks' She said 'What time is it?' 

Mrs. Brown looked at her wristwatch, fiddling with it and trying to get the angle right with the lighting in order to be able to see its face. After a few moments of trying to focus on what the hands indicated, she sat bolt upright and shrieked 'Oh my Lord, its nearly 1a.m!' 

She appeared to become a bit panicky at this realisation but after a while she relaxed somewhat and finally said to Mary. 'I'm sorry, but it looks like we both had a bit too much to drink. Would you like me to call you a taxi? I mean, you really should be getting home shouldn't you, but I don't feel safe to take you myself. Maybe you would like to..........
