 Lilliana stood before her enormous amount of designer clothing that decorated the four long racks of her walk in closet. "It's amazing how one person can have so much stuff, yet they can't find a thing to wear," she sighed to her best friend Sara who was lounging on the blue satin sheets that decorated her large heart shaped bed. Sara rolled her eyes impatiently and jumped off the bed to join her friend.

"Just go take your bath already. I'll pick something for you," she said.

"But I can't find a thing," Lilliana wined.

"Then go naked," Sara joked. Lilliana gave her a playful shove in the arm.

"Yeah, mom and dad would love that," she said.

"They're throwing this ball for you right?" Sara asked. Lilliana nodded. "Well, I say: COME AS YOU ARE!"

"I'll just have the people at Versace run something over. Megan knows what I like." Lilliana removed her short white tennis dress and grabbed a towel. Sara glanced at her friends naked body. Lilliana didn't mind the fact that her friend was a bi-sexual. She herself had been with a woman once, but for some reason never did it again. They had been friends since they met at a boarding school in France eight years ago. They both came from extremely wealthy families. Plenty of girls they knew were bi, but Lilliana didn't consider herself one.

Sara wasn't wure if her friend knew that she wanted her, she thought she kept it well hidden. Now as she watched her undress, she felt warm. Lilliana stood at 5'5" with a great toned body. Long legs, small waist, firm round ass, perky little 36b size breasts. Her hair was so blond it was almost white which went well with her soft tan and deep blue eyes.

"Alright," Lilliana breathed as she walked across the room to her own bathroom. "I'll be out in twenty. Call Megan and tell her: something stunning in black a.s.a.p."

"Will do," Sara said, momentarily slipping out of her trance to jump back on the bed and grab the phone. She felt the warmth between her own firm tan thighs as she watched Lilliana's ass sway back and forth until she disappeared into the bathroom. A few seconds later, she heard the bath running and some smelled the faint scent of the lavender bubble bath.

Sara pulled the scrunchie from her silky brown curls, causing them to tumble over her shoulders and down her back. She slowly ran her hand through her hair and closed her eyes. Taking in slow deep breaths of the sweet fragrance, she ran her hand over her plump 38c breasts that were held firmly in place by her tight sports top. Her nipple began to poke through. She fantasized about sitting in the tub with Lilliana. Kissing her softly. Sucking on her pink nipples. Sliding her hand between her wet pussy lips. Sara's breathing deepened. She pulled at her nipples with one hand and slowly rubbed her crotch with the other. Even through her tennis skirt/panty set, she could feel her own pussy getting wet and her clit standing at attention. She moaned softly when she pulled her panties to the side and slid two of her fingers deep inside her pussy. She envisioned tasting her friend. Making her moan. Just pleasuring her the way no man could.

"Hey! What did she say?" Lilliana yelled out from the bathroom. Sara snapped back to reality, blushing, even though she knew Lilliana was still in the tub.

"What?" she called.

"Megan. What did she say?" Sara fumbled for the phone and a response. She was so caught up, she forgot to call.

"Oh, yeah, Meagan," she stalled, looking around the room as if she were going to find an answer. "Um, she, ah, I uh... Oh, I mean I forgot the number!"

"What?" Lilliana asked. "Girl get your ass in here." Sara jumped off the bed with a smile. 'Calm down' she thought. 'If I go in all red faced, Lilliana is gonna ask what was up.' She stepped into the steam filled bathroom.

"Now what did you say?" Lilliana asked as she lay in the tub. She lifted her leg to shave. Sara watched the soap slide down her smooth skin.

"I forgot the number," she said simply. Lilliana smiled.

"You're just lazy. It's speed dial four." As Sara punched in the number she asked, "What are you shaving for? I thought you shaved this morning."

"Just in case," Lilliana replied. "You never know who you'll meet at your twenty first birthday ball." Sara rolled her eyes with a smile and handed the phone to her friend.

"It's ringing," she said. "I'm gonna head home and get ready. I'll see ya later."

"What are you wearing anyway," Lilliana asked.

"Don't know yet. I'm just like you. A closet full of shit and nothing to wear." The girls giggled. Sara gave a little wave as she closed the door behind her. She stood in the room with her back against the bathroom door. She took in a deep breath. Her heart was pounding in her throat.

"Boy, what I would do to be in that tub," she whispered.

9 o'clock rolled around quickly. Lilliana was stunning in her strapless low cut black dress. She wore a 21 diamond necklace, one for every year, and diamond earrings to match. They shimmered with every move she made. She searched the crowd for her friend, but couldn't seem to find her.

Time wore on and after a few glasses of champagne and meaningless mingling, Lilliana got bored. "Pardon me mum," an old English butler said.

"Yes, what is it?" Lilliana asked. He held out a piece of paper. "For you," he said. Lilliana took the paper and opened it up.

'come to the 2nd floor guess room, it's a surprise! happy b-day!' There was no signature. Lilliana looked up to ask who it was from, but the butler was gone. She decided to head upstairs. This party was boring anyway. She opened the door to the second floor guest room and flicked the switch. Nothing. Music from the radio filled the room.

"Ssshhh, close the door," a voice whispered in the darkness. Lilliana did what she was told.

"What's going on? Who's in here? Why is it dark in here?" she asked.

"Ssshhh," came from behind her. Lilliana jumped when she felt a soft hand gluid across her shoulder and down her arm. Then for some reason, she became relaxed. She felt soft kisses on the back of her neck.

"I just want you to relax," the voice whispered again. More kisses down her neck. She felt warm breath on her ear as a tongue slowly licked behind it, down her neck and to the middle of her back.

Lilliana didn't know if it was the glasses of champagne, but her body tingled. A rush of excitement ran through her. Not knowing who this person was that was now releasing the buttons down the back of her dress and letting it fall to the floor. She didn't know who's soft hands now caressed her ass and trailed kissed on the cheeks, but as she got caught in the feeling she didn't care.

Sara's heart raced kneeling on the floor, caressing Lilliana's soft skin. She managed to arrive late enough to the party to make sure there were a lot of people there. She slipped the note to the butler and told him to give it to Lilliana at ten o'clock and not to reveal who it was from. Fom there, she ran up to the room, turned on the radio and unplugged the lights. She stripped down to her bra and panties and closed the heavy drapes, leaving the room in total darkness. She stood behind the door, hoping this plan would work. Now here she was, on her knees, her friend standing before her, in nothing but her thongs.

Sara ran her hands up and down Lilliana's legs, kissing every inch of her softly. She heard Lilliana sigh as she crawled her way to the front and softly rubbed her crotch. Sara stood, led Lilliana to the bed and laied her down with her hands behind her back.

"Don't move your hands," Sara whispered.

"I won't," Lilliana replied. Sara smiled to herself and sat next to her beautiful friend. She leaned in and slowly traced her nipples with her tongue. One by one, then pulling them in her mouth, sucking softly. Lilliana moaned. Sara continued down her stomach and to her thighs. She moved herself to lie between Lilliana's legs. She pulled off Lilliana's thongs, and tossed them to the side. Sara put her lips inches from Lilliana's love. She inhaled the sent of her sex. Her head began to spin. It was all she could do to keep from plunging her fingers in her own pussy.

Sara placed her lips on Lilliana's clit. As if she were savoring the moment, her tongue circled and danced slowly around.

Lilliana moaned at the incredible pleasure she was feeling. Her mind swimming. She thought less and less about who it was. Now she didn't care. She rolled her hips slowly. Matching the rythm of the tongue.

Sara felt the movement of Lilliana's hops and picked up the pace, now flicking her tongue up and down Lilliana's clit. She slid two fingers inside her wet pussy, palm side up. She pressed upward and felt Lilliana's lips tighten, her body twitch and knew she hit the 'g' spot.

"Uuuuuhhhh godddd yes," Lilliana moaned. Sara pumped her hand bock and forth and continued to suck hungrily away at Lilliana's stiff clit. Not being able to hold back anymore, she shoved her free hand between her legs and began to rub frantically away at her own throbbing soaked pussy. It ached, begging for release.

Lilliana was now in high gear. With her hands planted under her, she lifted her hips. Not knowing who it was, and by now not caring, she grinded her hips. These fingers in her pussy. This tongue on her clit, caused her juices to flow. She fucked the tongue and fingers with force moaning and panting. She had never felt this before. The smell of her sex and the kissing sounds of the fingers fucking her pussy filled the air. Her heart pounded and her body shook. She was ready to explode.

"I'm gonna cum! Oh goddd I'm gonna cum!" she squealed.

Sara's hand pumped so fast it became a blurr. Her lips hurt from sucking. All she could do was flick her tongue back and forth, up and down Lilliana's clit faster than she thought possible. Lilliana's screams of pleasure had sent her over the edge. Lilliana's body tightened, and her pussy clamped around Sara's fingers. She shook with intensity from the mind melting orgasm, her cum filling Sara's mouth sending Sara to the point of no return. Her own body convulsed in orgasm as she sucked down Lilliana's juices. 

"Wow, I don't know what to say," Lilliana breathed as their bodies calmed down.

"You could say happy birthday."

"Sara!" she exclaimed as she sat up. "It can't be!" Sara sat with her face inches from her friend. 

"You mad?" she asked cautiously. She got her answer when Lilliana grabbed her face and kissed her deeply.

"Feel like going another round?" she whispered. Sara smiled in the dark. Sliding back down Lilliana's stomach.

"Absolutly," she said. Lilliana stopped her and laied her on her back.

"No," she said seductively. "It's my turn."

Sara felt Lilliana's lips kiss slowly down her stomach. A smile of satisfaction spreading across her face and shivers shot down her spine. She was glad things turned out this way. By the sounds of things, so was Lilliana.