 The door to Massage Room Four was open, but no one was there, so I went inside and sat on the massage table. "You can put on anything you'd like," came a voice from behind, startling me. I turned around and found a beautiful woman standing behind me, closing the door. She wore yoga pants with a stripe down the side and a tank top. Her long dark-blonde locks were pulled back in a ponytail and she had clear blue eyes, which I had always found quite sexy. The woman smiled and said, "You must be my four o'clock." Her smile was so warm and bright, and it set her right at ease.

After she selected some music, she handed me a towel and said I could step behind the screen and remove her clothes. I took my long auburn hair out of its ponytail and let it fall down. It felt kind of funny to be getting naked with a complete stranger just a few feet away. I'd never had a massage by a woman before and I was feeling a little apprehensive at this point, especially after seeing how pretty she was. Usually I didn't like strangers invading my personal space. But I did love massages.

I came out from behind the screen and saw her heating a bottle of massage oil. "Just hop up on the table and I'll be with you in a second." I laid face down on the cushioned table and unwrapped my towel so that it was just draped over my back. She dimmed the lights and I closed her eyes. I must have nodded off because the next thing I was aware of was her firm yet gentle hands rubbing warm oil into my shoulders. My towel had been pulled back so that it just lay just over the top of my ass. I felt exposed, and a little excited. This womans' hands were magical! She worked her strong fingers deep into the knots in my back, not stopping until the muscles slowly relaxed under her firm touch. There was a softness to her touch too that I didn't think a male masseuse would have had. When she wasn't giving her a deep massage, she would gently caress the smooth skin of my back, brushing aside the hair at the back of my neck and going all the way down to the cleft in the small of my back. I thought I might drift off again, but the massage felt so good that I didn't want to miss a second of it. I felt a wave of complete calm and peace wash over her.

She skipped down to my feet and began to rub them down, one at a time, between her hands. She used her fingers to massage each toe, then to press into the soles in all the right spots. Ohhh, I loved having my feet rubbed, and her soft, delicate hands felt amazing on them. She started to work her fingers into my calves, moving up to the backs of my knees and thighs. It felt like she was working with different oil now that left me tingling. And it was a very pleasant tingling. Slowly, I realized that I was tingling everywhere that she touched me, from my neck to her toes and I blushed, realizing that her touch had me turned on! 

Without even realizing it, I had parted my legs as her hands massaged their way up and she was caressing my soft, sensitive inner thighs. I started to breathe heavily as she ran her nails up my thigh, just inches short of my hot sex. Her touch felt so amazing and natural that I didn't have any thoughts of asking her to stop. She was talking just like normal and I had to think that this was just part of the massage, but it was driving me crazy. She wasn't massaging anymore, just lightly stroking my thighs and I tried as hard as I could to stay still and not show any signs of reaction. I was gripping the sides of the massage table to steady myself. Was it normal to get so turned on by a massage, I wondered? 

I was breathing heavier and I could feel my heart pounding. I secretly wished her hands would go just a little higher. As if she read my mind, when she moved to my other thigh, she did reach higher, her fingers tracing underneath the towel, right up against the curve of my ass. Her hand lingered there for a few seconds, warm against my soft skin. I held my breath in anticipation of what might happen next. Then abruptly She pulled her hand from under the towel and walked towards the head of the table. I was disappointed her hands had left my thighs. 

She put her hand in the curve of my hip, and rolled me over. If she had worked magic on her back, then what she did to my front was simply nirvana. Starting from my neck and working down, she worked the heated oil into every inch of my exposed skin, her hands gliding all over my slick body. The towel was down so that it barely covered my breasts and she rubbed me right down to the line. It took every ounce of self-control to keep from taking her hands and placing them right on my tits. God, the massage was turning into the most delicious tease. I didn't know how she could not notice how heavy my breathing had become.

"You don't mind if I move the towel right? I have to to get to your stomach." I simply nodded and she peeled the towel back so that it was lying across my pelvis. The cool air on my nipples made them instantly stiffen and I found myself wishing she'd lay on top of me and warm me up. She squirted more warm oil onto her hands and then placed them on my stomach. Pressing with the heels of her hands, she worked her hands into my stomach. 

"Not too hard, please" I asked. 

"I can be gentle," she said with a wink and her massage turned back into a caress, tracing spirals over my flat tummy. She spread her hands out across my body, rubbing me from below my belly button to just under the swell of my breasts. My lips parted as I breathed even more heavily and shifted on the table. If she kept touching me like that I would surely explode.

Without warning she slipped her hands up over my breasts, the oil coating her hands making them slide right over my skin. I couldn't help my reaction as I let out a soft moan and arched my back. She covered my tits with her hands and gently massaged them. The hard nubs of my nipples pressed against her palms. I bit her lip as she continued massaging them, but it did not stop my moans. My eyes were shut tight, but I could hear the smile in her voice when she said, "This is some people's favorite part of the massage." Her slick hands were all over my tits now, my nipples sliding between her fingers, hard and tingling. They were one of the most sensitive parts of my whole body and they were sending electric shocks straight through me. I could feel my pussy swelling, aching for her touch. 

When I could finally speak, I said, "I understand why. You have great hands." 

"You're too sweet," she said, fingers flying all over my body. I was freely moaning now, not concerned anymore with how it looked. I longed to reach out and touch her too, but just didn't know how she would react.

She slid her hands back down my stomach, catching the edge of the towel on her way down, and gracefully removed it, exposing all of my body now. She rolled me back onto my belly, and I instinctively parted my thighs and pushed my hips towards the ceiling, inviting her in. She worked a hand between my legs and brushed it against my hot sex, making me jump. She massaged my ass, gently pulling my cheeks apart, exposing my pretty behind and my glistening pussy. I could feel my lips spreading further open with each pull. She gently pressed her hand between my legs, working her palm against my clit and I gasped and pushed into her hand. I was soaking wet. She leaned her body over me and whispered in my ear. "I don't think you want to stop now, do you?" 

"No," I whimpered in agreement.

She was through teasing now, perhaps sensing that I was under her control now. Instead she spread my ass wide open, leaned in and made little circles all around it with her stiff tongue. She pushed it inside of me, rocking her tongue in and out of my ass with her hands on my hips, spreading me open. She put her hands on my back and pushed me down, forcing my ass higher in the air. She spread my thighs apart, fully exposing my pulsing flesh. Spread wide open, she attacked my pussy with long sweeps of her tongue, licking the length of the pink furrow and swirling her tongue at my clit. I gripped the edges of the massage table with white knuckles, pushing my pussy up to meet her tongues lashes. 

She didn't put her fingers inside me while she kissed my pussy, rather she rubbed in little circles wherever her lips were not. When she sucked on my clit she would rub all around the entrance to my steamy pussy and when she flicked her tongue inside of me, fucking me with it, she would rub my button. It was a deliberate seduction that no man had ever thought to attempt, and it sent feelings through me that I didn't even know were possible. I felt orgasmic from head to toe.

Constant shocks of pleasure blasted through my body and my stomach rippled as I flexed my hot mound up to meet her. Though I had made an attempt to remain quiet, I was now out of control and her oral attentions had me moaning freely. After one long thrust of her tongue, I pushed back hard against her face and rubbed furiously, her tongue inside my pussy and her nose pressed against my ass. I reached back and held her face against me, grinding my clit on her tongue harder and harder. "I'm coming, oh shit, oh shit...my pussy...I'm coming...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" I wailed. 

Abruptly she withdrew her tongue from my wet pussy and backed away. "nooooo, please...please more..." I begged, desperate for another orgasm. I felt her hands on my hips and she rolled me onto my back. I opened my legs and my lips parted in sync, moist and glistening. She climbed on top of me and began to slowly grind her body on mine, our tits rubbing together, bodies slick with oil and sweat. I could feel the heat from her pussy against mine as she pressed against me. I nearly came again. she gently took my lower lip between her teeth and slowly chewed on it, then ran her tongue just inside my mouth till it met mine, where they entwined. We stayed this way, tongues exploring each others soft lips, our hands running up and down and all over each others bodies. The curves of her soft body felt incredible.

She pulled her tongue from my mouth and slowly slid down my body, pausing to gently bite my rock hard nipples and play with my tits. Her tongue lingered over and around my aching nipples for a little while as I writhed beneath her, my pussy begging for more attention. Before long her tongue was back between my legs, at first tracing long slow circles around the outside of my lips. I reached down to spread out my lips, giving her access to lick every inch of me. She took my hands and put them back at my sides. "Just relax" she said, staring deep into my eyes. "I know my way around". 

She placed her flattened tongue dead center on my spread pussy, and licked me up to my button and back down, up and down, pressing firmly into my wet flesh. She went on and on like this, rhythmically, without relenting. Holy shit, I thought, as I buried my hands in her long blond hair and held her head against me. I started writhing my hips in sync with her tongue. I could feel it building, faster and faster. She took my swollen clit in her lips and sucked on it as I pushed her face deeper into me. I began squirming underneath her touch, faster and faster. "YES, YES, YES, DON'T STOP, OH FUCK I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING!!" I screamed over and over. 

I let go of her hair and threw my arms backward, bucking my hips repeatedly, as she held me tight now and relentlessly assaulted my pussy with her tongue. This drove me absolutely out of control, like no sexual experience I had come close to before. My body shook and convulsed, as I screamed and moaned and came, again and again and again, until I went limp and began to cry, tears of utter ecstasy. She felt my body ease, and she finally let up. She gently crawled on top of me and kissed me deeply, running her lips all over mine. She wanted me to taste my sex and remember this forever.

She got up to get a drink of water while I lay on the massage table limply, my senses slowly returning to me. My body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat and I drew my breath in long gasps. She came back over to me and leaned down, kissing me sweetly as she stroked my hair. She kissed me tenderly on the lips, and tried to slide up onto the table and lay with me. But I had other ideas...

I stood up and maneuvered her onto her back on the massage table. I squeezed a little massage oil into my hands and then caressed her with my slippery hands from her throat to her thighs. I made sure not to miss a spot. Just touching her body made me want to explode again. She arched her back off the table when I massaged her breasts and rolled her nipples between my fingers. I traced my tongue around her breasts, licking and kissing every inch of them. She was totally into it, writhing on the table and moaning my name by the time I began kissing the tender flesh of her inner thighs. I lifted her leg into the air and began to gently suck on her toes, one at a time. The feeling of my hot mouth on her toes made her quiver on the table. I licked the sole of her foot from her heel to her toes, then began tracing my tongue back up her thigh. "Mmmm, a little higher," she moaned, raking her fingers through my long brown hair, trying to urge my lips higher. "Kiss my pussy."

I had every intention of going there, but it was such a turn on to see the effect I was having on her that I took my time. I made my way up to her hairless pussy, traced only by a thin, carefully trimmed layer of light blonde hair. I could see how pink and swollen her lips were with excitement and anticipation. She was so wet her pussy glistened in the soft light of the massage room. I could not believe I was finally about to put my lips on another woman's pussy, but I was more than ready. I brushed my mouth over her open lips, sending uncontrollable tremors through the prone woman's body. I was a little uneasy, but I knew exactly how I liked to be touched and kissed down there. I softly kissed Amy's flower, spreading her lips as I did. I had wondered for years what a woman's pussy would taste like, and how it would feel against my tongue. It was everything and more. When she was laid open, I kissed her pussy deeply, letting my tongue dip deep and swirl inside the moaning woman. I nearly came again myself as she did.

"Oh God," she cried. Her legs were dangling off the end of the massage table and she wrapped them around my back, pulling me in closer and holding me there. Her bare feet swayed in the air, as I spread her legs wide open, my face planted firmly between them. 

Finding her throbbing clit, I kissed it and sucked it. Her clit was much larger than my own and I found I could nearly wrap my lips around it. I began rubbing her dripping pussy with my fingers. She was so wet that two of them slipped inside with no resistance. I moved her fingers in and out of Amy, fucking her rhythmically, while exploring her pussy with my tongue. When I found a spot she seemed to particularly like I focused my attentions there and was greatly rewarded. She quickly started losing control from me going down on her. I may have been a beginner, but I seemed to instinctually know what to do to make her wild. Never before had she been able to cum so fast or so easily. I locked onto her clit with my lips and sped up the pace of my fucking, pumping my fingers in and out of her. She held on to the back of my head tightly, keeping my mouth locked onto her pussy as her orgasm ripped through her like a tornado.

"Oh God...God...GOD!" she moaned stridently, propping herself up on her elbows and looking down at my head busy between her legs. She tossed her wild mane of hair, blonde locks going everywhere. "Make me come, make me come again" She moaned. I pulled my fingers out of her and released her clit from my lips. I went back to licking her pussy up and down, and she started grinding against me again. "yes, yes, I love your tongue. Please don't stop" she begged. I kept going, long hard strokes up her pussy, pressing my tongue into her. As she started to pant, I placed my finger at the base of her ass, and gently pushed on it. "ohhhhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuuuuck..." she wailed, and I knew just what to do. I started licking faster and faster, revving her up and at just the right time I pushed my finger inside her ass as I devoured her clit. She let out an orgasmic cry that I will never forget. I kept licking her right through her orgasm, slowing only when she slumped back to the table to purr like a contented cat. I was quite pleased with myself. 

Seeing her unrestrained reaction to my efforts made me feel like the sexiest woman alive. I felt incredible as I climbed onto the table on top of her and lay on her body. We squeezed each other tightly and kissed slowly and passionately, getting hotter and hotter again. I pressed my groin against hers, and began grinding against her feverishly. We both started rubbing against each other, faster and faster. She shifted so our clits pressed into each other, and she wriggled against me furiously, until we both came again in waves. 

"That was unbelievable. You've never done that before?" She asked incredulously. I blushed at the compliment. 

"No, this was my first time. Thank you, it was amazing." 

She kissed me and stroked my hair, saying "I hope you will come back again, so I can find out if it was just beginner's luck."