 I can't believe how horny I have been lately. It seems my swollen clit is always throbbing and twitching in my panties. I can't stop touching myself and doing naughty things. 

Today I put on a pair of really tight pants that I knew would ride up and give me a sweet camel toe. I started out with a bra but I'm wearing a sexy low-cut satiny top and I just had to take my bra off and feel my hard nipples rub against the material as my tits bounce as I walk around. Plus the seam of my tight pants rubs on my hard clit with every step.

I started masturbating but I just had to go out and share my horniness so I went to the mall. I like to walk into the stores and check out the sales girls. When I find one that makes my clit twitch and my pussy drool I immediately find something to try on. Sometimes it's tight pants that I put on in change room and then wiggle around in while the cute sales girl talks to me outside the door. But today I didn't even manage to try anything on in this one store where the sales girl was JUST SO HOT. 

She was petite, cute and blonde wearing a really tight top and a short little skirt. For a petite girl she had really big tits and they were so perfectly shaped. Just looking at her I knew I would come so hard for her. Because it is so hot outside right now, the store had the air conditioning turned up high. It was actually cold in there, but of course the girl was dressed for the heat, as was I, so both of us had really stiff nipples sticking out like little pebbles through our tops. Of course I was still braless so mine were really on display. Everyone in the mall was staring at them as I walked around, not even trying to hide them. 

This sweet sexy little blonde couldn't keep her eyes off my tits either. Every time she looked down at my stiff nips, I felt a bit of cum drip out of my pussy. I'm sure I was getting a huge wet spot in my tight pants by now. Once, in her efforts to avoid looking at my luscious titties, she looked down towards the floor, only she stopped right in the middle and stared at my camel toe pussy. I don't think she realized she was doing it but she licked her pull pouty lips. If she wasn't bi before she sure was now. The way she just kept staring at my nipples and pussy, it was clear she was turned on too. I just wanted to take her with me into the change room and shove her face into my pussy and make her lick it until I came all over her pretty face! 

Obviously I couldn't do that but I wanted to tease her and myself. I wanted to make this one last! I walked around the store with her, getting her advice on outfits, staring at her ripe little ass almost poking out of her skirt. OMG. I was dripping. I had to get her to bend over, I just had to see her ass! I dropped a few of the clothes I was carrying, knowing that it is human nature to pick things up for someone with full hands. So I stepped back and let her gather the clothes for me. All the while I had the MOST INCERDIBLE view of her beautiful ass and the growing wet spot on her own thong panties. They were a dark pink color and the wet spot was so clear I almost came right there. Just as she gathered the last item, feeling too naughty and enjoying the show she was inadvertently giving me, I dropped another top, but made sure this one fell under the rack a bit. She actually got down on her hands and knees and bent way far in to retrieve it. God, I could have mounted her right there and ground my wet pussy all over her ass. So hot! 

She stood back up, and although I was disappointed I couldn't look at her puss anymore, I was rewarded with a little nip-slip. Mmmm. One of her perky little nips had slipped out of her bra. Just the edge of it but it was enough that I couldn't take the teasing anymore.

I hurriedly reached over and took the clothes from her and managed to graze her nipple when I did. I could feel the pebbly hardness poking at the tight fabric of her top. It was so stiff it kinda bounced right back into place and she did a little shiver. I wanted to put that tit in my mouth and feel the hardness of the pointy nipple dancing on my tongue! She blushed at the contact and it was kind of awkward for a moment. It's not like I could say, "Ooops, my bad. Sorry for touching your hard little nipple, Miss." Besides, I wasn't sorry. Not in the least. In fact I wished I could do it again. And again...

I told her I would try things on now and asked if she could stay nearby in case I needed another size. It wasn't busy so she agreed. 

She led me into the change area and opened a room. It was one of those ones with the louvered doors, the kind that only covered part of the doorway. As soon as I was in there I had my back up against the wall and my hand inside my panties, pushing against the tight fabric and rubbing furiously. My pussy was making such loud wet sounds I thought for sure she could hear it. Then, I heard something. A soft moan from outside the door. I angled myself in such a way that I could see between the louvers of the door. 

Alone in the waiting area, the pretty little sales girl had her skirt hiked up and she was fingering herself too! Although I was in an awkward position, I couldn't take my eyes off her so I kept working my own clit back and forth and in little circles. I was trying to time my orgasm with hers but I didn't think I could hold out for long. Lucky for me she got a glazed look come over her eyes and I could see she was about to cum so I went crazy on my puss. I shoved two fingers inside my cunt and worked my clit hard with the palm of my hand. Seconds later she and I were both shuddering to an amazing climax! 

I was fairly quiet as I am used to masturbating and cumming in public but she let out a little squeak and her beautiful body trembled against her own hand as she came really hard. I watched as she came back to reality and looked around to make sure no one had come in. As she felt like she was alone, she brought her cum soaked hand up to her pretty face and smelled it. OMG! As if that wasn't enough, she snaked out her tongue and licked her fingers clean.

Well, that was enough to put me back in the zone and I needed to diddle myself to another quick cum! 

So horny now from telling you this I need to go find my suction cup dildo and fuck myself hard!