 I've been seeing my boyfriend Simon for several years now and we have been enjoying sex for almost as long. Recently Simon has been talking about tying the knot me after college but I'm not so certain about it. 

I'm not even certain if I'm in love with him or not. They say the feeling rockets exploding in your head when love takes over but I've never felt it. Simon thinks that he is a great lover and he makes all the motions and certainly tries.

I never want to make him feel bad so I always make him think it's been wonderful for me so not to hurt his feelings. I'm now senior at a major university and I was telling this to my roommate and best friend Suzy and she looked at me with a curious expression.

"Have you ever had an orgasm?" She asked and I didn't know what to say back to her.

"I don't know if I've ever had an orgasm," I finally told her.

"That means you haven't had one yet because I assure you if you did you would know it. Have you ever masturbated?" she asked.

"No, I've never done that." I blushed as I had always been shy and having sex with the lights off and NEVER talked about sex.

"Then I'm going to teach you. We're going to have a Masturbation class and it will be graded on a pass/fail basis. Let's get undressed." Suzy said as I stood there with my mouth wide open not believing what I had just heard.

I watched her as she shed her clothes in front of me. Her body was perfect and my mind started to wander. I watched as her bra fell to the carpet revealing her perfect breasts. I just stared at her until her eyes fell back on me.

"Come on babe, get those clothes off!" She ordered me this time.

I slowly started to undress but kept my eyes totally on her. She pulled her panties down her thighs and stepped out of them. It was then that I noticed that she had a trimmed mound. She looked at me and then started helping me remove my shirt. She tossed it aside and wrapped her arms around me. With a flick of her wrist the clasps of my bra were undone and my breasts were released. She slid her hands up my body and lightly cupped my tits in her hands as she began gently rolling my nipples in between her nimble fingers. 

She giggled lightly and went to her dresser. She pulled something out of a drawer and grabbed the small mirror off the top of her dresser. Suzy then sat down in front of me and handed me the mirror. We were both sitting naked together on the bed.

"What am I supposed to do with this?" I asked.

"Spread your legs and put the mirror under your pussy so you can see what you're doing" She told me as I put the mirror down under my pussy and saw myself in a new way.

I had never looked at my pussy this way before so it was a bit of a novelty for me to do this.

"You need to get to know your pussy and I am going to show you how so just do everything I do for now ok? Suzy said again.

Taking her index finger Suzy began to rub it around her outer lips in a circle motion with each pass she went a little deeper into her pussy each time.

"Now I want you to touch every part of your pussy just like I did." She said to me again.

I did as she told me. Looking at my pussy in the mirror I circled it with my finger pushing a little deeper into my pussy with each pass.

"Move slowly, you need to get to know how your pussy feels and know where it feels good." Suzy said to me again in a now sexy voice.

"When you know where it feels good you can tell whoever you are with where it feels good." Suzy said as she moved slowly forward and entered her fingers into the moist lips of her pussy and it began to feel good.

Warm and a little bit wet. Then I continued circling and I when came to my clit I knew it was there but I had never found it before. Suzy watched me intently as my fingers circled around my clit.

"Try rubbing it, how does it feel?" Suzy said.

"It feels good. I can feel it. I can feel it!" I said as I rubbed it and suddenly waves of pleasure began to run through my body.

"Good! Now try this vibrator, put it in slowly and work it around the way I'm doing it." Suzy said as I watched her intently.

I was not completely concentrating on how she was doing it but more wondering what it would be like if she were doing it to me instead. I told her I didn't know if I could do it myself and would prefer it if she would try it on me first. Suzy raised her eyebrow up at me and before I knew it she had slipped the vibrator in me. I was so wet that the vibrator easily penetrated deep into my tight pussy and I was overcome by the warm sexy sensations. 

For the first time I felt I understood what sex and sensuality meant. Suzy now sped up the vibrator and the thrusting of it in and out of me as my rocking hips followed her lead as my nipples became rock hard.

"Try playing with your nipples" Suzy told me as I rolled my nipples between my fingers as I could feel that my pussy was now dripping my juices all over the slick vibrator and Suzy's fingers.

All of a sudden I started feeling shock waves of pleasures running through me and I started panting. My body tightened up completely as my first orgasm washed over my tiny body. My very first climax had consumed me totally and I lost all self-control. My moans were more like screams now. I trembled out of control as she continued to pump that vibrator in and out of my tight pussy. She ever so slightly changed her speed slower and slower until she was sure my climax had subsided. But hearing me cum and watching my reaction definitely turned her on.

As I took the vibrator from her wet fingers I quickly brought it to her throbbing clit. I made slow steady strokes around her clit, just as I had seen her do before. Good thing I'm a quick learner as I soon had her writhing on the bed with her chest heaving as her body was being wracked with pleasure! As I slid the vibrator deep into her wetness I let my fingers from my free hand dance over her clit as I randomly touched the spots she had on me earlier.

"Oh my God, don't stop babe, don't stop!" Suzy's moans now replaced mine as she came. Her thick juices now coated my fingers and the vibrator as I brought her down from her climax.

We both lay on the bed catching our breath. After a few moments she rolled over and kissed me deeply. At first I was shocked, but she sent waves of pleasure throughout my body and I was quickly becoming horny again and looking for another lesson. But that's a story for another time maybe?