 Broken down on the side of the road was not what Janie had envisioned when she'd left Denver for Seattle, and evening was drawing near. She had little to no mechanical experience and that was why she'd settled on renting a car instead. She'd be calling Enterprise in the morning, if she could only get a cell signal. She held her phone up in the air, praying that she'd get just enough of a signal to call for a tow. The phone simply ignored her hopes.

Tired from the 8 hours she'd driven straight, stopping only for a quick snack or two and a restroom, Janie contemplated walking the four or five miles to the next mark on the map. It was a small town, but surely they had land lines that worked better than her cell. She opened the driver's door, threw her phone into the passenger seat, and slid in behind the wheel. She tried the engine one more time, but it was obvious even to her that something more than a battery was an issue. Frustrated, she sat with her hands on the steering wheel watching the sun fading over the horizon. The mountains were beautiful, but she really had no desire to walk the fairly deserted roadway in full darkness.

She tried the car one more time before cussing it out. Steam was now billowing out from under the hood. "Great," she thought. "Perfect actually." She pounded her right fist on the steering column, and then regretted it when her hand stung from the blow. 

Janie leaned back against the head rest and closed her eyes. She kept going over scenarios, and the only one that truly made sense was staying in the vehicle, the doors locked, until morning came. She reached around to the back seat and grabbed a sweatshirt. With the sun finally gone, and no way to start the car, she was getting chilled and used the sweatshirt to cover herself. She left the hazard lights on and hoped no one would run into her as she took a nap.

Liz Harding was a deputy sheriff who frequented the night shift, preferring the near-empty roadways to the site-seeing crowd and families that traveled the interstate system on their way to vacation destinations. She never felt lonely; she had her iPod filled with her favorite road tunes and drove the Tahoe with the stereo blasting and the windows down on cool nights. She had started her shift at 8 that night, about 3 hours earlier than usual. Being single in a world of men who had wives or girlfriends to go home to, she usually pulled extra shift time, especially during the summer months.

It was around 11 now, and as usual, the stretch of road she was patrolling was empty. About the only car she'd pass was one with out-of-state plates and doing the speed limit. She rarely had to pull anyone over, and only did so if they appeared to be falling asleep by crossing the center line or going 15 miles per hour over the posted limit. She took a sip of the hot coffee in her thermos lid and nodded her head to a Credence Clearwater Revival tune.

The song changed to a more raucous tune when she came around a bend and noticed hazard lights blinking in the distance. She slowed her vehicle and pulled up behind what appeared to be an empty Honda Civic. Per protocol, she radioed her stop in, then turned on her floods and stepped out of the vehicle. With her heavy-duty flashlight, she walked slowly up to the car, peering inside as she approached the driver's door. When she was next to the window, she saw that a young woman about her age was sleeping. Not wanting to frighten her, Liz tapped gently on the glass with her flashlight and announced that she was a deputy sheriff.

Janie heard the tapping, and at first she thought she was dreaming. She opened her eyes and realized that light from outside the vehicle was flooding the inside. She turned toward her window, holding her hand up to shade her sleep-filled eyes. Luckily, the windows weren't power, and she slowly cranked it down just enough to hear what the person standing outside the car was saying.

"Are you okay?" Liz asked the blonde who looked a little dazed. "Sheriff deputy Harding. I saw your hazards and pulled over to make sure you weren't stranded."

Janie grimaced. "Actually I am sort of stranded. This piece of crap just died on me out here, and I didn't really want to walk in the dark."

Liz smiled and moved the light so it wasn't shining directly in the other woman's face.

"Can I give you a lift?" she offered? "I can take you back to the town you passed. It's about 20 miles, but better than sleeping out here along the road -- and safer."

Janie saw the badge, looked in her rear-view and saw the vehicle behind her own was indeed marked as a police vehicle, and then nodded. She reached beside her and grabbed her purse. The deputy stepped back and let her exit the vehicle. Janie popped the lock on the door manually and slipped the purse over her shoulder. She carried the sweatshirt in her free hand.

Liz motioned for Janie to move towards the Tahoe, which Janie did quickly. The night air had definitely taken on the chill of the mountains around them. When Janie reached the passenger side, she heard the automatic locks disengage and she gladly opened her door and crawled inside. The interior was warm, and the music amused her. She was a fan of rock music herself, but didn't necessarily expect it to be so loud in a police vehicle. Liz stepped in and got behind the wheel. She flipped off the spotlights, turned down the tunes, picked up the radio and announced to dispatch that she had picked up a stranded motorist and was returning to Harrisville. As soon as dispatch acknowledged her call, she put the vehicle in gear and did a quick u-turn.

Janie couldn't help but notice how nice the deputy looked in her uniform; it was lit up only by the dash lights and the soft glow of the laptop and police radio. She felt awkward, but the silence was killing her.

"I'm glad you came along," she offered. "I have no idea how long it would have taken to get a tow truck in the morning, especially since I couldn't get a signal on my cell."

Liz looked over at her and smiled, "Probably a while. This isn't such a great stretch of road to break down on."

Janie nodded.

It only took about 15 minutes to reach Harrisville, and Liz hadn't heard another peep out of her passenger. She figured she was tired. Liz pulled into a local motel, a mom-and-pop operation where the rates were cheap, but the rooms clean. She pulled up in front of the office and turned off the engine.

"I can get you set up for the rest of the night. You can get a tow around 10 tomorrow morning from a shop down the street. If you don't mind me asking, what's your name and where are you headed?" Liz asked.

"Janie Hamilton. I am headed for Seattle, but I thought I'd get there a lot faster than I have," the other woman answered, following Liz into the office.

It didn't take long to get a room. The motel was practically deserted. Only a few vehicles and a couple semi-trailers were parked in the lot. Liz walked Janie to room 111 and waited for her to open the room. Janie flipped on the lights, and then stepped inside. As she entered the room, her purse slid off of her arm and fell onto the carpeting, spilling its contents. She was completely embarrassed when a strap-on dildo fell out next to a bright pink vibrator, mixed with Kleenex, keys and various other girl items. She bent down and scooped the stuff back into the purse, hoping the deputy hadn't noticed.

Liz had noticed, but she didn't say anything. She simply followed Janie into the room. Liz sat her purse down on the bed, looked around and finally met Liz's eyes. She noticed that they were a very nice shade of blue.

Knowing she should be on her way, Liz regretted that she had to leave. She was about to excuse herself when Janie offered her a cup of coffee from the one-cup-at-a-time pot that came with the room. Motel coffee wasn't the best, but Liz didn't feel right about turning it down. Besides, she found Janie attractive.

They sipped coffee and talked. Liz used her hand-held to radio in that she was still in Harrisville. Dispatch acknowledged and the radio once again went silent. She sat in a small chair next to a very small table while Janie stretched out on the bed, her back against the headboard. As Liz finished what was left of her coffee, she noticed that Janie had stopped talking and was staring at her.

"It's been a long day," Janie admitted. "I appreciate your company. It's too bad you have to leave."

Liz knew it was true, she needed to leave, but there was something in Janie's green eyes that begged her to stay. Liz hadn't had a relationship in a long time, and a stranded motorist wasn't usually someone she felt obliged to keep company with. Tonight she felt she wouldn't mind spending a bit more time in that motel room.

"I could stay for a while longer," Liz offered as Janie stripped off her t-shirt and jeans, getting down to a black lacy bra and matching pair of panties. "In fact, I could stay for a couple hours."

Janie smiled. She was lonely, she was headed to Seattle because of a bad breakup with her girlfriend, and she was suddenly aroused by the deputy. Sitting nearly naked on the side of the bed, Janie looked vulnerable and inviting. Janie patted the edge of the bed near her.

"I'd feel safer if you could," Janie said honestly. "I wouldn't mind your company at all."

Liz moved to the bed next to Janie and was only slightly surprised when the other woman put her hand on her thigh. She didn't move it, and she could feel the warmth of her palm through her uniform pants. She swallowed as she felt a tingle of excitement. She looked at Janie, smiled and put her hand on top of Janie's.

"This might seem a bit improper," Janie started, and then stopped.

"The fact that you are a long way from home and a long way from where you're headed to?" Liz asked.

"The fact that I just met you but I am really interested in getting to know you better," Janie admitted, feeling a small blush cross her cheeks. "I..."

Liz nodded, feeling the tingle stronger. She knew what the other woman wanted, and the truth was that regardless of how improper it might be, she wanted to be with her as well. Liz slid her hand up to Janie's bare shoulder and caressed it. She felt Janie lean into her touch. Liz moved her hand slowly down Janie's back, stopping at the fasteners of her bra.

"Don't stop," Janie offered. "I know you probably saw what spilled out of my purse. I left a girlfriend behind in a messy breakup, and you have something that I want."

"And that is?" Liz asked, her fingers fumbling with the bra.

"I want you to make love to me."

"We barely know each other," Liz said quietly. She felt her fingers unhook the bra and watched as the straps loosened, showing the tops of Janie's breasts. They were beautiful, and all Liz wanted was to put her hands and mouth on them.

"I don't mind that," Janie admitted, huskiness now in her voice. "I want you to be with me." Liz felt Janie's hand move between her legs, and she knew she was already wet. Janie's touch simply made her ache. Liz used her fingertips to remove Janie's bra, exposing full breasts and now a bare upper body that was toned, fit and tan. She wanted to look Janie in the eyes, but she couldn't stop herself from letting the fantasy continue.

Janie took Liz's hand and cupped it against her left breast. Heat suddenly filled both women. Liz closed her eyes as anticipation filled her. She massaged the breast, taking the nipple softly between her fingers and rubbing gently.

Janie stood and kept a hold of Liz's hand. She moved in front of the deputy and placed Liz's hand at the top of her panties, inviting her to remove what was left of her clothing. Liz didn't hesitate. She took her free hand and with Janie's guidance, pulled the black panties from her hips and down to the middle of her tan thighs, exposing a groomed pubic area. Liz felt her heart begin beating faster. She wasn't surprised when Janie guided her hand to her clit. Janie was wet as well. Liz removed her hands long enough to take off her duty belt and allow Janie to undress her. They moved in a fluid motion until Liz stood face to face with Janie, both of them naked and fully aroused. Liz gently took a hold of Janie's shoulders and moved her onto the bed, lying down against her, their breasts touching. Their breathing became heavier.

"Tell me what you want," Liz offered softly.

"I want to feel your tongue on my lips," Janie whispered. "Then I want you to do whatever you want to me."

Liz pressed her lips against Janie's, slipping her tongue into the greedy mouth of the other woman. Their tongues met in a dance of passion. As they kissed, Liz felt Janie's fingers slowly caressing her clit, arousing her even more. Liz began to grind against Janie's fingers involuntarily, feeling the wetness making those fingers more slippery. Before she realized it, she was on top of Janie, grinding freely, their mouths still locked together. Janie tipped her head back, breaking the kiss, and moaned.

The guttural sound made Liz move her hips methodically against Janie's fingers which had found their way into her vagina. She gripped them tight inside her. Liz's lips found the soft hollow between Janie's neck and chin and she licked and tickled her to Janie's satisfaction.

"You feel wonderful," Janie admitted in between ragged breaths. "I want you to..."

Liz didn't let Janie finish. She moved down, feeling Janie's fingers slide out of her. She pulled Janie's legs over her shoulders and began licking Janie's wet love nest with her tongue, flicking it quickly over her clit. This elicited more moaning from Janie, who gripped Liz's shoulder-length hair in ecstasy. Liz sucked gently, tasting the sweetness on her tongue, and continued to orally please Janie as she felt her writhe beneath her. Janie felt on the verge of an orgasm, holding back only to keep from exploding too soon. She wanted to come when Liz did, but Liz's tongue was now probing inside her, and it was too much. Clenching the comforter with her fingers, Janie came suddenly and Liz felt the warm fluid cover her tongue.

Liz pulled back, but felt Janie flipping her over onto her back in a swift move that nearly caught her off guard. She lay on the bottom now with Janie above her, kneeling on either side of her hips. Janie grabbed her purse and pulled out the strap-on. When Liz saw it, she nodded in anticipation.

Janie gracefully put on the harness and adjusted the large cock. She lay down on top of Liz, rubbing the dildo against her as she sucked softly on Liz's breasts. Liz closed her eyes, feeling the heat fill her. She soon begged Liz to enter her, which Liz did gladly. The dildo, now wet, slid deep inside Liz. Liz and Janie moved in synchronized motion, the cock sliding in and out against the walls of her vagina, sending waves of elation throughout Liz's body. She grabbed Janie's hips and guided their motions.

Wanting the dildo to go deeper, Liz rolled over, careful to keep the strap-on inside her. Janie adjusted as Liz went to her knees and begged Janie to increase the strokes. Janie was happy to oblige. She grabbed Liz's hips and began thrusting deeper inside the other woman, their rhythm matching perfectly. Soon Janie felt Liz begin to shake, and knew that she was about to cum. She pumped faster now, eliciting a loud whine from Liz who was shaking wildly now. Janie pushed the dildo further and further inside Liz until Liz let out a final shake and moan, and then collapsed on the bed face down. Janie lay on top of Liz, panting. 

Janie pulled out slowly, the dildo now covered with the wet cum of her love partner. She undid the harness, slipped out of it, and lay down next to Liz. They rested, quietly stroking each other with their fingers.

"I'm glad you decided to stay," Janie admitted. "You were wonderful."

"You were wonderful too," Liz agreed. "Before you leave in the morning, will you let me take you to breakfast?"

Janie smiled, "As long as breakfast is another round."