 This is my first attempt at a story, and I hope that its ok. Please feel free to leave me comments! I would appreciate anything you readers have to say! Thanks and enjoy.





Angie stared out the window wondering what she was going to do. Today was her twenty-fifth birthday and she had no one to spend it with. She got off the window seat and padded over to the fridge to see what she could cook up. When she opened the refrigerator she saw that it had been a while since she had been shopping. All that was in the fridge was a half gallon of milk, maybe about two eggs and some moldy slices of cheese. She turned and rummaged through her cupboards and realized that they weren't much better off. She sighed and wondered what she was going to do. Finally after a minute of contemplating she picked up the phone, called a local restaurant and made reservations. She quickly jumped in the shower to get ready. 

***

By the time she was ready she had to rush out the door to make it to her reservation on time. She ran down two flights of stairs and out the door to her black Nissan Xterra. She rushed over to La Ristornate. It was her favorite Italian place and since she was all by herself she decided to treat herself. 

***

When she arrived at the restaurant she was a couple of minutes late for her reservation. She jumped out of her car and without a glance raced toward the doors. Then next thing she knew she felt like she hit a solid brick wall and then she felt her butt hit the ground. When she looked up she was staring in to a pair of violet-blue eyes.

"Oh my goodness, I'm really sorry about running into you." The tall raven haired woman said.

She reached down and offered her hand to help Angie up. 

"That's ok. It was my fault. I wasn't looking were I was going."

After Angie wiped herself off, she had a chance to inspect her better. The raven haired lady was wearing a white chef coat and black and white checkered pants. From the way she was dressed, she looked like she might work here at the restaurant. As her eye's traveled up the body of this beautiful woman; she noticed that the woman had broad shoulders, and strong hands. She had high cheek bones and the loveliest violet-blue eyes. When Angies eyes meet the other woman's again, she saw a smile on her lips. 

"Um," Angie stammered. "Thank you again, um..."

"Maxine, but my friends call me Max, and no problem. Well, I got to get to work. Um, are you eating here?"

"Yes, it's my birthday."

"Oh, well, enjoy your birthday date." Max said as she started to walk away.

Angie didn't know why but she had to clarify. She had to tell her that she was here alone.

"Max," she yelled. "I'm not here on a date. I'm here by myself. I didn't have anybody to celebrate my birthday with, so I decided to take myself out. I just thought I would tell you. Well, I have to go; I'm really late for my reservation." 

With that Angie turned and ran into the restaurant.

***

Max watched her walk away and she just smiled. She thought Angie was one of the most interesting women she had ever met. She shook her head and walked around the back to the employees' entrance. 

"Hey Max," A tall burly man yelled. "You're late! What took you so long?"

She smiled and replied, "I almost ran down a woman outside. Sorry."

"Oh? Was she cute?" He asked with a smile on his face. 

"I don't know. I wasn't paying attention."

"Yeah right; you get more pussy then I do. By the way, you're on expo tonight."

With that, he walked away. Max waked over to the expo table and started working.

***

As soon as Angie walked up to the podium, she started to apologize.

"Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry that I'm late. I had a little accident outside and it detained me. Please, can I still keep my reservation?"

The tall blonde hostess looked at the clock and said, "What was your name ma'am?"

"Oh uh, it was under Angie Littlewell."

"Well, your 20 minutes late, but let me see what I can do. I'll be right back."

With that the hostess walked into the restaurant. Angie waited for a couple of minutes before the hostess reappeared. She picked up a menu and turned to Angie,

"If you'll follow me please, I'll take you to your table."

Angie followed the hostess into the dinning area and sat at the table she stopped at.

"Here is your table. Enjoy your meal."

Angie sat down and picked up the menu. She glanced at the menu even though she already knew what she was going to have. She just wanted to see if there was anything new. She put the menu down and waited for the waiter. While she was waiting her thoughts ran back to a certain raven haired lady. She wondered about her, what she was like. She only talked to her for a minute, but she was very intrigued by what she saw. 

"Excuse me, miss?"

A voice ripped Angie from her thoughts. She looked up and saw that it was her waiter.

"Yes, I'm sorry."

"What can I get for you this evening?"

"Well, I would like to start with a bottle of your best champagne and then I would like the cheese tortellini with your antipasto sauce. I will have the house salad with honey mustard dressing, on the side, along with the wheat bread please."

"Yes ma'am, will that be all?"

"Yes for now thank you. Oh, could you do me a favor. Would you please request that Max cooks my dinner?"

The waiter looks at her quizzically, "um, yes ma'am, I will ask."

"Thank you."

She had no idea why she asked that Max do it, but it just came out of her mouth before she could stop it.

***

"Hey Max," yelled the waiter. "There is an order here. The customer requested that you cook the food."

Max looked quizzically at the waiter and takes the ticket. She glanced at the table number, nodded at the server, and went over to the boss.

"Hey boss, this order just came in, the customer requested that I cook it. Is that ok?"

"Yeah, go ahead, just hurry up and get back on expo."

Max walked into the fridge to gather up everything she needed to make the dinner. As she was cooking the meal she couldn't help but wonder who had requested her to cook the meal. As soon as the meal was finished she put it up into the window and yelled 'order up'. She got back to expoing, keeping a close eye on the order she made. She wanted to see who the waiter took the order to. After waiting a couple of minutes, the waiter came back into the kitchen to retrieve the order. As the waiter walked out the door, Max watched him carefully until he reached the table. As soon as Max saw who had ordered it, she smiled, wishing she had done something extra.

***



As Angie ate her dinner she thought about Max cooking her dinner. Those long slim fingers preparing the food. She couldn't help but let her thoughts turn to what it would be like if those hands ran themselves over the length of her naked body. What it would feel like if those fingers were up inside of her and –

"Um, excuse me, miss?" The voice said, breaking into her thoughts.

"Oh, yes?" Angie could feel her face getting beet red.

"The Chef that cooked your dinner has a special surprise for you for desert. She said that she hopes you enjoy it and happy birthday."

The waiter placed a beautiful looking desert in front of her. The desert was perfectly square and looked like cake layered with whipped cream. Angie took a bite if this mouth watering dish and found it to be better then it looked. It tasted like fine creamy coffee on top of a delicate cake. She looked up at the waiter and said,

"Excuse me, what is in this dish?"

"This is called tiramisu. It has mocha flavored whipped cream atop lady finger pastry with a hint of strong espresso. Enjoy."

With that, the waiter walked away. Angie took another bite of this desert and died. She had never tasted anything so good before. She was so happy that Max had sent this desert because she wasn't originally going to order it. She was so stuffed she wasn't going to order any, but she sure is glad that she got this.

***

Max looked out the door and saw the waiter talking to Angie. She smiled because she couldn't wait to see what her face looked like when she tasted it. A minute later the waiter moved away from the table and she saw Angie take another bite of her tiramisu. She saw her close her eyes, she looked like she was in ecstasy, Max smiled and walked back to her work. 

***

After Angie finished her desert, she paid for her meal and decided to leave a note for Max. She pulled a piece of paper and a pen out of her purse and wrote her a short note. As she walked by the waiter who served her, she asked her to give the note the Max. She thanked her and left the restaurant. It was still early so she decided to go home, change and go to the bar. As she got to her car she noticed a piece of white paper under her windshield. 

"Shit, not a parking ticket!"

As she got closer to the car she noticed that it looked different then a parking ticket. She walked up to the windshield and unfolded the piece of paper.

Angie,

Thank you for the note. I'm glad that you

enjoyed the meal and the desert. I hope

that you have a great birthday. It was a 

pleasure to meet you. I hope I 'run' into 

you again.

  Max

Angie smiled as she tucked it into her pocket. She got into her car, put the car in reverse and started to back up. She looked over her shoulder and didn't see anything. She took her foot off the brake, turned the wheel, and felt the back end of her car hit something. She threw the car in park, jumped out of the car and raced to see what she hit. It was a motorcycle! A black and yellow 2000 Honda CBR. Now she had to pay for the damages. She couldn't very well just leave it. She had no idea how long the owner was going to be so she decided to leave a note and her insurance information. She jotted everything down and left it on the bike. She took some pictures with her phone to document the damage, wrote down the plates and got back into her car. She pulled out of the space and headed home. She felt like such an idiot. She couldn't believe that she hit the bike. 

You moron! How could you not see the bike!?! How could you not notice it? I mean, it's not like it wasn't there. Now you have to pay for the damages. It's a good thing you have good insurance! I just hope the owner understands and I don't get a call from an enraged man! That's the last thing that I need! We'll just have to see I guess. 

By the time she was finished yelling at herself she was home. She parked her car in the garage and raced up to her apartment. When she got upstairs she checked her machine, just to make sure that there wasn't a message from the owner of the bike. There was only a message from her boss about her next assignment. She was going to California at the end of next week, oh goody. 

See, Angie is a food critic. She loves food and there is so much stuff out there that she hasn't tasted. She just started about a month ago, but she is already well known. She loves the treatment she gets from restaurant owners and their staff when they know she is there. It makes her feel special. 

Angie raced into her room after writing down all the info she would need for her trip. She threw off her dinner clothes and opened her closet. 

Hmm, what do I want to say? Do I want to say 'available'? Do I want to say 'one night stand'? No, definitely not that. How about saying that I'm approachable, willing to talk and interested in a relationship. 

With that decided she pulled out the black knee length skirt with a slit up the side, the cerulean blue silk button up shirt, and the black stiletto heeled boots. She went into the bathroom and straightened her waist length red hair, and applied a little more make-up. She finished the ensemble off with her shoulder length diamond earring. She grabbed her purse, grabbed her keys, and was out the door. 

***

Max knew that there was no reason to go to the bar, but she didn't feel like going home. Plus she needed to wind down after work. She walked outside to get on her bike when she saw that it had been hit. Not enough to do much damage, but enough that it was going to cost her money. 

Of course the driver didn't stay to wait, to take responsibility. Why would they do that? Why would they stay to do the decent thing? 

As she tipped the bike up she saw a white piece of paper fall off the bike. She propped up the bike and reached for the paper. When she unfolded the paper she recognized the handwriting immediately.

Dear Owner,

I am really sorry that I hit your bike.

I was backing up and I didn't see it.

Pease forgive me. Here is my insurance info.

I will call them in the morning as soon as they open,

which is at 9:00 a.m. I will inform them of your call.

If you need to get a hold of me my number is 555-1212.

I'm sorry again.

Angie Littlewell.

Insurance provider: Statefarm.

Rep: Jake Longfield.

Number: 1-800-statefarm.

Max smiled. Well, of course it was Angie, why not? She pocketed the note, hopped onto her bike, and headed to the bar. She always kept a change of clothes in the office just in case she needed it. While she was on her way to the bar, she couldn't help but think of Angie. She was a stunning woman, with her long curly red hair, and her emerald green eyes, and her milky white skin. She had the perfect combination of everything. Just thinking about her made her feel all warm. As she headed to the bar, she decided to head home anyways and shower and change. When she got home, she parked in the garage, and went up to her apartment. As soon as she went inside she saw her machine blinking. She went over to it, pushed the play button, and then went into the bedroom to take off her clothes. The first message was a telemarketer; the second was an old friend who was in town. But the third one made her stop in mid step. The voice was as silky as a satin sheet, it was her ex, the one who made her what she was, hard. The voice purred out of the answering machine;

Hey baby, it's Kat. I'm in town and I thought

I would stop by tonight. Give me a call.

I'm at the Hilton room 355, talk to you later baby.

She got in the shower after she deleted the message. Now she definitely didn't want to be home. She never wanted to see, or hear from her again. She broke Max's heart worse then anybody ever had. She walked in on her one day screwing her secretary, and the secretary's husband. It had felt like her heart had been cut out. She had been on her way over to ask her to marry her, and that is what she found.

She got out of the shower, ran into her room and grabbed her clothes. She wasn't really looking for anybody so she threw on her jeans, and a black hoodie. She grabbed her keys, her wallet and was out the door.

***

When Angie pulled up to the Black Pussy she saw right away that there was no parking anywhere around. So, she pulled around the corner and parked at her usual place. As she was walking toward the bar she saw a bike zoom past her and squeeze into a spot. Angie slowed down because the person on the bike looked kind of scary to her. The figure was clad in a black leather jacket, black leather riding chaps, and a black helmet. She then saw the figure take off the helmet and the chaps and strap them to the bike. She then saw the figure walk away, to the back of the club. She didn't think the figure saw here so she just kept walking. 

When she got into the club she went straight to the bar to get a drink.

"Hey Angie, how's it going baby?"

"Hey Jen, its ok, how about you? Anything good going on here tonight?"

"Not really, but there are some new faces here. Hey, isn't tonight your birthday?"

Angie smiled. "Yes, as a matter of fact it is, it's sweet of you to remember."

Jen smiled. She walked over to the other bartender, said something, and then grabbed the mike. 

"Excuse me, can I have everyone's attention. I just wanted to let everybody know, that tonight is my pal Angie's birthday. So how about we sing her happy birthday."

The club broke out in cheers. The next thing Angie knew everybody was singing her happy birthday. She was so embarrassed, but delighted at the same time. She and Jen had been friends for a long time. She was always doing little things like this. When Jen came back over to Angie she smiled at her and started to make her, her usual drink, a Madori Sour. 

Angie didn't have to sit there long before somebody came up to her.

"Hey birthday girl, you want to dance?"

She looked up and smiled into the woman's eyes. The woman she was staring at was a tall woman with short brown hair and brown eyes. She smiled at her, and put out her hand. The brown haired lady smiled, grabbed her hand, and took her out on the dance floor.

***

Max pulled into a parking spot, took off her night riding gear and stowed it on the bike. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a woman walking towards her. She didn't think anything of it as she walked to the back of the Black Pussy. She knocked on the back door twice and a big burly man answered the door.

"Hey Max, how's it going" He asked as he moved aside to let her in.

"Good Mikey, how are you doing?"

"Pretty good..."

They continued to chat and catch up when Max heard an announcement coming from the front of the club. 

"Excuse me, can I have everyone's attention. I just wanted to let everybody know, that tonight is my pal Angie's birthday. So how about we sing her happy birthday."

Max thought about it, and then she thought about the woman she met today. 

It can't be the same woman I met today. What would be the odds of that? I run into her outside the restaurant, she asks for me to cook her meal, and then she runs into my bike. Now we're in the same club! I'm going to have to see for myself. 

She says by to Mike and walks out into the club while everybody is singing happy birthday. She scans the crowd trying to find her and she sees her sitting at the bar. She starts to walk over to her as the song ends and she sees another lady walking toward her. Max then sees her take her hand and walk toward the dance floor. She sits at the end of the bar and decided to watch them.

"Hey Max," says Jen. "You're usual?"

"Hey Jen, that would be great, thanks."

Jen comes back with her beer and notices that she has been staring at Angie the whole time. She hasn't seen Max show interest in anybody since her last.

"Hey Max, you uh know Angie?"

"Oh, um, she came to the restaurant and had dinner for her birthday. I ran into her outside, we talked for a minute and then split ways."

"Oh, well, I know her pretty good if you want to really meet her."

"Oh no, that's ok, thanks."

Just as Max was getting ready to go back to the kitchen she heard some arguing.

"Hey, I told you I didn't want to dance with you anymore, please let go of me!" yelled Angie.

"Hey lady, I told you that you were going to dance with me and you are. So just cool it!"

Max noticed to woman to be Hailey, a really mean butch. Almost everybody in the club was scared of her. She could tell that no one was going to help Angie so she walked over to them and tapped Hailey on the shoulder.

"Hey Hailey, can I cut in?"

Hailey turned around and was about to yell at the person tapping her but she thought better of it when she saw it was Max.

"Oh hey Max, I would love to let you dance with her, but I'm not done."

Max still hadn't looked at Angie yet, but she knew she was scared.

"Well Hailey, I see it differently. I heard Angie tell you that she didn't want to dance anymore. So I figure that she wants you to leave her alone. Be a good sport and let her go."

Hailey was livid. No body talked to her this way. She would teach her to talk to her like that. Before Max had a chance to react, Hailey hit her square in the temple. 

It knocked Max to her butt. Hailey thinking it was done turned back to continue dancing with Angie. 
