 Maya's pampering becomes more intimate, and she gets to experience the joys of another woman.

Lesbian, and voyeur content.

....

As Kyle unbuttoned and then removed the garment that had been covering all of her from neck to ankles, I watched Maya's expression, complete with a gasp that I could well appreciate, because it would be tough to not have some kind of reaction upon seeing Kyle for the first time.

Under the caftan, Kyle was wearing a turquoise camisole that was so skimpy that she might as well have been naked. Her massive breasts were hanging out of the top and the sides, and made the garment even shorter than it was designed to be. Her pussy and ass were both fully exposed, and I watched Maya try and make up her mind what to look at first, and then try not to look at anything.

"Like my camisole, Maya?" Kyle asked, and Maya nodded while playing with the rapidly diminishing bubbles around her.

"You're so cute," Kyle said with a giggle, kneeling down next to the tub and grabbing a loofah from the shelf. "You can look at me, Maya. I don't mind. Just the opposite. I like to be looked at."

Maya smiled nervously and glanced back over at Kyle, while the blond amazon leaned down and soaped her neck and back. Maya's eyes drifted down as Kyle attended to Maya's back, and locked on to the pendulous breasts as they swayed under the silk with Kyle's every movement.

"What do you think of Kyle?" I asked Maya while I enjoyed Kyle soaping her shoulders and arms.

"She is very nice. I like her," Maya said shyly, raising her arm and smiling as Kyle rubbed soap in her furry armpits.

"Ticklish or sensitive under your arms?" Kyle asked as she scrubbed, and Maya shrugged her shoulders in response.

"You sure do have a lot of armpit hair," Kyle observed. "Looks sexy on you, Maya."

"Thank you," Maya answered politely. "It pleases Sir very much."

"Really?," Kyle asked with a glance toward me. "How does it please him?"

"It's okay, Maya," I told her, after the little woman said nothing and looked in my direction for help. "You can tell Kyle anything, and you should answer any of her questions just as you would mine."

Maya nodded, and I was happy that she had been so tight-lipped about our activities, but I had no real secrets from Kyle and enjoyed sharing things with her.

"Sir said when he first met me that he found the hair on my arms sexy, and then when he found out that I did not shave under my arms, he showed me much affection there," Maya said, and looked a little concerned that Kyle might be jealous or something.

"Kyle and I share everything, Maya," I assured her.

"Tell me about the affection, Maya," Kyle persisted.

"Sir - he stroked the hair and then he ran his fingers through it."

"Like this?" Kyle asked, lifting Maya's arm and raking her fingernails through her lathered, hairy pit, and Maya shivered as she did.

"Yes, and then he licked my armpits the next time."

"Ooh! That sounds hot!" Kyle said. "Maybe I'll try that later tonight. Erik likes to lick my pits too, but I suppose mine are kind of boring compared to yours. See?"

Kyle lifted her arms, showing Maya her moist and smooth armpits, which she probably got waxed every other day judging by the way it always looked.

"Your underarms are very beautiful," Maya said shyly. "I noticed before that you do not have hair - anywhere."

"You sly devil!" Kyle said, shaking her finger at an embarrassed Maya. "You were looking after all, and you saw my pussy."

Kyle stood up and gave Maya another longer, and closer look at her hairless delta, the raised mound forming a smooth channel.

"Did you not ever have the hairs grow down there?" Maya asked innocently.

"Oh sure, but I get it waxed. All of it. Pits, legs and pussy. Think you'd like to have that done, Maya?" Kyle asked.

"Oh no," Maya said in shock. "Sir would not like that."

"How about you, though?" Kyle asked. "You don't think you would like to have a hairless pussy like mine?"

Kyle ran her hand over her smooth mound before kneeling down next to Maya again.

"No, I think I like me the way I am," Maya said somewhat proudly, and stood up a little straighter as Kyle's soapy hand washed her titties. "I would never be as beautiful as you are no matter what I did, and as I am now, at least I know that my appearance pleases Sir."

"You do, Maya," I said in reinforcing her comments. "I think you are both incredibly sexy."

"Well, I guess we'll keep this the way it is," Kyle said, and as her hand plunged deeper into the water, I could guess what Kyle meant when she said "this".

Maya's reaction; slinking a little bit down in the tub as she moaned, made it obvious that Kyle was playing with her pussy, and her eyes widened as Kyle's arm worked a little faster.

"Tell me more," Kyle asked. "Tell me what's so great about Erik. Tell me what he has done to you, and you to him."

Maya looked at me before speaking, and she seemed to be trying to thrust herself into Kyle's hand as it worked underwater, and just as I expected, Kyle's hand slowed in response.

"He has done - everything to me," Maya finally said.

"That's not much of a description," Kyle answered. "Tell me what you two have be doing."

"He had me pleasure him with my hand first," Maya explained. "Then the next night, he had me bring him to orgasm under my arm."

"What?" Kyle asked.

"You know, you place the man's penis under your arm, like this," Maya explained, demonstrating in a professorial manner. "Then you press your arm down to make it tight around him, so he can get pleasure."

"Well," Kyle said, looking back at me in mock-awe, "I'm learning about a lot of different stuff here today. And this made Erik cum?"

"Oh my yes!" Maya said, and she even giggled at her own enthusiastic reply. "The next night, he had me take him into my mouth while my husband watched outside the store."

"Did he cum in your mouth?" Kyle asked, and Maya nodded. "Did you take him deep into your mouth - down your throat?"

"No," Maya said. "I don't think that I do that very well," Maya admitted. "I cannot get enough of him into my mouth, because he is so large."

"Maybe that's something that we can work on with you," Kyle mused, and that prospect got my interest piqued, because when it comes to sucking cock and deep-throating, Kyle has no peer, and that was what brought us together in the first place.

"I would like that very much," Maya said, still moving her hips in the tub. "I think that would please Sir very much."

"Oh, that's for sure," Kyle agreed. "Then what else did you two do?"

"Two nights ago, I was hoping that we would be having sex, but instead, Sir just rubbed his manhood along my opening. He kept rubbing himself into me, and it kept feeling better and better for me, and at the end, he made me so crazy I don't know what happened."

"She squirted," I interjected, knowing how that would excite Kyle. "Like Old Faithful."

"Omigod!" Kyle said, bending over a little bit and clenching her thighs together, before confiding to Maya, "I am so wet."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Maya said. moving her arm off the rim of the tub, mistakenly thinking she had been splashing water on Kyle.

"You are so adorable!" Kyle giggled, enjoying Maya's innocence. "No, I meant my pussy was wet. You know, how you get when you get really horny?"

"Yes," Maya smiled. "I have felt like that all the time lately - ever since I met Sir." 

"Aw shucks!" Kyle exclaimed as Maya kept putting me on a pedestal. 

"Then last night, we did everything," Maya concluded. "He put himself inside me for the first time, and I could not believe it. I had so many orgasms that I lost count. He put me in every position imaginable, and even walked around the room while still inside me."

"Sounds like you enjoyed it."

"Yes, even though my husband was there watching."

"Oh, he's a cuckold?" Kyle asked, and of course Maya had no idea what that meant so I helped her out.

"He was that and more," I told Kyle.

"So you liked Erik fucking you?"

"More than anything. He lasted so long that after what seemed like hours, I finally had to tell him that I could not take it any longer."

"He does go on and on," Kyle commiserated.

"That was when he did the other thing." Maya said.

"Huh - what other thing?" Kyle asked.

"That was when he put his penis in my bottom."

"He fucked you in the ASS?" Kyle exclaimed loudly. 

"Yes," Maya said calmly.

"Why did you let him do that?"

"Because he wanted to."

"Stand up Maya," Kyle insisted, and after Maya got up in the tub, she had her turn around and bend over, and so I got to watch Kyle inspect Maya's hairy asshole, and got to hear her cry out when she put a finger into her.

"I guess you'll survive," doctor Kyle surmised after her visual and digital exam, and while Maya was up Kyle took the opportunity to take the hand sprayer and hose off Maya's soapy body. "Don't you dare tell me you liked him sticking that log of his up your ass!"

"It was fine," Maya said, turning around to let the spray get the rest of her.

"It had to hurt like hell," Kyle concluded.

"Yes, it hurt, but it hurt in a good way," Maya explained. "Besides, it gave Sir great pleasure, and I also had an orgasm."

"That's what counts," Kyle conceded. "Now why don't you sit on the end of the tub so I can shave your legs."

Kyle had a can of shave gel and a package of women's disposable razors, and she looked at Maya's legs while shaking her head.

"I'd love to bring you to my spa to get waxed," Kyle said. "My girl would die."

Kyle positioned herself next to Maya, and after squirting out a big wad of gel, began working it into her furry right leg. The gel became foam, and soon the foam extended up to her knee. Taking out a razor, Kyle began at her ankle and slid the sharp blade up Maya's calf.

"Maya, you have the hairiest legs I've ever seen or anybody," Kyle exclaimed as she swished the razor in the bath water and went back for another trip up Maya's leg.

"I know what I must look like to you," Maya said softly.

"Well, you're going to look awesome when I get done here," Kyle said, and Maya giggled as the razor smoothed some more skin. "Haven't you ever shaved your legs before?"

"Yes, I did when Tanish said that he wanted me to look like the American girls, but then I stopped because then he said I looked like a boy without hair."

"With those titties, and these amazing nipples?" Kyle asked, pausing in her shaving to reach up and cup Maya's breast. "You don't look like any boy I ever met. He must be an idiot."

"He was an idiot," Maya corrected her. "In my mind he no longer exists. I am Sir's now for as long as he wants me."

I smiled with satisfaction as I watched my protege assert her independence from her pathetic former master, and the devotion she was showing me. That combination was almost as stimulating as watching Kyle continue to knead Maya's little globe, and judging by Maya's expression, she was liking it too.

"Do you like me playing with your breasts, Maya?" Kyle asked, and Maya had a dreamy look on her face as she nodded.

"Yes. Your touch is so much different than Sir's - not better, but different," Maya said quickly. 

"Haven't you ever been with another woman?" Kyle asked.

"No, but I have been told that is something I should do, and that it would be alright."

"Is that right?" Kyle said, glancing back at me and winking. "Is that something you would want to do, or something you would do just because you were told to?"

"I would prefer to do it with someone I am attracted to," Maya admitted. "Someone, very nice and very beautiful. Someone - maybe like you."

"Me?" Kyle asked as if surprised. "You would want me to be your first woman?"

Maya nodded, her eyes fixated on the camisole and the massive breasts that strained to escape the skimpy garment.

"I feel your nipples getting even bigger," Kyle said. "They're incredibly large. Have you ever had anything attached to them - to abuse them or stimulate them?"

Maya was startled, her head jerking up at the question, and she seemed to be lost for an answer. She looked to me for advice, but the look I gave her left no doubt that she was on her own, but I was also listening intently for the answer.

"Yes," Maya said. "When I was younger. A friend of my father's did bad things to them - my breasts and nipples. He did what Sir did to me in his store room - suspended me in the air and did things to them and me."

"Did you like that - the things the man did to you?" Kyle asked, resuming her shaving.

"Yes," Maya whispered, looking at me. "I did."