 A (slight) change of direction.

Before reading this it's highly recommended that you read the earlier parts.

As I publish these accounts of my experiences with other women on a roughly weekly basis I'll be posting new photos showing what I was like at the time of the latest episode.

* * * * *

I never finished university. It wasn't to do with not being good at the work for I was scheduled to get a good degree. No it was the stultifyingly childishness of the whole thing. I just became disillusioned with further studying and after much rowing with my parents I left half way through my second year and got a job as a copywriter in an ad agency. If I'm truthful it was also to do with sex for I was becoming very sexually aware and the "boys" at uni. did just not seem mature enough for me and so I needed pastures new.

After my "fun" with the girls there I didn't have any other girly experiences at college. In fact I had very little girly fun at all for almost a couple of years I suppose. Sure like many sexually maturing girls I had a couple of snogs but nothing serious or really meaningful happened until I was well established in the ad industry. And then in, probably a six month period so many events did happen. Events that have come to change my life I suppose. Three were involved with women and one a man. The man that became my husband and who turned me completely off any form of women involvement for years. As you will read later though he was also the man that brought women back into my life sexually and could well be the reason why now I am probably as equally inclined towards my own sex than his.

But I have to back up a bit. What happened with Susie really was a big shock for me. It brought home to me that the feelings I'd had when messing around with the other girls were more than just fun. Yes the intensity of the feelings I experienced when Susie and I made love in Scotland, and on two or three more occasions, were so powerful that I did doubt my sexuality for a while.

I was worried and concerned that I was becoming lesbian and really for a while I couldn't understand myself at all. I had a few flings with guys I met but, in the main they were not that satisfying and, whilst by no means could I say that I hated sex with them, it did lack the passion and intensity of what I'd experienced with Susie.

So I was young, footloose and fancy free with a good, well-paid job in a big ad agency. It was fun, it was the late eighties, and I was attractive and had a great time. Yes I was fairly promiscuous but then that's how things were then especially in that sort of industry. I went to loads of trendy parties and for a few years was something of a good time girl.

I guess I must have been just over twenty one when the next girly thing happened.

I was working closely with a girl called Sharon who, if I was a bit of a good time girl, then she was the ultimate. Always at parties she had a string of men and seemed to have so much sex that I wondered how she kept up with it all. Although quite attractive with long dark hair she really was quite a big girl being around 5 feet nine tall and probably a dress size 14. She was large all round but, having said that, her figure was in proportion to her size especially her breasts that were simply huge, probably at least a 38D cup.

At that time I was quite slim and my boobs fitted very comfortably into a 34 B bra. It was only later after having had my daughter that they swelled up to their present 35 D or at some times DD.

Anyway we had both taken a bit of a fancy to one of the creative directors who had just joined the agency. On Sharon's birthday he asked her out to lunch and at around 3.30 I got a phone call from her asking me to cover up for her during the afternoon.

"Tom's asked me to go to a hotel." She told me adding, "So I'll be pretty busy for the next couple of hours as I'm going to fuck his brains out." 

Although a little disappointed that it was her with him rather than me I didn't really mind and said that of course I'd cover for her. 

It must have been two hours or so later that she rang again. 

"Why not pop over for a drink?" she suggested. 

I of course said no at first but she insisted and said.

"Come straight up to room 1608, Tom is awfully keen on you."

I almost didn't go but I was curious about what might happen for Sharon had on occasions made remarks that could have been taken to imply that she had been with women as well as men. I had responded to those in the way that girls do but neither of us had said anything that could have confirmed the others a suspicion, that is assuming she had any.

"Hi," Tom said after he opened the door to my knock. Clad just in a towel around his waist he smiled and said, "Come and join the party." 

Sharon was in the bed that was very rumpled and well used and was covered in a sheet that made it quite obvious she was naked. 

Oddly the atmosphere for some time was not that sexually charged for we sat around had a few drinks and just chatted about agency life and our colleagues there. Just as I was beginning to think that maybe that was all that both of them wanted and as I was thinking about bidding my farewells Sharon moved around in the bed a couple of times causing the sheet to fall from her breasts confirming that she was indeed naked and that her boobs really were enormous. Whether she did that on purpose and whether, maybe, she caught me looking at them I don't know but on the second or third occasion she didn't pull it back over her. As she sat straight up, the sheet around her hips and held her glass out for Tom to fill with wine, she smiled at both of us and said.

"What the hell, we're all friends here aren't we?" 

Tom was sitting in a chair at the end of the bed and I was perched on the side of it as that remark and her sitting there completely bare breasted suddenly made the atmosphere very highly sexually charged. 

"Well Tom, a little more than friends now aren't we?" she smiled. 

He nodded and also smiled looking at me as Sharon continued. "Well two of are, just Tom and me Mandy." 

I didn't know what to say so I took a gulp of wine to cover up but then heard her continuing.

"Pity we all aren't isn't it?" as she stared straight into my eyes.

Tom chimed in. "Yes a great pity." 

Sharon didn't take her eyes from mine for one second as she said quietly and a little croakily some of the most erotically arousing words that had until then ever been said to me. 

"Come on Mandy why don't you take your clothes off?"

That phrase crashed into my mind and has stayed with me ever since. It just seemed so bloody inviting and so appropriately arousing. I was a little drunk I suppose but that aside it was, I realised, what I wanted to do. They both looked at me waiting for my reaction and I think I may actually have milked that for a moment or two as, surprisingly calmly, I sat there and finished the half a glass of wine in one gulp looking from one to the other as I did so.

I was wearing a long, loose blue dress of the kind that was quite fashionable at the time. It was cut lowish at the top and fell almost straight down from the tips of my boobs to end half way between my knees and ankles. Standing, I looked from one to other as a courage I never thought I had took me over. I took hold of the skirt of the dress and in one slow, sweeping movement lifted it up and over my head. 

As I did I heard Tom say quietly. "Oh fucking hell." I knew what he and Sharon would be seeing for I was wearing just a bra and miniscule bikini panties both in a matching blue lace.

"Oh yes Mandy," he said as Sharon murmured, "yes that's my girl."

It was slightly uncomfortable for a moment or two but then Tom came up to me saying, 

"You look great Amanda and you know that I have always fancied you don't you?" as he ran his fingertips across my cheek. Sharon as always the wit and quite noisy said.

"Well for Christ's sake kiss her then."

He did then and it was lovely. His very evident erection pressing into the softness of my flat, and then unaffected by childbirth, tummy he gradually pushed me backwards until my legs were against the bed and then eased me down onto that right next to Sharon who had now given up any pretext of covering herself with the sheet. Tom and I were now kissing fairly avidly with our hands naturally roaming over the others body and I found this so exciting, largely I think, because Sharon was there as well.

Tom rolled me over so that I was on my side and as he kissed me deeply again and I felt my bra being undone and realised that it was Sharon doing it. As I broke the kiss I looked at her and, smiling and raising an eyebrow as if asking was that Ok, she ran the back of her fingernail right across the tip of my nipple. She must have seen the look of excitement on my face for her touch sent a complete explosion of feelings through me and I'm sure that my body must have jerked.

But Tom was now wanting more and was pulling me on top of him kissing and caressing me as the towel slipped from around him. It was such an enormous combination of powerful feelings to have a man kissing and caressing me as a woman took the waistband of my panties in her hands and slid the flimsy garment over my bum and down my legs. Now naked I realised that Tom would fuck me but that Sharon would be there and my mind could hardly take in the thrilling scene that presented.

Rolling me onto my side facing away from him he lifted my leg and pressed his erection between my thighs and right against the lips of my pussy. Sharon placed herself beside me her face close to mine her hands cupping my breasts. Just as Tom entered me so she kissed me. As he started surging in and out of me so she licked and chewed my nipples. As he thrust up and down inside me so her hands flittered over my body eventually finding my clitoris. And as he started on those longer slower thrusts that signify his imminent climax so she rubbed that piece of delicious gristle, kissed me and stroked my breasts. 

I was, I have to admit, a very willing participant to this and was kissing her back and touching her truly awesome breasts that felt so lovely and soft. I had hands everywhere and at times I couldn't tell which of them was doing what to my body. All I was aware of was that I had Tom buried deep in me and Sharon was loving me from the outside and those thoughts were in my mind as I orgasmed with a power that I had rarely if ever experienced before just as Tom exploded into the condom that he had thoughtfully put on.

We fell apart into a heap on the bed Sharon and Tom still touching me as he deflated and just lay there alone. But Sharon wasn't finished and if I'm truthful I wasn't either but we had another drink and smiling at each other agreed that it had been marvellous. They then told me that they had actually had a bet about me and that slightly infuriated me for a moment or two before they explained. Tom had told Sharon that he really did fancy me and the bet was that Sharon could get me to come over and join in, Tom had said that he thought I wouldn't. 

"So I lost," he smiled adding, "and boy am I pleased to do so."

As he got up to go to the bathroom Sharon rolled her fulsome body closer to mine and holding my face in here hands whispered softly, "and boy am I pleased as well," as we kissed. "I guessed that you would be up for it Mand," she murmured stroking my breast and pushing hers against me. 

"How?" I asked. 

She explained that it was just by the way that I looked interested when she'd dropped hints of having been with other women, adding, "after a time you just get to know a like-minded woman dear."

We embraced fully then our bodies grinding against each other, our mouths firmly clamped and our hands investigating the others flesh. 

Somewhere in the background I heard Tom moving around and then felt his weight on the bed but I was too into Sharon to really care. It just seemed so right to now make love to her and the fact that it would be in front of a man, and particularly one with whom I'd just made love, made it even more exciting. 

And that's exactly what we did. Again, as with Susie, it didn't involve any real oral love but we both made each other cum by using our fingers as Tom looked on presumably becoming erect again by what he saw.

He then joined us and we made love to him. We made love with our hands and fingers our lips, mouth and tongues. And as we did so we made love together again. Feeling the rather hairy harshness of his legs, tummy or chest with one hand and the softness of Sharon with the other or the alternating differences of his erection on my lips to her breasts were really quite amazing feelings and made me happy that I could gain my sexual pleasure from two such different feeling sources.

And it was an incredible sensation to be holding a man's penis that had so recently cum inside me and to be easing that inside another woman who had also just given me an orgasm. As Sharon sat astride Tom and fucked him so I kissed and caressed her breasts and rubbed her clitoris while both of their pairs of hands were all over my body. As we all neared a magnificently mutual climax I had no idea whose hands were in me or whose lips were around my nipples. All I did know was that the wonderful intimacy of the three of us created an explosion in us that was truly fantastic.

I was beginning to realise now that my attraction to other women was stronger than I'd earlier believed. I had many a sleepness night agonising over whether this meant I was now, or would in the future become, a lesbian. Time and several more experiences with other women provided me with the answers to that. And those I'll explain in the future episodes of Me and My Girls.