 My eyes blink rapidly trying to adjust to the invading sunlight as it begins filling the bedroom with its warmth, my eyes finally able to focus on the tableside clock before turning to fix on Ashley lying next to me sleeping. My mind instantly remembers the events from the previous night. Ashley asking me to sit on the edge of the bed as she inserts a cd into the player, careful to block my view leaving me puzzled. My laughter and anticipation filling the room as T-Pain's "I'm in luv wit a stripper," pours from the speakers. Her robe slipping to the floor with her back to me as her hands explore every inch of her body, teasing me, her body inches in front of me as she bends over as if touching her toes her perfect bottom literally in my face. My mind fixates on the erotic movements from the night before, the way her lingerie fell to the floor after receiving my own personal lap dance, the bass pounding through the speakers.

Now, watching her while she sleeps, I'm in awe of her beauty. Still my heart skips a beat and my breath catches in my throat. "Morning," she greets me, her voice barely audible yet still able to startle me while her eyes remain closed.

Grinning, I carefully brush aside strands of long blonde hair from her face. "How did you know?" I whisper softly. 

"I always know when your eyes are on me, I feel them." Her eyes flutter open, the blue in them brightening as they too adjust in the sunlight. 

"You have more than fifteen minutes, go back to sleep."

Her hand reaches for me, fingers brushing my cheek and my lips unable to help themselves, instinctively seek contact with them. Arms wrapping around each other's bodies, I gently kiss along her neck her head tilting back to accommodate my hungry lips, brushing along her jaw line, my lips finally arrive at their destination.

"I'm not so tired suddenly," Ashley chuckles. With my legs on either side straddling her body, I pull her night shirt up over her head, our lips passionately resume, while my mind continues to carefully play through the previous night's events. My hands cup and massage her heavy breasts as her own hand cups my panty-clad pussy, the pressure forcing the silky material to rub against my aching pussy, causing a loud moan to escape between my quivering lips into her hungry mouth. "Sit back," Ashley growls. I lean back while Ashley sits up removing my own shirt in one simple whoosh, my breasts bouncing freely inches in front of her face. "Mmm much better view." Her lips close around a hard nipple, her hand sliding into my panties, fingers rubbing my clit. My mind instantly becomes a blur once direct contact is accomplished, my arms wrapping tightly around her body for support as her fingers continue fondling my hard clit. Her other hand rests on my back, as her expert fingers move from my clit to enter my very center. Ashley tilts her head back, eyes watching my expression while her fingers move inside of me. My eyes tightly close, my hips keeping pace with her fingers now pumping steadily in between my thighs. "You enjoy my fingers stroking deep inside your pussy don't you baby?" My moans build, increasing in volume as seconds and then several minutes pass.

"I can't...much longer," I gasp, biting down hard on my lip not wanting to ride the wave over the edge just yet. Leaning forward, Ashley buries her face in my cleavage. My excitement trickles down my creamy thighs. 

"I know what you're thinking, you're thinking about the lap dance, your lap dance. The way your eyes focused intensely on my breasts, my hips, my legs, and of course...my ass." Her fingers pump furiously inside as the inevitable arrives. My head whips back, every fiber of my being is engulfed with my orgasm, my pussy squeezing tightly around her fingers holding them captive. Panting, trying to catch a breath, blinking as my eyes readjust I feel her withdraw her fingers and my eyes focus just in time to watch her fingers disappear inside of her mouth, her lips closing around the wetness. More juice spills out between my thighs as the room fills with her moans while she sucks on her slick fingers. 

The forgotten alarm suddenly buzzes startling me causing me to jump as Ashley laughs and winks at me. Her fingers pop out of her mouth and her body begins to move to the edge of the bed. Reaching toward the alarm, my hand slams down instantly silencing it. "Hell no," I declare Ashley laughing all the while. I grab her hand, her fingers still sticky and close my mouth around them. 

"I guess I have time for a quickie."

My fingers hook the side of her panties and slide them down her smooth legs and over her feet. Touching the material in the center, I feel a rather large wet spot. "If you didn't have the time, you would make the time," I confidently reply tossing the moist panties to the side. Watching the panties land on the corner, Ashley looks at me a huge smiling forming. "You bet." My hands resume their descent down her body, over her flat stomach, her tan thighs when her hand unexpectedly grabs mine, her eyes locking with mine when she demands, "Don't tease me, fuck me." 

For a split second I freeze with shock at never having heard Ashley speak this way before, but unable to deny the instant gush those very words sparked. I slide down her perfect body and begin sucking on her clit, my fingers stroking inside. Her hips forcefully push her center against my face, my tongue working on overdrive trying to keep up before being rewarded with a flood of her juices spilling from her center. I decide to continue without pause, her hand suddenly on the back of my head as she rides my face to her second orgasm. Gasping, I barely hear her ask me to come to her. For two minutes we cuddle in the glorious afterglow before Ashley starts to get up out of bed. "Hold on a minute," I grab her hand. "What was that a moment ago?"

Grinning she replies, "Just an idea I had, turn you on did it?" she inquires raising an eyebrow. Pulling her body to me, I kiss her softly and remind her of the obvious. "One look at you is all it takes." This time she initiates the kiss. "I need to shower this minute, or I will be late for work." I nod and release her watching as she hops out of bed and hurries into the bathroom, breasts bouncing, ass swaying, turning me on all over again. 

When I enter the bathroom, Ashley is already in the shower. "It's Friday, tonight we should go out, you still haven't been to Swirl." I turn on the water faucet and grab a wet wipe. "That sounds great, tonight is ladies' night," she answers over the sound of running water. 

"You want me to make you breakfast, something to go?" 

"No thanks. There's always food at the office, usually bagels. One of the many perks I enjoy."

"You still enjoy going to the office, this job must be a keeper then?"

The water abruptly shuts off and instantly the curtain whips back. Without hesitation my head turns, my eyes drinking in every inch of her dripping beauty as if in a trance. Grabbing a towel, Ashley dries off and wraps the towel around her body and I pout once all is covered. Ashley steps out and turns to close the curtain, her towel falling and exposing her backside. I certainly don't miss a beat and appreciate the chance to continue admiring her body openly before lifting my eyes to hers, a knowing smile on her face. "Another quickie?" I offer.

"Yes please, but it will have to wait."

I was afraid that might turn out to be the answer. Oh well no harm in trying. "Coffee?"

"That will do, thank you."

I step forward closing the gap between us and place a finger under her chin. "I love you." A tender kiss and my thumb delivers a gentle caress on her lower lip before reluctantly withdrawing and allowing her room to get dressed. I exit the bathroom and hurry to the kitchen to begin the coffee. Ashley appears in the doorway as I'm pouring in the creamer. I pass the coffee to her and in between sips of my green tea I inform her, "The 110 to Pasadena is clear, no accidents." 

"Thank goodness."

"Just the usual Friday morning traffic to contend with."

"That's bad enough. Sandra is booked all day today and Monday she is due in court most of the day. I must say the experience is excellent and I'm learning about family law." Ashley looks around to make sure she isn't forgetting anything and then runs her hands over her skirt smoothing it as if there were a wrinkle present. 

"What time today?" I eagerly ask as I accompany her downstairs to the garage. 

"Before 5:00."

"I'm not sure I'll last until then."

"I'm not surprised," she remarks throwing everything into the car and then folding her arms in front of her chest. "After the amount of time you spent staring at my body in the bathroom, I bet you can't wait to see me."

"Guilty as charged. After two months together, one would think the passion would settle down a bit between us, instead I want you more than ever. I can't help but to look at you constantly."

"I didn't say you were looking, I used the word staring."

"You're gorgeous Ashley, stunning."

Leaning into my body, she whispers in my ear, "I do believe you've told me this before at a certain shopping mall inside of a certain clothing store." She gently blows into my ear, her breath sending shivers down my spine as always. She kisses me. "I love you Casey." 

Waving, she drives down the street heading towards the 110. I hurry upstairs and straight into the shower. Hours later, inside my office, I hang up the phone and steal a glance at the clock before increasing the volume on the radio in time to hear the traffic report. I listen closely as I fax the appropriate paperwork to the bank. Heavy congestion and one accident, fortunately further on down the 110. Closing the programs still open on the computer, I hear the doorbell and walk downstairs thinking it must be UPS. I look out the peephole and am surprised to see anything other than someone dressed in brown. Knowing a woman is standing outside and little else, I open the door. 

"Yes?"

"I'm looking for Ashley?"

"I'm afraid she isn't here right now, but I'm happy to take a message. You are?"

The woman standing before me doesn't respond, her expression remains carefully neutral, her eyes never leaving mine. Her brown hair is cut short and while not beautiful, standing here dressed casually in jeans she is attractive. 

"You're Casey." 

It's not so much a question as a statement.

"That's correct and you are?" 

Silence ensues for a minute before she finally answers. "Mary."

My eyes widen before I have a chance to hide my surprise. I stand staring at her before finally asking her, "What are you..."

"Is Ashley inside?"

The shock rapidly disappears, my eyes narrow not appreciating being cut off mid sentence and in a neutral tone I respond, "My answer remains the same as before, no she isn't."

Her eyes wander up and down my body, her face continuing to remain neutral, hard to read. "When will Ashley be back?"

"I'm not sure." It was lame answer, but not a complete lie. Perhaps she would stop off somewhere on her way home, or traffic would worsen?

Shaking her head, Mary turns to walk back to the driveway. "Fine, I'll wait for her."

I, too, shook my head not keen on the idea of her ambushing Ashley when she arrives home. Without thinking I call out, "You're going to just sit and wait in the car?"

Mary continues walking as she replies, "If you have a problem with that, I'll move my car to the street in front of your neighbors."

"It's hot outside and you may have to wait awhile."

"Thanks for your concern, but I'll be fine," she hollers and she slides into the driver's side and starts the car.

Now she is beginning to piss me off. A memory suddenly flashes through my mind of Ashley telling me about how she cried when she told Mary about us having been together. Crying only because she felt she should have broken up with Mary before her and I engaged in sexual activities. I also remembered Ashley telling me how Mary had propositioned her, me or Mary. I thought about that first day when Ashley and I had sat at the kitchen table eating duck and drinking diet sodas as I pulled my cell from my back pocket and dialed Ashley's cell. Damn, straight to voicemail. I let out a deep breath and began walking to the end of the driveway motioning for Mary, who is patiently sitting inside of her car parked in front of the neighbors'. She gets out as I holler, "This is ridiculous, if you are determined to wait for Ashley, then you will wait inside with me. When Ashley arrives home you can say whatever you came here to say."

We walk up the drive in silence not that I had expected her to say a word when suddenly she whispers, "Thanks." 

This day is just full of surprises another of which is the black Honda approaching and honking. I instantly turn my head in the direction of the horn in time to see Ashley smiling and waving. Her hand becomes still, mouth beginning to drop open. Whipping into the drive, she kills the engine, the door flies open and Ashley jumps out taking long strides across the drive. I knew she wouldn't be happy when she saw our guest, but I honestly didn't understand the degree of anger present on her face. 

"That better not really be you Mary." She arrives at my side pushing her Oakley's on top of her head, her angry eyes staring holes through Mary. 

Mary's eyes never leave Ashley, her expression suddenly becomes apologetic, all the confidence and strength from before vanishes. If I didn't know better, I would say Mary had expected Ashley's reaction. "You look..." her eyes roam down Ashley's body, "Fantastic." 

I step forward, but Ashley holds out her hand. "I can't believe you are actually here." Pausing to shake her head, "Why the hell are you here Mary?" Apparently it dawns on Ashley that Mary and I had been making our way inside because she points to the doorway and questions one octave below yelling, "Inside?" Her eyes turn to me and for an instant my body stiffens, but her expression immediately softens. "Inside?" she questions again, but this time her voice is much softer. 

"Mary refuses to leave without speaking to you and I was hoping to spare you this ambush."

Her eyes glare in Mary's direction once again. Mary takes a step towards Ashley, her arm held out. Ashley doesn't flinch instead she demands, "What? What do you feel you must tell me?"

Mary looks at me, her face somehow neutral and I actually begin to feel sorry for her. I flash back to when Ashley told me how Mary had a gift of seeing the good in everyone and Ashley supposed it was because of this gift that Mary was able to live so carefree, never seemed to get angry or lose her temper at anyone. Right now all I want is to understand the reason behind Ashley's anger. In a firm voice Mary asks, "Do you mind giving us a minute alone?"

Before I have the chance to respond Ashley cuts in, "No, Casey isn't going anywhere. Continue."

Looking around to see if we have any witnesses, I calmly suggest, "Perhaps it would be best to move this inside?"

Ashley looks at me dumbfounded. "You're kidding?" Placing a hand on Ashley's shoulder, I lead her off to the side. "Doesn't it bother you that she is here?"

"More than you can imagine."

Staring up into my eyes Ashley asks me again, "You were really going to invite her into our house?" There was no anger behind her eyes, just a need to understand. "I wanted to spare you this exact ambush. I was hoping you would see the car and realize we had company and once I heard the garage open, I was going to meet you downstairs and warn you. At least give you thirty seconds to prepare." Ashley nods, her shoulders relaxing as she lets out a drawn out sigh. The need to wrap my arms around her is almost too much to bear. I want to kiss the pain visible on her face away and cuddle against her protecting her. Instead I ask her, "What am I missing here?"

Ashley stares up into my eyes, the pain melting back into anger. "Not now, I will tell you later I promise."

Seconds tick by, but I don't question it further. "She is here and we are already this far along. Let's just go inside where at least it's air conditioned, listen to what she has to say and then send her on her way and enjoy the weekend together. Okay?"

"Sounds like a plan." We grab a hold of one another's hand. "Wait a second. You mentioned a car in the driveway, what car?" I point to the car parked in front of the neighbor's house. "What is it doing over there?"

"Don't ask."

We approach Mary hand in hand, her eyes clearly upset, but she follows us inside without a word. Ashley points to the chair and she and I sit down together on the couch while Mary continues to stand. Ashley finally looks up at Mary and Mary takes it as her cue to begin. 

"First and foremost, I miss you Ashley. I know we've been through our share of the bad, but there is also so much good and I want you to give us another chance. I know you are with someone new and I know how things were...left...between us, but I want another chance."

Shaking her head Ashley coolly replies, "No Mary. We have been up and down this road countless times. Our relationship was wonderful for a time, but it has obviously run its course. I'm with Casey now and I'm happy. Please believe me when I say I truly hope you find someone who makes you as happy as Casey makes me."

Tears are now forming in Mary's eyes and she must blink several times to keep them at bay. "For the past two months I have worked hard to make the changes in my life you had asked of me before. I have a new job that I'm pleased with and I enrolled in college. I am happy with the changes I've made, but I did it for you. Tell me it's not to late, please?" 

"Mary I'm not sure how to make this clearer. What we had was wonderful, but our relationship has run its course. The spark, connection, what have you burned bright for years, but not now, not anymore. I'm sorry."

Mary reaches for Ashley so quickly Ashley nor I had time to respond. Holding her hand Mary whispers, "It doesn't have to end like this. Like it did." 

As soon as Mary mentions the past, that spark of anger returns in Ashley's eyes, and she yanks her hand back as if she had nearly touched a snake. "No!"

"Why are you so angry with me?" Mary demands, anger now present in her voice. 

"I come home and find you here completely out of the blue, talking with my girlfriend and doing god only knows what." Ashley stands from the sofa and I follow as well sensing something is about to happen, the pain evident on her face. "I try not to think about it and being here with Casey makes it easier, but I will never forget and seeing you when I pulled up...it just reminded me and the entire event played before my eyes so clearly and I was reminded how I was too shocked to do or say anything then so I let you have it today."

Something passes in Mary's eyes, perhaps embarrassment, shame, or both, but whatever it is only served to fuel her flames. "You cheated on me, unless you have conveniently forgotten that!"

"I know that!" Ashley screams stepping forward, closing the gap between them. "I have apologized repeatedly, and I know it hurt you, but I didn't deserve your reaction, your... punishment."

"You broke my heart! My supposed wife betrays me so yes I was pissed excuse me, would you have preferred I didn't give a damn?"

Ashley is now visibly shaking. "You told me I was a street whore, nothing more than a regular fucking street whore and then you slapped me. I was too shocked to do something so I lied there on the floor stunned, I mean you never lose your temper, let alone...and with me no less. And if that wasn't enough when I stood up, you just had to slap me a second time."

My eyes are wide with surprise, my body frozen as everything sinks in and with realization comes fury and I launch myself at Mary. 
