 All Characters are above 25 years of age. I would like to thank my Editor William Bryan for helping me out with everything, Thanks so much! I hope you guys enjoy the story.

*****

It was a warm humid day, Alika was on her way to work and was boarding the metro from Chakala station where she lived. She worked for a financial firm across town. It was rush hour and even the ladies section was almost full. She squeezed in the metro and came face to face with a pretty girl. She had dark brown eyes, plump lips and a wide smile on her face. 

It was rare to find someone smiling at you in the Metro especially when they are standing face to face and inches away from each other. She was feeling shy and wanted to look away but somehow couldn't take her eyes off the pretty girl standing in front of her. Alika was taller than average and was towering over the pretty girl staring back at her. Finally their station arrived and both got down. The crowd pushed them apart and both lost view of each other. 

That day at work Alika smiled all day, she felt happy and had no idea why. She knew there was no possibility of seeing that girl again and wished she had asked her name at least. She got busy with her work and forgot about it. Her days were usually busy, working as a financial planner for big names came with a price. Some days she would finish work early and be on her way home by seven, this was one of those days. By the time she reached the metro station it was almost 7:30pm. 

There was time for the next train to arrive and the station was relatively empty. She reached in her backpack and took out her iPod. Before she could hook it up she saw that girl again, she was walking towards Alika and smiling, a very seductive yet devilish smile. Alika stuffed the iPod back in her bag as the girl stood right in front of her. 

"You don't remember me, do you?" she said to Alika.

"Umm, I am not sure. I'm sorry my memory is a little weak, have we met before?"

"Yes we have, two weeks ago at the event organized by The L Girls, Meghna introduced us at the bar. Do you remember now? 

"Ah yes, I remember, I am sorry I cannot recall your name."

"It's Kayla, nice to meet you again Ms. Alika."

"You remembered my name, I feel so embarrassed right now."

Kayla started laughing but Alika's cheeks were turning red. Kayla reached for Alika's arm and rubbed it reassuringly.

"It's ok, it happens. Hope you will remember it next time."

Alika felt a shiver run through her when Kayla touched her all of a sudden. She did not react at that moment, just smiled and blushed. 

"The train is about to come, do you mind sharing your number with me? I would like to make up for this memory loss debacle and invite you for coffee sometime." 

"I would like that" said Kayla and shared her number with Alika. 

Finally the train arrived and they both got in, it was not as crowded as in the morning. They couldn't talk much during the train ride, but occasionally looked at each other and smiled. Alika got down at her station and watched Kayla leave. As soon as she reached home Alika added Kayla on whatsapp and started a conversation. 

(Alika)

"Hello there!"

(Kayla)

"I see you found me."

(Alika)

"Yes I did.

I really feel silly for not remembering you.

Would you like to meet for coffee tomorrow at 2 PM?"

(Kayla)

"I would love to, can you pick me up from work?"

(Alika)

"Where do you work?"

(Kayla)

"In front of you...

I mean your office hehehe."

(Alika)

"Really? How come I never saw you there before?"

(Kayla)

"As if you know everyone in the entire building."

(Alika)

"Haha not really but they are our client, so I do know a few."

(Kayla)

"Ah is that so. I work in the marketing department, I doubt you know anyone there."

(Alika)

"Um.. I do know Mr. Harshal, is he your boss?"

(Kayla)

"No, I am his boss." 

(Alika) 

"Ohh, I didn't know.

You don't look that old."

(Kayla)

"Hahahah I am not. My dad owns the company and since I did my masters in Marketing management he asked me to take care of that department."

(Alika)

"Ah is that so..

So why do you travel in the train?

I am guessing you might have cars lined up for you."

(Kayla)

"I wanted to see you.

Lol I am not a stalker, but I saw you take the train once, I thought it might be fun taking the train and I might also get to meet you."

(Alika)

"I didn't realize I was that popular.

Why didn't you come meet me when I visited 4 days back?"

(Kayla)

"I was not in office, otherwise I would have."

(Alika)

"I have to go now, my mom is calling me, will pick u up tomorrow at 2."

(Kayla)

"You still live with your parents?"

(Alika)

"Hahaha not really, they are just visiting since their house is renovating. Will stay for a few months. 

See you tomorrow.

Goodnight."

(Kayla)

"Goodnight."

It was almost 1:30pm, Alika kept looking at her watch, and it felt as if the time had purposely slowed down all of a sudden. She tried to get busy with work but couldn't concentrate at all, finally gave up and texted Kayla.

(Alika)

"Are you busy?"

Kayla responded after two minutes.

(Kayla)

"Not really, I cleared my schedule for our coffee date.

Umm.. I hope I am not assuming too much, it is a date.. right?"

(Alika)

"Yes *blushing*

Should I come pick u up then?"

(Kayla)

"Yes, I am waiting."

Alika packed her bag and rushed out of the office, she was feeling really excited and couldn't wait to meet Kayla. She reached the floor where Kayla worked and the moment the elevator door opened saw her standing right in front. She smiled and got in the elevator.

"I feel like a teenager, sneaking out of work to meet someone like this" said Kayla

"I was thinking the same thing."

"I like it though, makes me feel young again."

"Were you coming downstairs to meet me?" Alika asked curiously. 

"Yes, I was tired of waiting so I thought would come and meet you instead."

"I couldn't wait either, the time was going more slowly too. So where do you want to go?"

"I was thinking Barista, near bandstand?" 

"Oh, won't that be too far?"

"We will take my car, I was hoping we could see the sunset."

"Oh, I will have to inform my boss that I will be back late."

"Or you can tell him that you are with a client and will be busy rest of the day." Kayla winked at Alika.

"I guess I can."

They both got in the car and headed towards their destination. Bandstand Promenade is a kilometer long walkway along the sea on the west side of Bandra, a suburb of Mumbai. The sunsets there were beautiful and most couples love spending time there with their partners. 

They had some coffee and talked about their interests, their likes and dislikes, past relationships and the things people talk about on their first date. Time seemed to fly at that point, it was almost sunset time and they hadn't realized it. Kayla suggested they walk towards the sea and watch the sunset together. They walked hand in hand and sat on some rocks in a remote location. The sun was setting and they stared right at it, holding hands, like teenagers. 

Kayla looked at Alika, she stared right into her eyes and leaned in for a kiss. Alika moved in closer too and they kissed. Kayla moved in closer and kissed harder, she sucked on Alika's lower lip and bit it gently. They pulled apart and smiled at each other, their cheeks were red and so were their lips. 

"I want to confess something" Kayla said.

"I am listening, tell me."

"I like you, I mean I have liked you ever since I first saw you in that party, so I asked around and found out that you weren't seeing anyone at the moment. I wanted to talk to you but didn't have your number and felt it wouldn't be right if I asked someone else for it. So I waited and when I saw you in my office a few weeks back, I was very happy to find out that your company manages our financials. I don't know why, but I have had a crush on you for the longest time."

"I am flattered to hear this, I was intrigued to meet you too, but I remember thinking that you were out of my league and would never give me the time of day if I asked you out. So I didn't."

"You thought I was a rich stuck up bitch?" Kayla said with a grin on her face.

"I didn't mean to offend you, I am sorry if I did. I just meant that you were so pretty and gorgeous and I was... you know..." Alika didn't finish her sentence.

"You were what? You underestimate yourself, I like you black eyes, the fact that you are taller than me, and stronger, I like it when you are shy your cheeks get red, I like everything about you."

Kayla pulled Alika in for another kiss and they made out for a few minutes. Finally they let go of each other and headed home. 

"When can I see you again?" Akila asked.

"Whenever you want" Kayla said smiling.

"Can I call you tonight after I finish some work?" 

"Yes you may, as a matter of fact you should."

Kayla dropped Alika home, they said good-bye with a peck on the cheeks. 

They started meeting regularly, would have lunch or dinner together. The more time they spent together the more they liked each other. They would hide and make out in the office bathrooms or in the car parking. With their increased interest was their increased need to touch and feel each others bodies.

One evening Kayla asked Alika to meet in her office. Alika went to see her and was stunned to see Kayla in a sexy black dress. She asked what the occasion was and Kayla informed her that she will be attending a dinner with some family friends. She wanted to meet and apologize that they won't get to spend any time together that day. 

"There is a way you can make up for it" Alika said with a grin on her face.

Kayla understood what she meant, she called her assistant, asked her to make sure no one disturbs her, that she was in an important meeting. Kayla walked past Alika rubbing her shoulder against Alika to tease her. She locked the door and turned around, Alika was standing right in front of her. Alika grabbed Kayla and started kissing her aggressively. Kayla was pulling Alika in closer, her fingers were tangled in Alika's hair, pulling at it. Alika picked Kayla up and took her to the couch, she laid her down gently and started kissing on her neck. 

Alika's hands were roaming all over Kayla's body, they wanted to explore, go further than before. Their lips met and they both were kissing each other passionately; holding each other close. Alika's hand was on Kayla's thigh, she started going upward and slid her hand inside Kayla's dress. Kayla was going crazy, her body was heating up quick, and she was squirming under Alika's touch. Alika's hand was on Kayla's breasts, she was squeezing and massaging them gently. Alika was massaging her thigh between Kayla's legs, and driving her crazy for more. 

Kayla's phone started ringing on the desk but it still did not stop them from continuing what they were doing. When it rang again for the second time, Kayla broke the kiss and asked Alika to stop. Very unwillingly Alika got off Kayla and got her phone. It was Kayla's assistant, she was calling to inform her that her dad was waiting for her in the car downstairs to leave for the party. Kayla fixed her clothes and her lipstick, kissed Alika one last time and said her good-byes. 

That night Alika couldn't sleep, she was still very turned on by the events of that evening. She started texting Kayla to let her know how she felt. She was teasing Kayla and sending her smiley kisses and hugs. At this point they knew they were ready to take their relationship to the next level. They made plans to get away for the weekend to Goa, to spend some quality time together and do some water sports. 

The weekend had finally arrived. Due to their busy schedule they couldn't meet at all after that evening but had exchanged a lot of sexting. The sexual tension between them was very evident and they couldn't wait to be together and alone. Kayla had asked her assistant to make all arrangements for the trip. 

Their flight arrived in Goa early evening and they went directly to the hotel. Kayla's assistant had booked a honeymoon suite in a fancy hotel near the beach. They instantly fell in love with the room and the view that came with it. Tired from their journey, they decided to take a warm shower and head out for dinner.

Alika was the first one to shower, while Kayla waited outside cooking up a devious plan to get her hands on Alika. Once Alika was out of the shower, Kayla backed her up against the wall near the bed. She started kissing Alika, softly at first, then more aggressively. 

Alika wrapped her arms around Kayla and pulled her in closer; she was naked under the shower robe. Kayla started parting the robe and let her hands wander inside it. Kayla's hands started feeling Alika up from her side to her back and then rested on her ass, she started squeezing Alika's bum and pushed herself into her. 

Kayla couldn't take it any longer, she wanted Alika, needed her. Kayla pulled Alika away from the wall and disrobed her, she stood there staring for a few minutes, admiring the sexy curves on Alika's body. Alika felt weird being the only one naked so she pulled on Kayla's shirt and started unbuttoning it. Kayla started sucking on the side of Alika's neck while she took her clothes off. After she was done undressing, Kayla she pushed her on the bed and got on top of her. 

Kayla had other plans, she held on to Alika while they kissed and then rolled over so Kayla was on top now. She quickly grabbed Alika's hands and held them up above her head; a handcuff was cleverly hidden under the pillow, Kayla quickly handcuffed Alika to the bed and before she could react in any way started kissing her again. 

After ten minutes of intense kissing and sucking tongue, Kayla got off Alika and headed towards the dining table where a bottle of champagne was cooling in the ice bucket. She popped it open and had a sip. Alika had no clue what was going on, it was making her anxious. 

"What are you doing?" Alika asked.

"I am getting the champagne ready for you." Kayla responded with a huge grin on her face.

"Are you going to do what I think you are going to do?"

"Yes my dear, I am going to pour this cold champagne on your sexy naked body and lick every drop with my warm tongue. Are you ready?"

Alika simply stared at Kayla, she opened her mouth to speak but no words came out. In a blink of an eye Kayla was on the bed, sitting beside Alika with the bottle in her hand. She took another sip and kissed Alika. 

"How does it taste?"

"Divine, like you."

"Mmmm... let's pour it on you then, are you ready?"

Alika nodded and Kayla started pouring the cold champagne on Alika's breasts. She kept the bottle on the side table and started licking Alika's breasts hungrily. She squeezed the breasts and bit on the nipples, her tongue made circles on the soft flesh. Alika was breathing heavily, every time Kayla bit her nipple a loud moan escaped her lips. After massaging, licking, biting and teasing the breasts for twenty minutes, Kayla picked up the champagne bottle again and poured some on Alika's stomach. 

The cold liquid ran from Alika's stomach through her pussy to the bed making her squirm on its way. Kayla quickly started licking the sparking champagne from Alika's stomach and licked her way down to her pussy. She got in between Alika's legs and spread them apart wide. She picked up the bottle of champagne again and poured it directly on Alika's pussy. Before Alika could even react to the cold liquid on her sensitive pussy which was burning up, Kayla started licking it off her. 

Alika was feeling helpless, she wanted Kayla to fuck her, but her hands were still cuffed and she couldn't pull Kayla's mouth where she wanted so she squirmed and begged. Kayla wrapped Alika's legs around her neck and got on her elbows, she placed her mouth on Alika's pussy and started licking it slowly in a steady motion. She slid her tongue inside and felt the heat emitting from Alika's body, she twirled her tongue inside which made Alika scream in pleasure. Kayla shifted her mouth in a manner to be able to suck on Alika's clit. She moved upward and placed her mouth directly on the clit, lightly sucking it, she slid two fingers inside Alika pushing her to the edge. 

Even before she could start pumping, Alika was screaming in pleasure, her orgasm had hit her hard. This didn't make Kayla stop, she kept sucking and all of a sudden started pumping her fingers inside Alika. There was no stopping Kayla, her fingers kept digging deeper, and harder with every thrust. Her assault on Alika's pussy was even worse, it was making Alika squirt all over Kayla's mouth. Kayla licked every drop of cum and kept sucking mercilessly. It wasn't long before another orgasm hit Alika. 

She had no idea this one would be harder than before, her whole body was shaking, it was getting difficult for Kayla to keep licking Alika's pussy and keep her on the bed. Kayla had to stop, let Alika breathe and calm down. She uncuffed Alika and laid beside her, her fingers were circling Alika's nipples. Alika turned towards Kayla once her breathing returned to normal. She pulled Kayla closer and kissed her lips softly, she moved closer to Kayla and traced her shoulder with her fingers. It was a sweet kiss initially but soon started becoming passionate. Alika knew if she didn't take the lead, Kayla will be on top of her again and she wouldn't get a chance to make Kayla feel good so she slid her hand between Kayla's legs and grabbed her pussy. 

Kayla was stunned for a moment and broke the kiss but Alika pulled her in for the kiss again and locked their lips together. Alika started massaging Kayla's pussy gently, her middle finger kept massaging the entrance whereas the palm was rubbing against the clit. She slid one finger inside and started pumping gently. Alika started biting on Kayla's lips, every time she pumped the finger inside she bit on the lip as well, intensifying Kayla's experience. Kayla was pulling Alika in closer, she broke the kiss once again and whispered in Alika's ear,

"Fuck me harder!"

Hearing Kayla's sexy voice woke an animal inside Alika. She thrust two more fingers inside Kayla and rolled her to get on top of her. She started sucking and biting Kayla's neck and fucked her with three fingers. Alika grabbed Kayla's breast aggressively and squeezed on it hard. Their moans were loud, bodies glistening with sweat and the room was filled with sounds of skin rubbing against each other. It wasn't long before Kayla was screaming as her orgasm hit her. She pulled Alika closer, wanting more and wishing the orgasm would never end. 

Finally they both let go of each other and lay on the bed staring at the ceiling. 

"I think we need to take a shower now." Kayla said giggling.

"And I think we should do it all over again, once we get out of the shower." Alika responded.

They both laughed and hugged each other, shared a soft small kiss and closed their eyes for a while. 

"I wish we could be like this forever." Kayla spoke first.

"Covered with champagne and sex?"

"Yes!!"

They both laughed and got up to take a shower.