 It was Valentine's Day weekend and my wife and I had made plans to meet a couple that I had been exchanging emails with. We had recently begun visiting a new adult couple club about twenty minutes from our home. It was a nice club with two levels and adjacent to a major hotel chain. I had my wife wear a gold sheer lace blouse without anything on underneath and a pair of loose fitting black slacks and no underwear. She was looking gorgeous as usual. The blouse was covered with some embroidery and rhinestones but her naked breasts were plainly visible underneath. 

When we arrived at the club I quickly noticed the other couple standing near the bar. They were an attractive couple and she was wearing a very sexy black mini-dress. Rob and I made the introductions and the girls were soon chatting away like to old friends. The night was progressing very nicely and we soon moved downstairs to the lounge area of the club. The lounge was away from the dance floor and loud music and it allowed us to talk without screaming. The lounge was also an area where couple went to play alone or with other couples. This was "off-premise club" but some of the couple played, as it was an "on-premise" establishment. My wife and I had been to the lounge before, and she usually ended up totally naked while I kissed and fondled her. 

I am very lucky... I absolutely love to have her get naked in public places especially when she can and will be seen by others; she is quite the exhibitionist and almost always indulges me in my requests. After a round of drinks and some small talk we all went back upstairs and the girls started to dance with each other, Donna and my wife continued to dance while Rob and I continued talking. Rob told me that Donna made it perfectly clear to him that she found my wife to be attractive and she wanted to be with her. Rob asked me what I thought and I told him that I never make that decision for my wife and it would be her call, and that I would "cool" with what ever she decided. I also told him that my wife had only one prior experience with another woman and it was a brief encounter at another club. After some more dancing and another round of drinks we went back downstairs to the lounge. 

While we were all talking and sharing a few laughs I could not help but to notice that Donna could not keep her eyes off of my wife. I then decided that I would slowly begin to undo some of the buttons on my wife's blouse. I took a very slow and deliberate pace and unbuttoned all but two of the buttons... that was all that was left before her breasts would be bared for Donna and Rob to see. My wife looked up at me as to say "what are you doing" I looked at her shrugged my shoulders and stated "What?" She just looked and smiled and then continued talking with Donna, as I began to play with one of her nipples. Donna's eyes became fixated on my hand and she lost her train of thought. I then decided it was time to undo the two remaining buttons and open her blouse up so both breasts and nipples were clearly visible. Rob called Donna over to his side of the table and whispered something into her ear. She then sat near my wife again and ever so slowly began to massage one of my wife's breasts and play with her nipple. My wife looked at me and I told her to go only as far as she is comfortable. She said okay and sat back a little in her chair. I had her open her blouse more so Rob could get a good view of both her breasts.

After a few minutes of playing with my wife's breasts Donna leaned over and asked my wife if it would be okay for her to suck on her nipples. Almost immediately my wife again looked to me for approval, and I said yes but only if she removed her blouse completely and then would suck on Donna's nipples. She agreed and Donna quickly began to lick and suck on my wife's breasts and nipples. I could see that some of the other couples now began to watch the girls. 

After a while my wife had Donna stand up and had her expose her breasts so she could lick and suck on them. This was so cool since I had never seen my wife lick and suck on another woman's tits. Donna began to enjoy it and within a matter of a few minutes both girls began embracing and kissing. Donna had my wife stand up and she pulled her slacks down only to be pleasantly surprised that she was not wearing any panties. Now here was my wife standing inside a club, completely naked, and having this woman that she just met a few hours ago touch, caress, lick and kiss her body. My wife sat back in the chair and Donna dropped to her knees and began to lick my wife's inner thighs and pussy. I told my wife that Rob and I wanted to watch her and Donna, and that she should show Rob and I see her moist pussy. She did not hesitate to oblige our requests and she positioned her chair so we could watch Donna lick her pussy, but before Donna was allowed to do so, she spread her legs and began to finger her slit for Rob and I to see. This continued for a little bit and soon Donna was completely nude as well. Rob then suggested that we all retire to the room that they had rented for the evening and the girls could continue on there. We all agreed and went to their room. 

When we arrived at the room the girls were naked on the bed within minutes. They began by kissing and touching one and another. Donna then got out a small vibrator and they took turns on using it on each other. Rob and I sat back and watched as both of them used the vibrator and fucked the other's pussy. It was the fist time my wife had ever licked another woman's pussy and she was a "natural" she used her tongue and fingers like a seasoned veteran. After about twenty minutes the girls called Rob and I over and we then began to play with our own wives. Rob entered Donna doggie style while she was licking my wife's pussy. My wife was sucking my cock and rubbing her pussy as Donna licked it. We switched positions and eventually all came. It was time for us to leave so I had my wife merely put on her long coat and I would carry her clothes for her. She readily complied and we all said good-bye until we meet again.

As soon as we got into the car my wife opened her coat and began caressing her body and playing with her pussy, all the while talking about Donna and how well she ate my wife's pussy. While we were stopped at a light an SUV pulled along side of our car and the driver was able to see my wife's naked body. She looked over at him and smiled then opened her legs a little more so he could get a good view of her pussy as she stroked her lips. When the light turned green he continued driving along side of our car for about a mile until he had to turn. I could not wait to get her home and ravage her sexy body.