 You picked out my clothes that night down to the lingerie and heels. Black dress, black bra and thong and thigh highs and strappy heels. You looked amazing in your black pants and black button down shirt. Your eyes sparkled when you said, "Tonight will be a treat, Leeza. You will be a little slut for us, won't you?" The 'us' hadn't been defined, but we had talked about finding 'her' whoever 'her' was. I wanted this so badly.

"Yes, Andy." I leaned up to kiss you - looking deep in to your eyes hoping they showed you how much I appreciate you giving me my fantasies. You kissed me sweetly understanding - then you kissed me again - this time taking possession - owning. I felt your kiss in my whole being. You took, you gave, you invaded my soul. Then, stepping back, you look me up and down and smile and lead the way down to the hotel bar.

We looked at her in the bar – she was stunning. Her long straight black hair down her back, bright green eyes sparkled, structured face, full lips all separately were stunning and put together took my breath away. She was petite but curvy. 

I looked at you and you saw it in my eyes. "You want her, Leeza? Is that the one?" I nod and look back to her. She walked knowing that she was being watched. She sat down and was immediately served by a waiter and even after he left was bombarded with admirers which she turned away. 

She looked directly at us. I looked at you and you didn't seem deterred. You took my hand and we walked up to her. She caught my eye halfway across the room and kept my gaze the entire time. We got to her table and she immediately asked us to sit down. 

"I'm Brianne." Her voice was sultry and came from deep inside her. 

We introduced ourselves and started making small talk. Brianne then looked at me and said quietly, "Is there a place we can go more private?" 

You get up and lead us out in to the lobby of the hotel and to the elevator. Brianne takes my hand, lifts it up to her mouth and places a small kiss and lick on my wrist sending waves of lust throughout my body and confirming that she, indeed, is the one for us tonight. 

She whispers in my ear, "I want you, Leeza," then kisses me on my neck sending shivers up my spine. Then you whisper so only the two of us can hear, "Let's share Leeza tonight, Brianne." Brianne looked first at me then at you, and said, "There is nothing I want more, Andy."

We get off the elevator and you open the door to the room - it's a large suite that has a mini office area with a desk, table and a few chairs, a settee and then the other room with the very large king-size bed. We walk in and you kiss me sweetly and whisper, "Enjoy." I couldn't believe how wet I was thinking of the evening to come.

Brianne came over to me and pushed my hair away from and leaned in to me. She was so close to me, I inhaled her scent. God, she smelled so good, musky – like her look. She moved her lips so close to mine, I couldn't help but move towards her. She brushed my lips with hers and they were so soft. Her tongue licked my bottom lip. I opened my mouth. She put her hands around my face and pulled me in to a deep passionate kiss – so different from yours. So different from any man's kiss – soft, delicate, passionate, feminine. She stopped the kiss and stepped back and looked at you. 

"I want her first, Andy, I don't want to share her at first. Is that ok with you?" She asked, knowing you were very much in charge of this situation. 

"By all means, Brianne. I will sit here and watch. I have some toys if you want them." You opened your bag and sat it next to the bed, then went in to the soft comfortable chair and started to watch. 

She turned me around and unzipped my dress and softly let it drop to the floor. She outlined my bra straps first with her fingers then with her lips. She kissed the outline of the entire bra – soooo slowly. Her mouth – oh God, her mouth was so soft and sent tingles of arousal all through my body. She deftly unhooked my bra and let that fall as well. Using her finger she circled first one nipple, then the other. She took first the left in her mouth, softly, hugging it with her mouth, then brought more force to her suck and I couldn't control my moans. I put my hand in her long thick mane of black silky hair pulling her towards my breasts. She moaned in to my nipple sending me to my first orgasm just from her lips there. She brought me to the bed and before sitting down, kneeled down and removed my panties. The thigh highs didn't have a garter belt and she left those on. We were lying on the bed and she started kissing me all over. Her mouth was driving me insane. I tried to return the kisses but she stopped me at each turn. 

"Not yet, Leeza, my turn." Her voice was so sexy it drove me crazy. Her mouth came down my torso across my navel, sending waves of pleasure to everywhere in my body. When her lips touched the upper inner thigh I thought I'd jump off the bed. "Andy?" she asked you.

"Yes, Brianne?" Your voice husky from arousal. 

"Leeza's having a hard time staying still. You have a solution in that black bag?" she purred her request, knowing what he'd do.

You get up from the chair and lean over me, kissed my lips and told me how erotic watching us was and how much you're enjoying it. 

"Let's heighten your senses a bit, Leeza." You reached in to the black bag and put the blindfold on me. And then take my hands over my head and use Velcro wraps around the headboard. You use very long silk scarves on my ankles to tie them to the bottom of the bed. "Is that what you had in mind, Brianne?" You sat back down.

"Perfect, thank you, Andy," she responded. 

She then started kissing from my ankles upwards. I was trembling with each touch. "Your skin is so soft, Leeza, and smells so good. I can't wait to taste you, Leeza. You want that, don't you? You can't wait til my lips touch you right there...." 

She took her finger and very lightly touched my clit. I flinched in pleasure. 

Her words driving me insane.... "Yesssss. I want you there, please." She slowly made her way up my leg and I knew she'd get there soon. Each kiss was soft and sweet and erotic. When her mouth reached my pussy, I thought I died and went to heaven. There is nothing quite like the touch of a woman – so delicate, feminine, erotic and sweet all at once. She knows just where to touch, to lick, to kiss to get the responses she wants. 

My orgasms came quickly and slowly and intensely and quietly – every way they could come – they did – over and over and over as I think I flooded her mouth. Her moans in my pussy kept me there too – the vibrations intense. When they finally subsided and she was laying next to me, kissing my mouth, letting me taste myself, using her smooth hand to calm my trembling body, she whispered, "You were delicious, Leeza. Now Andy and I can share you."