 It's always a nice surprise when I get messages from a female follower to my erotic fiction blog as most messages are from men. Her name was Brooklyn and I knew she was different from the start. Just 21 but she came across as a confident and intelligent girl so I knew we would get along. What I hadn't known at the time was that we would end up getting along so well that just a few weeks later I would be standing in a downtown hotel lobby waiting to meet Brooklyn for the first time. 

She walked into the lobby and spotted me right away. Walking over to me I couldn't stop staring at her beautiful long dark hair.

"Hi Jessica!" she said as we hugged and she gave me a kiss on the cheek. 

"Hi Brooklyn," I responded and followed up with, "and we can do better than that," as I kissed her lips. And there it was. That unexplainable chemical reaction between two people when their lips meet for the first time and they know right then that this is meant to be. Her kiss felt magical and at that moment I knew I wanted Brooklyn more than I had even realized. 

I took her hand in mine as we walked over to the elevator. An 8th floor room key already in my purse. We entered the elevator along with an older man in a nice looking suit. He smiled at both of us and asked us which floor we wanted.

"8th floor please," I said before turning to Brooklyn and kissing her lips again. Her lips parted and we kissed as we held hands. It must have been a very long acsent up those 8 floors for the man in the nice suit as when we stepped out of the elevator he had a huge bulge in his pants and a glazed look on his face.

"Have a nice night sir," I said as I imagined him rushing to his room and jerking off thinking about the two of us kissing.

We slipped into our room and after dropping my purse on a table I turned to Brooklyn and pushed her against the wall as we kissed passionately. She was 5 years younger than me and that must have been why I suddenly felt my usually hidden dominant streak rushing to the surface, as my hands slid up her sides until I was cupping her breasts through her pretty shirt. Brooklyn gasped and broke our kiss as I felt her nipples harden instantly as my fingers teased and pinched them gently. 

"Jessica! I meant what I said in our last chat on your blog. I want to be your little slut. I will do everything you tell me to," she said as she stared into my eyes. I just smiled at her and pulled her over to the bed. 

We landed on the bed in each other's arms. Kissing each other as our hands explored each other's bodies. Shirts being pulled off, skirts unzipped and tossed to the floor. Panties almost torn from each other. Oh god I wanted to fuck Brooklyn so badly. But first she was going to eat my already wet cunt. I pushed her down between my spread legs as I lay on the bed. Her hands sliding and caressing my body as I moaned for her. 

"Taste me Brooklyn," I moaned as I slid my fingers through her long hair, grabbing a handful of it as I guided her mouth to my pussy lips. Her tongue slid slowly up my slit. Parting my pussy lips and tasting my wetness.

"Fuck yes," I gasped as she reached up for my hand. Our fingers entwined as she licked me so good. She pushed her tongue inside me and I arched on the bed, moaning for her as she licked deeply up to my aching clit. As soon as she sucked at it my whole body trembled.

"Make me cum my little slut!" I gasped. 

I screamed as I came against her tongue. Holding her head by her hair, as she licked my juices flowing from my cunt. 

"BROOKLYN OH GOD!" I screamed as my orgasm shuddered through me. Squirming on the bed as she ate my cunt like a good little slut. I pulled her up to me and kissed her lips tasting my own cum, then flipped us over so I was on top of her. Slowly I slid to her side and gently kissed her soft skin from her neck down to her breasts. My tongue circling one nipple as I slid my hand between her spread legs and felt how wet she was. Pushing two fingers inside her as I nibbled on her hard aching nipple. 

"Miss Jessica!" she cried out and almost squealed with pleasure as I fucked her with my fingers. Sucking hard on her tit. Her pussy was dripping wet. That was when I reached down alongside the bed and picked up the toy I had secretly stashed in the room before she had arrived. 

I picked up the toy and let it trail up the inside of her thigh. It was hard, thick, and long. As I slowly slid the dildo between her cunt lips she gasped hard. I pushed it deep inside her as I sucked hard on her nipple. 

"Ooohh god fuck me with it... please!" she begged. I pulled it out of her pussy slowly then pushed it deep and hard. 

"How badly do you want me to fuck you with this Brooklyn? Tell me how badly," I said as I slowly pulled the dildo out of her horny little cunt. 

"Miss Jessica please! I need to get fucked. Please fuck me, please, please, PLEASE!" Brooklyn screamed. At that I crawled up and stood up next to the bed and showed her the rest of the toy. The straps hung from the dildo and Brooklyn saw that it was huge strap on dildo. I grabbed her arm and pulled her off the bed, telling her to help me strap it to my body. Brooklyn but her lip as she stared at the strap on dildo.

"Yeah that's right Brooklyn my hot little slut. You're getting fucked," I said as she started to help me fasten up the straps around my thighs and waist. The big black dildo stuck out from my crotch as I slid my hand over its length. 

"On your knees Brooklyn," I ordered her as I stared into her blue eyes intently. She obeyed and knelt in front of me. 

"Suck it slut!" I said and she smiled as she opened her pretty red lips and slid them around the end of the big thick cock. I watched as she slowly sucked it and looked up at me with her big beautiful eyes. No wonder guys loved this view so much, I thought to myself as I watched Brooklyn suck my big fake cock. 

I pulled it from between her lips and told her to get on her hands and knees like a good little slut. Brooklyn did as she was told. She got down and looked back at me as she gave her ass a wiggle. I laughed and gave her sexy ass a slap before grabbing the dildo and guiding it into her pussy. The sound of Brooklyn's moan as she felt herself slowly penetrated was the sexiest sound I had ever heard. I pushed in deep making her take all of it as I grabbed her hips and held her tightly, just how countless guys had done to me in the past. 

Then I fucked her. Oh my god did I ever fuck her. Pumping it deep and hard as I watched her dripping wet cunt lips grip its long length. Her moans and whimpers filling the room. 

"Say it!" i said as strictly as I could make it sound. "Say you want to be fucked Brooklyn!" 

"FUCK ME! Oh please fuck me, FUCK ME.. Miss Jessica... PLEASE!" she cried out as I took a handful of her long dark hair and pulled her head back. Watching her beautiful back arching as I slammed the cock inside her again and again. Fucking her, taking her, making her my own little dirty slut. Not stopping until she screamed and bucked back against me, her body shaking as I held her hips and pulled her back hard into the big hard dildo. Wanting to make her cum so damn hard as I fucked her as hard as I could.  

When she finally begged me to stop her pussy juices were dripping from her pussy and running down the dildo making a sticky pool beneath us. She was panting as she collapsed onto her side still trembling. Holding her hand out to me as I pulled the strap on from me and snuggled up behind her, my arm around her, cuddling her, wanting to hold her so tightly to me. 

My sexy beautiful little fuck toy Brooklyn.