 James, Flame, and I were lying in bed together. James had his arms around me, pulling me tight against him, but after several minutes I could tell from his breathing that he had fallen asleep, which left Flame and I smiling and looking into each other's eyes.

I spoke softly so I wouldn't wake James, "Would you like to go into the other room?"

I watched as she silently shook her head up and down then turned and gracefully exited the bed. I very carefully slid out from under James' arm and followed her out to the great room of the suite.

Once there, I watched as she slipped her tank top back on, which came down just a bit below the cheeks of her ass. I looked around and saw one of James' T-Shirts draped over one of the chairs and I slipped that on. As it passed over my head, I could smell his manly scent. I couldn't think of anything that turned me on more than how he smelled.

I watched as Flame looked around, studying the large suite and I instantly felt like a bad hostess. 

"Would you like something to drink?" I asked her.

"I haven't eaten anything since lunch, do you think there is a convenience store still open so I can buy a bag of chips?" She asked.

I thought for a moment, a bag of chips didn't sound like a good meal.

"I saw a menu on the table, what if we ordered something from room service?" I said.

"I don't have any money besides the hundreds that your boyfriend gave me, will they take cash?"

"Nonsense," I said. "You're our guest, and we'll just charge it to the room."

I looked into her beautiful green eyes and saw a look that I couldn't place easily. It was part gratitude, but more than that. I got the feeling that it had been a long time since someone had done something nice for her, or showed her any type of compassion.

I grabbed the menu off the table and we both sat down on the large couch, our thighs gently touching. We both looked over the menu for several minutes, and then I spoke softly.

"What looks good?"

"I think that cheeseburger would be perfect," she said, pointing at the picture in the menu.

I wasn't really that hungry because of the big meal I ate at the Gastropub earlier, but I thought it would be rude if I didn't order anything and made her eat alone. I leaned over and picked up the room phone and called in our order. Because James had put me on his hotel account, I was able to make purchases and charge them to the room.

There was a minute of awkward silence. How much do you pry and ask a dancer about her personal life, I thought. I decided to just treat her like I would anyone else I had just met.

"Have you lived in Las Vegas long?" I asked politely.

"About two years," she said hesitantly.

The way she replied made me think I might have overstepped the line with my question.

"We don't have to talk about that, it's not my place to..."

"No, Melanie, it's ok. Actually, it's nice that you care enough to ask," she said softly.

"I moved here from Omaha with my boyfriend. He was older than me, twenty-four when we met and we both dreamed of living in Las Vegas."

I listened intently as she continued.

"I was waitressing and he was doing odd jobs in Nebraska and we lived in his car a lot of the time, so Las Vegas seemed like the perfect escape. Once we moved here, he found some construction work and I was able to get a job in a small café as a waitress and we were even able to afford a small apartment."

A knock on the door startled me until I realized that it was our food.

"One sec, ok," I said, as I gently rubbed her thigh.

She smiled brightly at me, making me feel even more comfortable.

I walked to the door and opened it. The room service waiter smiled and tried to keep his eyes on mine, but I could feel them start to wander lower as I signed for the check, giving him a big tip like I knew James would. I didn't have a bra on and my nipples were poking through James' T-shirt, which I'm sure he appreciated. I smiled, thanked him and quickly shut the door.

I brought the food back over to Flame and we made a small picnic on the couch. Her cheeseburger looked delicious and it made me regret ordering a turkey and lettuce wrap. Between bites, she continued.

"Things were really good for a while, until....."

I could see the distressed look on her face and I squeezed her hand, reassuring her that whatever she wanted to tell me was ok, and she slowly continued.

"He started using drugs, meth I think, and began to gamble away our money. I would have stuck with him through that, until... until he hit me and I knew I had to leave."

I squeezed her hand tight, seeing the tears start to well up in her eyes.

"I stayed in a women's shelter for a couple of days and they helped me get back on my feet. I had just turned eighteen and I couldn't make it on my tips from waitressing, so about six months ago, I started to work at Sapphires. I know it's not the greatest job in the world, but I make really good money and I've been able to get my own apartment and a car."

I smiled sympathetically at her, happy that she was living life on her terms.

She asked me about my relationship with James and I told her everything. Well, almost everything. It was easy to tell her about our financial arrangement because she obviously had experience with that sort of thing. However, I couldn't bring myself to tell her how dominant and demanding he was, and honestly, how comfortable I was with it.

How could I explain something like that to Flame when I didn't fully understand it myself? The reality of my relationship with James was difficult to square in my mind.

I was supposed to be a strong, independent woman, capable of doing anything, setting lofty goals for myself and reaching for the sky to achieve them. In so many ways, I felt like I was doing just that. I was an honor student with a very high GPA and my advisor told me that if I didn't enroll in some type of graduate school once I had my degree, then I wouldn't be realizing my full potential.

That seemed to be such a juxtaposition to how I acted when I was with James. He controlled almost everything when I was with him, and what was worse, I freely gave him that control.

I was also trying to mentally sort out how I felt about him spanking me. Part of me was afraid to do something wrong because I knew if I did, he'd punish me, but there was also another side of me that didn't fear being spanked. I suppose if I was totally honest with myself, there were times when I longed to be over his knee again.

I very quickly became disgusted with myself, I wasn't a child anymore yearning to be over my father's knee. I was a grown woman and I had to be 'sick' for even thinking like that, so I quickly put that thought out of my mind. 

I also found it so odd that no matter what he did, or what he wanted me to do, my only aspiration was pleasing him. Was it wrong for me to find so much pleasure and contentment in making him happy?

I looked into Flame's sparkling green eyes and it broke me out of my thoughts. I wanted to know more about this beautiful woman sitting next to me.

"May I ask you a question?" I said hesitantly.

"Ask me anything Melanie."

"What is it like to dance at Sapphires?"

She paused for several moments thinking. 

"It was very difficult at first. I know you probably wouldn't think it, but I was very shy growing up, so dancing in a G-String was very difficult for the first couple of weeks. But then I got regulars who come to the club to see only me, and you learn to adjust to it, so slowly, I got comfortable with it."

I loved how open she was and that she was willing to share this part of her life's story with me. 

"Since you are asking about my life... What's it like taking money from a rich older man?" she said smiling, as she gently teased me.

"We are kindred aren't we?" I said, thoughtfully.

"Sometimes it's difficult. I told my friends about him which I think now might have been a mistake. They say they are all right with it, but, sometimes they look at me differently, and I guess I wonder what they say about me when I'm not there."

I thought for a moment.

"He's very generous with me and I'm not used to having money, at least not like this, not this much of it, so there's some guilt but I'm trying to work through it."

"You have a very good situation going with him and most women I know, or I should say, who I work with, would jump at a chance for what you have, so don't feel guilty about it," she said.

I pondered her statement. 

I wasn't sure that I liked being compared to her co-workers. But, was I really any better than the girls she worked with? My relationship with James wasn't as public as dancing in a G-String in front of hundreds of men. However, there weren't that many degrees of separation in how they were making money and how I was making mine. 

"Do you... um... do... this very often?" I asked.

I felt embarrassed for even broaching the subject, but I was curious to know, and she seemed very open about sharing her life with me. It felt like she was the first person who could relate to what I was doing with James and who I could actually talk to about being in this type of relationship.

"It's all right," she replied, "I said you could ask me anything. There is a casino executive that I see a couple of times a month, and a CFO from the East Coast that I spend time with when he's in town," she paused, "but I'm very selective." 

I looked into her eyes, hanging on her every word.

"Working at Sapphires, I always get a lot of offers, but most of them are from young guys who either want an actual romantic-type date, or they say they have money when it's obvious they don't."

"But you thought James was different?" I asked.

She smiled, "The tea leaves weren't hard to read. Older guys aren't with women our age unless they have money, and he didn't even blink an eye when I told him it was $300 for the VIP room."

She had a point. I loved the first night I spent with James because it was something different and exciting. The next morning, however, I was ready to leave and the only thing that made me spend the weekend with him, at least initially, was his money. Of course, I had developed much deeper feelings for him now, but would I have given him a chance if it wasn't for his money? The truthful answer was probably not. 

She continued speaking.

"I saw how he watched us while I was giving you lap dances at the club, so I wasn't too surprised when he asked me to join you both, and honestly, I didn't see a downside."

Our eyes met and I felt the sexual tension that had developed between us as we ate and shared very intimate, personal things, that were happening in our lives. 

I leaned in and kissed her softly, our lips melted together, and then I could feel the urgency as she wrapped her arms around me kissing harder, our tongues exploring each other's mouths.

We broke our hot kiss and I stood up and pulled her up with me.

"C'mon, follow me," I said playfully, taking her hand.

"Won't we wake up your boyfriend Melanie?"

"Let me give you the grand tour, which most importantly includes the second bedroom in the suite," I said saucily. 

I took her hand and led her to the smaller room in the suite. The large curtain that kept the sunlight out of the panoramic, floor to ceiling window, during the day, was open several feet and let in some of the bright lights of the Las Vegas strip. We stood at the edge of the bed facing each other and once again pressed our lips together as we kissed passionately. 

I opened my legs as she pressed her knee into my pussy and gently began to rub, while her hands move down James' T-Shirt, which she then carefully pulled up and over my head, removing it. I leaned in to kiss her again, but she playfully pushed me away and then looked into my eyes as she took off her tank top, exposing her beautiful, large breasts. 

As I sat on the edge of the bed, Flame began dancing seductively in front of me, moving her body to music that only we could hear. The muscles in her legs rippled as she swayed from side to side in front of me. Her eyes never left mine as I viewed the incredibly erotic display, her breasts pendulating, as she moved closer to me.

She extended her arms and I felt her fingers trace between my breasts, then down to my stomach, which immediately sent chills throughout my body. I opened my legs wide to let her step between them, her breasts level with my face. 

I watched as she leaned in, her nipple moving closer to my waiting lips. I opened my mouth to receive the little pink bud, but just as it was about to enter, she pulled away, teasing me.

She leaned in again, and then pulled away again, milli-seconds before her nipple would have entered my mouth. 

She smiled slyly, viewing the anticipation and frustration on my face.

Finally, she let her nipple pass between my waiting lips and I heard a moan escape her as I sucked greedily on the little pink nub of flesh.

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her tight against my body, rolling her nipple around on my tongue, feeling it harden in my mouth. I gently bit down on the little piece of flesh and then pulled my head back slowly causing her large breast to go taut until I opened my mouth and released it.

Our eyes came together again as she held my face in her hands and kissed me hard, which seemed to spur both of us on. 

She playfully pushed me back on the bed, my legs continuing to hang off the edge, touching the ground. 

I watched as she got down on her knees between my legs and started to slowly kiss the inside of my thighs as both of her hands moved up my body and rested on my breasts. She quickly found my nipples and started gently squeezing them between her fingers. 

I closed my eyes as I felt her mouth slowly approach my pussy at an agonizingly slow pace. Then, without warning, I gasped and cried out as she sunk her tongue inside me. I looked between my legs watching her head bob up and down at first, and then move in and out, her tongue never leaving my wet core. 

She licked the walls of my vagina intensely as I lifted my ass up off the bed and ground my pelvis onto her waiting tongue. I felt her wrap her arms around my thighs, holding me tight, then extract her tongue from my wet sex and use it to lap at my clit, causing lightning bolts to shoot through my body. 

I tried to hold my orgasm back, but I felt it rapidly building inside of me. 

"Yes baby, right there," I cried out, as her tongue flicked over my clit rapidly causing my body to shake and spasm uncontrollably in orgasm.

When I regained my senses, I felt her licking my wetness from the inside of my thighs.

I looked down between my legs and her face was covered with my secretions.

I watched her smile happily up at me. 

"Move back on the bed Mel, until you're touching the headboard," she said hungrily. 

I wasn't certain why she made this request, but after the amazing orgasm she had just given me, I was up for anything and didn't question her. 

I slid back on the bed until I was sitting up against the headboard, just as she had requested. 

She got herself up off the floor and joined me on the bed, sitting facing each other. 

I watched as she opened her long legs, revealing her pussy to me. I took a moment to drink in her amazing body. Her large breasts stood up proudly as I watched her chest expand and contract as she breathed. She had such a tight stomach and very well defined abs. My eyes moved lower to her vagina. She had puffy, pink outer lips that were engorged and revealed just a hint of moisture emanating from her shiny, wet inner lips. Above her vulva was a little tuft of red hair. 

I wanted to taste her so badly and I was barely able to control my raging lust for this woman. 

Our eyes met and locked onto each other. 

"Watch me, Mel," she said sexily. 

I surveyed the intensely erotic scene as it played out in front of me as she grasped her nipples and compressed and pulled them with her fingers, causing them to quickly regain their hardness.

Almost unconsciously, I uncrossed my legs and splayed them out around her. I moved my hand between my legs and ran a single finger through the lips of my vagina, teasing myself.

Her fingers moved down her body, using one finger to rub her clit, while the other dipped in and out of her pussy. 

After only a few seconds, I could hear loud squishing noises emanating from between her legs as she worked herself up into a frenzy. 

Watching her pleasure herself, was so amazingly erotic for me. I slowly ran my fingers over my clit, keeping myself on the edge without going over it, as I witnessed the sensual display in front of me.

As she moved her fingers in and out, harder and faster, I knew she had to be close to orgasming. I watched, anticipating her climax, wanting to experience my own with her when she suddenly stopped.

Our eyes met and a wicked smile came across her face as she slid in closer to me.

I watched as she grabbed my foot and pulled it closer to her vagina. I had no idea what she planned on doing until I saw her rub my big toe against her clit.

My mouth opened in amazement as she began moaning and writhing on my toe while she caressed her clit with it. I had never seen anything like this and I have to admit I was mesmerized watching her pleasure herself in this way. After a few minutes she stopped rubbing herself against it, and with my help she gently inserted my toe into her vagina and let go of my foot, giving me complete control.

Very cautiously, I gently began to move my toe in and out of her. I watched as she started rubbing her clit when I picked up the pace with my leg, working more of my toe in and out of her at an increasingly fast pace. 

I felt as if I was being hypnotized by this amazingly erotic display. Her moaning and writhing goaded me on as I moved my leg quicker. I listened to her gasp and cry out, as my toe sunk deeper into her. I watched as she lifted her ass up off the bed several inches and began meeting my thrusts with her pelvis. She was so into it, and that got me even more enthralled. I watched her climb the mountain as her body began to shake and convulse until she cried out and gasped in orgasm.

As she was coming down, I slowly moved my foot back extracting my toe from inside her. It amazed me how much she got into it. 

One of my former boyfriends in high school had an extensive foot fetish and he always seemed to incorporate some type of foot play into our sexual routine, but this was the first time I had ever experienced it with a woman, and I have to admit, that I found it to be incredibly hot. 

Once she had recovered from her orgasm, our eyes met again and we smiled sexily at each other. I watched in amazement as she grasped my foot and brought my big toe up to her mouth to suck and lick her juices from it. 

I was so worked up from her display that as soon as she released my foot, I playfully pushed her back on the bed and dove between her legs, taking her by surprise. She reached down between her thighs, wrapped her arms around her knees, and rolled back, lifting her ass up off of the bed and giving me perfect access to her pussy and asshole. 

I extended my tongue and made it long and flat as I pushed it inside her ass, causing her to cry out. Wrapping my arms around her thighs to hold her still, I pushed my tongue deeper inside her bottom and used my thumb to gently rub small circles over the hood of her clit. After only a few minutes, I heard her breathing change and I knew she was close to coming 

Just as she was about to release, I withdrew my tongue from her ass and latched onto her clit with my mouth, licking and sucking with reckless abandon. This added sensation was all she needed, as I felt her body tense up and then start to shake in orgasm. 
