 It was Amanda's first year at uni, she was no prude by miles, she had enjoyed flirting with the guys at her local college and nights out drinking while her parents thought she was at a friends house sleeping over, however, the thought of being in such close quarters with another woman all day, every day for a year did make her nervous. See Amanda regularly masturbated at home, she had a long thick pink vibrator shaped like a cock that she loved to fuck, she wasn't loud about it, but there would be no hiding the delicious noises she made, from her room mate, she would just have to use her fingers while this other girl was sleeping and then treat herself to the thick cock when she was out.

Another thing that made Amanda nervous was the thought of having a room mate who was all about being naked, you see, while having an amazing body, 5ft 9, a size 10 and full 34 B breasts, Amanda wasn't used to seeing other women naked or being naked around other women, even the showers at her college had doors on them so everyone got privacy. She just hoped that it was something she would have to deal with.

So, its about half past 12 and Amanda pulls up to Campus with her parents and a car full of stuff to unpack, they all go up to her new room and start piling in the boxes, having forgotten which box she put her vibrator in, Amanda declines her parents offers to help unpack and suggests all going for lunch somewhere on campus. Amanda's room mate hadn't arrived yet and she thought it best that she get some privacy when she did in case it was an emotional moment between her and her parents.

When Amanda got back from lunch having said a slightly tearful goodbye to her mum and dad, she went back up to her room, excited about unpacking in her new place, her little piece of independence, well sort of, sure someone else would be there, but there's nothing like a break from being under parental control.

'Hi, I'm Lucy!' said the beautiful brunette as Amanda walked through the door.

'Hi, I'm Amanda, nice to meet you' she replied. WOW thought Amanda, this woman was stunning.

Standing at around 5ft9, same as Amanda, she was beautiful, long wavy brown hair, deep brown eyes, olive skin and a tiny waist which looked so sexy in her flared leg hipster jeans and white tight tank top which showed off her perfect rack, she must have been a C cup at least, perky looking though.

Lucy and Amanda talked for quite a few hours as they unpacked together and really hit it off, they discussed backgrounds, childhood and boyfriends and then on a more serious topic, ground rules. They decided that if either of them brought a guy back, they would hang a tie on the door knob if the other was out to avoid any embarrassment on getting back home, very old school they thought but hey, a method that's lasted so why not? Lucy explained that in the hot summers they got in this part of the country, she didn't like to be in clothes all the time and felt much more comfortable naked, just what Amanda was hoping she wasn't going to have to deal with, at which point Amanda explained that she wasn't quite sure if she would be comfortable with that, so they worked out a common ground, nudity would be slowly worked in, from being naked when getting dressed to drying off after a shower, to sleeping naked and during the long hot days, Lucy would simply wear some cotton hot pants and short tops to keep cool until Amanda felt comfortable being naked and seeing Lucy naked, it seemed a good way for Amanda to get used to being naked around other women.

Once they'd both finished unpacking, they decided to go and get dinner somewhere nice to celebrate their first day at uni and their first day as room mates.

Over the months their friendship grew, they told each other everything, hung out every day and the 'tie on the door knob' system worked well, each of them being quite popular with the men on campus, but, they were of course ladies and so wouldn't go all the way with just anyone.

Lucy wasn't a virgin, she'd been seeing a guy at college for about a year, they'd started sleeping together after three months but slowly drifted apart, each concentrating more and more on studying, Amanda however, over the years had a few boyfriends, she was sexually active and had learned a lot of fun things from each of them, but knew that none of these were the men she wanted to lose her virginity to and so remained a 'technical virgin', basically doing pretty much everything but having sex.

It was a gorgeous morning after a serious night of partying, not feeling too hungover, Amanda sat up to see how Lucy was feeling, but looking over at her bed, soon realised that Lucy wasn't there. 

Lucy had a hangover ritual, go get a shower, tie her wet hair up and get to the nearest milkshake bar she could find.

'you'll never find anything better for a hangover than a milkshake Mands!' she would chorus as Amanda sat there taking pain killers for her headache and drinking her coffee, while Lucy, having had her 3 milkshakes, sat in a café for about 2 hours and read the paper, would bound around the room, cleaning and cooking delicious things to make Amanda feel better. 

'well well, what do we have here, an empty room.' thought Amanda. She had hooked up with a gorgeous guy last night, he was about 6ft, dark hair, had a toned but not muscley body and sexy stubble, they had kissed and flirted, fondled each other and done some seriously heavy petting. Amanda wore a short grey skirt and white blouse, going for the secretary look, which he clearly liked. They had been flirting and kissing when he made his intentions quite clear, he wanted to pleasure her body, he licked from her lips, all the way down her neck, through her cleavage, all over her flat stomach and all the way down to her pussy. He lifted her skirt and ran his tongue over the lacy blue material covering her shaved pussy lips, pulling the material aside and slid his tongue up her juicy slit, he licked and sucked her hard clit and pushed his fingers slowly inside her engorged hole. She laid back on the sofa bed she had been sat on the edge of, while he shifted to the floor, sitting between her legs he rhythmically finger fucking her sweet hole, lapping up any juices that dripped from her and sucking on her swollen clit, she was getting close when a knock came from the bedroom door they had locked, it was some people from the party, they wanted to get their coats which were locked in the room along with Amanda and her highly erotic moment. They re-arranged themselves and opened the door. Not wanting to look even more suspicious than they already did, Amanda came up with an excuse and asked that if they find a bracelet in the room, they find her and let her know. With a knowing smile the three women said the would and got their coats while Amanda headed back to the party.

Having been left in such an aroused state Amanda woke up horny as hell and was so relieved that Lucy was gone for her routine hangover milkshake. 

Amanda reached into her pillow case and pulled out her dearly missed vibrator, without missing a beat, she turned it on and pressed it against her bare nipples. She had been sleeping naked for the past week and found it was so much more comfortable in the hot weather than pyjamas. The vibrations rippled through her body giving her a pleasurable tingling in her clit. She kicked the covers off her hot body, spread her legs on the bed and slid her hands down to her wet hair free pussy. She smeared the pussy juice from her hole all over her pussy, her groin and her ass, she loved the feeling of being wet all over. She started to rub her clit in small but fast circles while swapping the vibrator from one nipple to the other. She was really getting into it when the door, adjacent from her bed. opened and Lucy walked in. Amanda curled up trying her best to hide having thrown the covers onto the floor as Lucy stood there in shock

'Quick closed the door!' Shouted Amanda rather embarrassed.

'Oh yeah... erm... sorry.' said Lucy, quickly turning and shutting the door, the Yale lock catching behind her.

'Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, I'm so sorry, I thought you were out and I was so horny and I wouldn't have done it if I thought you would be back soon and I'm so sorry!'

Lucy started to laugh, 'Don't worry about it, we all do it, I'm not bothered, it was just a bit of a shock to be honest.' she said in her best 'don't worry' tone of voice. 'If I'm honest, I've needed to do that for the past three days but there's been no good time to... look, I know its weird, but, would you mind if maybe I did it too, if you do just act like I never said anything, but I havn't had an orgasm in days and I'm so desperate.'

'erm... yeah I guess... OK, go for it, I mean it wouldn't bother me, like you said everyone does it, its just a bit embarrassing getting caught.'

Lucy went and laid on her bed which was next to the door, so pretty much directly across for Amanda's, shimmied out of her jogging pants and tank top and lay naked with her legs spread on the bed. She sat up, with her back on her headboard, Amanda did the same. 

There they were, both naked, legs spread laying across from one another, admiring each others bodies. Amanda had never been so turned on in her life and Lucy could say the same.

'OK, so we're going to do this for real?' Asked Lucy

'It looks like it' replied Amanda in a slightly husky aroused tone of voice.

Both women started to touch their bodies, exploring themselves, rubbing their nipples, running their hands over their flat stomachs and caressing their wet pussies. They never took their eyes off one another, they were both moaning as they circled their clits and played with their nipples, pushed their fingers in and out of their hot wet cunts.

'Hey Amanda' said Lucy 'would you mind if I did this on your bed with you?'

'not at all' said Amanda, secretly made up, it was taking all of her effort not to walk over and put her tongue on to Lucy's clit.

Lucy climbed onto the bottom of Amanda's bed, putting a big pillow at the bottom so that she had something to lean on, she sat between Amanda's now even wider spread legs and opened hers wide.  Their faces were now no further than 4 feet away from each others and they were frigging their dripping pussies, watching each other, moaning for each other.

'Lucy, could I touch your pussy? I've never done anything like this before, id like to see what another woman feels like'

'erm... I guess yeah, sure, go ahead, I havn't either, but its really turning me on, here, give me your fingers' Amanda sat up and gave Lucy her hand, 'feel just here... yeah that's it... can you feel how wet I am?'

'Oh my god, your dripping down my fingers, I've never felt anything like it, its making me so horny'

'Do you want to rub our pussies together?' Asked Lucy, 'I bet it would feel really good, your clit and mine smashed against each others, all our hot cum squelching together between our legs!'

Amanda didn't even speak, she just nodded. Both girls shimmied together, locking legs like scissors, their crotches meeting in the middle. They were amazed at how hot it felt, their pussies were so sticky and wet, they started gyrating their hips and rubbing their hands all over each others bodies, they could feel their pussy lips sliding past each others, they could feel the suction when they both thrust in the same direction. They were both facing the same way and were watching each other, their faces contorted in ecstasy, switching between looking at their pussies smushing together, their clits grinding against one another, to looking at their faces, they were so turned on, smearing pussy juice all over each other. Amanda's hips started bucking and her breathing became even more erratic, she was moaning loudly,

'Fuck, yeah fuck, oh god, Lucy, fuck yeah that's so good, fuck I'm cumming, I'm going to cum all over your cunt Lucy.'

This really got Lucy going, she started smashing her pussy even harder into Amanda's, she started to shake and completely lost control of herself, her hips moving wildly

'Cum all over my cunt Amanda, cum all over my hot sticky cunt, I'm going to cum, fuck I'm cumming!'

Screaming, both girls came all over each others pussies, juices squirting everywhere as they ejaculated all over each other, soaking their pussies, filling their holes, covering their stomachs and asses as they grabbed at each other, their hot sweating bodies spasming in ecstasy.

They both near passed out with the sheer volume of their orgasms, and when they awoke 2 hours later, they were relieved to find that it wasn't uncomfortable, they both went for showers and came back ready to make dinner

'Well, I think its safe to say I wont feel uncomfortable with you walking around naked or doing it myself' laughed Amanda.

'well if I knew that's all it would take, id have done it weeks ago'

The girls giggled together, happy that they'd experienced something so sexy together.