 I peeked out of the curtains and saw that the day didn't look too bad, a little overcast, but patches of blue shining through, and decided I would wear jeans and a warm, black long sleeved top. In my heightened state I picked out a matching pink lace bra and pantie set and put them on. As I slid the panties up, I was thoroughly aware of my wetness and, if I had been alone I would have done something about it, but then if I had been alone I probably wouldn't be in this state anyway. I put my jeans and top on, and picked out a pair of black platform heels and made my way downstairs.

As I passed Marie's door I could hear her humming to herself, and I smiled. I went down to the kitchen and started preparing warm croissants and orange juice, setting up two plates, butter and a couple of different preserves.

Marie came down, and looked as ravishingly beautiful as always. She was also wearing jeans, and a plain green sweater, she had socks and trainers on her feet. Her hair was hanging loose. The outfit emphasised her wonderful shape.

"Orange juice and croissants okay for you?" I asked.

She smiled, "Oh yes. How lovely. Thank you. You really don't need to go to any trouble for me Anna."

"It's no trouble, Marie. I like to look after people, and I'm enjoying looking after you. Now, let's sit down and enjoy breakfast."

We sat and ate a croissant each, and between mouthfuls Marie said, "So, what are we shopping for?"

"Oh, you know. First some household stuff that I need from the supermarket, plus some food to stock the fridge for the week," I noticed she looked a little dismayed, and I can't say I blame her. I don't particularly like supermarket shopping myself. I added, "And then I thought we could go into the town centre. I need to do a little clothes shopping. I'm looking for maybe a skirt or dress. Would that be ok?"

"That would be great! Maybe with the money I'm saving I could shop for a little treat for me."

I smiled at her enthusiasm. We were just about done, so I said, "Come on then, let's get a start."

We stood up and I noticed, due to the fact I was in heels, that I was once again slightly taller than her. It hadn't really struck the night before, but in our bare feet she was a little taller than me. She looked up into my eyes and then threw her arms around me in a lovely warm hug and nuzzled into my neck.

"You really are a fairytale Queen, Anna. Thank you so much for helping me out like this."

I gently stroked her hair, suddenly aware of her body against mine again, memories of playing on the bed earlier surfacing and making me a little light headed once again.

I smiled, and for no other reason than the slight height advantage that I currently had, I said, "You don't have to thank me, little one. It is so much my pleasure."

I felt her stiffen and I wondered if I had said something wrong.

She pulled away slightly, not letting go completely, and looked at me, "What did you call me?"

I thought back. What had I said?

"Um, little one? Sorry. Was that wrong. I don't mean to be..."

She grinned, "I like it. Yes. You can call me that," and with that she hugged me again and I found myself, once again, giggling.

I picked up my handbag, and Marie ran upstairs to grab her purse, and we headed out to the garage. We got in the car and I backed us out onto the road and headed to the supermarket.

When we got there, we got a trolley and Marie, all excited said, "Can I push the trolley please? Please?"

With a big grin on my face I said, "Of course you can. It will actually be a huge help."

She beamed and we entered the supermarket.

I said, "If there's any food you see that you particularly like, just grab it and put it in the trolley."

She looked at me, "Really? Anything? I can help pay."

"I won't hear of it. You are not my tenant, you are my house guest."

We went around and I filled up with various basics, and the odd luxury item, and Marie grabbed a couple of things, pizzas, some chocolate, and she made the whole experience so much more pleasurable than any time I can remember. We laughed, we played around. At one point, Marie got on the back of the trolley and pushed herself down the aisle going, "Wheee!" all the way.

We finished shopping, and packed the bags into the back of the car, and headed back to the house to unload the shopping.

Marie was a great help putting things away, and then it was time to head into town. I suggested we walk since the weather was pretty good for the time of year, and Marie went upstairs to get a warm coat which was hip length and all white fur. I put on my long black coat and we headed into town.

As we walked, Marie put her arm through mine, so we were sort of linked. To any passing stranger we could easily just be a loving aunt and niece, but I loved that we were being so close together in public.

We got to the centre and I led Marie from clothes shop to clothes shop, not finding anything much that interested me or her. At the fourth or fifth store, we started perusing the racks and Marie suddenly squealed, "Anna, look," and held up a black, leather mini dress, with full length arms.

I smiled, "I think that might be a bit young for me, little one."

She beamed at my use of my affectionate title for her, but said, "Pfth! Wrong. But, actually I was thinking of it for me."

I took a step forward and took the soft leather between my fingers. It felt wonderful.

"You would look great in it, why don't you try it on?"

"Should I? Okay. I'm going to, but first we have to see if there's something here you can try on as well."

I smiled, and we kept browsing the racks and once more it was Marie who made a discovery, "Oh Anna. You have got to try this one," and she held up a dark red velvet, long sleeved dress, with a lace patterned bodice that I immediately took a shine to.

"Somehow, you seem to have understood my taste very well. I love it. Come on, let's go and try them on."

We walked over to the corner of the shop where there were changing rooms and were directed through by a woman standing just outside.

Marie opened the door to a room, and I went to open the one next door, but she said, "Nuh uh, Anna. I don't want to have to come out to show you in case it looks terrible, this room is big enough for two of us, so why not come and change with me?"

In my head I thought, because I will have to be in a confined space with a semi naked woman who I happen to have a lot of a crush on, but out loud I managed to say, "Uh, sure, good idea."

She grabbed my hand and drew me into the changing room with her, then shut the door.

We both took our coats off, then Marie pulled her sweater up revealing her bra clad breasts, while I lifted my top up over my head, my slightly smaller mounds on show in my lacy bra. We undid our shoes and shucked them off, and then, almost like a mutual striptease, we undid the belts of our jeans and slid them down, both of us standing there in just our bra and panties.

"Is it okay if you help me put it on?" Marie asked, holding the black leather dress out to me.

All I could do was nod, taking in her perfect curves, not trusting myself to speak. I undid the zip at the back and had her turn with her back to me, and helped her step into it. As my hand accidentally brushed against her inner thigh I heard a little gasp from her. As I was lifting it, I also realised that the dress had built in support.

I stopped and said, "Um, Marie, it looks like you don't need a bra with this..."

"Okay," she said, and without hesitation she reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra, letting it drop forwards from her onto the floor. I resisted the urge to turn her around and kiss her beautiful boobs.

I slid it up over her hips, and then helped her slide her arms into the sleeves, pulling it up over her shoulders. I did the zip up, and said, "There, now let's look at you."

She turned around and I gasped. It hugged her figure, and gave accent to her gorgeous curves. It was quite short, being just above mid thigh, but she had the legs for it.

"Oh, Marie, that is perfect. You look delicious."

She got that mischievous look on her face again, "You want to eat me?"

I couldn't help but laugh again, "Of course. Every inch of you. Now stop being silly and help me on with my dress."

She took the red dress off its hanger and undid the zip. I turned my back and she helped me into it. As she got it over my shoulders and was about to zip it up, I felt her kiss my neck and it sent a glorious rush tingling across my flesh and down straight to my sex. I moaned out loud.

She zipped me up and then said, "Okay, Anna. Let me see you."

A little light headed once again, I think most of my blood had decided to take a holiday from my head and go straight to my pussy, I turned around.

I saw myself in the mirror. It looked wonderful. It was a little longer than Marie's dress, a little past the mid thigh, but it fitted beautifully and I instantly fell in love with it.

Marie just gasped, and said, "Now you really are Queen Lovely. Anna, you look perfect. You have to buy this one."

I blushed, feeling Marie's eyes on me, my face closely matching the colour of the dress, "Are you sure? I mean I like it, a lot, but you're sure?"

"If you don't buy it I will sulk. A lot. You don't know how much I can pout. I have to see you in that dress when I take you to dinner."

"Wait, what? You're taking me to dinner?"

"Yes. Of course. To say thank you again for all the help you're giving me."

I smiled, "So the dress is good? Ok. I'll buy it. But if you don't get that dress you're going to see a pouting Anna."

Marie frowned, "I love it. I really do. But it is very expensive."

"Hmm. Okay. Let's see. You're buying me dinner? That means I owe you a black leather dress."

"What? No. That's too much Anna."

"Come and stand next to me and look at us in the mirror."

She did, and saw the contrast of the red and black, and how well they complimented each other.

I took her hand in mine and smiled at her reflection, "Let's not argue about it little one. Undress me?"

She smiled again at her pet name, and turned me around, unzipped me and helped me off with the dress, then I did the same for her, and we were nearly naked again. Resisting my urge to kiss her we both started dressing in our jeans and tops, finally putting our shoes and coats on and leaving the room.

As we passed the woman at the changing room entrance she said, "Was everything alright ladies?"

We smiled at her, "Perfect. We're going to take both of them."

She smiled and said, "I'll bet you both look really good in those dresses."

Marie looked at her, "Good? My Anna looks hot, not just good!"

The woman looked oddly at Marie, but I inwardly preened at her calling me 'my Anna', all I could do was laugh and say, "Thank you, darling."

We got to the checkout and I paid for them. They put them in those big fancy bags, and we walked back out onto the high street.

By this time it was coming up to lunchtime so I said, "Why don't we go and find a nice little place where we can sit down and have a drink and small bite to eat?"

Marie put a pretend frown on and said, "How about we go home and play dress up? I want to look through your wardrobe and see you in different outfits. I liked seeing you in that dress. I want to see more."

I laughed, "Okay, how about a compromise. We go and do a little more shopping, maybe look at shoes, and I'll fix us something to eat at home."

"Yay, more shopping. Can we look at underwear as well? Please?"

She looped her arm through mine and batted her eyelids.

I couldn't think of anything I'd like more right then that seeing Marie in some sexy underwear, so I took her to a little shop I know that sells some wonderful lingerie.

We entered and were greeted by a dark haired woman who welcomed us, "Welcome ladies. If there's anything you need help with, just ask."

Marie almost danced around the shop looking at all the amazing underwear. She picked up a lacy quarter cup bra and thong set in a subtle peach and held it up.

"Now this would look great on you, Anna," she said, ignoring the odd looks we were getting from the sales woman at the checkout.

Lowering my voice, I said, "Marie, you can be heard you know?"

"So? She works in an underwear shop, and you would look good in this!"

I gave in, shrugging apologetically at the woman who seemed completely oblivious and just smiled at me.

"Okay. So, that bra wouldn't even cover my nipples, Marie," I said.

"In that case I insist. You have to buy it."

I took the set off her, and was surprised to find she'd picked out my size. "Fine," I said in mock exasperation, "then we'll just have to find something for you."

I walked around until I spotted a bra and brief set, and my insides did a flip as I thought of seeing Marie in it.

I held it up, "And I want to see you in this."

Marie looked at it and held out her hand to take it. It basically was red strings, with only minimal coverage for the nipples and pubic area.

She raised her eyebrows and looked at me, her eyes searching mine.

"So this is the first thing I put on in dress up, as long as that," she pointed at my bra and brief set, "is yours."

I had no hesitation in agreeing this time, "You have a deal."

We went to the woman on checkout, who had an interesting look on her face but said nothing as I paid for our purchases.

Armed with some more expensive looking bags, we got outside and Marie said, "I don't want to look at shoes right now. Maybe another day? Let's just go home."

I laughed, and said, "I don't need shoes, I just like shopping for them, so yes. Another day."

We headed back to the house and, when we got in, we put the bags down in the hall and went through to the kitchen, where I made Marie a burger and myself a light salad.

We ate and tidied our plates away, and Marie was all jumpy and restless.

"Can we now? Can we play dress up?"

I swallowed, thinking about seeing this beautiful woman naked once again, or nearly naked at least.

"Yes. Let's go," I said.

Marie practically ran out of the kitchen and up the stairs, carrying all of our bags up with her.

She ran into my bedroom, put the bags down on the bed and opened the lingerie bags, holding up my bra and panty set, and hers.

"These first. You promised."

I took the underwear off her and tentatively started to undress, taking my top off over my head.

Marie reached over and pulled my top back down and said, "Not like that. Got to be a strip tease. Can't do it without a strip tease!"

I looked at her and said, "I'm not very good at that sort of thing, little one."

"Pfth. Of course you are. Just dance with your hips and slowly remove your clothing."

"That seems a little unfair. I strip for you, but..."

"Oh, I'm going to do one for you, but you first," she said and lay back on the bed looking delightfully alluring, and I just decided that if I was ever going to do this, I was going to do it now.

I started swaying my hips slowly and lifted my top more slowly then, as I pulled it over my arms, I flung it off me and straight over Marie's head.

She threw it off and said, "No, you can't stop me watching," and then she started clapping slowly and calling out, "more, more, more!"

I laughed and turned around, keeping my bottom rotating as I bent down to pull my shoes off. Marie made a low growling sound and said, "Nice ass."

I sneaked a look under my arms and said, "In England we say bottom or arse," and winked at her, then carried on sliding my shoes off.

"Oo! Another new word," Marie said.

Next, I stood, still with my back to her and undid my jeans, sliding the zip down and wiggling them down over my hips, starting to really enjoy putting on a display, bending back down with my skimpy panties showing, and wiggling myself a little more.

"Definitely a nice arse," Marie said, and I inwardly warmed with pride. She was paying me compliments and they made me feel so good about myself.

I slipped my jeans down and shook them off my feet and stood up, now standing there just in my bra and panties.

I turned to face Marie, and swivelled my bum out to the side, one hand resting on my hip, the other I stroked down the centre of my body, between my breasts and down my stomach to the top of my panties and stopped. I had no idea where that came from.

I could see Marie just sitting there, looking and then she said, in a quieter voice, "More?"

I smiled coquettishly and said, "You want to see all of me?"

She bit the side of her lip and just nodded, her hair moving with her nod to slightly cover her face.

I reached behind me with both hands and undid the clasp on my bra and then, holding one hand across my front, used the other to slip the straps down over my arms. I slowly let my hand reveal first one, very erect, nipple, and then the other, finally letting my bra down and gently throwing it at Marie.

She caught it, not saying a word, just staring at me. I hoped it was appreciative, but it was hard to tell.

Finally, I put my thumbs in the waistband of my panties, and once again turning round with my back to her, moving my behind side to side, I slowly slid them down. Once I'd shaken them off my feet, I spread my legs slightly and bent down and rested my hands on my knees, wantonly showing myself off to her.

I was about to straighten up and turn around when I felt a hand on my behind and Marie said, "Mmm. Queen Anna, you really have a lovely ass... sorry, arse"

I didn't want to move but, keeping my promise to myself to not let things move too far in the sexual realm, at least not yet, I straightened and turned, showing my naked body, my breasts and triangle of pubic hair.

Marie looked and I was so delighted when she licked her lips and actually purred. It sent a small shock that spread out from my pussy and over my skin.

Marie picked up the bra and panty set that was for me and handed it over without a word. I took them in my hands and felt the sheer, silky material. I pulled the panties up my legs and over my thighs, doing a little tease of slowly hiding myself. Looking down, I saw that the material was so sheer it didn't actually hide much at all, and at the back they were cut so high that my cheeks were mostly exposed.

I did a slow twirl and said, "What do you think, little one?"

Marie let her eyes wander over my body, then locked my eyes with hers and said, "You look delicious, Anna. I love them, but what about the bra?"

"Patience," I said, smiling.

I slipped the bra over my arms and fastened it at the back. As I'd said to Marie in the shop, they didn't cover anything and were more a sort of shelf, but they did provide support. My nipples were very stiff and I was distinctly light headed.

"Right, now we have to find you something to dress up over the top," Marie said, getting up off the bed.

"Oh no you don't, Princess," I said with a grin, "now it's your turn. You have to put your underwear on, and I want a striptease as well."

Marie put on a pretend pout, "Do I have to?"

I thought about it, and I really wanted to see her gorgeous body again, so I said, mock sternly, "Yes, you do. I demand it."

Marie put on a cheeky smile and said, "Fiiiine!"

I went and sat on the bed in my underwear, so wet with anticipation of the show that I was about to witness, and watched mesmerised as Marie gyrated her hips, pouting gorgeously at me and then crossed her arms over and lifted her green sweater, revealing her full bra.

She brazenly then starting massaging her breasts, pushing them up and squeezing them. Looking straight at me she blew me a kiss, and then turned around, her beautiful hips still swaying in that seductive rhythm.

When she had her back to me, she wiggled her bottom at me and then undid her jeans and slid them down as I watched her perfect bottom and thighs being exposed. She slid them off and then turned around again, walking up to me and standing so that my face was only inches from her cleavage. I wanted nothing more than to kiss her and make love with her at that moment, and when she pressed herself to me I nearly gave in, my face buried between her breasts. She walked back, still swaying and I looked on as she unhooked her bra and just let it fall, revealing her full breasts, their nipples erect.
