 I sat perched at the bar of one of the 'hippest' clubs in town. I couldn't help but find myself bored with the multitude of men that came over offering drinks or more often just whistling or calling out to me. Like that would work, yeah right. There was the occasional women who would come by and offer me a drink or a dance. So after two hours of boredom I got ready to go home to another night of solitude. Whoopee. Just as I hopped down from the bar stool I saw something out of the corner of my eye; two women talking in a rather heated argument. One looked like every other women in town; long fake blonde hair, toned body with fake spray tan, tight skirt leaving nothing to the imagination and a shirt that let her fake tits practically hang out and she wasn't wearing a bra. She was definitely not my type. She was, in my experience at least, a dime a dozen and there wasn't one part of her that was real. 

But the woman with her was what captivating. She was a bit shorter than me maybe 5'6" with long brown hair and emerald green eyes and she couldn't have been much older than 22 or 23. Her body was perfect in every sense of the word. Long legs that seemed to go on for miles with tightly toned calves and I could only imagine that her thighs were the same since she was wearing a cute skirt that stopped an inch or two above the knee. Her stomach was flat and covered by a modest but attractive green top that made the color of her eyes stand out even more. She didn't have the fake breasts of her friend, but they were nothing to laugh at from my expert judgment I figured a 36C. She was perfect; an angel standing among peasants.

I knew the two fighting women were friends because Barbie (a fake name for the equally fake blonde) was trying to get Hottie to calm down. After looking around for a moment I knew exactly what was happening. Barbie had a guy next to her, who appeared new to the group because of the way he was staring at Hottie. My guess was that Hottie and Barbie had gone to the club together and Barbie wanted to leave with the guy who was eyeing her friend. (GOOD CHOICE BARBIE.) Hottie looked a little afraid and was practically begging her friend not to leave her.

"Megan, you can't leave me here." Hottie said, more nervous than angry. (Of course Barbie's name was Megan, what else could it be. In my experience they only have three names, Megan, Brittany or Ashley.)

"You will be fine take this and catch a cab back to your place." Megan said as she thrust a bunch of bills into her friend's hand.

"This is really messed up, Meg. I only came because you begged me to. But whatever if you want to leave go ahead." Hottie tossed the money back to her friend on stormed off to the bar. Closer to me, I almost jumped with joy.

Megan, aka Barbie, didn't waste any time in turning and leaving with Mr. Wandering-Eye, leaving my poor defenseless angel all alone.

"Want a drink?" I asked her as she sat in the sat right next to me. The gods must have been smiling on me that night. 

"Umm, yeah sure. I guess I will have whatever you are having." She said nervously. Maybe she wasn't into women, I thought, oh well it's worth a try. 

I flagged the bartender down and smiled at her. "Hey, Roxy, I need another drink and for the pretty girl here."

"Sure thing, Nikki" Roxy said with a wink. I have to admit that I have taken Roxy's fine ass to bed more times than I can remember but she was never interested in a relationship. Which was fine with me, great sex and no strings was something that rarely worked between close friends but she and I had it down to a science.

"I'm Nikki." I said gently to the pretty girl, the last thing I wanted to do was spook her away by being too aggressive.

"Angela." She said as Roxy finally placed the drinks on front of us. 

"Of course you are." I laughed to myself. My angel's name was Angela, how fitting. 

After a half hour of talking about everything from drinks, to boys to family, I felt that Angie and I were getting along marvelously. If she wasn't into women at least we could be friends. Then out of nowhere some drunk asshole grbbed Angie's shoulder and turned her around roughly in her chair.

"Hey, baby, you want to get out of here." The man said with a thick Spanish accent

"You need to get the fuck out of here." I said as hopped off the barstool and stood at least five inches over the small man. 

"Hey, is there a problem here?" Roxy asked as she came around from behind the bar. 

"No, I think that this guy confused my friend with someone else." I said more as a question to the asshole than as an answer to my friend. The guy nodded and took his drunk ass to the other side of the bar. Roxy went back behind the bar and I took my seat next to Angie once again. She rubbed at her shoulder and I could tell that our drunken visitor had been a little too rough. 

"I'm going to get out of here." Angie said as she got off of her stool. I handed Roxy the money I owed her and a sizeable tip before kissing her on the cheek and following Angie outside the club.

"I can give you a ride." I offered. That was chance, now or never so to speak. "I have only had two drinks and I am fine to drive."

"No that's okay... I'm going to call a cab... it's no big deal..." she stammered on her words but I knew she wasn't drunk. She wasn't drunk when she had sat down next to me and she hadn't even finished half of the drink that I had gotten her.

"I insist. That guy was a dick and it would make me feel better if I knew you got home okay." I silently prayed that she would take my offer. "I promise I won't bite."

"Alright, that would be nice." She said with a sigh before following me to my car. 

We both got in the car in silence as I drove off towards our destination, after she told me where it was that we were headed. Luckily we lived in the same general direction 

"Are you alright?" I asked as I placed my hand on Angie's leg. She kept rubbing roughly at her shoulder and I was beginning to worry about her.

"my shoulders ache pretty bad from my job and that asshole made it worse." She said as she continued to rub her shoulder and look out the window.

"What do you do?" I was trying desperately to make her feel better. I was almost at a loss for words.

"I train the dolphins at the aquarium. I really hadn't wanted to go out today, I did because my friend made me." She shrugged.

"If you want, I can rub your shoulders for you. I hear I'm pretty good at it." I offered. That was my last attempt. If she didn't take it then I would know she was either not into women or not into me. I held my breath as I waited for an answer.

"Okay..." she croaked out. She was as nervous as a turkey on thanksgiving.

The long drive continued to go smoothly and silently. I kept my hand on her thigh and she made no attempt to stop me, quite the contrary five minutes later she shifted in her chair, making my hand slip up higher along her leg. Did she want me to feel her up in my car? Was she upset that I hadn't yet? I had no idea. She seemed to shy for me to just shove my hand up her crotch so I just rubbed the inside of her tight gently without traveling any higher. Her soft gasps and moans let me know that she was both into women and definitely into me. 

I pulled into her driveway and parked behind her car. She let me up to the door and let me in still without a word between us. I sat on her couch and watched as she busily ran into the kitchen and pulled two bottles beer. She handed me my bottle before sitting beside me. After a moment of silence she began talking quickly.

"Listen, I really never do this. I never pick up women and I don't ever pick people up at clubs and I certainly never bring anyone back to my house after only knowing them for like an hour. I never let people feel me up in a car but oh god... You are just so beautiful, I couldn't resist. Please don't think I'm some type of slut. I really don't do this." She said rapidly as she fumbled with her words. I placed my hand on her lag again and rubbed it slowly to calm her.

"I don't think you're a slut. I think that you are gorgeous and you want to relax a bit. I won't do anything you don't want me to, okay?" I waited for her to nod and then I grabbed her hand and stood up. "Why don't you take me to your room so I can give you that massage I promised?"

Again, all I got was a worried nod but she did as I asked. I was starting to feel guilty. Part of me felt that I was pressuring her into something.

As we made it into the room Angie paused and just stood in front, waiting for her next instruction from me. I was becoming frustrated with myself. Shyness was not a quality I found attractive and her indecisiveness was starting to piss me off. Did she or didn't she want me. I walked over to her bed and sat down on the corner of it.

"Come here." I said smoothly as I gestured for her to sit next to me. "What do you want? I don't want you to do something you aren't really into. If you want to experiment with a chick then I am up for whatever but if you don't want to do this then it's okay. I don't want you to regret anything later on."

"I do want to do this and it isn't to experiment, although I've never done anything with a woman before. I don't have a lot of sexual experience at all and I am just a little nervous." She looked at me for a moment before reaching into her nightstand and handing me a bottle of body oil. "How about that massage?"

I sighed as she took her top off and tosed her shirt to the ground, leaving her only in white bra and matching panties. I knew she wasn't sure of what she wanted at that moment. She wanted me because I was pretty and confident and she liked how I had rubbed her in the car but was she ready to go all the way? Was I ready to take her there if she wasn't entirely sure? I decided to give her massage and see how things went. Qué sera sera, right?

"Alright, baby. Lie down on your stomach and relax." I whispered. She did what I told her immediately and without hesitation. Maybe she was getting more comfortable with me. 

"Like this?" she asked nervously. I could tell she was scared but I couldn't leave her as soon as she was starting to try. I groaned to myself in frustration but I tried to relax. I wanted her to be as willing as I was but could I blame her. She was trying and by the look of her she really wasn't experienced at all and she was doing her best. 

"That's great. But I would hate for your bra to get full of oil. You might want to take it off." There, I said to myself, it was a simple test to see just how willing she was. I would give her a massage either way but I needed some type of sign as to how far she was willing to go. After a momentary pause I leaned in closer and whispered into her ear. "It is really okay if you aren't ready, I'm not angry."

"Start with my legs, would you?" She said, ignoring my gentle comments. I shrugged to myself and worked my way down to her feet before spreading the oil on my hands and working them into her perfect calves. I worked my hands back and forth firmly, rubbing the tense muscles. This girl really was scared. Every time I moved she moaned and shifted slightly. After working both calves and feet I worked my way up higher. When I looked up I noticed that my little angel had indeed taken her bra off. I laughed slightly and continued up her to her thighs. As I had imagined they were also perfect. They were firm and toned but still retained their feminine softness. I rubbed her carefully not wanting to get too excited and scare her further but it was sweet torture. I wanted to rip her panties off, flip her over and pleasure her until she passed out but that wasn't what she needed at the moment. She needed a gentle and caring lover, I could do that. There would, after all, be time for quickness eventually.

I skipped her most intimate parts and moved my way up her back. Her skin was gorgeous and I could tell that her tan was real, not something from a bottle or a tanning bed. She was the perfect tan color that only the gentle kiss of the sun could create. I, on the other hand, was caramel from birth, not too dark but everyone knew I was 'exotic'. 

My hands worked her sides and I was careful to both not tickle her and to keep my hands of the sides of her breasts that seemed to be calling my name. Finally up at her shoulders she pulled her hair out of the way and let me work her injured muscles. 

"oh god..." she moaned as I worked my fingers over her abused flesh. I would tell that that wasn't the first time her body had been over worked. I continued to work my magic as she continued to writhe under my hands. "Oh god, Nikki, that feels so good."

After another twenty minutes of rubbing I rolled off of her and lay next to her in the bed. 

"How do you feel, angel?" I asked with a wicked grin. I knew just how aroused she had become and we were finally at the climax of the evening. Either she would make a move or I would be on my way to fulfill my needs on my own. Either way I needed some relief and fast.

"I feel great. Thanks so much, Nikki. I am sorry if I was a little too loud. I couldn't help it. You are just so good I couldn't contain it." She told me as she turned her head in my direction with her body still pressed firmly onto the bed shielding her precious body from my eyes. "I just don't know how to repay you."

My girl was getting a little flirtatious but I still was confident enough with her demeanor to push her too far. "You don't need to repay me. Tonight was all about you."

"Was?" she repeated with a hurt look on her face. She looked like I had just killed her pet.

"Listen," I said as I pulled her up so that she was sitting in front of me. I kept my eyes glued to her face even though I was dying to look at her bare chest. "I really like you and I don't this to be some one night stand. I need you to tell me what exactly you want from me."

After searching her eyes for a moment I came up blank. There was nothing to signal that I was anything more that a quick fuck for her. With a chaste kiss on her cheek I got up from the bed, grabbed my jacket and keys and headed to the door. Right before making it outside I heard my angel calling out for me. My name had never sounded so sweet to my ears in all my life. My god, I was losing my mind for a girl who had no interest in me.

"Please, Nikki wait." She said as she finally reached me. She placed her hand on my shoulder. I refused to turn around. If I looked into those gorgeous green eyes again she would win. If I looked into those emerald pools there wouldn't be anything I could do to save myself from her. "Nikki please don't leave. I'm not sure about any of this but I really like you too. I have never been with a woman and I have only had one real relationship before and it didn't work out well for me. Please don't leave me, I really do want to be with you."

I took a deep breath and mustered all the courage I could find. I'll be fine, I told myself, I am going to look her straight in the eye and talk this out. I turned slowly and the moment I looked at her I knew I had lost. She could've asked me to drop to my knees at that very moment and I would've done so willingly. I really was falling for this girl. Dear God, I prayed silently, please don't let her break my heart.

"Nikki, can we talk for a minute." She asked with a weak smile. She had put on a silk robe but the material did little to hide her body from me. 

I nodded mutely, like she had before, and I let her lead me back to her room. We both sat on the edge of the bed and I waited for her to speak. Was I losing my mind? What was I thinking? Nicole Martinez does not wait for any girl. Why the hell was I following her every word like a lost puppy?

"I'm sorry if I made this awkward." She said as she grabbed my hand from my lap. It was hard to believe but that was the first time she had touched me the entire night. She touch sent shocks from my hand to my toes to other more pleasant areas. I really was losing my mind. "I just don't know how to do this. I have only ever been with one guy and he cheated on me with my best friend. That's why I moved here. I'm not exactly sure what to do with a girl but I know that I want to do it."

"Listen, babe, I don't know what to do here. I know you aren't used to this but there is only one way to change that. If you want me to be your first girl then I am all for that but if you aren't sure then we can be friends." I tried my best to control the flood coming from between my legs. My body was betraying everything I was saying. Who was I kidding, there was no way I could be just friends with her.

"I want to be more than friends. I want you to teach me." She whispered. She leaned in to kiss me and that was all the invitation that I needed. I closed the gap between us and pressed my lips to hers. She was just as soft as I knew she would be and her skin tasted like vanilla. She was the best thing I had ever had. Our lips melted together and I pushed her softly back into the bed so that I was slightly on top of her. Her hands tentatively went to my back as she slowly explored my body. My hands were at either side of her holding me up, I didn't want to pin her down to the bed just yet. I had to remember that being with her was like being with a virgin, maybe even worse.

Her hands slipped down to my grab my ass and I almost came right there. Just as she squeezed my ass, my tongue slipped out and flicked softly at her lips. She opened her mouth to me and let my tongue journey into her mouth. Her mouth tasted like the drinks we had had before her massage. I sucked on her tongue as her hands slipped down my ass and she grabbed the inside of my thighs and pulled me tighter against her. God damn my girl was getting frisky. That was what I liked but I still didn't know how far she wanted to go. I reluctantly pulled my tongue from her mouth and kissed my way down her jaw. I traveled down to her neck and began slowly alternating between licking, sucking and kissing her while she continued to grind herself onto me. She was practically dry humping me. I laughed at what turn she had made.

"Relax, baby." I whispered to her. The last thing I wanted was her to get too antsy. "We can take this slow."

I slid off of her and removed my jacket and tossed it to the ground before I pulled the belt from her robe. I didn't take it off of her; I just let it fall open. I went back to my work on her neck and she went back to grabbing my ass. I laughed again when she started grinding against me once more. 

"You need to learn how to listen, angel." I whispered again as I grabbed her hands and pinned them above her head. "Just relax. I'll take care of you."

She thrashed around a bit as I made my way south to her collar bone but her body got deathly still as I neared my way to her exposed breast. Damn she had nice tits. Smooth and creamy with perfect brown nipples that were hard before I even got near them. I took my time trailing with my tongue down to one of those perfect nipple when she began thrashing around again.

"Oh god Nikki please let me go.... I need to touch you... Hurry up... Please..." she breathed out weakly. My poor angel was begging. How could I deny her? I let go of her hands at the same instant that I pulled her delicious nipple into my mouth. Her hands immediately flew to the back of my head, holding my tightly against her body. As if I was going to go anywhere, not likely... at least not yet. I had plans on staying there until I passed out or she did, either way we were both going to end up happy. She gasped and tried to force my head back down against her body as I went to switch breasts but she soon relaxed when my mouth found her other nipple. I didn't want to be unfair to the other one, now did I?

"Relax." I told her once again, with her nipple still in my mouth. "I'm going to take care of you."
