 "We don't have to do anything else tonight." I told her as she pulled my shirt off. No matter how brave she was getting, I still couldn't force her to do anything she didn't want to.

"I know." She smiled her patented grin and it made my soul melt. I had only known Angela for a few hours and she already had my heart in a vise. It was unbelievable. Part of me was scared shitless, giving me the strong desire to run away and fast, but another part was thrilled and hoped that I would never have to leave her side. 

She made her way down to my waist and she slowly undid the buttons of my jeans for me. I certainly wasn't going to be able to take much more of her touching without getting off again so I tossed her back onto the bed and stood up slowly. I decided to make a show out of taking my clothes off because the feel of her on my skin was electrifying and if she wouldn't let me go down on her how was she going to do it to me? In the back of my mind I was petrified of the next morning but I would have time to deal with that later wouldn't I?

I bent down in the sexiest fashion I could and I undid my amazingly expensive stiletto heels. Then I slid my jeans over my tight ass and kicked them away before sliding back into the bed. Pleasing Angie had been the highlight of my week, if not my entire life, but I was just too tired to go at it again, and maybe a little too drunk. 

She pulled up the covers and slipped under before inviting me in after her. We snuggled up closely and kissed softly for a while before she snuggled closer to my chest and whispered against my skin.

"Are you alright?" she asked sheepishly. There was the girl I had met. Her momentary bravery was gone and once again she was scared as a newborn pup.

"Why wouldn't I be? I am in bed with a gorgeous and sweet woman and we just had a great time." I told her as I stroked her hair softly. Her chocolate locks were gorgeous and it was hard to keep from petting her. Hell I wanted to do more than pet her but in my inebriated state and my lack of sleep I was pretty much useless at that point.

"Did you really? Have a good time, I mean. I didn't do anything for you. I could if you wanted me to." Angie was struggling like a dog eating peanut butter but she was the cutest thing I had ever seen. I pulled her tighter against my chest and I could feel her breasts on my ribs and her hot wet sex on my thigh. 

"Baby, I don't need you to do anything. Seeing you come did it for me and tonight was about you. Did you come?" I asked, knowing full well that she had. I could still taste the evidence.

"Of course I did." She said as a bright blushed covered her face, neck and breasts. My heart fluttered in my chest.

"Then I say tonight was a success." I whispered with a grin. Angie was it for me. It didn't matter if she dumped me the next morning, it was still worth it for me. 

"You're a little over dressed." She said as she ran her hands over my bra. I couldn't help but laugh that she was too afraid to let me in her room only a few hours prior and she was currently telling me to take my bra off. I kind of like her dual sides. When she was all hot and bothered she was wild but when she was relaxed she was a nervous wreck. It was amusing to say the least.

"Are you sure?" I asked. As soon as she nodded she reached her hands around me and unsnapped my bra, with a bit of work. I laughed at her audacity.

"I also want this gone." She said as her hand traveled down to my ass. She pulled my panties off as I tossed my bra across the room.

I leaned towards her and kissed her deeply as I felt her hands travel back down to my ass. That was when I finally realized that my girl had a thing for my ass. She had gone crazy feeling me up while I was kissing her earlier and at that moment she was grabbing it once again. 

"You like my ass, baby?" I asked her as I pushed my butt harder into her hands. She kneaded the firm flesh of my ass cheeks as our tongues wrestled. Finally someone who could enjoy all my hard work! I had worked on my ass long enough and it was about damn time someone got to enjoy it.

"You bet I do." She said into my mouth as she gave my butt a soft pinch. I started to laugh at her again but it was cut short by a long yawn.

"Listen, babe. How about we go to bed now and we can pick this up as soon we wake up?" I asked her. I was nearly ready to passed out ago and she was ready to start up round 2. On any other night I would've been up for rounds 2-10, but at that moment I could barely keep my eyes open. 

"Good idea. But I have to say that I am going to hold you to that." She said as she nuzzled against my bare chest. 

"Baby, you can hold whatever you like." As soon as I said that her hands reached down to my ass and gave it another squeeze. Ten minutes later we were both sleeping soundly. 

I woke up early the next morning and I watched my angel sleep. With her stunning green eyes shut I was able to think much more clearly. Her body seemed to be sculpted from marble rather than actual flesh. Her skin was smooth and evenly toned. Her tan flowed over her skin like a soft blanket and the only place that remained white was her cute little butt. Her ass wasn't as big as mine but it was definitely something I could get used to keeping my hands on. Her legs were intertwined with mine and although I was a few inches taller her legs seemed to be miles longer than mine. Her calves were solid but not too hard or bulky. Her hair fell in gentle curls over her shoulders and down to her breasts in the most beautiful chocolate color I had ever seen. Her lips, even in her sleep, seemed to pout. Almost like she was begging me take then into my mouth. It was tempting but I wanted me angel to be well rested for the day ahead. And to accomplish those things I had to leave that bed, at least for a moment.

I carefully unwrapped her legs from mine and wandered to her kitchen only to find the fridge and pantry almost empty. Americans, I thought as I shrugged and walked my way back to the room. I got dressed and drove quickly to a little food market down the road from her house and in a total of 15 minutes I was back at Angie's place. I made her a typical breakfast with things that she might like. I made eggs, bacon and toast and I put strawberries and mangos in a bowl for us to share. I piled all the food and drinks on a serving tray that I found in the kitchen and I carried it to the room. I placed the feast on the nightstand so I could wake my girl properly. I stripped again and climbed back into bed gently.

I started by pushing her delicately onto her back and I waited to make sure she was still sleeping. I leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on her lips. Nothing. I pouted momentarily then I got a wicked idea. I was going to test how far I could get her before waking her up. I am a genius, aren't I? I leaned over her and kissed her again. This time she pushed against me but in the end, it was Nothing. I sat back and smiled at the challenge before me. I was going to make my girl come and there was no way she could sleep through that, I bet. I straddled her hips gently and pushed myself to one side. Nothing. I grinned in my temporary victory and leaned down slowly and took her left nipple into my mouth. I sucked slowly and looked up to her face as I did it. She moaned softly and turned her head to the other side. Nothing. The further I got the most interesting the test became. Without taking my mouth off her breast I rolled onto my side and placed my hand over her moistening sex. Even in her sleep my baby was responding to my touch. I ran my finger over her clit quickly and waited for a reaction, for that would certainly bring my princess out of her slumber. Nothing. I stifled my laugh and pushed my hand lower to the opening of her sex. If my girl could sleep through an orgasm then she deserved to sleep as long as she wanted and to hell with breakfast. I slipped my middle finger slowly into her tight pussy and waited. Her breath caught in her throat and I knew if she wasn't awake she would be soon. I pushed further into her and started thrusting slowly as to not jostle her from her sleep. The faster I pushed the more labored her breathing became but she still didn't open her eyes. I realized that Angie was playing hard to get. I laughed softly and decided that I would be the one to win that game. I slowed my hand and resumed a soft leisurely tempo. I knew at that pace I could have her under me for hours on the brink of coming. 

"Oh god, Nikki, please don't tease me." She begged with her eyes still shut. 

"So you're awake are you?" I asked with a chuckle. I win, I told myself. I sped up my hand and had her cum all over my hand within moments. "Good morning." I added with a chipper smile. 

"It certainly is." She said. Her eyes got wide when she saw the meal on the table behind me. "What's all that?"

"I thought you might be hungry after last night so I made breakfast." I told her with a proud smile. I like being able to make her happy. But what was I doing? Nicole Martinez does not do breakfast in bed for other people. But then again this wasn't other people, this was my angel and she deserved breakfast in bed. She deserved a lot more than that but I would get to that soon enough.

"I didn't know you could cook." She said nonchalantly as she pulled me closer to her for a kiss. After she let me go I grabbed the tray and placed it between us on the bed. But I strategically left the fruit on the nightstand.

"You don't know much about me period." I giggled then I sat back and watched as Angie ate. The way she moved, so delicately and gracefully, almost took my breath away. Small movements of a fork should NOT ever be able to make someone as hot as I was getting.

"You aren't going to eat anything?" She said shyly as she saw me watching her out of the corner of her eye. 

"I don't usually eat much breakfast but I have some fruit for us to share as soon as you are done with all of that." I was thankful she didn't see my sly grin as she continued to eat. Oh the things I had planned for that bowl of fruit. Oh the wonderful places they would go.

Angie ate a good portion of the food, which pleased me because I was used to Barbie type girls not eating in front of me or worse, not at all. I like a girl with a good appetite who could take care of herself. It shows dedication, a trait I greatly respect. She sat back against the bed, still completely naked, and looked over at me. "I think I am too full to eat any fruit but help yourself to it."

I couldn't help but laugh as I grabbed the bowl and placed it on the far side of the bed. I straddled her waist before I took the closest piece of fruit, which happened to be a strawberry, and I placed it to her lips. I was wise in picking my fruit. I only filled the bowl with strawberries and mangoes, very juicy and very tasty strawberries and mangoes. "You sure you don't want any?"

All she could do was shake her head no. The poor girl looked like a deer caught in headlights. I trailed the berry down her body as I squeezed the juices making a sticky path for me. 

"Do you mind if I have it all then?" I asked with a sexy smile and shook her head again. I knew what she meant but I couldn't help but tease her the way her body was unknowingly teasing me. "So you don't want me to have it?" I asked with a fake pout. "That's not really fair now is it? You all that delicious juice all over you and I all I can do is look at it. It is bordering on cruelty."

"Y-y-you can have it... I meant you can have the fruit." she stuttered. Oh god this girl was cute enough to eat, which I thoroughly planned on doing.

I lapped up the juices before finding the strawberry at her collar bone and eating it. I grabbed a piece of mango next. I picked up where the strawberry had left off and I trailed it down further to the valley between her breasts. "Can I keep eating or do I have to stop again?" I asked with same sexy smile as I had before. She nodded weakly and gasped as she cold slice of mango hit her nipple. "I can stop if you want. I know this is probably super uncomfortable for you." I bit my lip before pulling one of my legs off her, making as if I was going to leave. She grabbed my hips roughly and pulled my back onto her. I couldn't help but laugh at the desperation in her eyes. 

"I'm okay." She said as firmly as she could. "I would hate to ruin you breakfast."

"Then I can keep eating?" I asked with a cheery grin and waited for her nod. "As much as I want?" I got another nod from my gorgeous girl. "Anywhere I want?" That was the most important question and after a slight pause I got another nod. "Then I should get to it." I ate the mango before grabbing another fresh cold piece. I held the fruit tightly in my hand and I let the juice drip all over her stomach and belly button. My tongue wasn't far behind lapping at the sweet liquid and dipping into her bellybutton to get the juices out. I was going to continue but Angie pulled back up to that was sitting in her lap again. Ah, hell. 

"I don't think this is fair." She told me with a stern look on her face. I was suddenly both shocked and scared of whatever she had to tell me. I was about four inches from having my tongue in the one place I wanted it most and she wanted to have a conversation. What the fuck? I was cold and sticky and I had shit to do, namely her. "You are on your way to giving me my third orgasm and you haven't gotten anything from me. I don't think that is fair." She continued.

"Oh good lord, Angela, you nearly scared me half to death." I sighed. The girl almost gave me a heart attack. I wanted, no needed to get back to my breakfast.

"I'm serious Nikki. I want to do something for you now." she tried to push me back onto the bed but I stayed firmly put on her lap. Thank god for work outs because she pushed me down hard but I was able to keep my balance and my ass firmly on her.

"Are you going to disrupt my lovely breakfast?" I asked with my best sad face. She slowly shook her head no and relaxed against the bed again. At least she was easy to convince. "So how about this, I am going to finish up quick and then we can get all cleaned up together before coming back and getting all dirty again."

With a laugh my angel let go of my hips and I resumed my meal. I wasted no time in drenching her sex with the juicy mongo. I worked slowly, contrary to my promise, and I started licking up and down her thighs. (I had planned on being between her legs for hours but I had rained on my own parade and now I had to hurry. Ugh.) I heard her moans and gasps as I got closer to her hot pussy. After a few minutes of gently teasing the outer parts of her sex Angie was begging me to continue. I couldn't keep my girl waiting, that would've been plain rude. I parted her effortlessly with my tongue and I went to work. I left no part of her untouched. I licked and nibbled at her clit before driving my tongue into her body. At first she tensed up and I thought she was going to come but she settled back down and I continued to tongue fuck her. I let my arms hook around the back of her thighs and I used my finger to rub gently on her clit. After going at her for barely five minutes she grabbed the back of my head and came on my wanting tongue. She screamed my name and god knows what else as I continued to drive my tongue into her. I drank all the sweet juices she had for me before sitting back up in the bed. She was easily pleased but I was left a bit disappointed. I had planned on licking her for much longer. Next time I have to go much slower, I whispered to myself.

"Oh god, Nikki you are really good at that." She said between gasps for air. The girl was panting like a fat dog in the summer sun. It was cute to see the product of my hard work, well kind of hard work.

"Thank you. Now, I believed I was promised a shower and then a little more fun." I told her as I hopped out of the bed but once again she grabbed me and forced me to listen to her.

"Next time it's just you. I don't want you to touch me at all, okay?" she said firmly. I couldn't contain my grin but I just nodded like she had so many times. "Promise?" once again I nodded and this time she smiled. "Alright then. Let's go get cleaned up. I'm sticky in places fruit was not meant for."

"You sure about that?" I asked as we walked hand in hand to the bathroom. "I thought you liked where the fruit went."

"Oh, I did like where it went I just don't think it was meant for those places." Angie giggled as I patted her butt that was sticky from where the juice had run down. As we walked into the bathroom I saw the huge bathtub in place of a shower. Things were going to get very interesting for my angel and me.