 I perched myself on the counter of the bathroom as Angie ran through the oversized room and got the bathtub ready for us. I could see the steam coming from the hot water of the tub before she filled it with bubbles. After a few minutes of prep she stuck her hand in the water and smiled at me.

"It's all ready." She said with a warm grin. It wasn't anything sexual but it almost made me come. She was just so sweet, in every sense of the word, that it took my breath away. She wasn't trying to get anything she just wanted to make sure everything was perfect for us. 

She reached her hand out for mine and I followed her into the hot water. As we both nestled down into the tub I sat at the far end of the tub opposite her. I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to keep my promise of keeping my hands to myself if I was sitting with her. I felt her grab my foot as she began to rub it softly. I relaxed my head against the edge of the tub as I felt her move higher along my legs. I suddenly reached out for her hands and pulled her against me.

"If you don't want your bathroom to end up soaked I suggest that you don't start anything that you can't finish." I whispered hoarsely. She nodded and laid herself flat against my chest. We had been in bed for nearly twelve hours and that was the first time she was on top of me. I really kind of liked it.

"What happens tomorrow?" she asked after a long pause. Oh god, here we go; I told myself. This was usually where things got bad in my relationships. I sighed and moved my fingers through her wet hair.

"Well there are a few options." I said carefully after a moment of contemplation. "I could leave tonight and tomorrow we pretend none of this happened and we can continue as friends." My heart broke at just the thought of that.

"What else?" she said gently as I felt her finger rub along my collar bone.

"you remember the bartender from the club?" I asked and my angel nodded against my chest. "Roxy and I have been best friends for a long time and we have had the benefits of sex between our relationships. So if you want that then I would be up for it."

"What else?" she repeated as her fingers made lazy circles against my neck.

"We could try a relationship and see how it works out. But I need you to understand one thing." I told her as I sat her up in the tub. She looked me right in the eye and waited for me to continue. "I know this is your first relationship with a woman but I can't be your dirty little secret. If you want a relationship then I won't be hidden. No matter what you choose I will be your friend and we can keep hanging out." I waited for a response but I got none. "I'm going to go back to my place and I'm going to let you think about this. My number is on the fridge." 

I stepped out of the tub and reached for the towels that she had left out for us to use. I half expected her to stop me but I wasn't surprised when I made it to the bedroom without any objections. I pulled on my pants and bra with little trouble but I hurried when I heard Angie start to get out of the tub. I threw on my top and laced up my Italian stilettos before she actually made it into the room. That was when I paused. It was like I was glued to the ground and no matter how hard I wanted to run away I couldn't move. Was I going to leave her like that? Could I? Before I could make my big escape, if I was really going to, Angie walked into the bedroom wearing absolutely nothing.

"Sit down Nikki." She told me in her soft angelic voice. My body betrayed my mind and sat right down on her bed facing the wall. I heard Angie grabbing something from the closet before walking around the bed and standing in front of me. She was wearing the same silk robe she had before. "What do you want Nikki?"

"I want a lot of things but that doesn't mean I can get them." I said with my eyes glued to the wall. I had to stay away from those emerald eyes if I was going to stay coherent. 

I felt her hands cup my face and she pulled my gaze up to her eyes. "What do you want Nikki?" she repeated.

"I... I want... you." I was able to blurt out after what seemed like an eternity. "But I have been the closet lesbian girlfriend before and I can't do that again. I can't wait around for your calls and I can't hide you from my friends and family."

She smiled at me. No response. No comforting words. Just a smile. I was torn between breaking down in tears or driving out of there as fast as I could. I decided, after considering that I had only known her for half a day, to get the fuck out of there. She was not going to see me cry. I stood up and flew past her to the front door. I was half tempted to rip my number from the magnet that held it on the fridge but I just walked out to my car and sat in the driver's seat. I ran my finger over the leather of the steering wheel and I threw my head back against the headrest. What the hell had happened to my life? I was contemplating my next move whenI heard my phone ring. Without looking at the caller ID I flipped it open and answered.

"Hello." I barked into the phone. After a soft laugh on the other end then I heard the one voice I hadn't expected.

"Nikki, you left your keys inside my house." Angie giggled. This woman wouldn't give up would she? Not only had she made me look like an idiot but now I was forced to march my happy ass back into her house to get my keys. "How about you come back inside so we can talk?" this time her voice was softer, more compassionate. 

Frustrated, and simply mad as hell, I stomped back to the house. Angie opened the front door and let me in. I saw my keys on the counter and rushed to grab them but Angie stood in my way.

"Why are you so angry Nikki?" she asked as she grabbed my hips. I wanted to fall to the ground under her touch but I just stood frozen. 

"I can't do this, Angie. I am 25 and I can't play games with you. What do you want from me?" I asked roughly, ignoring her gentle and kind tone. 

"Maybe I want what you want." She said after a slight hesitation. The pause only made me angrier. 

"You don't even know what you want. How can you say that you want what I want when you have no idea how much I want you?" I turned from her and started to pace around the living room. 

I stopped walking when I felt Angie grab my hand. She pushed me down onto the couch. It felt like she was pulling me shore after I had almost drowned. Looking at her was like breathing again. "I am not going to hurt you Nikki." She said as she pulled me into her arms. "I'm scared too but we can do this." 

After a minute of just letting her hold me I sank down into the couch. Her words were comforting but was she serious? I really was losing my mind I barely knew.

"How about we go back to your place?" she asked as she kneeled between my legs. Her hands rubbed gently on my knees as she spoke in a soft tone. "It might make you feel better if you are at your own house."

All I could do was nod as I huffed and puffed like that oh so famous wolf. I don't know why I was so angry but I had to let some steam off. "I want to go for a drive. You are welcome to come with me if not I will talk to you later." I said roughly as I stood up and snatched my keys from the counter. Angie silently followed me to my car and hopped into the passenger's seat. 

I turned on the car and sped down the street. It only took her a few moments to place her hand on my thigh then to push that same hand up the button of my jeans. I clamped my hand onto hers.

"I can't do this right now. This is really dangerous and I can barely think straight as it is." I told her as I placed her hand slightly lower on my leg, where it had been previously.

"I trust you." She whispered as she tried to force her hand back up into my pants. 

"Then trust that I am serious when I say that I can't do this right now. " I knew I couldn't trust her to keep her hand where I needed it so placed it back in her own lap. 

"Are you angry with me?" she asked as I pulled onto my street. I slammed on the brakes and parked the car in the middle of the road. 

"I'm not angry with you. I just... It's not you." I lied. I I wasn't angry with her but there was a lot more to it than I led on. But that wasn't the real issue. The real issue was that I was scared silly but I couldn't tell her that. I had already told her enough as it was. I was falling for her and it was killing my nerves, honestly.

"Keep going and we will see if I can't help with that when we get to your place." She said with a sexy smile. 

I parked in my driveway and led her up to my two story house that I shared with me, myself, and I. It was too big for me alone but I had always wanted someone to share it with someone special. 

"This is amazing." She said as I opened the door and led her in. I shrugged my shoulders and went to the kitchen to fix myself a drink. It was noon or a little after, at least I thought so. After careful consideration I decided to take two shots of tequila and I headed off to my room. I told Angie to look around if she wanted but she followed me to my bedroom. 

As we walked up the stairs I felt her hands reach up and grab my ass. No matter how upset I was, that made me laugh. With a hand placed firmly on my bottom, I led her to my bedroom. It wasn't nearly as erotic as it should've been but it was nice to know that she was with me. I opened the doors to my room and I let her look around as I tossed my shoes into the closet. I just wanted to take a nap. 

After pulling my jeans, shirt and bra off I was naked and ready for bed, I had casually left my panties at Angie's house. I walked back into the room from the closet and I crawled into bed, Angie was nowhere to be seen. Part of me knew that should've been worried that a girl that I barely knew was wandering around my incredibly expensive home but I really didn't care, in the back of my mind I wondered why I had offer to take her to my house in the first place. I really didn't plan on fucking her again, at least not for a while. I closed my eyes and started to drift off to sleep but my shot open as soon as I felt Angie climb in the bed on top of me. I could feel that she was naked but I didn't have the energy to do anything about it.

"Angie, I..." I was about to tell her to stop but she placed her finger against my lips to silence me. 

"I'm sorry for acting like a baby earlier. I do want to be with you and I had never planned on hiding you. How could I? You are fantastic and you've been so good to me and I want you to be happy. I'm going to take care of you now." she told me with a fire in her eyes that I had yet to see. 

She almost seemed more interested in getting me off than she had been when I was fucking her. I was going to object again but this time she pressed her lips to mine and I gave up the fight. Her tongue licked at my lips and I let her into my mouth without arguing. My tongue licked at hers and I knew she could taste the tequila on my mouth. Kissing her was one of the hottest thing that I had ever done. As we continued to make out I felt her hand slide to breast and she started rubbing on my nipple. She rolled it between her fingers before pinching it softly. I gasped loudly, it didn't really hurt is just shocked the hell out of me.

"Oh god, did I hurt you? I didn't mean to. I just thought you would like it. Are you alright?" she asked as she sat up, straddling my ribs. 

"No, it's okay. You just scared me. It didn't hurt at all actually." I tried to speak although I didn't know how much of it she could hear over the pounding sound my heart was making. She nodded and kissed me again and in no time she was sliding down my body again so that she was kissing, sucking and nibbling on my neck. I knew immediately that I would have marks all over me like some teenager but I really didn't care all that much. She continued to work her way down until she had kissed all the way down to my breasts. She was lazily licking between them and by that point I could barely form a coherent thought but all sanity really went out the window when she licked around my hard nipple before taking it between her teeth. Yes I said teeth. My angel was biting my nipple and it felt like she had taken me to heaven. I never wanted her to move but part of me was ready to push her down further if she didn't do it herself. It was almost like she knew what I was thinking because at that exact moment I felt her fingers strumming their way to the exact place I needed them. I moaned out when her finger flicked at my clit and Angie bit down harder at the same time. It was crazy to think she had never been with a woman before because she was pretty damn good at it. Her finger moved farther south until she was able to push it slowly into me. It slid in without issue and soon she was pumping two fingers into me roughly. I was in ecstasy as Angie switched breasts and pushed harder into me. 

"Don't stop... Oh... Angie... Oh good god..." Soon I was beyond the point where I knew what I was saying and my words turned into unintelligible moans as I came, thrashing and bucking, against her hand. I don't know how long I was lying on the bed panting and gasping for breath while Angie just lay next to me as she ran her fingers over my ribs slowly. I was usually easily pleased but this girl would be the death of me.

"You okay?" she finally asked me. All I could do was nod as she leaned in and took my ear into her mouth. The girl was trying to kill me. I could barely breathe and there she was turning me on all over again. 

"Please stop..." I was finally able to croak out, causing her to laugh gently right in my ear sending shivers through me all over again. I pushed her off of me as I turned over onto my stomach. She took my hand in hers and turned it over to look at my palm. Before I could realize what she was doing she noticed the scars on my palm and started to trace them with her fingers.

"What happened here?" she asked as she continued to follow the path of the deep scars of my hand. I thought about pulling my hand from her but I sighed and let her continue touching me.

"It's a constant reminder of what happens when I lose control of my heart." I told her bluntly. I really didn't want to go over the story but she wasn't going to let up.

"A guy?" she asked tentatively. 

"No. I have actually never had any bad experiences with guys." I laughed sarcastically. "This was about three years ago. I fell head over heels for this girl. She was pretty and smart and funny and everything that I had ever wanted in a girl. The only downside was that her personality was as bad as mine, maybe worse." I laughed again this time in a colder manner. I am sure my blue eyes looked absolutely hollow. "We had been fighting at my house. We were two hell fires. We both were throwing things and yelling and before I knew it I slapped her. I was going to hit her again but she stopped me that's when I tripped over my heels and went tumbling down the stairs. I ended up crashing into a crystal vase that she had tossed down the stairs and it cut up my hand pretty good. I got a ton stitches and the next day she was gone. It was one of the hardest things I have ever had to deal with. I really I loved her." I couldn't stop the few stray tears that fell from my eyes but I did my best to ignore them until she pressed her lips to my cheeks and kissed them away. 

"I'm sorry." She whispered as she continued to bathe my face in tender kisses. 

"Don't worry about it. I moved on and I learned to hide my heart and not trust anyone." I shrugged again and cuddled with the blanket that covered me. 

"Don't hide anything from me." She said as she pulled my covers away. She scooted closer to me and took the place in my arms where I had had the blankets. "And I promise you can trust me."

"We still haven't gotten an answer to your question." I told her, ignoring what she had just said to me. How could I trust her, I barely knew her. "What happens tomorrow?"

"It is Sunday so we don't have to do much. Lay around and lounge about the house. Clothing optional" She said with a grin. I let go of her and sat up in the bed.

"I'm serious."

"I will do whatever you want to do. There is no real need to play hard to get since we have already done the whole sex and morning after thing already. We can do whatever you want to." She said gently. 

I remained silent and watched for a minute.

"I just want to spend time with my girl." She told me, bringing me out of my reverie. 

Had she just said that she was my girlfriend? I mean we had done the whole sex thing and I did really like her but was that enough? Did that qualify her as my girlfriend? Maybe. I pushed all doubts out of my mind and I hugged her again tightly. I tilted her back into the bed and kissed her gently until we both fell asleep. 

We woke up late in the afternoon and I woke to the feel of her fingers playing on the naked skin right below my collarbone. We both basked in the silence until Angie's stomach made a loud rumbling noise which made her blush brightly.

"Dinner time?" She asked nervously.

I smiled at her and with a quick nod I dragged her down stairs. I began to make dinner while she sat at the counter and watched. We talked about our families, work, and everything that we could think of while I finish up our meal. Everything she said and every move she made had me entirely mesmerized. By the time I was done I couldn't even remember turning the stove on. I served two plates and a grabbed a couple cokes from the fridge. We sat and ate dinner and continued our conversation like we had known each other our whole lives. As our meal was winding down I felt a cool soft foot trailing up my leg. I grinned but I pretended to be oblivious. 

"So, what are our plans for tomorrow?" she asked with a determined grin. 

My voice caught in my throat as I felt the heel of her foot brush roughly against my clit. "oh... I thought we could go out... mmm... for a while and have some fun.. and then... Oh god... we can hang out here or... Oh shit..." I couldn't take it anymore. I scooted in closer to the table and I pressed my clit harder against her foot. I gripped the sides of the table as I felt my orgasm start to take over my body. 

"Or what, babe?" Angie asked me as I lay panting in my chair. She smiled in triumph as I glared at her. I couldn't blame her though, it was only fair that she get pay back for the way I had woke her up. 

"I was just thinking that we could hang out here and use the pool." I told her as soon as I was able to think clearly. After finalizing plans for the next day I picked up the table and washed the dishes as my angel played with my dogs in the living room. I felt almost domestic as I worked in the kitchen. I was used to cooking and cleaning but it seemed to have an almost twilight zone feeling. I was lost in thought when I felt two cool hands wrap around my waist from behind.

"I wanted to thank you for a great dinner." She whispered into my ear before taking it between her teeth. Her fingers made their way into the robe I was wearingand rubbed against my flat stomach. 

"Don't mention it. I rarely have the opportunity to cook for anyone but myself. It was fun to actually sit at the table and eat. Most of the time I sit at the counter and dine alone." I shrugged. I was never the type to feel sorry for myself and I wasn't about to start. I could've had a girlfriend, or boyfriend for that fact, if I had wanted but I preferred being alone than settling for someone I didn't really want. 

"Hopefully neither one of us will have to worry about." She said so low that I didn't think that she actually wanted me to hear her. I didn't respond to her comment. I dried my hands off and turned to face my beauty. I kissed her on the nose before taking her to the bathroom to clean up. We took a quick, but thorough, shower.
