 I was out with some friends at a bar for the evening. We were sitting at a table and having a few drinks and chatting and laughing. As I looked across the room I spotting a cute woman staring at me. She smiled and raised her glass to me. I smiled and nodded to her. She was a little older than me it seemed. She was petite and cute with medium blonde hair. Now my attention was on her. She was distracting me with her stares.

I soon got up and went to the restroom. I barely had the door close behind me, when my blonde friend entered.

"I'm sorry I just had to meet you, my name is Allie," she said.

"I'm Julie," I told her.

"I don't want to hold you up," she said. "I would love to get together with you sometime," Allie told me.

She got out a piece of paper and wrote down her name and phone number, then handed it to me. She promptly turned around and left. I used the restroom and then walked back to my friends. Now my mind was totally distracted on Allie. I didn't stay much longer at the bar and went home. When I got back to my apartment I went directly to bed. I had this picture of this cute blonde in my head and I couldn't get her out of my mind. I reached down and started to rub my pussy with my fingers. It didn't take long until I had my orgasm. I then fell to sleep.

The next day I reached for the phone and got out my scrap of paper with Allie's phone number and called her.

"I knew you would call me," she said.

"How did you know that?" I asked.

"I just had a feeling, and I am rarely wrong," Allie told me.

She then invited me over to her place that evening. I found out Allie lived only about two miles away. That evening I went over and rang the doorbell. Allie met me and gave me a kiss on the cheek as I entered her house. Allie was all ready for me. She handed me a glass of wine and we sat down and started to talk. I found out that Allie was a school teacher. She was thirty years old and recently divorced. She then told me she had sworn off men and was now into women only.

She said that when she saw me she just had to take the initiative and introduce herself.

"I want to tell you Julie, I am pretty forward and speak my mind." "When I saw you last night my only thought was making love to you."

I nearly choked on my wine. I was attracted to Allie for sure. I am blonde also, but am curvy and have big breasts. Allie was petite with small breasts.

I think I sat there with my mouth partly open. 

"I hope I didn't embarrass you by saying that," Allie said to me.

"Just a little," I replied, "but don't worry about, I will recover," I said.

Allie laughed and she got up and held her hand to me. I took her hand and Allie walked me back to her bedroom. I didn't quite know what I had got myself into. There we were standing next to the bed. Allie placed her arms around me and drew me into her body and we kissed. Our mouths opened and our tongues were entwined. Slowly Allie pulled me down onto her bed and we started to kiss and rub each other. I fell on top of Allie and started to unbutton her clothing. I pulled her top and bra off and Allie helped remove her pants and panties. Then Allie pulled all my clothes off. 

We were naked and I was on top of her. I started to rub my pussy into hers. Allie was moaning and I could feel how wet she was. I lowered my mouth and started to kiss her small nipples. I then took each one and started to pull on them with my teeth.

Allie was crying out as I working on her hot nipples. I thought Allie was close to exploding. She arched her back and threw her legs around my back. Her pussy was soaked by now and so was mine. I wanted us both to cum together. I slammed my mound into her and we both went off. Allie nearly pushed me off of her when she came. It was so violent. I was kissing and sucking her nipples still. Allie could barely catch her breath.

I started to slow down and let Allie recover some.

"Oh my God, Julie, that was so intense!"

I looked down at my lover and smiled. We kissed each other some more and then I slid off Allie. We were just lying there in each others arms for some time. Allie told me she had only been with two other women previously to me. Making love to me had been the best she experienced. I told her maybe that was because she had so much passion stored up. She just laughed and said she doubted it.

"Julie, I really need to taste you, please," Allie said. 

She had me get on my hands and knees. I was positioned at the edge of the bed when Allie got behind me. She placed her hands on my hips and then I felt her tongue. Allie slid her long tongue up and down my gash. She started low and worked up to my ass. I felt her tongue poking into my tight bum hole. My knees started to get weak on me. I lowered my face into a pillow and Allie started to slurp at my pussy.

I was so wet now. I could feel my juices running out of my pussy. I doubted I could hold out much more.

"Fuck me Allie, I am so close now!" I was screaming at her.

Allie continued to lap at my pussy, but she pushed a finger into my bottom. I was being fucked in both holes now. Another couple of minutes and I started to gush all over Allie's face. I am normally not a squirter but tonight Allie had me so worked up. I squirted a few times and I could feel Allie's mouth covering my pussy. She was attempting to drink as much of me as she could. My knees were buckling as Allie had me flip onto my back.

She buried her face over my pussy and started lapping like a mad person. My body started shake and I shot a fountain of my juices up in the air. Allie finally slowed down a bit so I could get myself back together. It took nearly a half hour before I came back to earth. Little did I know we would continue to make love until the next morning arrived. We finally collapsed and slept until mid-afternoon.

That was the beginning of Allie and myself becoming lovers. We spent most of our spare time together and in bed. When we went out, we were touching and kissing in public. We even went back to the bar where we first met. We went into the restroom and I got down on my knees and was licking Allie's pussy there. By the time we finished and got back to our seats, the manager came over and kindly asked us to leave. We just laughed and went elsewhere. 

Allie tells me that making the move to women was the best thing she ever did. We are even talking about moving in together. I haven't regretted a minute of time spent with my new lover, Allie.