 Sarah shimmied, contorted, and twisted as she worked herself into her stretchy, skin-tight, leopard-print, tank, mini dress. She managed to get the bottom hem pulled down over her beautiful, round, and very naked ass. She didn't wear a bra or panties, the dress was too tight. For that matter even her pubic hair would have made an impression on the dress if she had any. Her boyfriend, Jake, sat back and enjoyed the show, while resisting the urge to grab his half-hard cock. 

"So," Sarah Said, "you just met these people today, right?"

"Yeah, I told you," Jake replied. 

"And they were naked when you met them?" 

"Yeah, I know it's weird, but that's how it happened."

"So, you were naked, and you meet a naked couple, and you admit that at least the wife was really hot, you talk to them for five minutes, and they invite you for dinner." Jake had gone over the story with Sarah four or five times by now, but she still had a hard time believing this was the sequence of events. Jake had left out the part where the wife, Amanda, had fucked herself with a Corona bottle, fucked her husband, and then jerked Jake off, all in the span of about seven minutes-so, he knew them longer than five minutes. "Say their names again: Craig and Angie? Ashley? What was it?" 

"Amanda," Jake replied, "Craig and Amanda." 

"I still think this sounds weird, that we're going over to their resort to meet this couple for dinner." 

"Yeah," said Jake, "I get that. But I think it will be fun. Craig promised the restaurant would be really good" 

"What do you think is going to happen tonight?" asked Sarah. 

Jake replied as innocently as he was able "I don't know, we'll have dinner, maybe make new friends, why do you ask?"

"Don't play dumb. You have this strange, kind of vague, meet up with a naked couple at a swingers resort and they spontaneously ask you to dinner, oh, and by the way bring your girlfriend. I'm not going to go over there and fuck some middle aged creepo just so you can fuck his wife." 

"That's not what this is!" Jake protested. "I mean, not completely. So, yeah, they are probably swingers. I don't know exactly what they expect. I don't know what will happen, but I don't expect you to fuck anyone. They just seemed fun and I thought dinner would be fun, and Craig said the restaurant was better than anything we have on this side of the wall."

"I know I said girlfriend a minute ago. I know I'm not 'officially' your girlfriend, so I guess you don't officially need my permission to fuck Angie." 

"Amanda," Jake corrected. "And, I know we aren't officially anything, but I wouldn't bring you to Cancun and dump you for someone else. Sometimes I'm a little dense, but I'm not that much of an asshole. Plus, you are super hot and I really like fucking you a lot."

That wasn't quite "the talk," Sarah was hoping to have on this trip but there they were. They were both attractive singles who got along pretty well and made good livings and who had excellent sex. For right now, that was enough to keep them together. "OK," shrugged Sarah, "How do I look?" she asked as she turned to face Jake.

The answer was "stunning." Sarah looked fucking fantastic. She made a lucrative living as a personal trainer, and knew that her look, especially her hard body, drew the highest-paying personal clients her way. Sarah's body was a rare combination of form and function, and she knew it, so she dressed to accentuate it. Her tight dress showed off her strong shoulders, defined arms, perfectly proportioned breasts, shapely, round ass, and long, strong legs. Sarah was thin, but not skinny. She had earned her body through thousands of miles run and biked, thousands of squats, cleans, crunches, presses, and dozens of other exercises. Her breasts she had picked out of a catalog in the plastic surgeon's office. Sarah had spent a lot of money on those titties, so it was no surprise that they were perfect, each more than a handful of soft teardrop shaped flesh, with pink nipples that pointed ahead and up. Sarah spent a lot of money on things like her shiny blonde hair, nails, and skin care. She also had a small collection of carefully selected tattoos. An inspirational quote across her right rib cage, a flower on her left hip, just at her bikini line, and a tiny flower the stem of which started just above the cleft of her vulva with the bud just peeking out of the top of a low rise bikini. She couldn't give any of her clients those things through training, but it was all part of the image.

Jake was dressed in his resort best: grey linen pants, an indigo blue linen camp shirt, and bright blue espadrilles. Jake had dirty blonde hair that he had a hard time keeping in a part, so usually just let it go, and blue eyes which were accentuated by his shirt. The resort dress code required that men wear long pants and closed toe shoes to dinner. Jake would have chosen shorts for himself, but appreciated that the dress code helped maintain the sense of a luxurious and sophisticated dining experience.  

Jake stood up and ran his hands up Sarah's hips to her breasts caressing them. Sarah's nipples responded by hardening, poking out visibly through the thin, tight material. Jake slipped the right shoulder of her dress down her arm. Sarah's firm titty bounced out. Jake bent to suck in her pebble hard nipple. Sarah moaned and exhaled a slow "yeaaaahhhh baby, yeah just like that." Jake's erection strained against the front of his trousers. Sarah drew her open palm up the length of his shaft from the base of his penis. Her fingers worked under his untucked camp shirt and rubbed across the tip of his head that was peaking out of the top of his waistband, topped with a drop of pre-cum. Jake withdrew his mouth from her nipple, and Sarah rubbed her glistening fingers across her nipple. The mixture of Jake's saliva and pre-cum made it slick as oil. Jake licked at it again, tasting himself across her deep pink nipple. 

"Fuck me baby," Sarah whispered, and then immediately corrected, "No! No, we gotta stop if we're going to make it to dinner." She stepped back and pulled the shoulder of her tank dress back up using her other hand to push her breast back in. "Fuck baby," she said. "You make me so horny; you know I'm not wearing any panties. I'm going to have a wet spot on my dress." It was hard to stop, but Jake did, because he had already met Craig and Amanda and knew it would be worth it. 

----------------------------

Jake and Sarah were staying at a luxury resort on the Mexican Caribbean coast. It was a beautiful, modern resort with fantastic food, lots of bars with a seemingly unlimited variety of alcohol, and pristine white-sand beach sliding into the warm, emerald sea. Craig and Amanda were staying at another resort just next door. Craig and Amanda's resort had all the same amenities and the same postcard beach. The two resorts were separated by an 8 foot tall wall that extended ten yards into the water. Where the wall stretched across the beach between the two resorts there was a narrow opening and a small staircase so that someone walking the beach could continue without going into the ocean and around the end of the wall. The main difference between the two resorts was that at Craig and Amanda's resort the guests spent most of their time naked. Also at Craig and Amanda's resort people had a lot of sex, often in public, and often with people they had only just met, or even didn't know at all.

With shoes in their hands Jake and Sarah made their way across the soft sand toward the narrow opening in the wall. "Here we are," said Jake, "ready to go?"

Sarah took a deep breath, smoothed the front of her dress, and answered, "You first."

Jake led the way up the stairs. Craig and Amanda were waiting on the other side. As soon as Craig saw Jake he smiled and came toward them. "Good to see you," Craig said shaking Jake's hand and then reaching past him to offer a hand to Sarah as she ascended the steps. Craig couldn't help but notice the way Sarah's tiny dress crawled up her thigh as she stepped up. 

Amanda greeted Jake with a chaste kiss on his cheek. "So glad you came," she said. Then, Amanda looked past Jake and saw Sarah emerge from the narrow opening in the wall. "Oh sweet fuck!" she exclaimed, "you are a specimen." 

"Sarah, I'm Craig," he introduced himself, "and this is my very forward wife Amanda." Sarah blushed and smiled. Craig, was older, but very handsome, and in a way different than Jake. Craig was dark and ambiguously foreign looking, while Jake was light and looked like a California surfer. Craig's skin was a dark suntanned olive punctuated with thick black hair and dark eyes. He was dressed in black pants and a tight fitting black t-shirt that accentuated his shoulders, chest, and flat stomach. As a personal trainer, Sarah appreciated the work Craig had obviously put into maintaining his body. 

Amanda wore a tight, all white, mini, tube dress that highlighted her rich, terracotta skin. Amanda's dark brown hair flowed in loose kinks and spirals just past her shoulders. Here eyes were almond shaped and gray. Craig and Amanda must work out together, Sarah concluded. Amanda had feminine, but well defined shoulders and biceps and shapely, trim legs. Craig and Amanda were definitely older than Jake and Sarah, but Sarah couldn't quite figure out how much older, it could have been five years or fifteen years. However much older they were, Craig and Amanda carried themselves with an easy confidence that said they knew they were attractive. 

"Look at those legs!" Amanda gushed, "and that waist and those beautiful titties." Sarah was a little embarrassed by Amanda's enthusiastic attention, but her wide smile seemed to say she didn't mind that much. "Turn around," ordered Amanda. Sarah complied and teasingly gave a little wiggle. "Of course her ass is spectacular too," laughed Amanda. Smiling, Sarah bent to slip on the silver high heels she had carried across the sand. "Oh, now she's just teasing us," Amanda said to Craig. To Sarah she asked "Can I touch it?"

"You want to touch my ass?" Sarah asked. 

"Yes, please, I really do," said Amanda. 

"OK." Sarah wasn't quite sure why she said OK. This wasn't exactly the kind of request she was used to, but she suddenly felt much more comfortable than she had walking over. 

Sarah walked to Amanda, facing her. Both were in heels, but Sarah was taller by a couple of inches. Amanda took a step to closer and reached behind Sarah with both hands, gripping her firm cheeks and pulling Sarah toward her so that their torsos met, their breasts pressed together. They had to each lean back a bit to avoid kissing. Amanda ran her fingers up and down Sarah's ass gliding over the smooth, taut fabric of Sarah's dress. After a moment Amanda gripped and squeezed. "Oh my," exhaled Sarah. 

"Turn around," said Amanda. Sarah turned around and bent over, displaying the symmetry of her round ass. Amanda stood behind Sarah and gripped her hips as if she were about to fuck Sarah from behind. "This is perfect," Amanda said, looking at Craig. She released Sarah's hips and began to alternate gently rubbing and and squeezing Sarah's ass. Sarah responded with low moan, and pushed herself backward into Amanda's groin. Jake and Craig shared a grin. 

"Baby," Sarah said looking teasingly up at Jake, "What did you get me into here?" 

"Don't look at me," Said Jake. "I just said we'd come to dinner, you're the one trying to back onto Amanda's cock." Everyone chuckled as Sarah stood up and Amanda gave her a last lingering rub across the ass. Of course Sarah couldn't help but notice Jake's erection straining at pants. For that matter, she couldn't help but notice Craigs erection either.

"Well Jake and Sarah," Craig announced, "we're both obviously thrilled you decided to go ahead and join us for dinner. Shall we head that way." 

-----------------------------

The four of them slid into a booth seat upholstered in plush, deep blue velvet that curved around a half moon table. Three small candles were gathered in the center of the table. The restaurant was dimly lit by modern chandeliers and soft lights that shone from behind each booth. Looking across the restaurant Sarah saw that all the other patrons were shadows sitting in booths. Some had couples, some foursomes like theirs, and some had three figures, though Sarah couldn't really tell the genders of the other patrons. 

Sarah and Amanda were seated hip to hip next to one another in the center of the booth. Both had decided to start the evening with a dry red wine. Jake sat on one edge, next to Sarah drinking scotch and water while Craig sat opposite Jake swirling the cubes of his old fashioned in the glass. Sarah was vividly aware of the bare skin of Amanda's thigh against her own and the occasional touch of Amanda's hand across her leg.

Craig ordered a bottle of Lambrusco for the table that didn't survive the beef carpaccio shared appetizer. A second bottle and bottles of Negroni accompanied the collection of shared Mediterranean white fish en papillote, grilled octopus, braised pork shoulder, and grilled vegetables. Each small, perfectly prepared dish seemed better than the last. For Sarah and Jake it was a heady rush of tastes, textures, smells, and sights. Across the room some of the other diners were starting to kiss and fondle one another. Jake saw one diner who appeared to be alone when suddenly the back of a head bobbed up and then disappeared under the table again. 

For Sarah especially, it was a time of sensation bombardment. There was low sensuous music, the lights behind the booths would slowly transition from deep blue to purple to red, she was a little [fuck that, pretty damn] drunk, and her dress had ridden up so her bare ass sat on the the thick piled velvet that caressed her vulva. Sarah felt alive and present in a way she rarely had, but also as if she were on an alien planet, or temporarily living in someone else's world. As the foursome consumed the decadent dinner and fine wine Amanda's hand danced further and further up Sarah's thigh. Sarah let her legs drift apart, making room. 

The group ordered dessert. Amanda had ordered simple gelato commenting "I think things creamy and sweet." To accompany dessert they ordered rounds of almond and hazelnut liqueurs, espresso, and grappa. Sarah ordered tiramisu. When the deserts were served Amanda said to Sarah, "I almost ordered the tiramisu, try it and let us know what you think." As Amanda said this her right hand rested on the inside of Sarah's thigh, millimeters from her pussy; Amanda could feel the heat radiating from the center of Sarah's sex. 

Did Jake know what was happening, wondered Sarah. He would occasionally squeeze her right thigh with his left hand, but he and Craig seemed deep in conversation about ...something. Turned out Sarah didn't give a shit what they were talking about. Most of the talk had been about the resorts, what they liked, or the food and how delicious everything was. Amanda and Sarah made some small talk about their weeks and what activities each had done or would recommend to the other. Once Sarah was sure Amanda's and Craig's hands must have touched as each had a grip on her inner thigh. As the night had deepened Sarah's thighs got wider and wider.

"I'm sure the tiramisu will be wonderful," Sarah replied, "Just like everything else has been tonight." Sarah spooned up a small bite and as she did so Amanda turned her hand and slid two fingers into Sarah's soaking wet pussy. Amanda hadn't initially meant to finger Sarah there at the table, but Sarah's spread legs were an invitation to continue. As soon as Amanda had touched Sarah's pussy with the tips of her fingers and realized how wet Sarah was it was nothing at all to slide two in. Sarah groaned in double pleasure at Amanda's insertion and the creamy tiramisu. 

"Well, you must really like it," Said Craig, knowingly.

"I really do," replied Sarah, "It's almost like I needed it." It was hard to keep her composure now as Amanda was actively finger fucking her under the tablecloth. Sarah swung from disbelief and shock to pure, unexpected pleasure and the need for Amanda to drive her fingers, or something, deeper inside. Surely, Jake knew what was happening. Surely, Craig knew what was happening. Surely the waiter, the shadowy couples spread around the restaurant, the people passing by outside the window, her puppy back home,her mother, the pope-They all knew she was being fingerfucked in public by a stranger. It was a kind of bliss she didn't know existed. 

"Try your's," Jake encouraged Amanda, "I bet it's great." Amanda paused her motion inside Sarah and looked at Jake for a moment. Then she withdrew her fingers from Sarah's pussy and lifted her hand above the tablecloth where Jake could see they were glistening wet. Amanda put them in her mouth and sucked off Sarah's juice. Jake's eyes widened. He knew Amanda had been caressing Sarah's thigh under the table, but he didn't know all this. He also knew Sarah loved to fuck, but they had never really talked about other women before. His miracle vacation was continuing.

"It's perfect Jake," said Amanda, "creamy, and tastes just right. I feel like I could eat it all night."

"Oh fuck," breathed Sarah, "I need a moment. Jake can I slide out?"

"Of course," said Jake as he stood up to allow Sarah to slide out of the booth.

"I'll join you," Said Amanda, following close behind. 

As the two tight asses swayed toward the ladies room Craig gave Jake a meaningful look. "Well, I told you Amanda wasn't shy," he said. 

"Yeah," Jake replied, "your wife is a lot of fun."

"She's just getting started." 

In the restroom Sarah took a couple of deep breaths. She wanted to splash water on her face, but didn't want to ruin her makeup. "Are you OK?" asked Amanda. "I'm Sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." 

"Oh you didn't," assured Sarah. "Actually, you did. Or I let you make me uncomfortable. Also, I was realllllly comfortable. A lot of things happening at the same time. I really am OK, and it felt really good. I knew this is a swinger or risque or whatever kind of resort, but I was still surprised at how fast things were going, and I guess I was surprised that I was letting it happen so easily."

"You know you don't have to do anything sexual with me or Craig," replied Amanda. "For that matter you don't have to do anything sexual with Jake or with anyone, or anything with anyone. You don't even have to play checkers with anyone you don't want."

"Oh, it's not anything like that," Answered Sarah. "I know we just met, and I've never done much with girls, but I do like you, and I think you are really sexy. Honestly, I was about to cum there in the booth, and it would have been loud and messy." 

"Ohhhh, that is different. Well you know the good thing about us girls is that we can cum over and over. So, sometimes you just need to get one out to help you relax"

"You're saying I need to get out an orgasm?" asked Sarah.

"Exactly," answered Amanda, "and I really want to help you get it out." As Amanda said this she crossed the couple of steps toward Sarah, grabbed the hem of Sarah's dress and tugged it up, over her hips so her skin tight skirt was gathered around her waist, leaving everything below exposed. "This OK?" asked Amanda.

"Yeah," was the whispered reply. "What if someone comes in?" 

"Someone probably will come in; When they get a look at you, they'll want to join in." Amanda gathered her own skirt up, so she was also naked from the waist down. Both women had perfectly smooth and hairless pussies. Amanda pressed herself against Sarah and gripped Sarah's ass. Sarah reciprocated, pulling Amanda's naked front in to her. Sarah tilted her head down to the slightly shorter Amanda and their tongues met in a wet, loud, swirling kiss. 
