 So this the first time I have ever written a story like this, so please be kind to me. If there are any changes that you would prefer then you are open to suggest :)

*****

After my finals in college, my friend Grace and I decided to go clubbing. Because the holidays had started it was just the two of us. There were not a lot of clubs near our college but we finally found one after a lot of searching. 

Grace has reddish brown hair, a pixie nose and an extremely skinny figure. I have a more curvy figure with a slim waist but big boobs and a curvy ass. My dark brown hair hung till my waist and I had a perfect tan from spending a lot of time on the beach nearby. I've always wanted to be skinny like Grace though she has always wanted my big boobs.

I was wearing a black spaghetti strap dress that was tight fitting and came a little above my knees. While grace was wearing a loose sleeveless burgundy dress. When it comes to showing skin Grace has always been a prude while I was known in my college for being a little risqué. When we walked into the club, we could tell that it was the place to be since there was amazing music going on and women in gorgeous dresses. 

"Did you notice something weird, Alexa?"

"What?" I asked her a little preoccupied. Everyone in this place was gorgeous and a lot older. They were definitely not college going.

"There are no men in here. Do you think this is a lesbian bar?" She asked a little horrified. Grace was definitely the straightest person I had ever met while I had experimented a little in college. But I could see what she was talking about. No men whatsoever. 

Just then a really hot blonde woman who must be in her mid thirties walked up to me.

"Hey, gorgeous. You both look a little lost." She said looking at my body up and down with a look of lust in her eyes. She was then joined by several other women who were probably the same age and looked equally hot. All these women couldn't keep their eyes off of me. I felt a little flushed but the attention was welcome. 

"Alexa, I think we are in the wrong place. We should leave now." Grace looked like a deer caught in headlights.

"Come on. We only have to stay for a little while. Don't be rude." I whispered the last part in her ears.

"Fine we can stay but not for long." She said a little angrily.

"Come on let us buy you a drink, Alexa. My name is Shannon." The blonde lady said taking my hand and leading me towards the bar. When I saw the bartender, I knew that Grace had been right. This was definitely a lesbian bar. She had gorgeous blonde hair and was wearing lacy black lingerie complete with a garter belt. Because her boobs were huge and practically spilling out, it made her look extremely slutty. I looked around at Grace to see if she was as shocked as I was but I couldn't find her anymore.

"Fuck! That bitch was my ride."

"Don't worry honey, I'm sure I could drop you back whenever you want to leave." She was now touching my arm with no inhibitions. All the other women were also standing in a circle around me occasionally touching me. Grace's departure had made them much more comfortable. I couldn't believe it but I was immensely enjoying all the attention.

"Brooke, why don't you give us a lot of tequila shots? " Shannon asked looking at the bartender."

"Sure, why not?" She said winking at me.

Five shots later, I had definitely lost all my inhibitions and so had the other women. They kept grazing my boobs and ass over my dress while we danced raunchily to the music. After getting a little tired I returned to the bar and sat on one of the stools.

"What is this place?!" I exclaimed to the hot bartender. She giggled a little.

"You enjoy the attention a lot don't you? You know what could get you even more attention." She whispered to me.

"What?" I was drunk enough that I was ready to try anything by now.

She handed me a pair of scissors.

"That dress is too innocent. The trashier and sluttier it is, the more attention you are going to get. It'll make the women go crazy. Plus the women here are very rich. If any of them wants to make you their plaything or take you home, do not say no. Also be a little more free. A little grinding never killed anyone." She said winking at me.

"Oh, and here is my number." She said giving me a small piece of paper. I put it in my purse but this was too much information for me to digest. Luckily, I was too drunk to get shocked by this. I quickly made my way to the washroom. It was a little dark and sleazy but clean enough for me. I could hear moans coming from some of the stalls and went into one of the empty stalls. I removed my dress and then cut off its spaghetti straps. I, then, cut off three inches of its top and three from the bottom. I could tell as soon as I wore it that I looked slutty as hell, but something was missing. So, I cut of a large v from the front so that much more cleavage was visible. My dress was now the sluttiest in the whole club and I was ready to go out.

As I got out of the washroom, I heard many people cheering me on and catcalling me. Practically every eye was on me and that gave me an amazing rush. As I walked onto the dance floor, a lot of women started dancing with me. I had lost all inhibitions now and was grinding against two women at one time. Shannon came next to me and screamed Whoo! while squeezing my boobs hard and then grinding her ass on me from the front. I was wet as hell and would have done it right then and there. A sexy brunette with much bigger boobs than mine came up to me and dragged me to the center of the dance floor. The rest of the women made way for us and stood in a circle cheering for us. 

The brunette then stood on her knees and pulled down my black lacy thong till my knees. This made the women cheer even harder and now I could feel the brunette's hot breath on my pussy. This made me even more wet then before and my pussy was now dripping wet. She started licking my clit hard while inserting one finger into me. I was now humping on her face and moaning loudly while she continued to eat me. Shannon then walked over to me and ripped my dress from the front. Since I wasn't wearing a bra, my boobs were completely naked for the whole world to see. She started sucking really hard on my nipples while the brunette continued to eat me. I could see that a lot of the other women were touching themselves and were almost as close to an orgasm as I was.

"Yes!" I screamed loudly. The brunette spanked me on my ass hard while eating me out. My dress covered almost nothing. 

"I'm cumming." I screamed loudly as I came on the brunette's face. My legs felt weak as fuck but the brunette and Shannon held me in place. Then the brunette licked off all my cum and was joined by Shannon. They both licked me off clean while I squeezed my boobs. The whole bar was watching me lustily as if they couldn't wait to get their turn.

*****

Vote and comment for more ;)