 So, I know it took me a little time to post this one but it is very long. I hope it is worth the wait.

*****

The first thing I notice in the morning is that I have a terrible headache. My head feels like it is splitting into two. I take in my surroundings as I slowly start to open my eyes.

I'm lying on a huge king size bed. I'm completely naked with only a thin white sheet covering me. The room is at least thrice the size of any room I've ever been in. There is a huge wooden wardrobe next to me. Whoever this place belongs to is filthy rich. How did I come here? The only thing I remember from last night is being on the dance floor while the rest of the women used me in every way they could. The thought turns me on and embarrasses me at the same time. Did I really spend so much time naked in a public place with complete strangers? Wow, I must have been really drunk. But I know wouldn't hesitate to do it again. Last night from what I can remember I must have cummed at least 15 times. But I don't remember going home with anybody and that worries me.

I get up from the bed and tie the bed sheet around me like a towel. I walk out of the room and see that it is a part of a gorgeous big house. I'm on the second floor and I can see the first floor below me. Also there is a huge chandelier which is almost at the same level as I am. I have never seen a chandelier in real life before. Who even keeps a chandelier anymore? Just as I start walking towards the stairs, a gorgeous blonde I have seen before comes up to me.

"Good morning slut. Where do you think you are going?" She says while squeezing my butt.

"Shannon?" I whisper. My voice seems a little hoarse from all that drinking.

"Yep. Now let's get you inside before my asshole of a husband sees you. He hasn't left for work yet. But when he does you can come out to play." Shannon winks at me and takes me to the room I was in. Once we reach there she makes me sit on the bed again.

"How did I come here, Shannon?"

"Oh, honey don't you remember a thing?"

"Well, I remember the dance floor but not much after that." I say blushing furiously. Shannon laughs.

"Oh, so the girl feels shame too, huh? It sure didn't seem like that last night. Well after every single woman in the club had had a taste of you, you had no clothes left. I think someone stole your thong and your dress or what was left of it was too torn. So, I guess someone threw it away. You were totally naked with no ride so I brought you to my house. You were pretty out of it by the end of it all and who could blame you. You had quite a night. " Shannon finds it all pretty amusing. While her telling me about the night has definitely turned me on, I can't help but feel embarrassed.

"Shannon, could I borrow some clothes from you?"

"Oh, not yet. Don't you have a pounding headache by now? I'll bring you something for that." She says giving me a mischievous smile. What does she mean by not yet? What has she planned for me? I can't help but feel like I'm at her mercy. It's not such a bad thing I guess since I'm very turned on by this.

"Here, Alexa. This will definitely make you feel better. " Shannon comes with two tall plastic glasses. They are opaque so I can't really tell what they are. Once I see inside the glass, I can tell that it's some red liquid but my head's hurting so much by now that I down the whole glass in one go. I realize a little late that maybe that wasn't such a good idea.

"What was in it?"

"Homemade bloodymary. Come on, have another." Weirdly enough, the drink has made me feel much better and I have the second glass too. It goes down much easier. I'm feeling a little tipsy but my headache has completely gone.

"Can I have another one?" I ask a little shyly.

"Sure. I'll be right back." She leaves the room. I look down at the sheet and realize that it's come a little loose. I remove the sheet and throw it on the bed beside me. Shannon has seen me naked anyway plus she said she was going to get me some clothes. 

Shannon comes up with another glass and something black in another hand. Clothes!

"I see you got a little comfortable. Here have another glass."

I get up and have one more glass. Now not only do I feel a lot more free but I'm also very horny. Shannon probably notices that so she takes the glass from my hand and sets it on a table nearby. She puts both her hands on me and starts caressing my thighs. This arouses me a little. Wanting to tease her a little, I arch my back so that my 34D boobs are raised a little, closer to her lips. As her hands start caressing my inner thighs, near my pussy, a moan escapes my lips.

"You have been a naughty girl, Alexa" She whispers in my ears, her lips very close to mine. Now she is softly touching my pussy as if teasing me. By this time I'm very horny and can't bear it any longer.

"Harder, Shannon." I moan while my boobs are moving up and down.

She stands on her knees. She starts kissing my pussy everywhere softly. Then I can feel her hot breath on me as she opens her mouth and licks the top of my pussy. 

"Do you want more, you slut?"

"Yes, please Shannon." When I say this Shannon gets up and starts kissing me passionately on the lips. This turns me on even more but has me very confused. I start touching myself while she is kissing me.

"Oh no, you don't. You little slut." She says hitting my hand hard which is still on my pussy. This makes me very wet. I normally don't like it when people hit me but now I want her to hit me more.

"You like that don't you, slut?" She walks a little away from me.

"Plead for it, bitch. And call me mistress."

"Please, mistress. Please make me cum. Please I'll do anything for you."

Shannon laughed. The Shannon that I had met yesterday or the one who had brought me those bloodymaries wasn't the one standing before me now. She was anything but sweet. But I liked this Shannon a lot better. I would do anything if that meant she would be on her knees again eating me.

"Okay, slut. Let me tell you some rules that you need to follow if you need me to make you cum. First, you are my slut and I'm your mistress. okay?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what slut?" She says hitting me on my pussy again.

"Yes, mistress." I say even though I want her to hit me again.

"Good. Second, you belong to me. You will do whatever I tell you to and wear whatever I tell you to. No matter wherever I take you. If I tell you to go to the park naked you will do it, understood?" I hesitate a little. I have never been stark naked in broad daylight in public. But I'm very horny and I'm ready to do that right now if she asks me to.

"Yes, mistress."

"Good, slut." Now she gets down on her knees. I have been waiting for this moment eagerly so I moan even before she touches me.

"A little eager are we slut?" She says looking up at me. The door to the bedroom is wide open. I'm completely naked while Shannon is wearing a tight blue dress. 

"Yes, mistress."

She, then, slowly starts licking me around my clit, never licking it directly. She is still teasing me but I don't say anything scared that she will stop.

"Oh and make sure you ask for my permission when you cum."

"Yes, mistress." As soon as I say yes, she starts attacking my clit with her tongue, sucking on it hard occasionally. I have to hold the bedpost to keep me from falling over and spread my legs as wide as I can. Then she starts tongue fucking me while putting her fingers in me. The anticipation has made me so horny that I'm already about to cum.

"Mistress, may I please cum now?"

"No, slut. Not yet."

I can't control it any longer. I have to cum now but I control it as long as I can because I don't want to disobey her.

"Please, mistress. Please let me cum." I scream while squeezing my own boobs hard. Shannon hits me hard on my pussy. This time the pain is just as much as the pleasure.

"Okay, slut." She says while pounding three fingers in me as fast as she can. As soon as she gives me permission, I cum all over her face. She licks me clean and then comes up. 

"Why don't you taste yourself?" I make out with her while unzipping her dress. She helps me and within seconds she is standing naked in front of me. I start sucking on her nipples. She has the most amazing tan and her boobs are huge but very firm. Her strawberry blonde hair falls a little below her shoulders. She is very attractive and I can't help but think how lucky I am.

"Stop." Shannon orders and I stand straight to look at her face. I'm still squeezing her boobs.

"First, I want you to wear the dress I specially brought for you." She says pointing to the black square on the bed. I walk over and lift it in hands. It's not a dress. It's supposed to be a French maid's outfit but it will hardly cover anything. I put it on and see that it doesn't cover my ass at all and it shows so much cleavage I might as well not wear it. It is made of some flimsy transparent black lace with a lot of frills. If I have to go out it would actually be better if I went naked. 

"You look amazing." Shannon says spanking my butt hard.

"Now why don't you get me a glass of water from downstairs?" Shannon smiles cheekily. Is there anyone downstairs? Didn't she say her husband had left already? But I know better than to question her.

"Yes, mistress." I walk towards the door. As I reach the stairs I see no one else but I hope that I will. Somehow the drinks and the dress have made me confident. I walk with my chest out so that my boobs are even more visible. As I reach downstairs there is another woman standing there whose eyes widen as she sees me. She is the same age as me and with boobs much bigger than me. Even though she is wearing what seems like a normal uniform, I can't help but notice that her white top is completely see through and her black and white skirt is too tight and short. She seems to have gotten over her shock as she confidently walks towards me.

"Can I help you miss? My name is Maria."

"Um..I'm Alexa. I want a glass of water."

"Sure Alexa. Why don't you follow me?" She takes my hand and leads me to a small room. It looks like the pantry but there aren't a lot of things here. There isn't a water filter or a single tap in here.

"Maria, can you get me a glass of water, I'm kind of in a hurry here?" I can't help but think that I'll be punished if I don't come fast enough.

"What's the hurry, love?" She says closing the door of the room.

"I live here and no one sexy ever comes here. You think I'm going to let you go that easily?" She says lustily with one hand in her skirt. I'm a little alarmed at first but Maria is very sexy but I still try to protest so that I can go to Shannon. I walk towards her so that I can open the door.

"Maria, I have to leave or Shannon will not like it."

"Oh, so you are one of Shannon's playthings. Don't worry Shannon punishing you might actually be fun." I'm very close to her at this moment and she uses that to grab me by my ass and bring me even closer to her. She removes both the straps off my shoulders so that my boobs are not covered at all. Then she starts sucking on my nipples. I can't help but moan a little. But I have to get out of here or at least try to. I have a feeling it might not have anything to do with Shannon. That I actually might like getting raped.

"Maria, please let me go." But I don't sound very sincere as I'm already very wet. 

"Don't be a bitch and unzip my top." I can already see her erect nipples through her top and can't wait to have them in my mouth. I eagerly unzip her top and she throws it on the floor. Before I can protest any further, she pushes my head towards her nipples. I happily oblige and suck her nipples biting them a little.

"Oh, yes! You're quite a slut aren't you? Now let me see that pussy of yours." 

"Maria, we shouldn't be doing this." I say while my pussy is itching to be touched. I walk a little away from her waiting to see what she does. She walks behind me and squeezes both my butt cheeks.

"Get on the floor now!" She whispers loudly in my ears. I lie on the floor with my nipples touching the cold hard tiles directly. This makes my nipples totally erect and I moan a little. Maria is now on me pressing my nipples hard on to the floor.

"Good girl, now time for your reward."

She slowly goes down to my pussy kissing my body on the way. Then when she reaches my pussy, she pulls aside the panty line and starts licking it. I'm already so wet that I start grinding my pussy against her mouth. She starts tongue fucking me hard.

"Oh yes! Maria yes!"

"You taste so sweet!" She says while sucking on my clit hard. She then starts fingering my ass. No one's ever done that to me before so I'm a bit shocked at first but now I'm almost about to cum. I press my boobs against the floor and start moaning loudly. If Shannon walks by she'll definitely be able to hear but at this moment I don't care. I cum all over the floor and Maria's face. Maria alternates between licking the cum off my pussy and off the floor. 

I walk up to Maria and kiss her softly on the lips.

"I have to go now but I promise you I'll be back." I pull one of her nipples hard for one last time as she spanks my ass and I run out of the room.

*****

Everyone kept asking me about Grace and I promise you she will come back, just have a little patience. I loved reading your feedback emails and if you have any more suggestions feel free to send me. Until next time x