 Megan spotted Julie from across the crowded gym. The beautiful brunette sat in a chair alone, her back to the wall, tears staining her face. Megan frowned and crossed the room to stand above her.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

Julie looked up at her, wiping tears from her eyes, and shook her head.

Sobs shook my body as I watched the couple near one corner of the dance floor. He was tall and well-built, blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. In his strong arms he held a petite blonde in a blue dress cut too high at the hem line and two low at the neck line. She molded herself against his body and giggled, and the smile that spread across his face sent me into tears again. I buried my face in my hands, but the image stayed even after my eyes were closed.

"What's wrong?" A familiar voice filled my ears, and I looked up to see Megan standing above me. She looked nice in tight dark blue jeans and a green blouse that brought out the fire in her emerald eyes.

I wiped my eyes and shook my head, unable to squeeze an explanation from my tight throat. I motioned toward the couple I had been watching, and she turned to look.

When she turned back around, her eyes flashed with anger. "Come on," she said, reaching out her hand to me. 

I looked around the room tentatively, but my eyes once again landed on the giggling couple. I took a deep breath and took her hand, then looked into Megan's eyes as I stood up. She offered me a warm smile and then turned, and I let her lead me through the crowded gym and outside into the cool night air.

Were those actually butterflies in her stomach?

Megan led me out the door and we walked, hand in hand, around the corner of the gym. We walked a while and then stopped, leaning against the cement wall in a dark corner. Music wafted from the gym where the first dance of our senior year was being held, where my boyfriend had just left me to run off with the head cheerleader.

Tears welled up in my eyes again as we stood there silently, the lump in my throat wouldn't let me talk as I thought about the two of them in there, dancing and having a great time.

"You don't need him," Megan said.

"I wish I could believe that," I whispered into the darkness. I felt Megan's body close to mine, the smell of her perfume filled my senses.

"You are so beautiful and so special, I don't know why you let him treat you like that," Megan said.

I looked at Megan in the dark. We had very similar bodies, small frames with small, perky breasts and small hips. Megan's hair was black and cropped short, sort of spiky and sticking up in all directions defiantly. She had striking green eyes and soft, full lips that didn't need the benefit of make-up. She really was beautiful. I had never understood why she didn't dress a little more feminine and flaunt it a little bit.

Megan saw me looking at her and smiled a little. She took a small step toward me so that our bodies were just inches apart, and turned so that we were face to face.

I felt a warmth spread through my body as Megan moved closer to my. It was a feeling I couldn't explain, I had never felt it in the presence of another girl before. Part of me said I should pull away, but part of me couldn't…or wouldn't.

"Really Julie, you shouldn't let him treat you like that," Megan said. Her breath was warm on my face.

"I know," I said. I couldn't pull my eyes from Megan's.

"I have been watching you for a long time," Megan said. I only nodded. I stared wordlessly into Megan's eyes as she moved closer again, until our bodies were pressed together, melting into one as our lips found each other.

I gasped and started to pull away at first, but as Megan's soft lips parted and her tongue gently brushed against mine, I parted her lips and a small moan escaped my body as Megan's tongue entered my mouth. Megan pressed me against the wall, pushing her tongue into my mouth gently. I tentatively moved my tongue to dance with Megan's, then pressed back against her body. Megan grinded her hips against mine, and I moaned again.

Our bodies still pressed together, Megan pulled her face away from mine and looked into my eyes. I know I blushed a little, but I didn't look away. I stared into Megan's eyes as she smiled at me, reaching up to brush the hair from my face. "Do you want to get out of here?" Megan asked.

I nodded wordlessly, but didn't move. I stood there frozen, Megan's body pressed against mine. We stood there like that until we heard voices from the gym door.

"I'm just going to go out for some fresh air," the voice said.

Megan pulled away from me and smiled, squeezing my hand then letting go. "Come on," she said.

I followed her back the way we had come, past the gym where most of our class was dancing and enjoying themselves, and across the parking lot. Her silver Celica was parked near the edge of the lot, and we both got in.

"Where do you want to go?" she asked me in the darkness once we were inside.

I took a deep breath and looked at my hands. "My house," I said. "No one is home tonight."

She nodded and started the car.

Conversation wasn't an issue on the way across town. Once Megan started the engine, our ears were filled with the grunge punk tunes of one of Megan's favorite bands, and our bodies shook with the low tones of the bass.

I didn't hear a note though. As Megan drove, I trembled. Was it anticipation I felt? Fear? Sorrow for the loss I had just suffered? I wasn't entirely sure.

Traffic was light, and in just a few minutes we were pulling into my driveway. My parents' home, a pale blue two-story on a quiet street, stood empty, dark except the dining room light my mother had left on for me.

Megan stopped the car and the music again fell silent.

"Where's the fam?" she asked.

"They went to Gramma's for the weekend," I said. "Let's go in."

I opened the car door and Megan followed suit. She walked a few steps behind as I went up the walk and the stairs. As I fumbled for my key and unlocked the door I felt her body brushing against me, sending a tingle through my body. I smiled at her as I pushed the door open.

The two of us walked into the living room and I locked the door behind us. "Want a pepsi or something?" I asked.

She nodded, and I led the way into the kitchen. A few minutes later we were headed up the stairs with sodas and a package of chocolate chip cookies. We went down the hall to my bedroom and plopped down on my queen-sized bed.

I flipped the switch to turn on the tunes, and a soft, romantic country song filled the air. I blushed a little as my eyes found Megan's. "I hope this is okay?"

Megan smiled and patted the bed next to her. "It's fine hun. I love this song," she said.

I sat next to her and folded my hands in my lap. She pushed my hair behind my ear and offered me a smile. "Are you feeling better?" she asked.

I sighed deeply and tried to smile. "I'll be alright," I said.

"I know you will," she said, and slowly leaned forward, brushing her lips against mine. "You'll be just fine," she whispered.

My heart beat a thousand miles an hour as she cupped my face in her hands and kissed me gently. Her eyes held mine as she pulled back and ran her thumb over my lips. I opened my mouth and kissed it softly, savoring her smooth skin against my lips and tongue.

Megan stood next to the bed and slowly pressed against my body with her hands so that I lied back on the bed. I scooted myself back further so that I was lying on the bed, my head on the pillows. I felt my skirt rising up my thigh but I didn't reach down to push it back into place.

I felt very vulnerable as I watched her standing next to the bed. She slipped her shoes off and set them next to the bed, then crawled up next to me so that she was sitting beside me on her knees. Her eyes traveled up and down my body, I watched them as they stopped to linger on my bare thighs and on my breasts through my dress.

She reached out one tentative hand and ran it over my stomach, making little circles at first, then moving out to bigger circles and bigger until her fingers brushed over the swell of my breasts. I closed my eyes as she ran them over my breasts, circling my nipples. I felt my skin respond to her touch, my nipples growing hard beneath her fingers as she traced them.

From my breasts her hand traced down my body again, lingering at my hemline. I felt her run her fingers along the bottom of the material, then slide them underneath. Her hand was warm on my bare thigh. So close to touching me in all the places only my boyfriend had, her fingers ran over my skin, sending electricity through me. As her fingers edged closer to the warmth spreading between my legs, I felt my excitement grow. On the outside of my panties her fingers very lightly traced over me, enough to make me gasp with pleasure.

She pulled away from me suddenly and I opened my eyes to see what she was up to. Standing up she moved to the foot of the bed and reached out her hands for me. I took them and she pulled me to my feet. Standing in front of me she reached out and slid the straps of my dress off my shoulders, pushing them off my arms and down over my breasts. Then she took a hold of my dress near my waist and pulled it down so that it fell to the floor and I was standing in front of her in my pink lace bra and matching panties. I shivered a little, but it wasn't cold.

I lifted my feet, one at a time, and kicked my dress out of the way, my shoes going with it. Again Megan reached out, this time with one finger pushing my bra strap from my shoulder so that it hung on my upper arm, then the other. A tiny hint of creamy white breast showed itself over the top of my bra as the straps tug it to the side, and cool air hit my nipples, now barely covered by the thin material. I felt them tighten as she leaned down to press her lips against the exposed top of my right breast, cupping the left in her hand as she kissed. I tossed my head back a bit as I sighed with pleasure. Still cupping my breast her mouth moved to my neck, and I felt myself growing damp and tight.

Her hands moved behind me and she unhooked my bra, holding it there a few seconds before dropping it to the floor. That moment of release, of total abandon as my bra fell to the ground, left me aching for her touch.

Naked except for the tiny little lace panties, she pushed me, a bit roughly, back on the bed. I landed on my butt with my legs spread wide, and smiled up at her as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. Her breasts were about the same size as mine, perky and round, held into a silky black bra that contrasted nicely against her creamy white skin. Her blouse fell to the ground and then she stepped toward me and took my hands in hers, resting them on the front of her pants.

Tentatively I looked up at her, and she nodded her assurance. My fingers unbuttoned her pants and slowly slid the zipper down, revealing tiny black panties, and as I pushed her pants off her hips, I saw that they were thongs. I slid her pants over her well-toned thighs and dropped them at her feet where she could step out of them easily. She pressed one hand against my chest and pushed me back against the bed so that I was lying down, my feet on the floor, and she kneeled in front of me. I couldn't see her, but I felt her touch as her hands started at my feet and slowly made their way up my legs.

When she reached my hips I arched my back involuntarily, squeezing my eyes shut as her fingers hooked through the waistline of my panties and slowly pulled them back. The air hitting my body as she pulled the material back enticed me, made my body want to cry out for her touch. She didn't pull them off, just pulled them back so that the elastic held them on my upper thighs, the crotch of my panties still holding my damp pussy. Lips brushing against my hips and then the upper part of my lips made me jump and cry out, her touch so welcome against my body.

I felt her kissing me, covering all of my exposed skin with kisses as I wriggled against the bed. She pulled my panties back a little more and my pussy was exposed to her, but the elastic still held my legs tightly together. Her mouth found my opening and she kissed me gently. I moaned, surprised at the sound of my own voice as she kissed me, I ached for her tongue inside me.

"Oh Megan…." I moaned, my hands searching for something to hold on to as she slid my panties down my knees and onto the floor, slowly pressing my knees apart until my feet rested on the bed, my knees spread wide.

"I have wanted to do this for so long, Julie," she said as she pressed her mouth against my eager pussy. I felt her tongue dart out at my clit, and I cried out as I clutched the comforter in my hands, bracing myself against her touch.

Wide open to her advances my body succumbed to her probing tongue as she licked and explored my pussy with her mouth and I braced myself against the bed. Her gentle touch led way to a rougher, more insistent one as her tongue lapped at my juices, then found its way to my clit and darted back and forth against it, hardening it easily.

"Oh Megan!" I cried out, and she wrapped her lips around my clit, reaching up to slide her fingers inside me. There was nothing gentle about the encounter now as her fingers pumped inside me furiously and her mouth sucked at me. My back arched harder, I felt myself grinding against her face, and I knew that I was approaching a point of ecstasy I had never been to before.

I sat up and pressed myself against her face as I came, screaming out her name and begging for mercy. She took one more long suck at my clit, leaving me dizzy, and released me as I came for her, her mouth pressing against me. I collapsed back onto the bed and she slowly, gently lapped up my juices, each stroke of her tongue sending ecstasy through my body. Then she kissed the inside of my thigh and wiggled her way up onto the bed next to me.

When I opened my eyes she was lying next to me, propping her head up with her hand and watching me as I panted and trembled. I smiled at her, and she smiled back.

"You have the most amazing body, Julie," she whispered to me, tracing one finger over my bare breasts.

"I've never done anything like that," I whispered back.

"Shhh…" she pressed her fingers against my mouth to silence me, and I tasted my own musky scent. She pressed them harder against my lips and I opened my mouth obediently, taking her fingers in my mouth and sucking my cum off of them.

She pulled them from my mouth and traced them down my chin and my throat, back to my breasts, her fingers, now wet with my saliva, slid over my nipples and pinched them lightly, bringing them to stand at attention for her. I reached one hand behind her and unhooked her bra, letting it fall to the bed and expose her beautiful breasts, her dark nipples a contrast to my pink ones. I slid my hand underneath her body and pulled her toward me, and she came easily, moving her legs so that she was mounting my body, lying on top of me with our breasts pressed together and our mouths so close.

I reached up and held her head in one hand, pulling her in to kiss deeply of my mouth. She tasted so wonderful, the faint taste of my pussy on her breath. Our mouths opened hungrily and our tongues worked their way into each other's mouths, devouring each other in a kiss of pure passion.

I giggled a little bit at my daringness as I reached my hands down around her hips and pulled her body up so that her breasts could find my mouth. I cupped her ass in both hands, holding tightly to her as I sucked those gorgeous nipples, taking them in my mouth and running my tongue around them in circles. She arched her back and pressed against me, moaning, and reached up to hold herself up with the headboard as I sucked and kissed and teased.

With her hands on the headboard she pulled herself up farther until she was sitting on my face, her warm smell teasing me through her panties. Hands still on her ass I reached up and kissed her pussy, feeling my own tingle and jump to life as I did so. I reached one hand around and pushed her panties out of the way to allow my tongue entry to her slick opening, and grasped her ass in my hands as I pulled her into my face, going after her hungrily. She moaned and bucked as she rode my face, and I ate of her juices and fucked her with my tongue.

She tasted so amazing; I had never experienced anything like this. The boyfriend I had left at the dance was the last thing on my mind as I felt her bucking and approaching orgasm on my face. With excitement and pleasure I felt her cumming in my mouth, her sweet juices running down my throat as she screamed out my name.

Motionlessly she sat on my face a moment longer, I flicked at her with my tongue and she jumped. Then she moved back to lie next to me and wrapped her arms around me, holding me tightly in a secure hug. I felt myself drifting off to sleep as she spooned me, her soaking wet pussy pressed against my ass, her breasts pressed against my back.

The light of day was just peaking through the window when I woke, finding Megan's body still intertwined with mine. I wiggled out from beneath her arm and sat on the edge of the bed, watching her sleep. I was still completely naked, but didn't feel the need to make a move to find clothes. I felt a total peace within myself, like I had found where I belonged, and I wondered what would happen from here. Was I a lesbian? If I was, did I have the nerve to admit it to anyone? Only time could tell what my future held, I decided, and I lifted Megan's arm to crawl back underneath it, wiggling my ass against her, half hoping to wake her up.