 I haven't had but three lesbian encounters in my life. I don't consider myself a lesbian. I don't consider myself bisexual. But I have to admit that the three times I've been with a woman were very hot. The first two times occurred very early in my life. The first was a teenage experiment and was quite informative and satisfying. The second was a mid twenties rebellious event. The third happened about six months ago. I am not a youngster anymore. However, whenever I think of this woman, Melanie, it still makes me hot.

I have enjoyed a wonderful friendship for more than two decades with Jonathan. His partner, Karl, is a very high profile, wealthy man. He travels frequently. When Karl is away, Jonathan kindly invites me to accompany him to various places. Jon and I have always enjoyed one another's company and also enjoy many of the same pastimes. Last June, Jon invited me out for drinks and dinner. He and Karl lived in an elegant penthouse in the Turtle Creek area, and they were regular customers at most of the VIP spots around the city.

On this evening, Jon took me to one of the finest restaurants around, located in a five star hotel. Whenever we ate here, we saw at least a local celebrity, sometimes a national, and sometimes an international one. Although never starstruck, certainly not a starfucker, I wondered on entering the restaurant if we'd see anyone tonight. Thursdays were not particularly crowded evenings here and, because of this, we didn't feel rushed and decided to slowly enjoy our drinks before ordering dinner.

We were seated near a foursome, and a few minutes after this I realized that one of the two women at the table was a local somebody. She was married to an obscenely wealthy older man, who was still vibrant and elegant, and she was renowned for her philanthropic activities. She was gorgeous, mid-thirties. I'd seen photos of her, but never seen her in the flesh. And what a flesh it was. Because of the warm weather, I suppose, she was attired in a lovely, skimpy slip dress. It was a beautiful shade of blue, near the color of her eyes. Her polished blond hair, de rigueur in Texas society, was swept up in a flattering chignon. What directed my attention to her was her musical laughter. It reminded me of soothing temple bells.

After our second cocktail, I headed to the ladies' room. As I emerged from the posh stall, Melanie, Miss Socialite, was standing in front of the large wall of mirrors applying lipstick. I stared at her reflection in the mirror. She looked back, and she smiled. It was a genuine smile, not a cheerleader smile. I was pleasantly surprised. I headed to the sink and was immediately accosted by the attendant who proffered various potions. I politely refused and simply washed my hands with the plebian soap next to the faucet I'd chosen. I couldn't, however, keep my eyes off of Melanie. She was just as stunning close up as she'd been at a distance. Finally, I guess my stares drove her to speak.

"You like what you see," she asked, teasingly.

"Uh. Oh, I'm so sorry. I - - - I just can't believe I am looking at someone as beautiful as you are. You are absolutely stunning. And I mean that."

She smiled again. "Well, if you look any closer, I'm going to think you have x-ray vision."

"Well," I returned. "I think that would be a good thing to have."

Melanie turned her gaze to the attendant. The attendant moved to the farthest reaches of the large powder room.

Melanie leaned in closer to me.

"Would you like to explore what you've been staring at?" she inquired.

I could only stare at her. I couldn't believe she'd asked this. I'm sure I must have looked shocked.

"Oh, it's all right," Melanie said. "I just thought, from your look, that you might be interested."

I'm sure I visibly gulped.

"I - - - I am interested. I just can't believe you are."

Again, that smile. She called to the attendant, removed something, money I suppose, from her handbag, and whispered something in her ear. The attendant moved to the powder room's outer door, but she did not leave. She appeared to be at post.

Melanie ushered me into the largest of the stalls at the end of the room. It was equipped with a small chaise lounge. I didn't know if this would work out or not. My other two experiences with women had shown me that I liked to give the woman pleasure, but I wasn't much interested in receiving. I hoped Melanie liked to receive. As soon as the door was securely locked, Melanie grabbed my face and began to kiss me hotly. I grabbed her hands, pulled them away from my face, placed them behind her back, and loosely held her wrists together with my left hand. With my right hand, I cupped Melanie's chin and asked her if she had objections to my directing the action.

"Not at all," she said as she batted those long eyelashes over the incredibly blue eyes.

"Whadda you like, Melanie? Anything in particular," I asked.

"Do what you like," she said.

"Well, maybe you wouldn't like for me to do what I'd like."

"What's that?"

"I'd like to finger fuck your asshole," I heard myself say, but I couldn't believe I'd said it. God, what would that be like?

Melanie looked a bit startled, but only a bit.

"I dunno," she said. 

"Well, let's see where this goes. Drop those straps," I said, pointing to the thin strips of material holding up her dress.

She obeyed. I reached forward with my right hand and pulled the bodice of her dress downward. Her breasts were revealed. I'd have been happier had they not been altered, but they were still spectacular. I didn't like the way they felt, but the nipples begged to be sucked. I took the left nipple between my lips. I sucked moderately hard. She moaned. I sucked harder. She didn't complain. I took her right nipple between my index finger and thumb and pinched it. She didn't complain about this either.

"Too hard," I asked, releasing her nipple for a moment.

"No," she breathed. "No."

I moved my mouth to her right nipple and my hand between her legs. I moved my hand up underneath her dress and up to her vaginal lips. She wore no underwear. Her inner thighs were moist. Her lips were drenched. I placed my middle finger in her. She moaned. I added my index finger. She moaned louder. I began to move my fingers in and out. I moved my thumb up to her clitoris. The moans grew into gasps. I released her nipple and whispered in her ear.

"Faster? Too hard? Circles, up and down, side to side? What makes you crazy?"

Melanie couldn't answer. She was beyond complete sentences. "Uh," was all she could manage.

I moved my mouth to her left ear and whispered.

"I'm gonna fuck you in the ass."

Melanie squirmed. I released her wrists, but told her to keep her hands behind her. She left them there as I moved my left hand around and began to squeeze her right nipple. I moved my lips back to the left one. I sucked and squeezed both nipples very hard. Melanie began to grind her hips around in circles, riding my two fingers.

I extracted my right hand from between her legs, pulled her dress up around her hips, and set her down on the chaise. Her hands stayed behind her. I went down to my knees and used both my hands, placed on her inner thighs, to push her legs far apart. I suddenly came to my senses. What was I doing here? What was I doing period? Was I actually here in this posh restaurant's ladies' room with Miss Melanie Society? Yes, I was. And I was about to delve into that waxed and scented pussy with my tongue. Uh huh. Yeah, baby.

I didn't know where to head first, so to speak. I decided to go for the clit. She was already on the edge. I hadn't heard anything stirring in the outer room, but I hadn't been really attentive either. The attendant had evidently taken whatever task Melanie had given her to heart. I hoped this was going to get loud. My mouth moved to Melanie's visibly wet lips and I began a slow and methodic licking of her sweet, musky twat. Melanie's verbal appreciation was getting louder by the second. Her pelvis had begun a rhythmic movement in response to my tongue. I lapped her clit like a hungry kitten at a bowl of warm milk. The faster my tongue moved, the louder her moans.

I suddenly wanted to slow it down a little. I increased my tongue's swath. I moved from the top of her delicious slit to the bottom and back up again. Melanie's legs shook. I leaned up and headed to her ear again.

"I'm gonna fuck you. Fuck your asshole. Are you ready? Huh?"

"No," she choked out the syllable. Heavy breathing then she said, "Just, just, keep doin' what you're doin.'" 

"No," I firmly said. "I'm gonna ram my finger in and out of that tight ass and you're gonna love it. You're gonna ask for it, beg for it, Melanie."

She stared at me and saw that I was serious.

"O.K. I'll let you. But please finish. Puh- - -leeese.

I returned to my lapping. I concentrated on Melanie's clit and in a few moments she started bucking violently. I splayed my tongue as flat and hard as I could, ceasing its movement. I allowed Melanie to ride it out. Her movements and noises were making me crazy. I truly did want to ram her ass with my finger. 

Melanie's orgasm was long and hard. When she was spent, she leaned her head over my left shoulder. She whispered in my ear.

"That was sooooo wonderful." Pause. "I'm soooooo hot. Put your fingers back in me. Please."

"Not until after you've let me do what you said you'd let me do. Turn over. Put your hands and arms on the chaise. I wanna see your hole." 

Melanie didn't hesitate long. In fact, her hesitancy, the look on her face, was a small percentage scared and a large portion excited. She gave me a half-shy, half-lascivious smile before she turned and assumed the position I'd told her to. And there it was. That gorgeous asshole. I ran my right baby finger in between her wet lips and then moved it to her anal opening.

I rubbed around and around, over and over her opening. Then I slowly, very slowly, increased the pressure. My own vaginal lips were dripping. I had fantasized about doing this to a beautiful woman, and now it was happening. I was almost in a frenzy when Melanie's hip-grinding began again. She was moaning. I leaned to her left ear.

"Do you want it? Do you want it now?"

"Yeeessssss."

"Tell me. Tell me, Melanie, what you want. What do you want me to do?"

"Mmm- - - yyyy, mah, mahmyyy asssssssssssss."

"What about it, Melanie? What about your ass?"

"Fuck it. Fuck it, pleeeeeese."

"You want me to fuck your ass? Huh? Is that it?"

"Yeeeeeeeessssssssssssss."

I entered her anal opening. It was tight and hot. All of her juices from the earlier orgasm facilitated my entry. My finger moved slowly in and out. I studied her pelvic movements to guide my own. As her grinding sped up, so did my fingers. Soon, I placed my left palm on her back and slowed her movement so mine would be more dominant. I started really shoving my finger up and down hard and fast. I wondered to myself if I could switch to my index finger, thinking I would have better motor control. I dispensed with asking permission. I just did it.

Melanie couldn't be held still any longer. She rode the finger in her anus as she had done earlier when my fingers were in her pussy. I reached down with my left hand and placed my fingers between Melanie's legs again. When her right hand moved down to my left one, I allowed the movement. She guided my fingers to her clit again. I softly began to stimulate her. Her body stilled, as if she were anticipating something. I determined to remove my finger from her anus should she get off again. I kept the pressure light on her clit, understanding the sensitivity so soon after orgasm. I continued to pump her ass. I believe there was juice running down my own inner thighs now. Melanie started uttering a low, guttural sound. It was long and bestial and seemed endless. I removed my finger from her ass. This orgasm was less physical, but more intense I believe. Her body shook in a slow, wavelike motion. The guttural sound disappeared, but her breathing was shallow and fast.

Melanie was covered in a mist of perspiration. Her arms, legs, cheeks, glistened with the moisture. I guided her up on to the chaise and on to her back. I moved around to the other side of the chaise and placed my left hand between her legs. I looked in her eyes. They said yes. I sat on the edge of the chaise and began slowly to fuck her with two of my left hand fingers. She made no sound. She simply looked at me. Satisfied. I guided Melanie's left hand up my skirt and to my drenched panties. She quickly placed her fingers inside my underwear. The left hand position did not work for her.

"I can't do it this way. Move back to the other side," she said.

I simply stood up and moved my back to the wall. She took the hint and stood up. Her right hand found my clit and in what seemed only seconds I was experiencing a shattering orgasm. Would the juice ever stop flowing? God, this was so hot.

Melanie embraced me briefly. She then backed off and pulled her dress back into place, both top and bottom. I rearranged my dripping panties as best I could. She opened the door and stepped out into a still empty powder room. As we headed to the elaborate lavatories, Melanie smoothed her hair back into place. Hmmm. Vaginal juice hair dressing, I laughed to myself. I scrubbed my hands then noticed, to my amazement, that the attendant, or the orgasm fairy, had left washcloths on the counter. Hmmm. I wondered how frequently little Melanie indulged in this behavior. She must have guessed what I was thinking.

"No, not often. But sometimes I can't resist."

She indeed was gorgeous. And I'd just had sex with her. Jeez. How was I to explain to Jon why I'd been gone so long? Did I care? Melanie and I finished cleaning ourselves as the time and place allowed and I turned to tell Melanie how much I'd enjoyed our encounter. She was already half way to the outer door, but she turned to face me as I completed my sentence of thanks. She smiled. Genuinely. And I smiled back.