 When I returned to college for my junior year I had a new roommate. My old roommate had transferred to another college of higher prestige at the last minute. It was the school she originally wanted to go to but didn't really have the grades in high school. So she had worked hard, got good grades and they finally accepted her. But that left me without a roommate so my college assigned me a new one. Her name is Amy, and she just transferred in from a junior college. Light brown hair down to her shoulders, nice perky breasts, a good C cup. An ass very much like J Lo's. And a killer smile. Overall very sexy and pretty. And she flaunted it. On the day we moved in she was wearing a pair of tight short shorts and a tight t-shirt. Her thong straps rose above the shorts on either side. All the guys were checking her out. 

We lived in a suite, 2 bedrooms sharing a bathroom and a living room. Katie and Heather were our suite mates. That night after moving in we were pretty sweaty and smelly. Amy showered to clean up. When she came out she was totally naked, drying her hair with a towel. She started talking to me like nothing was unusual. Looking her up and down she looked even better naked than with her provocative outfit from earlier. Her perky tits pointing straight out, her erect nipples looked to be about the size of my pinky finger around. Her light brown triangular bush appeared to be neatly trimmed. The tan lines showed she wore a tiny bikini. As I stared she continued on like this was normal. She pulled on a nightshirt, then we gathered in out living room with some other people for some beers and to catch up on the past summer.

Turns out Amy is a very sexual creature. She has a large collection of sexy underwear. And she wasn't afraid to be in front of me nearly naked or completed naked. It wouldn't be uncommon for us to talk before bed, Amy in only her sexy underwear. We hit it off immediately, quickly becoming good friends. One night she was out and I went to bed. Shortly after that she came in, but she wasn't alone. She had some guy with her, and they immediately found her bed in the dark. It wasn't long before they were fucking. Quietly I rolled over so I was facing them. They were illuminated by the moonlight coming through the window. He was on stop of her, his butt rising and falling as he thrust into her. Then they switched positions, she climbed on top. Her breasts bounced as she rode him. His hands reached up and massaged her tits, her back arched, her head back. He grunted as he came. They stopped shortly after that, Amy falling on top of the guy. He got up, dressed and left. I had trouble falling to sleep that night, the visions of Amy getting fucked running through my head. 

The day after the birthday party Amy drilled me for details of what happened. I told her how I danced and stripped for the guys. I didn't tell her how I fucked the whole roomful of guys, but I did admit to fucking the birthday boy. She hung on every detail. She said it sounded like a hot time, and that she wished she was there to see it. Next time I said.

The following weekend Amy went home to visit her parents. I was at the library when she returned on Sunday evening. When I returned she was sitting on her bed Indian style, wearing only a pair of black lace panties and a bra to match. She had a book in her lap.

"Hi Melissa, my mom made us some cup cakes, have one." She pointed to her desk where a plate of cup cakes sat. Thanking her I grabbed one.

"How was your weekend?" I asked taking a bite of the cup cake. It had a lot of white frosting on it.

"Quiet. My parents took me out to dinner, then a movie. Nothing too exciting." She replied.

"So nothing like the other night with that guy?" 

"So you were awake. Well sorry about that. He wasn't that good anyway." 

"Sounded like you were enjoying it."

"Well ok I was a bit." She said taking a bit of her cup cake. She got some frosting on her lip. I laughed.

"What's so funny?" She asked.

"You've got frosting on your lips, or is that cum?" 

"Hey I'm not kind of girl." She said then provocatively licked the frosting from her lip. 

"Yeah I bet you're not." I replied laughing 

"Really I'm a good girl." She said, then flicked some frosting at me. It landed on my forearm. Looking at her I licked it off as sexily as I could. She laughed.

'Look out here I cum." Jerking my hand back and forth as I was stroking my imaginary cock. 'Oh yeah baby." I moaned while trying not to laugh. Then I flicked some frosting at her. It landed on the bed next to her. She scooped it up, the licked it off her finger.

"My darling that was delicious." She said. We both laughed.

"Well here I cum again." I said as I flicked some more frosting at her. I laughed as it landed high on her chest, almost on her collarbone. She just stared at it, then at me.

"I bet you wouldn't lick this off." She laughed. I hesitated for a second, in the month we've know each other she never expressed an interest in girls. I wasn't sure if she was serious or not. Slowly I got up, moved across the room then sat next to her. Leaning over I licked the frosting off her, then ran my tongue up her neck a little.

"Mm yes that is delicious my darling." I said. As I sat back up she was no longer being silly, she had a serious look on her face.

"What?" I asked. She stared at me for a couple of seconds, then dipped her finger in the frosting of her cup cake. She dabbed it on her chest, this time on the upper part of her left tit. 

"Care to lick this up?" She asked. The silliness left my body, and I slowly leaned forward, then licked the frosting off her. Before sitting back up I laid a kiss her chest. Amy then dabbed more frosting right in the valley between her tits, then looked at me. Without speaking I leaned forward again, getting my mouth and nose right between her tits, licking the frosting up. Then kissing her there. Before sitting up again I kissed both her breasts just above the bra. She stared at me for several seconds. She stood up and walked to her desk. I wondered what was going through her head. Did she like this? Did I go too far? Putting her book down she picked up a fresh cup cake, then returned to the bed and sat down. She put the cup cake between her thighs. Staring into my eyes she reached behind and unhooked her bra. She pulled it off, then dropped it on the floor. Her nipples were erect. She picked up the cup cake, then brought it to her left tit. She tapped it against her tit, covering the nipple with frosting. She pulled the cup cake away. I stared into her eyes, she stared back. She didn't say anything so leaning forward I licked her nipple. Licking it several times before it was pretty clean. Then I sucked the nipple into my mouth for a final cleaning. Releasing it I sat back up. She immediately dabbed her right nipple with the cup cake. I leaned forward, licked her right nipple. I sucked it into my mouth, ran my tongue around it, getting it all clean. This time I continued to suck on it even after it was clean. My tongue flicked her nipple, before lightly biting on it. I tugged on her nipple before releasing it. Flicking my tongue on her nipple, before lightly kissing it. Sitting up, I noticed she had her eyes closed, and a small smile on her face.

After I sat up, Amy opened her eyes, looked directly into mine, then lay back on the bed. She lifted her right leg over me, then put it down behind me. I was now sitting between her legs, her left foot on the floor, her right leg behind me on the bed. Her eyes never left mine. She dabbed the cup cake on her belly, just below her belly button. Leaning forward I stopped, my face just an inch above her. Her belly raised slightly as she breathed in. My tongue snaked out and touched her. She quivered slightly as I began to lick up the frosting. I took long steady strokes. When she was clean I kissed her belly button, then sat up. Again she stared at me for a second before moving. This time she pushed her panties down a little, until the top of her pubes were exposed. She dabbed the cup cake right on the top of her patch. She did more than just a little dab, got quite a bit of frosting in her pubic hair. Pulling the cup cake away she smiled at me. Smiling back I leaned forward, started to lick up the frosting. The top of her panties were right there, in the way. So I hooked my index fingers under her waistband and pulled her panties down even further. Just the very top of her slit was exposed. My tongue ran through her hair, licking up the frosting. Long steady strokes as I cleaned her up. This took me a little longer than before, since I had to deal with her pubic hairs. Her musty sent began to fill my nostrils. 

When she was clean I moved down a little and kissed her panties, right over her slit. Sitting up my fingers were still hooked on her waistband. She lifted her butt up as I pulled her panties down to her knees. Amy then pulled her knees to her chest so I could pull her panties all the way off her legs. Dropping her panties on the floor I climbed onto her bed, kneeling between her legs. Amy put her feet down, flat on the bed. Her knees were bent, and spread enough so I could see her pussy. Reaching my hands under her thighs I placed them on the sides of her ass. Leaning over her I kissed her pussy. Then I kissed the inside of her left thigh, then her right. Returning to her pussy I kissed up and down her slit, occasionally flicking my tongue on her. When I got to the top of the slit her clit was pushing its way out. I kissed it then flicked my tongue over it. Amy moaned. Looking up I saw her eyes were closed. Slowly I licked down the right side of her pussy, then up the left side. Her hips raised up, trying to force my face into her pussy. I licked her clit, with just the tip of my tongue at first, then lapped at it hard. Her body quivered. My tongue forced its way between her lips, then licked up and down her slit. She was really wet, her juices flooded my mouth. Finding her hole I push my tongue into it. Looking up I see Amy's head is back and she moaning. As I tongue fuck her, her hips raise to meet my every thrust. Pulling my tongue out I move back to her clit. Sucking it in I captured it between my lips, then flick my tongue over it. Her thighs squeezed my head as I alternately circled her clit with my tongue, then flicked at it. Amy was moaning loudly now. I felt her stiffen as my tongue lashed at her clit. "Oh my God, oh my God " She moaned over and over. Her thighs squeezed my head even tighter, her body quiver as she came. A new rush of her juices flooded my mouth as I continued to lick her clit. Her thighs continued to squeeze my head as she quivered continuously. After several seconds of this she relaxed, her thighs released their grip on me. She was extremely wet now, so I licked up the all her juices. Slowly I sat up, kissing her softly on her thigh all the way to her knee. Amy still had her eyes closed. 

"That was great, I really needed that." She said without opening her eyes. My hand lightly rubbed her thigh.

Then without looking at me she got up and went into the bathroom. I went to my bed and lay down. I heard her get into the shower. I wondered if we went too far. Obviously she liked what I did, but was she ok with a girl going down on her? Or was this going to fuck up our roommate relationship.

After Amy got out of the shower she quickly dressed, then said she had to go out. Shortly after she left the phone rang. It was Amy's mother. She was calling to check on Amy, to make sure she made it back safely. Then she asked about the cupcakes.

"Did Amy share the cupcakes with you?" her mom asked.

"Yes she did. We've enjoyed them very much."