 This is the third part of my story, the first two can be found on my profile page. Thanks once again to everyone who has sent encouraging messages, they inpire me to write this the best I can. Day 4 should be published in the coming weeks.

EC

*****

"I have high hopes for you Kristy. Most women who come through that door are able to fulfill one or two of our client's needs. It's up to me to pair the right girl with the right client. You on the other hand are a rare breed...someone who I hope can be matched with any desire."

"What about Kelly?" I was back in her office with her cool green eyes examining me.

"Kelly is for nervous first timers, her personality is the winner...putting people at ease is her specialty but I could never put her in a situation where a client's needs are...slightly more serious." I got what she was saying, Kelly was fun, but sometimes you didn't want fun.

"...and Nina?" I couldn't have imagined when someone would not want to sleep with Nina.

"She's beautiful, but that is also a weakness in her. Her looks provide the seduction, not what is between her ears. You on the other hand have both beauty and the brains, and it does take brains to provide sensuality. Have you ever heard of the term switching?" I shook my head.

"Switching is a fetish term, implying changing roles in a sub/dom sexual act...for people, like me and you, who enjoy both being submissive and being in control." Me and you. Was that a hint?

""People like me?" She smiled.

"I can see a lot of myself in you. Think about your submissive side. Two days ago when you came in this office and stood naked in front of me were you not aroused?" I nodded. "Why?"

"I felt vulnerable...not in control."

"Exactly...and yesterday was an extension of that. The blindfold and tie helped you believe you weren't in control. You could have stopped at any time but you didn't. Even your refusal to masturbate is part of that submission to what I order. Did you like it when you found out that I had told Kelly not to touch you?" I thought about it.

"Yes." I was beginning to feel ashamed of myself.

"It's nothing to be embarrassed about, it doesn't mean that you want ball gags and whips...like I said, I enjoy it too...but what about the other side? The lovemaking with Kelly last night, you were in control." She had gotten up from her desk to perch on it in front of me like a teacher, hair falling over one shoulder. "Imagine if it was a beautiful girl in your office, or tied up in a bedroom for you to do whatever you pleased. Imagine...if I was the one tied up?"

For the briefest of seconds Zara had morphed with ease to someone I hadn't met yet. She was girly and innocent inviting me to assert myself over her. It didn't last, but it was there in her eyes that there was a different side.

"I...would like that." I admitted.

"I know you would and you will get a chance to explore that too, so think of today as a type of graduation: your last day of submission Tomorrow when you come in here I want you to be assertive and confident, ready to play the dominant role in any scenario I provide. But with every graduation there is a celebration and it's still up to me how that celebration occurs."

There was a point in every encounter with Zara where my heart would start to flutter, and I could feel my body start to tremble with excitement. It was addictive and the first thing that I anticipated when I woke up. I would try to have a normal existence: eat breakfast, take a shower, go to the gym and workout but the anticipation would grow as the hour for our meetings would near. On that day, I had cut myself off, my mind too absorbed with my cravings to interact with anyone. My shower after my workout had been lazy, closing my eyes as I enjoyed the hot water and soap suds over every part of my body.

I had spent over an hour getting dressed in my room, moisturizing my body to make my skin soft to the touch, trying on different clothes, before settling on a deep blue bra top dress I had bought recently. It came to mid thigh and hugged my curves, the built in bra providing some lace at the top but more importantly pushed upwards to give me ample cleavage. It made me feel incredibly sexy, like a lingerie model. I had taken my time over my makeup; enough for sophistication but not to look like a tramp. I looked great and had added the final touch before heading down to meet her. On impulse I removed my panties, it added a little bit of naughtiness that I had hoped Zara would discover in me.

"How will we celebrate Zara?" I raised an eyebrow and smiled suggestively.

"First, I want to hear about last night, did you enjoy watching us?"

"Yes...we both did, it was...breathtaking." She arranged another chair so it was positioned in front of me and she took a seat, our knees touching.

"Nina's beautiful isn't she, do you want her?" I did, it was impossible not to but right now I was intoxicated with Zara's proximity. She was wearing a trademark navy blue blazer with skirt, a white blouse with buttons undone far enough to spy a black lace bra.

"Yes...but not like I want you." That elicited a sly grin.

"Tell me what you did to Kelly."

"I...I fingered her while she watched you...and then I ate her out from behind like you did to Nina." She leaned forward and placed her hands on my knees.

"Did you lick her ass?" I swallowed, and shook my head. My breaths were ever so slightly getting shorter.

"Did you want to?" Her hands were rubbing my thighs, pushing my dress up, I parted them.

""Yes...but I wasn't sure if..."

"I don't want any more inhibitions from you," she leaned closer to me, our faces inches apart. Her hands had slid to the tops my thighs. "Just like how you didn't wear any panties today...you like feeling dirty don't you?" I whimpered an agreement and reached out to kiss her hard, my control leaving me, pulse racing I tried to hold onto her and find her tongue but she pushed me back down and stood up. Moving her chair out of the way she pulled me up to stand.

"I was an escort for many years...for men and women both. I would be flown all around the world to play out their fantasies...be their girlfriend or their dominatrix. I learnt a lot of about pleasure and sensuality and one thing I know is that the strength of an orgasm is related to the amount of time someone has been in a state of arousal. The longer you wait for it, the better it will be." She had walked behind her desk to open a drawer and produced a pair of handcuffs. My pussy had long since gone wet but now it started to burn with longing. "All you need is to exercise some restraint."

She moved behind me, stroking my arms and then guiding my wrist into a handcuff, the metallic latch closing around it. Then the other one was secured behind my back. They had almost a foot of slack on them so it wasn't uncomfortable but it still put my hands out of action. "I think I'm going to let you keep this sexy little dress on," she rasped in my ear and then I felt her nails run up the sides of my thighs to catch the hem of my skirt and pull it upwards, bunching it at my waistline, exposing everything below it.

"Years of experience has given me the knowledge on how to prolong arousal, how to find someone's erogenous areas..." she trailed a nail down the side of my neck and I shivered, "...anywhere from the neck..." she kissed my back between the shoulder blades. "...to the most sensitive areas of the body." I felt a tip of her finger run gently through my labia, picking up moisture, and moving up to circle my anus causing me to take a deep intake of air. The desk looked enticing to steady myself but I had been robbed of the ability to use my arms and was forced to stand on unsteady legs while she teased my ass, the sensitivity sending tingles to my clitoris and up my spine.

"And where the body would feel my touch..." her finger trailed leftwards over my ass cheek as she moved in front of me, the finger ending just above the hood of my clitoris, "...it would also soon feel my mouth." Her finger slid down again to become coated with my dampness, I bit by lip again as its length traced my clit. She pulled it up to my mouth, using her dripping finger like lipstick on it before her mouth met mine, the taste of my pussy intermingled with our kiss, it was heaven. For the first time my hunger for her was met with encouragement from Zara's sweet mouth, allowing our tongues to meet, responding to my desperation.

When we broke there was genuine desire in her eyes, panting coming from both of our mouths. She pulled the straps of my dress down over my shoulders, making the cups fall to expose my breasts; her fingers dancing around my nipples. We both looked at them as they became erect, the areola dimpling and the tip protruding. She leaned into my ear, continuing to tickle my breast while never touching my aching nipples.

"I've wanted this too Kristy, ever since I got your email. Resisting the urge to fuck you on the first day after you made Kelly cum with your virgin mouth..." her voice was barely audible, husky an inch from my ear, "I played with myself as I watched you submit to having a stranger climax on your face." Her fingers finally found my nipples; still the lightest of touches on them. From the back of my throat came a soft cry through my erratic breathing.

"But I didn't let myself come, Kristy. I kept myself on the brink for so long but never over the edge. Ask me why." Her tongue went to a nipple, dragging its full length against my eager tip and then circling. My head fell back instinctively but I had to return it to Zara's face to watch her beautiful mouth tantalize me. For a moment I was reminded of the handcuffs as I reached out to touch her.

"W-why?" She stopped and came back to my ear to answer.

"I'm waiting for your hot mouth to taste me." Her face went down again to the nipple without her saliva on it and she closed her lips on it, pursing them to squeeze the erect point.

"Oh God...I'll do anything you want Zara...you make me so hot," it was true. I was light-headed from the blood pumping to my brain. I wanted to pleasure her, but I was in no position unless she took off her skirt and pulled my head down to her crotch, which I wanted. Her mouth released my .

"Not today...today is about your body and I know what it wants." She moved from me and went to the same closet as the first day, removing a pillow, coming back and placing it on her desk. She beckoned me with a sexy smile and a solitary finger. I didn't know how she wanted me until she guided me to bend over the desk, my front cushioned by the pillow, my arms still helpless behind my back. The desk was lower than my waist so I had to spread my legs for comfort.

"Are you comfortable?" she stroked a butt cheek. I nodded breathlessly. It was difficult to look behind me but I caught her kneel behind me and then felt her nails again, starting at my ankles, stroking upwards over my calves to tease the backs of my knees. I felt her lips plant a wet kiss on one before a tongue, traced the rest of the way up my thigh. I whimpered, giving up trying to watch and instead burying my face in the pillow. Her slow tongue stopped where my thigh met my ass, kissing the crease. Then I just felt her breath on my crotch, her face had to have been close, as her hand traced up the other thigh.

I felt her tongue on one of my cheeks, ever so close to my crack, licking and then a playful soft bite on it. I was having trouble swallowing I was so turned on. My clitoris was so swollen the sensitivity radiated to the entire area. Then it finally came, her tongue ran lightly from the bottom of my vagina up my crack, not stopping to avoid my anus. A spasm ran through me and an animal cry came from my mouth.

I felt her hands on both cheeks as she pulled them apart; I tried to help by arching my back, wanting her mouth everywhere. Again her tongue came to lick me and this time it stopped on my asshole, circling and kissing it.

"Mmmmm God it's so sensitive!" I managed to mumble into my pillow but Zara didn't stop despite my writhing. It was the most intimate act someone had ever done on me. I felt every movement her tongue tip made on the nerve endings, from light touches to its entire length running up my ass to the small of my back. I had to bite the pillow to muffle the urgent groans that were coming from me.

Finally her tongue stopped and went downwards, parting my soaked labia and lapping at the source of my juices. I felt her face tight against my crotch, her nose pressing against my asshole. Then for the first time in my life I felt a woman's tongue on my clit and I squealed in ecstasy.

Her devilish tongue was moving in slow strokes from my clit to my vagina; her tongue always hitting my clit but also to lap deeply at my wet entrance, applying pressure almost to the point of insertion. The anticipation had put me on the brink of an incredible orgasm with little effort from her and I felt it build with every lap until it stopped suddenly, her face leaving me, my crotch robbed of its warmth.

"Please don't stop...just please don't stop I'm so close!" I craned my head again to look around and she had stood up, walking around the desk ignoring my pleas. She came in front of me, not saying a word, and unzipped her skirt and let it fall, exposing a landing strip of manicured pubic hair. She knelt in front of my face and pulled my head toward her to kiss me deeply. I could taste and smell myself on her; whimpering I reached out with my tongue for more of my juices.

"There's something I've wanted to hear from you Kristy," she had released my head and her hand had gone down to her pussy.

"Tell me," her fingers came back up to my mouth and I sucked on them greedily. Her green eyes had a wicked glint and then I realized what she wanted to hear.

"I want...I want you inside of me..." The urge for her to fill me had hit me hard and I needed to be satisfied. My feelings for her were intensifying by the second and my body demanded the most intimate acts with her.

She stood up and reached into a drawer, producing what I knew she would, a rubber phallus, a harness and a bottle of lubrication. It was black and detailed like a penis. In any other circumstance I would have giggled but my aching vagina made me stare at it longingly as she stepped into it and fastened it to her waist. She looked so hot, still wearing a white blouse and the treatment she had given my pussy hadn't affected her makeup. A second wave of moistness began to cover my pussy in anticipation.

She walked around behind me, and helped me back into a standing position. She tried to turn me around to lie on my back but I didn't let her, instead falling to my knees in front of the dildo, looking up at her and licking my lips expectantly. I was in such a frenzied state of arousal I would do anything no matter how slutty especially if it would turn Zara on. She reached down to slide a hand in between the harness and her crotch, rubbing it briefly and then coating the strap on with the results.

She guided it to my lips and I licked the tip, her cum overpowering the slight taste of rubber. I held my eyes on hers as I took it into my mouth. I wanted to hold the base and reach up to squeeze her breast through her blouse but again the handcuffs prevented me.

"Mmmmm, I love how your pussy tastes Zara, I would spend all day there if you would let me." I put my mouth on it again, going deeper, relaxing my throat to take more of its length like I had done with men. It was long but not ridiculous like I had seen in pornos, it wasn't going to hurt. I took it into my mouth in long strokes, trying to get the harness to cause friction on Zara's clit. Above me I caught Zara's face break and her mouth open as she took a sharp breath, it was working and I was ready.

"Please fuck me..." it was barely above a whisper but Zara responded, pulling me off my knees, my boobs still falling out of my dress that only served to cover my midsection. She pushed me back onto the desk, lying down on my handcuffed hands. I spread my legs to invite her in and then wrapped them around her waist. She uncapped the lube, and dripped a large glob into her hand and then gripped the dildo, stroking it up and down to make it slick. I had to strain to keep my head up and look at the act, I wanted to see everything. She bent over me to kiss me lightly again for one last message.

"This is going to feel so good." I believed her. She straightened and then I felt the tip push against my pussy. It was so wet that the strap on was met with little resistance, the head being taken easily. I gasped as I felt it fill and stretch the walls of my vagina. It didn't have the natural warmth of a penis but I was so hot down there it quickly felt a part of me. Zara inched it further into me, taking it slow for me to adjust. I urged her on with my legs, pulling her closer even though it was getting tighter.

She withdrew and then pumped inwards again, pushing deeper. I moaned with every new part of my vagina it reached, her hand guiding it in while another stroked a thigh. She pumped again and this time she got it to the hilt, completely filling me. I was panting feverishly, wanting to feel its stroke against my ridge where I was most sensitive. Zara looked down at my face, probably contorted in pleasure, and then moved a thumb to my clit.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck that feels good," my voice was piercing, begging for more. She toyed with my clit as she began to move the dildo in and out, slowly, almost removing it completely and then pushing all the way in again. I was grunting through heavy breaths. I needed more: for her to fuck me faster but she kept an even pace, making the orgasm develop slowly.

I managed to prop myself on my elbows somehow to see the rubber dick move in and out of me, moaning with each inch I took, the black length disappearing into my pink folds. Zara grabbed my face, a thumb pushing it to my mouth allowing me to suck on it while I glared at her beautiful face, almost angry that I couldn't use my hands to rip her shirt off and feel her entire body on mine.

"Is this what you wanted?" she rasped, her voice trembling ever so slightly.

"God yes...I've wanted you so bad...oh fuck you're going to make me cum so hard." She thrust deep again and then held it, a quivering sigh escaping my mouth. She leant over to pleasure my tits; her hand roughly squeezing a breast to bring a nipple to her mouth nursing it relentlessly. It pushed me to the edge.

"Uhhhhhhh, please god yes, suck on me," I felt her hips move, the dildo starting to work in and out as she licked and sucked on my tender boobs. And then it happened, I couldn't prolong it any further, I sucked in all my breath and held it, my eyes closing, my back arched; pressing my breast further into Zara's soft mouth. I dug my heels into her back and got every centimeter possible of the strap on into myself. From below a shockwave hit my whole body and it erupted out of my mouth in a wail.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my god I'm cumming, uhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Zara pumped it deeply one last time to hold it inside me, my vagina pulsating and my body bucking on it. It felt like it lasted an hour, all the pent up lust making the orgasm plateau as I continued to convulse from the power of it.

"Oh my god, ohhhh fuck, that feels so good," Wave after wave hit me before it sadly subsided. Zara finally released my wet nipple, straightening to slide the strap on out of me; leaving a trembling cavity. She stared at me, lightly panting, saliva making her lips glisten.

"You don't know how beautiful you looked as I made you cum," I looked up at her, hair in my eyes, not being able to clear it away. I almost wanted to tell her I loved her, to ask her to uncuff me and take me to bed where we could undress each other and I could explore her body like she did mine. I would have done anything she had wanted. But I didn't, I could only hold her stare, hoping that she saw I wanted more, as my breathing finally steadied.
