 Thanks to everyone who has emailed me or left comments. Please continue to do so as they encourage me to continue. 

EC

*****

It was great to finally get out. Three days there had felt like three days on the moon. I had hitched a ride with Gabby who had crashed overnight after being with a client. She was a pretty Hispanic woman with jet black hair and a long elegant nose. She said she specialized in fetish modeling: high heels and leather as she put it. I could see it in her, there wasn't much of a soft side and she had a cartoon figure with long legs and fake boobs that probably fit perfectly into any sort of kinky wear imaginable.

I asked her how she came to work at Avalon and she said that Zara had contacted her directly. She had her own website and freelanced to just about anybody: men, women, photographers, even commercials. Zara had called to arrange an appointment to see if she would be able to entertain clients on site. The rest, as she said, was history.

"You'd be surprised how much someone will pay just to lick your heels." I felt that needed to be put on a T-shirt or at least a bathroom wall. In the back of my head I wondered what type of paces Zara had put Gabby through. I stifled a laugh at the image of Zara sucking on a six inch stiletto, it didn't seem like her but what was I to know? She said she enjoyed switching after all.

She dropped me off on Santa Monica and I treated myself to brunch. I hadn't been eating particularly regularly so I treated myself to a hearty meal. I did some clothes shopping afterwards, picking up some essentials before heading to a sex shop. I was a bit nervous and wasn't sure what to expect but it turned out to be a lot more vanilla than I thought.

The staff was very helpful and in the end I felt like I was just doing some grocery shopping, the sales assistant at the counter not flinching at the basket of items I had selected. It was expensive though. I had researched what I was looking for the previous night and from the online reviews, it seemed like you had to pay top dollar for your guilty pleasures. I reluctantly threw it on my credit card, but once I left I felt a sexual thrill about being able to use what I had bought.

I strolled around a bit more, mainly people watching and wandering into any interesting stores, but eventually I found myself lost in my own thoughts and began to crave the confines of Avalon again. The real world started outside its gates but I had had my fill of it and wanted to immerse myself back into the sensual life I had experienced over the previous three days. It was getting toward afternoon and excitement was building in me once again.

I cabbed it back and headed to my room to get ready. Kelly had been texting me to see where I had disappeared to, I really did want to catch up with her but I was pressed for time. I quickly showered and did my makeup. I picked out a black strapless ruffled top and a pair of denim shorts. I opened the bag from the sex shop and removed what I needed from the packaging, making sure everything worked before slipping them into my purse.

I had no chance to get nervous. I was going to be taking a leap and wasn't sure I was ready for it. Zara had sent me the customary reminder to meet in her office; I dashed down and took a couple seconds before entering to compose myself, giving myself a word of encouragement under my breath.

Zara was in her chair once again, wearing a green peblum dress with white fitting pants. She looked a bit younger that day, with her hair pulled back in a pony tail, bright colors taking an edge off her usual authoritative appearance. She still looked incredibly sexy and as I sat down I once again doubted my ability to assert control over this sophisticated woman.

"Good afternoon Kristy...have you had a chance to think about what we talked about yesterday?"

"A little..." I tried to be cooler, dismissive.

"Good...today I thought that we explore some scenarios for clients that prefer to play out their submissive roles such as..."

"I thought we could try something a bit different." She stopped dead and looked at me quizzically.

"What precisely do you mean?"

"That would spoil the surprise...I'm assuming that the room that we used two days ago is available?"

"Yes...but why?" I got up from my chair to circle her desk, perching on it in front of her.

"I recall that you presented me with a challenge yesterday and I intend to fulfill it, but that requires a certain amount of trust." I smiled at her and held out my hand. She gave me a bemused look but in her eyes there was a hint of intrigue. After an anxious heartbeat, she took my hand, allowing me to pull her up and lead her from the room.

The room hadn't changed in the two days with the exception of some housecleaning. I moved the chair from which Zara had watched me be teased by the mystery woman to the foot of the bed, telling Zara to sit down.

"I have been thinking about what you said," I was behind her, whispering into her ear, "about switching and how you enjoy both..." I allowed my hands to run down her shoulders and arms, "...and especially how one needs to exercise restraint." I closed the handcuff from my back pocket around her wrist and she flinched, whipping her head to look at me, the curiosity was gone and she fixed me with an impassive stare. For a second I wanted to apologize for misreading her and crossing a boundary, but after she made no effort to move her manacled hand from behind the chair, I continued, pulling her other wrist into the other cuff.

Standing up behind her I tugged on her ponytail making her look up at me, stroking her cheeks, I kissed her softly, our faces upside down.

"Who's in control now?" She tried to reach her mouth up to kiss me again but I held my lips out of reach. A twinkle of satisfaction came over her face as she smiled ever so slightly.

"You are." She had acquiesced and my stomach did a somersault, a dull ache forming in my crotch as it began to dampen. I believed in myself now and I loved it. I could have done anything to her, all the things I had wanted but I wasn't going to let her get off easily. I sat on the bed in front of her to open my purse.

"I thought I could also find a use for this..." I produced a small vibrator that I had bought that morning. It was soft and curved to follow the contour of a woman. I leaned into Zara, smiling I licked the vibrator in front of her face. "It's remote-controlled." She issued a tiny laugh and I held it to her mouth; she licked it as well while gazing into my eyes. Straddling her thighs, I unzipped her pants, her legs spreading to let me wedge the vibrator against her clitoris, my other hand cupping her crotch through her pants to feel its heat. I reached behind me to grab the remote, a small pink disk that could have been for a car lock. It had plus and minus buttons to control the strength of the vibrations. I turned it on at the lowest, touching her crotch again to feel it. Zara let out a sigh and closed her eyes.

"Does that feel good?" She nodded slowly. I left it on while I zipped her pants back up; I wanted to keep it as discreet as possible. "Mmm, you look amazing." I got up to let my cleavage hang over her face, letting her kiss my chest, her breathing becoming audible as I increased the speed a few notches. She whimpered and gently bit one of my breasts through my top. I gasped in surprise and was tempted to remove my top to tease her further when a knock came at the door. I turned the vibrator off to gauge Zara's expression. She was flustered, but her eyes were gleaming with a confused excitement.

"Wait right there," I let a finger touch her lips before dismounting her and opening the door. Nina was on time; I had texted her before meeting Zara. She was gorgeous once again, dressed in a ridiculous black lace baby doll with matching underwear, like she was straight from a Playboy shoot. She always inspired uninhibited lust in me, I wanted to take her immediately and let my mouth explore her body but she was still unaware of the situation.

"Hey there!" I let her in, reproducing the flirty Kristy that she knew from the night before. I closed the door behind her and followed behind her as her steps stopped, taking in the scene.

"Wait a minute, what's going on here? Zara...?"

"So, I kinda lied last night...I'm not the one that's going to be doing the watching." I had crept up behind her to put my hands on her hips. She swiveled to look at me with an arched suspicious eyebrow.

"You set this up didn't you? Just expecting me to jump in the sack with you?" My heart was starting to drop; she wasn't into what I had planned.

"Did you know about this?" She turned to Zara who shook her head with a smirk. The bitch was enjoying my plan falling apart. Nina turned to me again and a smile broke across her face.

"You're one crazy bitch Kristy," she laughed but it didn't sound cruel. She moved into me and draped her arms over my shoulders. "So what did you have in mind? Some kind of tease?" Her face was close to mine, her breasts pushing against me, my confidence returned.

"Something like that..." I couldn't hold back any longer, her smell was too intoxicating. I kissed her hard, my lips locking on hers and my tongue diving deep. She replicated the passion, her mouth open wide and our lips mashing together. I was blown away by Nina's eagerness as she began to grope my ass and chest, letting me do the same to her, our frenzied hands everywhere. The kiss broke the dam in my pussy and I felt what had been simple moistness turn into a flood.

"You chose the right girl." Breathlessly, she flashed a wicked smile and pulled me towards the bed. I pushed her onto it and crawled on top of her, kissing her feverishly. I was still vaguely aware of Zara's presence, but I was having trouble not losing myself in my attraction to Nina. As I stopped to catch my breath, I promised myself to slow down to prolong the tease but my body wouldn't listen and I had to return to her mouth or neck, my hands daring to touch more, wanting to rip her out of the flimsy lace. It was Nina that reminded me that we had an obligation to our audience, guiding me into a sitting position on the bed opposite Zara; she swung her legs around mine so she was sitting behind me.

My eyes met Zara's. She was staring intently at us, her sleeveless arms still cuffed behind the chair. She still looked calm, enjoying her view but not yet to the point of desperation. I thought about the remote in my pocket but Nina's hands distracted me as they ran up my thighs, her lips meeting my neck. I purred and gripped her legs, digging my fingers to let her know that I wanted more.

"Let's get you naked." Nina unlaced the strings keeping my top up and pulled it over my head, her hands stroking any newly exposed skin on my lower back before removing my bra, freeing my breasts. Her touch came to the sides of them, circling around their mass to my cleavage and around again. I leaned back into her, feeling my nipples want for stimulation, I closed my eyes to enjoy the feel of her electric hands on my boobs.

"Mmm, just like that...tease them..." I forced my eyes open to stare at Zara, making sure her eyes were tracking Nina's hands, a clear hunger behind them. I hit the button on the remote through my pocket and noticed Zara clench her jaw, a chuckle escaped me but was soon followed by a gasp as Nina's fingers closed around my nipples. I turned my head to kiss her as she pinched them, bolts of pleasure shooting to my pussy. Without thinking I grabbed one of her hands and pushed it down to my crotch for my hips to grind on, the pressure on my mound making me moan into Nina's mouth.

"Can you feel how wet I am?" I asked, loud enough for Zara to hear. Nina gave a delicious nod with her bedroom eyes and suddenly pushed me to stand and her hands went down to my shorts, unbuttoning them. I quickly pulled the remote out, holding it in my hand before Nina pulled my shorts down. Nina coaxed me to bend over Zara with pressure on my lower back and I was forced hold myself up with my hands on the back of Zara's chair. We were practically cheek to cheek, my boobs inches from her mouth, and just below her breaths I could make out the sound of the vibrator.

"I can't stop thinking about what you did to me yesterday...the feel of your mouth on me..." I reminded her. Behind me Nina laid a kiss on one of my cheeks as she peeled my underwear off to my ankles. Zara let out a long breath through pursed lips, it sounded like the vibrator was making it hard for her to keep calm.

"Tell me what she does to you." I was blocking her view but Zara still wanted to know. I put a hand on her face, rubbing a thumb along her lips giving her the opportunity to suck on it. Nina's tongue finally licked my labia, the entire area felt swollen and sensitive. I groaned but still could manage to whisper Zara through it.

"Her tongue is on my pussy...mmmmm...she's running it up and down my lips...ooooh...it's on my clit...she's licking it...it feels so warm..." Zara was staring intently at my face as I gave her as much detail as I had the composure for. "...her lips are everywhere...oh god... she...she's licking my asshole...oh fuck..." my legs were trembling as Nina rimmed me hungrily, "...oh fuck it feels so good Zara." I pulled my wet thumb away from her mouth to grope my own tit, tugging at a nipple with her saliva.

Nina continued to tease my anus while I felt a hand move to my vagina, "...uhhmygod...mmmm...her fingers are inside me...Jesus." Two fingers had slipped in easily to my soaking pussy, pumping inside of me as I could feel the tips connect with my G-spot. I could barely take it and I abandoned my commentary to bury my mouth in Zara's neck, groaning with Nina's thrusts, her mouth still lapping at my asshole.

I increased the intensity of the vibrator as ecstasy swelled in me, hoping Zara would close in on her own orgasm. Nina's fingers and mouth were working on me quicker and I was struggling to breathe.

"Mmmm...she's going to make me cum Zara..." I pushed my tits into Zara's face, needing her mouth on me and she responded passionately, locking onto a nipple sucking and nibbling. It was pushing me over the edge and I put the vibrator on max, hearing a muffled moan from Zara as the strength of her sucking increased. I pulled her face back to look at her, both of us panting.

"Are you close?" Zara nodded, swallowing between breaths. I turned the vibrator off, just as I reached my peak, my hand digging into her shoulder, crying out as it hit me. "Uhhhhhhhhh god yes!" I cried into Zara's face, grunting through the climax as my pussy clenched on Nina's fingers, my ass bucking on her tongue to milk the rest of the orgasm.

Eventually I straightened to let her fingers slide out of me and I turned to pull Nina up to a stand bringing her fingers between our mouths so we could kiss through them, our tongues picking up the taste of my cum.

"You turn me on so much...I want to eat you."

"Be my guest," Nina whispered between another kiss. I took my cue and pulled off her lace top, pausing to look at her breasts. In the back of my mind there was a pang of jealousy at the perfection of her body but it was overtaken with a need to taste her. I sat down on Zara's lap and pulled Nina's breasts to me, licking a nipple while kneading the other with my hand.

Behind Nina's back I tossed the remote to the bed, freeing a hand to explore her sumptuous body. I kept my eyes on her face as I sucked on her boobs, her mouth open as she uttered soft pleas to continue. My hand finally met her crotch, feeling the dampness through her panties. I wanted to touch her everywhere, but she didn't allow me to leave her panties as she gripped my wrist, holding my hand there as she started to rub herself on it. I continued to kiss Nina's torso, exploring everywhere frantically: her cleavage, her stomach and then returning to her nipples.

I was ready for more so I pulled her panties off, getting up to guide her onto the bed, her head pointing towards Zara. I moved between her thighs, planting kisses along the length of her legs. I glanced back at Zara to check on her arousal, there was almost a look of anger from being denied her climax but her lips betrayed her, slightly parted to allow increased breathing even without the vibrator turned on..

I pushed Nina's thighs back to raise her waist in the air, forcing her legs back to her shoulders, her ass facing upwards just below my mouth. I smiled at her before running a tongue down her crack to her pussy, making her grunt through her teeth. I did it again this time pausing on her anus, lapping at it harder, even kissing it with my lips.

"Fuck you're such a dirty bitch..." I was still apprehensive about doing it, it felt taboo, but Nina's response encouraged me. Deep down inside being called dirty turned me on and I responded by pressing my mouth harder on her, making sure she felt all my tongue on her ass before dipping it into her vagina to taste her sweet flavor. The taste unhinged me further and I gorged on her entrance.

"Mmmmm that's it put your hot little mouth on me..." I did, moving to flick her clitoris with my tongue, occasionally pausing to lick at her hole as more of her cum would secrete as Nina would urge me on with her moans. I reached for the control again beside me, turning on the vibrator again to make Zara feel a simlar pleasure. I heard a whimper from her chair once I pushed the button; her beautiful face creased in desperation. I increased the rhythm on Nina's clit, pushing her closer to an orgasm, her eyes closed as she held her legs back, all the while mumbling soft curses. I heard Zara gasp again and turned off the vibrator. I wanted to keep her close without satisfying her, to let her know who was in control.

Suddenly, Nina's cries began to intensify and I knew she was past the point of no return. I could afford to slow my strokes, leisurely dragging my tongue over her swollen button, knowing that it would still get her off. Finally she sucked in a last breath and pushed my head harder on her pussy. I hugged her waist to hold her still as my tongue took her through the orgasm.

"Ohmygodohmygod, fuuuuuck!" she screamed out and almost pushed me over as she arched her back up and threw her legs over my shoulders, squeezing my head with her thighs as she clawed at the bedding. I tried to keep my mouth on her for as long as possible through the convulsions but she eventually pushed my head away as her climax died, curling into a fetal position on the bed, her moans almost sounding like sobs as she caught her breath.

I looked at Zara, licking the taste of Nina off my lips. Her eyes were wide and pained; I felt I had finally torn down something that shielded her cool exterior. I crawled over to Nina's face, kissing her on the cheek to open her eyes.

"How was that?" She laughed lazily.

"Oh my God do you have to ask? I need a nap or something now...that took a lot out of me."

"Good, why don't you get dressed and leave us alone to chat...maybe we can do this again sometime if you have the energy."

"Mmmmmm...that sounds interesting." She gave me a soft kiss before rolling out of bed to put on her clothes. "I'll leave you two gals alone, thank you...for a very entertaining afternoon." I followed her out and she gave us both a bemused wave before leaving. I turned to Zara, my confidence sky high; I felt I could do anything. Still naked, I sauntered over to her.

"Did you enjoy yourself?"

"I think you know I did." I undid her pants, withdrawing the vibrator streaked with dampness.

"I could do this all day, bringing different women down and forcing you to watch us while I denied you an orgasm, but alas...I know you have work to do." I decided to dress in front of her before removing the handcuffs. "I feel so relaxed after that, I can't imagine how you must feel. Will you touch yourself when I leave?"
