 It is a cold winter night here in the upper mid-west. But not so cold that my friend Barb and I can not get together for our weekly get together for some fun.

Either she comes to my place or I will go to hers. Whoever travels brings fast food. Before we eat, we get comfy. By that I mean we strip, put a remote butterfly in place, put on tight body hugging panties which help secure the butterfly at that magical spot. We also insert a panty liner before securing everything in place for good reason. We put on terry cloth robes that have been pre-warmed in an oven to make them so cozy when touching our aroused senses.

We get the table ready for the fast food before it gets cold. At the time we sit down to begin eating the food, we turn on each other's butterfly, which are remotely controlled.

The one that has an orgasm last from the butterfly gets to be eaten first as a reward for being able to hold out the longest from having an orgasm. It has become a game with us. We really struggle while we are eating because the other person is controlling the vibrations of the butterfly. We giggle and laugh at what is happening to our bodies as the toy vibrates and works up our passion for more intimate pleasures as we are trying to eat. 

This particular night Barb orgasmed before I did meaning she would do me first with her hot tongue.

As soon as a person had orgasmed the units would be shut off but left in place.

After the meal we clean up the meal mess and giggle while doing the chores. Our state of arousal was increasing knowing the time for some real fun was approaching. Feeling our hardened nipples rubbing our robe, keeping our tension up also.

The person that is the first to be treated has the choice of sofa, chair, bed, floor, table, or any other venue of choice to have the pleasure take place.

Since I was the person that was going to be treated first, I opted to use the chair where I could drape my legs over the armrest, have my butt at the edge and everything fully exposed.

Another thing we had agreed on, is that the person doing the dessert snacking may use any and all means at her disposal to bring the other person to an orgasm in the fastest possible time. Everything was fair game.

This particular evening I placed myself into the chair and readied myself for the mouth, lips, tongue, fingers and toy action that would bring me to a big "O". 

We always kiss when we are in position to play, to kind of get things started, feel each other's breast pressing into each other and to make sure the other persons nipples are hard.

This pretty much sets the stage for the story.

Barb decided to start our session after the preliminary playing by licking from my knees, up the inside of my thigh to the magic button but not touching it. 

I was pinching my nipples and massaging my boobs.

My mind drifted back to my teenage days and the first time I ever experienced girl on girl sex.

I knew that I would get boobs sooner or later because all girls did. I never realized what pleasure they could bring until my buds started to appear. God they were sensitive. I tried to get my tongue to them while messing with them but could not reach them. I filled out as I was maturing.

In high school, I did what most of us girls do and enjoyed my time there but never experienced girl/girl sex

It was not until I was invited to a sorority party in my second year in college that I was introduced to it.

I was invited to a sleep over at the sorority house by one of my classmates in Spanish class. She indicated that it would be sophomores and up through grad school and no boys.

I had been to sleep overs in high school. I also felt it would be a great way to make new friends, so it was no big deal.

At the sleep over, we watched popular videos, snacked, danced and talked about the boys. My gender reading this knows, so no details are necessary.

As we got tired, we would one by one drift off to the area we had chosen to sleep. We had spread our sleeping bags around earlier. We got our favorite cuddly friend (yes, still used mine), pillow and zipped ourselves in. There were not enough beds for all of us, we were asked to bring sleeping bags.

I must have fallen asleep when my head hit my pillow because I heard nothing more until hearing, "Mmmm...mmmm...mmmm." It was quite for a few seconds, then I heard, "Yes...Oh god...Yes!" next. Then silence again. The room was dark except for a little night-light. I did not make a move but my heart was racing wondering who and what was going on. I was so wide-awake by then as if I had 100 cups of coffee or cans of soda. 

I strained to hear more and then, I heard a much softer, "Mmmmmm...mmmmmmmmm...oh...mmmmmm."

This was followed with a more audible, "Use your tongue, Jean." 

My heart leaped into my throat and my heart started to race. 

I knew Jean was two sleeping bags over but...

I squinted in the dark and could see the outline of a head, as if looking downward, moving and rocking slightly.

My God, Jean had gotten into the sleeping bag of Erin and was doing something pleasurable to her. Was Jean licking Erin's boob like I lick mine and wishing it was a boy's tongue and not my own?

This went on for some time. All the while my heart was racing and I was getting wetter and wetter in my panties and could smell my leakage. What was happening to me? 

I had read about girls doing this but to me they were slutty girls in a story not my classmates. 

The soft sounds of enjoying the pleasures of what was happening continued until Erin said, "Let's use our fingers on each other's clit." 

I knew I inhaled a large amount of air upon hearing that.

I lay there frozen.

Jean and Erin must have started to use their fingers on each other because the moaning from both of them was very pronounced. Who else was wide-awake listening? Where they getting wet? I then heard from one, "I'm there, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

About a minute later I heard, "Me to, Mmmmmmmmmmmm!"

My God they had gotten each other off. What was I going to do? My clit was protruding from its hiding place. My lips were so swollen, just like if I had been masturbating.

I decided to slide lower into my bag, bury my face in my pillow, reach into my panties and rub that button that made me always feel good. 

I slipped my hands into my panties, rubbed my clit and muffled my moan in the pillow.

I drifted off to sleep and next awareness was smell of coffee and hearing chattering. I opened my eyes and Erin and Jean were gone and others as well. They must have been in the kitchen.

I reached for my robe and put it on while sitting not wanting to show my stained panties to anyone.

I went to the bathroom, showered and went to the kitchen dressed, smelling fresh.

I avoided Jean and Erin as much as I could the rest of the day.

Things seemed normal which relieved me.

That evening then we made Bar-B-Que chicken along with hot dogs and hamburgers. Everyone had brought something so it was a spread of all kinds of deli foods from the super market.

We shot pool downstairs, danced and watched more movies Saturday evening.

By the way I found out later Jean was in Erin's English class and they were roommates at a dorm since their first day on campus. 

When it was time to hit the bags again I selected the spot I had from the previous night and I noticed Erin did the same but did not see Jean.

Erin asked me if I was having a good time. She said she regretted not having been with me at other functions. We chatted about the party and the fun of being out away from dorm life and being with friends.

I was lying on my left side looking at Erin and she was on her right side looking at me as we were talking.

I noticed her raising her face to someone behind me and said, "Hi Jean, I thought maybe you had selected another place to park it tonight."

Jean said, "After looking for a space this seemed to be the better of the choices. I see you are getting to know Amy better."

The lights went out and Jean was struggling to get her bag in a position next to me on the other side. This caused my heart to pick up some extra beats.

Then Jean asked, "Are you having a good time Amy? Erin and I think this is a great sleep over."

"Yes Jean, its a nice break from the books."

Then Jean said, "Did you enjoy yourself after the lights went out last night?"

My heart almost stopped. Was she referring to me playing with myself or did they know I was watching and listening or both.

"What's wrong Amy, too embarrassed to say, yes."

My mind was spinning, what part of last night or all of it?

I then heard from Erin. "You do not have to answer her Amy but just so you know, we both know you made yourself feel good. We saw you bury your head and enjoyed listening to those wonderful soft moans you were making into your pillow. We all do it so relax, your with friends, isn't see Jean?"

"Yes, Erin she is. Amy, did listening to Erin and me get you hot?"

"Quit teasing her Jean," came from Erin.

We were speaking softly but I was wondering if anyone else was listening.

"Okay Erin, okay but I love to tease innocence."

"We all know that, Jean but you do not know when to button your lips sometimes."

"Okay Erin for that I am going to get in my bag and ignore you two, good night."

I was lying on my back looking at the ceiling and my brain was spinning.

I felt Erin sliding closer next to me.

"Ignore her big mouth and relax. Amy, I want to show you what Jean and I was doing last night. I have wanted you in my arms more than once when I am alone playing with myself."

My heart had to go to 100 beats or more a minute. I could hear and feel it thumping. My mouth went dry. Erin's fingers went to my lips, brushed them, "please," as she lifted up to kiss me on the lips. I froze. I never kissed a girl like this.

Erin lowered her head and placed her mouth next to my ear. "Amy, I will bring you more pleasure than you can using your fingers on yourself. I want you to play with me. Let's make each other cum. Believe me, you can still enjoy boys but this adds variety. Please let me teach you and show you."

As she was whispering into my ear, one of her hands had slipped up my pj's and was already massaging a boob and occasionally soft pinching a nipple. Who was I kidding if I said no, with my nipple rock hard?

"God I love the feel of your breast and nipple Amy. I think they like what I am doing. Do they?"

"Uhh huh!"

"Relax Amy, close your eyes and enjoy."

She slipped her hand out and leaned on an elbow and was undoing my buttons. I was getting hotter and hotter, my mouth was getting dryer and my panties were getting wetter. She had all the buttons opened and then laid her mouth next to my ear and said, "Don't let out a scream but Jean is going to suck one boob and I am going to suck the other."

I opened my eyes in shock. Jean was ready to lower her mouth to a boob and Erin was lifting up to do the same.

When I felt the warm wet lips clamp around my hard nipples I opened my mouth to moan but Jean stuffed my mouth with something, which I found out later, were her panties. More on that later.

They were getting me hotter and hotter. I knew I was leaking terribly. I could smell myself. They had to be sensing the same odors. Jean broke the breast contact and lowered her mouth to my ear and whispered, "The aromas from your pussy smells so sexy and are turning me on." My temperature must have climbed up 5 degrees from embarrassment.

I did not say it at the time but the perfumes that they were wearing and the shampoo residual was further turning me on with their hair near my nose.

With my mouth stuffed I just laid there bugged eye and hoping one of them would reach into my panties and play with my clit and make me cum. God I needed to cum. 

They kept at my breast with their warm, wet mouths and soft hands for a long time. I wanted to touch my clit but was to embarrassed at that moment in time. Erin lifted up, pulled the stuffing from my mouth and replaced it with her mouth and began French kissing me.

I reciprocated the kissing. My God, I never knew girl to girl kissing could get so hot and be such a turn on. God, the tonguing we were giving each other was causing us both to grasp for air the best we could. I did manage to get my hands on the back of her head and hold her tight to my mouth. I knew then and there that I was a changed person.

As Erin and I were kissing I could feel Jean's one hand slipping into my panties and moving fingers to my pussy. God, Jean was going to where no girl had ever been before and I was more excited than if a guy had been doing this. She was so slow not in a rush like guys. Oh God I wanted her to hit the switch.

I heard Jean whisper, "Hold her tight Erin I'm there."

In a second or two Erin pressed harder to my mouth, a finger of Jean's touched my clit, I lifted up to get more and exploded with an orgasm I will never forget. It started in my toes which curled and moved up to my thighs, butt, stomach, chest, chin, ears and hair. I saw lightning along with stars in color. Erin relaxed the mouth pressure enough so I could start using my mouth to get the much-needed air as I wrapped my arms around Erin and pulled her tight to me as I orgasmed for the first time from a girl's finger.

After having settled a little but not by much because Jean was still massaging the clit, Erin said, "Okay, Jean my turn."

Jean's mouth replaced Erin's at my lips and Erin's hand went into my panties. A few strokes with Erin's fingers produced another orgasm as intense as the one by Jean. Was it because it was new person messing with my pleasure bud?

Erin then slowly was massaging my clit and let me come down easily. 

When I was almost back to normal I heard Erin say, "God, Jean she is hotter than either one of us had guessed. She really gushed on that cum. God I want to go down on her so much and drink that awesome flow."

Jean then answered, "Yeah Erin, I am so wet and horny thinking of eating her. She was that way when my hand was there." 

I lay there trembling wondering if they were going to do that there in front of everyone. Jean lowered her mouth to my ear and whispered, "Relax Amy, just think Amy, we both want to eat you someday. Just that thought should keep you wet and horny until we decide to initiate you. We know you are going to love it and you will love doing us also."

Barb brought me back to my real world because I was going over the edge with her induced tongue cum. It seemed so much better this time than on previous occasions or so it seems.

Barb asked, "Jezz Amy, you gushed more than normal and seemed to have a harder orgasm."

I did not explain the reason why it might have been possible.

Maybe I will write more about my further development in the girl to girl activity after that sleep over depending on the interest from the readers.