 This is a continuation of Memories. Thanks to all of you for your words of encouragement and votes. The following is taken from the end of chapter 3.

*

I pushed the button to release the catch. I looked at Jean and she said, "Hop in bed. I will answer the door when she gets her. We will all party then. Do you have enough energy left and juices to share with Erin?" I blushed and ran for the bed.

This then is the continuation of my initiation into girl/girl sex.

It begins:

I heard Erin as she entered the dorm room, "I should have guessed as much that you would beat me to getting to her. Oh well we do enjoy or games don't we Jean? So tell me where is she, what have you guys done so far and did you leave anything for me to bring her more our way?"

"Erin you are such an ass. That's why we get along so well. She is in her bed, I think. Yes, I left something for you to do. I'm not that selfish you know. I hope you brought a toy or two."

"You know I don't come to these things unprepared."

"What did you bring?"

I heard laughter and then, "Great! I can't wait to see you play with them. I hope she has enough energy to last that long."

My mind was spinning and I heard footsteps approaching my room. I had covered myself up. Why are you thinking? I have know idea.

"Well look at miss shy here all covered up. How are you Amy? Don't lie to me because I know Jean and you have been playing so you have to be feeling just wonderful and awesome. I wish I had been the first but I get my share and Jean tells me she left a little for me."

"Hi Erin! You got me so hot after class this morning I was going to call but was running late and then Jean spotted me in the cafeteria and I was so worked up I asked her to get me back to normal."

"Normal, my God Amy you will be normal but a different normal. Every time you see a face smile at you, your mind will spin thinking she wants to do me. You might be right or wrong on your assumptions. Just think how many girls have thought of you that way up till now when you have smiled at them. Normal, well not the old normal, Hon. A new normal yes."

Then they broke out laughing.

"Well I might just as well get naked like you two. Amy since you and Jean have been messing, can I get some dessert from you? I know you have lots of honey somewhere and I know you are making more thinking of me getting it. So toss them covers down and you and Jean can kiss or mess around while I get my dessert unless you want to watch."

"Amy do you want to eat me while Erin gets her treat or do you want to watch her and concentrate on what she is doing?"

My heart was racing and I was getting really warm without even a hand being placed on me.

"Jean if it's okay with you, I'd like to close my eyes and go to wherever Erin will be taking me."

"That's fine with me Jean because I know Erin is really going to be making honey while she eats you, so I will let her drip it into my mouth"

My mind flashed to picturing Jean eating Erin while Erin was eating me. My clit got so hard and my nips also and still I have not been touched.

Then I heard, "Jean look at this. She is so fucking turned on. Everything is showing and look at that river. God she is hotter than we guessed when we chatted about her."

My temperature soared from the embarrassment but she was right about showing and flowing.

"Sorry Amy we have lots of time to get much better acquainted but now all I want is to get my mouth on that pussy of yours and drink your honey."

With that comment she hopped on the bed, lowered her lips to kiss me, placing a hand on my mound at the same time. I lifted my butt to press my mound harder into her hand. She broke the kiss and said, "Slow down Amy I know you want it and you will be getting it and then some."

Then some? What did that infer?

She broke the kiss and lowered her head to my navel, then trialed a wet streak from it to the top of the slit. She removed her hand, lifted herself between my legs, which I had spread as wide as possible for her.

She replaced her tongue at the top of the slit and ever so slowly was dragging it to the clit, wiggling her tongue from time to time. It seemed forever for her to reach it. In the meantime, I had placed my hands on my breast and was slowly squeezing them. When she reached the clit, she attacked it like a cat jumping on its prey. I arched, squeezed my breast hard and yelled, "Ohooooooo," as a new tongue had gotten to my switch causing me to orgasm. She then used both hands to make sure my lips where wide open as she continued the flicking. I felt her moan on my clit and felt her orgasm within seconds of me in the middle of mine. It just re-sent me to where I had been, knowing she was gushing into Jean's mouth.

Erin let me settle with soft licks over my clit. When I was almost back to normal, she lifted her face from between my legs, looked up at me and smiled. Then she crawled up to me with her cum covered face and lowered her lips to mine. I placed my hand on the back of her head and pulled her tight to my lips. We went to DFK until we had to break for air.

I then heard, "Here Erin is the blindfold." My eyes shot over to Jean who was now standing beside the bed. She was smiling and looked at me and said, "We are not through initiating you yet Amy." My heart leaped into my throat. Erin must have felt it and said, "Relax hon, we are not going to hurt you. We just want this to be memorable for you. Let me put the blindfold on and then I want you to get into doggie position like you do for your boyfriend." 

I had to turn redder than a red light hearing that. "Isn't she sweet Jean, look at this blush?"

I did as she requested. I was soon blindfolded and up on my knees.

I heard, "While Erin is going to finger fuck you Amy, I want you to eat me, so scoot back a little so I can get into position. Lift your head off the mattress so I can get my pussy there."

I did as Jean asked and could feel her flesh, legs and smelled her sex. She placed her hands at my ears and guided me to her mound, as if I needed to be guided smelling her sex juices. "Okay Amy enjoy eating me while Erin takes you into orbit."

I began to lick Jean's slit and felt Erin's fingers getting wet and inching there way into my pussy. The fingers were soon in and doing the fucking feel and sounds. I drifted into the rhythm and Jean was lifting her hips to get more tongue into her. I was going to orgasm so I started to moan into Jean's pussy, which sent her into an orgasm. Erin continued with the finger fucking and then wrapped her arm around my thigh to really work on the clit.

It was feeling so good that I broke mouth contact with Jean, layed my head on her mound and said, "God Erin that feels so awesome. I wish your fingers in me were a cock I am so hot and horny."

Erin then said, "Yes we know Amy. Most of us get this way when we play with each other. Amy is it all right if I spread your cheeks and lick that other hole a little bit. It will feel so good to you and that is all I desire to do. Just give it a few licks."

I tensed but coming this far I said, "Yes Erin if you want to."

She took both her hands, spread my butt cheeks as I tensed and then she placed the tip of her tongue at the entrance and made slow circles around it. After the first few seconds I melted at the pleasant sensations, went limp and moaned, "oooo...oooo...ooo..." as she continued it.

I do not know how long she had been at it when she pulled away and said, "Amy your pussy needs attention again."

She placed her left hand in the center of my back, rubbed my mound with the other a little, then inserted one finger in and finger fucked me with it for a minute or so but strange she pulled it out all the way before reinserting, then two fingers, then three fingers but with complete removal before reinserting. I was lifting off for a cum when something huge entered my pussy. "Ohooooooooooo, God!" I screamed. I went to lift up, my eyes opened but Jean locked me down with her hands. "OH, God Erin, Oh god it's tearing me open. Take it out, please!" 

"Relax hon it's just a dildo. You're going to cum harder than you ever have in your life with me fucking you like this."

Erin did not make a move. I felt myself stretching with some tears dripping but the pain was subsiding. I closed my eyes taking deep breaths. Then I heard from Jean, "You okay now babe? Can Erin fuck you? I will play with your nips. You can go back to eating me if you want. Believe me Erin will be so gentle and you will gush like never before."

I lifted so Jean could get to my nips; I lowered my face to below Jeans breast to distract my mind from the sensation in my pussy. 

"Amy, Erin is playing with her nipples. They are so hard, you should she them." I felt Erin move slightly and I drew in a deep breath. 

"It's okay babe, relax, shhhhhhh, relax, its okay. You will be sailing in a few minutes, believe me"

I did as Jean asked realizing that the stretched feeling was okay now with no associated pain.

Erin than began slowly in/out thrust. I could not believe the scene that this must have looked like. Seeing the scene in my brain triggered something. I began to move back to meet the dildo on the way in, picturing Erin kneeling there rolling her nipples and the cock glistening as it was sliding in/out of my wet pussy.

Erin then placed hands on my hips and got serious about doing me with words, like "My God Amy I have been hoping I could do this with you. I hope you will do it to me. I love looking down at your ass spread taking this toy. God I want to stick a finger so much into that other hole sometime when we are doing this but you can do it to me first if you want." 

Listening to her babble on like this sent me on my way. Then she took her left hand, wrapped around my left thigh, went for my clit with a finger and sent me off. I arched and opened my mouth to scream but only air came out with a soft, "Uuuuunnnnnnnnnnnggggggggghhhhhhh."

They we right, I don't know how many orgasms I had with stars and flashing bright lights. When I came to, I was laying with my face on Jeans stomach, Erin was laying on top of me with the dildo still in me.

I managed to open my mouth and saw, "WOW! What hit me?"

They both giggled. "Welcome to girl sex Amy. We hope you will play with us a lot. Let's call for pizza, shower, eat and then play more if you have any energy left," came from Jean's mouth.

I just had enough strength to nod my head.

Erin pulled out slowly. I rolled onto my back, smiled at her and said, "Thanks Erin."

She leaned down to kiss me and offered the dildo to my lips. I knew she wanted me to kiss it and I did.

Erin then said, "Amy your initiation is complete except for some other goody things we will introduce you too. When you see us on campus you will leak so better have pantie liners for a while until you accept the fact you are a slut like us. Some of our other friends are dying to get with you. I know they are leaking thinking of you and for sure each time they see."

I was naive enough to think after being with a girl I could settle back to my normal self. Well it did happen as they said. Normal now is a different normal. God, I used to wonder how a guy's cocks was when seeing a bulge. Now I wonder how a girl might taste if I think she is hot looking. Well other thoughts go through my brain also. Us females know what I am inferring, don't we?

Well readers, girl/girl sex became routine the rest of my college years. I managed to keep my grades up along with going on trips that would have never happened if it had not been for Erin and Jean seducing me at the sleep over. I will never forget them. Thanks very much to the both of you making life so much more fun.

Writing these chapters has brought back so many memories that I had forgotten about, wow. College was really fun looking back at it now.