 My name's Ellie -- and I'm a slut.

Well, I must be -- if you look in a dictionary, it describes me just right. Well, some of the time anyway. Most of the time, the dictionary is wrong about me. But then, every now and again, I get a deep aching in the base of my belly, an aching that reaches up to my breasts and down to my pussy, an aching that makes my nipples hard and my breasts and pussy tingle, an aching that will only go away if I behave like the slut I really am.

So when the aching comes, I book a holiday -- and I ease that ache.

This is what happened the last time that ache came along, and I went away for a week. This is what happened on Friday, the fifth day of my holiday.

*************************

Friday

I woke up surprisingly early, feeling wonderfully refreshed. Perhaps my relatively early night had been a good idea after all! I lay in bed for a while thinking about Steve and the night before. It had been great, but as usual on these holidays I wanted to move on. But as I lay in bed, still naked from the night before, I began to question what I really wanted. In the end, I gave a mental shrug and wandered into the bathroom, leaving the question hanging.

I had a nice long shower, and then went out onto the balcony with a towel wrapped loosely around me to dry off in the sun. Although it was still quite early, it promised to be another hot day. I eased the towel open, and checked out my tan. I decided that it was coming along nicely, but what I needed to top it up a bit more was a day on the beach.

Having decided on my day, I went back into my room, slipped on a skimpy bikini, pulled on some cut off shorts and a tight tee shirt, dumped a few things in my beach bag, grabbed a towel, slipped on some sandals and headed out of the door.

For the first time in a few days, I was up early enough for breakfast. I decided to make the most of it, and wandered through to the restaurant. I found a table on the veranda, overlooking the pool, and dumped my bag off before going to find some fruit juice and toast. By the time I got back, the waiter had dropped off a pot of coffee. I smiled "thanks" at him, and sat down, ready to enjoy a quiet breakfast.

"Hi again, mind if I join you?"

I looked up at the girl who had spoken. She was maybe my age, with fashionable short blonde hair, and a lithe figure that many women would die for. She was wearing a short skirt that showed off her slender, tanned legs to perfection, and vest top that clung to her pert breasts, making it more than obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra - or anything else - underneath. She looked vaguely familiar, but I couldn't remember why. It must have shown on my face because she spoke again before I could answer her first question.

"We bumped into each other on the beach path a couple of days ago," she reminded me.

I remembered then -- it had been the day I'd met Tom and Matt. I had seen her walking away from the beach as I had been going there. 

"Sorry if I was a bit forward," she was saying, "but I couldn't take my eyes off you."

I remembered that as well, how she'd look at me as we'd walked towards each other -- and then how I'd felt her eyes on me after we'd passed each other. A strange tingle went through as these thoughts flashed through my mind.

"May I then? Join you?"

"Of course ... sorry ... please ... sit down ... I'll get us some more coffee," I stammered, suddenly feeling more than just a little uncertain of myself, and of what my body was telling me.

The next half an hour flew by as we ate breakfast and chatted. Her name was Lucy, and she was coming to the end of a two week holiday.

"You can probably tell by the tan," she laughed, sitting up straight and swinging her legs out sideways beside the table.

I looked at her long legs, smiling at her show. And then I saw how her pose was pushing her breasts forward against her top, how it clung to them. My mouth felt dry as I felt a jolt go through me. It was usually men that had this effect on me. What was it about her? She smiled at me, catching the expression on my face. She dropped her legs back down and turned towards me.

"Beach or pool?" she asked, nodding towards my bag.

"Beach," I told her, my voice catching a little.

"I'll come down there with ... that's if you don't mind?" she asked, already knowing the answer.

When we'd finished breakfast, we picked up some fruit to eat later for lunch, and then headed out of the hotel. After a quick visit to the shop next door for some bottled water to take with us, we made our way onto the beach. It wasn't far -- across the road outside the hotel, and down a sandy path for a hundred yards or so.

Once we were on the beach, we both kicked off our sandals and walked barefoot along the edge of the sea. The beach was lined with sun umbrellas, each with two sun beds set out under them. We were in luck, and had soon found an umbrella that wasn't being used on a relatively quiet part of the beach. There were a few couples dotted around, but not many children. Most of the women were topless, with one or two people sunbathing in the nude.

We dragged the sun beds out into the sun, deciding to make the most of it before it got too hot. I dropped my bag under the umbrella, and sat down on the end of the sun bed. I pulled my top over my head, enjoying the immediate feel of the hot sun on me. I automatically pulled the ties off my bikini top lose, and dropped it on top of my bag. As I looked up, I saw Lucy gazing across at me, her eyes on my breasts.

I felt my nipples tighten under her gaze. Without thinking about it, I sat up a little straighter, pushing my breasts out, wanting her to look. With a little smile, she pulled her own top over her head, her bare breasts bouncing slightly as they were freed. Now it was my turn to stare. Her breasts were pert, but by no means small. They seemed to sweep upwards at the end, the tips a delicious dark brown, the rubbery flesh already erect.

Lucy turned her back towards me as she dropped her top onto the end of her sun bed -- and then bent over to ease her skirt down. With a wiggle of her hips, her skirt was soon down over her thighs, and her tight ass was staring at me, naked apart from the tiniest of thongs.

"Have you ever tried that?" Lucy asked, nodding towards a couple who were sunbathing in the nude.

I looked around, and then back to Lucy just in time to see her drop her bikini bottoms on top of her other clothes. She turned towards me, totally naked. She smiled as my eyes swept over her, taking in her beautiful and sexy body. She was tanned all over, even her mound which was totally shaved. My heart was thumping as I looked at her, and for the first time I felt an overwhelming urge to make love to another woman.

I was about to roll over onto my sun bed, knowing that it would take only seconds for a wet patch to appear on my bikini bottoms, when Lucy spoke again.

"Why don't you join me?" she asked.

I looked up, almost in alarm. I started to stammer a quick "No!", but I was already standing up, moving as if in slow motion. With Lucy watching, I eased the rest of my bikini off, wanting her to look as I stripped naked. I stood up, and it was if there was no one else around as Lucy smiled at me, her eyes moving slowly over my naked body again, lingering on my breasts, and then my pussy, which was barely hidden behind my neatly trimmed hair. I was suddenly very aware of the white marks my bikini had left, of my creamy ass were I'd worn a thong on some days.

"Don't worry, they'll soon go," Lucy told me, as if she was reading my mind again.

And then with a laugh, she grabbed my hand and led the way to the sea. We swam and played around for a while, enjoying the freedom of being naked. When we went back up the beach, we just dropped down onto the sun beds and let the sun dry us off. After a while, Lucy leant over and rubbed some sun tan oil onto my back, and I did the same for her, enjoying the feel of her hands on me, and of mine on hers.

We spent the rest of the day like that really. We swam and sunbathed, and enjoyed being together. But as the afternoon drew on, I knew that I had had enough sun, and reluctantly said to Lucy that I needed to head back to the hotel. 

"So do I," she told me, "and I've got just the thing for our skin after being out here all day."

The way she spoke was almost like an invitation, and minutes later we had dressed again and were heading back along the beach. I hadn't bothered to put my bikini top back on, and as I walked I could feel my nipples getting harder and harder as they rubbed gently against my tee shirt. By the time we got back to the hotel, they were like pebbles. In the lift, my pussy throbbed as Lucy looked at me.

We headed towards Lucy's room so that she could pick up the oil she'd mentioned, along with some other stuff. We had decided to go back to my room, which was in the same part of the hotel, but a floor up. I wandered out onto the balcony as Lucy gathered a few things together. A few minutes later I was letting us into my room.

As we stepped into the cool room, I suddenly felt nervous. Lucy was close behind me, and I could feel the tension rising now that we were alone. I froze as she reached out and touched my shoulder, a jolt going through me. Her hand felt both hot and cold on me. I turned slowly to face her, the look of lust on her face probably matching mine. Perhaps sensing my uncertainty, she reached into her bag and pulled out a bottle of oil.

"Shall we?" she asked, breaking the tension as she waved the bottle at me. Almost relieved, I nodded and walked right into the bedroom.

"First or second," Lucy asked, again holding the bottle out.

But before I could answer, she told me that she would go first. Seconds later she was stretched out naked on my bed. She was lying on her front, her perfect ass straight in front of me as I stood at the end of the bed, her legs slightly apart. It might have been my imagination, but I was sure that I could see a hint of her pussy. Her head was resting on her arms, but as I stood motionless, staring at her beautiful body, she twisted her head and looked at me in the mirror.

"The oil can stain, so you'll need to be careful," she warned me, before adding, "unless you want to slip your clothes off first...."

Her words hung in the air for a few seconds. A buzz of confusion flashed through my mind -- until my mind caught up with my body, which was telling me that I wanted nothing more than to be naked with Lucy. I slipped my shorts off, deliberately turning slightly and bending over as Lucy watched me. Straightening up, I turned towards the mirror and swept my tee shirt over my head.

I didn't show her anything that Lucy hadn't seen before, but still my pussy throbbed and my nipples tingled as I heard her gasp as she watched me stood at the end of the bed, my arms above my head, my full breasts thrust forward and bouncing slightly, my nipples dark and erect.

I dropped my tee shirt on the floor after a few more seconds, and reached for my bikini bottoms. But then, on the spur of the moment I decide to keep them on. Picking up the bottle of oil from the bedside unit where Lucy had left it, I crawled onto the bed, my breasts swaying forward.

I poured a little of the oil into my hand and smoothed it onto her back. Although this was really no different to putting the sun tan lotion on her back while we had been on the beach, it felt different, very different -- especially when Lucy let out a deep sigh of pleasure each time my hands reached the base of her back.

I moved around and straddled her legs so that I could run both hands up and down her back at the same time. I reached for her shoulders, and then moved my hands slowly down her back and up again, running my hands along her sides. Each time I reached the base of her spine, she pushed her perfect ass up a little, murmuring "lower". Gradually, I could feel her moving under me, almost pushing herself up against my pussy, my hands moved onto her ass, rubbing the oil softly into her firm cheeks.

But it was when my hands swept along her sides and touched her breasts that we both froze. Lucy waited for me to move, but I couldn't. Her breasts felt wonderful under even the lightest of touches. Eventually, it was Lucy who moved, who spoke. 

"Do you want some oil on now?" she asked, her voice catching in her throat a little as she twisted under me, trying to turn over.

A part of me felt grateful to Lucy for speaking first, but I was still reluctant to move. But eventually I did, my eyes following Lucy as she rolled over then sat up, her chest flushed, her breasts looking perfect, her eyes on me, on my breasts. 

I lay down on my front, and felt Lucy moving to kneel beside. Her hands ran down my back, and onto the waistband of my bikini bottoms. 

"You best take these off," she murmured.

I rolled over and pulled them off quickly. For a second Lucy was staring at my pussy, and then I was lying back down. She straddled my legs, dripped some oil onto my back and began to rub it in gently. Her hands moved slowly over my hot skin, sending tingles right through my body. Her hands moved up and down, moving confidently, sweeping lower and lower towards my naked ass, and further and further down my sides towards the soft swell of my full breasts.

As her hands caressed me, Lucy moved, straddling one leg instead of two. I felt her pressing down against the back of my thigh. She moved against me, and I groaned out loud as I felt her hot pussy sliding against my leg, her juices smearing across my skin. She leant over, and I felt her breasts touch my back for a fleeting second before I felt her lips on me for the first time. She kissed me lightly on the back of my neck, then down my spine, all the time rubbing her pussy against me.

Just as I thought I couldn't take any more, Lucy moved again, this time to kneel beside me. Her hands moved sideways down my back and onto my legs, rubbing her own juices along with the oil into the back of one of them. Her fingers moved to rub along the inside of my thigh, my legs easing apart as her fingers moved closer and closer towards my pussy. 

I let out a gasp when at last she touched me, not realising that I'd been holding my breath. Her finger tips fluttered across my pussy, and then I was raising my ass, silently urging her on, urging them on. I cried out when at last she pushed one, then two, fingers inside me, her thumb stretching out to rest in the tight cleft between my cheeks. My legs flew apart, making room for her to finger me harder, deeper, my ass pushing up to meet her hand.

Her fingers and thumb were moving as one, driving me relentlessly towards a crashing orgasm. Her other hand slipped under me to hold my breast. I pressed against her, my body contorting with pleasure as I tried to move with both her hands. I reached up and grabbed the end of the bed as Lucy began to rub and pinch my rock hard nipple.

I was so close, so close to cumming that my body was on fire. Lucy knew that -- and seconds later a wonderful orgasm crashed through me. I clamped my legs together, trapping Lucy's hand, trapping her fingers inside my throbbing pussy. She caressed my breast as I slowly calmed down, and then rolled onto my side, releasing her hand. I watched as she raised her hand and sucked her fingers one at a time, her eyes locked on mine.

When she was finished licking and sucking my juices from her fingers, Lucy lay down opposite me, our bodies only inches apart. She looked at me, silently asking if I was okay. I nodded, wanting her, wanting another woman for the first time. I leant forward and kissed her softly, our lips barely touching at first. I felt her tongue flick across my lips, meeting mine. We edged closer together, reaching out for each other as our mouths melted together, as our tongues danced across each other.

I eased her onto her back, moving instinctively as I reached across to caress her breasts, our moans blending together as I leant over to kiss her again, as our tongues met again. Her breasts were firm under my hand, her nipples taut and dark. She moaned as I broke our kiss, and then sighed as I kissed her breasts, before drawing her rubbery nipple into my mouth.

As I sucked on her nipple, tasting her, teasing her with my tongue, I slid my hand over her flat belly towards her mound. I rubbed across her smooth, soft skin, feeling her dampness, and then her wetness as my fingers slipped across her clit and pussy. She grabbed my wrist, pushing herself up to meet my fingers as she guided them inside her.

I sucked eagerly on her nipples, drawing more of her breast into my mouth, doing to Lucy what I would want done to me. I twisted my head a little so that I could watch as my fingers plunged inside her, fucking her hard, one of her hands guiding me, the other rubbing her own clit. Her panting filled the room, and then with along drawn out moan she was cumming, her pussy squeezing my fingers as she held me tight. She grabbed my hair and pulled me towards her, our tongues thrusting against each other as we kissed feverishly, as her orgasm continued to flood her body.

It seemed many minutes before we parted, gasping as we caught our breath, then laughing at her, at our, release. I lay back and let Lucy move close beside me, her arm over me, as our naked bodies pressed together. Neither of us spoke, but we both knew that there was more, much more that we wanted, that we needed, from each other.

Our kisses began again softly, gently, tenderly, but soon became more passionate as our tongues moved against each other lips and into our hungry mouths. We sucked on each other as our hands ran easily over each others bodies, over our breasts and nipples, over our firm asses and wet pussies.

Lucy eased me on to my back and leant over me, our mouths locked together as she ran her hands over my wanton body. Moving slowly, she broke our kiss -- only then to start kissing her way down my body. She ran her tongue and lips over the slopes of my firm breasts, sucking on my taut nipples, before moving lower to flick her tongue into my navel before moving onto my pussy.

I was trembling with desire as she paused and gazed down at my pussy. I could feel my clit standing up, begging for her attention, and could imagine my lips, pink and swollen. The first flick of Lucy's tongue across my clit sent tremors of pleasure screaming through me. My moans filled the room as Lucy teased me, and then pleasured me, timing the flicks of her tongue and the sucking of her lips to perfection.

I reached for Lucy, wanting to do the same to her. Lucy turned, and straddled me, lowering her dripping pussy towards my hungry, waiting mouth. We sucked and licked, kissed and nipped, at each other, the room echoing to our muffled cries of pleasure.

Lucy's pussy tasted wonderful to me as I sucked her pussy lips and ran my tongue as deep inside her body as I could. My own pussy, my whole body, was on fire as Lucy used her agile tongue and nimble fingers to pleasure me, to torture me. I shut my eyes, savouring the taste, the feel of my new lover, savouring the tingles crashing through our bodies.

I licked and sucked and kissed Lucy's clit and pussy, mirroring what she was doing to me. I reached for her ass, holding her tight, pulling her onto my mouth as I pushed up against hers. Our climaxes arrived at the same time, tearing through our bodies and leaving us gasping and clinging to each other. We rolled onto our sides, still locked together. I lapped at her pussy, licking her juices from her, kissing her lightly, easing her down from her high as she did the same for me.

I was still trembling from my climax when Lucy turned around and pulled me to her, holding me tight. I don't know if I fell asleep, but it seemed ages later that Lucy was asking if I wanted a shower before we went to find something to eat. I let her lead me into the bathroom. I leant over the bath and switched the shower on, half expecting Lucy to reach around me to hold my breasts. But she didn't, and when I turned back towards her, she was standing with my razor in her hand -- and a wickedly delicious smile on her face. 
