 Hello friends!! Welcome back to Smokey's corner, and to Saga #89. This is my first story with a non-English title. There are no French characters in it (if you'd like one of those, please read "How To Tickle A Girl Insane"); it's simply a borrowed phrase. Everyone knows what it conveys, but it actually literally translates to "Household to three." And the character here called Marianne made her first Smokey appearance in August '16, in "Friends And Live-Ins" part one. Enjoy, happy reading.

ADDITIONAL CATEGORIES: BDSM, Exhibitionist/Voyeur, Group, NonCon/Reluctance

*****

Dark Maidens

Thursday, June 4th, 2015, 9:32 p.m.

It was the 32nd birthday of Bella Crenshaw, and a birthday devoted girlfriend Marianne Wallman planned to make her remember.

She'd done a marvelous job thus far, starting by inviting her for breakfast in the form of a park picnic. Next came a few exquisite hours at the spa and a shopping spree, followed by wining and dining at Juniper's finest restaurant, the Blue Turtle. The celebration would continue over the weekend by flying in Bella's family. No cheap feat, as Bella had relocated here from Manchester, England, where her parents and siblings still resided. But first, tonight... she was Marianne's. All Marianne's.

It was roleplay time. Already naked, the birthday-suited birthday girl padded into the home dungeon, hands and feet velvet-cuffed. Several balloons placed about hugged the ceiling. Her head hung like that of the guilty young girl she was portraying. Her slightly younger (but tonight more mature) "warden" Marianne followed, laced up in a leather bustier. She was also donned in an officer's cap, black fetish mask and stilettos. She marched in close behind, pushing Bella forth with harsh pokes and prods from her whip.

"Move, bitch," Marianne growled. "You're taking way too long."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," insisted Bella, picking up her shimmying pace. "Me' feet're shackled."

Marianne dealt her a lash across both ass cheeks.

"Tough. You'll take it, like it or not, and you'll take it fucking good. And don't you mouth off to me, or it's gonna cost you more."

Bella hushed. Marianne routed her to a nook of their house's sex dungeon where sat a long, wide, leather-topped wooden bench. She separated Bella's cuffs, and ordered Bella up on all fours. Bella obeyed. She watched the shadow of Marianne circling her, connecting each single cuff to the bench's bolted hooks. Oh dear. There was no going anywhere now. She whimpered.

"Wha—...what-what's going to happen to me then, Mistress?" Bella('s slave character) squeaked.

Mistress Marianne's evil chuckle dripped over her like scalding hot fudge. She harshly raked her nails down Bella's back, christening her porcelain body with a row of long red streaks. Bella reacted, gasping into a groan. Marianne's heels clacked sharply around her.

"It's called torture, my meek little pet."

Bella's pussy twitched and dampened.

"But...what sort of torture??" she asked in mock dread.

Another sinister chuckle. "Let's see, what am I in the mood for this lovely evening..." Marianne mused. "There're just so many tasty torments, a plethora of delightful trials and tribulations, to abuse a slave such as yourself with...let, us, see..."

Having made way back around to Bella's backside and feet, Marianne crouched down and reached for her toes.

Gasp. "Ooh!"

"A bit of...pinching here... a little..." Smack!

"OW!"

"...Spanking there... perhaps some nice..."

"AAH-haa-haaaaaa! No please!"

"Tickling...that's always fun. Then again...so can be a little..."

She perched on the edge of the bench, cheek-nuzzling Bella's side, seized her tit, and pressed her digits into Bella's already wet cunt.

GASP. "Oh fuck!"

Marianne revved her up, very quickly, gave her a few seconds of smoking hot pleasure...and just as suddenly unhanded her.

"...Orgasmic teasing, and denial... Yes?"

Bella wept—all but for real—whapping the bench with her paws.

"NO! Not fun at all, that! I hate it!"

"Aw..." Marianne rubbed Bella's back. "Poor pet. Well, now I know just how to frustrate you if I'm feeling especially mean."

Bella went on mock-crying, fueling Marianne's cruel satisfaction and glee. Just as Mistress proceeded to explain to her not a moment later, she'd landed in Marianne's evil clutches, and there was nothing she could do about it. She was naked, restrained, and aroused. And she was going to pay for falling prey to Marianne's divine tyranny.

Marianne adjourned to the crackling fireplace, silently retrieved the poker and rotated it in the flame. She licked her fingertip to test if it was too hot—no; just right—and Bella heard her footsteps return.

Marianne had to admit, this was one of her favorite positions to lock her girlfriend in: on all fours, ass up, pussy out, her weakest, most fragile spots exposed for abuse, exactly as Marianne wanted. Bella heard Marianne laugh, sadistic and wicked.

"Hm! Look at your pussy just drip."

Bella sobbed, pretending to be humiliated. But her hormones ran wild...as she felt something hot tease her cunt.

Gasp. "OH me' fucki—..."

Slowly up and down the slit of Bella's coochie slid the poker's eponymous end, melting her sex. Her ass and legs helplessly quivered. Moisture ran down her thighs, further delighting Mistress Marianne.

"Well now, and whose pussy is this?" Mistress demanded to know.

"M-mine...Mistress," Bella breathed.

Marianne authoritatively poked her in the taint. Bella gave a small scream.

"WRONG, slave. You and that soaking, scarlet cunt of yours belong to Mistress Marianne.

"...This pussy is mine."

Bella almost came right on the spot. She had to struggle to do what she knew Marianne would order next.

"Ah—! Control yourself, slut." She scraped the sole of one of Bella's extremely ticklish feet with the poker.

"EEEEEEheeeheeee!" Bella burst out laughing, promptly begging her to stop. Marianne did so, punctuating with a spank on the ass.

"You know the rules, you filthy whore," scolded Marianne. "Try to cum without Mistress' permission, you'll truly regret it."

Bella's thighs and pussy continued to quiver.

"I'm...I'm-I'm so sorry, Mistress. It's...it's just that you're so irresistible, and hot...and...and I'm so weak and starved for you."

Chuckle. "Be that as it may, that's your problem, my pet."

Bella groaned and perspired, as Marianne thrust torrid tantalization upon her, cunningly masked as prisoner torture. Sweat ran her face, among other regions, tracing trails down her brows, temples, cheeks, nose, lips and chin. Her tits swung like pendulums, nipples bulging stiff. Her pussy blazed and drenched itself over and again, as she desperately tried to hold back the orgasms.

Suddenly, Mistress Marianne abandoned her and retreated. Bella looked up in a bit of distress.

"...M-Mistress?"

"Don't fret, pet," she called over her shoulder, once more rotating the poker in the fire. "Your torment will continue."

Bella clenched her mitts until her knuckles turned white, and balled her toes into little fists of their own. God, the immense power this woman wielded over her—emotionally, romantically, passionately. If Bella thought hard enough, she might be able to orgasm to her without even being touched. This mere reality, in Mistress Marianne's evil captivity under lock and key...set her on fire. She became so entranced, she almost didn't hear her captress return behind her.

She did, however, feel the yet more intense heat of the fireplace poker, as it lightly sizzled her left ass cheek.

"Ehhhhhhmmmmm..." Marianne cooingly sounded out, scrawling a capital 'M' on this first cheek. Bella shut her eyes tight and sucked air through her teeth, absorbing the fiery love. When the first was completed, Mistress moved to the other.

"...Duhhhhble-yew!" Branding Bella's right cheek with this letter, she stepped back as her captive twitched from the sting.

"How beautiful! There we are: M.W. You now officially belong to Mistress Marianne Wallman, pet-slut. Ah, aren't slave auctions just such a wonderful thing?" She traced the pink sear marks of her initials with her fingertip. It too stung, making Bella gasp and yelp.

Still another chuckle. "How's it feel to be owned, darling? To have all your rights and privileges held hostage by your Mistress?"

Pause. Bella hung her poor wet head and croaked out another sob before answering.

"It...feels wonderful, Mistress."

Yet another scorching, torching, libido-melting laugh syruped over her. Marianne went to retrieve two other items. Bella tried to turn her head to see what was happening, to no avail. But before long, she heard the ominous stilettos reapproach.

"...Are you prepared to be fucked, sweetheart?"

Bella quivered, so ragingly turned on she no longer knew if she could hold back from cumming. She replied, a bit sassily.

"Do I have a choice?"

Dildo fastened around her pelvis, Marianne arched her brows, and spanked her.

"Impudent, aren't we!... Perhaps being violated like the whipped pup you are will change your tune."

Another moment later, Bella felt her sore ass cheeks being spread apart. She gasped, suddenly aware what was going on.

"Oh no Mistress, please!"

"OH yes." Marianne held her butt ajar with one hand, licked the other's fingers and rubbed her bumhole damp, all the while ignoring her poor sweet slave's pleas of objection. Said pleas were only partly theatrical. Bella wasn't completely averse to anal play, but didn't enjoy it to the degree Marianne did. Especially as it was always Bella who suffered on the business end. However, she'd a feeling the answer to her sassy, impudent question was a big fat "nuh-uh." But she melted once more as Marianne fingered her pussy.

Gasp. "Oh god!" Burning lust invaded Bella. She wasn't expecting this. She thought it was her tushy which was getting all the attention tonight, welcome or not.

"Ah! That should be enough," Marianne decided, lubing up her dildo-cock with Bella's moisture. Bella began to cry for real, under assumption her cunt would get no more loving. But what she failed to realize was that being a thoughtful Mistress, Marianne had too fetched a toy solely for Bella's enjoyment. It was a length-adjustable band with a bullet-powered egg on one end, and two electric clips on the other. The pet-slave-girl let another gasp and whimper as Marianne returned to her cunt to open it as well. But her anew-blazing passion was tapered as Marianne gave her pussy a light slap.

"Not allowed, slave. You know the rules: don't you dare cum without Mistress' permission. I will punish you otherwise."

Her harsh words and the strict tone in which they were uttered did not help Bella hold her orgasm at bay. The myriad of scenarios at hand let her be sublimely uncertain whether she wanted to be punished or not. How much of a true "punishment" was she in for? Pleasure or pain? Heaven or hell? Mistress Marianne had a talent for unpredictably varying their exploits so that Bella never knew just what to expect. But she was always sent through one hell of a wild ride in the end, whatever form the journeys took. She remained locked in a mental vise of chastity, trying like mad not to cum as Mistress stroked her drenched sex with her fingertips...it felt so good...so very wonderful, she began to question if triggering her punishment would not be worth it.

Marianne inserted the egg. Bella took a huge breath, gratefully and greedily devouring it. Marianne watched as her hungry pussy achingly, yearningly quivered. She gave it a sharp poke.

"Mmm!"

"Don't, you, cum, slave. I wanna see you burn with agony holding it back. I wanna see you dying to cum for me."

You won't have to wait long for that then, a blazing hot, horny and hungry Bella thought.

After attaching the clips to her nipples and switching the band on to its first setting, Marianne collected some more autolube for her dick and Bella's asshole. And while Bella's intense passion from the torture band did not take a backseat, it was shoved aside in its own seat by the invasive penetration...as Marianne began fucking her in the bum.

Bella cringed and grunted as she was rocked to and fro, back and forth in her doggy-style position. The ends of the band tugged one another, only adding to her delicious torment. But with Mistress' paws clamped around her pelvis and her thick cock in Bella's rump, the slave-pet was rendered incapable of fully focusing on the pleasure. The ass-fucking was...dynamic, certainly. But relishable? A bit of a different story. It was not the first time Mistress Marianne had drilled her posterior. And perhaps she utilized it as a tactic to help Bella resist climaxing. Bella'd not put much thought into it before, but were this the case, it actually seemed considerate of Mistress. Helping protect her from punishment, as it were. Even if this big silicone dick ached and smarted in her tender tushie.

But before too much longer and before she knew it, Marianne upped the egg and clip band setting. A more intense surge assaulted Bella, gripping and squeezing her by the goodies. All of it together began to add up to too much. Her muscles shook, mitts and toes clenched in impossibly tight fists. Several veins bulged. Her clit throbbed out from under its hood. Her heart slammed and pounded through her heaving chest. Marianne had positioned her on the bench to face a full-length mirror in the dungeon, just for times like this, so she could watch Bella's face morph through longing and despair.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH! Please then Mistress, may I cum??" Bella screamed.

"NOT YET, SLAVE," Marianne sternly hollered back, spanking her. "HOLD IT."

"But I don't think I can!" Bella pitifully whined.

Another spank. "Tough, you whorey little cunt! You'll do as you're told, and you won't talk back to me!"

"AAAAAHH! I'm sorry, Mistress!"

Mistress Marianne smirked. "That's better, pet-slave." She reached down for the band's control switch...

"Now suffer."

...And turned the setting up one more.

"FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!" screeched a now delirious Bella, quickly losing any last vestige of will to keep from cumming. Invisible traces of fire raced rampant over her flesh, searing her like the poker branding Marianne's initials in her cheeks. Her red-hot pussy quaked like the volcano it was, about to erupt, permission or not.

"Please Mistress can I cum?!!"

Marianne grinned down at Bella, proceeding to do to her mind as she was doing to her ass.

"Well I don't know, slave; ...can you?"

Bella's eyes popped open, feeling sweat almost run right into them. Did this mean she had permission or not??

"M—...may I?!!"

"May you what?"

Bella didn't know if her cunt or her brain would explode first.

"C-CUM!"

Marianne paused.

"...Hmmm."

"...Hmmm"?? Is that a yes or a no?!

"You know...I'm just not quite sure I can decide..."

Bella growled, howled and yowled like a wolf, wrestling and thrashing against the cuffs. She couldn't take it anymore.

"PLEASE let me CUM!!"

Marianne flipped the band up once more, to its highest setting. Her girlfriend lost it.

"DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!"

Bella burst like an enormous dam. With or without consent, the choice was no longer hers. To or against her will, she was mercilessly forced to orgasm. She shrieked, bawled, caterwauled. She screamed her head off and her lungs hoarse. Her pussy gushed a veritable cumfall all over her thighs, the bench, the floor, and a bit on Marianne's legs. Her domme mate laughed a hearty "Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho!

"Well well well now!" she cackled triumphantly, not even heard over Bella's screeches. The monstrous orgasm raged forth, culling with it Bella's last drop of sanity and liquid love. Marianne carried on boinking her in the bumhole, which now went completely unnoticed. But only for another ten seconds, as Bella's pussy well ran dry. And abruptly, it became far too much.

"Okay, okay, please stop now!" Bella gaspingly rasped. "Please, no more! No more!"

Marianne laughed at her, keeping it up. The egg in her coochie and the clips on her nips continued, wreaking unabated havoc.

"Aaaaaahhhh!" cried Bella. "NO MORE, I said! Marianne, I mean it, please!"

A vicious spank. "That's Mistress to you, slave whore!"

"What??!"

"You chose to cum without permission, pet. This action brings severe ramifications."

"But...but I asked!"

"But I did not say yes. You disobeyed me, slave. I warned you, but you didn't listen. Look what happens!"

Bella felt hellish anguish seize her all over. She suddenly realized exactly what form her punishment was to take.

"NOOOOO-o-o-o-oooo!!"

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haaaaaa!"

*****

Festive Beginnings

Saturday, July 19th, 2014, 1:44 p.m.

Marianne Wallman and Bella Crenshaw met at a party store, both shopping for their own occasions. Conversation was sparked by the contents of Bella's cart. She was purchasing a helium tank, and lots of balloons. They ended up together at checkout, Marianne first. An absent-minded glance graduated to a double-take, and Marianne looked up to see the woman belonging to said cart.

"Well good golly Miss Molly. That's a...lotta 'loons."

"Oh, why yes," Bella chuckled, her accent charming Marianne off the bat. "I love balloons. They make me feel so jolly."

"Oooh. British?"

"You bet your bottom shilling. Manchester, England."

"I love your accent. It is damn sexy."

"Well aren't you just the flatterer! You've got quite the comely voice as well."

Marianne paid for her merchandise, regarding the foxy Brit behind her in line far more intently than the cashier. So much so that their cashier could've added a digit to her total cost—which he fortunately did not—and she would not have noticed. Now having made this enchanting encounter, Marianne waited as Bella was rung up and paid, and walked her outside to her car.

"So when'd you come to America?"

"Oh goodness, let's see...I was 24, so it would've been...either '07 or '08. I'm a June babe. But I'm rubbish with dates, I'm afraid."

"Ah, no worries. I came to America January 18th, '84, and I've been here ever since. Although if you wanna get technical, I guess it was actually in '83, whatever day my parents...y'know...'did it.'"

"Ha!" Bella laughed out loud. "Brilliant! Then I guess you'd say I 'came' to England June the 4th, '83. But I'd rather not consider the idea of me' folks shagging, let alone try and work out the conception date."

"Oh, I can't blame you; lotsa people feel that way. I guess I'm weird. Ever since I was old enough to know, I thought it was awesome when my folks—or anyone, for that matter—wanted to get down 'n' nasty. I'd even encourage them. Sometimes when I'd go out, I'd be all, 'Bye Mom, bye Dad! Hope ya get lucky!' And, yeah, I can do without imagining their...like...positions, or...techniques, 'cause, well, they're my parents. But yeah, I've always had a, shall we say, healthy obsession with sex. And kink. Lotsa folks feel like I'm unnecessarily 'forward' about it. But that's just who I am. That's Marianne Wallman."
