 Life has a very nasty way of not being fair. Three years after she enlisted in the army she was shipped off to Iraq. My heart would stop every time I heard the news say that a soldier was killed. When ever a car would pull up near out apartment I was so scared it was the army coming to say that she had been killed. She made it a point to call me every week on Saturday at 4:00 pm on the dot just to let me know she was ok and that she was thinking about me. 

In September 2007 I was sitting in the living room looking through an old magazine waiting for her call like always. 4:00 hit and the phone rang like clockwork. 

"Hi baby" I said with a big smile. 

"Hey you." Sara said. "Did you get it?" 

"Get what?" 

"I sent you something it should have been there five minutes ago." 

I told her nothing had come and she cussed the shipping company. I told her not to worry that I'm sure it would come before long. It was just then when there was a knock at the door. I hopped up and walked to the door expecting to sign for some small package. Instead standing at the door in full dress uniform was my Sara. She barely had time to hang up her phone before I tackled her into the wall smothering her with kisses. She picked me up and carried me back into the apartment and all but ripped my clothes off. She fucked me right there on the floor by the front door and I know the neighbors were laughing their asses off at how we were making each other howl.

As much as I hated doing it I only had a few hours with her before I had to go into work for a late shift. I left her passed out completely nude on our bed. I quickly showered and headed into work with a smile that would not go away. I told everyone at work why I was so happy they all laughed at me seeing how giddy I was.

I was supposed to work a six hour shift but after three hours my manager told me to go home and spend time with my girl. I did not need to be told twice. I think I left a trail of dust all the way from the time clock to my car. I damn near rolled my car when I made the turn into the parking lot of my apartment complex too fast. I skipped down the hall and very quietly slipped into the apartment with the intentions of surprising her. I admit it was not a good idea to surprise someone who just got back from Iraq but I was not thinking about that. I creped down the hall and was about to bounce through the door when I heard Sara laughing. 

"Yeah it was a complete surprise to her." She said.

I listened but did not hear anyone. 

"Yeah it was a good idea you were right about that." She said.

I realized she was on the phone and was about to give her some privacy but her laugh stopped me. She only laughs like that with me or so I thought.

"I love you too Megs." 

I pressed my ear against the door after hearing those words that were supposed to be reserved only for me. 

"Don't worry baby I'm going to break up with her before I come back."

My heart dropped out of my chest when I heard that. I slowly pushed the door open and saw her standing in the middle of the bedroom with her back to me. 

"Yeah I miss you too. But don't worry when I get back I'll be all yours and we can get married once we are out of the Army."

I started to cry standing there in the doorway and Sara spun around with a shocked look on her face. She swore and told whoever she was talking to that I was home and hung up. I just shook my head slowly from side to side as she crossed the room. 

"Baby don't freak out on me." She said as she came up to me. 

I acted without thinking and slapped her as hard as I could across the face. She got a pissed look on her face and pinned me against the door way and spoke through clinched teeth.

"Don't you dare swing at me." 

"You fucking bitch how could you." I screamed in her face and pushed her off of me. 

"I want you out of my house right now." 

"You are kicking me out?" 

"I have paid the rent all this time not you. I am the one on the lease so I saw who stays and who goes." 

I stood there for only a few seconds before telling her to never come near me again and ran out of the little apartment heading for Stacie's house. She had moved in right after finishing college and had gotten a job at a local business. I pushed my little care as fast as it could move. It's a miracle that I was not pulled over even though it was only a few miles away. I hammered on her door and she snapped it open dressed in a robe with wet hair. 

"Hi Amber." She signed. "What's wrong?"

"Sara just kicked me out of the house." I said as I started to cry again. 

"Isn't she overseas?" 

"She came back so she could fuck me and dump me." 

Stacie took me by the hand and led me to the couch and let me cry on her shoulder for several minutes before I heard a door open behind us. I turned around and saw a cute redhead come walking out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her. She looked at me then over at Stacie who was looking at her as well. 

"Who is this?" The woman signed to her. 

"My name is Amber, Sorry to interrupt." 

"No worries we had just finished the fun part." The woman said and came over and kissed Stacie softly on the lips. "I'm going to bed now baby, will you be in soon?" She signed. 

"I don't know baby Amber's girlfriend just dumped her again." 

"Take your time then baby. Love you." 

"Love you too." 

I looked between them and was impressed when the woman walked away and I saw the bruises on her legs and arms. I knew how much Stacie likes rough sex and from the look of it so did this girl. Stacie watched her walk away with a smile on her face. She turned back towards me and raised her eyebrows. 

"Where did you find this one?" I asked her.

"Myspace." 

"Slut." I laughed. 

"Not anymore. I'm going to settle down with her." 

"Oh that will be the day." I said with a giggle.

"Amber." Stacie signed with emphasis on showing me her left hand.

Right there in clear view was a small Diamond ring. I looked from the ring to Stacie and from Stacie to the ring. She took the completely shocked look on my face as confirmation that I saw the ring and lowered her hand. 

"Besides how could I not Marry her when she does this to me." 

She untied her robe and opened her legs showing me the fresh teeth marks on her pussy lips some of which looked really painful and made me squirm and not in a good way. 

"But you are not here about my sex life. What happened?" 

I told Stacie the story of how Sara surprised me, fucked me then left me just like that. She looked mad enough to kill by the time I was finished telling the story. Somewhere in the middle of the story Stephanie came walking out and sat in Stacie's lap completely nude and listened. When I was finished Stacie told me I was welcome to stay as long as I needed. I considered the idea for a second but when Stephanie opened Stacie's robe and began roughly playing with her nipples I took that as my exit sign. 

Once I had left Stacie's I went to the only place that was left for me. My Mom and Dads. I could almost hear the drums beating as if I was marching to my own death. My dad could care less that I was gay. My mom pretended not to care but she seemed to resent me for not wanting a man and have babies. This was going to be hell and I just knew it.