 I look over at my sleeping girlfriend and smile, thinking about how we first got together. It was sophomore year in college. I lay there stroking my clit as Ellie lay sleeping, oblivious to my movements.

The last bell finally rang and I practically ran to my dorm. I shoved my stuff in and slammed it shut. I hurriedly made my way over to the flagpole, waiting to meet Ellie. Ellie and I were going to Myrtle Beach for spring break. This year, it was special. Both Ellie and I had turned 21 in February and we somehow convinced my parents to let us use their condo. Of course we got the lectures. No "huge" parties (no big deal), no sex (I was planning on losing my virginity), and just generally behave. We agreed and promised we would check in every few days. We had already packed our stuff, which was waiting in the car. I got there and just a few minutes Ellie met me there. 

"You all ready," she asked excitement laced her voice.

"Hell yeah! Fun, sun, and hot guys! Finally, two weeks away with no teachers, no homework, and no parents!" I replied grinning wide.

We got into the car and started to the airport. We cranked the stereo and sang happily all the way there. We checked the car into the parking garage and paid to keep it there for the week. We then got our bags and headed to the security check points. Our luggage got checked in just fine and we made our way to the terminal. Our flight was for 6:30 and it was about 4:30, so we had about 2 hours to kill. 

We decided to go look around in the shops. I wanted to get a few books and some magazines since I didn't get the chance to grab some before the trip. We made our way over to the 'Borders Express' that was there and I headed for the romance/erotica section. Ever since I was introduced to this genre when I was 15 I was hooked. When I turned 18, I bought my first porn magazine. I instantly became hooked. I secretly went to the porn stores incognito and became familiar with toys, movies and other sex related items. I have never had sex, but sex was my obsession. I did have boyfriends and have messed around, but it never got past heavy petting and make out sessions. I browsed the books and decided on a new paranormal romance, a new 'Penthouse Letters', and a 'Hustler' and 'Penthouse' magazine. I stashed my treasures in my big purse and went to find Ellie at the Starbucks.

It was now quarter to six and they announced our flight was going to start boarding. I gave my parental units a quick call to let them know we were going to start boarding and had to shut my phone off. Ellie and I grabbed our things and started to board the plane. We were seated and soon thereafter we were on our way to spring break heaven! The flight was going to take about 4 hours and Ellie started to doze once we were in the air. I pulled out my 'Penthouse Letters' book and began to read. By the time I read the first chapter, I was so fucking horny. My pussy was wet and my nipples ached. I glanced over at Ellie and she mewed in her sleep and sighed deeply. I grabbed my purse and headed to the restroom. I had to relieve myself.

I opened the door and locked it behind me. I got my book back out and read another letter. This one was about a guy and his wife and the first time he wanted another guy to fuck her. Once I was done reading, I slid my hand underneath my t shirt and fondled my tits. My nipples responded to my touch, hardening into hard nubs. I then undid my shorts and licked my fingers getting them all lubricated. I first touched my clit, rubbing it until it was a hard pearl. I drew my fingers around in small circles and moaned as my cunt began to get wetter. I slid 2 fingers into my dripping cunt, slowly pulling them out and pushing them back in. My pussy felt so good. It was hot, tight, and so fucking wet. I felt my orgasm building and slid another 2 fingers in, picking up the pace. I finger fucked myself, rubbing my 38C tits hard. My breathing was heavy and my climax hit me hard. I grunted as cum spilled over my hands and dribbled down my thighs. I licked my sweet juice off my fingers and mopped up my messy pussy. I sat down and peed and flushed the toilet. I washed my hands and went back to my seat, noticing the flight attendant looking at me weird.

When I got back, Ellie was now awake and flipping through my 'Hustler' mag.

"I hope you don't mind. I woke up and couldn't go back to sleep. I forgot to get something to read while we were at the airport," she said, smiling as she flipped the page.

I told her I didn't mind and hoped she didn't notice my flushed face from my session. About a half hour later, we were about to land. Our tray tables were in the upright and locked position and our seatbelts were on. We landed nicely and started to disembark. Forty five minutes later we were on our way to my parents' condo in our rental car. It was a nice 3 bedroom condo overlooking the ocean. I phoned my parents again, letting them know we were here safely and all the usual stuff. I came out into the living room and found Ellie sitting on the couch. 

"Did you want to stay home and relax tonight? Or did you want to hit the clubs and the strip?" she asked.

"I wouldn't mind hitting the clubs. Since it is Friday night. In Myrtle Beach! But what do you want to do?" I asked.

"The clubs sound good to me. Let me go get ready and we'll leave soon."

We went to our rooms to change into our club attire. I pulled off my t shirt and slid my hands around me to undo my bra. My full breasts fell freely and I massaged them gently. I undo my shorts and let them fall to the floor. I grab my shortest skirt I have, which barely covers my ass and then put on my sexy halter. It's a sheer black material, just barely covering my breasts. I put on my sexy high heel flip flops and run a comb through my hair. It's long and naturally wavy. I usually just let it go natural with some mousse and hairspray. I saunter back out into the living room where Ellie is waiting. She is extremely hot in a short pleather skirt, blood red halter and strappy sandals. 

"Oooh, look at you girly! You are one sexy biatch," I exclaim.

"Right back atcha babe," she says as she winks at me.

We link arms and stroll out to the car. We drive about 20 minutes out on the strip and then we are happily lurching through the heart of Myrtle Beach. We found a club called 'Tipsy' and went in. It was 3 stories with a different DJ on each level. We were so hyped up, so we decided to go to the techno floor. The floor was already packed with people. The DJ was pumping out all the latest hits and we immediately began groovin'. We started twisting, grinding, and moving solo and gyrating with the air. A little while later, guys came up and started dancing with us. He stood behind me and grabbed my hips while my ass ground into his pelvis. I turned around and started grinding against him. He put his leg between mine and I humped his thigh. My pussy was getting wet and my clit was growing harder by the second. He slid his hand around and grabbed my ass. Then he slid his other hand up and grabbed my tit. I really didn't like this guy groping me and looked over at Ellie. She knew the look in my eyes and we broke away and went to the bar. We sat there for a while and had a few drinks. Then feeling better, we went back out onto the dance floor. 

Ellie and I feeling a little drunk began dancing with each other. I was behind her and she was grinding her ass into my pussy. We were both feeling happy and totally into the music, so we thought nothing of the notions. She wiggled her hips and pressed her ass farther into me and I pushed back. I started to hump her from behind in time with the beats blasting from the speakers and ran my hands along her sides and held onto her hip with one hand, the other one resting on her ass. She threw her head back and turned around so she was facing me. She wrapped her hands around me and started grinding me face to face. I almost died right then from her pussy rubbing against mine. Our legs tangled together and I pressed my tits against hers, feeling her nipples harden beneath the thin material separating us. As the next song came over the speakers, I felt Ellie's hands pulling me farther up her leg, grabbing my ass. My hands traveled up her thighs and up towards her skirt. She looked at me, lust filling her eyes.

"I want to experience you, Meri," she said huskily.

I nodded and soon we made our way to one of the private V.I.P rooms, grabbing a few drinks on the way. We sipped our drinks, whispering down the hall to the room. It had a couch, a few chairs, and a bed. We sat on the couch, sipping our drinks. Ellie spoke first.

"I don't want you to feel weird Meri, but when you went to the bathroom on the plane and I started reading your magazine, it made me so fucking wet thinking about you. I've always had a thing for you. You're so hot and fuckable," she said her voice dripping with lust.

"I feel the same way El. You are gorgeous. You've got such beautiful tits," I replied as my hand made its way up her neck and touched her face lightly. 

She closed her eyes and reveled in my touch. I leaned in closer and kissed her parted lips gently. Her eyes fluttered open and shut, she set her drink down and opened her sweet mouth to me. Our tongues fiercely battled, wanting dominance over the other. Her hands went up my shirt and she fondled my breasts. I moaned softly into her lips and pressed further into her. She untied my halter and let my breasts escape from their prison of the material. She cupped each breast in her hand and bent her head down licking and kissing my flesh to taste. I shuddered as her exquisite mouth reached my nipple and began flicking it into a hard peak. Her other hand massaged my thigh and traveled up towards my wet cunt. Her hand reached under my skirt and she lightly touched my pussy sending shocks through me. I moaned and ground my hips into her hand.

She pulled away and told me to sit back. She slowly began to dance as the music pounded through the walls of the room. She slid her shirt off of herself and massaged her tits. She then twirled and slid her skirt off, showing me her perfect ass. She bent over and ran her finger between her legs. She slid a finger in her glistening cunt and then slid it back out teasing me. She walked over to where I was sitting and began giving me a lap dance. She bounced on my lap, rubbing her breasts in my face. I greedily grabbed her tit in my mouth and sucked hard. She gasped as the pain/pleasure of my mouth felt hot on her. I rubbed her pussy on my thighs and pushed me down on the couch. She lay on top of me, kissing me passionately. Her hand massaging my cunt and working my hard pearl. I rubbed her back and massaged her sweet ass cheeks. I started grinding against her and she responded by rubbing her cunt on mine. She kissed me again and then started sucking on my breasts. I moaned and started humping her faster, rubbing my clit against hers. I could feel my orgasm building and she humped me back faster, our cunt juices mingling. She sat up on me and straddled me. She reached down and found her hard clit and began a furious rhythm on it, all the while fucking my cunt with hers. She exploded into the skies as her orgasm hit. Mine soon followed, as my juices spewed forward, down my legs and onto the couch. Ellie smiled down at me and kissed me. We both got up and decided it was time to go home.

When we got home, we stumbled in the door tearing at each other's clothes again. We fell into her bed, kissing and fondling each other. We were both naked and making out really heavy. I slid my hand down to her swollen cunt and began stroking my finger against her clit. She moaned and bucked her hips beneath me. I smiled greedily and kissed her again. She rubbed my tit with her hand and with her other, she touched my face lightly. I smiled and got up for a moment.

"I'll be right back," I said grinning wickedly.

I went into my room and dug in my bag. After a few minutes of searching, I produced a strap-on. It was huge. I had bought it when I turned 20 and have never used it. It was a 9 inch blue pearl cock, with a vibrating clit attachment (it was like an egg attached to the dildo to make it easier) with control. It was at least 3 inches around and had nubs and rings to make it more stimulating. It also had a 2 and a half inch part that went inside the wearer to make it feel better. I slipped it on and slipped my "mini" cock into my dripping cunt. I breathed hard for a moment savoring the feel. I grabbed my robe to hide myself from Ellie as I walked into the room. I wanted to surprise her.

"I thought you disappeared," she said as she lay on the bed looking so fucking hot as she slowly fingered her own wet cunt.

"Nope," I said with a sly grin. "I'm right here and I'm going to fuck you good," I said wickedly.

She looked at me lustfully and nodded. I untied my robe and let it fall to the ground. She gasped and her eyes widened as she eyed my cock.

"That won't fit! I've never had sex before. You know that Mer," she said.

"Shhhh, it'll fit. We'll just have to work it in," I said soothingly.

I laid on the bed next to her and kissed her. I wanted to soothe her and let her know it was going to be alright. She relaxed as we made out. I slid my hand down her body and tested her wetness. Damn, she was fucking sopping! I slid my finger along her slit, lubing it up good. I then slid in a finger and Ellie whimpered a little as her cunt contracted. I kissed her more deeply, helping her to relax. Her pussy relaxed as I slid another finger into her hole. She moaned this time.

"Ohhhh Mer. That feels sooooo good! Ohhh!" she exclaimed as my fingers probed her virginal hole.

I then slid another finger into her, stretching her out. She moaned and arched her back, pressing her pussy against my hand. My tongue licked her lips sensually and she darted her pink tongue out and licked mine. I broke away from her and moved between her knees. She looked at me with her lust filled eyes and just nodded. I took some of her pussy juice and lubed up my dildo. I jerked it off like it was a real cock.

"Ohmigod, Mer, that's so fucking hot. Oh yeah, jerk that cock off," she cooed.

I smiled and then positioned my dildo at her sweet entrance. She moaned and I bent down to kiss her sexy lips. As she was distracted by kisses, I began to slide my cock at her slit. She moaned and grinded her hips against it. I slid it slowly in her hole. She gasped as the first inch slid in and I slid more of it in. I soothed her with my lips, gently probing and working in the dildo. I had almost 7 inches in when I felt her resistance. I kissed her deep and she moaned and then with one quick stroke, I broke past her thin hymen. She cried out as the thick cock slid all the way into her. We kissed some more as I let her adjust to the cock. 

Slowly, I started to fuck Ellie. She moaned as her tight fuck hole adjusted to it's size and thickness. I let out a small moan as my little cock fucked me each and every time I thrust deep into Ellie's tight pussy. I stop for a moment and pull out, she moans. I then kneel between her legs and throw her legs over my shoulders. I guide my cock towards her entrance and thrust hard and deep. She squeals as the cock penetrates her. I hand her the egg and turn it on. She pressed it to her hard clit, moving it in little circles, moaning and wreathing in pleasure. I then started to fuck her cunt faster and harder. My breath coming in shallow as my own climax builds. Ellie's so close, I can tell, her pussy muscles clench as I thrust deeper and deeper into her cunt. Ellie screams as she cums hard. I cum soon after her and fall in a collapsed heap next to her. The egg is still buzzing and I reach over and switch it off.

Ellie smiles and reaches over and kisses me. I smile.

"Your turn," she says.

I look at her and say, "my turn? What do you mean?"

She laughs a little and starts to take off my strap-on. She lays between my legs and presses her innocent face to my wet cunt, inhaling deeply of our musky juices mingling together. She looks at me for a second and then concentrates on me. Her pink tongue darts out and licks my swollen bud. I gasp and wriggle beneath her. She giggles, and slides her tongue along my puffy labia.

"Oooooh god El, that feels so fucking good," I manage to say as I gyrate my hips towards her face.

She just smiles and continues to tease me. 

"Don' tease me like that Ellie!" I exclaim and pump my hips towards her mouth.

She nods and then slides her tongue fully into my dripping pussy. I moan as she starts eating me out. I wriggle and wreath beneath her as her lips suck my puffy lips and her tongue slides in and out of my fuck hole. I can feel my climax coming on already. Ellie reaches for the egg and flips it on. She presses it to my very engorged clit and rubs it around in little circles. I gasp as it touches my sensitive clit and grind against it. She resumes tongue fucking me, burying her face in my hairless snatch. 

As my orgasm approaches, she takes away the egg and slides 2 fingers into my well lubricated pussy. She presses her tongue to my clit and licks over it thoroughly. My breathing is shallow and I run my hands through her hair, holding on tightly. I press my cunt into her face, and she finger fucks me harder and faster. Her tongue is working in overdrive, faster and harder. My pussy muscles clamp on her fingers, gripping her tightly, milking them as my orgasm sweeps through me. I scream as electricity bolts through me, leaving me breathless and my pussy juice expels powerfully. I had discovered female ejaculation when I was 19 and this was one of the times I did it. I came all over Ellie's face and it flowed onto her bed. Ellie lapped at it eagerly, moaning as her own orgasm blew through her. She lay down next to me and kissed me. I tasted my sweet cunt juice on her lips and drew her deeper into the kiss. Her body still quivering from her orgasm, relaxed and she quickly fell asleep.

Ellie and I had the best vacation ever. And ever since then we've been together. We have amazing sex. We experiment with other things also. We invite men, women, and lots and lots of toys. I smile as I kiss Ellie's cheek and drift off to sleep.