 This is an autobiographical work of fiction. Characters are not intended to resemble anyone living or dead, fictional or real.

The quotes at section transitions are from songs that played to mind while writing. They enhance the scenes & are intrinsic to the ambiance of the story. Copy/paste & search 'em, & listen. Really. Listen! They'll add seasoning & spice to the narrative experience. (Use Startpage or DuckDuckGo because they don't identify your PC's unique IP address or track your location or collect the content of your searches.)

This story was inspired by "The Last Time We Fucked", a poem by HeartnSole. Words are revolutionary! When soulfully written, they transform to seed riding the winds. It's miraculous, perhaps distressing at times, yet absolutely astonishing what blooms from fertile soils when words fall planted into earth. Thanks J.

Thank you, LesbianChickLit. You sparked my attempt to tell this story. Damn girl, that voodoo that you do so well... You are the wordsmith we all aspire to; that wondrous lover we all desire, too. (Oh, I scream, I need you LCL, please girl, fuck me stupid! Fuck me to the moon... ¡Callate y besame!)

AVixenLiterally helped me fix/edit the first few early drafts; then cut me loose to take wing alone. She challenged me to weave a tapestry that readers might feel & experience. If just a phrase, feeling or image touches your heart, it is because of her generosity, skill & her gentle encouragement. What a gifted storyteller. I am grateful. I am humbled.

Nota bene, I alone am responsible for writing this dreck. This story is work in progress & it's arguably much too early to publish, however, due to the conditions of fate, I don't expect enough time to finish it. Any spelling, grammatical or stylistic faux pas are mine. You have only me to blame if this story sucks.

If graphic sex between two women in love is not your cup of tea, by all means stop drinking it. (I heartily recommend the double-shot Cappuccino.)

No gradual seduction here, shagging starts fast & hard, the tease comes later. Don't complain; you've been apprised.

This is my first submission. (Shut up your domme face!) Being kind is not requested nor required.

All characters were over the age of consent...yada yada yada. If you shouldn't read it, don't!

No teenagers were harmed while writing this story.

 

A Bakery, Ruminations & Fucking...

"The Universe is made of stories, not of atoms."

Muriel Rukeyser



First Part:"God is alive. Magic is afoot."

(In which we meet Erin and, from her perspective, this tale begins...)

It is just dusk when I arrive at the cafe. Opening my car door, the rich aromas of freshly baked breads gently tease my nose. The shop windows are steamy and, as I walk through the front door, rich pungent smells of cinnamon, berries, chocolates, and coffees startle my tongue, assailing my senses; my mouth waters.

I reach behind me and lock the entry. Her back is to me, long lithe legs moving to a tune only heard through her ear buds, that delicious ass seductively swaying to the rhythm. Oh, such a tight and muscled teardrop ass, my breath catches and I am stunned by how pretty she is, how unabashedly spontaneous, how comfortable she is in her own skin.

Not me. I'm more of a self-conscious animal. One of the realities of being a shrink is that I muck about in other people's baggage and emotional garbage, trying to make sense of it, straighten and order it; to engender and nurture some meaning from it and stimulate enlightenment for my patients. (So sue me, I'm into a Jungian gestalt.) It also means I muck about in my own emotional shit too often - it puts a buffer between me and how I experience the world. I am always a bit outside myself, watching, gauging, analyzing –  never like her, just joyfully spontaneous and experiencing.

Jillian is a jock, but she has a dancer's body. Long and sinewy, lean and lithe, her luscious body ripples as she moves. She doesn't walk - she glides and soars. She's an animal, 5 foot 4 inches of raw and untamed, with caramel blonde hair almost reaching the middle of her back, it is wavy and shiny, and sparkles in the light.

I quietly walk up behind her, slip my hands beneath her rainbow LGBT tank-top and wrap my arms around her muscled torso; silken skin and ripe firm breasts fill my hands. "Don't move." I murmur in her ear as she, surprised at first, gasps, turning her cheek into my neck. My left hand leaves her breast, stroking up against her throat, and gently covers her mouth. "Shush." I whisper, my tongue tracing the tender shells of her ear. She shudders, takes a breath, and trembles. Her tongue darts out, shyly licking my palm, stroking out to the junction of my middle fingers and then back, slow warm wet breathe on my palm. I shiver a little, still not used to how deeply I care for her, how much I want her. My pussy clenches and dampens. The bakery smells waken my stomach; it's growling, and I realize I've not eaten since bagels and coffee early this morning. My hunger for her and the tasty smells around me makes me drool.

I stroke her firm breast, pinching a turgid nipple as it hardens and stiffens between my thumb and forefinger, the areola becomes goose bumpy. She gasps. "Please lock the door, baby," she moans, grinding her ass between my hips and pushing onto my cunt. "It's already done, sweetness." I say and turn her slowly around, gently pushing her to her knees, drawing her face towards my thighs. Her fingers deftly unbutton my jeans and peel them from my ass, down my legs, her tongue licking the insides of my thighs, hands grasping my ass cheeks. Desire washes through me and my knees become weak. I actually feel like I might fall, and begin shuffling us backward to the display counter.

Stumbling into it, the coldness of the glass shocks me and trembling, I slide downward, grabbing hold of a shelf behind me to stop from falling. My left hand fists her hair as I pull her further between my thighs. "Lick me." I manage hoarsely and her tongue teases my slit, flattens and draws up between my flooding lips, flutters against my hardening clit for a teasing few moments, and suddenly plunges into my pussy. The muscles in the small of my back clench, tingling boils up the base of my spine, sending shock waves into my pussy.

Her tongue lashes, then flutters my clit and I become dazed, my ears dulled from the pressure of my pleasure, and I begin to swallow hard, repeatedly, as if by so doing I can regain some footing, find some semblance of control – but I am lost as her fingers plunge into me, two, then three, faster, so deep. 

"More," I plead; I think I am screaming. "Jillian, please, oh shit." My head is pounding, throbbing, a roaring overwhelms my hearing, my stomach clenches, my groin spasms repeatedly, I arch upwards, legs shaking over the balls of my feet and the cum crashes through my body. I am screaming, trying to pull away from her nibbling lips, her fluttering stiffened tongue; I am hovering between ecstasy and pain and try to pull away, not able to maintain the contact as I again begin shaking. But she is gripping my ass so fucking tightly. 

"Oh, you devil," I moan, "you wonderful, beautiful bitch."

She giggles into my pussy, her voice thrumming my turgid lips. And then her tongue softens, lips become gentle, nuzzling my labia, nose softly teasing my clit and I feel her chuckling and humming my pussy as she slowly, so tenderly licks and sings me back to earth.

I gaze down at her face between my thighs, and we lock eyes as her tongue gently rouses my desire and her song vibrates through my sopping pussy. I don't know if I can take any more, but she is relentless, and all reason leaves me – I give up and surrender to just "feeling" as another orgasm washes over me. My ears dull, my chest hammers, nipples tighten, and I cum again, but slowly this time, gently, and as I stroke Jillian's cheeks and gaze into those impossibly blue and emerald-flecked eyes, I begin to cry.

How the hell did this happen to me, I wonder?

Second Part:"I was all right, for a while, I could smile for a while..."

(In which Jillian is introduced, and the tale continues from her perspective...)

Erin is crying and I'm shocked. I turned and pulled her close. She's so tall, an easy 5 foot 10, and in those ankle boot heels she dwarfs my 5'4" dancer's frame. I looked into her shining golden amber eyes and gently caressed her face.

"Please, baby," I asked. "What did I do, Erin?"

She sniffled. "Nothing," she soothed me, "you didn't do anything." Erin reached down, cupped my face in her strong, soft hands and I felt warm and tingly, safe, and stroked the soft brown curls that framed her face. Wow! Those golden amber eyes of hers; I get lost in them sometimes. Her legs are long, lithe and shapely, firmly muscled, and her ass is hard yet the skin velvety soft to the touch. I pull her more deeply to me.

"I'm just amazed that it's only been a few weeks," she said. "You are magical."

I giggled and pushed her back a bit, tossed my head to the side and coyly smiled, whispering, "Want to see my next trick?" I pirouette a couple of times, my skirt flaring and billows. Before falling to my knees I slowly dropped backwards, wantonly brazen, presenting my bald pussy to her as I slipped my fingers into my slit and began tweaking my berry red nipple with my left hand.

"Jillian?" she said, surprised. "Baby, you've gone commando. I like."

Her eyes darkened, they actually get kinda smoky. She loves my large breasts and don't I know it. "Show me, sweetness." she pleaded. Erin sat between my legs, watching me rub my red berry nipple, gasping when I dove three fingers into my cunnie. I could hear the sloshing as I plunged my fingers in and out of me, shuddering at how hot it felt to masturbate while she watched me so intensely. She began panting and stroked her mound, teasing her clit and softly licking her lips.

Then she got that look in her eyes, and I knew I was in trouble.

She stood, took powdered sugar and a bowl of chocolate fudge sauce from the warming tray on the counter, and put them both at my feet. "Daddy's hungry," she purred, dipped her fingers in the fudge and plunged them into my glistening pussy. She took the sugar; I felt it dusting my breasts. Reaching behind to the shelf, she found a raspberry scone, took it and began flicking my clit, swirling the pastry in my fudge soaked labia. She brought the scone to her lips, slowly. I was entranced. She licked the glistening chocolate and took a bite, chewing thoughtfully as she again teased my pussy with the damned biscuit before pushing it further into me. For a moment I thought about how difficult it would be to get cleaned up; but only for a moment. Then her mouth was on me, enveloping my labia in her hot lips, sucking my pussy, drawing the chocolate from me, her tongue lapping at my tunnel as her lips closed on my clit. Her teeth nibbled my pearl. I began shuddering, arching my ass towards her face – and – she stopped.

I howled. "Baby, please," I shrieked, and writhed up off the floor, completely lost in my need to cum. But she just sat her ripe ass on the balls of her feet and grinned mischievously at my frustration. 

Hey Jillie," she purred, "Want to see me pull a rabbit outa my hat?"

She fiddled with something behind her back. I heard a bit of a rustle, fabric on fabric maybe, I don't know. Stunned, my eyes shot open as suddenly, something is toying at my pussy. It springs to life. She pushed it pulsing inside me, simultaneously tickling my clit. She watched me wriggling on the floor, thoughtfully munching the last bites of the scone.

"I'll be right back," she said, licking crumbs from her fingers. "You can keep touching yourself, but if you cum, there will be consequences."

"What, where are you going," I asked? But she turned around and again busied herself at the counter.

I grabbed the toy and held it humming my clit, slowly pulsed it in and out of my tight slick pussy.

"This is delicious coffee, sweetie." She turned and sipped the rich roast, relishing its tart bitter sweetness. I kept rubbing myself, desperate to cum for her, to madden her with my desire. I brought fingers to my lips and tasted the warm rich chocolate sauce mixed with my tart musky juices, savoring the tastes and smells. Her eyes darkened as she gazed at me over the steaming rim of her coffee cup. She smirked. "Uhm, uh-uh," she ordered, "no cumming just yet."

She took the toy from my hand as I continued fingering myself, and brought it to her lips, lapping the chocolate from the tip as she began deep throating the shaft. It was odd because I'd never seen her do that, it was always her wearing a toy. God, how I wish she'd just fuck me with it. I love it when she's wearing a strapless, it looks so kinky sexy. The way the cock hangs from her pussy, it's so hot and sensual, I shiver at the thought as I open my eyes and she's gazing intently at me. She knows what I want. She leaned over and put the toy to the side. Her hands went behind her and as she brings them into view, I see the strapless and squeal. God help me, I squealed, as she dipped a bit and ever so slowly plugged the thick shorter end of the strapless into her cunnie. Her eyes fluttered to squinting, her firm breasts jiggled, and she pushed it up inside herself. She shook out her hair, tossed her head to the side, and began stalking towards me. Hot damn! She throws her shoulders back, pert breasts jiggling proud and firm, striding towards me, and I am melting.

When the tip of the strapless stroked my labia I thought I might faint, so deeply felt was my desire.

I've never had sex with a man. I knew from my earliest memories that I had no interest in guys beyond friendship (duh, I'm not a fool, guys can be cool), so I have no way of knowing what a physical penis would feel like inside me, and frankly, the idea is not in the least bit appealing. But the strapless bobbing from my lover's snatch is so fucking beautiful that my heart clutches, it makes me breathless. Her golden amber eyes peering into mine overwhelms me.

I feel the pressure as she slowly thrusts inside me, just the tiniest bit, then a bit more, and more, deeper. I am feeling so full and she fills and stretches me and it spills upwards and throughout my body. My thighs tremble and tingle then become heated and my stomach crawls with desire. Her breasts flush as she hovers above me, panting gently; she is so fucking strong and the muscles in her arms are popping, her neck is rippling as she gazes into my baby blues and then leans in and tenderly kisses the tip of my nose. She has the most amazing six pack (8-pack, actually) and the muscles of her torso are rippling with the energy of sheer physical strength and her incredible hunger. Her eyes are glazed and she looks like she could absolutely devour me, and goddamnit, I'd joyfully let her!

This strapless has a vibrating component and she has turned it on. I feel rather than hear it, and am surprised by a rumbling deep within my cunt. She glides effortlessly, sawing into me, a thrusting that has become more urgent, harder. My ankles are on her shoulders and she moves up my torso, folding my legs, pushing my thighs back towards my breasts. I pull my knees into my breasts as best as I can, rolling my hips up off the floor to meet her thrusting hips. Erin's thighs slap my ass hard with each deep plunge and she grinds her pussy against the rough nub of the strapless rubbing her clit against it. I'm just able to stretch and reach under her and finger the strapless, pushing her end deeper into her pussy. Erin groans, lowers her face to my cheek, nuzzles and bites the side of my throat. Her muscles grow taut and I wrap my arms around my calves, pulling my knees against my breasts.

"Come for me, baby," her voice is smoky, raspy, "Come for me now."

My legs fall collapsing, and my ankles lock around her waist as my head lifts. I'm straining to reach her lips. She arches her head back and begins to groan, plunging to the hilt deeply within me and I scream with wild abandon as my body spins and tumbles, crashes into orgasm, clenching, thrashing my head about, grinding my teeth as my eyes become glazed, then blindingly bright light explodes around me.

When I awaken, it is to the feel of cool water at my lips, gentle soft fingers stroking my face. I gaze into Erin's golden amber eyes. "You fucked me so good I passed out," I hissed, overwhelmed. She smirks looking kinda proud, and nods slowly.

"I love you, sweet Erin," I tell her as tears spill from my eyes.

I suppose, since we've come this far, I ought to tell you. Erin, my Amazonian beauty is 29. She's a psychologist, a proud RPG gamer (role playing video games), a self-proclaimed math savant, a deliciously foxy femme-dyke, addicted to coffee and sex (maybe?), and she is dying. She has ovarian cancer. In remission for three years, it suddenly came back with a vengeance, and it will consume her soon. Not in years but in months. I don't know how I find the strength not to break down sobbing each time I think of her no longer being here. I've suffered heartbreak before, felt deep anguish, the hopelessness of absolute despair, but Erin dying? That is not fair! I rage inside. It cuts me deeply, painfully. We have only known each other for a few weeks, yet it feels like that cliché of 'we've known each other our whole lives'. I don't know how I will go on without her, yet all I dare allow myself is to remain focused in the present as best I can be. 

"What are you mulling, my little Yoda," she coos, and softly flutters her eyelash against my cheek. Butterfly kisses; my heart clutches, I gasp. I am a puddle. She melts me. I throw my arms around her pulling her into me, my chest trembling and heaving, and...

My cunnie farts. 

I am mortified. Erin collapses against me, laughing hysterically.

Third Part:"Drove my Chevy to the levee, But the levee was dry..."

(In which Jillian continues her story, we deepen our acquaintance with the girls, and though it may seem that fucking is all they do, the layers have begun to peel away...)

The wind is howling. It is bitter cold. I locked the bakery door and we ran to Erin's car. My teeth chattering and shivering uncontrollably, I tumbled in when she opened the door. The engine roared to life and Erin threw a fleece blanket over me, rubbing warmth into my bare goose pimply arms. "Heat will be on in a minute, Sweetness." she murmured, stroking my hair, breathing warmly into my ear. She nibbled just above my collar bone, gently suckling and licking my neck, and I began to calm, warmed by her touches. I think I loved her from the moment I first saw her.

I felt Erin shaking and kind of panting. Alarmed, I thought she was crying and clutched her face between my palms. She glanced at me, and burst out laughing.

"What," I asked, confused.

"Pussy farts," she stammered, howling with laughter. Her head collapsed into my lap while I became indignant.

Okay, I was pissed. "It's...it was just fucking biology, and physics...queefing is a goddamn physical reaction." I sputtered. "Shit, you're so un-fucking-couth, you graceless bitch." Incensed, I slapped the back of her head and tried to push her from my lap but she latched onto my thigh and blew a raspberry, loudly.

She lifted her head and looked into my eyes with such glee that I was unable to feel angry any longer. These moments of sheer joy and pleasure were gifts of respite, all too few occasions when she was free of the cancer ravaging her body, for a short while unbound from the cruel, icy clutches of death so immediately dancing ever-present at her side.

"I'm sorry, Jillian." She sighed. Sitting up, she caressed my face, stroked the hair from my eyes and kissed my forehead. Reaching across me, she opened the glove box, pulled out her cigarette case and went to light a joint. I snatched it from her lips. "No way." I hissed. "You're not gonna drive stoned." Grabbing her keys from the ignition I made to leave. I couldn't save her but I damn well would save myself.
