 Delia woke from a very deep sleep to an ear splitting scream, followed by extreme laughter. Startled, she opened her eyes and saw a young Native American woman standing in the doorway. As soon as she saw Delia open her eyes, the young woman ran into the living room, still laughing loudly and uncontrollably. Delia looked around so she'd know exactly the young woman had seen. Delia saw that she was still wearing the strap on, and that she and Gina were still nude and in the same position they had been in when they fell asleep the night before.

Delia figured that the young woman was probably Gina's daughter, and wasn't the least bit embarrassed. In fact, she loved people walking in on her in such situations. Over the years, she'd been walked in on several times by friends or relatives of her sexual partners, and it always made her feel hot, though it was always embarrassing to her lover, especially as it exposed the lesbianism of a few of them.

"Gina," Delia whispered. Gina seemed to still be completely out of it, probably from having gotten so fucked up on weed the night before. After a few seconds of no response, Delia said in a fairly loud voice "Gina!"

At that, Gina groggily opened her eyes very slightly, and seemed oblivious to the hysterical laughter that continued. "Good morning!" Gina said, very exhausted but equally happy.

With a smile, Delia said "A girl just walked in on us!"

Suddenly Gina became extremely embarrassed and her face turned bright red. "Oh shit!" she whispered, "That's my daughter."

"Does she know you're lez?!" Delia asked with a big grin.

"No. Well, I guess she does now."

"Honey, you just need to come out of the closet, and be comfortable with and proud of who you are! It's such a powerful and liberating feeling not to give a fuck if anyone knows you're lez!"

Ignoring that line, Gina shouted "Shantel?"

While still laughing, Gina's daughter said "Mom, do I need to leave the apartment for a little while so you two can have privacy?!"

"No, we'll be right out." Gina said, then whispered to Delia "I guess we should go out there and talk to her."

"Yeah," Delia replied, "but don't act like you have something to be ashamed of!"

"I'll try," Gina said nervously.

Delia took off her strap on, and Gina got two long T shirts out of her closet, putting one on herself and giving the other to Delia. Holding hands, the two walked out to the living room, where Shantel was sitting on the right side of the couch. By this time, she was no longer laughing, but still had a huge grin and hadn't quite caught her breath. She then shifted to a crosslegged position and turned to face her mom, who faced forward with her head down.

Sounding very hesitant and awkward, Gina began "Shantel, this is my girlfriend, Delia."

"Hi Delia!" Shantel said cheerfully.

"Hi!" Delia responded in a normal, pleasant voice.

Shantel then redirected her attention to Gina. "Mom, why didn't you tell me you're lez?!"

"I just didn't know how you'd react," Gina said, now a little more comfortable, because of her daughter's apparent acceptance.

"Come on, Mom; I still loved you after you were in prison for eight years, and you think I'm going to stop loving you because you're into girls?!"

Though Delia showed no reaction, as she often didn't, she was struck by that comment, not realizing that Gina had been to prison, and was wondering what she did to serve so much time, though it didn't change her deep interest in Gina.

"I didn't know, Honey," Gina responded.

Enthusiastically hugging her mother, who tenderly hugged back, Shantel said "Oh, I love you, Mom!"

"I love you, too, Honey," Gina responded.

Shantel then got up and walked over to Delia with arms open wide, saying "And I love you, too, Mr. Mom!"

Delia stood and told her prospective future step-daughter "I love you, too, Honey!" as they hugged for the first time. Delia also thought about being addressed by Shantel as "Mr. Mom." She decided that while it wasn't as sweet as the "Mama Delia" that Jonathan called her, it was nevertheless cute, and she might enjoy being called that over the long term.

As she let go of Delia, Shantel said "Mom, I just have one question!"

"Go ahead," Gina said, relieved that she wasn't being disowned by her daughter, but still embarrassed by what Shantel saw.

"Does a strap on feel as good as the real thing?!"

Gina then blushed again, but this time she grinned, and after a few seconds said "Much better!"

All three laughed in response, and Shantel then went to the kitchen to make breakfast for the three of them. During that time, Gina and Delia talked casually on the couch and Gina began to get somewhat comfortable with the whole situation.

During the breakfast. Delia and Shantel had a long and friendly conversation in which they got to know each other a lot better and quickly started building a great friendship, while Gina largely stayed quiet and smoked cigarettes. Shantel was much more extroverted than her mom and much more polished. Shantel was working as a retail clerk and cashier at a store and going to a junior college, studying early childhood education. She looked much like her mother, but was quite a bit smaller, at 5'1" and 120 lbs.

As the three finished breakfast, Delia gave Gina an inviting grin and asked "So do you have any plans for the rest of the weekend?!"

"Not until work Monday morning!" Gina responded.

"Come on, let's go over to my apartment!"

"That sounds like a great idea!"

Shantel, grinning widely because she'd never before see her mother appear to be in love, stood up as if to leave, but stopped and said "Well Mom, if you need a matron of honor, I'm available!"

After everyone laughed, Gina said "I think that's a little premature, Honey, but if I ever get married, of course you're the only one I'd even consider!"

"Awww, you're so sweet!" Shantel said as she leaned over and hugged her mom from behind.

"Thanks, Honey!" Gina said as she gripped Shantel's forearms.

Shantel then went into the bathroom and showered while Delia and Gina got dressed, and Gina packed a bag with two changes of clothes, in the hope that she would end up staying at Delia's apartment until Monday.

The new couple walked from Gina's apartment to Delia's car, holding hands with their fingers interlocked the entire way. Unlike the night before, when no one saw them, this time several people saw them and a few stared. Gina was uncomfortable with it, but wanted Delia to know that Gina was proud to be Delia's girlfriend.

During the 15 minute drive, the two had a very friendly conversation about Shantel, who was clearly by far the greatest joy of Gina's life.

They arrived at Delia's apartment, which was about the size of Gina's, but much nicer both in itself and its furniture, which were very middle class looking. Delia was well off financially and could've afforded a much more expensive place, but was saving her money and living somewhat modestly while single.

As they walked in, Delia immediately stripped nude and left her clothes on the floor by the door. Gina was at once shocked and amused by Delia's bluntness, then slowly stripped nude herself - revealing that her tattoo was a Native American design - and dropped her clothes on top of Delia's. Gina then looked around and seemed somewhat in awe. Apparently, she perceived Delia as having a much more affluent lifestyle than Gina was accustomed to.

After a few seconds, Gina sniffed and then grinned "Shit, girl! How much fucking weed do you smoke?!"

"Usually three of four joints a day! Sometimes 10 or 12 if I don't have to be at work the next morning!"

"What do you do when it's time for your apartment to get inspected?!"

"The guys who work in maintenance get their weed from me, so that's no problem!"

"As good as your shit is, I want to get my weed from you, too!"

"I'll make you a deal! You give me unlimited access to that Native American cunt, and I'll give you unlimited access to my weed!"

"It's a deal! Should we shake on it?!"

"No, we should smoke and fuck on it!"

At that, Delia took Gina by the hand and walked her back to the bedroom, where they immediately got in bed together. Under the blankets, they lay on their sides, holding each other tightly and closely, as the fronts of their bodies pressed against each other. Delia then reached into a cigar box on the head board, and grabbed a blunt and a lighter.

As she and Gina shared the blunt, Delia began "So why were you in prison for eight years?!" very curious, but trying not to sound intimidating. Delia was already falling in love with Gina and didn't want her to be afraid that Delia would end the relationship if the crime was bad enough.

Gina looked embarrassed and softly said, while avoiding eye contact with Delia, "Shit, I was hoping you wouldn't notice when Shantel said that. I guess because I said you were my girlfriend, she thought you already knew."

"I guess you told her I'm your girlfriend so she wouldn't know you had sex with a girl you just met last night."

"Yeah."

"Well listen, I can go online and find out what you did, so you might as well..."

"Yeah, you're right, I'll go ahead and tell you. Besides, I think we might have a chance to be a long term couple, so I want us to have trust with each other."

"I know all about that," Delia said glumly, thinking about how much she broke trust with both Deborah and Karen.

"Well anyway, back in 1998, I was a meth addict..."

"Oh shit," Delia immediately thought to herself, remembering her mother's meth addiction. However, Delia again showed no reaction.

Gina continued "...and me and two other people robbed a jewelry store. Prison sucked, but they put me through rehab and it might've saved my life. And it definitely saved my relationship with Shantel. I wasn't worth a fuck as a mom until I got out." After pausing for a few seconds and seeing no reaction from Delia, which seemed to cause Gina confusion and uncertainty, she added "Except for weed and cigarettes, I've been clean since I got out. I'm completely non-violent when I'm not on meth. I hope this doesn't scare you away."

"It doesn't, honey. Besides I know what it's like to fuck up and get an undeserved second chance."

"You've been to jail before, too?"

"Well, I have, but that's not what I mean. I'm talking about my last relationship. I found the woman of my dreams. Her name was Karen. She treated me like a queen for the whole 17 years and I cheated on her hundreds of times. She kept giving me chance after chance after chance to change, but I never did, and I finally lost her, and her son, who I loved like my own." By that point, Delia was tearful, and after a few more seconds, she broke down and wept, while saying "I hurt her so much and I don't think she'll ever forgive me."

Gina then tried to be comforting, hugging Delia even tighter, which Delia immediately reciprocated. After about 30 seconds, Delia had calmed down, then looked at Gina's face from just a few inches away. Up to this point, Gina had mostly avoided eye contact with Delia, but now the two gazed deeply into each other's eyes.

"I know it's early," Delia said, "but I have a good feeling about you."

"I have a good feeling about you, too," Gina responded.

"24 hours ago, I didn't think I'd ever find love again. Now I'm hoping I was wrong. I think we might be very good for each other. We both fucked up the first half of our lives, but now maybe we can help each other have a great second half."

"I'd like that."

"When I went to that bar yesterday, I was just looking for a hook up. But I realize now I was setting my sight way too low. I realize I need to keep my dreams alive and keep looking for something extra special."

"So what's that something special that you dream of having?"

"A wife."

"It would be my dream come true to have a wife and be a wife."

"Me too. Ever since I was 14 and first realized I was lez, I dreamed so many times about having a wedding with a woman, but I thought it was just a fantasy. And it hurt so much to see so many of my lesbian friends finally getting married about the time Karen broke up with me."

"Maybe I can help you stay faithful and you can help me stay off meth."

"Well, at least we can try," Delia said, as she finished the blunt. "I don't know what the future holds, but I do know that I love you, Gina."

Smiling and joyfully crying, Gina responded "I love you, too."

At that, they began a slow, deep, passionate kiss. Delia's hands explored Gina's body, and Gina followed the lead. Delia caressed Gina's back, hips, and ass, while Gina worked Delia's knockers, and especially stimulated her hard nipples. Gina also rubbed her bare soles all over Delia's calves, thighs, and ass.

After a couple of minutes, Delia started grinding Gina, who immediately returned the favor. Their bushy cunts rubbed together hard, and had been continually wet since they were in the bar the night before. As the grinding got faster and harder, their kissing sped, and they held each other tightly. Upon her first orgasm, Gina started to slip away, but Delia wrapped her legs around Gina's waist, holding her in place. Each came several times over the next few minutes

Delia then suddenly rolled onto her back, grabbed Gina by the head with both hands, and grunted "Go down on me."

Excited about tasting cunt for the first time, after dreaming about it for 31 years, Gina dove between Delia's legs and zealously went to work. As Delia caressed Gina's hair, Gina tried to copy what had been done to her by Delia the night before. While Gina clearly was a rookie, she had great instincts and was clearly very passionate about what she was doing. Those factors made up for her lack of experience. And besides that, it was a huge turn on to Delia anytime a woman she was with was engaging in a lesbian activity for the first time. And even more so in this case, seeing that this is something that Gina desperately wanted for nearly 1/3 of a century.

Gina licked Delia's soaking wet cunt all over, paying particular attention to the clit. Delia began moaning in a few seconds. It wasn't the relentless, non-stop screaming that Gina exploded with the night before when receiving oral sex for the first time, but Delia was enjoying this very much and appreciated that Gina was trying so hard.

After about a minute, Gina realized that she was getting far more response from licking the clit than anything else, so she concentrated just on that area, going as fast as she could, up and down. Her tongue motions had a lot of room for improvement, but Delia was an outstanding teacher, and already felt that she was in this relationship for the long haul.

When Gina started working exclusively on licking the clit, Delia's body began to tremble, and her moaning became very loud. That gave Gina confidence in her lesbian ability for the first time. Delia came mildly in about 30 seconds, and used her thighs to squeeze Gina's head amid the euphoria. Gina kept up the licking and Delia's orgasms followed suit, becoming progressively more frequent and more intense. A few times, Delia's come got into Gina's nose, causing her discomfort, but each time she quickly wiped it out and continued where she left off.

Finally, after about 12 minutes, Delia's clit got too sensitive. She suddenly rolled both herself and Gina over, ran over to her coat and grabbed her strap on, put it on Gina, and positioned herself inside it. This was something that wouldn't be negatively affected by Gina's inexperience. Delia was an expert at riding cowgirl. As she and Gina held hands with their fingers interlocked, Delia closed her eyes tightly and concentrated just on getting herself off as long and as hard as she could.

Knowing exactly how to maximize her pleasure, she began moving herself up and down on the artificial fuckstick with short and rapid thrusts that hit her G spot every time. She came within 15 seconds, and that was just the beginning. As she kept fucking, she kept experiencing wave after wave of orgasmic bliss. And as fucked up as she was on weed, her senses were heightened to the max, while she lost awareness of her surroundings and was consumed only with trying to make this her best sexual encounter ever.

Delia was so physically fit and had ridden strap ons so often, her thighs were strong enough to keep riding all day. During most of the fuck, she had breathed heavily but not moaned. However, after about 20 minutes, she felt that she was about to go over the edge and experience the most amazing euphoria possible. Now she increased herself to top speed and squeezed the strap on very hard with her cunt while maintaining the same short thrusts.

A few seconds later, it hit. "Fuck!" she loudly gasped as her entire body was completely filled with the ultimate physical pleasure and her cunt gushed out juices like a faucet. As Gina watched in amazement, and the two continued holding hands, Delia milked the orgasm for all it was worth. She breathed very heavily but moaned only mildly until it faded out after about one minute and twenty seconds.

As she stopped thrusting, Delia took a deep breath and opened her eyes a few seconds later. She looked down at Gina and the two new lovers warmly smiled while gazing deeply into each other's eyes. "Precious," Delia said softly as she lay down next to Gina and embraced her. The two then hugged very tightly and wrapped their legs around each other.

"Wow!" exclaimed Gina, sounding very exhausted but equally ecstatic. "You are the sex queen!"

"I know!" Delia responded. "And you're off to a good start, yourself! And as long as you stay with me, I'll train you so that you'll lick cunt as fantastically as I do!"

"I'm definitely going to stay with you!"

"Why's that?!"

Gina then changed her tone to very serious. Now slightly tearful, she said. "The sex and weed is fantastic, but that's not the best part. My whole life I've just wanted someone, a man or a woman, to hold me all night and make me feel loved, wanted, and desired. Last night it finally happened, and it was a dream come true."

"You're a dream come true for me, Precious."

"I never thought anyone would ever call me 'Precious,' and I never thought I'd be anyone's dream come true."

"Well you are now. I love you so much, Precious."

"I love you too, Delia."

At that, the two began a slow, deep, passionate kiss while their dark skinned bodies and long black hair blended together.

After almost 10 minutes, Gina said "Amazingly, after all the sex we've had in the last 16 or 18 hours, I'm still horny as fuck!"

"Girl, I'm always horny! Especially when I'm fucked up! And I get fucked up every fucking day!"

"I hope you'll get me fucked up every fucking day also!"

"Of course I will!"

"That's good! But what I was starting to say is that even though I'm still horny as fuck, my clit and cunt are too sore after what you did to them last night!"

"I hope it was worth it!"

"Of course it was; that was by far the most I've ever come!"

"I'll make you come like that very often if you'll let me!"

"Of course I will! I just wish you could do it now!

"Well, as an alternative while you're healing, would you like to rim?"

"What's that?!"

Delia grinned at her 43-year old girlfriend's naïveté. "Lie down on your front and spread your feet shoulder length apart."

Gina instantly did, while having no idea what was about to happen. Delia knelt between Gina's legs, grabbed one of her chunky ass cheeks in each hand, then held them apart as far as possible, exposing her adorable virgin rosebud.

Delia then leaned forward and ran her tongue all the way up Gina's crack from bottom to top, swallowing up all the sweat that had built up between her fat cheeks. Next, Delia went to work on Gina's rosebud. Gina gasped in pleasure and surprise the moment that the tongue-to-rosebud contact began, and kept gasping as Delia made hundreds of slow, sensual licks, from bottom to top, 
