 I met Michelle where we worked a few years ago. We hit it off instantly. She was a tall gorgeous brunette with big dark eyes and olive skin. Her breasts were full and voluptuous. Every man in the place wanted her. Maybe even some of the girls. One day when we were having lunch, she asked me if my husband had ever asked me to be involved in a threesome. 

"So, has Tony ever asked you to be with another woman?"

"Yeah, but it wasn't anything I seriously considered. I told him if he wanted me to be with another girl, he would have to be with another man first and I know that's not gonna happen," I said to her.

"Yeah, I understand," Michelle said.

"Why, did Kevin say something to you?" I asked.

"He has brought the subject up every once in a while. I just don't know if I can bring myself to do it. I never thought about being with another girl before," she said.

"HA! me either. I mean, if I did, I'd have to really give it some serious thought. It's not something I would go into blindly. I would be afraid that he might want to be with her more than he would want to be with me. I think that might bother me a little bit." I finished.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," she said.

We both sat there the rest of the day doing our work, every once in a while glancing at each other with giggles. It was a little weird to be discussing having a threesome at work. 

The next day Michelle came in looking just as good as the day before. She had a tank top on that really showed off her great breasts. I couldn't help but look at them whenever I got the chance.

"So, I talked to Kevin last night", Michelle said all giggly.

"Oh yeah, what did he say?".

"Well," she said with a smile, "He said that he was really happy that I wanted to do this with him and then he wanted to know if I had anyone in mind." I could feel the color drain from my face and my heart started to race. "I would want to be with someone I thought I would have a good time with. Someone I like, someone who's the same size I am, maybe I little bigger. I certainly don't want to be with anyone who weighs 100 pounds," she laughed out loud. "I want to do this with someone I trust". Then she smiled at me. 

"What in the world are you smiling at me like that for?" I asked her.

"Well we are really good friends. I trust you, I think you are really pretty and I think we could do this, together, me and you." Then she gave me this Cindy Brady look that made it hard to say no. "Please," She said.

I said, "You're really serious, aren't you"?

"I've never been more serious about anything in my life".

So we sat there and talked about how we thought things would pan out. I would go over, we'd watch threesome porn to pick up some tips, have some drinks and just got for it. How hard could it be, right? The next day Michelle came into work and came right to me. She had this look in her eye that I knew would be trouble.

"I can't do it," she said.

"How come?"

"I would get too nervous if I wasn't with you before we had the threesome"

"Run that by me again," I said

"Well, I was giving this a lot of thought last night, and I decided that we should be together first, then if things worked out, we could have the threesome with Kevin."

I was in complete shock. I didn't know what to say. I wanted to tell her she was out of her mind, I've never been with a woman and that I thought she would never go thru with this. None of that came out of my mouth.

"Well, I guess there is no harm in that. I mean, it can't hurt right. The both of us would be more comfortable." She reached up and hugged me.

"So when do we do this?" She asked.

"You pick a date and time and we'll do it". Just like that it happened. She followed me home the next weekend. She was wearing tight demin jeans, a tight tank top and black boots. Her hair was pulled back away from her neck and it looked sexy. I wanted to kiss her right there and then and give into my attraction for her, but I couldn't do it. Even though I knew this was a sure thing, I wasn't sure of myself. 

"So, should we have some drinks?" She asked.

"Sure, there is some beer in the fridge, help yourself." I watched every curve of her womanly body move thru my house. She reached into the fridge and pulled a beer out. She cracked it open as she came walking towards me. I could see how hard her nipples were and wanted to start this "thing" we were doing as soon as I could. She took a large gulp of the cold beer and placed it down on the counter. She leaned in and kissed me full on my mouth. I was a little reluctant at first, but once the blood started to course thru my veins, all passion and want took over. She parted my lips slowly with her tongue. Once our mouths were open and our tongues were exploring each other there was no stopping us.

I grabbed her by the hand and lead her to my room. The lighting was soft and romantic and made for a great mood setting. She crossed her arms at her waist and pulled her shirt up over her head. Her double d's filling the cup of her bra. Unzipping her jeans she walked over to me, never losing eye contact. She brushed my hair back from my shoulders and kissed my neck, leaving traces of her soft tongue everywhere. My head went back in pleasure as my hands started up her body. I slowly ran a finger over her nipple making it hard and ready for me to play with it. I could see it rise thru the silk of her bra. I slid down the cup over her nipple and pinched it lightly with my forefinger and thumb. I heard her gasp with excitement. I looked up into her dark eyes and she nodded to me, that it was ok for me to continue what I was doing. Still playing with her nipples, I started down from her neck, kissing every inch of it. I worked my way down her chest and lightly tongued her nipple. She put her hand on the back of my head and pushed me harder into her breast. I took the nipple into my mouth and sucked on it. She moaned a deep breathy moan and tossed her head back while holding me still on her breast. I reached around, unsnapped the bra, and let it fall to the floor. I reached around with my free hand and started to play with her other nipple. I could feel myself getting warm and moist and wanted to have her touch me also. She could tell by the way I was squirming that I wanted more from her. I wanted to feel her entire naked body on mine. 

I stepped back from sucking her tits and started to take off my shirt. She was already out of her jeans and laying on my bed, waiting for me to go to her. I got on the bed next to her and she started to pull me close. She whispered in my ear that she wanted me to do something for her. I stood up on the bed, completely over her face and started to lower myself onto her, like she asked me to. My legs were spread over her mouth and my wet pussy was now all hers and I was loving it. She spread my lips with her tongue and then let it tease my clit. I started to shake. I brought my hands up to my breasts and started to pinch my nipples. Michelle then reached up and started to play with my clit with her thumb while her tongue worked its magic along my lips. I leaned back, holding myself up on her legs and let her have at it. 

I told her that I wanted to eat her hot pussy and she asked me to keep my pussy on her face while I ate her out. I turned around and kissed her shaved mound. It was gorgeous, smooth and throbbing. I parted her lips with my fingers and slowly teased her clit by blowing on it. I could hear pleasure coming from her. Once her clit was exposed I took it into my mouth and sucked on it. She gasped. "Oooh.. yeah... that feels so good." I licked her clit until I made her cum. 

She got up and out of my bed. She walked over to her bag and pulled out a strap on. With a big smile on her face, she put it on and tapped the bed where she wanted me to be. I walked over to her and started to ravage her mouth with mine while I pinched her nipples. She reached around and grabbed at my ass and told me she wanted to fuck me. I turned around and bent over the foot of my bed. She teased my ass with the head of the dildo while she fingered my pussy to make me wet again. Slowly she inched it in, making me breathe like I never had before. She slid that strap on in and out of my ass like a pro. She started to spank my ass and fuck me harder. She grabbed onto my hips and rammed me while my face was buried in my pillow to keep me from screaming. Just when I thought she was done, she pulled out, turned me around, pushed me back and threw my legs over her shoulders. She reached in and started to play with my clit again. My pussy was soaked and throbbing for all that she gave to me. I came several times while she was inside me and I wanted to cum more. She brought my legs down around her waist and bent in to kiss my nipples. I started to fuck her from underneath, but she made me stop. She took off the strap on and handed it to me. I put it on and laid on top of her. I slowly slid the head of the dildo into her hot pussy and started to pump away at her. She threw her head back in ecstasy and started to scream. I leaned over and placed my mouth over hers and kissed her savagely. I've never wanted anyone so much in my life. I brought her to her orgasm and she started to pant heavily from the multiple orgasms she'd had. She reached up for the back of my head and started to kiss me deeply. She whispered "thank you" to me and asked if she could shower before we went for round two.