 Michelle was a twenty one year old college student. She knew she was attracted to girls ever since she was a teenager. When she discovered masturbation, she would often think of girls as often as guys. She was fine with this but kept it to herself. She had a normal teen age life, culminating in graduating high school and going to college. She had a normal progression of boyfriends, because it was the socially acceptable thing to do. She lived off campus, with her friend Teri, they were both English majors. Michelle wanted to be a journalist when she graduated, probably in another two years. Michelle worked at a small restaurant where she was a waitress, and Teri worked on campus itself, in the library. 

Michelle got off work at 10pm and was home by 10:20. It was a Friday night, so she wasn't that tired, but she didn't have any plans so she figured she would see what Teri was doing and probably tag along. She got home to find Teri in the shower. She went to her room to get out of her work uniform. She rid herself of the blouse and there was a knock on her door. She jumped, startled, but since she was still in her skirt and bra she said loudly, "Come in"

Teri walked in wrapped in a towel, it covered her well and she had another one wrapped around her hair. 

"Hey what are you doing tonight?" Teri asked.

"I don't know, I was going to tag along with you since I don't have anything planned. Do you mind?" Michelle asked.

"No I want you to, I need a friend along. You know my gay friend Brain?" Teri asked.

"Yeah." Michelle said.

"He's having a party. I said I would go. I think it will be fun." Teri told her.

"Is it going to be like all gay guys?" Michelle asked, a little concerned.

"No, there should be some straight guys, and straight and lesbian girls too." Teri said. "Are you cool with that? It will be fun!" 

"I'm cool with that…are you?" Michelle asked.

"Yeah, it will be fun." Teri said. "Plus I want to see two guys make out, I've never seen it before and it turns me on thinking about it."

"Oh god you pervert." Michelle exclaimed and threw a pillow at Teri.

Teri just laughed and left to go get dressed. Michelle closed the door and stripped out of the rest of her clothes. She thought about what kind of party it was going to be and stared at her closet. She decided on a tight white tank top, with a strapless bra, with tight black pants. She put on some open toed sandals and grabbed a coat and went out to see if Teri was ready yet. She yelled out to Teri when she saw she was still in her room. 

"Who's driving?" Michelle asked.

"I will." Came the muffled reply.

Michelle had no complaints, set her coat down on the counter and opened the fridge. All they had to drink alcoholic was leftover beer from one of Teri's guy friends. She grabbed two, opened one and started drinking, waiting for Teri to be done. Two beers later Teri was ready and they walked down to her car. Michelle was almost to the car when she noticed it was cold and felt her nipples harden. She then remembered her coat on the counter. 

"Shit Teri, I forgot my jacket. I'll be right back." Michelle said.

"No, forget it, come on. It's not that cold. I'll turn on the heater." Teri told her.

"No, it's just, oh never mind." Michelle said. She crossed her arms across her chest and let her forearms cover her nipples.

Teri opened the door for her and Michelle got quickly in, and leaned over to open the car door for Teri. Teri climbed in and grinned at her.

"Cold are you?" Teri grinned evilly. "Smuggling raisins are you."

"Oh shut up." Michelle flushed with embarrassment. She turned up the heater as Teri giggled at her. 

"I'm just teasing. Don't be mad." Teri said.

They drove to the party and by the time they got there both were in good moods. Michelle because the two beers made her just a little bit more relaxed and Teri because she was looking forward to the party.

They went in the front door, past the people smoking on the front lawn. They made their way around people until Teri spotted Brian and dragged Michelle over to say hi. After that was accomplished Teri left Michelle with Brian with a short "be right back"

Michelle looked around awkwardly and thought to herself that it looked like a pretty normal party. There was loud dance music playing and a lot of people were dancing in the middle. It was then that she noticed two women dancing very close together. She flushed as she looked at them. They were grinding against each other very sexually and it was totally accepted. She looked around and no one was even staring at them, it seemed like only her. She quickly stopped staring and then looked around and noticed two men dancing together just as close. She almost laughed to herself and looked around for Teri. She went over to the fridge and sure enough, Teri was there talking with a guy she knew from class. When she saw Michelle she said bye to the guy and met her halfway. Teri produced some wine coolers and loaded them onto Michelle. 

Michelle laughed and opened one, and held onto another with her free hand. She motioned Teri over to where she had been standing and nodded her head without looking in the direction of the two guys dancing. Teri looked over where she had nodded, and her eyes got wide. She looked at Michelle questioningly. 

"Well, does it turn you on?" Michelle said jokingly. 

Teri looked at Michelle oddly, and then slowly said, "Well, yeah, it's kind of hot." Teri then grinned at Michelle, "Does it turn you on? Two girls like that?"

Michelle did a double take and looked at where she had nodded, sure enough, the two guys had moved somewhere else, and in their place was the two girls dancing close together that Michelle had first noticed. Michelle felt mortified. She felt her face get very red and she froze.

Teri didn't notice at first and went on speaking. "I guess it's the taboo part of it, I like two girls going at it, and I like two guys going at it, I didn't know you did too." She looked over at Michelle and then noticed something was wrong. She felt herself blush. "Michelle what is it?"

"I thought it was two guys. I didn't mean two girls. Remember what you said about two guys turning you on at our apartment? I thought I was pointing to two guys. So it was like a joke." Michelle stammered out.

It was now Teri's turn to blush. She then said quietly. "Well I don't care if you know, it turns me on, girls together, guys together, and I'm not ashamed." She then walked off swiftly and left Michelle standing there. Michelle tried to follow but Teri was better at weaving through the crowds and she soon lost sight of her. She knew Teri was embarrassed and Michelle felt really bad about it, since it was her fault. She wished she could make it better but if Teri wouldn't even talk about it, how could she? She went to a free area of space and sat down on the couch. She took a long swallow from her wine cooler and looked around at the people, feeling bad about the whole situation. Her eyes spotted the two girls dancing and her mouth dropped open. They were making out right on the dance floor. Her eyes fixed on the two kissing, and she couldn't move her eyes away. It was so beautiful to watch, she felt her thighs twitch together as she felt herself get really turned on in a short time. She averted her eyes, knowing that she would embarrass herself if she kept watching. She glanced down at her chest and noticed that her nipples were rock hard and very visible through the white tank top. She crossed her arms and shook off the wave of pleasure as her forearms brushed against her taut nipples.

She looked around hoping to see Teri but didn't find her. Michelle sat, closed her eyes, and rested her head against the wall. She sat like this for fifteen minutes, listening to the music and trying to reorient herself. She was interrupted when she felt someone sit down next to her, her eyes flew open and she looked to see if it was Teri. 

Sitting next to her was a striking woman; she had long brown hair and fierce green eyes. She had an amazing face and incredible body Michelle could tell even though she was sitting down. Michelle looked into her eyes and didn't know what to say. 

"Hi, I'm Amber." The woman said.

"Michelle." Was all she could say.

"Are you here with anyone?" The woman asked with a smile.

"I came with my friend Teri." Michelle told her.

"Teri a guy or Teri a girl?" Amber asked.

"Oh girl." Michelle said and then realized that Amber was trying to find out if she was here 'with' Teri. "She's just a friend though." Michelle told her.

"I understand, I was wondering, do you want to dance?" Amber asked.

Michelle was glad she was sitting down at that point. Her first thought was yes, and her second thought was, am I sure I should do this. She looked around and then closed her eyes. Despite knowing she liked girls somewhat, she had never acted on anything like this before. She wondered where Teri was, or what Teri was doing. 

Michelle then thought about how it would look. Maybe if she danced with this girl and Teri saw, she would feel less embarrassed. She smiled and hoped that was the case. She turned to Amber and told her yes.

Amber stood up and held her hand out to Michelle. Michelle took it and rose quickly. She leaned over and put her drink on the ground in front of her seat and let Amber lead her out to the dance floor. Amber stopped somewhere in the mass of bodies and put her hands on Michelle's hips. Michelle put her arms around Amber's neck without thinking. Michelle had always danced with guys like this, so it was automatic when Amber touched her hips. Amber smiled at her and stepped a little closer.

Michelle got really nervous all of a sudden and started dancing awkwardly. Amber just moved closer to her and started swaying her hips closer to Michelle's. Michelle closed her eyes and listened to the music. She started dancing easier with her eyes closed, and she felt Amber moving in closer. Michelle leaned forward and felt her chest bump into Ambers. Her eyes flew open to see Amber's reaction and she received a large smile from her. Amber ran her hands farther down Michelle's hips and onto her butt. Michelle gasped and to cover it she just kind of grabbed Amber closer. Amber had her hands on Michelle's ass and was slightly squeezing slightly pulling against Amber herself. Michelle felt so turned on at that point. 

Their bodies were grinding together; pelvises slightly grinding together, Michelle's hard nipples were rubbing against Amber's breasts as well. Michelle knew she must be totally wet. She enjoyed the feeling for a little while longer as the music played on. She moved Amber's hands off of her ass and wrapped them around her neck. Amber seemed to frown but then smiled as Michelle reached her own hands down to cup Amber's ass. Amber closed her eyes for a second and rubbed against Michelle's hard body. Amber stroked one of Michelle's cheeks with her nail and Michelle opened her eyes, to see Amber leaning in to kiss her. Michelle froze, but didn't move away, so the next thing she felt was Amber's soft lips brush against hers gently. She closed her eyes and kissed Amber back. Amber moved her neck further in and Michelle met her with the same force. Michelle felt Amber's tongue lick her lower lip as they kissed, as if asking invitation to enter. Michelle answered this with her own tongue, going out to meet Amber's. The started French kissing while holding each other, Michelle almost felt like she was going to orgasm, such pleasure was running between her legs at that moment. What seemed like an eternity passed, while she kissed Amber and felt Amber kissing her.

Abruptly Michelle remembered Teri. She broke off the kiss with Amber and looked into her eyes. 

"Amber… I have to find my friend, we were fighting, I.. Oh god, can I call you sometime?" Michelle asked breathlessly.

"Tonight?" Amber asked and looked a little disappointed. "I mean, can't you find your friend another night?" 

"Oh God Amber, I'm sorry, I'm the most turned on I've ever been in my life right now but I have to go find her." Michelle kissed Amber on the lips lightly. "Please can I call you?"

Amber went to her purse and grabbed a pen and wrote on Michelle's hand her cell phone number. 

"I'll see you later Michelle, go find your friend." Amber told her and then left.

Michelle watched her walk away and for a moment regretted breaking it off. But she knew she had to find her friend and so she turned around to look for Teri, only to lock eyes with Teri herself across the room. Michelle looked at her face to see if Teri had been watching but she couldn't tell. Michelle threaded her way through the crowd to Teri and when she got there she stood awkwardly in front of her.

"Hey." Michelle said.

"Hey." Replied Teri.

"Um.. Did you see that?" Michelle asked.

"Yeah." Teri said.

Michelle looked to her friend, wondering what she was going to say, or think. Michelle's head swam with what she had just done, she couldn't think straight. She closed her eyes and when she did she saw Teri and Amber kissing in front of her. Her eyes popped open and saw Teri looking at her questioningly. Michelle decided what to do, and before Teri could say another word she grabbed Teri's face, gently, but firmly, and brought her mouth down on Teri's lips. Teri might have mumbled something but soon she was kissing Michelle as fiercely as Michelle was kissing her. After a few minutes of making out, Michelle released Teri and stood back to see her reaction. Teri looked completely confused, and leaned back against the wall. Michelle smiled and then flushed with embarrassment remembering people could be watching, but when she looked around no one was really looking at her, so she felt better. She looked back at Teri as Teri began to speak.

"Michelle… your lips are so soft… I'm so turned on right now." Teri clapped her hand over her own mouth and her eyes squeezed shut.

"Teri, stop being embarrassed about this, I am so turned on right now, do you want to go home?" Michelle asked. 

Michelle had lost all of her self restraints, and when they got into the car she leaned over to kiss Teri again. They made out for several minutes until Michelle felt so hot she was going to burst. 

"mmh Teri, start the car, we need to get home, I don't know if I can make it." Michelle murmured into Teri's ear.

Teri started the car and then they leaned away from each other, Teri shook her head and rolled down a window to clear her head, and then pulled onto the road. Michelle took this time to glance down at her hand where Amber's number was written. Without telling Teri she leaned down and grabbed a pen from Teri's car and wrote it on her shoe so she wouldn't lose it. She was so turned on after she had copied the valuable number she reclined her chair back to lie down for a few minutes. As she lay back she brought her hands up to cup her breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and she started fondling them. She felt the car swerve and she grinned to herself.

"Oh god Michelle, your going to make me crash." Teri murmured. 

Michelle let out a soft moan of pleasure as she pinched one of her nipples. 

She then said softly. "Don't watch Teri, I don't want to die before I can kiss you and lick you." With that statement the car swerved again.

They managed to make it home safely, as soon as the car was parked Michelle had just un-belted her seat belt when Teri leaned over and mashed her face against Michelle's. Michelle opened her mouth willingly to Teri's probing tongue but was surprised when she felt Teri's hand close over one of her breasts. She arched her back with pleasure and kissed Teri fiercely. Teri didn't just touch she started squeezing and then gently caressing just the nipple. Michelle moaned and Teri moved her mouth down to Michelle's neck. Michelle felt herself almost brought to orgasm. She gently grabbed Teri's hand and pulled it away from her breast. 

She whispered into Teri's ear, "I don't want to cum here…lets get into the apartment."

Teri was more than willing, and the two were practically running up to their apartment together. With fumbling hands Teri got the door unlocked and the two quickly stepped inside and locked the door behind them. Michelle was a little confused in the dark and wasn't sure where Teri was until she felt herself pushed up against the wall, with her back pressing into the wall. She felt Teri start kissing her again, and this time she surrendered totally. She stopped only long enough to tell Teri to turn the lights on, and for her to close the blinds. These being done she froze in front of Teri.

Teri was in bad shape, she was so turned on, she had a large wet spot on her white pants she was wearing, and Michelle knew that if hers had been white she would be obvious as well. Teri looked up at her hungrily. Michelle took Teri by the hand and led her to the living room couch. 

"Sit down." Michelle said.

Teri quickly sat down and looked up at Michelle with wide eyes.

"I want to do this to you," Michelle said softly, "God your beautiful."

"I want you so much Michelle." Teri said in a husky voice.

"Shh.." Michelle whispered.

With that Michelle sank down onto her knees in front of Teri. She leaned forward and grabbed the bottom of Teri's tight t-shirt. Teri raised her arms and slid out of the t-shirt. Teri was wearing a black bra that Michelle found irresistibly sexy. Teri started to undo it but Michelle grabbed her hand and made her stop. Michelle started kissing Teri's chest, the tops of the breast, under the breasts, and then she ran her fingers gently over the bra covered material. Teri stiffened when her fingers traced the hard protrusion that was her nipples.

Michelle reached around and unhooked the bra deftly. She ripped it off of Teri rather savagely, and turned her gaze to what was found below. Teri had small brown, eraser point nipples that were incredibly hard. Michelle looked into Teri's eyes and then lowered her mouth onto Teri's left nipple. She had never sucked a nipple before, but had it done to her, so she gently sucked, puckered her lips around the hard point, and kissed it. She sucked and licked. Teri moaned with pleasure and Michelle flicked the hard nipple with her tongue. She moved her mouth onto the right nipple and brought her hand up to pinch the one her mouth had just left. Teri started shaking almost, and she grabbed Michelle's head and pulled it hard into her chest. Teri grabbed Michelle's head hard, almost pulling at the hair. Michelle decided she would go all the way and moved her mouth away from Teri's chest.

Teri looked down at her and almost whimpered. Michelle just grinned and moved her hands down to the top of Teri's pants. Teri was wearing tight jeans so they weren't very easily slipped off. Instead Teri had to get up and slip out of them. Michelle found it incredibly sexy to watch. When Teri looked and Michelle after her pants were off but her panties were still on, Michelle motioned for her to sit back down on the couch. Teri sat down and blushed. Michelle knew why she had blushed; her panties were visibly wet, soaked with her previous excitement. Michelle resumed her place on her knees before Teri and put a hand on each knee.

Without saying a word, Michelle gently, and slowly, spread Teri's legs apart. Teri offered no complaint and shifted her butt on the couch, so her pubic area was easier to get at. Michelle smiled at her and started kissing her way up Teri's thigh. She kissed until almost the very end of her thigh, right before she reached panty covered material. She then switched to her fingers; she started back at the knees with her nails and gently traced her way up Teri's thighs. Teri was having a hard time taking it and was slowly grinding back and forth in front of Michelle. 
