 Shelly knocked timidly on the office door and stepped back to wait. She was obviously nervous, and she fidgeted with the assortment of things she had placed in her oversized winter coat pockets. The coat was really too large—she was lost in the folds; it made her slight frame look twice its size. Shelly's huge backpack did little to help the coat do her body justice, and it bunched the coat at her shoulders, giving the impression of shoulder pads.

After a few seconds Shelly pulled at the zipper and opened the stuffy jacket at the neck. A few tense seconds later the door flew open and a short, slim woman in grey, nondescript linen pants filled the opening. "Hi, Shelly, c'mon in."

Once inside the sparsely furnished office, the older woman sat down comfortably in her large black chair and pointed at a harsh little wooden chair. "Sit down! Take your coat off. Oh, and shut the door behind you, dear." Professor Taylor had a loud voice, but it was pleasant and jovial.

"Um—Dr. Taylor, what was wrong with my paper?" Shelly's voice was small, and nearly cracked when she said "wrong."

Dr. Taylor smiled in spite of herself, and dropped her gaze momentarily to her lap, "There's nothing wrong with your paper, Shelly." Her gaze returned to Shelly's eyes and held them intently. 

"But your email said..."

"My dear," interrupted Dr. Taylor, "did you know we have the same name?"

Shelly faltered, the words had been swept from her mouth. "I...I..."

"Yes, you know, my name is Michelle, and so is yours, isn't it?" Dr. Taylor smiled invitingly, and after Shelly nodded ascent, she continued. "You can call me that if you like, 'Michelle.' I like it so much better than 'Dr. Taylor.' It's much less formal." She smiled again, and this time Shelly couldn't help smiling with her.

Michelle held a smirk and leaned back in her chair, incredibly secure in herself and her surroundings. Suddenly, as if remembering herself, "How did you like Portrait? Your paper was very good, but you write with a certain lack of judgment that I find intriguing."

"Oh, I enjoyed it, I suppose," Shelly brightened at the praise for her paper. "But it was extremely...lengthy and longwinded. I found myself disliking both Isabel and Pansy a lot more than James wanted, I think."

"Yes," grinned Michelle, "they say reading James is like being fucked—you hope he'll be gentle and generous, but he usually ends up chaffing your wrists and ankles, and leaves you unsatisfied."

Shelly blushed bright pink at the word "fucked," and dropped her eyes self-consciously. Michelle noticed this, and changed the subject quickly.

"I think your paper was marvelous. You really had a handle on how Isabel's sexuality, or repression of it, played into her ultimate marriage to Osmand, even if she didn't like him. Did you think about how innocent Pansy's sexuality played into her imprisonment in the convent?" Michelle arched her right eyebrow in amusement as she watched a myriad of emotions cross Shelly's pretty, unkempt visage. She was pleased with the praise of her paper, uncomfortable with the subject of it, and simultaneously horrified and thoughtful of the last suggestion her professor had offered up. The struggle to find an answer to please Dr. Taylor was evident in her eyes as she searched her mind for clues.

"You mean her father locked her up because she—she had carnal knowledge?" Shelly's voice eeked out in a barely audible whisper. Her heart was in her throat, blocking her air supply, and it was drumming out a horrendous beat. She was sure Dr. Taylor would be able to see her veins throbbing blue under her pale skin.

"That's precisely what I mean," Michelle licked her thin lips, "what do you think on the matter?"

Shelly looked at Dr. Taylor resolutely, "I think it's exactly what he should have done! At that time it was not proper for a girl to go gallivanting—to have carnal knowledge! He needed to protect her virtue!" She was getting heated on the subject, and wished to appear stubborn. Her cheeks were flushed now, and her palms began to sweat.

"So you agree with Osmand's actions," said Michelle quietly as she stood and walked to the corner of the office to look at a poster of a painting of a nude woman draped in white sheets, which didn't cover anything. "You agree with Osmand's actions, even though the nuns of the convent don't? Even though Isabel doesn't? Even though James doesn't?" She turned to face Shelly.

"'Reading James is like being fucked...'" Shelly trailed off, unsure of herself in the metaphor.

Michelle crossed quickly over to Shelly and bent over, so she was eye level with her pupil. Her soft brown eyes were bright with curiosity, and Shelly felt like Dr. Taylor was looking into her past, and future, into the thoughts she couldn't control. "Shelly, are you a virgin?" Michelle stood straight and looked down on Shelly. She cut an impressive figure, her small breasts and tiny waist just visible under her large satin button-up dress shirt when she moved in a certain way. Shelly couldn't tell if Dr. Taylor moved that way consciously, but she was sure she had seen Dr. Taylor's eyes roll in pleasure as the slick material brushed across her erect nipples.

Shelly took too long to answer, and soon forgot the question altogether. "Wh...what?" she stammered, and tried to regain her small semblance of composure.

"I asked, are you a virgin?"

"N...meh...ye...yes." She finally admitted, unsure if she wanted to stay any longer.

"You interest me." Michelle stated with a throaty laugh, not at all nervous, but the laugh brought sensations to Shelly's clit that she'd only felt when she rubbed against her pillow.

She felt her face redden and stood abruptly, "Dr. Taylor, I need to go."

Michelle moved toward Shelly and before she could grab her coat, had her pinned against the door, an arm on either side of her face, breathing deeply. Shelly was relieved that Dr. Taylor wasn't touching her at all; she wasn't sure if she could stay standing if the older woman did.

"Here," said Michelle, taking a card from her back pocket, and holding it in front of Shelly's face. Shelly took it. It had Dr. Taylor's name and an address hand written on it.

Wh...what's this?" Shelly was embarrassed at the tremor in her voice that wasn't caused by fear.

"It's my home address," Michelle whispered. She shifted slightly so that the tip of her left nipple brushed Shelly's bare arm through the slick softness of her shirt. "Feel free to stop by if you have any more—problems with your writing. I'm up late." At a silent nod from Shelly, Michelle dropped her hands and went back to her desk. She began reading another student's paper, and her red pen flashed across the page.

Shelly couldn't move. She stood pressed against the door, staring at Dr. Taylor, wondering if she had been dreaming. Quickly, she gathered her coat and cumbersome backpack and left the office, turning to look at the open door as long as she was in the hall. She bumped into another professor and mumbled an apology before turning and fleeing away, a swirl of thoughts whirlpooling through her brain.

Back at her dorm, her roommate Jamie had left a note on their dry-erase board, "Gone to Geof's. Won't be back tonight. Your mom called at 3, and wants you to call back. See you tomorrow, Jaime."

Shelly threw her bag under her desk and flopped down on her bed. She dialed her mom, but no answer, so she left a message, and then lay quietly reliving every instant of the meeting with Dr. Taylor...Michelle...no, Dr. Taylor. She felt exceedingly embarrassed at stuttering and her unintelligent answers that seemed to escape from her mouth without her notice.

When she pictured herself trapped against the door with Michelle's...Dr. Taylor's warm breath on her neck, coming fast, but not too fast, and the way Michelle's nipple had brushed against her arm, she couldn't help but to pull her pillow from behind her head and squeeze it between her legs. She moaned as she imagined Michelle's nipple brushing across her skin again and again, all over her body, grazing the small of her back, and over the ticklish parts of her stomach. In her mind it glided, as if dipped in oil, between her own large breasts and down her body, past her hips. She made a small cry and massaged her own breasts as she felt her body convulse in mixed pleasure and desire, and the ecstasy of release that spread from her center to every single one of her tense muscles. She lay silently for a few minutes, and decided in the wake of her tiny orgasm to go to Michelle's house later that night.

Shelly decided she might as well do some work, so she began some reading, but couldn't focus. Her mind kept wandering to Michelle's face. So she decided to play Snood, but she couldn't get past the second level. All the Snoods had a single nipple in the middles of their faces, and she couldn't see the Snood for the nipple. Finally she found herself staring out the window, so she resolved herself to go. She placed the card, and found that Dr. Taylor...Michelle lived only a few blocks from campus. "Well, at least I won't lose my parking spot." Shelly said to herself as she donned her over-large winter jacket and headed out into the night.

Just as the village belfry tolled 9pm it began to snow. Shelly looked at her watch. "that bell is always twenty minutes slow!" she exclaimed quietly and shook her head. In less than ten minutes she was standing in front of the littler grey house with white trim and cheery lights that bore the address on the card. She took a deep breath and sighed, the warm air from her lungs curling and dancing around her before disappearing. Slowly she placed one foot in front of the other and stepped forward. It was much easier than she thought, and so she took another step, and another until she stood at the door, and before she could stop herself, her hand rose and rang the bell.

This time the door opened much sooner than it had at Dr. Taylor's office. Shelly wondered what Michelle could have been doing while she waited outside her office door, but not for long. Michelle filled the door once again, but this time in loose fitting knit pants and a fitted tee-shirt. Both were a steely grey, and beneath the tee Shelly could see that Michelle wasn't wearing a bra.

"Hello," Michelle said after a moment of silence. She seemed to be contemplating Shelly standing on her porch.

"Uh, hi," Shelly managed to get out. She was not at all sure why she had come before seeing Michelle framed by the door. However, when Michelle opened the door, Shelly's stomach tightened pleasantly and she could feel a wet spot forming in her white panties.

"I didn't expect you so soon, but you must be cold. I'm very pleased you came tonight." Michelle helped Shelly off with her coat and then walked into the small, bright kitchen. "Wine?"

"Oh, no, thanks. I'm still underaged." 

Michelle rolled her eyes. "I have red or white. The red is very dry and the white is a little more sweet."

"I'll have white wine then, please." Shelly was determined to make the best of the situation. She looked around the room she was standing in—simultaneously a living area, kitchen and dining room, thought it did not feel cramped at all. She noticed all the shades were drawn, and all the lights on, as well as a small fire in the fireplace. 

"Here," Michelle said simply, handing her a glass of chilled white wine. Michelle had a glass of red wine in her own hand, and curled herself gracefully upon the plush slate blue couch, motioning for Shelly to sit beside her.

Shelly did, timidly, and held her wine in front of herself, determined not to drink it. She noticed an expensive leather-bound book lying on the arm of the couch next to Michelle. "What are you reading?" She enquired, to break the weighty silence.

"Oh, it's The Well of Lonliness." Michelle sipped her wine as if there was nothing more to the matter.

"But, that book is banned...you're not even allowed to own it in this country! How did you get it? Is it good? Won't you get in trouble?"

"Oh, don't worry about me. The SOCA isn't about to bust down my door in search of some book. Drink your wine." Shelly, to her own surprise, obeyed and swallowed about half her wine. "Not so fast. That's good wine. Besides, it will go to your head, and then I'll have an unconscious Shelly on my hands, and I don't want or need that."

"Sorry," Shelly smiled self consciously, and took a sip of her wine.

"So why did you come to me?" Michelle reclined on the couch and stretched one leg. Shelly stared in amazement as the knit pant leg pulled tight to show the curve of wiry muscles. She didn't realize Michelle had continued speaking.

"...Shelly...Shelly! Why are you here?"

"Oh, I, uh...I was lonely...I couldn't concentrate on my work..." She trailed off into her wine glass. Michelle smiled to herself, now content to tease Shelly.

"You're doing work on a Friday night? Don't you have friends to be hanging out with, or movies to watch or something?"

"No...I..." Shelly's face crinkled and flushed with tears. Michelle had not expected this.

"Oh, honeybee," she murmured, taking Shelly into her arms and resting her chin on the young woman's head. Shelly moved willingly into the embrace, and rested her head on Michelle's shoulder. This was so comfortable that she stopped crying and sighed. Her brain felt fuzzy, and she couldn't remember why she had been crying, only that she was very content. She took another sip of the wine in her right hand and snuggled a bit closer to Michelle.

"You remind me of me when I was your age," Michelle said as she drained her wine glass. "Perhaps I gave you too much wine. But you seem alright now."

"Oh, I've never had alcohol before," Shelly said simply, looking up into the English professor's eyes.

"Yes, you are very much like I was."

Michelle kissed Shelly's forehead lightly and drew a finger along the young girl's crisp jaw line. Shelly unconsciously closed her eyes and leaned into the slight caress as if she'd never been touched before.

Shelly drained the contents of her own glass and asked, "Michelle, what will we do next?" Michelle answered by taking the young girl's wine glass and setting it aside before tilting her head so their lips could meet gently. Shelly moved into the kiss and pressed herself more firmly against Michelle's body, and wrapped her arms around the woman's slender neck. At this cue the older woman began to stroke Shelly's soft brown, shoulder-length hair as they kissed, using her control of Shelly's head to draw her deeper into their embrace. She played her fingers on the youth's neck and brushed them on her earlobe, and began to massage it in slow circles.

Shelly pulled back uncertainly, "That feels too good," she whimpered up at Michelle, who drew her back into strong arms and held her there.

"Do you really want me to stop?" Michelle breathed into her hair.

"No!" Shelly became suddenly voracious and twisted in Michelle's grasp to get at her soft lips. Without thinking about her actions she had climbed on top of Michelle, pinning her to the couch.

Michelle giggled, almost girlishly, into Shelly's mouth and pushed on her chest to remove her a little. "My, aren't we anxious?" Michelle's grin made her seem young and pretty, past the dignified beauty she possessed. Shelly took stock of her position and quickly withdrew to the other side of the couch, ashamed of her assertiveness.

"You need another glass of wine. It'll relax you." Michelle sauntered over to the Kitchen and poured two new glasses of wine, both red. "Here," she said again, handing the glass to Shelly, who began immediately to sip it, enjoying the way it felt cool on her tongue and throat. Michelle sat beside Shelly and they drank their wine between isses and caresses across leg and shoulder.

When they had finished, Michelle leaned toward Shelly and kissed her softly, sliding her tongue between Shelly's parted teeth. It was cool from the wine, and slippery, and sent tingles down Shelly's spine when it flicked the roof of her mouth or brushed her lips. It made her ravenous, and she inclined slightly to allow Michelle to press against her. Her hand, as if with a mind of its own, reached up and pulled Michelle to her, while the other trailed up and down the woman's bare arm, hoping the contact affected Michelle in the same way it affected Shelly.

Slowly Michelle drew back and removed her tee-shirt, exposing small white breasts with blazing pink nipples. "They're just like I imagined them," Shelly breathed.

Michelle raised an eyebrow, "you imagined them?"

Shelly flushed and dropped her gaze, embarrassed. Michelle laughed softly at her and pushed between her knees, lifting her chin. Slowly she drew Shelly's wide-eyed face towards her until her lips made contact with the tiny nipple. Shelly hesitated for a moment, and then took it in her mouth and sucked on it gently. She had imagined someone doing this to her over and over, so she obeyed her instincts and did what she thought she'd like done to herself. She licked it lightly with the tip of her tongue, feeling it harden further beneath it. Then she grazed it gently with her teeth, eliciting a gasp from Michelle and a grin from herself. She trailed her tongue in the valley between Michelle's breasts and took the other nipple between her lips. She sucked this nipple very hard, and circled her tongue around it several times before leaving it to blaze a trail of kisses up to Michelle's neck. Michelle arched her back against Shelly's body and moaned deeply in her throat. She was breathing heavily already and determined to calm herself down a bit. Reaching her arms down, she took hold of Shelly's belt loops and ran her fingers over the sensitive areas without removing the jeans. Shelly gasped and giggled. She felt Michelle's fingers travel up her body and behind her back to unhook her bra. Then the hands slowly lifted the shirt, revealing Shelly's large breasts and flat tummy. Michelle gently pushed Shelly back into the couch and crawled over her to take the tip of one breast in her mouth. 

Michelle's experienced tongue flicked faster than Shelly thought possible across her taut nipple in clockwise circles. Then Michelle sucked as much of Shelly's breast into her mouth as she could and let her whole tongue slide across the hard nipplet. Her tongue flicked up to the hollow in the young girl's collarbone, and down to the other breast where she took the nipple immediately in her teeth and rolled it softly, and then increased pressure until Shelly nearly screamed. Then Michelle took the sensitive nipple between her middle and index finger like a cigarette and licked the tip so lightly that she could feel Shelly squirm beneath her.

Michelle's mouth moved abruptly back to Shelly's mouth, but her fingers found the snap fastener on Shelly's pants and had them undone before Shelly knew what was going on. Suddenly there were two fingers rubbing lightly left-to-right across her damp white panties, and another two fingers rolling her left nipple gently. She became aware that she was supporting all of Michelle, but the weight was not suffocating, merely intimate.

"Can I take them off?" Michelle's words startled her out of her bubble of sensual pleasure. She had not expected the courtesy of the question, but she quickly nodded ascent, believing that the release from the tension building in every muscle in her body lay under her zipper. Shelly was terribly aware of the zipper trailing down her inner thigh, and the inseam of her jeans bunching around her ankle before sliding off, and the damp of her panties as it left a bit of wet on her calf. She was aware of Michelle's hands pressing the inside of each knew, silently telling her to open her legs. For an instant fear shot through her brain, but she covered it, asking, "Won't you take your pants off too?"
