 "Alright class, what do you believe..." Professor Grant began but I wasn't listening. I was staring at my professor's gorgeous body. Professor Amanda Grant, my microeconomics professor, was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. She was the doppelganger of Jennifer Aniston with blue eyes and dirty blonde hair. She was wearing a blush pink blouse that was tucked into a black high-waisted knee-length pencil skirt with feet clad in pink sandal heels to match her shirt. My mouth went dry as I scanned her curves again. Her hips were slightly wider than her waist, but the pencil skirt dramatized it. Her cleavage was modestly shown off as she left the top two buttons of the blouse unbuttoned, giving me a glimpse at her breasts. They were 36D's at least. 

"Scarlett? What do you think?" I snapped out of my trance. I looked into Professor Grant's eyes and she gave me a questioning look.

"Uh, what were we talking about?" I straightened up in my seat and cleared my throat. Professor sighed and leaned against her desk.

"Law of diminishing utility? How do you think this affects our daily lives?" She asked again.

"Umm," I scanned my notes but and there was nothing about the law of diminishing utility. "I don't know. I'm sorry." 

Professor Grant gives me a disappointed look and my cheeks grow red from embarrassment. I slid down in my chair horrified that my professor caught me zoning out. I prayed she doesn't realize why. "George? What about you? How does the law of diminishing utility affect our life?"

George went on to give a perfect answer and Professor Grant promised to give him his participation points. I let out a small groan before sliding down farther in my seat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

"That's it for today, I'll see you all on Monday. Scarlett, will you stay behind for a moment?" Professor Grant ended class and everyone begins to pack their things. When she asked me to stay behind, I filled with dread. After the incident earlier, I was able to focus and finish taking notes without any more distraction. I packed my bag along with everyone else and made my way to Professor Grant's desk. 

"You wanted to see me?" I asked politely. 

"Yes, I want you to stop staring at my tits." Professor Grant didn't even look up from rearranging things on her desk. 

my jaw dropped. I was caught. The jig was up. "W-what?" 

"And the rest of my body. It needs to stop or else you're not going to pass your midterm." She finally looked up and met my eyes. "Find someone your own age and who is not your professor to ogle. A beautiful girl like you shouldn't have a problem. Now excuse me, I have an appointment I need to get to." 

I didn't know what to say, so I nodded and fled the room. My thoughts were racing at a million miles an hour. Was I that obvious? Would she report me for harassment or keep this quiet? I didn't think she would, considering she didn't mention it. How could I be such an idiot? Staring at my professor like she was a piece of meat. I shook my head and sped walk all the way to my dorm. 

When I got there, my roommate, Lena, wasn't there. Perfect. I locked the door behind me and dropped my bag on my desk before freeing my hair from its ponytail. My hair fell onto my shoulders and back and I examined myself in the mirror. Professor Grant was right, I was beautiful. I was 5'3 with long wavy strawberry blonde hair with hazel eyes. My lips were stuck in a natural pout and the red lipstick I wore all the time accentuated them. My 34B's on my slim build made them look larger. Boys flocked to me but I paid no mind, only caring about my studies, that's how I ended up at Notre Dame. But now, I was only focused on my microeconomics professor. How could I not? She was absolutely gorgeous and she's smart. Could anyone ask for more?

I sighed and grabbed my laptop before laying down on my bed. I quickly disrobed and left my clothes in a pile at the foot of my bed. My phone buzzed and I checked the notification. It was a text from Lena that read: 'Won't be home tonight.' Even better. I opened my Pornhub account and found the playlist of my favorite pornos. I grabbed my lube and Hitachi from the bottom drawer of my nightstand. I slathered lube on the Hitachi and laid back down on my bed. I pressed play on the playlist and went to town on my clit with the toy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

After 20 minutes, I had a couple of orgasms but they were really small and menial. I groaned as another trashy porno appeared on my screen. I exited out of the browser and closed my computer. My mind kept wandering back to Professor Grant while I was masturbating but I forced them out of my head. She popped into my head again but that time, I let her stay. I began to think about Professor Grant and started to tease myself. I trailed my hands over my neck and gripped it softly. I let out a small moan before moving my hands to my breasts. I pretended Professor Grant was hovering above me and my hands were actually hers. I cupped my breasts and tweaked my nipples. Shocks of pleasure went straight to my core. I moaned louder than before and continued to fondle my boobs. 

With one hand on right boob, my other hand glided down my stomach to my center. I didn't go straight to my pussy but instead caressed my thighs. I spread my legs and pulled my knees up to my chest. The hand that was once on my breast abandoned it and held my right leg to my chest. I let the other leg fall back down on my bed. I imagined Professor Grant smiling when she saw between my legs. I kept it completely shaved with not a wisp of hair. I devoted time to touching my outer lips to heighten my pleasure. They were puffy and I felt my moisture spilling onto my outer lips. 

My leg was now being held by the crook of my elbow as I spread my lips with the hand that was holding my leg. With my other hand, I teased my vulva and got my fingers slick with my own arousal. I intentionally avoided my clit for a while before I suddenly began to attack it. Slick from the teasing, I rubbed my clit furiously in circles. I let out a cry as I felt my orgasm rising. When I was close to the edge, I substituted my fingers for the Hitachi on my clit and I plunged two fingers inside of me. I let out a strangled scream as the wave of my orgasm crashed and pulled me under. I spasmed and jerked until I regained breath and my orgasm subsided. 

When I came back down, I turned off the Hitachi and wiped it down before tossing it in the drawer with the lube. I stared up at my ceiling and groaned. I was never going to get Professor Grant out of my head. She was going to be the death of me. I rolled over and stood up. I gathered my clothes off the floor and pulled my underwear back on. I dumped the rest of my clothes in my laundry basket and pulled out a big t-shirt as my pajamas. I tied my hair up into a bun and returned to my bed. I pulled my computer onto my lap and pulled up Netflix. I had a date with Michael Scott tonight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

The weeks passed in a blur and suddenly it was midterm time. I spent my weeks doing homework and masturbating and not much else. Professor Grant had become the only thing I thought about when I get off and it's gotten harder to focus in class. Nonetheless, I've managed to figure out a system to pass her class without paying attention. I spend class time staring at her and pretend to take notes and wait for my friend Sarah to send me hers. 

This system was working out except one day when I stopped feigning attention. I wasn't holding my pencil anymore and my notebook was closed. I was admiring the low cut black top Professor Grant was wearing when she called me out. "Ms. Newman?" I flicked my eyes up to her face and she was raising her eyebrows at me. 

"Yes?" I sat up in my chair. 

"Will you please tell the class a summary of what we've learned so far?" She asked politely, knowing that I had no idea what was happening. 

"Uh—" I looked to my neighbor for help but I got nothing. "I don't know." 

"That's what I expected. You'll receive a zero for today's participation and I'll see you after class. Moving on..." She averted her eyes from me to the rest of the class.

I slumped down in my seat dumbfounded. I was bad at hiding my affection, she could tell I wasn't paying attention the entire time. I'm such an idiot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

I wished for the class to go on forever so Professor Grant wouldn't scold me. Unfortunately, my prayer wasn't answered and class ended on time at 4:00. "Alright everyone, see you next time. Read chapter 18, remember I expect your outlines for the semester on my desk by the month." I packed my bag as slow as possible and walked down to Professor Grant's desk. 

I sighed before speaking, "You wanted to see me?"

"Yes, but let's talk in my office." She once again didn't look up and continued to pack her stuff. I shifted awkwardly as I waited for her. She finished stuffing things in her bag and nodded for me to follow her. I walked behind her as she led me to her office. Professor Grant unlocked the door and walked in, leaving the door open for me. I walked in and closed the door behind me. 

The office was bright with floor to ceiling windows against the back way. She had her blinds open which looked down on the courtyard. "Please take a seat." Professor Grant commanded. 

I obeyed and sat down in the seat across from her desk. "Listen, Professor Grant,"

"Please call me Amanda."

I paused before continuing. "Amanda, I'm so sorry for distracting the class. It will never happen again, I promise." 

Amanda didn't respond. She closed the blinds and walked around the desk and leaned on the edge of her desk directly in front of me. I took the opportunity to scan her body again. It was more amazing up close. I could see the little freckles on her chest that trailed to a place I couldn't see, the professor's legs, which were crossed at the ankles, were shapely and defined, and her eyes were crystal blue and sparkled under the light of the classroom. They flashed with annoyance and I realized her lips were moving. She was talking and I wasn't listening. "You see? You're not listening to meー"

"You're beautiful." I blurted and my eyes widen. "I'm sorryー" 

I was interrupted by Amanda's lips on mine. Almost immediately, I kissed back. I gripped her hips and pulled her into my lap and she moaned. Her knees were on either side of my hips and my hands trailed up her legs to the hem of her skirt. I began to push it up when Amanda pulled away. "We can't. I'm your professor, I'll lose my job, you could get in trouble. It's a bad idea." 

I was desperate to reel her back in. "It's like what you always say, the costs outway the benefits." 

Amanda made a puzzled expression, "No, the phrase is the benefits outway the costs." 

"Close enough." I smiled and leaned back in. Amanda didn't protest and let me kiss her. This kiss was slow and soft. Our lips melted together and I swiped her bottom lip with my tongue, asking for permission. Her mouth opened slightly and I took the opportunity to slide my tongue inside her mouth. Amanda's hands burrowed in my hair and pulled. My tongue receded from her mouth and I pulled her bottom lip between my teeth and bit down lightly. Amanda let out a moan and we broke our kiss. 

"Holy shit." She gasped. 

"Was that okay? Was the bite too much?" I asked worriedly. 

"No, not at all." She shook her head before grinning. "I can't wait to fuck you." 

My pussy dampened and I gulped. She pulled me up by my hands before grabbing my waist and pushing my back against her desk. We pawed at each other to get our clothes off. She lifted my sundress over my head and dropped it on the floor. My navy blue lingerie stood out from my barely tanned skin and I saw hunger flash in her eyes. I pulled her back in for a kiss by grabbing the back of her neck. My hands encircled her waist and I found the zipper of her skirt. I pulled it down and Amanda's skirt pooled around her ankles. She kicked it away and stepped back. She was wearing a silk bodysuit and nothing else. Amanda turned me around and pushed me until my hips hit the desk. I giggled as she roughly handled my backside. She gave me a quick slap on my ass and I yelped—not in pain but in shock.

"Aren't you a dirty little slut? Undressing your professor with your eyes? Thinking about fucking her all day long?" Amanda teased me. I moaned and Amanda spanked me again. "Answer me, Scarlett."

"Yes! I'm a dirty little slut! You're all I think about when I touch myself." I confessed. 

"Really?" I heard the surprise in her voice. She nudged the inside of my feet, I obeyed her command and spread my legs shoulder width apart. "You're such a good girl for me, you've been a good girl for anyone else?"

She was asking if I was a virgin. "Just once." It was my senior year of high school, it was a bad experience but who's first time is amazing anyway? 

"Perfect." Her hands moved around my waist and one hand stayed on my hip and the other one slipped between my legs. I let out a gasp as she cupped me through my panties. "You respond so quickly to my touch don't you?" 

I nodded and bit my lip as her hand caressed my pussy lips through the thin fabric. Amanda's hand left my pussy and traveled to the waistband of my panties. Her other hand joined it as she pushed my panties down my body to the floor. The heat of my arousal met the coolness of the room and it made me moan. Amanda paid no mind as her middle finger poked at my folds. "Oh fuck," She pulled my hair, making my back arch and forcing me to look at her. 

I stared into her eyes as her finger stroked at my nether lips, teasingly. Sliding up and down but never going in. "You're so wet for me. You've dreamt about this for a while haven't you Scarlett?" I nodded quickly. "You dreamt about me fucking you on this desk, you've probably thought about me fucking you in front of the class right?"

The thought flashed before my eyes; everyone watching as Professor Grant made me a wanton slut. It made me moisten at the idea. "I never thought of that before." I panted. 

"Hmm, I don't believe you." Her finger retreated and I whimpered. I pushed my ass out while sending her a seductive smile over my shoulder. I heard her hum in appreciation. "You like what you see?" I taunted. 

"I do." She said simply before walking around the desk and sitting down in her chair. She kept her eyes on me as she wordlessly spread her legs to reveal the thin fabric of the bodysuit pressing against her sex. "Eat me." 

I moved slowly and stalked around the desk; my eyes never leaving Amanda's. We maintained eye contact as I sank down to my knees in front of her. I ran my nails up the length of her legs from her ankles to her thighs. I felt her skin develop goosebumps from my nails. I pushed her legs open wider and the smell of her want was potent. I planted soft kisses on the inside of her thighs, alternating between the two as I made my way to her sopping center. I was shaking as I undid the buttons that held the bodysuit together. My hands gripped her hips before I dove in. I've never done this before so I did whatever came naturally. My lips wrapped around her clit and sucked. 

The moan emitted from Amanda's mouth could only be described as guttural. She bucked her hips into my mouth and her hands tangled in my loose waves. My lips released her clit as my tongue began to fuck her hole. My rhythm was sharp and quick and the sounds Amanda was making was telling me I was going great. I moaned as I tasted her. She tasted natural, and it had a musk that made me work until it was all over my face. She was obliging me in my unspoken request because I felt her juices running down my chin. 

My tongue left her hole and returned to her clit and lapped at it for a couple of moments before resuming my assault on her pussy. Amanda's hands tighten in my hair and held my face in place before she essentially rode my face. I didn't mind at all as she pulled me every which way to make me get her off. My name fell from her lips every couple of moments and I tried my hardest to keep from touching myself. Her moaning my name made my dreams come true. All that's left is for her to finger me till I beg her to stop. Within moments, my mouth was flooded with Amanda's cum and I lapped it all up. She spasmed on my tongue but it didn't stop me from licking every last drop of juice. Her hand in my hair pulled me away from her pussy and I took deep gulps of air. "Fuck, you're amazing at that." She said in admiration before pulling me up from my knees and kissing me. 

She moaned again as she tasted herself on my tongue. I was dying for her to touch me when there was a knock on the door. "Professor Grant?" We both froze and I tore my lips from hers. 

Amanda cleared her throat before answering. "Yes? Who is it?" 

"It's Dr. Martin. I'm here to talk to you about your sabbatical." He answered. Dr. Martin was her boss and the head of the Department of Economics 

Amanda swore under her breath. "One second!" She called. I tiptoed across the room and found my dress and panties on the floor. I hastily slipped the dress on and put my shoes back on. I looked over and Amanda was back to being Professor Grant. Her skirt was back on and her hair was slicked into a ponytail. I stopped rushing and studied her again. She felt my eyes on me and looked over. "Hurry up!" She hissed. I shook my head and shoved my panties into my backpack. 

Professor Grant walked me to the door and before she opened it, I tried to sneak another kiss but she turned her head. "You smell like cum." My heart sank and it was like the past 20 minutes never happened. I looked down at the floor, dejected. The door swung open and an older gentleman was standing there. He had his hand up like he was going to knock again. 

"Oh, you were with a student!" He exclaimed. "I'm sorry to bother." 

"No need to worry, we were about finished right, Scarlett?" She looked to me for confirmation. I didn't say anything but I nodded. I stepped out into the hallway and scurried away from the office. The crisp air of autumn was a reminder that I was not wearing any underwear. I made it to my dorm and found it empty again. Thank God. 

I collapsed on my bed and thought through everything that happened. I submitted to Professor Grant like I always wanted to but she tossed me aside like a whore when Dr. Martin showed up. I understand why I mean he's her boss and she could get in trouble if he found out what happened. It would've been nice if she at least said she had a good time or something. I groaned and rolled off my bed to put my panties back on. I opened my backpack and looked for the navy bikini cut undies. My heart stopped as I couldn't find them. I emptied everything and found no trace of them. I must have missed my backpack in my haste. Horror washed over my face as I tried to remember where in the room they were.

"Stupid, stupid, stupid." I hit my palm against my forehead repeatedly. There was nothing I could do but pray that Professor Grant won't find them or worse Dr. Martin. I don't want Professor Grant to think that I left them there on purpose or something. 

Worrying about it wasn't going to change anything. I sighed and stripped off the dress and bra and laid down again. Since I didn't get off with Professor Grant, I took matters into my own hands again. I repeated the steps I used last night and fantasized about Professor Grant fucking me with her fingers until I gushed on my own fingers. When I came down from my orgasm, I washed my hands and changed into my pajamas. I climbed into bed again and pulled up a movie on my computer and settled in for a lonely Friday night. Again.