 Wendy waited impatiently for the movie to start. It was already fifteen minutes past midnight and the girl's foul mood was obvious even to the popcorn boy. Her date for the evening had stood her up, none of her friends were around, and the only resort for entertainment was a lonely midnight movie. Sighing, she leaned back in the scratchy seat as the lights finally dimmed.

The theatre door opened and closed quickly, flashing a spear of light at the opening curtains. A dim figure strolled down the aisle. She seated herself next to Wendy, further annoying the already unhappy girl. The theatre was nearly empty; there was no reason why this woman had to sit just one seat away. The pre-movie advertisements for popcorn and licorice boomed to life and Wendy glanced at the newcomer out of the corner of her eye.

Wendy's neighbor was wildly sexy. Her dark hair floated wildly around her creamy complexioned face and her blue eyes flashed merrily in the illumination from the movie screen. The girl wore a nearly see-through blouse and long black skirt, and even in the dim light Wendy could see that she had no bra. All and all, she appeared to be ready for a night at the dance clubs rather than the movies.

The film started and Wendy turned her attention to the screen. Almost immediately, the other girl propped her feet up on the seat in the next row. For the next ten minutes, both women were absorbed by the intense prison break unfolding before them. Soon after, however, the movie turned to an impressively provocative sex scene. About two minutes later, as a lithe blonde's naked ass undulated on the screen, Wendy once again glanced at her neighbor. The movie was quickly forgotten as Wendy realized with a shock what the other woman was doing.

The girl's feet still rested on the corners of the seat before her and her skirt was pushed up around her waist. Beneath, she obviously wore nothing. With one hand the dark-haired girl was stroking the inside of her thighs lightly. The other was busy at the apex of her legs, slowly massaging her clit with a circular motion.

Wendy sat silently, transfixed by the sight of the masturbating woman. The scene on the screen soon changed, but Wendy's neighbor continued touching herself. Wendy turned around quickly, blond curls bouncing, and scanned the theatre. No one else seemed to have noticed what was going on in Wendy's row and she knew that the theatre workers very rarely checked out the screening rooms while a movie was playing. Breathing somewhat quickly, Wendy turned her attention back to the action one seat away.

The other girl looked up suddenly, locking her gaze on Wendy's and smiling. The tip of her tongue slipped out of her mouth and licked across her upper lip in a slow, provocative gesture. Her fingers continued their work, flickering steadily between her legs. Wendy found that she couldn't break the girl's gaze. Unconsciously, her hand began caressing her own nipple through the fabric of her sweater and bra. The other girl's smile grew wider.

Without warning, Wendy's neighbor slid from her seat and crossed the short distance between the two of them on her knees. Wendy's eyes grew wide. Without hesitating, her new friend pushed Wendy's knees apart and softly kissed the milky skin on the inside of Wendy's thigh. A jolt of electricity shot through the big-chested girl's body, causing her nipples to stiffen instantly and a liquid warmth to wash over her skin. Her anonymous lover recognized the response instantly and trailed her tongue all the way up and under the leg of Wendy's cutoffs.

The movie was totally forgotten now, as were any concerns that someone else might oversee. Wendy fumbled for the clasp of her shorts, releasing them faster than she'd thought possible. The kneeling girl ripped the cutoffs away, pulling Wendy's panties with them. Leaning back in her seat, Wendy thrust her legs over the back of the chair before her. The dark-haired girl's face immediately smothered Wendy's dripping cunt, licking and sucking at the engorged lips while her tongue stroked Wendy's hardening clit. Sliding her hands beneath her sweater, Wendy rolled and pinched her erect nipples between her own fingertips. The screen was exploding with a sound as the movie flashed to a raging gunfight, but Wendy didn't notice.

The anonymous woman's skirt bunched up around her waist once more and Wendy could see the smooth skin of the girl's round ass rubbing against the rough plastic of the seatback. Skilled fingers opened the gate of Wendy's nether lips and a warm tongue quickly began stabbing inside her cunt. Wendy bit her lip, trying vainly to keep from moaning. Her heart was beating faster and faster and nearly skipped a beat when the dark-haired girl's tongue slipped down to probe lightly at the tight pucker of Wendy's ass.

Wendy did begin groaning then, a deep, throaty sound that was hardly audible above the thunderous sound of the movie. The kneeling woman returned her mouth to Wendy's clit and began stroking her slick asshole with one fingertip. Seconds later, Wendy gasped as a long finger slid smoothly into her rectum at the same time as soft lips encircled her clit and sucked hard. Wendy climaxed immediately, covering her lover's face with the sticky fluids of her orgasm. The other girl continued licking and sucking, slowly pumping Wendy's taut ass with one finger and holding the thrashing girl's sweater with the other fist. After a few minutes her convulsions ceased and the other woman slid up into Wendy's embrace.

"I'm Amy," she whispered, tracing her tongue around the inside of Wendy's ear.

Wendy smiled in return, and, while the movie continued playing, led Amy from the theatre.