 This is the fourth chapter in the "Midnite's Magic" series. I am trying to write a chapter for as many Literotica categories as possible. Chapter 1 "Meeting Midnite" inter racial: chapter 2 "Midnite's Surprise: mind control: chapter 3 "Midnite's Show" exhibitionism voyeurism:

Chapter IV Midnite Makes a Friend

Collapsing backwards; Midnite came to rest on my lap. Panting hard; I slowly recovered from the most intense orgasm of my life. Looking over Midnite's shoulder; I could see the woman on the veranda next to us sitting on a chair; as she recovered from her climax.

"Mon cherie; that was fantastic. I have never experienced a more intense show. You must join us." she exclaimed; rising from her chair.

Getting to her feet; she strode toward us; arms out thrust in greeting. Reaching us; she put her arms around Midnite; kissing her on each cheek. Drawing Midnite to her feet; she leaned over my wheelchair; giving me a similar greeting. 

Walking behind me she started pushing me toward there veranda saying, "You simply must join us. We must get to know each other better." she bubbled. "My name is Monique and my lover is Claude. What are your names?" she inquired.

"My name is Midnite and this is Johnnie Cool." Midnite replied; turning towards us. "I can't come over until I have a shower and put something on. I'm a mess." Midnite protested.

Do not be silly. You can shower at our place. I even have a robe if you really want to cover up your beautiful body." Monique insisted. Do not you think they should join us, Claude?" Monique asked; turning to Claude for confirmation.

"O yes! We truly desire having you join us." Claude said; with a smile and a glint in his eye._

Wheeling me into the room; Monique drew Midnite and Claude along. When we were inside; Monique asked if we would like a drink.

"No. I don't drink, but I sure would like a shower." Midnite replied.

"Johnny would probably enjoy a morning aperitif. Could you get him one Claude?" Monique suggested. "I will help Mademoiselle Midnite with her bath." Monique bubbled. "You gentlemen can amuse yourselves while Midnite and I get to know each other better. Claude may be able to suggest something to do."

"Come with me." Monique said; pulling Midnite into the bathroom. "We can help each other wash and rub some special oil into each others skin. I have an oil that keeps my skin soft and supple."

"You do not have to go to all this trouble." Midnite protested. "I can go to our room; clean up and come back." Midnite shyly suggested.

"Nonsense!" Monique exclaimed. "You are not too shy too shower with another woman; are you?" Monique questioned. You did not seam shy when you and Johnny were on the veranda earlier. Have you not showered with another woman before? Maybe a sister."

"No I have never done that before." Midnite replied. "But I'm ready to try anything. I have been experiencing a great many new things lately." Midnite giggled.

Stepping into the shower stall; Monique pulled Midnite in after her. Neither woman pulled the shower curtain; allowing Claude and I an unobstructed view of the two goddesses; one chocolate the other vanilla. Turning on the shower; Monique stepped under the warm spray; coaxing Midnite to follow. When both women were thoroughly soaked; Monique bent over; reaching for a bar of soap.

Bending forward; with legs spread; I had a clear view of Monique's shaved cleft. The lips of her labia were pink and swollen; telling me that she was excited. With the shower curtains wide open; I knew Claude and I were going to enjoy a very hot girl, girl show.

Lathering the soap in her hands; Monique cooed, "Let me work some soap into your big, beautiful, brown breasts. I have never seen; let alone massaged; such large, firm globes." Working the soapy lather over Midnite's bouncy breasts; Monique praised her ample charms. "They are so firm. There is no sag. I cannot believe it; they must be 96 centimeters with a triple D cup. I wish I was as well endowed as you. Oh, Look!" she exclaimed. "The nipples are getting very long and hard. I have never seen nipples this big. They must be three centimeters long. I'm just dieing to lick and suck on them. May I?" "I don't know. I guess so. I've never had a woman suck on my breasts." Midnite replied; hesitation in her voice.

Bending her head; Monique flicked out her tongue; teasing Midnite's eraser sized nipple. Engulfing Midnite's hard pink bud between red lips; Monique began to suck. Nursing at Midnite's breast; Monique's hands began to knead the ample flesh of her tit. It took both her hands to surround the glorious globes. When Monique had teased the one nipple; she switched her attentions to the other nipple. Sucking it into her mouth; Monique gave it a little nip with her teeth.

"Oh yes! That feels great." Midnite squealed in delight. "You really know how to make a girl's breast feel good. I can feel little tingles running through my tittie; all the way to my belly and even further down."

Pulling her mouth from Midnite's nipple; Monique panted, "If you want; you can play with my breasts. I love when a pair of hands fondle my tits; especially another woman. They know how to make a woman's breast feel loved; much better then a man. Don't feel shy."

A little hesitantly; Midnite's hands moved to Monique's 35 B breasts. Unlike Midnite's breasts; each one of Monique's tits could be held by one hand. Putting a hand over each tit; Midnite began to knead them like a kitten kneading its mother's breast.  

"Wow! They feel so soft and firm. I have never felt another woman's tits before. They feel just like mine; only smaller." Midnite exclaimed in amazement. "Do they tingle when I do this Midnite asked; giving the mounds a squeeze.

"O yes; mon cherie!" Monique exclaimed. "I can feel the shocks running all the way to my pussy. You are making me very excited. Squeeze them harder!" Monique growled.

Fastening her mouth to Midnite's other nipple; Monique began to suck with abandon. She was attacking Midnite's tit with a ferocious lust. Her hands were no longer kneading the breast; they were mauling the tit. Midnite had to lean against the shower wall; to keep from being bowled over by Monique's frenzied tit assault. 

Midnite was unable to speak; all she could do was moan and whimper with excitement. She was panting and gasping as her lust increased. The sensations Midnite was receiving from Monique's assault on her sensitive tits was bringing her close to an orgasm. Her breasts were so sensitive that prolonged stimulation could bring her to a crashing climax; even if she did not touch her pussy.

Lifting her head from Midnite's breast; Monique panted, " I want you to suck my tits." Not waiting for a reply; Monique drew Midnite's head to her chest; growling, "Suck hard! Do not be gentle! Bite the nipples!"

Midnite obeyed without question. She was overwhelmed by Monique's frenzied passion. From the way Midnite's hands squeezed and twisted Monique's tits; I knew Midnite was getting into the action. I could hear sucking and slurping sounds coming from around Monique's nipples.

"That is the way!" Monique exclaimed. "You know how to play with my tits. I can feel the excitement making my pussy very wet. Do not stop."

As Midnite licked, sucked, and squeezed her tits; one of Monique's hands grabbed the soap; slowly lathering its way down Midnite's back. When the hand reached Midnite's ample butt cheek; the fingers began to knead the firm flesh; burying themselves in the deep crack separating the globes. Moving the soap to the other hand; Monique began to lather Midnite's belly; working toward her smoothly shaved crotch. Both of Monique's hands were now busy. Reaching Midnite's slit; Monique began to slide her hand over the smooth, glistening crotch; letting a finger slide inside the cleft.

"I can feel your moisture." Monique murmured. "Are you getting wet for me? Are my ministrations exciting you?" Monique inquired; a glint in her eye; as she ground the soapy heel of her hand into the excited cleft.

Jerking her head from Monique's nipple; Midnite squealed in pure uninhibited passion, "O shit! That feels fantastic! Don't stop! I'm going to come!"

On hearing this: Monique quickly moved to a squatting position in front of Midnite. Grabbing Midnite's hips with her hands; Monique brought her face to Midnite's crotch. Sticking out her tongue; Monique began to lap along Midnite's labia lips. Sliding her tongue to the top of Midnite's slit; Monique started sucking Midnite's love bud. With her teeth; Monique gave Midnite's clit a light nip.

With that Midnite let out another squeal of delight; beginning to shake all over. Monique's fingers dug into Midnite's hips; trying to steady her gyrating pussy. With each convulsion of Midnite's body she sprayed her juices into Monique's mouth and all over her face. Again and again Midnite's girl goo gushed all over Monique's rapidly lapping tongue and sucking mouth. She was unable to swallow all the juices; so some of it dribbled from the corners of her mouth; running down her chin.

After a few minutes; Midnite's hips slowed there gyrations; panting breath returning to normal. The earth shattering climax had taken a great deal out of Midnite. Her legs were turning to rubber; causing her to slowly collapse. Monique quickly stood; taking Midnite in her arms; helping her to sit on the edge of the tub.

"O mon cherie! I have never seen a woman climax as hard as you. Your juices; they are like a river in flood. It was spectacular! Your juices; they tasted like the nectar of the gods. I could drink from your spring for ever." Monique exclaimed; putting her arms around Midnite; hugging her tightly. "Let me help you to the bed. I will then massage some scented oil into your lovely brown body. I have never met a woman as passionate as you." Monique cooed; bringing her mouth to Midnite's lips; giving her a long passionate kiss; with lots of tongue.

Standing and stepping from the tub; Monique continued to hold Midnite; helping her to stand. Slowly the two water goddesses; one ebony the other ivory; made their way to the bed.

The whole time these gorgeous women had been making ardent love; Claude and I were watching; spell bound. Claude was sitting in an armchair with me next to him in my wheelchair; on the far side of the bed; with a clear view of the bath tub and the action taking place within it. The sight of these two beautiful women making love was the most erotic show I had ever seen. I had watched women in movies make love, but it could not compare with the sensual passion displayed by these two lovers. I could feel the passion as well as see it.

I was not merely a passive watcher of this exotic spectacle. I had been slowly sliding my fist up and down my throbbing erection. I could feel every vein and ridge standing out; pulsating with the pounding of my heart. The pre orgasm fluids had been steadily oozing from the tip of my cock head; making the shaft slick and shiny. My manhood had never felt so huge. Looking down; comparing the shaft length to my fist; I could see my pole had grown some more. This must be some more results of the magic potion Midnite had given me yesterday.

My fist wanted to franticly jerk my cock off, but my brain wanted to make the pleasure last as long as possible. My brain won out. I was going to go slowly; making it last until the pleasure became unbearable. Peeking from the corner of my eye; I could see that I was not the only one enjoying the lovers red hot desire. Claude was staring at the women; transfixed by the sight. He was also slowly jacking himself off; eyes glazed; spittle drooling from the corners of his mouth.

By now the women had reached the bed. Monique was working some fragrant oil into her hands; as Midnite lay spread eagle on the bed. Without a word; only a fiery passion in her eyes; Monique leaned over; beginning to kiss Midnite's full pink lips. Working her tongue between Midnite's voluptuous lips; I could see Midnite respond by thrusting her tongue into Monique's mouth. As the two women's tongues danced with desire; Monique's hands began to work the fragrant oil into Midnite's body; starting with her shoulders. Not breaking the kiss; Monique's hands moved to Midnite's breasts; kneading the oil into the massive mounds. From deep in her throat; Midnite growled in wanton desire; never breaking the kiss. Slowly the hands continued there way down Midnite's body. They were now circling Midnite's belly and naval. The trail left by Monique's oily hands made Midnite's body glisten. To my surprise; the hands did not find there way to the hairless crotch. Instead they began to massage oil into Midnite's thighs.

Pulling her mouth from Monique's lips; Midnite begged "Please; put your fingers inside me. It felt so good when you did it before."

"Soon my love." Monique soothed. "I want to finish oiling your entire beautiful body. I want your brown skin to glow with the aura and fragrance of a flower after a refreshing spring shower."

With the kiss broken; Monique repositioned herself so she could finish oiling Midnite's legs and feet. The hands worked there way down one leg; then the other; leaving no portion without its share of oil. The feet were the last part of Midnite to receive Monique's loving attentions. She took each foot in her hands; thoroughly rubbing the oil along the instep, the sole, and giving each toe an individual massage. When she had finished massaging the feet; Monique picked up a foot; sucking the big toe into her mouth. With the toe in her mouth; Monique began to lick and bite it.

"My god! What are you doing!" Midnite exclaimed. "No one has ever done that to me before. It feels so good! You're making me tingle again."

Monique looked up; eyes twinkling, "Do you like my little surprise?" she inquired; letting the toe pop from her mouth. "I think there is another toe that would like the same attention." Monique continued; picking up the other foot and giving it similar treatment.

By now Midnite's body was quivering with excitement. Moans were coming from deep in her throat; pelvis thrusting upward in anticipation. From my vantage point; only three feet from the bed; I could see moisture oozing from Midnite's aroused, puffy, pink slit. Midnite was on her way to another mind blowing orgasm; without ever having her cleft or clit directly stimulated.

I wonder if this ability to be so easily aroused was a result of the Magic potion that Midnite and I had shared yesterday. If so; the results were varied; coming to complete fruition over a few days.

Removing the toe from her biting, sucking mouth; Monique straddled Midnite's body. Lowering her body onto Midnite; Monique mashed her small tits into Midnite's massive melons. Rotating her hips; Monique ground her pelvis into Midnite's crotch. Monique then began to undulate her body on top of Midnite; like a wriggling snake. Monique's body slid easily over Midnite's oily body. Instinctively Midnite circled Monique with her arms; allowing Monique too do the same. Both women were now locked in a loving embrace; lips glued together; bodies writhing in abandon.

After a few minutes of this torrid embrace Monique tore her lips from Midnite: breathing, "You have had many new experiences with me; It is now time for one more.

Lifting her now oily body from Midnite; Monique reversed her position atop Midnite. Placing one leg either side of Midnite's head; Monique's hairless crotch was only inches from Midnite's mouth. This placed Monique's mouth near Midnite's shaved pussy. The two women were now in the classic 69 position.

"You can now taste your first woman." Monique stated. "If you are uncertain what to do; just follow my example; as I enjoy your delicious treats." Monique instructed; lowering her aroused pussy to Midnite's waiting mouth."

Placing her hands on the inside of Midnite's thighs; Monique pushed the legs apart; as far as possible. This gave Monique, Claude, and I a perfect view of Midnite's quivering quim. Her labia lips were wide open, engorged with blood; giving them a deep pink colour. The clit at the apex of her slit was fully aroused; protruding from the hood a good inch. The inner walls were a lighter shade of pink; glistening with the copious juices being secreted there. The sight was erotic.

Monique brought her mouth to the top of the smooth, shaved crotch; sticking out her tongue. Using the flat of her tongue; Monique lapped at Midnite's clitoris; like a child licking an ice cream cone. As soon as the tongue touched her love bud; Midnite began to vibrate. With the second swipe of the tongue; Midnite began to thrust her pelvis into Monique's face. After two more quick licks; Midnite was in the throes of another earth shattering orgasm. Her juices sprayed from her quivering vagina. With each pulse another load of cream was forced out. The gushing juices covered Midnite's thighs, and crotch and Monique's face: giving everything a slick, shiny appearance.

Immediately Monique's tongue began lapping up the sweet nectar. Gulping and sucking; Monique tried to inhale all the love cream. She was fighting a losing battle; as the juices continued to spray from Midnite; in a seaming endless amount. Sucking and slurping sounds could be heard coming from Midnite's crotch; as Monique franticly lapped and sucked. There was so much juice that it was dripping down Monique's cheeks; pooling on the bed; beneath Midnite. Finally Midnite stopped her thrashing; beginning to calm down.

When Monique had gathered all the love cream she could; she licked her lips; saying, "That was an incredible orgasm. Do you always come so hard and spray like that? I have never experienced a woman that could spray like that. You are a very responsive lover. You also taste delicious. I could eat you for ever; never growing tired of your nectar. It is now your turn to taste the delights a woman can offer. You can lick me. I will again feast on your honey." Monique declared; returning her mouth to Midnite's still drooling cleft.

With no further hesitation; Midnite circled Monique's hips; pulling her crotch down. This caused Midnite's huge melons to pancake outwards. Monique's slim waist was now surrounded by Midnite's ample tit flesh. I could see Midnite's huge pink nipples standing firm and erect; breasts heaving and glistening with sweat.

As I watched; I could see Midnite's pink tongue slide from between moist pink lips; beginning to probe the excited valley between Monique's thighs. Tentatively the tongue slid up and down the aroused labia lips; first one then the other. Moisture had already collected along the edges; trickling onto Midnite's face and into her mouth. Monique's Puffy dark pink lips were wide open; giving Midnite's lips and tongue unobstructed access to the deep glistening cleft. The tongue was now probing the valley; trying to see how deep it could go. Pulling on Monique's hips; Midnite tried to force her tongue and lips even deeper into the drooling slit.

Monique's excitement was rising. She was rotating her hips; thrusting and grinding her crotch into Midnite's face. This was causing Monique's love cream to smear Midnite's face; making it wet and shiny. With each downward thrust; Midnite's nose disappeared into the wet cleft.

Midnite was now moving her attentions to the apex of Monique's slit. Midnite was intent on giving Monique's clit some stimulation. Caressing the pink nub with the flat of her tongue; caused Monique to increase the tempo of her rotating hips. After a few sloppy licks; Midnite took the love bud between her lips; seaming to bite. As if she had been hit with a bolt of electricity; Monique bucked her hips; letting out a loud yelp of pleasure.

"You have found the magic spot!" Monique exclaimed. "Do not stop! Suck My clit! Bite it!" Monique commanded. "You are making me so hot! My insides are turning to mush. I can feel my juices flow."
