 Lisa and I had had sex twice. That afternoon in her office where she had seduced me and orally fucked me on her sofa and one other time when I had gone to her flat in one of those lovely crescents in Regents Park. Although pretty much a full-on lesbian she and Carlton still had sex occasionally, so I never quite grasped the difference between what she was and what I was becoming; a woman who got pleasure from either sex, pansexual or gender fluid as some call it nowadays, but what I had always called being bisexual!

As I had got to know some of the girls who worked for MILF dancers so I began to see that most were bi and quite a few were lesbian although they fucked men, well at least let men play with them, for a living. I had chatted to a few about this and I began to see that most of them and perhaps women in general as explained by many husbands in the chat rooms I visited less often now although I stayed in touch with Mike, had become disillusioned with sex. And that was both with men generally and sex with them in particular, so they turned to women or used men only for sex and not affection or company. That rang so true to me as it was me to a tee and I saw that Belle de Jour was becoming a reality.

Like most of the guys I 'played' with or, more to the point, played with me, at the MILF events I starred in most weeks and occasionally twice a week, sex was a buzz. It was clearly nothing to do with love although the office often got guys calling up and asking for the girls contact detail to date them but they were never divulged. All of the girls I had worked with said the same. 'I love them when I am with them, but forget them by the time I get my knickers back on!'

I was now pretty totally elite, as the agency called it, in that the pubs and stag dos were mostly behind me and nearly all that I attended were small groups in private flats or houses. That said, I was not a diva and I was willing to do the basic grunt work at the less prestigious gatherings if the agency was short or was let down at the eleventh hour. That way the brass kept me high up the pecking order for the higher paid jobs.

Out of the blue, Lisa and Carlton set up a new group and called it MILFs elite plus. Maggie, me and eight or ten other 'forty somethings' were on it. We still attended dinner parties but now more as guests than as performers. Well of course we performed but in a different way. In short, I guess we were now far nearer to being hookers or, as Lisa called them as she slid her hand up my skirt, paramours than before.

The general format was a ratio of two men to one girl. We would have dinner with, say, three girls and six guys so that each girl sat between two guys. During the dinner fondling and kissing were encouraged and somehow, and I never found out how the guys we were to go with first was decided. Sometimes it was an all in the same room job but at others we would go off to bedrooms. After an hour maximum we would swap round and the other partner would take over. Sometimes there was no pairing off and we would split into threesomes. Always, though, there was some girl on girl action. These events were usually all night and sometimes the next day as well and paid by far the most money with a good weekend house party perhaps in the Cotswolds netting around three grand. One of these a week was nice money, particularly tax free!

Ben and I had now parted. I had tried hard, particularly when we were in bed, but I could not make the frequency of travel of the 250 miles from London to Manchester he wanted me to do to attend university functions. So we called it a day. We remained friends and still, as the court hearings for the divorce neared we had the occasional shag. 

*

Lisa was wearing black pvc. One shoulder strap, low across her big, enhanced, but still great to look but less so to feel, boobs showing a deep cleavage, the hem was some six inches or so above her knees and down one side there were large holes showing clearly that she was not wearing underwear and that the black, fishnets were holdup and not tights. Black patent, five-inch killer heels and a black studded neck band completed her outfit. Her blonde hair was in a bun and tight across her head and she wore heavy make-up. She looked great, a little scary and quite domme.

I was wearing pale yellow, lemon I suppose it was. She had provided the long, flowing, silk dress and the accoutrements, a flimsy yellow thong and a diaphanous, low cut bra that showed everything. I provided my own silver, strappy mid height pumps and wore them without holdups. That and, of course, my glasses completed my outfit.

"Karl's our best client so now and then he insists on having me," she had told me when I asked about the gig she had described as a 'lessy job.' 

"Literally having Lisa?" I had asked.

"Now and then yes, but generally with someone else, he has quite an appetite," she'd cooed down the phone.

"So what's this about?"

"He wants us to provide some after dinner entertainment for a couple of his top clients."

"What just us?"

"Yes."

"Dancing?"

"No darling having sex."

"With them?"

"No we won't really see them."

"How's that done."

"Oh lighting and positioning."

"So they just watch?"

"Yes as far as we're concerned, what happens after we have er, um made love is not our concern or Karl's come to that."

"So just that?"

"Well no not quite we then have Karl to look after and believe me darling he is fucking insatiable; you won't get much sleep that night."

Karl had sent a car for us that had transported us into the country around Barnet, north London to a little place called Arkley, where the roads were narrow and leafy and the houses massive. We stopped by some huge wrought iron gates while the driver's credentials were checked over the intercom then we entered the grounds.

"Who the hell owns this place?" I asked. "One of the clients?"

"No that would be indiscrete, and we would know the address, this is Karl's."

We were shown into a small sitting room where Karl was waiting. He kissed us both and asked if everything was ok. Lisa said that it was and asked if the plan was still on.

"Yes very much they are looking forward to watching you and I must say you both look lovely."

"Thanks Karl," Lisa replied in a flirty manner. 

"Everything ok for after?" he asked looking at me then back to her.

Lisa moved closer and sliding her arm round my waist and pulling me against her said rather unnecessarily huskily. "Jayne?"

Leaning my head to one side against hers I smiled and said.

"Yes Karl we're looking forward to it." 

He smiled and Lisa squeezed my hip.

He left us and we had some champagne and sat around chatting for a while.

"When we go on Jayne I guess I should take the lead," she said smiling.

"Well you have so far so why change a habit."

"Right," she smiled leaning over and kissing me full on the lips. "I want to fuck you so much you little tart."

"Hey not so much of the little," I grinned enjoying the feel of the PVC on my hand as I cupped her breast.

"Ok ladies they're ready," Karl said as he came into the room. "You know the score Lisa and I assume you have briefed Jayne."

"Yes of course."

"So stay in the lights and have a great show," he said leading us into the room. 

We went through the door and Lisa held my hand and squeezed it. Turning to look right into my eyes she whispered hardly moving her lips.

"Just be natural darling and let me make love to you like I did in Regent's Park."

I couldn't see much of the room apart from one area near to where we entered, which was brightly lit from floodlights above us. That made for a pool of light that I could not see out from, a bit like being on a stage in a theatre I imagine. In the middle of that pool there was one of those old-fashioned a chaise longues. Some lovely, soothing and I thought rather romantic light classical music was playing. The room was warm and smelt of food, rather garlicy, and good cigars, but not at all unpleasant.

I was just about as nervous as I had been at any session so far. I wasn't sure why but thought it was probably not seeing the audience or knowing who was there; was it all men or mixed, how many, were they dressed or...who knows? But it rather changed the sexual dynamics for me. All the other gigs had included the buzz of being looked at and seeing the onlookers. My exhibitionist streak was pampered. Here it was not as I couldn't see the audience's reaction. That felt odd.

Lisa took me in her arms. Her face was against mine and away from the audience. 

"Forget the people here, it's just you and me," she whispered her hands finding the cheeks of my bum and after rubbing it she squeezed it quite hard and said loud enough for the audience to hear.

"Darling you have such a gorgeous arse, its good enough to eat."

We kissed. It went on and on gradually becoming deeper and more passionate. As had become usual with my performances I forgot about the audience and focused entirely on my partner, on Lisa. Hardly even noticing as my clothes came off I was down to just my thong and heels without realising it, but it felt lovely. Feeling Lisa's pvc against me and realising that I was nearly naked and she was still to shed anything excited me as it evidently did some of the audience going by the appreciative noises at least a few of which sounded to have been made by women.

She led me to the chaise and sat me on it. 

"Lay down darling," she said loud enough for the audience to hear.

I did.

"No darling on your front."

I turned over and lay flat on the couch. I felt her hands on the elastic of the thong.

"Lift up a little baby."

I raised my tummy and felt her peel the thong over my bum, down my legs and off. I was deliciously bare.

"Open your legs," she continued.

I did, not knowing or care really what could be seen or who could see it other than Lisa.

Kneel up a little.

I did. I felt her hands on my hips as she knelt on the floor behind me. Then she licked my arse. Not the cheeks, not even just the slit, but right on my arsehole. Her hand pulled my cheeks apart and nothing happened. 'Was she showing me off, showing the audience my arsehole and cunt?' I didn't know and didn't care as I was in a sort of trance-like state. Naked apart from shoes with a gorgeous, fully dressed woman licking my arse and now reaching between my legs and rubbing my clit as an unseen genderless audience looked on played to just about every one of my Belle de Jour fantasies. And on top of that there was the delicious caresses of the PVC on my legs and back as Lisa rubbed herself against me. I had never worn such material but vowed to one day.

I didn't last, I couldn't it was impossible, so I came. Hard, quick, heavy and noisily.

I collapsed on my front on the couch. But then the performer inside me kicked in. I turned over and looking at Lisa I said.

"Thank you darling that was amazing."

Smiling she said. "No thanks to you and your arse, and that was good enough to eat!

Lisa had moved away from the chaise nearer to the edge of the lights but was careful I saw that she did not try to look past the 'wall of light.' Smiling, she walked back to where I was lying and kneeling with one knee on the couch she pulled the front of the pvc dress down and got her big tits out. There were murmurs of appreciation from the crowd. Lifting them and offering them to me she said.

"Suck mummy's titties Jayne, suck mummy's big titties."

I sat up and looking into her eyes I held one and brought my face close to it. I licked her erect nipple. It was so beautifully hard, just ready, so ripe for sucking. I took it into my mouth, held it between my lips and pressed it with my tongue before moving my lips and holding it between my teeth. I bit it and sucked at the same time in the way I knew she liked. It thrilled me when she moaned and gripped the back of my head. 

As I continued making oral love to her nipples and tits I felt her moving her arms and body a little and the audience gasping. Still keeping her big, fat, hard nipple in my mouth I opened my eyes just as she took hold of my hand. She had rolled the skirt up round her waist and she pushed my hand between her legs right on to the glistening, pink wetness of her cunt. I rubbed it then pushed a finger in her. She writhed on it, pulled her breasts away from my mouth and kissed me open-mouthed and vigorously as I finger-fucked her to her first climax.

After that she pulled me up and we embraced, me naked, her with the top of her dress and the skirt bunched round her waist. We had sex or made love four or five more times so that both of us probably had at least three strong orgasms. As we finished dead on one as Karl had instructed there was a smattering of applause before he led us out and showed us upstairs to a large bedroom overlooking the front courtyard. Being nosy we obviously couldn't resist looking out of the window when we heard cars arriving and people leaving. We watched six women get into the cars and be driven off.

*

That night, well more that event, although the night with Lisa and Karl was pretty spectacular, stayed with me for some time. I couldn't stop wondering what sort of women paid what must have been a very hefty fee as I got two thousand and god knows how much Lisa received. Alright that was for the threesome with Karl as well, but I reckoned that was thrown in as a freebie, which I was most pleased to provide as I enjoyed it. And Lisa was spot on, Karl was as near insatiable as any forty something I had come across, but then how many had I come across sexually other than through MILF dancers?

"So who do you reckon they are?" I asked Lisa as we lay on her lovely king size bed in the flat in Regent's Park the next afternoon.

We had stayed the night at Karl's making love to him and each other with me wonderfully being the centre of attention. For several hours either, he or, she and often both were doing the most intensely exciting things to me. There were so many new experiences for me: sucking his cock as Lisa licked my pussy and clit; sucking Lisa as he pushed his cock in me; being fucked with Lisa's nipple in my mouth; his tongue on my arsehole and Lisa's on my cunt; Lisa's nipple on my hole and him sucking my clit. They just went on and on and at times I lost touch with who was doing what to whom. I have no idea just how many times they made me cum and at one stage it was as if I was having one long orgasm with its intensity increasing until I almost exploded and then it dipping down a little so that I was held at that gorgeous level just beneath a full climax.

Lisa was absolutely spot on about Karl, he was as good as insatiable. Although he didn't actually cum that often, maybe three times and once the next morning, he was able to stay hard almost continuously and when he did soften after ejaculating it took very little to get him erect again.

"I don't know and Karl, as usual, was very tight-lipped about it," she said kissing me. "Obviously well off so maybe show biz or highly paid City traders, but who cares if they are willing to pay it we can take it can't we darling?"

We had got to her home in Regent's Park around noon. Having been up until around four having sex with Karl we hadn't got much sleep so her suggestion to have a snooze at her place seemed to be a good idea. Inevitably, I suppose the snooze had turned into more sex so it wasn't until two or so that I dozed off.

*

Although in some ways I regretted it, Lisa and I became somewhat of a number, a class act as Karl called it, for MILF elite plus. This meant that I rarely worked with Maggie anymore and I missed that as we had become great mates. Although hers and my lovemaking at the events was intense and real as we both had full orgasms, we didn't take it further and get together on a social level. That was quite strange really and completely the opposite of Lisa and me for we were now a fully-fledged number both professionally and socially. After nearly all events I stayed with her in Regent's Park and we spoke on the phone every day, often several times. 

Our sexual relationship developed with her very much the leader, the director and yes, the domme. There was absolutely no way that we were on a level with each other and without any discussion I took up a naturally submissive role. Without doubt I was the femme in the relationship and I loved it. I liked being spoiled and pampered, having her wash my hair, buy me presents, massage me and direct our lovemaking. Alright there was a price to pay, but being tied up now and then, the odd spanking and being humiliated in public by wearing no underwear and flashing both my breasts and bare arse was a small price for the pleasure I got from her dominating me.

Although I still gained great pleasure from 'my job' when having sex with men, on another level I felt that I was becoming more of a lesbian. Outside the MILF events I had little to do with men and had not had sex with any, not even Ben for several months. Nearly all my life and certainly the sexual side of it now revolved around Lisa and I was half-living with her.

"Wow you look lovely," I said as Lisa let me into her apartment.

"I thought I would dress up to impress you," she said kissing me full on the lips as I brushed past her.

"Well you certainly do that," I replied as we broke the kiss and I ran my gaze up and down her voluptuous body.

She was wearing an ankle-length, black silk, and lace, almost see-through peignoir. Her blonde hair was down tumbling onto her shoulders and she was showing a deep cleavage. When she moved, her long, bare legs popped out from the skirt part of the robe. I was immediately aroused.

"Go into the bedroom and undress," she told me in the authoritatively arousing way that she had developed over the past few months. It didn't occur to me for one second to object, flirt or ask why. I just did as she ordered.

Slipping my flip flops off, I dropped my short, mid-thigh length, loose fitting skirt and silky blouse onto the bed, I hadn't bothered with a underwear, which was something Lisa encouraged. I knew that she would approve of the skirt as that would enable her to slide her hand up right onto my bum and pussy, something she did more often recently. That really got me going when she did it in a cab, bar, restaurant or other public place.

"Come on Jayne hurry up get that pretty arse and big tits out here, she called from the lounge."

Smiling, I exaggerated my wiggle and sashaying into the lounge, I said. "Darling, talking about big tits do I get to see yours," as I saw that she was still wearing the long robe that I had half- thought she would have removed.

"Yes, of course you will, but I have something for you first."

"What is it?"

"A present."

"Mmmm lovely."

"Close your eyes then."

I did. 

She kept me waiting a few seconds as I heard the rustle of her clothing. 

"Ok open them now."

To say that I was amazed at what I saw was an enormous understatement. She had pulled the peignoir open and was standing with her hands on her hips holding the robe so that her front from the swell of her breasts to her toes was uncovered. Rearing right up her stomach was a black strap on.

"Oh fuck Lisa, what's that?" I rather naively and somewhat ridiculously muttered.

"Your present darling."

"My present," I gulped taking in its length and girth, both of which were far more than I had ever experienced.

"Yes the present I am going to fuck you with at Karl's next party."

"So why now?"

"We need to get used to using it," she replied running her fingertips slowly up and down it the contrast between the blackness of the phallus and the white polish on her fingernails standing out starkly.

I felt odd. Aroused and excited for sure, but also rather threatened, very vulnerable and confused. I had never seen one in real life before and had certainly never seen a cock as long and thick and the realisation that it would soon be in me and Lisa would fuck me intensified these emotions. Standing in the middle of her beautifully furnished lounge with the open French doors leading to her garden and the park beyond, naked apart from my glasses as my lesbian lover confronted me wearing the big, black surrogate cock would have made for a very horny scene indeed for some. For others, of course, it could well be a squalid and rather disgusting situation.
