 Chapter 4

A wealthy woman submits to being a girl's pet

The woman had submitted to blackmail so quickly Miranda, at first, had trouble finding ways to humiliate her. Miranda then set on a course of deliberately trying to make Geraldine feel worthless, and it had worked. The thirty-two year old woman had given her a hard time, when she came round to help out. Now the self-important, stuck up bitch, was her pet, ready to obey anything she demanded.

Only a few days ago Geraldine was a self-assured, mature and responsible woman, considered a pillar of society. How this young eighteen-year-old had subverted her was a mystery; it was diabolical. She had told herself it was necessary to give in to her teasing, to avoid the disgrace of that nasty video being made public.

That was how her downfall started. The simple teasing had developed into a harsh regime of punishment and humiliation, until at some point, she had completely capitulated. Miranda had her jumping through perverted hoops, way beyond her circle of experience. It wasn't just uncomfortable it was humiliating beyond endurance, breaking her will to resist.

She had been cleverly manipulated into becoming this girls pet. Now her self-image was being rebuilt, to the girls own low standards of morality; having to perform vile degrading sexual acts on demand. 

The young girl had forced her to realise a nasty truth about herself. She was a submissive! Miranda and a young friend had laughed about it, ridiculing her, as she crawled around on the end of a leash between them. 

On hearing the frightening tale of a woman being sold as a sex slave, Geraldine not only gave up resisting, she began to try in earnest to please her mistress. The idea of being sold like a mere object was appalling, and so she decided to keep Miranda happy, and avoid the dreadful prospect.

On the drive back to her home, Geraldine stared out of the window, unable to look at her tormentor. Could she really play along with her despicable games, just to keep the little slut happy? It was a disheartening prospect but she would find the strength somehow.

There was a slight hope this would all end on arriving home, to her husband, yet this new state of submissiveness would mark her for a long time to come. A nagging feeling of imminent doom filled her with trepidation. Why had the girl bought those fetish clothes and dreadful toys, if this was to end so soon? 

She hoped they were just a parting gift, a last humiliation inflicted upon her.

***

"Bring everything into the house," Miranda dismissively ordered. She walked from the garage into the house without a backward glance, expecting the woman to obey.

"Yes, mistress," Geraldine whispered submissively. Her husband was sure to be home by now, so how was she to explain away the dress? The light summer dress was far more revealing than she would ever consider wearing, and underneath it was an all in one bodysuit. 

Nervously, she entered the kitchen, no longer the mistress of her own home. 

"Go get the other stuff, quickly," Miranda ordered, treating the older woman like a servant.

Geraldine scampered out, wondering where her husband was. If he wasn't there she was in trouble. All these items purchased in that dreadful sex shop were to be tried out on her. She didn't know what her mistress had bought, but the sight of those disgusting things on shelves and racks was daunting. 

"You had better take that dress off. Pet doesn't want to be punished for getting it dirty, do we pet," Miranda warned her. 

"No mistress, I mean, yes, mistress," Geraldine stammered. Wearing just a thin nylon body stocking in the kitchen was embarrassing, and naturally she wanted to cover herself, in case someone saw her through the window. Nevertheless, she had learnt to stand straight, with arms out at her sides, or receive a slap. 

She stood before the young girl, feeling small and insignificant under her close examination. She had done this to the girl last week, examining her fingernails to make sure they were clean. So this is how humiliating it felt, to be treated like menial servant.

"Feel the seam at the crotch. Now pull it apart, that's it. Go to the toilet, unless pet would rather go outside?" she teased.

"Thank you, mistress," Geraldine whimpered gratefully, remembering the ordeal of last night. The memory of having to urinate outside was disgusting, and in daylight it would be excruciating. Some busybody would be sure to see her.

"You can make lunch. Bring it into the lounge. Something for you too, you know how, don't you?" Miranda asked her pet, with a knowing smile. 

"Yes, mistress," Geraldine quickly replied. Without thinking Geraldine bowed her head in supplication to her mistress.

The humiliation of eating food from a dog bowl lessened, as she became used to it. Besides, she was sure there were worse things to come. 

"You've lapped up all your dinner like a good little pet," Miranda cooed, while patting her head. The patronising tone of voice had become a habit; no longer needed to enforce the relationship of mistress and pet. 

"Now you can take off your mistress's panties. Unlike my wanton pet, I get to wear them, as I don't get them slimy with sex juices all the time," Miranda explained, rubbing in the woman's lowly status. 

"What do you think of your mistress's pussy, pet?" she asked, as though it were an ordinary everyday question, about a pair of shoes. 

"Its nice mistress," Geraldine squirmed. 

"Is that all? Well, you'll learn better. Lick it and kiss it. That's it worship your mistress's pussy, like a good little pet. That's enough. Wipe my pussy with them. Push the crotch in a little bit. Mmmm, that feels nice, kind of different, but nice. Enough! Put them in your mouth, no, the crotch first. Let them dangle from your mouth, that's it, perfect," she giggled.

Geraldine's face was screwed up unpleasantly, with a look of distaste. The flavour and odour was pungent and there was no getting away from it. 

Miranda used this was just another amusing humiliation as well as teaching her to get used to the taste of her pussy. When used to her sex juices, it would help the woman become all the more efficient, when licking her to an orgasm. Her tongue must be getting stronger too, from having to lap up her meals.

"Turn around, pet," she said. Miranda admired the way she obeyed without being ordered and without question too. Pulling something out of a shopping bag, she leant over the woman's ass.

"Pets' first present, from mistress," Miranda announced. 

Geraldine felt a hard object rubbing her lips. This is how she got into trouble. The girl filmed her playing with a dildo on her bed then cleverly cut it with a film of the gardener, making it look as though he was watching. The voice over made it sound as though he were encouraging her to an orgasm.

Geraldine couldn't help becoming excited, just a little. She didn't want this to happen. She would have cursed and screamed murder, a couple of days ago. She instead braced herself for the inevitable, knowing it was impossible to resist her mistress's abuse. 

She sighed deeply. She had accepted this young girl as her mistress so deeply she not only replied with the word, she used the title in her thoughts too. 

Geraldine was relieved to feel grease being rubbed over her crotch. Liberal dollops of the stuff were palmed there, smeared even between the cheeks and little brown hole. She felt pleased her mistress wanted to eliminate the pain of it entering a dry pussy. The gratitude was another sign of a low self-worth, a sign recognised and regretfully accepted.

"Mistress! Please," she yelped. Thinking it was in the wrong place, she tried to warn her mistress. Geraldine felt it pressing between her cheeks, at her bottom. Geraldine couldn't help a spluttered yelp of anguish.

"Mistress, please, not there!" she cried out.

"Shush, pet, try to relax, and it will be so much easier," Miranda warned. 

Miranda ringed her asshole with a finger, rubbing grease into the woman, finger deep. The sensitive asshole flexed, clenching and unclenching. 

Not wanting to, she nevertheless tried to open up, knowing it would happen anyway. She felt her small virgin opening being invaded. It was a curious feeling. It rubbed her vagina wall on the wrong side. Somehow it did feel slightly erotic. An image flashed through her mind, of the rough young gardener, taking her. Despite quickly repressing it, the thought helped a little.

"That wasn't too bad was it, pet," Miranda warmly told her, while slapping her bottom playfully. She liked the way the woman yelped every time the butt plug was jiggled around, and noticed that her breathing was quickening, progressing to little gasps.

A small metal tube was pulled from the bag and pushed into the rubber butt plug. Geraldine heard a hiss of air and realised the thing inside was expanding. 

"Don't panic! Stop squirming around," Miranda warned her. "It's getting bigger, to hold it in place," Miranda explained. The can was quickly empty and silent, so the woman stopped trying to force it out. It was useless trying now it was inflated; it was in place until someone pushed on the release valve.

Miranda pulled the can away from the butt plug and dropped it into the bag. Another devious device was fished out. This too fitted into the butt plug. 

"Crawl around, pet. Still got mistresses panties? Good! Come on get a move on, small steps, till you get used to it. That's it, now back here," Miranda encouraged her. "Try crawling around the room, good pet," Miranda said, as though she were training a puppy.

"Stay there. Look over your shoulder, at your ass," Miranda told her.

Geraldine did so, in trepidation of what she might find. She immediately closed her eyes, screwing them tightly shut, rather than burst into tears. A large fluffy tail protruded up from her bottom. In the mirror she could see it was attached to the horrid butt plug. It was no wonder the damn butt plug shifted around inside with every movement. It wriggled around inside her ass, with every crawling step, in time with the wagging tail. 

The damnable girl had caught her out yet again! 

"The tail can be detached with this tool then the valve can be pressed, to let out the air. That's the only way it can be removed. Clever little thing isn't it!" Miranda giggled.

"Come over here and thank your mistress for your new gift," Miranda said. She watched the pet crawl toward her, the tail swishing back and forth, with every movement of her buttocks. She could imagine what it was doing inside her ass. Her smelly panties had been forgotten, as they too swung from her gritted teeth, in an opposite gyration to the tail.

Miranda clapped her hands with glee, laughing out loud. This was all going with such an easy swing, way beyond her expectations. The once proud woman stopped before her, right between her legs, with head down, eradiating despondency.

"What do you say?" she asked.

"Thank you mistress, for my gift," Geraldine whispered. 

With the panties held in her teeth, she had a delightful lisp. "You can do better than that, pet. Speak up, and it's a tail you are thanking me for," she admonished the woman.

"Thank you mistress, for the tail, your pet," she faltered. "Your pet is grateful, for her lovely new tail," Geraldine managed to croak, holding back tears threatening to spill from a pair of sad eyes.

"That's better! Your mistress knew pet could do it, if she tried. Now let's get these on you," she said, revealing the pads worn in the sex shop.

Lifting each knee then her hands in turn, Geraldine was soon padded with paws. 

"That will help you crawling around, especially in the kitchen. Try not to get them dirty, pet," Miranda smirked. It also meant the woman couldn't stand up, or use her hands. Even if she got a hold of the key there was no way, with those puppy paw mittens, could she get the tail off.

Miranda wasn't too sure at first, though the look was growing on her. It was the fact that the bitch was completely at her mercy. That swayed her into liking the result. She walked over to the fireplace and put the key on a shelf above it, among the expensive ornaments. 

Looking at her pet she could see it had absorbed the significance of the act. It was plainly on view, yet impossible to reach, as she couldn't stand. The pet could only crawl while wearing those knee pads, as they held her knees bent. She crawled with an adorable wiggle, with her ass pointing upward. They couldn't be removed either, while wearing the pads on her hands. Her pet was completely at her mercy and she knew it!

It was an amusing thought that the woman of the house, once mistress of her domain, couldn't reach that key. She had to crawl around, in her own lounge, looking up to where it was so tantalising close yet out of reach. In the meantime she would have to wear a humiliating tail reminding her, with every movement, of the butt plug tight up her ass.

Miranda giggled in delight while stroking her hair. 

Rummaging around in the bag she brought out an impressive dildo. She strapped it around her waist and eased into her vagina. It took a little time even with some lubrication. 

"Wow! That's a tight fit," she smiled at her pet. "I'm so pleased with my little puppy, I'm going to give it a good fucking!" she announced. Thrusting out her hips the double ended dildo swung up in front of her, looking big and impressive. 

"I bet you haven't had a man this good, little puppy-girl," she stated. "Are you ready for a good seeing-to, puppy-girl?" she asked.

"Yes, mistress," Geraldine whimpered. Looking up at her mistress, the dildo looked enormous. She took the hint, knowing she had to be more elaborate with her answers. 

"Thank you mistress, your little puppy-girl needs a good fucking. Puppy-girl wants, mistress to fuck her hard," she confessed. It was a surprise the last words were uttered. They had escaped her mouth without thinking. Had she sunk so low as to really mean it?

The girl walked around behind her with Geraldine watching the big thing bouncing menacingly before her. Surely the girl didn't expect to get that inside her! Geraldine whimpered out loud unable to suppress the heart felt dismay.

She was a mature married woman and this young girl was going to use her like a sex toy! She was going to make her completely hers and there was nothing she could do about it. 

The girl had shredded her moral standards and thrown them into the gutter. She had stripped her self respect away, forced her to accept being a pet, dressed her and made her behave like a pathetic little puppy-girl. 

She had taken her asshole, filling it with a butt plug tail, making it an object of fun, and locked it away for her amusement. 

Finally, she was going to take her vagina. She would be completely corrupted with nothing left of her mind and body. All that would be left was a young girl's plaything. Her body and mind would belong to a young girl, to be used and abused. She would become just a little pathetic, pet puppy-girl, eager to be played with.

Geraldine tried to stem the panic. She needed to relax or be hurt. Her breathes came in tortured gasps. She shook her head from side to side, moaning one word softly, sounding pathetic, "No!" 

Her ass was presented upward, from the way the knee braces clasped them tightly. She felt a strong pair of hands grip her hips. Was there nothing to save her, nothing she could do or say? She wished the awfulness of it to end quickly.

The bulbous head of the dildo kissed her lips. They were wet, still slippery from the grease. It slid between them massaging them, until she felt a firm deliberate push, as the despicable object entered her body. Geraldine felt its bulk pushing at the walls of her vagina, expanding them as it travelled up inside her.

Every movement, every thrust, she felt it all with an intensity too great to resist. Her head hung low with shame. Unable to remain silent she raised her head to utter words of condemnation. Instead she was surprised and alarmed to hear something so very different.

"Fuck me mistress, fuck your puppy-girl hard," she yelped. "Ram your big cock in puppy-girls cunt, make puppy-girl cum, pet needs to cum, mistress," she yelled. 

The words shocked her, yet she began to fuck herself on the big phallus, rocking back and forward with all her strength. 

Miranda had a strong orgasm. Geraldine felt her shivering sweaty body collapse upon her. She knew what had happened, and joined her in a deep, penetrating, synchronised orgasm. Throughout her body it felt as though her whole being was shaken in a swirling mass of sensations. It felt as though her sex had exploded outward, to the further reaches of her limbs.

***

Geraldine attentively bathed her mistress in a hot, deep bath. 

Miranda felt bruised from the monster dildo, and from the way her pet had reacted so forcefully. She said nothing though, for the monster orgasm was worth it. 

She had trouble disentangling herself as they were both stuck on the double ended dildo. It was firmly embedded in her pet and she had to wriggle on the floor, from an awkward position, to free her self. Only then could she ease it out of her own tightening pussy, to un-strap it.

It struck her as hilarious, so there was no need to punish her pet. Instead she had learnt from the first time experience. She gave her a big hug and kissed her profusely. Pet kissed her back, even spending sometime smooching deeply.

After the bath pet showered, ate a quick meal, and they prepared for bed. Miranda couldn't wait to try out some of the other toys she had bought and somehow knew her pet was eager too. They would have to wait until tomorrow for both were exhausted.

Lifting the covers she looked at her pet, nestling between her legs. "What do you think of mistress's pussy now, little puppy-girl?" she giggled. Miranda saw her look up with a glow of contentment upon her face.

"Mistress's pussy is wonderful! May humble little puppy-girl worship it, please, mistress!" she whined. 

"Go on, enjoy yourself, pet," Miranda cooed, with pleasure. The pleasure soon became deeper as her pet licked and sucked on her lips. 

As a woman she knew he way around down there and soon found the sensitive places. She discovered where to stroke, where to press, where to lick and where to bite. Geraldine's whole mouth encompassed the young girls pussy with a tongue pressed up inside waggling around. A finger pressed her sensitive button. A steady rhythm was increasing slowly.

Miranda started to walk her legs up and down the sheet, digging her heels into the bed, grunting, sucking in deep breaths. The orgasm rocked her back and forth. 

Lifting the sheet, Miranda signalled to her little pet puppy-girl with a crooked finger, still unable to talk. She patted her breast for the woman to lay her head there. She stroked her hair, making soothing noises. "Little pet puppy-girl did well. Mistress is very pleased with her little pet," she cooed. 

Geraldine smiled up at her mistress. She no longer felt pathetic. Her mistress was so pleased with her she was letting her sleep in the bed. She suckled on her mistress's breast contentedly, till falling asleep.