 Miranda sat listening to music feeling bored. She dare not invite so-called friends over, after what happened last time, so she had to content herself with playing with her two slaves. Feebie, a school friend from the past had joined her and pet-girl, after the party, so it hadn't been all bad. 

The added responsibility of caring for her was easy enough, for she was a natural submissive. The two of them came into the lounge taking up their positions, at her feet, indicating they had completed the household chores. Miranda ignored them, trying to think of a game to play. Partly to keep them occupied, as well as a pleasant distraction for her.

"Slave-girl!" she said, to get Feebie's attention. 

Slave-girl was squatting on the floor at her feet wearing the chains of a Sirik. Most of her other outfits followed a harem slave-girl theme, as that was her favourite fantasy. She straightened up, pushing out her large breasts and opened her knees wider, to show off her sex to her mistress.

"Go get changed into your new outfit, and hurry back," Miranda ordered. She knew the girl wouldn't like this, and it was the main reason she bought it. The visit to a friend's sex shop yesterday had been one of their special days out.

Miranda stroked her puppy-girl to keep it happy. Puppy-girl had settled down to accept the slave-girl at last, though she still had to make sure it had plenty of attention. They both accepted their place at her feet and competed against each other when pleasuring their mistress, of which, Miranda took full advantage.

"Time to teach the slave-girl some new tricks, puppy-girl. Don't fret, you're still my favourite slave," Miranda cooed. "Who's a sweet, lovely little puppy-girl then?" She asked, while stroking her breasts.

"Puppy-girl is, mistress," Geraldine yapped, in her usual little puppy voice. 

It was still amusing seeing this older woman submitting so completely. She was once a wealthy socialite used to entertaining important personages of the community, in this very house. Recently the house had been turned over to Miranda by Geraldine, her puppy-girl, together with all her wealth.

The once important woman was now her sex toy, ready to do anything Miranda wanted. In a way this was disappointing. That was another reason she wanted to re-train Feebie. She needed a challenge and something to do with the empty days of ease.

Feebie came into the lounge looking self-conscious, in a French maid's outfit. Miranda smiled at her. How could she be looking so awkward wearing clothes? It was probably after becoming used to wearing next to nothing all day, as well as it not being her particular fantasy attire.

Miranda wondered how the girl would take to being re-trained. She remembered the girl was clever, a bit of a swot back in school, and should have finished her degree with honours. It was that bully, Judy, who ruined her chances. Instead of completing her own course work she had spent too much time on Judy's essays and other assignments. 

"What do you think of the new outfit, slave-girl?" Miranda asked.

"It's, err, interesting, mistress," Feebie answered.

"I want you to speak with a French accent. You can do that can't you?" Miranda asked.

"Oui, mistress," Feebie answered, trying out an exaggerated accent. 

"That's very good, maid. Curtsy when your mistress speaks to you," Miranda encouraged.

"Oui, mistress," Feebie answered, this time with an elaborate curtsy. She lifted the hem of the short black dress with both hands, dipped her head, and bent both knees, with one leg behind the other. 

"Don't worry. You'll still be my slave-girl. I just want you to be more flexible. Fetch me a drink, maid," Miranda imperiously ordered.

"Oui, mistress," Feebie answered, with a steadier curtsy. 

With a drink in her hand Miranda looked her maid over. "Let's have a look at the outfit. You look lovely in it, maid. Lift the hem up, higher," Miranda told her.

Her full figure filled out the dress, leaving her looking voluptuous. Her breasts spilled out over the scooped top. Her legs looked longer in high heels and stockings, held up by suspender straps. The black contrasted well with the white fleshy thighs. Miranda wanted to caress them but resisted. The full white panties were pulled up tight over her sex. 

Geraldine nudged Miranda with her nose, indicating she wanted attention. "That's enough, puppy-girl. Your turn will come. Does puppy-girl want to wear paws?" Seeing the woman's indecision, she added. "Not now you don't, mistress wants puppy-girl to play with her soon," Miranda told the woman. 

"Thank you mistress, puppy-girl loves playing with her mistress," Geraldine eagerly responded. 

Geraldine settled down at her mistress's feet to lick them. Automatically Miranda put a hand on her head to stroke it. "Mmmm, that's nice, puppy-girl," she said, in the usual condescending tone. Both had settled into a routine, knowing each others needs.

"Stand with your feet apart and knees together, like a gangly girl, I know you can do it," Miranda told her maid. "Put a finger between your teeth, now giggle. No! Like Genie in class, you remember her? The stupid girl, sat next to Jane. That's it!" Miranda laughed. "Swivel your hips and practise it," she ordered. 

"You can work your way up my thighs now, puppy-girl," she sighed. 

"Keep going till I tell you to stop, you too maid," Miranda laughed. 

Feebie felt so belittled she wanted to cry. She should be getting ready for the Business Studies second year exams. Instead, she was here, dressed as a humble maid. Practising the role of stupid bimbo made it worse still. 

It was her own fault, for she had indulged too often in a favourite fantasy game, over the last few weeks. It had become so well ingrained it was difficult to say no to the one time school friend. Miranda had treated her like a slave-girl so effectively she now thought of Miranda as her mistress, and couldn't escape from behaving like her personal slave. 

Even without wearing chains she deferred to Miranda completely. Dressing up as a French maid had never been included in her fantasies, yet because her mistress was pleased with her, she tried hard to get it right. She just couldn't help herself from obeying the girl. Especially with that important woman pandering to her every word, how could she demure, with such a powerful example leading her on. 

Feebie stood in a cute little girl stance, swinging her hips. She raised a finger to her lips, and pouted, with an endearing look through long eyelashes. She giggled while looking vacant, as though a thought had become mislaid in a tiny mind. Repeating the action over and over again brought an awful perfection to the movement. 

She imagined how it would be to think like a dizzy blonde bimbo, a mindless creature used to obeying and not thinking for its self. She looked at puppy-girl, knowing this was a good role model to follow. She could feel her thoughts receding into a muzzy fog as the role was perfected.

Puppy-girl was licking her thighs nudging her pussy with her nose, obviously wanting to progress, though Miranda kept her back. "No! Not yet, puppy-girl, be good," Miranda warned her. 

She no longer had to raise her hand, to the pet, for she had learnt to obey so well. It had been fun though, spanking an older woman, who had been so self-important and wealthy. The look of humiliation on the woman's face had been amusing and very satisfying.

Geraldine whined like a naughty little puppy not getting its own way. As a puppy-girl the woman took her example from a pet dog, Suzie, she owned last year. Like most of her behaviour during the last six months, she modelled herself on the pet bitch. She identified with it closely, after being on a leash, petted, playing fetch, sleeping in a cage, and being groomed by her mistress. 

Geraldine had nothing. Not the house, money or the smallest of possessions. If she was dressed to go out, or wearing a puppy outfit with a tail, it had all been bought by her mistress. Like the pet Suzie, she too was a pet, owned by her mistress. With no decision making and nothing to worry about, pet-girl had ceased to think about anything at all, except pleasuring her mistress. 

A dim memory of someone talking about a slave sale, kept her on her toes. The idea of the mistress becoming bored enough to sell her on to a stranger, was frightening. If she had misbehaved during the day, Geraldine would wake up in the middle of the night sweating. 

She imagined standing naked in front of strangers, being auctioned off to the highest bidder, as insignificant as any other possession in the house. Before the final price was declared, and the hammer fell, she awoke trembling. Trembling with arousal had been surprising at first, but she became used to it. She would lie quietly playing with her sex, until falling back to sleep. 



"Fetch another beer, maid," Miranda smiled at her slave-girl. Crooking a finger at her meant for the empty bottle to be removed. Slave-girl quickly snatched it up from the table, only to drop it on her mistress's knee.

"You clumsy idiot! Stand still," Miranda ordered harshly. The girl had been hoping from foot to foot in anguish from what she had done. Puppy-girl was alternately, licking mistress's knee, and barking threateningly at Feebie. 

"Calm down, puppy-girl," Miranda told her, and eventually had to push her away with a shove of her foot. "Stay!" she added.

"Here, maid," Miranda demanded, patting her lap. 

Feebie went to sit on mistress's lap, misunderstanding the order, though Miranda put her right, by grabbing a fist full of hair. "This will hurt, but not as much as my knee, you careless idiot, slave-girl," Miranda spoke, with a hard edge to her voice. "Count, slave-girl, and thank your mistress for correcting you," she said, with a smack to girl's fleshy bottom.

"One! Thank you, mistress," Feebie cried out. 

Miranda pulled the girl's panties down and slapped her bottom again. It hurt her hand, so she decided to get a paddle for next time. She had spanked the woman, in the beginning of her training, but hadn't needed to for a long time, so this would teach them both to behave. 

"Two! Thank you mistress," Feebie simpered. The feeling of being an errant slave-girl was turning her on. She worried if this too would be punished.

Another slap sounded loud, over the girl's ample cheeks and Feebie repeated the humiliating litany. 

The cheeks were probably as red as her face. At least it was hurting, for she began to squirm. Miranda wrapped her arm around the girl to pull her breasts out and gripped one in a tight fist. Eventually the girl realised she was hurting herself by moving so settled down to a steady moan. The last slap was delivered right between the legs, bringing a loud yelp of pain, from her slave-girl.

"Owww! Six! Thank you mistress," Feebie humbly spoke.

Miranda pushed the girl off her knees, onto the floor, where puppy-girl just managed to leap out of the way. Puppy-girl had been avidly watching the punishment, with a look of glee on her face. 

"Stand up, now!" Miranda demanded. "You know how to stand and what to do," Miranda demanded. She watched the look of confusion clear, to be replaced by a vacant look. Feebie went through the, dumb-girl routine so well she might have to be taught something else. 

"Slave-girl looks like a lovely little, brainless bimbo," Miranda taunted her. 

Feebie was relieved to hear her mistress was pleased with her. "Thank you, mistress, for correcting me. Your maid is ready to serve, mistress," Feebie said, between giggles, over the finger in her mouth. The whole mouth routine gave her a cute lisp, which Miranda loved. 

Feebie was imagining herself in ankle socks and a micro mini-skirt to help get into the role. She swung her hips for her mistress, in as an enticing way as possible. She looked up through long eyelashes with doe like eyes, wide with anticipation. 

As innocent as the look was, she was obviously not thinking of ice cream, but of hot sex. Feebie had found a new game and wanted to play. She had learnt that to pleasure mistress, meant greater pleasure in return. The excitement from two pairs of hands and two mouths, exploring her naked body, was always overwhelming. 

Miranda looked at the naughty vamp and at last knew where she was going with the slave-girl. A set off new outfits would be needed. Feebie was going to make a wonderful airhead slut. Given time the girl wouldn't remember college or even high school. She would settle into becoming a cute little bimbo, with a fizzy head instead of a brain, like her puppy-girl.

After all, puppy-girl had lost all its inhibitions to become a dutiful pet, and she had been an important, older woman, used to having influential power in the community. It no longer thought of itself as an independent creature, as it looked at Miranda as its mistress, patiently waiting to obey every commanded. 

Feebie, with far less experience in the world would soon be a mindless dizzy creature, attuned to sex. Miranda laughed lightly. The girl was already obedient, so it might be too easy. A slap and a compliment worked for puppy-girl, so it would be interesting to see if it worked for slave-girl, to change her too.



***



Miranda began to miss school friends of her own age. People she could talk too who wouldn't just bark or agree with everything she said. There was only one friend Miranda knew she could trust, and have a decent conversation with. Kate was into the dominance and submissive scene, though only visited occasionally.



"Quickly, maid, fetch a wine for your mistress's friend," Miranda said quietly. 



Kate relaxed with a glass of wine and snacks. The food was always trashy but the white French Chablis was excellent. They caught up on what friends had been up to, with Miranda avidly listening. 

"So where is your puppy then?" Kate asked.

"I've put her out of the way as she'll just bother us for attention. I've had the old dog cage moved into the spare bedroom. She'll be contended to doze in there for awhile," she added, on seeing her friend's look of concern. 

"Do you remember that girl talking about a slave auction?" Miranda asked.

Kate thought for a moment. "Damn! Yes, how could I forget! I lost my job over that. The fucking girl came back as promised and distracted the boss. The two slave-girls escaped, while she kept the boss talking. It wasn't fair to blame me for what happened! I refused to take their place as her slave-girl, so she dismissed me. That's why I'm working at the 'Other Place' now. Why do you ask?" Kate asked, having a suspicion why. Her boss grew restless and eventually bored with her slaves and sold them on, so this was nothing new to Kate.

"I was wondering if they really exist, that's all," Miranda replied, trying not to look too interested.

Looking around at the puppy-girls' obvious absence, Kate nodded her head. "I can ask around if you like, at the clubs, and I know someone who comes in to the store occasionally. I'll have to be discreet; they are very secretive, for obvious reasons," Kate explained. 

"So they are real. OK. Let me know," Miranda said, in a contemplative mood.

"Thinking of putting yourself up for auction, to earn some money?" Kate teased. "OK! Its obvious why," she added, with a throaty laugh. 

"So how much do you think, I could get," Miranda asked.

"Which one of them would you put up for sale?" Kate quietly asked, while the maid was out of the room. Seeing her friend deep in thought she continued. "Depends for how long and the conditions. If it's an open ended contract without restrictions," her friend thought for a bit, then gave an estimated figure.

"That much!" Miranda whistled.

"That's just an estimate, for the woman. The girl would be more. It depends who's there and if two bidders are keen. Besides, it wouldn't be anywhere near that if you just put her up for a week or two, to give you a break. Of course, there would have to be restrictions, no tats or piercings or pain, for example. Anything you wanted to specify, to protect your slaves," Kate pointed out.



***

A couple of weeks went by before Kate phoned. "Have you changed your mind? There's an auction this Friday, I only just found out. I'll come and pick you up at seven, sharp," Kate stated briskly.

Miranda wasn't sure. Just in case, she prepared her slaves. "Mistress is going away for a couple of days, so puppy-girl is going into a special kennel," Miranda explained. 

She wanted to give her a big hug and a final loving caress but felt too guilty. She shook the feeling off. It was no good, this couldn't go on. She was the one feeling trapped. It was nice at times, but these two were so dependent upon her, she had been ensnared by her own slaves. She was young and attractive and needed a life of her own.

Of course her pet complained and whined, but she had become so well trained, so obedient, she settled down. Miranda took the same approach with slave-girl, and she too submitted to her decision. Both of them had become used to letting their mistress think for them, so there would be little difficulty. 

That night she kept them serving her without the usual sexual encounters. She was trying to distance herself from them, trying to justify the action. She wasn't getting rid of them she was passing them on to a more deserving mistress. They deserved someone older, someone who could handle the responsibility of caring for two lovely, obedient slaves. 

Miranda was determined not to cry. It was silly. She never cried. 

***

The day of the auction Miranda pointed out pet would have other puppies to play with, and she could take her favourite bowl with her. Miranda even dug out the old puppy-girl collar with her name, Susie, on it. She looked so lovely it was difficult to see puppy-girl as being older, even though slave-girl was dressed and made-up, younger than her eighteen years. Miranda stroked them both, with loving care.

Puppy-girl looked splendid when well groomed. She wore a butt plug, puppy tail, and the paw pads, to keep her in check. Miranda had also given her a sedative to calm her down. She just hoped the pet wouldn't panic and make a fuss on finding she wasn't going into a kennel for just a few days. 

Feebie was dressed in her finest cute pink dress, with plenty of girly make-up, plastering her face. More than an hour had been spent by the two them, teasing Feebie's hair into a halo around her head. The short hem and ankle socks showed off her legs and thighs. Every time she moved the pink see-through panties were flashed. 

Under the scooped top, a half-cup bra pushed her breasts up into a deep cleavage. She looked like a bubblegum slut. As though chewing gum was a hobby, and being a slut was her profession. 

They both looked gorgeous and very saleable. A tear glistened in Miranda's eye and all she could do was nod approval, unable to speak, in case she burst into tears.

***

The auction supervisor gave Geraldine papers to read through, but it was obvious she couldn't hold anything while wearing padded paws. "I'll hold them for her," Miranda suggested. While the woman was distracted she whispered to her pet. "Just sign these papers, as usual, puppy-girl," Miranda told her. 

"Now listen carefully, puppy-girl. There are lots of people who want to look after such a lovely pet, for a couple of days, so they will offer money for the privilege. You must behave yourself and not let me down. Don't whine or make a fuss, just like when we go to a club. I'll be watching out for you. This is all just another game for puppy-girl to enjoy, so don't worry your silly little head over it. OK? Just do as you are told, behave yourself, make me proud of you," Miranda firmly warned her.

"Yes mistress," Geraldine replied, in a yappy little voice. 
