 I woke around four in the morning, desperate for the loo. It took me a few moments to remember where I was; in bed with Saskia. I slipped from her sleeping embrace and, without turning on the light, went to the bathroom, picking my way through the piles of her clothes. As I sat there still half asleep, thinking about what we'd done last night, I heard movement from the bedroom.

Saskia seemed to be looking for something.

"You ok?" I called out.

She burst in, looking concerned.

"What's up, Saskia?" I said, worried for my new lover, yet embarrassed to be caught having a pee.

"I thought you'd gone!" she blurted.

"Why would I go?"

"It happened to me once before. I met a girl at a club, she came on to me and we ended up here. After we'd made love she waited half an hour and I woke to find her sneaking out. Turned out she was married, to a man, and I was just a bit of fun. When I woke to find you gone, I thought it had happened again."

"Saskia, trust me I'm not going anywhere, except back to bed with you. I just need to finish off here first!"

Moments later we were back in bed we snuggled together in a spoon position, me holding her this time. We lay still for a while, enjoying the closeness. I thought about why I was here.

Why was I here? I hadn't had any feelings like this before. I'd admired other women's figures and looks before, but in a 'checking out the competition' kind of way. With Saskia I had felt a connection as soon as I met her. This had taken me by surprise, so I had waited a while before contacting her, but, now I was here, that connection was proving very strong. Her concern made my mind up; I wanted to reassure her and, even more, I wanted her.

Propping myself up on one elbow, I began to kiss her shoulder, brushing her hair aside to kiss her neck. Her sleepy moan suggested it was enjoyable for her. Playfully I nibbled her ear. That woke her up and she started to turn over onto her back. I took advantage of her movement and began to stroke her breasts and tummy, while my lips met hers in a passionate kiss. Her body writhed beneath my caress and her legs parted invitingly.

My hand was now sweeping from her breasts to her thighs in long, slow movements, as we kissed. I was like the proverbial 'child in a sweet-shop', unsure whether to linger on her breasts, and her firm nipples, or to allow my hand to sweep down her tummy and what lay beyond there. Gradually my hand swept lower and lower, closer and closer to her pussy, which I had already noticed was shaven. I have to admit the thought of touching her there gave me mixed and confusing emotions. I wanted to do it to please my lover, but it wasn't something I had ever thought about doing before, so I was nervous. I also knew it would mean crossing a line from passive recipient to active giver, breaking a mental barrier.

As we continued kissing my hand came to rest, fingers pointing down, with my middle finger right on her lips. By pressing my index finger and ring finger down and together, then pressing my middle finger down, over and over, slowly and gently at first, then harder and faster Saskia was soon very wet and my finger was slipping between her lips easily. Her hips were pushing up in time with my fingers so I guess I was doing ok. My gentle pressing quickly became sticking one and then two fingers right into her pussy and basically finger-fucking her.

"Oh Miranda, that's so good, but ..." she paused.

"What's up?"

"Would you eat me?"

I replied instantly, "I'd like nothing more!" and meant it.

I swivelled round on my bum and lay on my side. I lifted her left leg and burrowed underneath it, my face closer to her glistening pussy than I had ever expected to find myself. I kissed her tenderly, then more passionately, my tongue flicking inside her, as I lapped her juices into my mouth as eagerly as a cat drinking a bowl of cream. With in a few minutes of licking and sucking, Saskia had joined in, rubbing her clit and she arched her back, pulled my head tightly into her crotch as I sucked her as she had a tremble-inducing orgasm.

I began to head to the bathroom but Saskia caught my hand and pulled me back onto the bed. She kissed me again, using her tongue to lick off her juices that coated my face. We hugged again and stayed that way until later that morning.

Saskia woke me with a cup of black coffee at half past ten.

"Sorry darling, but the milk has gone off."

I looked at her as she sat naked on the bed. I smiled.

"You look happy," she said.

"I am," I replied, "I've just met someone very special." I sipped my coffee. "There's just one thing worrying me."

"What's that?"

"What will my friends say if they find out? You know the minority sub-culture thing."

She frowned, and snapped, "It's the twenty-first century and you're old enough to date who you want. So you've slept with a lesbian. Big deal!"

She'd fallen for my trap. Smiling I put down my coffee and said, "Oh no they'll be fine about the whole lesbian thing. What will they say when I tell them you're a Goth!"

She put down her coffee and lunged at me. Unprepared she soon had the upper hand, spanking my bum a couple of times then tickling me until I said sorry.

We lay entwined on the bed, both panting breathlessly and smiling broadly.

We finished our coffee and planned the day. She was going to paint. I was going to do some tidying round her flat and pick up some food to restock her kitchen. I also planned to go home, change into clean clothes and break my news to Linzi.

I dressed in my jeans and a borrowed t-shirt from a pile of Saskia's clothes. It was black like most of her stuff, and bore the name of a band I'd never heard of. I sorted out the clean stuff from the dirty and put on a load of washing. In the kitchen I did the washing up and planned the shopping list. Saskia was focussed on her painting so I left her undisturbed. It was only when I got to the supermarket I realised I had no idea what she liked!

I sent a text -- 'what do u like 2 eat apart from pizza & ice cream? M x x x'

Her reply wasn't helpful -- 'you!'

I bought a few simple basics to make spag bol, picked up some bread, milk, cold meat, cheese, fresh fruit and a pizza for the freezer. She was still concentrating when I got back from the supermarket. I made her a sandwich and a coffee for lunch.

I placed the lunch down beside her and greeted her with a kiss. She ate distractedly, in between adding detail to the painting. Having arranged to cook for us, before going out to a pub that evening, I slipped away into the lounge and had a quick tidy. I'm not OCD or anything; I just prefer neatness to clutter. Putting away one CD took ages, as Saskia apparently had the habit of putting the CD she'd taken out of the player into the case for the one she was putting in. I'd never heard of any of the bands. I realised how little I knew about Saskia,

That afternoon I went home. Linzi was watching a DVD.

"You slept with her then?" she asked without looking up.

"Yes and it was fucking amazing!" I replied, "You ought to try it!" I added with a laugh.

"No way! I like a big cock to play with." She retorted. "Seriously, Miranda though, you enjoyed it?"

"Yes, very much."

"Then I'm getting a lock fitted to my bedroom door," she joked.

I packed a few things for the evening and returned to Saskia's. She was still painting, but promised she just wanted a few more minutes.

Eventually she emerged and announced that she wanted a bath. I prepared a few things for dinner, while she ran the bath and got in. Then I quickly stripped and went into the bathroom.

Saskia was sitting at one end of the bath, splashing water over her face.

"Room for one more?" I asked.

"Of course!"

I stepped into the bath and sat facing her, each of us with one leg each side of the other.

"Can I ask a favour?" I asked.

"Anything you like."

"Would you help me shave off my pubes? They're trimmed, but I want to be shaven..." I blushed before adding shyly, "like you."

"I'll help on one condition. I get to taste the results!"

"That's fine by me."

She lifted my feet and placed one on each side of the bath. It wasn't very full yet and Saskia reached behind me and turned off the water.

"Don't worry, I'll be gentle."

She took a can of shaving foam and squirted a generous hand full, which she began to rub over my pussy. Teasingly she allowed her fingers to rub between my lips, briefly finding my clit. Our eyes met; her look said that it would be her tongue in a few minutes. She brought the razor down and began to shave away my hair.

It was a miracle that I managed to stay still enough not to get nicked by the razor. Her nimble, artists fingers, delicately moved my skin this way and that, each touch delightful and followed by a precise sweep of the razor. I bit my lip, it was almost too much as she pulled and tugged at my most sensitive regions. Saskia cupped her hand and poured warm water directly onto the recently shaved area to rinse the hairs away.

"All done," she said, her hand rubbing the skin with affection. "Smooth as silk."

Instinctively we moved closer and kissed.

"Thank you" I said.

"My pleasure," she replied.

I took a handful of shower gel and smoothed the suds over her shoulders, the all round her breasts, not quite as big as mine but firm with big nipples. She sighed contentedly as I spread the lather down her belly, my hands going under the water to wash her legs. I brushed my fingertips teasingly across her pussy lips. She took my wrist and placed it there more firmly. I wiggled my fingers then took my hand away.

"Later, I promise," I said. "Right now I've got dinner to fix, then you're taking me out remember?"

"Tease!" she said letting me out of the bath.

I dried myself with a towel, then wearing just a t-shirt, one of mine this time so it was pink not black, went into the kitchen. The pasta was boiling and I was adding some seasoning to the bolognaise sauce, when Saskia joined me, wrapped in her towel, putting her arms round my waist and resting her head on my shoulder. She started to kiss my neck. Her right hand wandered down my tummy and soon she was teasing my pussy lips apart. I turned the cooker off.

"Forget the food; I want you, right now!" I groaned.

Her towel fell to the floor, I stripped off my t-shirt. We staggered, locked in a passionate kiss out of the kitchen, across the corridor into the bedroom, where we fell onto the bed. After a few moments of fumbling Saskia had positioned herself with her pussy within licking distance of my tongue and I grabbed he bum and pulled her towards me.

I began to finger and kiss and lick and suck her naked, wet pussy; it was a frenzied, passionate assault. I couldn't give a blow by blow account if you offered me a case full of money. I can remember pumping two and then three fingers in and out of her cunt, while inches away I was sucking her clit into my mouth, then pulling my fingers out and poking my tongue in as far as I could, while she rubbed her clit. I know I moved her hand away and renewed my tongue love affair with her clit, her very sensitive clit. She stiffened; back arched, hand pulling my face into her wet pussy while she had her orgasm

Then it was my turn again. My pussy was very sensitive after being shaved, I can remember her tongue working its way inside me, licking me feverishly and I can remember her gently biting my clit.. She also decided to finger fuck me and, at one point, she put her wet fingers along my bum crack, but mostly she worked her magic on my clit with her tongue.

What I remember most was the shuddering orgasm this all produced. Wave after wave, the trembling shook my whole body, not just once of even twice, but over and over again.

Dinner was ruined.

Congealed pasta went into the bin, followed by the cold and half cooked sauce. We got dressed and went to the pub instead.

It was, unsurprisingly a gay pub. Inside it was already quite busy with mostly same sex groups. Saskia lead us to a table where a couple of women were already sitting. We joined them at the table. Saskia introduced them as Kate and Tara. We exchanged greetings and Saskia went to the bar to buy a round of drinks.

Kate looked at me. "So you're Saskia's latest conquest?"

"Conquest?" I replied.

"Tara was two before me and I was the most recent one; until you." Kate went on, "She doesn't really do commitment, more like passionate flings."

"But totally worth it while it lasts," added Tara.

They explained that Saskia's record, so far as they knew was just 3 ½ weeks. Saskia returned and happily agreed.

"I get bored easily. So sue me."

What amazed me was that they were all still so amicable.

"We're a kind of support group," laughed Kate.

"With a growing membership," added Tara

In the end I didn't get close to her record. During the Art show, where she was selling her paintings of me I noticed her chatting intimately with a prospective buyer. The evening after the show, back at her flat, she seemed curiously uninterested in my advances and we had a little row about me moving and tidying up her CD collection.

Forewarned is forearmed. I didn't want to spoil the good memories. I kissed her and stood up.

"Saskia, thanks for everything, I think its time for me to move on." I said slightly sadly.

She stood up and we hugged and kissed briefly.

"It was good while it lasted, Gorgeous."

"Better than good, Saskia, it was great."

I left, with something I'd heard once about candles that burn twice as brightly lasting half as long running through my head.

The next day I got a text from Tara.

"Heard the news. Fancy a drink or three?"

I typed three letters "Yes" then paused. Did I really want to start something with another girl?

'Why not? I thought and pressed send...