 It never used to be like this. I never felt this way before I got to school. It all started by chance anyway...

I had been showering in the shared bathroom at my dorm for almost a week before I noticed the mistake. Whoever had designed the shower room had either been a complete moron or a total horn ball. It hardly matters. As I was rinsing my hair I happened to open my eyes and look at the ceiling. The tiles up there were a dark navy blue which made the entire ceiling into a giant mirror. I could see myself looking back down into my own eyes. As I looked around the ceiling I could see another girl just coming into the shower room. Safe behind my curtain, she never suspected that I watched her take off her robe and stand naked while she waited for the water to warm up. 

She had dark hair and a nice body. Just before she got into the shower, she pressed her palms against her back and leaned back to crack it. I got a perfect view of her then. Her breasts were small, but very nicely shaped. Her nipples were hard and I felt my crotch go damp. I had never even thought about women in that way before, but my voyeristic discovery was a big turn-on. I stayed in the shower a long time that day, watching this girl bathe herself. When she began to shave her bikini line, I couldn’t resist touching myself.

After that, I began to look forward to my showers as the best part of every day. I saw girls of all kinds. I watched them touch themselves all over while they washed. I watched them shave their legs. One girl shaved her whole pussy once while I watched. One lucky weekend, I was in the shower, and a girl snuck in her boyfriend. They clung to each other under the spray while I watched. Eventually, he turned her around and fucked her like I had only seen on the Spice Channel. I masturbated furiously while he pumped her so hard I could hear their skin slapping together. He had to hold a hand over her mouth when she started to come because she almost screamed. Shortly after that, he pulled out of her and sprayed his come all over her ass. I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out as I came with him. 

A few weeks later, I was doing my usual voyeristic watching while I stroked myself closer and closer to orgasm. I closed my eyes briefly to imagine the fucking couple I had seen so recently. I could see him grabbing her hips and slamming her ass back into his pelvis. Sometimes I could picture myself on my knees in front of her, licking her clit as he fucked her. I opened my eyes again and scanned the ceiling for inspiration. Suddenly my eyes met the reflection of another girl’s. She was leaned against the wall just as I was, masturbating like me. We both froze and looked away immediately. 

I tried to hurry along with my washing routine, aching to get out before she did. However, I couldn’t help but look up again in a few minutes--it really had me turned on to get caught. She was the only other girl in the shower. Her eyes met mine again, and I whipped my head down. Oh, god, I was horny. I wanted to finish myself off, but I knew I couldn’t get away with it. I glanced up carefully, and to my horror, she wasn’t in her shower stall anymore. I watched her reflection as she walked stark naked down the row of stalls toward my own. Her body was gorgeous from what I could see, and I was just as horny as I was nervous.

The curtain on my shower opened then, and there she stood. Her dark blond hair was wet, and clinging to her neck. She had the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen with nipples fully errect in the cool air. They were dark pink and pointed straight out at me. She was thin, but not too thin. Her pubic hair was trimmed short and shaved into a small patch just above her clit.

“Looking at something?” she asked me.

“I, uh, sorry,” I stammered.

“Why?” she asked then, and before I could answer, she had stepped into the small stall with me and closed the curtain behind her. My pussy was aching with desire being so close to this gorgeous, naked woman. “You look horny,” she observed.

“I--” I tried to say something, but I couldn’t. She put a finger against her lips.

“Don’t worry, so am I. And I want you to make me feel better.”

“How?” I asked, my pussy releasing a new flood of juices.

“Do me.” was all she answered. She reached a hand forward and slipped it between my legs. I moaned gently. She made an approving sound as she pulled back her hand, soaked with my juices. Then suddenly, she was all over me. Her mouth clamped onto mine and she thrust her tongue in my mouth. One of her hands grabbed my right breast and squeezed. Then her thumb was rubbing my nipple. The other hand grabbed my ass and thrust my pelvis toward hers. Our swollen pussies touched and I shuddered with excitment. She moved back and I opened my mouth to protest until she sucked my left breast into her mouth. Her tongue teased my nipple and I had to react. I reached down and slipped a hand between her legs. I rubbed her clit furiously while she suckled me like no man ever had. Soon she was on the other breast and I clutched her beautiful chest. Her breasts felt so good in my hand I almost came right there. I bent my head to suckle her nipples like she was doing to me. The feeling was amazing. I never wanted to stop, but she pulled my head up and, giving me an impish smile, dropped to her knees before me. When her tongue stroked my pussy for the first time, my body jerked. She reached up and grasped my hips firmly, tilting them to get better access to my dripping cunt. Her tongue was more skilled than any man's. She licked me, nibbled my lips and pressed the warm velvet of her tongue against my clit. I was quaking with arousal, gasping for breath. I had never felt so good. Then, she closed her lips around my clit like I had a cock there instead. She sucked me off, hard and without mercy. After I was finally released from the orgasm my knees buckled and I fell to her level. She got up and eagerly offered me her pussy to devour. And suddenly I wanted to do it more than anything in the world. I buried my face in her pussy, sucking her lips and flicking her clit with my tongue while my hands pleasured themselves on her breasts. I pulled one hand down to finger her hole while I ate her out. Soon, I felt her body thrusting to orgasm. I followed her lead and sucked her clit like it was the best cock I had ever had. She juiced all over my hand and chin, squeezing the fingers I had deep inside her. And after it was all over, she just left. She walked out of the shower and gathered her towels. 

Lucky for me, she came back the next day....