 Author's note. This is a fictitious story, but written in first person about finding a lesbian lover while on the road on assignment.

*****

I'm Janie Hazzard and I'm a lesbian on a work assignment away from my soulmate. This is a story where I misread some signals and what happened.

I work for one of the big four accounting companies. In particular, I do technical analysis and consulting for cyber security for our clients (and, shall I say, I am well paid to do that). Frequently I can do things out of my Minneapolis office, but there are times when I have to do longer on-site analysis. When I'm in Minneapolis, I have my girlfriend/wife/soulmate of ten plus years, Anne. Anne knows that when I'm on assignment that if I get lonely and if the time is going to be longer, she allows me to have a girlfriend for that location. 

Maybe at another time, I can talk about how I became a lesbian. 

But, I digress. I wanted to share with my readers about a work assignment in upstate New York. 

I was working with a client in upstate New York. The client was maybe a name you have heard of, but if I asked you to name four companies (or even one company) in this field, you'd be hard pressed to identify. It was hard to get to Plattsburgh New York. From Minneapolis I had to fly into Burlington Vermont, rent a car, drive north around Lake Champlain and south to Plattsburgh. Yes, I could go back to Minneapolis occasionally (and to Anne's loving arms); but from my assignment, getting back to Minnesota wasn't easy. I had to drive to Burlington Vermont, then to a hub (generally one of the New York airports) and back to Minnesota. It was an all day arrangement on the best of days, and you throw in bad weather, flight schedule changes, mechanical delays and just bad luck and the one day could become two days. I was going to be in this location for about six months. There were a couple of longer weekends involved (Fourth of July and Labor Day), but even then I was going to stay put. And, the amount of travel to get back to Minnesota for the Fourth of July and for Labor Day just wasn't worth it for me.

The first few weeks went well, there was enough scenery and trips around the Adirondacks, Lake Champlain, into Vermont and even north to the St. Lawrence River area and southern Ontario and the thousand islands. But, hey after four weeks, a girl can get horny.

Yes, I can self pleasure (masturbate) quite nicely; candles, some incense, sexy music, and deep breast and body massage. Give me an hour and I can really make a great self pleasure events. But there are times when a person wants another person (or in my case, a woman wants a woman). When I started to think about having a new relationship and a new friend, my mind and my tongue go crazy. My mind because building a relationship is a lot more than just having a new sex partner (with almost any town I can find a willing female for a one-night stand pretty easily); and my tongue really, really wanted to enjoy good sexual juices. 

While I love eating pussy, over the years I have found that every women is just a little different (hey, even the same woman like Anne can taste different on two different days). Anne and I did a Facetime session once a week (generally late on Sunday night) and generally worked to a joint masturbation over our iPhones. And Anne loved to peer into my purplish vulva as I fingered myself. Okay, maybe I also liked to look at her pinkish pussy too when she got excited. That Anne is really one sexy and exciting woman. How I miss her on such trips. I suppose it might be like a man on a business trip missing his wife, but it really is more than that. Anne and I are true soul mates. Even our talks about broccoli as compared to kale somehow seem to be sex talk. 

I had already been here for one month, but I had six months to go and I wanted a woman whom I could share with, even just hug, hold hands in the movie, or just share a cup of coffee or a sip of wine together - or one that we could have hot, torrid sex together!

So, I turned on my women's intuition, trying to find a relationship. I made a list of those women at this company I had met in my first month - and crossed out those that I was pretty sure that were in a monogamous relationship. It really wasn't hard up here in the north woods. The plant made various transportation items, so even though there were some women in the shop, most of the women were in office related jobs. I had three names on my list.

At the top of my short list was Wendy Collier. Wendy was the manager of the marketing department. A little on the shy side, I thought she might be open to a lesbian relationship. I did need to get some input from the marketing department on cyber security for online transactions and found Wendy's office. 

Okay - big mistake. On her desk was a picture of her with a man and two what looked like teenage kids. In our casual conversation I asked if that was her family. She didn't wear a wedding ring, but the man in the picture was her husband of 19 years serving in the Pentagon as a mideastern analyst. She indicated that he would reach the number of years for full military retirement in less than a year and then the family would be together. 

I didn't ask about the missing wedding ring - maybe it was in the shop to get the diamond rest. She didn't seem to suspect that I was on the prowl for a lover (and although I had had married women in my bed from time to time), it was going to take time and effort to build a relationship. And I just knew it wasn't going to be the right match.

'- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Number two was Danielle Ward. Danielle was was also in the marketing department (but about three levels under Wendy). This one was almost too easy. 

As I was interviewing her about her cyber security needs and potential weak areas, about an hour in, she asked me wide-eyed: "Are you a lesbian?" 

Fortunately we were in a conference room with a closed door (but open glass windows) so the rest of the floor didn't hear us. "Yes I am" I was glad to say. 

We talked more and arranged a tryst at my apartment about 7:00 the next night. (For longer assignments like this, my company did arrange for an apartment).

Danielle was early - and eager. She had worn a low cut top that accented her breasts; and short shorts. Her plump bottom was just a little too much for the short shots. I could see VPL - visible pantie lines as she entered my apartment and I could almost smell her excitement as I let her in. Immediately she hugged me. Okay, the image I got was that she was impressed that a big time lesbian from Minneapolis was going to have sex with her (which I did) and this was going to be one of the highlights of her very common life for the year. 

I tried to get us to talk a few minutes. I had a red wine, a white wine, beer and margarita mix - just trying to cover the alcoholic and relaxing bases. She let me pick and I poured about ½ glass of red wine into two cups. 

I tried to sip my wine, but she was asking a thousand questions (okay, maybe more like 25). 'When was my first time with a woman?'; 'Had I slept with a man?' (answer no); 'Did I have a regular lover?'; and similar. She was sitting next to me on the sofa and kept inching closer to me. Her hands were sliding up my leg.

I asked "Would you like to go to bed?"

She really didn't need to answer that, it was obvious, but she panted out "YES".

So, I gave her what she wanted - an exciting romp with a 'big lesbian visitor from a big accounting company' who had been around the world descending on little Plattsburgh NY to enlighten and enjoy Danielle. 

For me the romp was not quite what I wanted, but for Danielle it was everything she wanted and more. I tried to made sure we had enough foreplay (mostly to get myself wet, since I think she had been wet from fingering herself in her car on the way to my apartment) although she wanted to skip that. She did have nice, firm breasts and I knew a lot of moves to excite her - and they did. Little nibbles on her areolas, sucking her nice breasts (I'm sure she reached her first orgasm from that activity), loving her whole body and finally getting to pulling her wet panties off to show off her dripping pussy and her abundant ass. Her pussy was covered with black hair, really quite a bush. She wanted me so much. While I might have had more foreplay with Anne, and taken more time, Danielle spread her legs to find her pussy. I got a good look there. Her outer lips were about 8 centimeters long or just over 3 inches. I slowly circled her lips with my tongue. 

Danielle was moaning "That feels SO good." 

I put a finger into her vagina, also circling slowly. But, I knew her sweet spot, her clitoris and wanted to go slow on that delicate organ with just a light touch and then with my lips and finally sucked on it gently and then more firmly. Danielle lifted her ass off the bed and arched her back to get her clitoris closer to me. 

She cried out "I'm cumming" and she was.

Her 'perfume' was totally delicious and I drank her up like a thirsty sailor just reaching the first bar at the port. 

We might have ended there, but almost like an afterthought on her part after several orgasms, she remembered her manners and descending to my vagina. Unlike Danielle, I regularly shave my pubic hair. I find it cleaner (and less getting the old hair in my partner's mouth). She found my clitoris quickly and sucked me to a climax. 

I also tried to keep her happy with some moans of my own (okay, I did enjoy the experience) and let her know when I announced loudly "I'm cumming too".

She excused herself after some post sex small talk. If I had an 8" by 10" framed glossy picture of myself that she could frame, I think she would love it. 

I thought that if I was her, this would be a highlight to my year. I also thought, if I was 15 to 20 years younger, we could have a relationship. I'd keep her name for the times I was real horny, not for the times when I wanted a soulmate companion. 

'- - - - - - - - - - - 

Stacey Phelps was number 3 on my list, but that was a weak number 3. I really didn't know her that well. 

Stacey was about five years older than I am (so, about 48 to 50); had been with the company for about 20 years; and was the assistant accountant (with only one person, Grayson Bryan above her on the organization chart). She was single and from what I had heard had always been single. This company had its main headquarters in Montreal, but Stacey had moved to Plattsburgh 18 years ago and had become a US Citizen in that time. 

I had made an appointment to interview her for the cyber security project. Accounting was an area that really needed to be secure. In my email introduction to the project that I sent to her, I suggested a casual lunch meeting in the company cafeteria before our formal meeting. 

I had hoped lunch might be a time we could meet each other, talking, share some experiences, and maybe find out about Stacey's sexual orientation. It wasn't such a time.

I got a little of her background, education and work history; and she got my background and work history as mine. I did mention my relationship with Anne, but that didn't not raise eyebrows or prompt her for more questions or clarification. She wanted to know about my cybersecurity certifications, my experience in cyber security, any conferences or papers (and I did have both in my company's annual technical conference). She seemed happy at my answers, and then started on technical questions like types of encryption I favored; two party authentication, DDOS (direct denial of service), insider security problems, and more. I thought I was being interviewed for director security at the company (a position that was open by-the-way). Any signals I send got a 'return to sender' notice.

Stacey had her hair pulled back in kind of a harsh look. She was about my height, but her body was like the proverbial brick outhouse. I noticed as we got to her office a tan gym bag. On her office wall were pictures of family (or so I guessed), and pictures of her in a marathon race. I guessed she went to work out at a local gym after work. Her fanny was firm (or at least from what I could see). Her blouse was buttoned up to the top button, so no cleavage showed. Trying to peer at her breasts was tough. She didn't seem to have anything much but a firm strong body.

The work interviews we started at lunch, continued in her office - with the door shut (but, of course, with glass windows overlooking the accounting department). I had a list of questions about current procedures and processes for security within the company. I had added more questions because of the multinational aspects of the company, since I was strong in U.S. cybersecurity but wasn't quite as strong on Canadian security. Stacey answered my questions and asked many in return like the latest VPN standards. I checked on the frequency of security tests and security audits. 

By the end of our meeting, my notepad was full, but my human spirit was empty. Yes, I guess there was a reason Stacey was #3 out of 3 on my short list and this interview proved it. Not that it wasn't a productive meeting as far as the project went. I knew jobwise that this interview was the crucial one for doing my analysis and working with management to implement stronger security measures - which, if you will, was my purpose in being in Plattsburgh. 

My sexual urges didn't not pay my bill, my accounting, security and analytical skills brought me that nice six figure plus income. I had struck out with Stacey and of my three short list options, only one was even possible. She was a closed book, and probably just an old maid.

I tried periodically to signal Stacey that I'd like a relationship with her and the subject was ignored or changed. Oh well, woman's intuition doesn't always work I guess.

I had many post interview interactions with Stacey. She was my prime collaborator on the project. I had written up my interview notes and sent them to her. She had some edits and suggestions. We worked very closely for the next two months crafting the best solution and making our analysis stronger. 

One of Stacey's coworkers had a boat on Lake Champlain and she arranged for us to be invited for a social gathering there. She also made sure I got to see Lake Placid, which had been home to the Winter Olympics (including the famous 'Miracle on Ice' where the US men upset the favored Russian hockey team in 1980). But the 'steel woman' as I was calling her in my mind, was a pleasant, smart and focused women, but sexually closed and locked up. Her job definitely came first. 

The months stretched out and our project was going quite well and was heading for completion, on time (or even early), on budget (or even under budget). 

With about two months left on my assignment, Stacey sent me an email note in late September. It was the prime weekend for 'leaf peeping' in upstate New York and Vermont. She was going to take Friday off plus the weekend and would I like to join her on this sightseeing trip to see the beautiful fall colors on the mountains and hillsides. I requested the day off and was granted it as well. WIth my prime company contact with me, we might even talk about the project on this trip. Oh well, they were paying me well, plus I had heard the scenery was awesome.

I was getting used to the humdrum life of Plattsburgh New York. Danielle and I had sex twice more, and I tried to find a soulmate relationship in the larger town of Burlington Vermont. But, although the project was very successful and was thought to benefit the company greatly (and make them compliant with various state and federal laws on cybersecurity), my sex life just needed to get back to Minneapolis.

Stacey seemed more talkative on this trip as compared to previous times. She indicated that she had lined up the motels and route we'd follow.. She was really a nice person and if it wasn't that sex was so much a part of my life, she could have been one of my best friends. With fall coming to the northern tier of states, we stopped for our dinner and our motel about 6:00 on that Friday night. The day had been full of beauty. We even had taken a side hike on the Long Trail, an extension of the Appalachian Trail for about two hours.

I was very surprised when we took a table at the back of the room on the little country diner near Montpelier Vermont (one of the smallest state capitols in the US). I was more surprised when instead of sitting opposite of me, like we had so many times, she wanted to sit next to me. I was even more surprised when she slid her hand under the table and onto my knee and then up my leg. I looked at her, shocked, and she was smiling and had a twinkle in her eye. 

She whispered "I think we can finally relax tonight". 

Her hand snaked up her leg and stopped on my crotch. 

She continued "I think you know what I mean" with a wink as she rubbed my crotch. 

My heart was racing - maybe this was my soulmate for this trip. She leaned into me and gave me a kiss that had no hidden meanings. She wanted me - mentally and sexually. I kissed her back about the time our server arrived to take our order. 

After the server took our order and left the table, Stacey leaned to me and whispered "I hope I didn't make a mistake. I only booked ONE room tonight and that with only ONE bed. We might have to sleep together." 

I whispered back "I guessing we won't be doing much sleeping tonight anyway."

We kissed again and my hand found her crotch, which was started to be damp. "Oh my" she whispered in my ear "I think I might be getting aroused". 

She slid her hand back to my crotch over my jeans, and added "I think you might be aroused too". 

It took almost all that I had to stay at the restaurant instead of heading to the motel and sex with my new soulmate. The server had to clear his throat to separate us from kissing when he brought the bill. Stacey got and paid it (and I'm pretty such gave that server a nice tip).

The motel Stacey had booked was next to the restaurant. Stacey had wanted to surprise me without tipping off that we had a single room for the night, so we did dinner first. 

We got our room keys and went to the room. We didn't bring up our suitcases, we wouldn't need them for a while. 

Closely the door and enveloping each other in our arms, Stacey giggled. "I knew you wanted me from that first lunch where you talked about you and Anna. I knew that if we were going to get this project done, I had to remain on task instead of becoming lovers. It was tough since I wanted you too - so very much!!"

She slowly took off my clothes except for my pink bikini panties and white bra. If I had anticipated this, I would have matched them up better. I've been blessed with full breasts at 38D. 

I did the same for her, but she was ready. She had Victoria Secret black lacy panties and a matching black 38C bra. The panties also glistened with her fluids. Her body was as firm as I expected it to be. She did make good use of the gym. 

I was so horny, but I knew that I wanted to take it slow and drink in Stacey's loveliness. Foreplay was so sensuous, we nibbled around each other's bodies. We kissed, hugged, touched and excited each other. I rubbed her firm ass through her panties. She must do regular exercise to keep this tight. 

At the point when I was just about ready to take off my clothes and demand that she fuck me, she unhook my bra and slid my soaking wet panties off of me. (A quick comment - she stopped to smell them first and proclaimed that I passed her 'smell test').  

I did the same to her bra and delectable panties, and likewise, did the smell test on her black Victoria Secret panties. Her pussy was trimmed nicely, dark brown public hair, but well managed and taken care of.
