 Ashley's POV;

I had changed back into my clothes and was walking out of the changing room when a girl pulled the curtains of her section aside. 

"How am I looking?" She asked excitedly, looking down at her black piece lingerie. "Will Tom like it?"

She looked up at me and her eyes widened. 

I didn't recognise her at first. But that red hair struck close. She was a curvy girl, thick thighs and big breasts. A big ass too, as I could see in the mirror of the room she just came out of. Her red hair fell down her creamy shoulders in subtle waves and reached her mid waist. I had seen her before, but I couldn't place exactly where.

"Miss Ashley," she breathed out nervously, and I finally recognised her. "I'm so sorry, I thought it was my friend." 

Oh, Savannah. I never noticed how tempting you were under those clothes. 

She was a senior in the school I taught in. She even had a class with me this year, that's why I knew the red hair. She was the girl who always dressed up in black and kept unusually quiet, sitting in the back of my class. Her grades were great, that's why I never bothered her. Moreover, I had certainly not expected her to see lingerie shopping.

"It's okay, Savannah," I gave her an easy smile, not able to control myself. My gaze kept slipping off her eyes down to her breasts. She looked luscious in that bra. It was all lace and teasing, a small black flower was woven beautifully into the lace that covered her nipples. Her panties were the same, her white skin showing through the translucent fabric with a peek of some red pubic hair. 

"It looks nice if you're looking for some advice on your outfit," I said. Or well, the lack of outfit. 

"Thanks," she whispered and blinked. I noticed she had dulcet green eyes. 

She was frozen in her spot, not eager to rush back behind those pink satin curtains. It was strange. She didn't even make any efforts to cover herself up like any other ordinary person in this situation would have. It wasn't like I wanted her to, anyway. She looked delicious. 

I willed myself to move my feet. I knew if I stayed any longer, anything could happen. I could feel my insides turning with desire, images of her lying in my bed in the same lingerie already filling my head. 

"See you in school, Savannah," I said curtly before I walked out. 

Suddenly, I was able to breathe and all the tension slipped away. But that night, I lay in bed thinking of my student. Biting on those creamy shoulders, kissing her everywhere, tasting her juices as she arched against my mouth. How come I had never noticed her before?

I came twice in the shower before I willed myself to sleep. School tomorrow was going to be awful.

-

I never put much into my look on the usual days. I just wrapped my black hair into a ponytail and applied light makeup to cover up those stubborn dark circles. I usually wore a shirt and jeans, not caring much for the uniform code. But today, as I looked in the mirror, I looked a better version of my 28-year-old self.

My shirt stretched about my average breasts suggestively, and my skirt was snug around my legs. I wore three-inch heels just to enunciate how I was still in a good shape. I usually didn;t bother with heels because I didn't need them. I was tall enough. But the skirt fit me perfectly and those heels just helped my case. 

As I drove to the school, I didn't believe what I was doing. Thinking of seducing a student and potentially losing my job? She was an adult and soon off to college, I was aware. But she was still my student. 

Fuck it.

The images of her clad in just a lingerie filled my vision. She looked so biteable, so ready to be tamed that I couldn't help myself look forward to seeing her and imagine a little rendezvous in the janitor's closet where half of the school had probably hooked up. 

I imagined pulling her into the small space and turning her around so she couldn't tell who it was. I would then hold her against the wall and slip my hand around her mouth. She would let out obscure pleas against my skin for me to stop, but I won't. My other hand would hastily undo her jeans and slip my fingers down those soiled lacy panties, making her moan into my hand and finally surrender to my touch. 

A whistle brought me to my senses. A boy sitting just beside Savannah let out the noise, making everyone laugh. I gave him a detention slip but rejoiced a little when he announced it was totally worth it as long as he got my attention.

Too bad, boy, I played for the other team.

I hoped Savannah did too as I noticed her eyes on me quite often. All the students were looking at me as I continued talking about the surprise quiz, but Savannah was looking at me a lot differently. While other students were looking at me just because I was their teacher, her gaze seemed intense. She quickly looked anywhere as soon as I caught her. She was nervous, I could see. 

"All right class," I announced as soon as the bell rang, "Do prepare for this quiz. Your grades matter a lot this year." 

"Miss Ashley," I heard a soft sound as students started rushing out of the room. I recognised in an instant. 

"Yes, Savannah?" I asked, seemingly oblivious to how she nervously played with her hands. 

"I'm really worried about this quiz," she said, looking down at her feet.

"Hey, sit down," I told her, feeling something was wrong. She sat on a chair and I walked to her. I maintained my distance, not wanting those wild thoughts about her to appear again. What if I acted on them? On school premises? 

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I'm finding this class a bit difficult," she confessed. It didn't make any sense. She was a perfect student.

"Your grades are good," I told her reassuringly. "You're the last person I'd expect to fret over a small quiz."

"You don't understand Miss," she said, biting her lip. "My parents are fighting a lot these days."

"Oh," I nodded, not knowing what to say. She should've gone with this to the counsellor, I suppose, but I couldn't really turn her down. She was opening up to me, not in a way I had hoped for, but it was fine with me, I surprisingly realised.

"I can't concentrate on anything. It's never quiet at home anymore," she said, her eyes gleaming innocently. "I've been staying at my friend's place the whole week. But I don't think her parents are okay with it."

I wanted to kiss the life out of her in that moment, bend her over the desk and bury my hand in her cunt so deep that she forgot all the things she ever worried about. Even though she had a boyfriend, that Tom. 

But she wasn't looking at him for help, was she? 

"I can definitely help you with the quiz," I offered, standing next to her and putting my hand on her shoulder, rubbing my hand on the soft skin of her neck. 

"Will you?" She asked, looking up at me. Something turned inside me delightfully when she leaned into my touch.

I wasn't into thick girls, I realised in that moment, but Savannah was a different kind of hot. Hair like fire, and body so full and tempting. Spending a night between her legs would be bliss. 

"Sure, if you want," I said and I bent down to kiss her. 

I didn't know what took over me, but whatever it was had lost all its rationality. Anyone could walk in that door any moment, but I didn't care enough to stop. I just moved my lips against hers slowly.

Her lips were full and soft against mine. I had imagined them to be this way, but actually feeling them against mine was surreal. The fact that she still hadn't pushed me away was absolutely fucking unbelievable. 

I pulled back to look at her. Her eyes were closed and her hands gripped my shirt. Out of repulse or want, I didn't know.

"At least lock the door," she whispered after a moment. 

My heart lunged. She wanted me back. I kissed her again out of want, roughly this time. And she kissed me back with equal fervour, her hands on my shoulders. 

Suddenly, she pushed me away and strode to the door. She turned and looked at me, her tongue snaking her lips. Then she walked out. It was so fucking hot.

I followed her because she wanted me to. Her eyes did all the talk. The hallways were empty now, students already in their classes. So no one noticed us slipping into the bathroom. 

She entered a cubicle and I walked right behind, locking the door. Next, she was opening the buttons of my shirt with deft fingers.

I raised my hand to pull her long hair out of the ponytail. Then I ran my hand through it and buried my nose in her neck. She smelt heavenly. 

"Miss Ashley," she moaned, pushing all of her hair to one shoulder and baring her neck to me. I kissed her jaw and proceeded down to her collarbones, nibbling on her skin at little roughly. She was breathing hard now, her hands roaming my back. She tried unhooking my bra underneath the shirt but I pried her hand away.

"Easy now, Savannah," I said into her ear. The hair at the back of her neck rose, giving me delicious satisfaction of how much effect I had on her. 

"I'm sorry, I don't do this often," she said, sounding embarrassed. 

"What about Tom?" I asked, recalling her boyfriend.

"I don't want him anymore," she replied, looking straight into my eyes. She pulled me closer by my collar, her full breasts touching mine. Exactly then I resolved to make her cum at least once before the final bell rang. 

I kissed her and pushed her against the wall. She offered me her tongue and I tasted it thoroughly, breathing her in as if my life depended on it, only to break off to undo the button of her jeans. 

"I want to taste you," I whispered to her when she whimpered in need. "We don't have time for foreplay, darling."

She nodded as I went down on my knees. I pulled down her jeans, only to find crisp blue panties instead of the black lace ones. 

"Next time," I looked up at her as she panted in anticipation, "you wear that damn lingerie."

She grinned and playfully arched her waist at me, inviting me for a feast. I pulled down her panties and threw them in the corner with her pants. She was surprisingly bare down there, no hair. It had been there in the store, bright against her skin. It only meant that she had caught me looking down her crotch and had prepared herself for me. 

Hunger rose in my stomach as I kissed the smooth skin just above her clitoris, holding her close to me by her round ass. She gasped and kneaded at her breasts in frustration. I felt myself getting unbelievably wet at the sight. 

Slowly, my tongue reached to lap at her. Her clit was hard as I took it in my mouth, lightly grazing teeth over it. 

"Oh yes," she breathed out.

I held her thighs apart for better access, but she kept pushing them back together when I applied pressure to her pussy. I grabbed her knee and placed her foot on the closed toilet seat, spreading her completely open before me. 

"I feel oddly exposed," she remarked. But before she could continue with her yammering, I touched her with my mouth again. She shut her mouth instantly and bit her lip to keep herself from shouting. I kept tasting her cunt and just like I had imagined, I loved the taste of her in my mouth. 

I ran my tongue down her slit, taking and giving all I could, making her jerk. Her knees had just started trembling as she reached her high when we heard the bathroom door opening. 

We both froze. Someone was in there with us. 

The girl entered the cubicle next to ours. I could see her feet. Then a wild idea struck me. 

"Don't you dare," Savannah mouthed at me as if she saw the plan in my eyes. I grinned at her and put a finger to my lips, warning her to stay quiet. 

I dragged the same finger down from her knee to the inside of her thighs painfully slow. Then I ran it along her cunt and entered her without any warning. She clenched wildly around my finger but kept her mouth closed as the girl beside us exited her cubicle.

I moved my mouth back to her clit and bit hard. Savannah whimpered but the girl didn't notice it over the sounds of water running as she washed her hands. I smiled against her soft skin and continued working on her with my mouth as well as my finger. She started panting as soon as that girl walked out. She might even have cursed at me for putting us in such a position. But she forgot about it pretty soon.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," she moaned, rubbing her breasts together. 

I added another finger into her hot cunt and moved them roughly against her slick walls. Fuck, she was so responsive. And she was so soft. She trembled wildly as she reached her high again, tightening around my fingers and letting her juices out. This time, no one interrupted us and she climaxed hard down my fingers and into my mouth. 

I wiped my lips with the back of my hand as I stood up. Savannah was sitting on the toilet seat, breathing hard. I buttoned my shirt and ran my hands down to ease out the creases while she reeled from her high. 

"Fuck," she said finally. "What if that girl found us?"

I shrugged and unlocked the door, walking out to wash my hands and to correct my dishevelled hair. I saw her opened legs in the mirror, her pussy pink and throbbing. She caught me looking and immediately cleaned herself and put on her clothes. 

We both stood alongside, fixing ourselves. The bell still hadn't rung.

"Miss Ashley," she said after a minute. But I kissed her and shut her up with my hand under her black tee.

"Be at my house tomorrow evening and wear that damn lingerie. I'll show you some real fun things," I told her as I kissed her roughly, pulling her lower lip between my teeth. 

I stood back and admired her as she punched her number into my phone, and then I forwarded her my address. 

"This was much better than the janitor's closet," I mumbled as she looked at me, confused. 

I kissed her one last time. And then I walked out of the door. 

(To be continued)