 Savannah's POV;

As soon as I reached my friend Sam's home, I put my bag in her room and entered the bathroom. I took out my phone to text Miss Ashley. 

S: will you let me stay the night?

Her reply was instant. My phone pinged as I sat on the corner of the bathtub, shaking my leg out of nervousness.

A: if you want to

S: my parents think I'm staying over at my friend's place so she can cover for me

A: ask her to cover you for the whole weekend then

I gasped. We'd be together this whole weekend? Thousands of possibilities filled my head, making me press my knees together as warmth spread between my legs. I felt my heart pounding in my chest and my cunt ache.

S: are you serious?

A: yes

I smiled, my heart fluttering with excitement, and typed back as fast as I could.

S: thanks miss

S: haven't forgotten about your weird lingerie fetish x

I tapped my feet, waiting for her to reply. To show my gratitude and eagerness, I had attached a picture of me with my legs wide open and my new red panties pulled to the side, exposing just enough of my already glistening pussy. I had worn them today under my skirt, just in case, I had another encounter with Miss Ashley in the bathroom. But sadly, I hadn't seen her the whole day. 

It took a few moments for her to reply, enough time to make me worry my brains out, but what she said made me so wet that I had to take a cold shower after.

A: don't you dare touch that

A: it's mine

I strangled a moan in my throat, aching to rub my clit. It was not fair. I needed to cum, but she didn't want me to. So I didn't, hoping tonight she'd make up for it. But the blood rushing through my body dared me to reply just as shamelessly. 

S: only if you let me taste you tonight

A: oh don't you worry, there's gonna be lots of that and much more

Oh fuck, I gruntled and stepped into the cold shower, trying to think about anything other than Miss Ashley and her sultry mouth. 

-

Sam promised to cover for me and dropped me a block away from Miss Ashley's house. She didn't actually know that I was going to spend the entire weekend with her. But she definitely knew that I was gonna score some and had a constant grin plastered on her face.

I walked to her house, my panties rubbing teasingly against my newly shaved skin. I was sensitive all over, even my ass. I had made sure to get every hair. I wanted nothing to go wrong. 

Miss Ashley had been a wont fantasy for me at nights. Tall, dominant, stern; I had imagined her in every way possible over the last few months. And couldn't have been more turned on when she made the first move. It was unbelievable.

But I wasn't the only one obsessing over her, I guess. Even the guys in her class stalked her social media and shared how good that ass was, editing dicks against her breasts and jerking off to it.

I couldn't really blame them. She was one hell of a hot teacher. Too bad I was the one she was eating out in the girl's bathroom. 

Desire coiled in my stomach as I recalled how she had looked at me while I was just in my underwear at the store. And in the school bathroom, how she had forced my legs apart against the wall, sucked me sore while that girl peed in a cubicle just beside us. I almost couldn't believe that I hadn't let out any suspicious sounds, but I was too lost in whatever her mouth did to me. I wanted to lick her that way too, taste her and kiss her down there. 

Gosh, I was making myself wet by just thinking about her. 

She opened the door as soon as I texted her that I was outside. She was freshly showered, wrapped in a black robe with her wet hair falling down her shoulders. I imagined her naked beneath.

"Come in," she said as she gave me way. I stepped into her house and she locked her door behind me. I thought she would kiss me after that, but she didn't.

"You can settle into the guest room. Keep your stuff there," she said looking at my bag, implying that we were actually going to start straight away. What was I thinking? There was going to be a romantic dinner first? 

Stupid Sav, we both are here just for some dying worthy sex, I said to myself.

Soft music was playing in her house, the kind that would be amazing to make love to. She lived pretty good for a teacher; cushy couches and a glass coffee table before a big TV screen, cream walls with occasional abstracts hanging down. Her house smelt pretty good too, like lavenders. 

"It's upstairs to the left," she said, squeezing my ass as she brought me back to now. My heart raced and I nodded, feeling her eyes on my behind as I hurriedly climbed up the stairs. 

There were two rooms and I took the left one. I put my bag on the bed and laid down, scared and excited in equal amounts. This wasn't school where anyone could find us. Here, in her house, there were no limits. We could fuck anywhere and make as many noises as we wanted. She could eat me for as long as she wanted and I would let her. 

My heart sank down into my stomach as I closed my eyes and pressed my thighs together, putting pressure on my clit. I wanted to cum, right there and then. 

"Are you having second thoughts?" I heard her say. I opened my eyes and immediately got up. She was standing at the door. 

"No, I'm alright," I said to her. 

"You don't seem so," she replied, walking over to me. She kissed me softly, grazing her warm lips against mine, her hands around me. My toes curled in my shoes. 

"It's just that we're weirdly comfortable around each other already," I said between our desperate kisses. "You only started noticing me recently. And now, we are going to have sex and you seem barely affected."

"I've not invited over anyone in months, Savannah," she said before planting kisses under my ear, her tongue hot against my skin and her arms tightening around my waist. She sucked on a spot which made me tilt my neck and moan. "I'm definitely more affected than you are."

"Can't be," I shook my head as her hand gripped my ass and pulled me even closer to her. I took her other hand and placed it against my crotch. I was sure she could feel the wetness even through my shorts. 

"Fuck," she hissed and closed her eyes, grabbing me tightly over the fabric. Her hand moved over my shorts, creating friction against my clit. I stood on my toes and kissed her neck. She smelt of lavenders too.

"I'm wearing those panties you asked me for," I spoke in her ear teasingly. "Check for yourself." 

I was pushed on the bed in that same second. Miss Ashley was stronger than me, I realised. She dropped her robe on the floor. 

She was naked under, just like I had thought. 

She was a stark contrast to me. She was in a perfect shape while I had fat thighs and round globes of ass. Her breasts were nice and firm, her brown nipples hardened whereas I had pink ones. Her shoulders were broad and her stomach flat. Her legs were long and she had some hair on her pussy, neatly trimmed, unlike my shaved one. My mouth watered. 

"Take off your clothes," she said and I obliged. I stripped down slowly, first removing my top and then my shorts. Her eyes were hungry and never off me. 

She picked up my phone that was on the corner of the bed and opened the camera. The fact that she was going to record me was so sexy that I almost moaned out loud without even her doing anything to me. 

Soon she was on me, forcing me to lay down. She held the phone over my breasts and then my crotch, the camera hovering down my legs and back again. She took her index finger and forced it down my tongue, smirking as she saw it on the phone. 

"Suck it," she whispered hoarsely. I hollowed my cheeks and sucked on her finger as good as I could, tipping my head back. 

She growled in admiration, her eyes filled with dark lust. "You look so hot, Sav. You're killing me." 

I whimpered at her words as my pussy tightened. I needed her so badly. She straddled my stomach and pulled out her finger, tracing it down my neck to between my breasts. I felt her cunt against my skin. Goosebumps rose.

She recorded herself massaging my breasts, pulling down the cups under my boobs, which made them strain and stand. She flicked my nipples, making me wriggle under her touch, wanting more. 

Then she shifted forward until she was straddling my face, her pussy hair on my nose.

"You wanted to taste me, right?" She said into the camera, holding it close to her stomach, probably showing my face covered by her. "Eat me then."

I opened my mouth around her just like I had imagined doing in my wet dreams. Slowly, I tasted her for the first time. She was salty and massively addictive. I kissed her like I kissed her on her mouth. She let out a strangled noise. I took my tongue out then, flicking her clit with it. It felt heavenly, her scent and her taste combined. I closed my eyes and sucked harder, content to be sitting under her and doing her bid.

"Ah," she moaned, moving with my mouth. A hand reached down to hold my hair and she rotated herself on my mouth.

I grasped her ass and squeezed it good, feeling myself getting unbelievably hot. Fuck, a 28-year-old woman was sitting on my face, her hair wet and falling down her breasts. It fuelled the desire growing in the pit of my stomach. The sight itself could make me cum. 

She tugged at my hair again, holding me close to her cunt and taking control. She didn't let go as she started grinding down my face. She arched against my mouth with a louder wail this time. I dug my nails into her ass, my red hair shining against her thighs. My tongue made way into her cunt and my nose rubbed against her clit. It drove her nearly mad. 

I hastened, flicking my tongue faster and pulling on her clit harder. She was crying loudly now, looking at the ceiling. She pushed even harder and faster, almost suffocating me. I felt pain where she tugged at my hair but I continued, feeling her thighs tightening around my face. The way she used me, like a toy she could get pleasure out of, was incredibly arousing. She was close and approaching. I pushed my tongue deep down her cunt. And she moved a final time, cumming into my mouth. Her fluids flowed down my tongue, heavy and slick. I rejoiced the taste. 

She shifted back, wetting my breasts with her juices. I was finally able to breathe and realise my surroundings as she snapped my bra into place. The music calmed my heart down. Her weight shifted from above me for a moment, and suddenly, she flipped me onto my stomach. Excitement rushed through me as she lifted my ass and made me go up on my knees. 

I turned my head, only to see the phone now positioned on the bedside table. That's why she changed sides, so it could record us better. Was she going to eat me from behind?

I heard a drawer opening and saw Miss Ashley stepping into a underwear with a bright red circle in the front. I frowned as I grabbed a pillow and put it under my elbows for support.

"What are you doing?" I asked. 

"You're not a virgin, are you?" She asked me back. 

I shook my head, omitting the fact that the few times I had sex before was twice with Tom. But I didn't want to talk about him as soon as I saw her take out the black dildo and attaching it to her front. She was going to fuck me with a strap-on.

"Eyes closed, baby," she said as she caressed my ass with her hand softly. I buried my head in the pillow and waited for her, heart pounding wildly. The dildo was huge. How would it even fit inside me? 

After a moment, I felt her in front of me, pulling out my hands and cuffing them in a white-furred set of handcuffs. I yelped as she tied me down to the other side of the bed, trapping me down. I had my face down on the pillow and my ass in the air, entirely vulnerable.

She took the camera and recorded me, grinning and talking about fucking my pussy so hard that I'd be sore all weekend. I whimpered at this, adjusting my hands and knees. She touched my ass and pulled my panties aside, circling her thumb around my asshole. I'd fuck this too, she said, but not today. 

The next thing she did made me jump. She entered the same thumb into my cunt while I was still in my panties. The cloth felt raw as I squirmed. She pulled out again, snapping the elastic to the side and continuing to show off my cunt to the camera. I was fucking embarrassed. 

"I can see how wet you're even through the camera, Sav," she said as she put the phone back on the table, perfect position to record her fucking my hole. "Damn, I don't think we need any lube." 

Another fetish. She called the strap-on her cock. I almost convulsed at that word, something wet dripping down my thighs. Everything she did made me horny. 

"You sucked me so good, baby," she bent down over me easily because of her height, kissing my back, biting at my shoulders. I felt the tip against my rim. "Perfect slut, huh?"

"Yes, Miss Ashley," I replied, my hand straining against the lining cuffs. My knees had started to tremble in anticipation. 

She ran her hands down my breasts and she kissed my shoulders. She tweaked a nipple, making me move and hurt my hands again. She laughed at my attempts, her erect cock against my ass crack. 

"How bad do you want me, Sav?" She slapped my ass, shocking me. I tried to move away, but I couldn't do much while being trapped under her.

"Miss," I cried out in pain, in desire. "Take me please."

"Say it," she said as she placed her cock against me over the panties, her head huge. My eyes widened and I put my face against the pillow as soon as the head tried to enter me. 

I cried out as she hit my ass again. "Please, oh fuck, take my cunt right now!" 

She held the fabric away and entered me slowly. She took her sweet time, filling me to the brim. I stretched deliciously around her cock and felt my walls tightening around her. 

"Wait, darling, I'm not there yet," she said as she entered me even further. I muffled my moans in the pillow when suddenly, she pulled at my hair. 

"I want to hear you," she told me as she pulled out to enter me again. My pussy stretched all over, pleasure pulsing in every corner of my body. I called out her name when her thumb touched my clit. 

Damn, I used to think she was a sweet person, imagined her making love to me in every corner of this house with that damn music on, but right now she was going to tear me apart. It was so hot.

"Shit," I growled into my pillow, holding its sides.

She slammed into me the third time, making me cry out loud. I pushed my hips back to her and heard her moan too. She was wearing a clit stimulator under that underwear, the thought hit me. 

We crashed together again, skin slapping. We both let out toe curling voices, making Miss Ashley speed up. 

"Your cock is so huge," I whimpered as she tugged my hair again, filling me whole and suddenly pulling out. I felt her getting more rough with every thrust, her moves getting out of rhythm as I encouraged her. She moved her hips frantically, almost animalistic, already reaching her orgasm. I moved back on her cock as fast, trying to reach mine too. But she came before me and slacked down my back, breathing hard and leaving me hanging. I tried to twist on her cock, to get something out of it, but she pulled out of me.

She laid down on the bed and took out the clit stimulator as I lounged beside her, realising that she had come twice while I still hadn't. 

"Oh baby," she saw me and clicked open my cuffs, removing my soiled panties. "Don't think I forgot about you." 

She held me by my waist and made me straddle her. Then she entered me with her huge black cock, making me arch and jerk against her violently. This way, she could shove all of her inside me with zero resistance from me. And I had to do all the work while all she did was enjoy the scenery.

She picked up the camera and aimed at me, pulling down my bra again to expose my pink tits. "Move," she said as she twisted one of them. 

I moved upon her, her cock sliding in and out of me, making all types of wet sounds. She zoomed the camera on the black toy slipping in and out of my cunt, wet with my juices. Then she concentrated on my tits bouncing about, and then the moans I couldn't hold in. Her cock was driving me full and mad. I could feel it against my walls, making my cunt pulse and blood rush through my body. I fastened my pace.

"If only you could see yourself now, Savannah," Miss Ashley said from underneath me, kneading my breasts together. "Fuck, you're so loud."

Suddenly, the phone was forgotten and she was sitting with me as I moved in her lap, eating out my breasts. I cried out as a new pleasure coursed through my clit. It rubbed roughly against her underwear and hurt. My nipples ached with all the attention from her tongue but my body wanted more. 

"Ah yes! Fuck yes!" I held her head to my breasts as she nursed me through my first orgasm of the night. I collapsed in her lap but she didn't stop sucking on my breasts, marking them as hers. I clenched around her cock as my sensitive clit throbbed, aching to slide it out of me. 

I cursed when she moved again. 

She thrust her hips upwards, making me cry in pain. I was too sensitive to continue. 

"Stop," I said as I tried to squirm out of her lap. She didn't listen to me and kept moving her hips, driving them deeper into me. 

"Miss, no," I pleaded as my body started responding. Pain mixed with want coursed through my nerves, tears running down my cheeks. She put me on the bed and reached for her clit stimulator again, fucking me missionary. She moved against my body as I laid down on my back, helplessly trying to match her pace. She slammed into my cunt, making me cum again that instant. I screamed loud enough to wake her whole neighbourhood. 

She held my legs against her chest as she moved deeper with every thrust, sweat gleaming on her body. She didn't stop until she came and I came for the third time. My cunt was sore and pounding from all the pleasure.

When she pulled out of me, panting, I was too tired to even open up my eyes. I felt her sit down next to my face and hold me by my hair near her toy. She entered my mouth, instructing me to suck off all my juices off it. But I wasn't even capable of moving a limb. That's how tired I was. 

So darkness drowned me out as I drifted towards sleep, and there was nothing except the music and that cock in my mouth to accompany me.

(To be continued)