 I've been waiting days for this. I've soaked through my panties every day thinking about what I'm going to do to you when we're alone. I can't wait to kiss you. Entangle my fingers in your hair at the base of your neck, grab you roughly, and bite your neck. 

I'll catch you from behind, and whisper in your ear, "I know what you like. I know what will make your little pussy spasm." Before you have a chance to protest, I slip my fingers down your shorts, and find you already wet. I smile behind you, and shove my fingers into you quickly, and just as quickly pull them out. Whether you know it or not, it's going to be a long night for you. 

I shove you down on the bed, yank off your shorts and underwear, and spread your legs. I run my hands over your ass before spanking you twice...hard. Your knees buckle a little, and I spank you again, "Get your ass in the air! I want full access to your sweet pussy, whether you give it to me, or whether I have to take it by force." 

"No, mistress, please!" But we both know you want it. We got our safe words worked out and besides, you know I would never hurt you. I smile knowing you're saying no but your pussy is getting wetter every time I slap your ass. Still bent over the side of the bed, I see your cum start to drip down your leg. I can't wait to stick my tongue in your pussy. But I can control myself, and I'm going to make you control yourself as well. 

I see you start to turn around to see what I'm doing, and I push you back down. "What do you think you're doing? I'm in control here!" And I bring my hand down on your ass. Twice more I spank you, hard, and finish by caressing away the sting. I push you back down, and force your legs wider, forcing your ass higher in the air. 

While slowly tracing lines around your soaked pussy, I talk calmly to you, "I'm going to fuck you tonight. I'm going to tease your cunt, and ass. I'm going to make you beg me for mercy. And maybe, I'll let your little pussy have an orgasm." Then I shove one finger into you. You've already been moaning in frustration but you screamed at the sudden intrusion into your hole. I'm drumming my fingers on the inside of your pussy, and your hips have started to move against me, trying to get more and more of me into you. But this is my game. I pull it out, spank you again, and tell you to turn around. I kiss you intensely before saying, "Get on the bed, on your back," with a growl. 

I get your shirt off and pin down your hands. I'm so hot for you, absently grinding into your crotch. I'm not sure I want to make you wait because I'm not sure if I can wait to fuck you, but I want to draw this out. I want to make this feel as long as it has since the last time we had sex. I've been waiting too long to tease you the way I know you love to be teased. Too many nights my mind has gone crazy thinking of all the things I would do to your naked body, while my hands furiously worked my clit till I came. But now, I'm finally getting to do everything I thought of. 

I get control of myself and focus on getting the restraints around your wrists and ankles. Once I have you tied down, I pull them taut and smile when I see you completely spread out on my bed. 

Now, taking my time, I slowly pull off my clothes and absently stroke my clit. I can feel you watching me, and turn around to find you biting your lip and staring at me with fire in your eyes, probably thinking of how you're going to get me back. 

I put on some music. Very low though...I don't want to take away from your moans. I go to blindfold you, but before I slip it over your head I give you a kiss and tell you how much I love you. It's important to me to make sure you know it's still just a role I play. But before too long, the blindfold is on and the game has continued. 

I walk around the bed, deciding what to do first. I want to start slow. So I start teasing your nipples. I take one in my mouth and roll the other between my fingers. Pulling just a little at the end, knowing how much you enjoy the pressure. Giving the other a fair amount of treatment as well, I can't wait any longer to get to your pussy. 

Slowly kissing my way down, I trace your pussy lips with my fingers. You're so wet, and I love it. With my head between your legs, I spread your pussy and lick from your dripping hole to your clit, leaving it with just a flick, before I go back down and shove my tongue down your cunt. Your back arches off bed, but you aren't able to get far before the restraints hold you down, and you scream, "FUCK!" I replace my tongue with two fingers, finding no resistance because of how wet you already are, and lick up to your clit. 

I'm flicking your clit with my tongue and sucking it like I'll never have the chance again, all the while fucking you with my fingers. Your face is contorted in pleasure and you look so sexy...Your hands grabbing at nothing in the air, your mouth open, and your hips bucking on my face. 

I can feel you getting closer so I stop everything, and hear you moan in frustration, "Please, baby," but not yet. Right now, I can't wait any longer. I won't be able to control myself. I get on top of you and let my pussy hover over your mouth. You smile because you know where I am, and you open your mouth. I sit on your face, and cum almost immediately. You're tonguing my pussy and I'm rubbing my clit, and it's only seconds before I'm cumming on your face. I get off and let you calm down a little. You have this satisfied smile on your face, knowing you made me cum so fast. 

I get some ice, and run it over your body, placing little kisses here and there. I rub it all over your pussy, a mixture of hot and cold that I can tell you're enjoying. But now my patience is running thin...I want to fuck you. Now. I quickly loosen the restraints, take off the blindfold, and say, "On the edge of the bed. Spread your legs, and get your ass in the air." I reposition the cuffs, and get them tightly around your ankles, forcing your legs even wider. I get your wrists tied down too. I give you a quick spank before pulling on the harness. 

Once I have it all in place, I get the plug and vibrator ready. I slowly dip a finger in your pussy and you moan loudly. I take it out and slowly start pushing it into your ass. 

You try to resist, "Please, mistress, no. I can't!" But hearing you say mistress, I know better than to stop. As I slowly work my finger into your ass you continue your protests. But in between the, 'please don't' and 'no more, please!' I hear you moaning, wanting more and more. 

You're ready, and I can tell. I take my finger out, and you know the plug is coming. I start pushing it against your tight little asshole, while you say, "No! I can't take anymore!" Your moaning is getting heavier and heavier and I want to fuck you before you cum, so I shove the whole plug up your ass, quickly and without resistance. 

You scream in pleasure, "FUCK YES!" You're so close, you've abandoned the role play, but I don't care. You're only minutes from cumming harder than I've made you come before, and I can't wait to push you over that edge. For now though, I'll let you wait there, with that big plug, even the slightest movement will tease your cute little ass. 

I give your clit a quick flick with my tongue and then spank you one last time. You're back into the role, saying, "Please, don't mistress. I can't do this! What are you doing to me?" Before I fuck you silly, I take the vibrator and shove it all the way in your pussy, at the highest level. You're strapped down, on the side of my bed, with a vibrator deep in your pussy, and a plug deep in your ass. I'm so close to cumming myself just watching you, helplessly begging for me to let you cum. 

"Please let me cum mistress! I can't wait any longer!" So I pull out the vibrator and start fucking you. I'm fucking you so hard with this dick. All the way in and all the way out. You're screaming in earnest now, screaming into my sheets for me to fuck you harder. I shove it in all the way, and stay there for a minute, moving it around inside you, before I pull it out and push it all the way back in. You're grabbing at my sheets and pulling at the restraints. 

"FUCK YES BABY! JUST LIKE THAT! DON'T STOP!" The harness is hitting my clit with every thrust into your wet pussy, and I'm close to cumming myself. I have one of my hands around your neck and one on your hips, pulling you back onto my huge strap-on cock. I'm ramming in and out of you, with the plug still in your ass. 

I can tell you're getting close, and there's no going back this time. So I keep fucking you, mercilessly, while you scream, "FUCK YES! FUCK ME HARD BABY! I'M SO CLOSE!" I reach around and start rubbing your clit, while still pounding your pussy. The back of the dildo is ramming into my clit and I know I'm going to cum soon as well. 

My mouth is right at your ear and I moan, "Cum for me, baby," as you scream, "FUCK YES! I'M CUMMING!" I push into you one more time, and I start cumming myself. 

We can barely move, but I pull the dildo and plug out of you, and reach down to remove the cuffs from your ankles. I hop on the bed, un-do your wrists and pull you up on the bed with me. We collapse together, on the pillows and pull the sheet over us. I pull you close and start drawing lazy circles on your back. I know you always enjoy it, which is fine with me because I never get tired of doing it. "Wow," ... "I know. I missed that...And I missed you." "I missed you too baby."

Stay tuned for the next chapter, The Morning After! :)

*No lesbian or bisexual women were harmed in the making of this story*