 I met my friend Lesley during the first two weeks of working at Temptations. We were dancing on the same shift and I noticed the first few days I was there that the guys went wild whenever Lesley walked out on stage. She's a slender, sexy girl with long, dark hair and small, hard tits that drive the audience crazy. And her eyes...when Lesley stares at me with those beautiful eyes, I can almost feel her tongue burrowing up my pussy...but I'm getting ahead of myself.

Lesley and I hadn't really gotten to know each other until the second Saturday I was working. I'd just finished my tour of the audience and was taking a break backstage when she came rushing in, nipples stiff and her body glistening just a little from the on-stage workout. She glanced around the break area and made a beeline for me.

"There's a guy out there who wants another table dance," she told me.

I shrugged. It'd been a great night so far, and I was feeling generous. "Why don't you take it?" I said. "I'm kinda tired, anyway."

Lesley shook her head impatiently. "He wants BOTH of us," she said, "and he's willing to tip us each double."

Well, this sounded interesting, but as Lesley dragged me out to the tables I warned her that I hadn't tried this before -- I didn't to screw things up and make her lose a good tip. "Don't worry about it," my new friend told me. "Just do what you normally do, and I'll take care of the rest."

Doing what I normally did was easy. Lesley took me over to this guy and we both flirted with him for a short while until the right song came on. Both of us started dancing slowly, brushing up against him from both sides, and after a minute or so I was straddling his lap. I could feel the hard bulge in his pants pressing against my pussy through the thin material of my g-string. It would've felt even better to get that flimsy barrier out of the way and make some serious contact, but that's not permitted in the middle of the club dining area! I had to content myself with grinding my pelvis against his and brushing my nipples and tits up against his face occasionally.

After a minute or so of this I was pushed forward as Lesley swung herself over the guy's legs too. I felt her hard breasts rub up against my bare back and shivered in delight; up until that point I'd never felt something so erotic. A small hand appeared on either side of my chest and Lesley started pinching and pulling at my nipples, teasing our customer playfully. I shut my eyes and continued to sway, revelling in the feel of her breath on my neck, hands on my tits, and her strong thighs and damp pussy grinding against my ass. Then Lesley brushed my hair to the side and bit down lightly on my neck, sucking on my soft skin just a bit while the guy we were riding practically drooled into his own lap.

I leaned my head back and arched my back, pushing my hard nipples through Lesley's fingers. "You are making me so hot!" I whispered to her. The customer, oblivious to what was going on between Lesley and I, stroked the outsides of my legs cautiously while Lesley's tongue reached out to tickle my ear. I fell forward and mashed myself even harder against the guy's crotch, desperate for some kind of stimulation against my clit. Lesley's hands fell away from my tits, but she quickly reached one arm around my stomach and pulled me back. She was watching out for me; we could get in trouble for being *too* friendly with a customer.

Lesley was watching out for me in another way, too. While her left hand caressed the soft undersides of my tits, her right disappeared between her legs and beneath me. I smothered our customer's face in my chest as two of Lesley's tiny fingers sank all the way into my pussy. I bucked and writhed in this guy's lap; I'm sure he could feel Lesley's hand moving against me, out of sight of anyone watching.

My beautiful partner breathed heavily in my ear. "I'm going to take you home and ride your face while I fuck you with a huge dildo," she whispered. "You're going to lick my pussy and ass until I cum on your face, then I'm going to fuck you every way I can think of!"

That did it for me. My entire body shook as I came on Lesley's fingers. The poor guy we were riding had to help hold me up; his legs might still have bruises from me gripping so hard with my thighs! I could almost feel Lesley grinning as she swayed behind me and bit down lightly on my neck. When my orgasm had subsided both her hands returned to my breasts, and I reluctantly dismounted from our more-than-pleased customer. From the smile on his face he knew he'd gotten more than the typical table dance. To this day I haven't gotten a single tip as large as that one!

"Did you like that?" Lesley asked me when we were alone again backstage. She trailed one long nail up my stomach and between my breasts, making me shiver again.

"I loved that," I told her.

Lesley smiled and tweaked one of my nipples. "Well, we can practice anytime you want," she said. Her name was called for the next set on stage and she turned to walk away, then looked back over her shoulder. "And it doesn't have to be for work." I smiled back and promised myself we'd practice every day...