 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Getting Through to Mommy

Storm clouds rolled in overhead. The sky was a darker shade of gray than it had been when she left the house a couple hours ago. Rain would surely fall soon. How absurd that the weather outside would so perfectly reflect the present climate inside her heart. Jenni stared through the windshield, her hands gripping the wheel tightly, and thought back to the moment she opened the closet door to find her daughter hiding, naked from the waist down, and watching her mother and her aunt have sex.

Nothing has been the same since. She and Chelsea always enjoyed a very open and honest relationship; almost more of a friendship. Their favorite activity was going to the mall together, but it wasn't for the shopping. The mother-daughter duo would enjoy walking together and talking about the latest gossip, current events, or life in general. The food court for lunch was the anchor of the day. Afterward they would resume walking and talking on their way back to the car; which Jenni always parked, purposely, a fair distance away on the opposite end of the food court. Nothing could get between them. Until now.

Rent-A-Truck, read big white letters on the front of the building. Jenni's heart sank, but she knew it was the right thing to do. How did it work again, she asked herself, to bring her car and a truck...right, park the car and after the move bring the truck back and retrieve the car. Jenni felt so mixed up, she didn't know if she was coming or going at times. Last night, she slapped her daughter across the face. A mother didn't get worse than that, did she?

After having witnessed Jenni and Mandy's sexual activities, it seemed to change her daughter. Chelsea had been having sex for a year or two, Jenni knew that because she put her daughter on birth control around that time, but never had she expressed interest in women. Worst of all, Chelsea's interests were the women in her family; no one could resist Mandy, that was understandable, but her own mother, too.

"Howdy, Ma'am," a salesman said. "You lookin' to rent a truck?"

Jenni opened her car door and stepped out. She hadn't noticed the portly old man approach. Her thoughts went no further than Chelsea. Had she changed her daughter's perception of 'Mom' forever? Surely, Chelsea could never forgive her.

"Yeah," Jenni replied, "I was here about a week ago, but the place I moved to isn't working out. We rented a fifteen-foot truck, and I was wondering if the sale price was still the same."

"Thirty-nine ninety-five for the truck," the salesman said while looking at his clipboard.

"Not twenty-nine?"

"No, Ma'am. That sale ended couple days ago."

Moving again. Jenni knew her sister's place wasn't going to be a permanent residence, but she never thought she'd move out so soon. It was for the best, she told herself. Spending nights staying up late and watching TV with her sister, much like they had done when they were teenagers, was nice. It was also nice watching Amanda spend some quality time with Chelsea, too. Jenni smiled, but a storm clouded her heart and her eyes threatened to rain.

"How about I go inside, grab an agreement for the fifteen-foot truck, and I'll be back."

"Thanks," Jenni agreed.

The salesman walked away and Jenni leaned against her car with her eyes in the clouds. When would it rain, she wondered. At any moment the clouds would burst and rain would pour down in torrents. The skies didn't break, and the rain didn't fall; but it would, eventually. Dark clouds don't give way to sunny days so easily. And when it rains, it pours.

She looked over at the tinted window panes lining the otherwise gray concrete building. The salesman sat behind a desk, mulling over paperwork no doubt. Seemed like a nice guy, a simple man. Probably a wife, two kids; a boy and a girl, Jenni imagined, teens or pre-teens. She laid her head back and her eyes to the sky again as Jenni thought about Caralyn.

Jenni had a few dates with the beautiful blond and she felt serious enough to have her meet Chelsea. Caralyn has a daughter, too. Lucy is her name. As quickly as it came to mind, Jenni decided it would be a bad idea to have Chelsea meet either Caralyn or Lucy right now. If she learned from Mandy, her daughter may be well on her way to becoming an equally efficient nymphomaniac.

Chelsea. Jenni let a single laugh through. Her daughter, that morning she climbed into bed with her. The way she touched her body, almost with a religious reverence. Chelsea was soft, gentle, and sensual. When was the last time someone touched Jenni in such a way? She couldn't remember. It was loving. It was pure. And Jenni told herself every day since, that it was wrong.

In the shower, lathered with soap, drenched in water. The same gentle loving touch. Love. All of this time, while Jenni focused on the shame of sexual interaction with her daughter, she never questioned her own perception. From Chelsea's point of view, perhaps it was love.

Jenni pushed herself off of the car and stood up straight as her brain comprehended this epiphany. Her daughter was trying to show her love. It was physical, sexual, and socially unacceptable, but it had to be how Chelsea hoped to express her love for her mother.

"Shit," Jenni chastised herself. "I can't do this. I need to go back."

After what felt like an hour had passed, the salesman emerged from the building with his clipboard and a set of keys. He thought he made a sale, but Jenni wasn't so sure. She needed to go home...home. Was it home? Yes, Jenni decided, it was her and Chelsea's home.

"Got the agreement right—"

"I'm sorry," Jenni said.

"What's that now?"

"I won't be renting the truck," Jenni explained. "Not right now. If I need to, I'll be back."

The man smiled pleasantly, "Not a problem, Ma'am. Sorry it took so long. I had this client with one of my trucks on fifth street and—"

Jenni shut the car door, not minding the fact that the salesman continued his story. A sense of urgency overtook her and the most important thing became clear. First, she hadn't found a place to move to, yet; why she hadn't thought of that beforehand confounded her. Second, she needed to go home and ask Chelsea, and Amanda, to forgive her for overreacting; it was a shocking sight to walk in on, seeing her sister with a strap on fucking her daughter. Lastly, she wanted Chelsea to display her love; Jenni would like to show her daughter how much she loves her, too. Jenni pressed the gas petal so hard, she pealed out fast enough to spew dirt from under the tires all over the salesman. The sun peaked out from behind the clouds.

— — —

"How you holding up, sweetheart?"

Chelsea feigned a smile, one that spoke of deeper sorrow, to reassure her aunt that she was fine. "I was about to ask you the same thing. Auntie, I'm sorry about—"

"No, don't apologize," Mandy said with an unusually somber tone. "It was my fault for getting you into this mess. I should not have seduced you."

Never had she looked more broken and pathetic than at this moment. Aunt Mandy hardly got out of bed all day. With her face marked up from the beating, it had shattered her spirit. She loathed the hideous monster she saw in the mirror, in more ways than one, and questioned her entire existence. All Chelsea could feel was pity for her.

"It's not your fault, Auntie," Chelsea reassured her. She sat down on the edge of the bed and placed a hand on Mandy's shoulder. "If anything, it's my fault. I snuck into your bedroom, I hid in your closet and watched you have sex. And if you recall I was the one that seduced you."

"No," Mandy said, the corner of her mouth rising just a little. "The moment I saw you all grown up in those cute little jean shorts and that striped tanktop, I got this feeling..."

Mandy collapsed in bed and turned to face the opposite direction of her niece. She couldn't bear the shame and guilt she felt for having sex with her. As much as she loved the girl, it became apparent that her expression of love wasn't appropriate. Chelsea was not Jenni; and even her sexual relationship with Jenni should never have happened, Mandy realized.

"Auntie," Chelsea laid down and pressed her body against Mandy's back. "You know I started having sex a year ago, but there's something I want to tell you. I discovered, years before I had sex, that if I touched myself it felt good. After a while, I learned more about my body and I learned that what I was doing was called masturbating. Not long after, I would close my eyes and play pretend, as if someone else was touching me, or I was touching someone else; in other words, I discovered sexual fantasies. Auntie, you're the first person I ever fantasized about."

Mandy turned her head and Chelsea could tell there was a smile.

"I was your first fantasy?"

"For years," Chelsea said. "Sometimes it was Mom, other times it was friends and people at school. I had these longings and urges that I didn't understand, yet. But, I understand them now. I understand that I love you and Mom. And just like you and Mom, I express my love through sexual intimacy. Some people write love letters, or go to romantic dinners, or express their love verbally; I express my love for someone through sex."

"So do I, sweetheart," Mandy realized.

"I know. Sometimes it's sex just for pleasure, like with Destiny, but other times it's for love. I don't love anyone more than you and Mom and I can't stand the way things are right now."

"Someday you'll love someone more," Mandy said. "They always do."

"No. Maybe someone else, but definitely no one more than you or Mom."

"I'm feeling old, sweetheart."

"But, you're not," Chelsea put an arm around Aunt Mandy and allowed the older woman to turn and rest her head on her chest. "You're not old, Auntie. You're still young and sexy."

"Didn't say I was old, I said I feel old. I see you, I see Destiny, I see so many beautiful young women at an age I used to be years ago. It makes me feel old. I like to play with the eighteen-year-olds, the twenty-year-olds, the college girls, the young starlets with dreams, because it makes me feel like I've still got it. I do, you know. I can take a sweet thing like you and make you beg on your hands and knees for more. This whole thing with my sister has me thinking though."

"Thinking about what?"

"Love. Finding someone to love."

"I—"

"I know you do, sweetheart. I love you, too. Your mother goes out on these dates with this woman and they might have something, Jenni never said anything, but they might have something together. I've made it to the top, sweetheart, by the sweat of my brow. I told you the other day, I built my own little empire here. It's just not the same when you have no one to share it with."

"You have me," Chelsea said.

Mandy looked up and saw water forming at Chelsea's eyelids. With her thumb she wiped the girl's tears away and smiled. Her smile made Chelsea smile even in this sorrowful heartfelt moment. Mandy's smile always had the power to brighten even the darkest day.

"You have me, too," Aunt Mandy said. "But, the day will come when you'll date someone, like your mom is doing. You'll fall in love, leave this house, and start your own life, just like your mom. And when life gets hard, things get rough, you'll be back here with me; just like your mom. God willing, I'll be here, sweetheart. Like I always am."

Aunt Mandy always seemed happy. She wasn't. Her job, her house, her cars, and her smile were meant to show anyone who might see how happy and successful Mandy had become. Was she? How could she not be, with all that she had? The sentimentality of the moment depressed Chelsea. She didn't want to think that her strong independent aunt had become so frail. It broke her heart.

"Auntie, would you lie back?" Chelsea asked. "I'd like to pleasure you. You don't have to do anything for me, I just want to do this for you."

"I'm going out," Aunt Mandy said with a melancholy contentment. "Who knows, maybe I'll find what I'm looking for out there, sweetheart. I know it isn't here, moping around, bringing you down."

"What about the bandages?"

"I'll take them off. My greatest fear was going out in public looking like a punching bag; looking any way unattractive. I'll go out and maybe I'll find someone that can look past this hideousness."

"You're still the most beautiful woman I know."

Mandy smiled, "Thank you, sweetheart. You get your good looks from our side of the family you know."

Mandy kissed Chelsea on the forehead and started for the bedroom door. Before she could grab the handle, the door swung open. There stood Jenni. Neither woman had seen Jenni since she left early in the morning. She stated her intention to find a place and move out with Chelsea as soon as possible. She was still angry then; but didn't look so angry now.

"Amanda, I'm sorry about yesterday," Jenni said.

"No, I deserved it. I feel like I took advantage of your daughter."

"You did not!" Chelsea stood up. "I seduced Aunt Mandy. After I saw her have sex with Destiny, and then with you, I was so turned on that I wanted to see what it was like to have sex with her! It isn't Auntie's fault!"

Both women smiled at Chelsea. Mandy with admiration. Jenni with pride. Chelsea had grown up faster than her mother expected. The eighteen-year-old spent time in a broken home, forced to grow up as she watched her mother getting beaten. Forced to toughen up and realize it was time to leave Dad. And since her time living with both women, through her newly gained sexual experience, Chelsea matured emotionally, mentally, and sexually. Jenni grinned with pride for her daughter.

"I guess you've become quite the seductress when I wasn't looking," Jenni said.

"She has," Mandy confirmed. "I was just leaving. You two might want to be alone."

"You don't mind?" Jenni asked.

"Not at all," Mandy smiled. "You two have fun."

"We will," Jenni said with relief. "We finally will."

"Mom?" Chelsea asked. It felt as if her mother and her aunt were sharing a secret conversation. They weren't talking about what she thought they were talking about, were they? Would this mean her mother...?

"Relax Chelsea," her mother said. "I think it's time we get to know each other intimately."

— — —

"Mom, are you...serious?"

"Umm," Jenni laughed nervously. "Yeah. Just get under the covers—"

"We'll be hot."

"We'll be naked. I want to kiss you, I want to touch you, I want us to be intimate, but I still can't look at you; not yet. I don't know. It sounds stupid, but I can't allow my eyes to see you...and the things we're going to do. Eventually, when I'm more comfortable, we won't need to hide under the blankets."

Chelsea jumped off the bed and draped her arms around her mother's neck. She looked up into Mom's blue eyes, which seemed to sparkle with a joy Chelsea hadn't seen in years, and kissed her red lips; smearing her mother's lipstick. Their kiss, Chelsea told herself, this is love. It was exactly as Aunt Mandy said it would be, a motherly love beyond words, beyond understanding.

Chelsea moved to the bed and slipped under the heavy comforter, leaving plenty of room for Jenni to join her. Lying there in the dark cover of heavy blankets, Chelsea started thinking about how her sexual adventure began. Seeing her aunt strip Destiny, watching a woman eat pussy for the first time, observing the intimate interaction between sisters when her mother walked in the room; that was just in one night. Remembering how she felt when she seduced her aunt, Mandy. Then all the things Aunt Mandy had done to the fresh eighteen-year-old. It's been an amazing experience thus far and Chelsea beamed with joy at the thought of her adventure continuing.

Jenni, despite her initial reservations, slid underneath the heavy blankets until she could no longer see her own hand in front of her face. Chelsea was right, huddled under the comforter fully clothed caused sweat to form along Jenni's hairline and soon her shoulders. No, it wasn't the heat that made her sweat, but the intimacy of lying less than an inch from Chelsea and knowing their intentions.

She reached out until she touched something solid. Her fingers brushed against the smooth flesh of her daughter. Chelsea was touching her, too. The teen's fingers played under Jenni's shirt, up and down her stomach. Jenni discovered that her hand was on her daughter's bare thigh, between the volleyball shorts and thigh-high stockings.

"Those shorts," Jenni began asking.

"You bought them for me for volleyball, senior year," Chelsea said. "I was a good setter."

"Until you quit."

"Derek said I wasn't spending enough time with him."

"Derek was a loser."

Chelsea chuckled, "I still remember the way you looked at me when I first tried them on."

"What?" Jenni played coy, but she knew exactly what Chelsea meant. The tight short shorts hugged Chelsea's body in a way that left very little to the imagination. Up her smooth silky thighs to her plump little tush. Jenni thought she hid her arousal well, but apparently not.

"You looked at me and, just for a second, it seemed like you wanted to take my shorts off."

"Maybe I did," Jenni admitted.

"Well, do you know where your hand is?" Chelsea asked.

She knew. The spandex material at her fingertips were the only obstacle between her hand and Chelsea's bare snatch. Chelsea was popular on the volleyball team, not just for her skills but also for the fact that she never wore anything under her shorts. All the girls knew that, but still to her knowledge Chelsea hadn't slept with any of her teammates. If Jenni were on that team, even as the coach, there wouldn't be one girl she wouldn't sleep with. And team sleepovers...Jenni was getting aroused just thinking about the possibilities.

To the eighteen-year-old, their little hideaway became filled with a taboo lust the moment her mother joined her. Jenni's breath, clean mint from either brushing or mouthwash, bathed her face. Not being able to see each other clearly, had somehow made the act more intimate. She moved her face closer, her breathing more intense, until she and her mother breathed the same air.

Both women were still dressed, but that wouldn't last. Jenni's thumb moved from her daughter's shorts and found Chelsea's face. She brushed her hair aside and caressed her cheek. At the gentle motherly touch, Chelsea smiled. She drew her body closer in the darkness until there wasn't an inch between them.

Chelsea moved her face forward until her lips found Jenni's. Her mother's soft lips embraced hers. Their mouths collided continuously in a series of kisses. Chelsea's hand climbed up her mother's shirt, until her fingers discovered the bottom of her bra.

Jenni's hand, on Chelsea's thigh again, reached under her daughter's tight shorts. Jenni was right, as she cupped one of Chelsea's bare ass cheeks, she didn't wear panties under these shorts. With Mom's hand groping her ass, Chelsea forced her fingers under the hard wire of her mother's bra. When her index finger grazed Jenni's nipple, she groaned with delight.

Closed-mouth kisses turned into open-mouthed kisses. Chelsea pushed her tongue out first, but her mother's tongue didn't hesitate to come out and play. Jenni kissed her daughter more forcefully. Her hand reached around in the volleyball shorts until she could feel Chelsea's puffy lips between her fingers.

"Ohh fuck," Chelsea moaned.

"You like that, baby?" Jenni said the moment her middle finger entered Chelsea. She couldn't believe she was doing this, fingering her daughter. It felt wrong, but it felt so good. The more Chelsea moaned, the more overcome, Jenni was, with a powerful lust.

"Mom, I love you," Chelsea whispered.

"I love you, too, baby."
