 Jess finished the breakfast dishes and was on her way out with her Mistress into her car. Gliding smoothly into traffic, she smiled at the thought of her and her Mistress going shopping together to get some lingerie.

As she pulled into the mall parking lot, Jess's thoughts turned to the ad she had seen in the local newspaper--OPENING FRIDAY! VICTORIA'S SECRET!! Jess had been taken by the ad immediately, and she really could use some new bras and panties, and she was delighted when her Mistress said She wanted to go with her. Although she had had her son almost four years ago, Jess had managed to try to stay in good shape, the main change in her body was her chest size. Before she had gotten pregnant she was a perfect 34-C, but after having had her son her breasts had grown to a heavy 40-D. Although they sagged a little, she could still fill out a bra like a centerfold. C@itlin liked to tell her that no Playboy bunny could hold a candle to her, which made her feel good about herself. 

As T/they entered the mall she thought of the last time her Mistress had sucked her breasts, and her nipples got hard just thinking about it, inducing her to look down at her chest and see the two buds poking through her blouse, causing her to shiver. Jess blushed and wondered if her Mistress had noticed. There was hardly anyone to be seen as T/they headed off to find the new store, VICTORIA'S SECRET, and after locating a store register directory, she found it was on Level 3 East.

The escalator ride and walk to the store took about five minutes, but when T/they approached the door T/they realized it was about a half hour until opening, but T/they caught movement behind the glass.

As she focused her eyes, Jess saw an attractive woman about thirty five coming to the locked door. She clicked the latch, opened the door and invited T/them to come in, introducing herself as Marie while extending her hand. 

As Jess was shaking hands she gave Marie a quick look over--tall, about 5"10' Jess guessed, dark brown hair that was pulled back behind her head and held in place with a silver barrette while a stern but attractive face that was highlighted with light pink blush and matching lip gloss.

Marie led Jess and C@itlin into the main lingerie department and commented that T/they were her first customers and she wanted to give T/them her undivided attention. After a few pleasantries were exchanged Marie got down to business and asked exactly what T/they were looking for.

"A few bra and panty sets for Mah pet would be good for starters." C@itlin said, grinning.

Jess blushed, but was a little relieved when Marie gave her a knowing smile.

Marie quickly led T/them to the Amore line that was being endorsed by an European actress. Marie asked Jess to remove her coat and after giving her a quick once over, she selected flesh colored and black sets, and after C@itlin smiled in approval, she led T/them to the changing room. Jess didn't usually try on underclothes in a store, but this time she was with her Mistress.

Jess figured her Mistress would hand her the clothes and wait outside the changing room, but instead She gently pulled her inside and closed the door. In a matter of fact tone C@itlin instructed Jess to remove her clothes, after hesitating a moment, a firm look from her Mistress made Jess begin to undress Although she was slightly embarrassed knowing that Marie was out there somewhere, Jess quickly removed all her clothing until she was standing naked before the approving eyes of her Mistress.

In a soft voice C@itlin murmured, "Good girl," while handing her the flesh colored panties and told her to put them on. 

As she pulled them up over her hips she saw C@itlin looking directly at her pussy, which caused Jess to shiver and make her nipples immediately harden. Jess adjusted her panties and reached for the bra, and as she began to put it on, she felt her Mistress's hands helping with the clasp in the back, then reaching around her with both arms She adjusted her breasts inside the cups. As Jess tugged and pulled on the bra, C@itlin let Her hands roam all over her, gently cupping each breast and squeezing and pinching her nipples. Jess gasped, but didn't move as her Mistress continued to touch her while biting on her shoulder and ear.

As the massaging of her breasts became more intense, Jess felt the clasp to the bra unhook. C@itlin's hands were now on her bare breasts. Jess turned around to face Her directly, and immediately Her mouth went straight to her nipples, sucking on them urgently for two or three minutes as the moisture was filling her hot pussy. Jess became dizzy with desire and C@itlin slipped to Her knees and pulled off the flimsy panties. "This is what I want," She said, as She pushed Jess down onto the changing room stool and pulled open her legs.

C@itlin's mouth barely touched her outer lips, but it caused Jess to shudder. The feeling was unbelievable. When C@itlin forced Her tongue into her hot slit, the first of her orgasms hit like a tidal wave. Wave after wave poured over Jess, shaking she began to come down from her high, C@itlin's expert tongue found her clit and began a steady licking and sucking that caused Jess to cum three more times in quick succession.

Jess reached out and caressed her Mistress's face and murmured little thank You's as she nursed Her until C@itlin got to Her feet and stood before Her still seated pet.

Tactfully dressed in a light gray suit with a rose colored silk blouse, the hem of Her skirt was just about knee high and covered obviously athletically trimmed, and beautiful long legs, while black patent leather high heels completed Her outfit. Impressive and sexy as hell to say the least!

Now it was C@itlin's turn to remove Her clothing. Silently She unbuttoned Her jacket. The thin silk blouse was strained to it's limits as She shrugged the coat from Her shoulders, and Jess could see the outline of Her sexy low cut white bra through the thin material. Slowly, C@itlin undid the buttons of Her blouse exposing the most beautiful breasts Jess had ever seen in her life, and as if drawn like a magnet, she forgot about the saleswoman being in the store, and caressed her Mistress's breasts.

C@itlin continued to undress, slipping out of Her skirt and standing before Her pet in a bra, panties, garter belt and hose. She was a living advertisement for lingerie. C@itlin stood motionless for a few seconds, letting Jess get a good look at Her gorgeous body, while Jess noticed a very definite wet spot on the front of her Mistress's panties. Jess smiled, licking her lips. 

With both hands C@itlin grabbed at the waistband of Her panties and gave them a quick hard pull, tearing them away and leaving Jess staring directly at the shaven pussy of her seductive Mistress. 

Without a word, C@itlin lifted Her right leg and put it on the side of the stool Jess was sitting on, opening Her pussy and leaving it just inches from Jess's mouth. The aroma was absolutely intoxicating. Gently C@itlin pulled Jess's head towards Her waiting pussy and in a stern voice commanded, "Suck Me, pet!" Jess buried her face right into Her hot wet cunt and soon brought her quivering Mistress to a smashing orgasm.

As T/they held each O/other in the afterglow of amazing sex, Jess knew that a whole new horizon had been opened for her that day, she had to take her Mistress shopping with her more often!