 Rachal and Lana lay together on the bed, their bodies entwined with each other. The skinhead woman's body was half-above Rachal's curvy figure and the brunette's pretty head nestled firmly into the soft pillow as Lana flicked her long tongue around the inside of that adorable mouth. Her deep, searching kisses had lasted for what seemed like hours.

"You're every bit as sexy as I imagined," Lana eventually murmured, staring down into those deep eyes as she lifted her head and broke the kiss. Her fingers caressed the velvet curve of her captive's smooth hip, while her other hand stroked across the woman's silken hair. She could feel the young woman's hot panting breath against her face.

"Thank you," Rachal hesitantly answered, her eyes flickering. It seemed such a trite thing to say but in truth, she was lost for words. The thought that she shouldn't be there at all wouldn't leave her head. She had a boyfriend. She wasn't into women. This was wrong. Yet the power that the older woman generated was intoxicating. "We shouldn't..." she eventually murmured, as if desperate to be persuaded otherwise.

Lana smiled. She recognised the signs only too well. All her pets went through the same range of emotions initially, though none of them had a body made to sin like this girl's. Rachal might doubt herself, but that was perfectly natural for someone who considered themselves straight. Not for much longer. She knew that she'd already broken the mould with this one and any resistance would only be temporary.

"You don't enjoy my touch?" she teasingly asked, sliding her thigh between the prone woman's legs. She shifted her hand to the round curve of her buttocks, stroking with just her fingertips as she slid her lips behind Rachal's jewelled earlobe. The pressure rolled the brunette's pretty head to one side and Lana swept her long tongue along the soft flesh.

Rachal moaned at the contact. "It's incredible," she panted. "But I'm not bi..."

"You're not?" Lana ran her lips unhurriedly across the muscles and hollows of the slender neck, enjoying the feel and taste of Rachal's smooth tanned skin. Her all-seeing eyes studied each reaction on the girl's face and orchestrated each move in line with the changing expression. "You could have fooled me," she added, biting down gently on the soft skin.

"Lana..." Rachal gasped, her eyes widening in alarm. "Please don't mark me. I don't want Jeremy to find out about this."

"You don't want him to find out that you like women?"

"I... I don't..."

Lana laughed as she eased her lips away from Rachal's wet neck and dropped them to her sweat-dampened cleavage. Her experienced hands cupped each superbly firm breast as her long tongue curled around the edge of one dark nipple. "You don't what?" she teased. 

The young woman's reply was a whimpering moan. "Oh God..." Despite herself, she ran her slim hands up Lana's back and settled them on the woman's upper arms. That tongue was impossibly long and it was doing things to her nipple that no man had ever been able to achieve. To her shame she felt herself responding, her eyes beginning to slide shut with guilty enjoyment as she began to glide her long fingernails over the woman's tattooed skin. Every fibre in her body was screaming out her arousal.

Just as suddenly, the tongue was gone and Lana was reaching for a bottle from the table beside the bed. Tilting her head urgently and raising her curvy body up onto one elbow on the crumpled sheets beneath her, she felt her heart pounding as the skinheaded woman unscrewed the cap from the bottle and poured the liquid into her palm. 

Returning the bottle to the table, she closed her hands and rubbed her palms together.

"You're mine now," Lana told her. "I'm your Mistress. I own you."

The words sent an unaccountable shudder of arousal through the brunette. She'd always been an independent girl and invariably she was the one in control. Yet somehow, the thought of being dominated was an incredible turn on. And that arousal increased at the knowledge that it was this woman, with a tattooed body and known throughout the hotel as an out and out dyke, who was the one controlling her.

Jeremy would be back soon. It made sense to raise her body from the bed, leave here now, close this chapter, and let her boyfriend fuck her lights out as soon as he returned to the hotel. But her body was telling her something different. Her hot pussy was tingling at the thought of being under this woman's control. 

"You understand?" Lana asked, placing her oily hands onto Rachal's breasts, cupping and kneading them as she spread the lotion across the soft skin of her breasts.

Rachal's tried to speak, but couldn't. Her eyes slowly glazed with pleasure as the triumphant woman's hands took control of her full breasts the way her words had captured her mind. A whimpered murmur of pleasure escaped her red lips. 

Oh God. That felt fantastic...

***

Lana watched the young woman's aroused expression grow further as her fingers effortlessly and expertly manipulated the soft skin of the superb breasts. They really were magnificent, full and firm. The lengthening nipples burned into her palms. 

Not pausing in her manipulation, she eased her thigh between the long legs and nestled it against her captive's eagerly pouting vulva. In an instant, Rachal had begun to rotate her curvy hips against her, unable to stop herself and not even wanting to. 

Lana recognised the look on her face. It was always the same. Natural conventions were out of the window and all that the brunette was thinking about now was the pleasure radiating from her gleaming breasts and exposed clitoris. Her straining vulva slithered wetly over Lana's leg as the girl unashamedly masturbated herself against her, spreading her juices as she pressed and glided her clitoris back and forth on her pressing thigh.

"From now on, you'll do anything your Mistress tells you," Lana whispered, adjusting position so that her breasts rested between Rachal's splayed legs. The brunette's thighs parted wider as she gently pinched each oiled nipple between thumb and forefinger and slid her tongue into the sexy belly button. The young beauty's eyes flickered closed.

"You need your mistress's tongue," Lana told her as she worked her lips downwards over her captive's rounded pubis. Her tongue skirted across the baby smooth flesh before running lightly along the full length of her shining clitoris. 

Rachal let out a soft wail.

"You understand you're my pet now?" Lana told her a second before she closed began to suck at the brunette's engorged clit. When Rachal's body humped upwards, she flicked the hypersensitive tip of her long tongue gently from side to side across the sensitive nub.

Her fingers left the fabulous breasts above her, leaving thin tracks of shining oil as they trailed feather-light downwards across the smooth inner thighs. Rachal let out another wail as she slid two of them into the young woman's eagerly pouting vulva. 

"You're mine," Lana said again, raising her head to look into the aroused eyes that were hypnotically staring down at her. The girl was no longer disputing the fact, or even thinking about it. She'd accepted the position. "Tell me what you want."

Rachal's response was instant. "Make me cum..."

Lana ran her long tongue along the length of the glistening opening, her eyes never leaving the brunette's as she sucked in the wet juices. "Tell me you're mine," she slurped.

"Oh fuck..." Rachal gasped. 

Lana tongued her again. "Tell me..."

"Yes... make me cum... I'm yours... please..."

Lana nodded slowly as if in affirmation, and then curled her finger ran over a small bulge in the roof of Rachal's vagina. The young woman's body stiffened at the touch. 

"You'll wear my collar," she breathed, brushing her finger over and around the beautiful girl's G-spot. Rachal wailed again. It was time to press home her superiority. "And you'll do exactly as you're told, when you're told..."

Rachal's hips began to move rhythmically against the pleasuring fingers. There was no resistance left in her body. "Yes... fuck yes... Oh God... make me cum, please..."

Lana grinned inwardly as she flicked her long tongue across the crimson clitoris. She reached up to cup a breast with her free hand. There was something incredibly satisfying about a young woman's capitulation, especially one with a body like Rachal's. And in a few minutes, the position would be reversed and the beautiful brunette would be pleasuring her. 

Her tongue and fingers moved ceaselessly in perfect co-ordination across her clit and G-spot. Rachal's body was humping upwards, seeking the climax she so desperately needed. Her whimpers were constant now and Lana could feel her pussy tighten on her fingers. 

The skinhead woman could feel her own juices flowing as Rachal gasped with helpless excitement, her captive's pupils dilating into huge dark saucers behind her flickering eyelids. Every part of her was trembling, her voice was warbling, and her slim fingers gripped handfuls of the crumpled sheets as Lana's long tongue curled around her clit. 

"Oh God... yes... shittttttttttttt..."

Rachal's slim shoulders lifted clear of the sheets as the anguished cry of ecstasy escaped her red lips. Lana's tongue didn't let up through the orgasm. She wanted another. 

Sliding her hands under the young brunette's raised buttocks, she squeezed and stroked each pliant globe as she began to suck up the sweet love juices. When she slid a finger between the firm asscheeks and ran it over her puckered anus, it was as if an electrical impulse had been fed through Rachal's body.

At first she began to stroke the brunette's soft anus until it was shining and slippery, allowing the tension to build. Both knew the next step was inevitable. Rachal's body jerked as she slid the tip of her finger inside, and the girl cried out as she jammed it inside.

"Oh God... oh God... oh GodohGodohGod..."

Her head snapped back as the second orgasm burst, a strangled cry tearing from her throat as it overwhelmed and ravished her. Darkness began to descend. 

***

The softness on her face awoke her. Something wet and soft was rubbing itself across her mouth. Rachal licked her lips, tasting the mellow richness, and then her eyes flickered open.

Lana was sitting over her face and looking down at her with a blissfully contented smile on her face. Her back was arched and hands were behind her, resting on the brunette's heavy breasts as she slid her juicy pussy across her captive's mouth. 

Rachal's eyes stared upwards, taking in the sight of the snake tattoo of the snake that ran down Lana's body from underneath her breasts to just above the glistening sex that had now paused in its actions a few inches from her gaze. Even as she gave a heavy intake of breath and stared at the beautiful folds, the woman flexed her body and swept her juicy folds across her mouth again.

"You like your Mistress's taste?" she heard her ask. "You'll come to love it, my pet."

Rachal involuntarily licked her lips again, savouring the wonderfully juicy tang. Her eyes followed Lana's mons as the skinhead raised herself a little. It bulged almost arrogantly and her labia bloomed proudly in a way that with a curious, but frightening, beauty. She stared at it as if she was regarding an oil painting. Was she really in this position, she asked herself, trapped under the woman's curiously sexy body, completely dominated?

She felt a surge of heat in her juicy sex at the thought. 

Then Lana was dipping a fingertip into her wetness and provocatively holding it over her mouth. She couldn't help herself, arching her head upwards and taking it between her lips. 

"Oh, yes... Good girl," Lana murmured, settling her body unhurriedly across her captive's face again and teasing her labia across Rachal's mouth. "I can see you won't need much training. It's like an aphrodisiac, my pet. Once experienced, you'll always want more. Now then my sweet little slut, let me feel that tongue."

Rachal's body shuddered at the words. Slut? Why did that word excite her so? But then there was no time to think. Lana was lazily grazing her sex against her mouth once more and the fevered pulsing inside the brunette's heated body refused to be ignored. When her Mistress-had she really accepted that exciting fact?-pressed her labia against her lips, she felt light headed and found herself reaching upwards with her tongue as she'd been told. 

It astonished her that an hour ago she'd never have believed such a thing possible... and yet now she needed it like a drug. There wasn't the slightest doubt her newfound sexual desires had been orchestrated by the woman above her, but that only enhanced her arousal.

Without needing to be asked, she ran her lips along the entire length of the baby smooth flesh, a full participator now. Her hands curled around Lana's inner thighs, dragging her wonderful pussy more firmly to her mouth. The feeling of her incredibly soft texture labia was intoxicating and she licked her lips to better savour the sexy woman's juices. 

The taste sent little shock waves of arousal through her body. 

"Oh yes, verrrry good," Lana whispered, raising her body a little so that she could better rub herself across her captive's face. "Please your Mistress. Just like that, my pet." 

Her labial lips were surprisingly warm as they folded about the Rachal's tongue and the brunette responded by thrusting her tongue upwards and a little deeper. The moan she heard suggested that control was passing from one to the other and she licked harder, faster.

"Oh yes, don't stop..."

Rachal's neck ached from the angle but it was a minor inconvenience. She licked harder, setting the pace. Her fingers tightened around Lana's inner thighs. This was her doing... she was the one taking this horny dyke-her Mistress-to an orgasm. The thought consumed her, circling her body and settling on her sex. She loved Lana's heated moans, and the way the woman's clutching fingers had found her hair and were almost dragging it out by the roots.

"Fuck, yes, you sexy little bitch..."

Rachal growled into the juicy folds. Only the feel and taste mattered, and Lana's low moans that had gradually increased in intensity and was now filling the room. The skinhead woman's entwined fingers in her hair gripped more tightly, but it was the trembling of her body that betrayed the fact she was on the edge of an orgasm.

"Come on, my little slut," Lana shouted. "Oh fuckkkk..."

Her experienced inner muscles held Rachal's tongue in place as she came, and then she was arching her body again, holding herself upright as she crossed the summit and then began to descend.

"You sexy little bitch," she grunted. "You're a natural at this, did you know that?"

The words inflamed Rachal. Was she? Had she really just done that? Given Lana an orgasm with her tongue as the skinheaded woman had rubbed her pussy across her lips, her face? She licked her lips. She could still taste the earthy richness. It was at that moment she realised she wanted more. Without thinking, her tongue flicked upwards again. 

Lana let out a low moan. "Oh yes, my little pet wants to play..."

Gripping Rachal's hair again, she slid herself forward a little so that her labia closed around the brunette's nose completely. When Rachal opened her mouth to breathe, she pressed down again, moving her body in a gentle oscillation that kept her sex centred on her mouth. The girl needed to understand who was in control.

Rachal reached up to grip Lana's buttocks in an attempt to ease the pressure as the woman languorously began to ride her face. It was becoming difficult to breathe. The skinhead was sliding her sex across the whole of her face, like a piston, and each time she opened her mouth for air she swallowed juices. Her fingernails dug into Lana's thighs as a warning but then the woman had her by the wrists, pulling her hands away and then pinning her arms to the bed as she raised her body and ground down harder.

It was a silent reminder of who really had the power. Lana's movements became less controlled and then turned into a series of forceful jerks. Rachal kicked her legs from the bed, as if that would provide the air she needed. For a few seconds she thought she might suffocate but just there seemed no way out, she heard the orgasmic scream.

"Yesssssssss................"

Rachal gasped like a goldfish as a shaft of daylight appeared and she gulped in as much air as she could now that she was free. A feeling of dizziness engulfed her and her entire body was trembling. As her panting gasps eased, she was aware of movement beside her. Something was licking her face and it took a moment to understand that the long tongue belonged to Lana and she was cleaning her juices like a cat licking up its milk.

"My sexy little bitch," the woman was murmuring with each sweep of her tongue. 

Rachal felt a hand on her breast and another on her ass. She moaned. It felt like her entire body was still plugged in to the mains. A leg snaked between hers. Thighs were pressing down on her. The leg was moving slowly but insistently. She forced her eyes open, realising that she was involuntarily pushing her sex back up against the undulating thigh. 

"Please..." she gasped, as she was enveloped by a fog of arousal.

Lana tipped her head to one side and raised her eyebrows. Her knowing eyes smiled down at her. "Please what?" she asked, running her long tongue across Rachal's lips. "Please more? Please harder? Please Mistress, fuck me?"

When she rotated her pussy harder against her, Rachal couldn't help herself. Her thighs widened. Her hands found their way to the skinhead woman's perfect ass, pulling her more tightly into the heaving embrace. The feeling of sex on sex was sublime.

She was exhausted but she needed more and she pushed upwards. Her hips moved in more frantic circular motions against Lana's thigh, seeking and finding the magical pressure on her clit. Oh, God, it had only taken seconds and she was close. So close...

Lana recognised the signs instantly. "Cum for me," she whispered, that long tongue flicking across her neck again. "Cum for your Mistress..."

Rachal whimpered. She began humping upwards. Her ass was off the bed. Her hands gripped Lana's wonderfully rotating buttocks. She ground herself upwards, groaning at the way the older woman played her like an instrument. Her mouth fell open and her defocused eyes clouded over. 

"Now," Lana told her, grinding down harder. "Cum for Lana. Cum for your Mistress. Right now!!"

Rachal's scream pierced the air as her overheated body obeyed the instruction.