 Chapter 3: Lana reinforces her control

As she and Jeremy had strolled into the reception area from the hotel's indoor pool, Rachal caught sight of Lana at the reception desk. The butch Manageress was talking to the redhead she'd seen down by the hotel pool on a couple of occasions. 

Seen her? That was an understatement. 

The woman had no reservations about sunbathing topless, and she'd frequently watched as Rachal did the same, making no attempt to hide her interest. It wasn't that she was particularly attractive—without being unkind, she was quite plain—and Rachal estimated she was almost twice her age—in her mid forties, probably. 

But the thing was, although her body was slender and her breasts were small, she reminded Rachal so much of that woman's body in the movie, Body Heat. Kathleen Turner, that's who it was, and although her breasts were small, her nipples—like this woman's—were very long and looked like they were begging to be sucked. 

She shook her head in disbelief at the thought. Two days ago she had no interest in women at all and now she was thinking about sucking Kathleen Turner's body double's nipples? Oh My God, her encounters with Lana were having far too powerful an effect on her libido! 

God, she'd even put on a show for the redhead this afternoon, standing on the opposite side of the pool to let the woman openly ogle her as she'd oiled herself.

As Jeremy paused to take a message from someone—no doubt another business deal—Rachal found her gaze drawn across the foyer to the two of them. Both pairs of eyes seemed to be crawling all over her tanned body as they spoke. Could it be that they were discussing her? She felt her nipples rise and pulled her small black wrap more closely around her skimpy red bikini in coy embarrassment.

Thoughts of the way Lana had seduced her ran through her mind—and all the things they'd done together. Her pretty brown eyes widened as the memories settled between her legs. Thank God she had sunglasses with her—she felt as vulnerable as a rabbit caught in the sudden flare of oncoming headlights. Dropping the shades perched on the top of her hair over her eyes, she turned away.

It seemed like Lana took that as her cue. The woman's deep voice floated across the room towards her. "Are you coming over, Rachal?" she called across the room. Her voice was commanding. This was an instruction, not a request. "I have that information you wanted."

"Information?" Jeremy asked, shaking the man's hand as he left and then turning to his girlfriend.

Rachal nodded, pleased for the protection the sunglasses offered. "Stuff for work."

He pulled a face. There was only one thing on his mind and it wasn't work. They hadn't made love in a couple of days and Rachal's near naked body at the pool had him primed for action. "Work? It can wait until tomorrow, can't it?"

The brunette turned to Lana, just in time to see the redhead casually sauntering away, but grinning at her over her shoulder. Something was up!

The butch Manageress's voice instantly cut off any escape route. "You said you wanted to look at it as soon as you returned from the pool, yes?"

"Please," Rachal stammered, patting Jeremy's arm as she gave him her best winning smile. "I won't be long, I promise."

***

"I really can't stay long—" Rachal began as soon as she entered the woman's office. The look in the skinhead woman's eyes stopped her. That look was like no other. It was commanding, it demanded complicity, and yet it promised so much. 

"You'll stay as long as I determine," Lana told her, closing the blinds covering the office window and then locking the door with a silent click. 

"But, Jeremy—" Rachal tried, but then her voice died away. Lana had turned her back to her as she walked to her desk and pulled open a drawer. The gold necklace she took out was plain and simple, with some sort of ornament on the front. 

"This is for you," she said, turning back to Rachal and handing it to her.

"For me?"

The older woman nodded. "You will wear it at all times, understand? Like all my pets. It looks like a necklace, but it's actually a collar. See the lock on the front? That signifies that you belong to me."

"But—"

Lana shook her head. "There are no buts."

Rachal felt a pang of frustration. When she was with this woman, nothing else seemed to matter. And yet she was returning home with Jeremy soon. She didn't want him wondering what she was up to. "Look, I'm sorry but—"

The slap across her cheek took the brunette by surprise. It was a light slap, designed more for effect than to give any pain. It didn't even leave a mark. Lana knew that would have been dangerous with Jeremy waiting for the girl. But it stung just enough to reinforce her words. "I told you there are no buts. A slave who disobeys her Mistress must be punished. Do you want to be punished?"

Rachal shook her head, a look of shock still covering her face. The woman had hit her, actually hit her. But what felt much worse was the fact that the slap turned her on. Little pinpricks of sexual heat had formed across her curvy body. "No—" she somehow managed to respond.

"Then behave when your Mistress speaks to you. What am I?"

"You're my Mistress." Rachal surprised herself as the words tumbled out. She didn't even hesitate. If she'd been having doubts, the slap had instantly removed them. It was difficult to comprehend... she was actually getting off on being dominated.

"And what are you?"

"Your... pet...?"

Lana smiled and nodded. "My pet, yes, that's how I think of you. But you're also my bitch, my slut and my whore. Say the words."

Rachal felt her knees weaken. Her aching nipples were pushing through the skimpy red bikini top. She leant back against the wall behind her to steady herself as she spoke. "I'm your bitch... your slut... and your whore." The words came out hesitantly, breathlessly. With each of them, another dart of arousal pierced her body. 

Lana nodded in satisfaction as she perched on the edge of the desk behind her. "Now we're getting somewhere. What happens when I tell you to do something?"

"I obey." Rachal's voice was low but the words were clear. For a brief moment, she wondered how she had gotten herself into this situation. Everything had happened so quickly. But with an astounding clarity, she knew that she'd crossed the line. Not only did she have to comply, she wanted to...

"Good. The collar signifies all of those things. Put it on."

The brunette's trembling hands went to her neck and fastened it into place. Her entire body was on fire as a result of the blatant act of capitulation. 

"You must never remove that collar unless I give you specific approval," the skinheaded woman told her. "Do you understand?"

Rachal tried to speak but couldn't. She nodded instead. 

The smile broadened on Lana's face. "That's a good pet. We begin to understand one another better." She slowly began to slide her belt through the hoops of her tailored trousers. "Tell me, my self-confessed little slut," she murmured, "Would you like to pleasure your Mistress?"

Rachal nodded again, her eyes drawn to the skinhead woman's movements. The woman was tying the belt to a hook on the back of her office door. 

"Good. Come here..."

She breathed deeply as she obediently walked the few paces towards Lana, who took hold of her wrists and pushed Rachal back against the door. Pulling the girl's hands above her head, she tied them with the belt.

"Or maybe I'll have a little fun first. What does my little bitch think?"

Rachal's arousal entered the red zone. Suddenly it was difficult to breathe. The look in Lana's eyes was sending tingles down to her hot pussy and she gasped aloud when the blonde skinhead gripped the cups of her bikini top and violently yanked them up to free her breasts. They bounced twice before settling.

"Oh fuck, yes," Lana hissed. "Quite magnificent..."

Rachal whimpered as the cool hands cupped her tits. Lana already knew how sensitive they were, how much she adored having them pleasured, and the blonde skinhead was taking advantage. After gently kneading the twin globes in her hands, she leant forward to allow her long tongue to flick across one already hard nipple. 

Rachal gave an involuntary moan and Lana let out a low chuckle as she repeated the gesture. "Don't you just love being so submissive?" she murmured, between the flicking sweeps of her tongue. "Knowing your Mistress has complete control of your body?" 

She sucked the nipple into her mouth and bathed it in saliva as she curled her tongue around it. The brunette groaned again, louder and longer. Lana's eyes turned upwards to hold her captive's narrowed gaze as her mouth alternated between one thrusting breast and then the other. When a thin trail of saliva hung tantalisingly from Rachal's right nipple, she sexily caught it on the very tip of her long tongue, allowing it to settle there before licking it into her mouth.

Rachal's body shuddered. She could almost cum just from having her breasts pleasured.

"You will always do exactly as I say," Lana continued, just before she dipped her head again to suck as much of one breast into her mouth as she could. Slowly, she allowed the magnificent flesh to slide from her lips with a pop. "When I call you to pleasure me, you come immediately." 

Rachal twisted, momentarily forgetting that her hands were bound by the belt. She heard long groans escaping from her mouth as Lana sensuously repeated the pleasuring on her other breast. Soon, both of her tits were gleaming with the sexy Manageress's saliva. This woman knew exactly which buttons to press...

The butch skinhead kept up the verbal pressure. With her captive in such a state of sexual excitement, it was easier to implant suggestions, to gain agreement to what she wanted, to ensure that the attractive girl was fully under her spell. "I will tell you when you can pleasure me, and when I expect you to pleasure others."

The words cut their way to Rachal's startled brain. Pleasure others? What did that mean? For a few seconds she teetered on the verge of asking but as Lana's tongue curled around her nipple again, it was too late. Her entire body was screaming for release and as her nonstop whimpers of delight increased, both women knew it.

Lana's hand slid underneath the skimpy red material of her bikini thong. She kept her amused gaze fixed on her captive's as the very tips of her fingers slid across and caressed Rachal's smooth mons. "Man or woman. Whenever I tell you."

She accompanied her instruction by sliding a finger inside the brunette's juicy wetness. Rachal tried to hold back, to clarify what she was being told, but her body betrayed her, pushing upwards in a desperate search of more friction.

"Tell me you understand," Lana murmured, sliding a second finger to join the first and curling them in search of her G-spot.

Rachal tried to think coherently, but it wasn't possible. Lana's two fingers were caressing her sweet spot and the woman's lips were back on her nipples. Her whole body was pumping back as her Mistress began to finger-fuck her. 

"Yes... I understand..." she frantically conceded, her hands pulling at the belt again as her body jerked. Lana was playing her like an instrument, withdrawing her slippery fingers almost completely after every three of four gliding strokes before gliding them effortlessly back inside her hot core again. 

Rachal pumped her hips in desperation but the teasing skinhead kept up the rhythm until she was practically begging for her release. 

"Please..." she found herself pleading, barely aware that she was giving voice to her thoughts. Her hips were pumping back piston like against the pleasuring fingers now, and as her head twisted from side to side, her silken dark hair danced in a thick, lustrous fan across her pleasure-filled face. "Please... oh shit... oh yes..." She was almost there. "Faster... please... harder..." 

Lana flicked her thumb across the brunette's clit.

"Oh FUCKKKKKK......"

The orgasm was instantaneous. It travelled across Rachal's entire shuddering body and she arched her back as she rode the incredibly prolonged peak of her climax until, eventually, her curvy body stopped trembling and her panting breaths turned into shivering sighs of contentment. 

"You see what pleasure I can give you," Lana whispered, sliding her mouth to Rachal's ear. "This is only the beginning, my pet. Trust me..."

***

Jeremy emerged from the bathroom, towelling his hair briskly. He had been dreamily thinking of his stunning girlfriend's taut curves as he had showered, and his erection was pulsing gently with anticipation. 

Damn, he thought, glancing around the bedroom. She wasn't back yet. 

What the hell was so important that it could be keeping her? She knew how horny he was feeling. If he didn't know better, he'd think that the butch manageress was deliberately keeping her from him. Lana had become friendly with Rachal over the last day or so and he couldn't quite understand why. They were so unalike. 

Maybe she had designs on his girlfriend? He chuckled to himself. Rach wasn't into women, which was a shame. He'd mentioned a threesome before if they could find the right girl, but Rach always countered by telling him that she was more than he could handle. The sexy little bitch was too. 

Where the hell was she?

Sighing, he threw himself down on the bedsheets. Watching his girlfriend sunbathe at the pool, then pose as she changed position, oiled herself, tied her hair, or simply stretched, had him all worked up. Rachal knew how to tease others, and she knew how to tease him. When she returned, he would rip off that skimpy bikini and go to work on that fabulous body. 

He lay back on the sheets, stretched out luxuriantly, and closed his eyes. He began to slowly run one fingertip lightly up and down the contours of his pulsing shaft, then another, and soon his whole palm gripped his penis. 

A smile spread over his face as he slowly masturbated. Soon it would be Rachal's experienced mouth that was attending to his needs.

* * *

Rachal's mouth was already at work. 

Lana had untied the brunette after her explosive orgasm, and then the skinhead had settled herself back in her office chair, lewdly dragging her skirt to her waist and pulling her thong down her smooth, toned legs. "Crawl across here, my precious little slut," she'd said, crooking a long finger. "It's time to service your Mistress."

The brunette hadn't hesitated. Lana's wet, naked pussy made her heart palpitate and this woman was offering it to her. She'd subserviently dropped to her hands and knees and covered the distance between them before manoeuvring herself into position. Lifting the woman's right leg, she'd moaned aloud at the way Lana's soft skin tickled her earlobe as she settled it comfortably on her shoulder. 

"Make it good, my sexy little whore," Lana had whispered, staring down into those eager to please eyes. Each word and action was designed to stimulate her new pet further and as Rachal's eager tongue had traced along the bottom of her long tattoo, she lifted her left leg and settled it across the brunette's other shoulder.

Rachal groaned again as she slid her hands under those heavy buttocks, lifting Lana's peach like ass upwards from the chair and running her tongue along that wonderful gap between her pussy and anus. She didn't even need to be told. 

Lana purred in quiet satisfaction, knowing that she'd taught the dark haired young woman well. She'd enjoyed this moment so many times before. Like a cowboy breaking a wild horse, she'd tamed this voluptuous young woman and there was no resistance now. She was hers for as long as she wanted and now that she had her, it was time to push the boundaries.

"My ass," she moaned, pushing her buttocks further up from the seat and precariously holding herself upright with just her hands on the chair arms. "Lick my ass."

She moaned again as Rachal instantly obeyed. She'd expected some hesitation but the little bitch was into the moment as much as she was. Her grip on Lana's asscheeks tightened as her tongue sought out her Mistress's anal opening. Pulling the blonde skinhead into her face, she pushed her tongue inside, just a little. 

"Oh, God... yes, like that my beautiful little slut..."

The words sent a torrent of arousal through the brunette. Yes, she was this woman's slut, her bitch. The thought sent her arousal flaring upwards. Lana's low growls of approval were intoxicating and she wanted more. Anal play was new to her and what would have seemed incomprehensible a couple of days ago had now become new, dangerous, sexual territory she was eager to explore.

Saliva dripped from her lips as she continued her journey, starting to push her tongue upwards as her gripping fingers pulled Lana's heavy hips down onto her face. She realised she'd begun to whimper with each jab of her tongue against the puckered hole. The lewdness of her actions had taken her own body to the verge of another orgasm and she wasn't even touching herself. 

A hand in her hair yanked her head upwards. It gripped her locks so tightly it was painful, but even the pain felt incredible. "That's a good bitch," Lana murmured those all knowing eyes staring down in approval. "My little pet is doing well. Want to try your Mistress's juicy cunt, now?" Her grip on the brunette's silken hair dragged her captive's face back to her sex. 

A twist of Rachal's head took her tongue back to Lana's exposed folds and she enthusiastically licked at the flowing juices. Was it simply another woman's sex that turned her on so much now, or being dominated in such a way? 

Maybe both? 

How could she have thought she wasn't into women, when the sensations were this good? It was different to being with a man, softer and sexier. It would be difficult to leave for England in a few days but she would be heading home in the certain knowledge that while Lana was her first woman, she wouldn't be her last.

The hand gripping her hair brought her attention back to the matter in hand. A rough tug of her dark locks reminded her of what her Mistress wanted, expected of her. Growling with a throaty pleasure, she pushed her head up towards the beautiful, glistening, folds and settled in at Lana's deliciously wet heat. 

When she stretched her tongue to carefully part the delicate, pouty lips, the older woman groaned at the contact. The sound was exhilarating. 

She, Rachal, was making this woman moan like a bitch on heat. She, Rachal, was pleasuring and pleasing her Mistress. The orgasm that wasn't far away began to gather between her own thighs again. She lost herself in her pleasuring as she sensuously ran her tongue up and down Lana's juicy labia, adjusting her actions in line with the skinhead's moans and the twists of her wonderful body. 

Lana's grip on her dark locks tightened, wrapping strands of hair around her fingers and yanking while she pumped her hips against Rachal's pleasuring tongue. "Fuck yes, you little bitch... like that..."

Each curse word drove Rachal on. She was in control now and she had a mission to complete. As Lana bucked her body into her face, she drank deeply at the syrupy honey that flowed more freely and then jammed her tongue back inside the wetness again. Lana's hands dragged her head upwards, just a little, and Rachal understood what was required immediately.

She set her sights on that sensitive, aroused little button she was coming to know so well. The moist clit began to pulsate as she attacked it, her hands attempting but failing to hold Lana's bucking hips still as she licked and sucked the sensitive flesh.

"Oh, fuck, yes," Lana grunted. Her deep voice was trembling and straining. "Like that... yes... harder... don't fucking stop... yessssss... make your Mistress cum..." 
