 The bedroom door flew open and two very attractive, handsome and beautiful, twenty two year-olds tumbled into the room in a ball of lust and sexual impatience. The female half of this twosome was Jenna Kwon. Silken black hair halfway down her waist flew in the air as she fell back on the bed. As she sat up and threw off her T-shirt and bra, her pert 34 C cup breasts were exposed as well as her dark areola and stiff nipples. Her short-shorts were next to go along with the pink thong that flew into the air as the beautiful Korean born woman kicked them off her feet.

Her paramour/partner, Ted Sorenson, was busy disrobing as well. Surfer blonde haircut, with shoulders as wide as the Grand Canyon, led to a V shaped back that ended at his waist. His thick, seven inch cock was already standing at attention as he pulled off his boxer briefs.

Jenna had a ravenous look on her face as she attacked her boyfriend's cock. Grabbing it at the base with her right hand, she immediately swallowed Ted's bulbous head and began to stroke his dick at the same time. This caused Ted to grunt an, "Oh fuck," before he grabbed his girlfriend's head and forced her to take more of him inside her mouth.

Madelyn Prescott took all this in from the walk-in bedroom closet that she was hiding in. What was a soon-to-be 43 year old married mother of two doing in an off campus college apartment bedroom closet, watching two college students who were young enough to be her own children, have a very spirited sex session only a few feet away? Maddie, as everyone called the beautiful blonde, asked herself the same question.

Moments ago, she too was involved in a very spirited sex session with a college student on the bed opposite the one she was looking at right now. Her lover, the other occupant of the bedroom in question, was kneeling right next to Maddie as they watched Jenna play with Ted's balls with her hand just as Ted announced he was about to come. This morning, Maddie never could have thought of a scenario, or predicament like the one she was in right now.

It started with an 11:00 AM text from Candice McClain, the woman kneeling next to Maddie. The redheaded college senior had typed, "When are we getting together, it's been like, two weeks!!" Maddie, who was in the middle of coffee with her best friend, Marci Simms, typed back, "I know!...miss U...I'm with Marci right now, I'll call U a little later."

"Hurry," was Candy's reply with a pouty emoji face.

After watching Maddie busy herself with her phone, Marci asked, "Everything all right?" Without thinking, Maddie replied, "Oh, that was Mike; he left some documents here this morning and needs me to get them to the Fed-Ex office as soon as I can." 

"Oh, I'll get going then," Marci replied.

"I'm so sorry, he was very insistent on the urgency of getting the documents sent."

"No problem," replied Marci, and stood to leave.

"How about lunch tomorrow?" Maddie asked and the two women agreed they would have a lunch date the following day.

As soon as Marci walked out the door of Maddie's house, the homeowner was texting back to Candy. She wasn't usually this impulsive. Most things in Maddie's life were planned out with much consideration. This included her relationship with Candace McClain. 

It had been going on for two months, and the two women usually had a weekly meeting. This was Maddie's second relationship with another woman and she was still navigating her way through her newfound bi-sexuality. She loved her husband, and they still had regular sex, but Maddie couldn't deny that Candy was on her mind almost daily. Perhaps it was the newness of sex with another woman, or how it was still seen as taboo in her social circles. Or maybe it was the way Candy smelled, how soft her skin was, how great it was to feel her magnificent breasts or the thrill of bringing the 22 year old to climax. 

It was a combination of those things, and the fact that it had been a fortnight since Maddie had seen Candy that made Maddie lie to her friend, Maddie mused, as she texted her 22 year old secret girlfriend.

"Hey, Marci just left...I would invite you over, but you know how risky that is...plus my daughter will be home soon- half day at school," 

"What about tonight???" Candy replied.

Maddie thought about it for a moment before she realized that she could actually make that work. Mike was taking their son Ben on an overnight fishing trip and her daughter Lauren had a pasta party/sleepover with her softball team before they left the following morning for a high school softball tournament. Maddie would have the night to herself, but she still felt uneasy about inviting Candy to her house. Too many questions would arise if anyone from her family had a change of plans and came home unexpectantly. 

"I'm available..." Maddie texted her reply to Candy.

It took several minutes before Candy texted back.

"OMG...my roommate just announced that she just had her last final exam and is going home for a few days before Graduation," She then continued, "I have the apartment all to myself!"

"Well, what did you have in mind, Ms. McClain," Maddie texted.

"I dunno...maybe some Chinese food, a nice bottle of chardonnay and ...you...here... with me... at my apartment," Candy replied.

Maddie took a deep breath and thought about Candy's offer. It sounded great, except for the apartment. When they met up, it was usually at her friend Alex's house, where she could explain that she was put in charge of watching over the place, while Alex and her family were out of the country. They had also met a few times at a clean, but non-descript motel a few miles outside of town. Candy had never been to Maddie's home, and Maddie had never been to Candy's apartment. As with everything in her life, Maddie was cautious- well, about as cautious as you could be when having an affair with a 22 year old college female.

"That sounds delicious are you sure no one will be coming over?" Maddie replied to Candy's text.

"I'm certain. My other two roommates have left for the summer and it's just Jenna and I until Graduation next Friday," Candy texted back.

After some trepidation, Maddie finally texted back, "OK, how does seven sound?"

"Perfect- I'll take care of everything- just don't be late, I miss you!" was Candy's last text that morning.

Almost immediately after putting her phone down, the all-to-familiar battle in Maddie's head began to rage again. "That's a major risk going to her apartment, what if someone sees you?" was what her practical side told her. 

"It's been two weeks...you've been dying to see her!" was the reply from Maddie's adventurous, fun side. This battle had been raging inside her for six months, and eventually, Maddie knew, she was going to have to confront these lifestyle decisions she has been making, one way or another.

Maddie spent the rest of the day preparing her husband and son for their overnight fishing trip. She packed their clothes, food and everything else they needed so that when Mike got home from work at four o'clock, they could head out the door. She also prepared her daughter Lauren for her two night trip and made sure she had everything she needed.

Then it was time to get ready for her "date." She put on a sexy thong, given to her by her friend Alex, but no bra. She wore a casual, comfortable sweat suite so her family would think she was just gonna spend the night on the couch watching TV.

She said her goodbyes to her family, waited for 6:30, and out the door she went. She usually had butterflys in her stomach when meeting with Candy, but tonight was different. Tonight she was going to drive on to the local college campus, hope no one saw her, and quickly head into Candy's apartment. The fear of someone seeing her with Candy both frightened her and excited her at the same time. As she followed Candy's directions to her apartment, she put her fears aside and thought about Candy's lips and eyes, and how she had missed them in the last two weeks. She finally arrived, found a parking spot down the street and fretted over the walk she was going to have to make. At least it was dusk she figured, and it would be hard for anyone to make out that it was her walking down the street on campus.

She finally made it to Candy's door and quickly knocked. Ten seconds later, the door flew open and there was Candy. A jolt of electricity went through Maddie as she took in the site of her college age lover. She had on a similar comfy sweat suite, but she was freshly showered, had a light application of make up with glossy lips and the smell of her hair gave Maddie goosebumps.

"Come in!" Candy said enthusiastically, and grabbed Maddie by the hand. With one quick motion, Candy shut the door and pushed Maddie up against the hallway door. The two women looked each other deep in the eyes, and finally Candy said, "I can't believe you're here, I have thought about this moment for weeks. To have my apartment all to myself, with you here, I was beginning to think it might never happen."

Huskily, Maddie replied, "it's happening, right now." With that the two women interlocked in a passionate kiss that lasted several moments, before Candy finally broke the embrace.

"Hungry?" the beautiful young red head asked

"Famished," was Maddie's reply.

Candy gave a knowing chuckle and said, "For food, silly...we have all night for your other hungers."

Maddie chuckled back, "Oh, yeah, for food...yeah I'm hungry for that as well."

Candy led Maddie by the hand to the table off the kitchen which was loaded with pints and quarts of Chinese food, a chilled bottle of chardonnay, two wine glasses and two red roses in a small vase. There were also two candles lit in the center of the table, setting the effect of a romantic meal for two.

"Oh, Candy, you didn't have to go to all this trouble, it looks so nice," Maddie said, referring to the dinner table.

"I got a lot of different food, because I didn't know what you liked. It just arrived, so it should all still be hot, let's eat," replied Candy.

The two women poured themselves each a glass of wine and began to eat. As they ate, they talked about Candy's impending graduation and her future plans. Like Maddie, she was an elementary education major. Maddie talked about her experiences in teaching and Candy hung on every word. She had just finished her student teaching and was actively looking for a teaching position for the fall. Maddie assured her the right job would come around, and told her to be persistent. They talked about their families a little and it occurred to Maddie that this was the first time the two women were able to get to know each other outside of their clandestine amorous meetings. 

Their dinner conversation only confirmed what Maddie had thought was the case already: that Candy was a bright, motivated, student who reminded her of herself twenty one years prior. This made Maddie think back to her college graduation, her relationship with Mike at the time and all the plans the couple had made for their future. Most of all their plans had come to fruition and Maddie gave an inward smile as she thought back on it all. She wondered what the twenty two year old sitting across from her having a romantic, romantic? meal was thinking about her future, professionally, and romantically. Was Candy thinking there could ever be a future between the two women? This was a question Maddie would have to bring up soon, but not tonight. Tonight she was enjoying getting to know more about Candy the person and all the possibilities that lay a head for the beautiful redhead.

For Candy, she also enjoyed the conversation and asked lots of questions about Maddie's family. The thought of the perfect suburban family was something that intrigued Candy, but at the same time she knew that probably wasn't possible with the woman across the table from her. She still liked boys, and the idea of marriage and children was one that she still hoped would happen for her one day, if she ever met the right guy. But, for right now, all she could think about was the beautiful, successful woman who was in her apartment that she was having a wonderful dinner with and, shortly, even better sex. The questions about their future together would have to wait. Neither woman wanted to spoil the mood or the setting that they were both enjoying this evening. 

As they finished eating, there was a pause in the conversation and each woman took a long drink of their wine. Tonight was different for both of them, but as they stared into one another's eyes, the familiar, lustful feelings began to arise in each of them.

"The food was so good, Candy, thank you for a wonderful dinner," Maddie finally broke the silence.

"You're welcome, I ate so much...but I'm still so hungry," Candy replied.

With that, she took another sip of wine while staring into Maddie's eyes, stood up and then quickly dropped underneath the table, catching Maddie by surprise. Candy quickly crawled under the table and kneeled in front of Maddie. With a glint in her eye, Candy whispered lustily, "Lift your hips up, Mrs. Prescott, I'm ravenous for you."

Maddie complied with the co-ed's request and found her sweat pants and thong being simultaneously being pulled off her legs. Having accomplished that, Candy attacked the older woman's right thigh. Candy bit down on Maddie's thigh, eliciting a sharp inhale from the married blonde. This was immediately followed by the redhead's soft tongue working the area on Maddie's leg she had just bitten. Maddie then exhaled as she heard Candy say, "I told you I was ravenous."

"Well then, you better satisfy yourself," Maddie offered in a husky tone.

Satisfy herself is what Candy did. With long licks, as if she was savoring an ice cream cone, Candy devoured Maddie's now sopping wet pussy. From her perineum to her clitoris, Candy savored all of Maddie's pussy- its tastes and textures.

"Shouldn't we go upstairs? What if someone comes in?" Maddie asked between short breaths.

"Shhh, no one is coming in, don't worry about it," Candy replied, before sticking her tongue as deep into Maddie's opening as she possibly could.

"Oh, fuck," Maddie gasped as she placed her right foot up on the corner of the table, giving Candy more access to her pulsating honey pot.

Candy took full advantage of this offering and began to lightly nibble on the blonde's labia. Maddie responded by grabbing the beautiful red head's hair and pulling her in closer to her center. 

After a few more minutes of this excruciating pleasure, Maddie announced that she was close to climax. With that, Candy took one more long lap of the sweet nectar that Maddie was producing and looked up at her older lover and said, "God, I love how you taste, I love eating your pussy, Maddie."

Before Maddie could utter any kind of response, Candy attached her mouth around Maddie's clitoral hood, sucked it deep into her mouth and with her tongue, began to lightly flick at Maddie's exposed clit. This sent Maddie crashing into a thunderous orgasm. 

"Oh, godddd, oh fuuuuuuck, ohhh Candy you are so fucking goooood!!" exclaimed Maddie, in the throes of ecstasy. 

Candy, her face flush and covered in Maddie's excitement, stood up and straddled Maddie who was still sitting on the chair.

"Oh, yeah, you're not too bad yourself, Mrs. Prescott," said Candy as she and her married lover embarked on their most passionate kiss yet. There was no doubt that a deeper connection had been made at dinner this evening between the two women, both could sense it in their kiss and how they held each other.

"Take me to your room, I want to make love to you," Maddie said after the smoldering kiss finally ended. Without saying another word, Candy again led Maddie by the hand up to her bedroom, on the second floor of the apartment.

As they climbed the stairs, Maddie realized that both women had used the "L" word on a few occasions this evening. If not exactly to one another, to the actions each had performed on the other. She made a mental note to touch on the topic when she and Candy would talk again, whenever that might be.

Before she could consider that topic anymore, the couple arrived at Candy's bedroom door and immediately entered. They locked into another passionate kiss before Candy pulled away and said, "Sit on my bed...it's show time."

Maddie, just wearing her sweatshirt top, sat back on the bed, got herself comfortable, and became an avid spectator. 

Candy began with slow, rhythmic gyrations of her hips, never loosing eye contact with Maddie. She slowly pulled her sweatshirt off and revealed a white, sheer, see through bra that held her magnificent 36D sized breasts. Maddie could make out her pink areola underneath the bra and her mouth began to water. The older woman thought of herself like a bitch in heat as she salaciously ogled the young soon-to-be college graduate.

Candy then slowly shimmied out of her sweatpants revealing a matching sheer set of panties. Maddie could see a dark area around the gusset of the panties and knew that Candy was already very wet from the evening's activities. Candy's gyrations continued and as she turned around, Maddie feasted her eyes on Candy's perfect heart-shaped ass. Just when Maddie had thought she had seen everything, Candy pulled the backside of the panties up into the crack of her ass, exposing more butt cheek for her lover. This is when Maddie pulled off her own sweatshirt and began to play with her nipples. 

Candy knew she had her audience of one in rapt attention as she slowly unhooked her bra, freeing her breasts for Maddie to feast her eyes on. Maddie attempted to reach out and fondle those breasts, but Candy thwarted her attempt by stepping back. She then turned around, bent over at the waist, and slowly began to pull the panties down her toned legs.

This was all Maddie could stand, and she quickly scooted to the edge of the bed, placed her hands on the front of Candy's thighs, pulling her closer to the blonde. She immediately went to Candy's exposed labia from behind and was overcome with how incredible the younger girl's scent enthralled her. Maddie stuck her tongue out and placed it in between Candy's outer folds, and began to lap up the young pussy that lay before her. 

Just as she was about to get into a rhythm, Candy pulled away, and stated, "I thought you wanted to make love to me, Mrs. Prescott?"

Without saying anything, Maddie stood up, realizing what the redhead was getting at. She whispered, "Lay down, sweetie."

Candy did as she was told and Maddie took in the sight of the naked Candy laying on her bed waiting for Maddie to make love to her. Maddie slowly put her knees on the bed and climbed on top of her young lover. It felt so good to have their bodies entwined together. The softness of each other's skin, the feeling of their breasts mashed together, the look of lust, and something more, as each woman stared deep into the other's eyes.

It was a special moment in their burgeoning relationship and each woman knew it. And at that exact moment, filled with tenderness, adoration and understanding, they both heard the front door of the apartment open. 

Two voices, one male, one female could be heard climbing the stairs. Panic overcame Maddie and Candy as Maddie whispered, "Oh my god, what do we do???"

Candy replied, "Quick, grab your sweatshirt," before she turned off the bedroom light. Maddie complied and the two women jumped into the walk-in closet and shut the door just as they heard the two voices outside the bedroom.

"Candy, are you in there?" They both heard Jenna say in an impatient tone. After a pause, and not hearing a reply from inside the room, Jenna and Ted, enlaced in an embrace, entered the darkened room.

So this was the situation Maddie found herself in that Thursday evening in May. 
