 Chapter 4: Bought and Paid For

Rachal hesitantly knocked on the white door. The room was one of only three on the top floor, all suites apparently. She fingered the collar around her neck as she waited, reminding her why she was there. Lana hadn't even spoken to her. It was Francesca who'd come over to her and Jeremy's table at the end of dinner and handed her the note.

Room 501. Top Floor. Mimi's waiting. Go now. Immediately. Francesca will keep Jeremy company until you return.

Rachal had uneasily risen to her feet, caught up in a conflict between her Mistress's instruction and the difficulty in explaining her need to leave the table so suddenly to her boyfriend. But Francesca had seamlessly slipped into her chair when she'd stood and had already begun to talk to Jeremy. 

Distracting him? Explaining her absence? 

Whichever it was, she had hurried away without a backward glance, anxious to escape in case Jeremy stopped her to ask what she was doing. 

Her legs had been trembling as they carried her across the room and to the far exit and they were barely holding her up now as she waited for the woman—Mimi—to answer her knocks on the door. 

It opened slowly and the smiling redhead that faced her raised a finger to her lips, indicating she was in the middle of a phone conversation. She stood there for a few moments in the doorway, mobile phone to her left ear, posing as if allowing the brunette to study her provocative appearance in the diaphanous black silk robe. Was she wearing anything underneath?

She wondered if Mimi could hear the sound of her heart beating. 

At close quarters, she could see she'd guessed right about the woman's age. Mimi was definitely in her mid forties. Despite herself, her eyes dropped to the thick nipples pushing against the thin material. And when the redhead swung around and wandered back to the middle of the room, her eyes homed in on her tight ass. Whether she was putting on a deliberate show or not, her body looked every bit as sexy as Rachal remembered from the pool. 

"I have to finish, she's here now," Mimi said into the phone, deliberately turning to look into Rachal's startled eyes. "Yes, I've paid for two hours. Oh yeah, she does look a hot little bitch. If I'm not mistaken, she's gagging for it." She laughed huskily. "Of course I'll be gentle, honey. I always am." 

Ending the call, she casually threw the phone onto the nearby chair. "Well, well, well," she murmured. "We meet at last."

Rachal felt the blush that started at her neck rise to cover her face. Had she really just heard that conversation? Her voice was low and hesitant. "You were talking about me on the phone?"

The redhead looked at her as if she was stupid. "Who else?"

Rachal bristled. "What did you mean? Paid for two hours?"

Mimi laughed again, throwing her head back. It was a sexy noise, one that came from the back of her throat. "You're joshing me?"

Her face coloured further. "No—"

"How wonderful," the older woman almost purred, sexily cocking her head to one side. "You really don't know, do you?"

"I've told you that," Rachal answered, trying to keep the frustration out of her voice. She had no intention of being treated like a piece of meat... and yet the little pinpricks of heat that were finding their way across her body were already fuelling her arousal.

The redhead laughed again. "I paid Lana for a two hour session with you."

"Paid her?"

Mimi slowly raised her hands to her hair, sweeping it through her thick curls. "But of course. You've never been paid for sex before?"

It was as if the woman had slapped her in the face. Despite herself, she couldn't disguise her shock. She momentarily thought of turning on her heels and walking out, but there'd be consequences to that. "That's ridiculous. I'm not—"

"What?" Mimi interrupted, crossing her arms over her chest and raising one eyebrow. "You're not a prostitute, a whore? But I'm afraid you are, my dear, for the next two hours at least. I've paid good money to your Mistress for your services and I intend to get full value. And if you please me, I'll purchase you for a full night sometime. You'd like that, wouldn't you..."

"There must be some mistake," Rachal quickly rasped, urgency in her voice. This definitely wasn't what she was expecting.

"No mistake." 

Mimi smiled at her as she shrugged her shoulders. With a theatrical flourish, she pulled free one side of the tie on her robe and then the other. With a soft shimmy, it floated to the floor. Cocking her head again, she presented her naked body to the astounded girl. The freckles that covered her face ran down to cover her cleavage and there were no visible bikini lines to interfere with her deep tan. 

"You like?" her sultry voice asked, as Rachal's eyes were unable to resist the urge to take in the small breasts, long hard nipples, and then continue their downward journey to rest on the smooth mound and very wet labial lips.

"There's no mistake," Mimi continued, her amused eyes telling the girl there was no escape. Sauntering sexily towards her, she fingered the collar around Rachal's neck. "We both know what this means," she said, staring straight into the shocked eyes. "Lana is your Mistress and that means you do as you're told." 

Rachal felt a lump form in her throat. This wasn't a joke, Lana was actually using her as... as... a prostitute? As a lesbian prostitute! Were there really such things? 

Mimi slowly wandered in a circle around her body, placing one foot slowly ahead of the next as if in slow motion. Every now and again, she reached out to touch the girl. Behind her, Rachal could feel her hot breath against her ear. 

"Tonight, you're a prostitute, my dear, a common whore. My whore!" The older woman stroked her fingers across her forearm, creating little shivers of heat. "How does it feel to be paid for sex? Some women feel it heightens the experience for them. Doe it yours, Rachal?"

The brunette could hardly catch her breath. It was shocking to be used in such a way... but the tingling arousal beating inside her like a drum. How could she do this, she asked herself, gulping down the lump in her throat. But then Mimi was on the move again, completing the circle and standing in front of her. With a triumphant smile, she curled her manicured fingers around her neck. 

At first, she let the woman pull her against her curvy body. When Mimi's perfect bow lips closed on hers for a long, deep kiss, she allowed the insistent tongue inside her mouth. Oh God...

For a brief moment, she pulled her head away, but Mimi's hand instantly pulled her back, only this time her mouth stopped just short of Rachal's lips. Her movements were slow, as if not to frighten away her prey. "You can't refuse, honey," she said, her free hand caressing the brunette's face. "Face the facts, you've been bought and paid for. And you you were happy enough flaunting your body in front of me at the pool, weren't you?"

Her naked body pushed against Rachal's again and she lowered her lips to brunette's neck, planting little butterfly kisses across her skin. Rachal whimpered. 

"You like that?" Mimi breathed against her skin, but then she was grabbing her dark hair and yanking the brunette's face closer. "Bought and paid for," she whispered as she stared into the confused eyes. "Come with me."

Not sparing the pain, she practically dragged the girl with her through a door to their right and into the adjoining room. It was dominated by a large four-poster bed, with every other item of furniture playing off it. Yanking her head upwards towards the mirrored ceiling, she huskily whispered, "Impressive, isn't it? You'll be able to watch while I fuck you."

Rachal's hands went to her hair when Mimi finally let go. It felt it had nearly been pulled it out by the roots. There was no doubt who was in control. Her heart pumped faster when Mimi rested their foreheads against one another. A mischievous look was all too evident in her green eyes. 

"Tell me, is it Rachal or Rach?"

"Either," she answered, trying to calm her breathing.

"I'll call you Rach, then," Mimi softly said, her tongue flicking over her glossy red lips. "Get on the bed."

Rachal's hesitation was a mistake. Mimi had her by the hair again. "I said get on the fucking bed," she rasped, roughly pushed her flat onto the mattress and following her onto the cream. She threw a leg across her lap. "My whore tonight," she said, unbuttoning the front of Rachal's dress and tugging it open. Her approving green eyes widened. 

"You're a hot little bitch, all right," she purred, stroking the back of her fingertips across the exposed flesh.

"Mimi—" Rachal grunted, but the redhead brought a finger to her lips.

"Ssssh, she whispered, holding the brunette's gaze as she dramatically ripped her bra cups upwards, exposing her full breasts. They bounced twice before settling. "Oh yes," she hissed, dipping her head to suck on a hard nipple. When she pulled it between her teeth, Rachal's body jerked.

"My personal whore," Mimi reminded her, sliding her mouth away. She licked her way back upwards towards Rachal's lips, but stopped a tongue's lick away. Her husky voice was low and persuasive. "You like that thought, don't you, Rach?"

Rachal's heart palpitated as she tried to make sense of what was happening. Her entire body felt alive. She glanced upwards, past Mimi's face to the reflections that bounced back at her from the ceiling mirror. 

"Oh, yes, I can see you do," the redhead told her, adjusting her body to fit her naked pussy against Rachal's thong covered sex. "Let's start gently and then we can take it from there." She pulled one of the brunette's legs up to her shoulder and began to grind. "Feels good?" 

Rachal whimpered again. She suddenly felt faint...

"Watch in the mirror..." Mimi whispered as her pubic bone found her captive's clit. "Is fucking sexy, believe me. If you're really good, I'll use handcuffs the next time. Lana tells me you like being tied up..."

Holding the girl's raised leg tightly against her shoulder, she gripped the toned ass harder as she began to circle her hips in tiny circles.

"Like that?" she gasped, panting now. "Don't tell me you never thought of this when you were teasing me down at the pool. I know I did..."

Rachal's groan confirmed she was hitting the spot. Suddenly, the brunette became a participant. Her hips began to respond, pumping upwards faster as she sought out and then matched the sexy woman's pace. 

Mimi grunted, reaching down to yank the brunette's hair again. "You like it rough?" she rasped, both women feeling the heat now. Her grip tightened as her free hand danced across both their clits.

"Oh God..."

The redhead thrust faster, harder. "Come on bitch, cum for me..."

The words and the friction had their effect. Rachal's thighs started to shake and her throbbing body couldn't hold back. "Oh fuck... oh, God..."

Mimi smiled triumphantly. They were off to a good start.

***

Francesca smiled at Jeremy. The twenty-two year old had been given a task by her Mistress and would carry it out to the best of her considerable ability. 

Seeing Lana concentrating on her new conquest was frustrating and reminded her of her own seduction. She was jealous that her Mistress's attention was elsewhere—though she would never admit that to her—but getting to fuck the brunette's boyfriend would be some consolation at least.

She was jealous of Rachal's time with Mimi, too. The redhead had paid to fuck Francesca more than once and each time she'd exhausted her. Rachal would be experiencing that thrill right now. That made her even more determined to sate her own needs with the man sitting opposite her. 

From what Lana had said, he was rich, too. That made him even more interesting...

Her blue eyes twinkled and she leaned across to hug him. In a friendly way, of course, but he'd be able to feel her curves against him and smell her perfume. "I'm Francesca," she brightly told him. "Lana asked me to keep you company while your girlfriend is away."

"Away?" A frown covered his face. "Where is she? What's happening?"

She threw her hands in the air and her dark brows arched, as though to protest her ignorance "Something to do with work," she dismissively said, crinkling her nose. "That's all I know. She won't be long and until she gets back you've got me. Is that okay?"

Leaning back, she arched her back. Nothing too obvious, Lana had told her, but wear a sexy dress. The white number fit the bill, providing a healthy view of her cleavage and the sheer material made it obvious she wasn't wearing a bra underneath. Her nipples were already hard in anticipation. Lana had made sure Jeremy and Rachal had been supplied with copious amounts of alcohol, and the champagne just arriving at the table would further enhance his intoxicated state.

Soon, his girlfriend would fade into the back of his head and his alcohol-fuelled mind would be focussed on one thing only.

"A present from Lana," she explained as the waiter uncorked and poured the bubbly. Her head tilted to one side and her large eyes sparkled. "I've seen you around the pool with your girlfriend. You're the hottest man at the hotel, you know."

He swallowed it whole. "I am?" His chest pushed out a little further. "Why's that?"

Francesca batted her eyelids again. "Isn't it obvious? You're extremely looking, charismatic, have a good bod and are available."

"Available?"

She gave one of her husky laughs, throwing her head back so that her hair bounced on her shoulders. Dropping a hand to the front of her dress, she stroked along her cleavage as she pretended to ponder her reply. 

"Well, you know... you're single. I mean, I know you're with your girlfriend, but you're not married." Her hand reached out to squeeze his. "Who knows what the night might bring?"

His drowsy eyes narrowed, not helped by the large gulp of the champagne he took. "I'm with Rachal—" 

She laughed again and leant closer, waiting until his eyes dipped into her cleavage before speaking. "Heavens, I know that, Jeremy," she said, squeezing his hand again. "But that doesn't preclude you from having a good time. Besides, I have a rule."

"A rule?" He finished off his drink and reached for the bottle to replenish his glass. Francesca intercepted the move, smiling at him as she provided a refill.

"Oh, definitely," she grinned, placing the bottle back on the table and drawing a pattern with her index finger on the back of his hand. "I don't put out on a first date unless I really like the man." 

She laughed and after a second's hesitation Jeremy laughed with her. When he suddenly glanced around, as if searching for his girlfriend, she cupped his chin and turned his face back to hers. Her sparkling blue eyes were like those of a wild cat homing in on its prey. 

"Now, why don't you relax, Jeremy, and tell me all about yourself..."

***

Rachal lay on her back, catching her breath as her shuddering body returned to normal. Her eyes burned into her reflection in the ceilinged mirror. Her crumpled dress was wide open, her cream thong was damp with her juices and her bra was around her neck. The sight should have made her feel ridiculous but instead, the sluttiness of her appearance inflamed her further. 

Mimi came into view in the mirror as she returned from the bathroom. Rachal's head twisted to look at her. 

"There," the redhead smiled. "Nice and fresh again. You're ready for round two, I hope?"

Before she girl could answer, Mimi slid across her body, her knees pinioning her arms to the bed as she settled her thighs either side of the prone girl's head. Rising up on her haunches, her sex close to the brunette's face, she slid a hand to her labia as if in silent confirmation as to what was to follow.

"Ready for me?" she asked, groaning sexily as she worked two fingers deep inside her juicy cunt. "Want it?"

Her knees held Rachal's arms in check as she pushed up higher and invited the girl to gaze at her most intimate parts as if she were bestowing a gift. Removing her juice covered fingers with a wet slurp, she ran them slowly back and forth across her captive's lips. "Come on baby, taste those juices."

Rachal's resistance lasted seconds only. Unable to deny herself, the enamoured girl's tongue licked across her lips, savouring the taste.

"Nice?" Mimi asked, this time pushing the fingers between the half open lips. There was no hesitation this time—and she grunted in satisfaction as the girl sucked them clean. "That's it, baby. Who's a sexy little bitch..."

Raising her body again, she settled unhurriedly across Rachal's face, resting the palms of her hands on the bed as she teased her labia across the girl's lips. It brought an involuntary moan from her captive. Almost lazily, she began graze her sex against the submissive mouth, closing her eyes and groaning with each gentle undulation. Pushing down harder, her labial lips folded about the girl's mouth.

"Tongue, baby. Give me that tongue. Oh yesss, that's such a good girl."

Her hips ground down harder as her fingers entwined around the back of the girl's head. She adored these moments and the raw, feminine, power she exuded. 

With a throaty growl, she ignored the girl's discomfort and began to languorously ride her face. Her knees pushed down harder on Rachal's arms, ensuring that the brunette had no choice but to endure the moment. Not that her prisoner was objecting. The hot bitch's tongue was probing even deeper. Slowly, her movements became less controlled as her arousal grew. 

"Oh fuck... like that, baby..." Giving a low groan as her climax surged through her, she lifted her body and as the brunette opened her lips to breathe in air she squirted, covering her captive's mouth with warm juices. 

"Fuck yeaaahhhh," she screamed, her body flexing as another squirt hit the girl's face and body. Then a third... 

It took a while before she yielded up the last drops and even as her body shook with the aftershocks, she began to slither backwards. 

"You liked that, didn't you, you sexy little bitch," she gasped, starting to sensually lick her juices from the brunette's shocked face.

***

The bubbly had flowed with the conversation and after some initial hesitation, Jeremy had begun to loosen up and talk about himself. Like most men, he'd seemed to enjoy that. He'd described himself as a financier, and had smiled when Francesca had cheekily asked if that translated into rich playboy. 

The young brunette had made sure he drank most of the champagne, constantly laughing a lot and touching him each time she spoke. When she'd dropped her hand onto his thigh at a convenient point, he'd made no effort to remove it. 

Shortly afterwards, with her fingernails gently running in circles across his thigh, she'd decided the time was right to take him next door to the night club. He was in that hazy state where he'd had far too much to drink but didn't quite know it. Perfect. Circling her arm around his waist, she'd helped him with his unsteady steps and directed them to the small booth Lana had made sure was available.

Within minutes, she'd taken him onto the dance floor. It was all he could do to stand there and she'd teased him a little, spinning and swaying around him to the sultry Latin beat. Occasionally she'd pressed her lithe body against his and circled her arms around his neck as though to kiss him. But each time his head dipped to hers, she laughed and tantalisingly spun away again. 

If he'd been still wondering where Rachal was, he hadn't mentioned it for some time.

"You know, with a little practice, you could be a good dancer," she lied into his ear. "But why don't we rest for a while?" Guiding him back to the booth, she raised the glass of fresh bubbly that Lana had provided. "To sex," she giggled. 
