 Chapter 5: Rachal passes her test 

Rachal lay back on the bed, grunting incoherently as Lana thrust the thick phallus inside her and then withdrew. "Oh fuck," she gasped yet again, pushing her hips up to meet the wonderful intruder and throwing her head back onto the pillow.

Her session with Mimi had been an experience to remember—the redhead had been so incredibly rough with her strap-on—but Lana was something else altogether. 

Just the sight of the blonde skinhead instantly sent shivers of desire through her. That sexy naked body with the tattoo of a dragon that curled from just under her deliciously plump breasts, around her stomach, and stopped just above her perfectly smooth pussy, never failed to get her heart beating faster. 

Last night, the butch woman had unexpectedly let herself into Rachal's bedroom, waking the brunette to let her watch while she removed her dress to reveal her nakedness underneath. Naked, that was, except for the black strap on dildo...

Rachal's sleepy excitement levels had soared into the stratosphere.

Her hands curled around Lana's thrusting hips. Jeremy had never fucked her like this before, no man had. He'd been very quiet with her the morning after her session with Mimi, but if he suspected anything he hadn't confronted her. He'd be arriving back in England about now, but Lana had insisted she found an excuse to stay at the hotel until she had concluded her 'initial' training, the skinhead had said. 

It hadn't been easy, but of course she'd done exactly what her Mistress had asked without question. Jeremy had been pissed-off, but so what? And her work was accommodating with her when she told them she'd picked up something infectious.

Just keep us advised and return as soon as you're well enough, they'd said.

Another piston like bursts brought her thoughts back to the present and her clawing fingers grabbed at the white bedsheets either side of her. "Oh fuck..." 

"Exactly," the skinhead huskily panted, bending forward and sliding her long tongue inside Rachal's mouth. It flicked around the brunette's teeth, gums and even threatened to slide down into her throat.

Mimi was all roughness and while Rachal had had no idea that could be such a turn on, Lana was a marvellously inventive lover. The butch woman was never still, constantly changing position and the pace of her lovemaking.

One moment she would lean forward to run her incredibly long tongue along Rachal's throat, lips and neck and the next she was sitting up on her knees—her breasts and that tattoo dancing erotically in front of her glazed eyes. 

One moment she'd grab Rachal's hair like Mimi had done, fucking her hard and fast, and the next she was kissing her softly, undulating in gentle circular motions that sent electrical-like impulses all the way from the brunette's needy pussy to her clouded brain. 

And when she leant backwards, bending like a contortionist and grabbing Rachal's ankles so that the girl had a clear view of their union, it was impossible for the brunette not to scream out another orgasm. Then Lana would cum—the vibrating dong inserted into her own sex resulted echoing every sensation Rach was feeling.

Each shift in position brought a different angle and with it a different friction. Lana had told her she had much to learn and this was like a masterclass.

She had no idea how many climaxes her Mistress had given her since sneaking into her bedroom, but her whimpers confirmed that another wasn't too far away. 

"I'm very pleased with you," Lana huskily panted down at her, slowing the pace as she recognised the signs. "Such an obedient little slut, aren't you?"

Rachal murmured an approving reply. Her excitement at being complemented was enhanced by the slutty names Lana called her. Reaching up, she cupped the skinhead's gently swaying breasts and palmed her nipples in the way she'd learned that the skinhead adored.

"Mmm, good girl," the butch woman purred, rewarding her pet with another long kiss. But just as the moment felt all tender again, Lana took her breath away by putting in another series of piston like pumps. 

"Ngh..."

The skinhead snarled at her. "Tell me, my pet, was Mimi better than me?"

Rachal shook her head as she stared up into those dominating eyes. This butch woman was simply the hottest sexual creature she'd ever experienced, man or woman. "No," she said, her heart pumping so fast that she had to breathe deeply between each word. "I loved the way Mimi treated me—"

"Like her paid-for whore..." 

The words found their way to Rachal's core. 

Yes, that was exactly how the redhead had used her. Like her whore, her slut. 

But even that intense session couldn't compare to her Mistress. "Yes," she eventually acknowledged. "But you fulfil every need I've ever had and just when I feel satisfied, you take me even higher. I've never felt so alive."

"Such a good little bitch," Lana imperiously told her, as if the compliment was her right. "Like this?"

Sitting up further on one knee, she began to pump fast and hard again. 

"Oh fuck... shit..." 

The feelings were becoming just too much again and once the orgasm began Rachal knew it wouldn't stop. When Lana's long tongue assaulted her skin, she twisted her head to the side on the pillow, exposing more of her neck to her Mistress. 

"That's it, babygirl," the butch skinhead sexily whispered, rotating her hips in circles again. "Why don't you show me what you want?"

Rachal reacted to the challenge by thrusting her whole body upwards, hard and almost out of control. She was so aroused she could scream. 

But she was no match for her provocative lover. With a sneer of triumph, Lana placed her hands over the girl's magnificent breasts—possessing them—and then firing out yet another series of machine-gun like thrusts. 

"Oh Shit.... Oh Fuckkkkk..." 

Rachal wrapped her legs around her lover's back as she tried to hold on. Her body ached and screamed as she flexed and thrust it upwards, only her shoulders and the soles of her feet on the bed. This butch woman was too much, driving her into a state of sexual bliss she never wanted to end. 

But just as another inevitable orgasm threatened to sweep across her body, Lana teasingly eased off again, leaving her panting and wanting more. She pushed her hips upwards, her entire body trembling with arousal, trying to reach her nirvana, but Lana was having none of it. 

"I have another task for you later today," she whispered to her, dipping her head and curling her long tongue around the girl's erect right nipple. She captured the bud like a lasso, pulling it taut and hard and making her sexy little pet whimper like the bitch she was. "It's another woman who wants sex with you. You're quite in demand, my pet. News of what a hot little whore you are is spreading quickly."

Rachal's eyes rolled into the back of her head. The words inflamed her senses. She hadn't challenged Lana about being paid for sex and yet the skinhead was talking about the subject as if it had been discussed and agree between them. 

"You like the idea, don't you?" Lana continued, slowing into measured movements so that only the very tip of the phallus was running along Rachal's labia. Another whimper of arousal escaped the brunette's throat and she raised her hips for better contact. Lana grinned. "You like being a paid-for whore?"

Rachal tried to speak but her chest had tightened and her breath was coming in irregular spurts. She closed her eyes in an attempt to shut out the lewd thoughts.

"But more of that later," she heard the throaty growl in her ear. "For now, my precious young slut... you need one more cum for your Mistress. C'mon, my sweet little bitch, then I'll let you go down on me. You'd like that wouldn't you?"

Rachal's lust fuelled eyes opened to engulf the eroticism of Lana's bouncing breasts just as the skinhead began to thrust harder again. Their wet, sweaty skin slapped where it touched, noisily and sensually. The room was suddenly full of the smacking flesh. Pumping back, the brunette dropped her hands to Lana's hips, pushing her away and then helping the blonde skinhead to drive back down again. 

The throaty sounds escaping her mouth were unintelligible. 

Lana snarled in satisfaction at the girl's final capitulation and eased into a squat position as she gave her little bitch another volley of machine-gun like thrusts. When the full force of the orgasm unleashed itself, the brunette began to wail like a banshee...

***

Lana nodded approvingly as Rachal smoothed the dress in place. She'd chosen it personally for her pet to wear during her liaison tonight. 

Despite spending half of the night and most of the morning in bed together, she was still aroused. It was such a shame that her newest conquest needed to fly back to England tomorrow, but that would be a temporary hiatus. She'd be in daily contact with her little bitch and had already made plans to visit her. All that the girl needed was a little time, and some additional persuasion, and she'd become a permanent member of Lana's enclave of pets. 

Whether that was in England, or here, the butch skinhead had yet to decide.

The one thing that Rachal had no idea of—yet—was that all three rooms on the top floor had cameras installed and that every encounter was secretly filmed. The cameras served more than simply a voyeuristic purpose, of course. Should one of her pets ever become reluctant, or one of her clients ever became difficult, she had all the evidence she needed to convince them to comply with her wishes.

"You're looking forward to seeing Mrs. Mandeville tonight?" she asked.

Racahl's head jerked up. Mrs. Mandeville? It had never occurred to her that any of her... clients... could be married. It seemed that Lana read her quizzical look.

"Oh, yes, it's the married ladies we need to satisfy the most," she smiled, walking behind the brunette and cupping her breasts through the dress. "This one is very rich. She'll pretend to be reluctant of course, that's part of the game, but as this is your last task before I temporarily allow you to return to England, I expect it to be your finest performance. I hope I make myself clear?"

"Of course," Rachal moaned. Her tits felt so full and warm in those wonderful hands. When the butch skinhead flicked her thumbs over each hard nipple already protruding through the material, she couldn't help herself and swung her head around, bringing her open mouth to Lana's for a long, needy kiss. 

It felt good, almost too good, but with a tinge of embarrassment, she pulled away. She knew full well she did nothing without her Mistress's permission. 

"I'm... I'm sorry."

"I'll forgive your forwardness on this occasion," Lana huskily told her. For someone who so innocently sweet at times, this girl could be such a hot little bitch. 

For a few seconds she told herself that Mrs. Mandeville would be waiting, but then she gave in to the urge. Flopping backwards onto the bed, she reached under her skirt and hurriedly yanked her panties down her thighs. Lewdly spreading her legs, she watched the brunette's eyes narrow at the sight of her glistening labia.

"We only just have time," she said, her voice a soft whisper. Reaching for Rachal's hair, she slowly pulled the girl's sexy face to the Promised Land. "You already have your Mistress nice and wet. Time to worship..."

***

Lana had insisted that Rachal shouldn't freshen up. She wanted the orgasmic juices she'd smeared across the girl's face to remain there while she entertained Kay Mandeville. A constant late night reminder of her Mistress, she'd said.

The butch skinhead had told her that her client for the next couple of hours would be awkward, but that she wanted her pet to put into practice what learned so far. It was her final test. Don't even think about it. Just do it.

Room 502 was next to the suite in which she'd entertained Mimi and the difference this time was that she had a keycard to let herself into the room.

Kay Mandeville was waiting for her when she entered, sitting in an armchair towards the far end of the room. Don't speak until you're spoken to, Lana had insisted and so the brunette had stood there waiting for some sort of greeting while the woman stared at her. 

When she did speak, it was a simple but firm "Turn around," instruction. 

The accent was upper class and the words were accompanied by a condescending twirl of the woman's fingers. Rachal's nervousness increased as she felt the piercing blue eyes covering her body. It was as if the woman was physically groping her. 

"Turn back," the voice commanded, nodding approvingly. "The package is acceptable," she patronisingly said, that upper class accent coming through again. "Why don't we see what's underneath?"

Rachal hesitated momentarily and Kay Mandeville impatiently waved an arm. 

"You understand English, I assume? Take off the dress. Slowly."

Rachal fumbled in her nervousness as she reached for the zipper at the back of her dress. This was a client. She was being paid. Her trembling fingers pulled the zip downwards and then dropped the spaghetti shoulder straps to her waist. The woman's barely audible gasp at the sight of her cleavage spilling over the black plunge bra was encouraging. 

Throwing her head back as she looked into the woman's piercing eyes, she shimmied the dress over her shapely hips, revealing the swell of her buttocks that were barely covered by the skimpy, matching thong. One thing she'd learnt was that her body gave her all the control and she was going to use it. This woman wasn't going to intimidate her. Take control, Lana had told her. Make it your finest performance.

"Good," was the only comment Kay Mandeville gave, although the involuntary lick of her lips suggested she was pleased by what she saw. "Well, you know why you're here," she growled, covering up any sign of appreciation. "Let's see you dance."

For a second, she froze and her breath caught in her throat "Dance?"

"Don't keep me waiting," the woman said, running a hand across her mane of light blonde hair. "I like to see my girl's dance. Do it..."

Rachal paused. Did Lana know of this? Was it part of the test, putting her in an uncomfortable situation? Make up a song in your head, she told herself, closing her eyes. She'd be dancing for her Mistress, not this woman. 

The thought worked—at least a little—and her hips began to sway to the imaginary music. Reaching into her hair, she found the tie of her ponytail and released it, tossing the long, dark waves about her shoulders like a girl in a television commercial. Now she knew why Lana had insisted she tie her hair that way. 

Suddenly, it felt easier. 

She turned up the imaginary music in her mind and threw her head back. Her hands rose to her neck, and then slowly began their downward journey, across her cleavage, cupping her breasts through the bra. 

Eyes narrowed, her thoughts stayed on Lana. Before she returned to England, she would dance for her Mistress this way—please her, make her want her. In a brief instant, her nipples were hard. Head back, she ran her tongue across her lips so that she could taste her Mistress's tangy juices from their earlier lovemaking. The aroma had been in her nostrils since she'd departed to meet Mrs. Mandeville and now she savoured it on her lips. 

She growled softly. That was much better...

Swaying her hips more sensually to the beat inside her head, she widened her stance and bent forward at the waist, swinging her hips left and then right. Her hands ran down to her inner thighs, caressing them before locking behind her back, allowing the woman to see her full, swaying body in all its glory.

Kay Mandeville reacted instantly, emitting a soft, throaty growl and then opening her legs a little on the chair. 

Letting the heat escape, Rachal giggled to herself. It gave her more confidence. Lana had told her to wrest control from the woman and that's exactly what she was doing. She sexily planted one leg in front of the other and confidently sashayed towards the chair. It was her body that gave her the power and a few steps away she swung around suddenly, presenting her thong-clad ass to the woman.

Glancing over her shoulder, she flicked her tongue across her wet lips and met those piercing eyes once more. The growing lust in them gave her an additional boost of adrenalin. Swinging her hips tantalisingly slowly, she allowed the woman's gaze to feast on her ass. Want it, her body was silently asking. Want this body—want this ass? 

Another surge of heat passed across her body and she decided to take the action up another level. This might be pushing the boundaries to the limit but why not? With Lana's encouragement, she could do anything. Backing up between the woman's legs, she lowered her near-naked body into her lap. 

Let's see what reaction that brought...

Bending forward, she grinded down against the woman. For a few seconds, Kay Mandeville didn't respond, other than the heavy gasp and the way her body tensed. Then all of a sudden her hands went to Rachal's hips, trying to regain control and push the undulating brunette away from her.

Rachal didn't give the married woman time to think. Grabbing the woman's hands, she dragged them from her hips to her tits, mashing them into her bra covered flesh while she ground down harder into her lap.

Another gasp, another groan—Kay Mandeville was feeling the heat now as much as she was.

Without warning, she reached behind and unhooked her bra, her nipples hardening further when the air hit them. Fuck, she suddenly felt on fire! Who needed music? The sound of both sets of heavy breathing was encouragement enough. She arched her back, digging her shoulder blades into the woman's ample chest while making quick little rotations with her hips. 

Kay Mandeville groaned again and her hands returned to Rachal's breasts again, this time of their own volition. Rachal allowed her to mash them, feeling the panting woman's hot breath on her neck as she squeezed her erect nipples. Smiling wickedly over her shoulder, she closed the gap between their mouths as if for a kiss but then swung away at the last moment as the on-edge woman responded.

Rising to her feet, she bent forward, hooking her thumbs into her thong and looking back at her through her open thighs as she dragged it down her long legs. Slowly swinging her naked ass from one side to the other, she allowed the older woman a view of the treasure that would soon be hers.

Swinging back, she bent low enough to allow her to toss her long, dark locks between the woman's legs. Her hands slowly pushed Kay Mandeville's skirt up her thighs, revealing a sliver of tanned skin above her nude coloured stockings. 

"Sexy..." she huskily breathed, staring up into the woman's transfixed gaze and provocatively biting down on her bottom lip.

Placing a hand on each knee she pushed herself upwards, scraping her naked breasts up and along the woman's body until they were opposite her face. Kay Mandeville gave a sharp intake of breath as Rachal teased her nipples feather light across her panting client's lips. They opened immediately, suckling one and then the other.

Rachal smiled as she slid off the woman again. Who was in control now?

"Want them, Mrs. Mandeville?" she huskily asked, crooking an arm around the woman's neck, pulling her head closer. Her other hand went between her client's legs, rubbing her fingers along the damp thong clad pussy.

The woman whimpered.

"Want me?" she huskily breathed, pulling her hand away and sucking one of her fingers into her mouth. "Mmm, oh yes, I can see you do..."

***

Kay Mandeville allowed the sexy girl to pull her out of the chair. Her legs were unsteady as she stood, captivated by the moment. Her moist sex grew damper. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. She always maintained control.
