 Part One

I first met Mistress Jane through the Internet. Like me, she was from Australia, so we automatically felt a connection, even though she was a very dominant bi-sexual and I'm straight woman in a kinky sort of way. We soon became good friends, and I enjoyed hearing about the things she did with submissive women while I described my encounters with guys in detail. We spoke about our fantasies and told each other our deepest, darkest secrets. Over time the friendship continued to grow stronger, so when I had to attend my cousins wedding in her hometown, I was thrilled that we would finally get to meet. We arranged to meet for a light lunch at a local hotel before I attended the wedding at 3pm. I was on a very tight time schedule and had to fly out early the morning after the wedding, but neither of us wanted to miss the opportunity to meet, even if it was brief. We would have plenty of time to chat online when I returned home.

Jane was sitting at a table sipping a drink as I entered the quiet hotel bar. She didn't appear to notice me at first, so I silently observed her for a few moments. She was very attractive with long dark hair and chiseled features. The online pictures I had seen didn't do her beauty justice. She turned her head in my direction, and as our eyes locked, a cold shiver ran down my spine. She had the most incredible steel blue eyes that I had ever seen. I smiled nervously and made my way over to the table. As she stood up to greet me, I was overwhelmed by her height. She towered over me even though I considered myself to be fairly tall for a woman. She quickly took my hands in hers and pulled me into tight embrace. The smell of her perfume was intoxicating, and I became very conscious of her womanly curves molding into mine as she held our embrace. I reminded myself that I was straight, and forced myself to break the hold. 

Soon the conversation started to flow easily between us, and I began to feel very relaxed in her company. She signaled for the barmaid, a petite young blonde woman, to pour us some drinks. She explained the barmaid's name was Brooke as I watched her bring the drinks to our table I was more than slightly surprised when Mistress Jane ran her hand up the back of Brooke's leg and up under her short skirt. I heard the barmaid let out a small moan of pleasure, and I realized that Jane's practiced fingers were probing deep into her young pussy. I thought sure that Mistress Jane's eyes became an even deeper shade of blue as she removed her hand from under Brooke's skirt and held up three wet fingers to let the young girl clean off her own juice. 

"That will be all for now Brooke," she stated coolly to the barmaid. 

"Yes, Mistress Jane," came the simple reply as Brooke made her way back behind the bar to await her next task. 

At this point I was desperately trying to convince myself that I was straight since my own juices were now soaking my panties. Mistress Jane continued on with our conversation as though nothing out of the ordinary had taken place. As I finished the last of my drink, I was very curious to see what happened when Brooke delivered the next round. When she returned, I was a bit disappointed that she stood on my side of the table and out of Mistress Jane's reach. However, as Brooke reached past me to place our drinks on the table, I could see she was staring down my low cut top. As she stood up she ran her hand over my breasts and slipped it inside my bra. As she gently worked my nipple with her fingers, it became instantly hard and aroused. The arousal and sensations seemed to go straight to my clit, which had now become equally as hard. 

I faintly heard Mistress Jane suggest that I give Brooke her tip this time, and my hand, almost involuntarily crept up in between her legs until my fingers found her dripping wet pussy. I slid one finger, then two inside her. She parted her legs wider so I could get in deeper. I felt Mistress Jane's foot run up the inside of my leg and I let out a small gasp as her toes started to rub my engorged clit under the table. I had become totally submissive to them and my orgasm quickly approached. I was still in the throes of an incredible peak when I heard Mistress Jane say in a firm voice 

"Now lick your fingers, Mel, and show Brooke how much you appreciate her service." 

I removed my fingers from her pussy and licked off every drop of her juice. Mistress Jane downed her drink, stood up and came around to my side of the table. Her lips found mine, and we engaged in a very deep and passionate kiss. A kiss made even more arousing by the taste of Brooke's pussy juice still in my mouth.

"Meet us back here at 11pm after the wedding reception and don't be late," she ordered.

I simply replied "Yes, Mistress Jane" and she walked out the door.

Part 2

I made my way back to the motel where I was staying and carefully prepared myself for the upcoming wedding. It was a fairly lavish affair, so I slipped on a little black dress and let my long hair tumble loose around my shoulders. With the help of some make-up and elegant jewelry, I felt I was looking sophisticated and sexy.

The ceremony was magical, and judging by the amount of attention I was getting by the eligible bachelors, I apparently was looking hot. Normally at a wedding reception I'd be screening the single guys, looking for a potential fuck buddy to take back to the motel room, but tonight my eyes wouldn't stop wandering towards the women. There were some very attractive ladies in the room showing a lot of skin in their sexy outfits. After a few glasses of champagne I was feeling so naughty I went to the toilet, slipped of my panties and stuffed them in my bag.

The sexy meeting I'd experienced earlier on with Mistress Jane was still buzzing in my head. The way I let her control me and bring me to orgasm with her toes in a public place was the most erotic and addictive feeling I'd ever experienced. I was looking forward to the next meeting at 11pm, but up until then I would have a little fun at the wedding reception. As I watched the dance floor, I found myself getting excited watching the women. Their breasts and curves shaking under their slinky attire mesmerized me.

As the evening progressed and the champagne flowed, the body contact between the dancers was becoming more brazen. My dance moves were concentrated on avoiding the stray hands and gyrating hips of the men while trying to manipulate my body to rub against those lovely curvaceous ladies. One of the bridesmaids was also playing my game, and as inconspicuously as possible we explored each other's bodies while dancing.

I was having a great time. The alcohol glow coupled with the erotic thoughts of the upcoming meet with Mistress Jane was taking me to a whole new level of horniness. The crowded dance floor was providing the entertainment for the seated guests, and many eyes were on the bridesmaid and me as she pushed herself into my body. When a man dancing behind me stumbled and fell against me, it knocked me off balance. I could feel myself falling but was unable to do anything to stop. As I landed onto the dance floor I was momentarily stunned. My short dress flew up and my legs were sprawled wide exposing my pussy to everyone in the room. I was horrified. I knew my pussy was swollen and aroused from all the dirty dancing, and my clit was sticking out like a mini erection for all to see. 

It seemed like several minutes passed before a few guests helped me back onto my feet. I quietly moved back to my table to gather together my possessions. Bidding my farewell to the bride and groom I left the function trying to hold my head up high even though I knew I was the topic of conversation of all the guests.

It was nearly time for my date with Mistress Jane and as the taxi took me back to the hotel I desperately tried to compose myself from the most embarrassing situation I had ever encountered.

Part 3

I arrived at the hotel a little bit earlier than expected since I'd left the wedding ceremony in such a hurry. I was surprised by the number of people gathered around the bar drinking and playing pool, a total change from the quiet atmosphere of our earlier meeting. I still felt like the center of attention as I made my way through the rowdy crowd in my little black dress. I was the new face in town and way over-dressed for the venue, so it wasn't surprising.

I wanted to slip my panties back on before I accidentally exposed myself again. My eyes scanned the room for the women's toilet. I breathed a sigh of relief when I spotted the sign across the room. As a walked toward the door, my dress was feeling shorter by the minute. I was almost to there when I felt a hand grab my arm. As it spun me around I came face to face with the radiant Mistress Jane looking even hotter than before in a tight pair of jeans and a revealing top the same shade of deep blue as her eyes. 

I quickly explained with embarrassment what had happened on the dance floor at the wedding reception. Although she listened with sympathy, her hand wasn't moving off my arm. In fact she was pulling me towards the pool table and telling me I could worry about putting my panties on later. She had seen me come in and set up a game of doubles with a couple of the local boys, and it was my shot. 

I started to protest but she gave me that piercing look with her deep blue eyes and all I could say was "yes mistress Jane" as she handed me the cue.

As I leaned over the table to shoot, I was very conscious of my dress riding up but unsure of exactly how much was visible from behind. Thankfully, Mistress Jane stood close blocking most of the view. As I pulled back on the stick to hit the cue ball a shiver ran through me. I felt a finger creep up my dress and brush over my pussy gently tracing my wet folds. The sudden intrusion caused me to almost totally miss my shot.

As I straightened up, I nervously scanned the room looking for signs that we'd been noticed, but fortunately it seemed we hadn't. Throughout the game she took every opportunity to secretly touch and caress my pussy. A trickle of juice had started to run down the inside of my leg. When one of the guys finally won the game, I noticed more and more eyes looking in our direction. However, it had become apparent to the crowd that I was the property of Mistress Jane.

She congratulated the guys on their win, and turned to me and ordered me to give them their prize. Puzzled, I asked what we were playing for thinking it would be a round of drinks at worse. I was shocked when she replied "orgasms." She pointed out that since I was into guys and she wasn't, I needed to fix them up. As we walked towards a back room she winked and said, "Oral will be fine, save that sweet pussy for me."

She stopped at the door, and I proceeded in with the two guys I'd only just met. By the time I dropped to my knees, two hard cocks where out and waiting to be rewarded. I took the first cock in my mouth and worked it with my lips while I stroked the second cock in my hand. Then I gave the other cock a long hard suck while I pulled the first. I continued to swap from one to the other sucking and stroking their throbbing cocks in unison until they showered my face with their warm cum. They thanked me for paying the bet, then zipped up and left the room leaving me to clean up their sticky deposit as best I could.

I found Mistress Jane perched up at the bar talking to Brooke who looked to be quitting for the night. She grabbed a bottle of bourbon from behind the bar and suggested we go upstairs to her room for some drinks. We all agreed that seemed like a good idea.

Part 4

As we entered Brooke's room, it was like I'd stepped into another realm. It was small and fairly dark, and as my eyes adjusted to the dull lamplight, I looked in amazement at the sexual fantasy scenes before me. She had decorated it with pictures of sexy female warriors and mistresses with their collared subjects. The whole room was permeated with lesbian sex. It was a place to live out deep and erotic fantasies. The centerpiece of the room was a four-post bed with the most amazing tapestry covering it. It had a life-size picture of a dominating mistress wearing a black, full-length, crotch-less leather outfit. She was holding up a whip to discipline her cringing sub.

As the door closed behind us, it was like a spell was cast. Mistress Jane immediately changed into her dominant persona. She was no longer my Internet friend with whom I'd shared my inner most thoughts. She had transformed into my master, and I wanted to be controlled by her. She commanded Brooke to get changed and fix us some drinks, then turned towards me and said in a serious voice.

"Now Mel, I heard something disturbing about you the other day, some-one told me you prefer cocks to pussies, is this true Mel? Do you prefer to have a male ramming his hard cock into all your holes than to have the gentle and knowing touch of a woman? I saw how much you loved sucking those two cocks. They were strangers passing through town, and when I asked them if they wanted to play pool for a head-job, they jumped at it. Then when they pumped their seed all over your face, you lapped it up like the whore you are. What should I do with you now that you've come here begging for our womanly touch? Should I punish you? Should I teach you a lesson you'll never forget?" 

Her look as she asked these things demanded an answer. I was a feeling a little spooked but excited as I replied.

"Yes Mistress Jane, I've been a bad girl, I'll do anything to earn your forgiveness."

By this time Brooke had returned wearing a soft pink teddy. Her blonde hair was tied up in ponytails giving her the appearance of sweet and innocent schoolgirl. She carried two drinks and handed one to Mistress Jane and started sipping on the other. Obviously I wasn't worthy of a drink.

"Remove your clothes, Mel, and get on the bed. Brooke, I want you to cuff her." she commanded. 

Without hesitation we both sprung into action. I peeled my black dress off as I headed to the bed. Brooke retrieved the cuffs from her drawer and clicked them to my wrists, fastening me to the bedposts. Mistress Jane started to talk to Brooke as if I wasn't even in the room.

"Mel has admitted to lusting after cocks, but now she's realized that men can't satisfy her like a woman can, and she's begged for us to please her. I'm not sure if she's learned her lesson. I think she still loves cock way too much, so I've come up with a plan. We'll take turns with her. I'm going to fuck her like a man with my nine inch strap-on while you show her what a woman can do with her tongue and her fingers. Her body won't lie to us like her mouth does. You start while I strap-on my dick."

Brooke advanced towards me eager to do what her Mistress had ordered. She climbed over my body, and her lips found mine. She kissed me softly at first, and I responded instantly. As the kiss deepened, our tongues started to explore the other's mouth. As she ran her smooth hands over my body caressing my breasts, her soft lips trailed down my neck. She tasted my body and hungrily found my nipple ... first teasing one, then the other with her tongue and lips. 

I could feel desire washing through me. I wanted to feel her soft lips on my pussy more than I'd ever wanted the hard cock of a man inside me. As though reading my mind, her lips started to move down my navel towards my swollen clit. I was desperate to feel the sensations of a woman's delicate mouth. Oh, she was so close. All my senses were tuned into her touch when I suddenly heard a voice of unquestioned authority.

"My turn, and right now!"

Brooke stopped abruptly and obediently hopped off the bed. There standing over me was Mistress Jane dressed exactly like the Mistress on the bed cover in a black full-length crotch-less leather outfit. However, she wasn't holding a whip. Instead she wore a big, thick, black strap-on dildo. With her hair tied back and some charcoal on the remaining skin she looked like a naked black man.

Part 5

Seeing Mistress Jane standing over me dressed as a black man with a huge cock was both exciting and frightening. During our frequent Internet conversations I had confided that my ultimate fantasy was to be cuffed to the bed by my lover as he uses his tongue on my pussy to take me to the edge of orgasm, but he doesn't allow me the ultimate pleasure of climax. As I hover on the brink of release, he informs me he's going out for a drink with the neighbors and leaves me there bound ... vulnerable and desperate to be filled. Minutes later I hear my bedroom window slide open, and I smile to myself thinking my lover is playing games and has come back to give me the release I crave so badly. As I look up expecting to see his teasing grin, I'm shocked to see a black man standing over me holding his huge, hard cock. Against my cries of protest he fucks me deep and hard. That giant cock forces itself into my month, my pussy, and then into my ass. Never in my wildest dreams did I think it would ever happen. But now I was naked and secured to the bed knowing what my fate was to be. It looked like my day of reckoning had come.

"Please, Mistress Jane," I begged. "Don't take me with that big black cock. It's too big. I can't take all that cock," I pleaded, my fear actually rising now that my fantasy was coming true.

My jaw dropped when she said in a firm masculine voice, "You are not allowed to speak during your punishment. If it happens again, I will use the whip. Is that clear?" 

I nodded my head in acceptance, not really knowing what she was capable of doing to me if I went against her demands. I was really starting to fear how far this would go.

In one swift movement she rolled me onto my side and moved behind me. She lifted up my leg to expose my holes, which are both wet and slick from Brooke's tender arousal. Without hesitation she jams the brutal cock deep into my pussy. I try and fight back the gasp of pain as she forces the thick black dildo into my unwilling hole. Instantly she is thrusting deep and fast inside me. I want to scream out that it was too big and splitting me in two, but I knew she'd severely punish me for breaking my silence.

She continued to drive it into me hard and fast. My pussy slowly relaxes and adapts to the size and the pain becomes pleasure under her constant onslaught. My clit is now hard and demanding attention as my pussy is filled almost beyond its limitations. Jane reaches around and rubs hard on my sensitive button, and I start to grind my pussy onto her cock. I realize that I'm close to cumming, but just as swiftly as she began, she pulled the huge dildo out of me and jumped off the bed. Once again I'm left frustrated and near an orgasm. As my arousal slowly subsides, my pussy is left feeling numb and sore from the battering it received.

Brooke appeared on the bed beside me totally naked with her long hair tumbling seductively around her shoulders. Her body was gorgeous, totally devoid of any body hair. She was so feminine and tasty I almost forgot about the discomfort Mistress Jane had caused with her over-sized cock. She straddled my body, and starts rubbing her swollen clit against mine. The pleasure was unbelievable. Next she crawled up my body pausing to let some of her sweet juice run between my breasts. She positioned her smooth, bald pussy over my head and allowed me time to study her most sacred place before she lowered herself onto my waiting tongue. 

I gently licked her, tentatively at first, as I taste her sweet juice. I soon become more adventurous and start doing all the things I love having done to me. I used my mouth to please her, and I knew exactly what she would be feeling as I took her to an incredible climax. As she came, her warm juice squirted onto my face and trickled through my hair. It was the most erotic experience of my life.
