 "What the heck is this?" Asked Linda turning round with my light purple dilator in her hand.

"It's my dilator." I told her matter of factly. Linda was my BFF we often hung out after school. We were like sisters in a lot of ways, Linda was more popular than I was and she'd had a proper boyfriend and gone all the way with him. 

We'd come straight over to my place to work on another dull school project together.

"It looks like a vibrator!" She snorted. "I didn't know you had one! Where did you get it from?"

"It's not, it's a dilator, and it's for my treatment. Mr. Reed gave it to me."

Linda looked absolutely stunned. I knew she had a bit of a thing for Mr. Reed too. She stood there with my dilator in her hand her eyes bulging.

"Mr. Reed gave you this?"

"Yes."

"What do you do with it?"

"Heck Linda, you can be so nosy. Look, I have a condition and I have to use that on myself."

I sat down on the bed in a huff, I was so upset by my friend's reaction, and surely, she'd had a similar examination? Mr. Reed told me it was normal and now she was acting all weird. I guess Linda realised she'd upset me she sat down next to me and put her arm round my shoulder.

"It's ok, we're cool. I'm just a bit freaked out to hear you say Mr. Reed gave this to you. Seriously what do you do with it?"

"Fuck, Linda, Ok, I have to masturbate with it, happy now?"

"Really? Why do you have to do that?"

"Because I have a condition, I need desensitisation training and the dilator is one of the tools they use to stop me having orgasms all over the place, Ok? I'm a freak; do you want to tell everyone?"

"How often do you have to do it?"

"I have to do it at least once a day, and more if I need to."

"Have you done it today?"

I shook my head; I'd decided to wait until Linda went home before I pleasured myself. She held the dilator out to me.

"Show me what you have to do."

I don't know why but I took it from her hand, I reached across her, picked up the tube of peach flavoured lube, and started rubbing onto the dilator. Linda watched me fascinated as I worked the lube onto the shaft. I crawled up the bed behind her and sat with my back against the headboard of the bed. I drew my legs up and let them fall open exposing my smooth shaven pussy to Linda's gaze. 

"Where are your panties?" She gasped.

"I don't wear any." I glared at her defiantly.

I started to rub the dilator along my slit as I watched Linda, she didn't take her eyes of my pussy for a second. I slid my free hand down and opened my self up. Linda sat there squirming slightly as I ran the tip of the dilator along my soft wet inner lips. She seemed to be enjoying my little show. I ran the tip of the dilator around and around my hot little clit. I could feel my wetness starting to ooze out of me. 

I pushed my fingers down knowing it would make my hole open up slightly. Linda put her hand to her mouth as she watched me. Slowly, painfully slowly, so she could see everything I pushed the dilator into my wet little pussy. I began pumping the dilator in and out of my sopping, wet hole.

Linda seemed transfixed by the sight of me. Her silence was making me feel even more aroused. I could see she was becoming increasingly horny by the way she rubbed her thighs together. I let go of the dilator, leaving it half in my pussy and slid my hand under my thigh so I could work the dilator from there and let Linda see everything.

I changed the position of my fingers, spreading my outer lips wide with my first and middle fingers letting my second finger stimulate my clitty as she watched in silence. I started to moan as my orgasm approached. Being watched was such a turn on, I almost wished Linda would touch me, as I worked the slim purple dilator in and out of my pussy.

"Are you going to cum?" She whispered.

My only answer was to thrust the dilator deep in my sodden pussy and flick my finger rapidly across my hot clit as my orgasm swept over me. 

"Oh shit Jenny, that was so hot!"

"I'm not finished yet." I said as Linda sat there rubbing her thighs together. 

I pulled the dilator slowly out of my wet pussy and rubbed the tip on my asshole. Linda sat there wide-eyed not believing I was going to masturbate my ass. I relaxed as Mr. Reed told me and slowly started to work the tip of my dilator up my asshole. I kept my pussy spread and continued to use my finger on my clit as the shaft of the dilator slid slowly up into my relaxing asshole.

The feeling was completely different and always made me feel so dirty to be stimulating myself that way. Linda seemed totally stunned, she may have had a proper boyfriend but I was showing her something she'd never dreamed about. The dilator felt wonderful stretching me out as I worked it gently in and out of my puckered ass. Again I could feel the tension in my stomach as my climax approached, I kept stimulating my clit as I worked the dilator in and out of my ass, suddenly hard and fast I came as Linda sat watching me. I sat there in the after glow, slid the dilator out of my ass, and pulled down my skirt. 

"And Mr. Reed told you to do this did he?"

I nodded.

"Do you like doing it?"

"Oh Linda, I know it's going to sound bad, but I love doing it. I can't help it I look forward to it all day."

"And you don't wear panties anymore?"

"No, they cause too much stimulation so I can't wear them till my treatment is over."

"Jen, I had no idea you were such a bad girl! I can't believe you walk around all day at school like that! So what does this treatment consist of exactly?"

"Well Mr. Reed does that, he's got this special probe and he stimulates me and I've got to try not to cum so fast."

"Show me what you have to do."

I shrugged and got up on my hands and knees facing away from her.

"I get up on his desk like this and then he checks my pussy."

Linda got behind me and lifted my skirt up exposing me again. Why did I like this so much?

"How does he examine you?" She asked.

"Usually he spreads my lips with his thumbs."

"Like this?" Linda pulled me wide open with her thumbs.

"Oh shit, yeah like that." I gasped, I couldn't believe Linda was touching my pussy and I was letting her. "But he spreads my hole open."

Linda changed the position of her thumbs and I could feel my little pussy hole gape open for her.

"Then what does he do?"

"He uses his probe and he runs from my asshole to my clit and back again."

I suddenly felt the tip of my dilator on my asshole and Linda slid it down until it touched my clit, she started rubbing it back and forth between my soaking wet lips. I managed to stifle a moan, but Linda could tell the effect she was having on me.

"Does he push it in now?"

"Oh yes, slowly."

Linda found my hole and pushed the tip into me; I couldn't help but moan out loud as she did so. I felt her hand bump against my pussy as she thrust the dilator deep into my aching hole. Slowly she began to withdraw it and push it back in. I looked round over my shoulder Linda she was total absorbed in fucking my pussy with the dilator.

"Faster please." I begged. 

Linda responded enthusiastically and started to pump the dilator faster and faster into my hot wet slot. Her hand kept bumping my mound as she rammed it as deep as she could into my hungry hole. 

My arms gave out and I collapsed, changing the angle of thrust, which sent me completely over the edge. I lay there gasping as my orgasm subsided, Linda was still gently sawing the dilator in and out of my soaking wet pussy as she stroked my ass. I looked around at my BFF, she looked so stunned. Usually I was the one stunned by her confessions but now the boot was on the other foot.

"Can I put it in your ass now?" 

I nodded. I felt Linda squirt the lube on my asshole, it was cold not like the nice warm lube Mr. Reed used on me. Then she started working the tip into my back passage.

"OMG, it goes in really easy," As she worked more of the dilator into me.

"It's not as big as Mr. Reed's probe. That really stretches me."

"Do you like it when he stretches you like that?"

"I love everything he does to me."

I felt Linda's hand bump into my ass and I knew it was all in as deep as she could get it, such a wonderful dirty, full feeling, I could feel my juices start to flow again. Slowly she started drive it in and out of my ass. I panted as she worked the smooth shaft in and out.

"Jenny your pussy looks so wet, are you enjoying this?"

"It's wonderful, Linda, please don't stop."

Unexpectedly Linda pushed two fingers into my pussy, they slid deep into me in one push her knuckles grazed my clit sending shivers of pleasure right through me. 

I reached between my legs with my hand, grasped her hand, and showed her the rhythm I wanted her to take. I then let my finger wander up to my clit and start working that too. A few seconds of this sent me completely crazy as another intense orgasm rocked my tender little body. I slumped down and just lay there with my legs spread apart in front of Linda as I regained my breath. She slowly slid the dilator out of me.

"OMG Jenny, your ass just stays open!"

I looked round and Linda seemed transfixed by my open asshole. I'd kind of gotten used to it. When Mr Reed did it, I gaped open for some time after he'd used his probe on me. I clenched my sphincter and closed my asshole, I grinned as Linda gasped. I turned round and sat cross-legged facing her. Linda was twirling my dilator in her hand.

"Did you like that?" I asked.

"I can't believe it, you just came so much!"

"The best bit was when you put your fingers in me."

Linda blushed when I said that.

"I'm sorry I don't know what came over me."

"It's ok, did I make you horny?"

"No!" She snapped.

"Liar!" I sprang forward and grabbed her trying to pin her down, I wanted to see if she had a damp patch in her panties. 

We wrestled for a few seconds, my skirt up round my waist and hers like wise in a few seconds. I had her pinned by the wrists and used my knees to force her thighs apart. I looked down, her skirt was up round her waist and her white cotton panties, stretched tight across her mound, had a clear damp patch in them. 

I released her wrists and sat back on my heels. I pointed at the large wet patch in her panties.

"You little liar!" I shouted.

Linda glared at me furiously as she lay there legs spread wide underneath me. Her auburn hair spread like a halo around her head. I reached for the dilator.

"I wonder where I should put this?" I ran the tip of the dilator along Linda's slit. Linda groaned as I ran it back and forth. Her panties got even more wet as she lay there. 

I put the dilator down and started to pull her panties down. She lifted her ass off the bed thrusting her groin up at me and I was treated to a close up view of her shaven cunny. I dragged her panties down her thighs and she wriggled them off one leg and lay there spread before me with her wet panties round one ankle, I picked up the dilator and started rubbing along her slit making her moan as I teased her with the tip. I changed the angle and slowly slid it into her wet hole.

She gasped and arched her back as I drove it deeper into her. I worked the dilatator in and out of her wet cunny as she writhed on the bed. I straddled her thigh and lowered my wet pussy onto her thigh, grinding myself on her smooth thigh, my juices making her soft milky thigh slick in seconds. Linda stared at me intensely as she struggled to breathe through her mouth.

"Touch your clit." I told her. 

Her hand snaked down her body in response and she began rubbing her clit as I sawed the dilator in and out of her hole, I watched fascinated, as her pussy seemed to suck the dilator in on every stroke and clench it tight as I withdrew it.

Linda's eyes rolled back in her head and she started to tremble as her orgasm took her over, her hand fell away from her clit and it stood there so proud. I couldn't help myself as I leaned down and lightly flicked the tip of my tongue across it, I thought she tasted sweet.

Linda wriggled all over the bed as I worked the dilator in her and my tongue stimulated her clit. I sat up as Linda calmed down and her eyes focused again. She lay there as I lazily pushed the dilator up her wet hole.

"Did you taste me?" She asked.

I nodded as I watched her pussy expand and contract round the plastic shaft.

"Did I taste ok?" Linda asked shyly.

"Linda, you tasted just fine."

"Do you think this makes us lesbians?"

"No, I think we're just really good friends." I said twisting the dilator that was still in her pussy.

"Jenny, I think Mr. Reed is fucking you."

"I don't think so. It's just a treatment. He's clumsy though and he keeps spilling the lube on me."

"Sweetie, are you sure?"

"Yes," I was getting cross with her. "There was an examination and everything."

"No one ever gave me an examination like that." I looked at her stunned; I didn't know what to say. 

We chatted for ages before deciding on a plan. If you kinky people leave me some nice comments I'll tell you in detail exactly what I found out.