 "You look awful chipper this morning," said my boss, as she walked past my cubby. "Is your husband back from his trip?"

"Not until next Friday." I responded.

"Well I am sure you can't wait for him to return! I know how you get when he is away. Are you planning on spending the whole weekend in bed again?" She asked with a sly grin.

"You know it!" I laughed as she walked back to her office.

What she didn't know was that the weekend in bed would not be with only my husband, especially after last night. . .

The best night of my life started last night after I left work. It had been a long day and all I wanted to do was have a quiet dinner and a few drinks at the restaurant just down the street from my condo. I knew that the bar had some secluded booths that were just quiet enough to get lost in my newest book.

I drove home and parked in my assigned spot in the garage before walking to the restaurant. When I arrived, I settled into a small booth in the back of the bar and signaled the cocktail waitress. When she came over, I noticed that she was about my height, had the same curvy, full figure and we had the same color hair. My husband had remarked several times how we almost looked like twins. Almost, as my boobs were a bit larger than hers. I had first pointed her out to him a number of months ago. I am one of those women who understands that a man is going to look at other women no matter what I say or do. So I make sure that he does not miss anything!

"What can I get you honey?" she asked as she leaned against the table.

"My regular!" I replied. My husband and I had been eating her for years, so most of the wait staff knew what I liked.

" Comin' right up." And she was gone.

I began to read as she brought my drink and salad. As I leisurely ate and sipped my drink I tried to get lost in my book, but it was not happening tonight. I put the book aside and began watching my waitress. As I watched her, I realized that we really did have a lot in common. Our long hair was parted and styled the same, we both chewed on our nails and she was constantly pulling on her bra strap! Her short skirt and tight top showed off her full curves. She also seemed to be great at turning down the advances of the many men sitting in groups or as singles both at the bar and at other tables. She did however seem to be paying a lot of attention to me, but I just figured that was because I was a regular here.

"You live in the condos just down the street, don't ya?" she asked as she brought me a new drink. 

"Yes, I do." I replied. By this time I was starting to feel a pleasant buzz from the alcohol.

"I think you are in the condo just above me," she said with a grin. "I can hear you and your husband having sex, when he is around. You two can really go at it!" she said with a wink as she sauntered away.

I felt my cheeks flush as I watched her go to the bar. I knew I could be loud, but I did not realize that I was that loud. As she perched at the edge of the bar waiting for an order she looked at me and licked her lips seductively. Was she hitting on me? I immediately felt my heart quicken and my juices begin flowing. I had always been attracted to women as well as men, but had never really acted on it. I continued watching her as I finished my dessert and drink. I thought about what it would be like to run my fingers through her hair and kiss her full lips. I imagined the two of us locked together in ecstacy, nibbling on her nipples, while she fondled mine. I was really starting to get wet.

"Could I give you a ride home? I am off in 10 minutes and you really should not be driving." She asked pulling me out of my fantasy.

"That would be great since I walked." I replied, surprising myself. Was I really flirting back?

As I waited for her to finish out her paperwork, I felt like a teenager. I hoped that I had not just imagined her flirting with me. We walked out to her car together. 

"I need to make room for you." She said as she bent over to clean off the front passenger seat. As she did, her mini skirt (which seemed shorter now) hiked up enough for me to see that she appeared to not be wearing any panties. She seemed to be taking longer than necessary to clean off the few books and papers. As she stood up, I brushed my arm across her boobs moving to get in the car.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" I said blushing again.

"I didn't mind." She said with another wink, making me blush even more.

As we pulled out of the parking lot she asked "Would you like to come up for a drink when we get home? I know your husband is out of town and it would be fun to have a girl's night."

"Sure, but I have to be at work in the morning," I replied.

"No problem, so do I," she said.

While we walked up to her condo, I felt her brush my hand a few times. Each time she did I could feel the electricity between us. As she closed the door to the condo, I could not stand it anymore and I reached up and ran my fingers through her hair. She immediately pulled me close and locked her lips over mine. I could feel the heat as she slid her tongue into my mouth, searching for mine. As our tongues met, I let out a moan of pleasure. I could feel her hands tighten around my waist as our tongues danced into and out of each others lips. When our kiss finally broke, she took my hand and led me to her to her bedroom. I could not keep my hands off of her as I followed her down the hall.

Once in her room, she turned and began to undress me, first undoing each button on my blouse and then sliding it off my shoulders. She then unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans tugging them off my hips and adding them to my discarded blouse. She then got on her knees before me, and with her teeth pulled off my soaked panties. As she began to caress my swollen and dripping lips with the fingers of one hand, she undid my bra with the other. I felt her begin to slide her finger between my lips and I felt her tongue on my engorged clit. My knees went weak as I felt tremors begin to course through me. I began to moan and she sucked my clit between her lips. My hands began to caress and pull on my hardened nipples as I felt my orgasm building. As she licked and sucked my clit, I felt her probing fingers deep in my wet pussy. After only a few minutes I could not hold out any longer and came noisily over her fingers and face. I could feel my juices dripping down my thighs as my orgasm subsided. I could not believe that I had just had my first orgasm from a woman. I could not wait to do the same for her.

When she stood up, I pulled her in close and began kissing her hard. I could taste my juices on her tongue and that got me going again. I pulled her shirt off over her head and quickly unzipped her mini skirt. I was correct, and there were no panties in the way. I thrust my fingers between her lips and found her wet and ready. We quickly moved to the bed where she lay down on her back, legs spread wide. I got on all fours before her and continued to slide into her dripping labia. She began to moan and pump her hips in time with my fingering. I lowered my mouth to her waiting pussy and she cried out in pleasure when my lips found her bud. She began to grind her clit against my tongue as my fingers found her g-spot. I could feel her muscles tightening around my fingers as she let out a gasp and began to come. I continued to suck greedily on her clit as her moans got louder, surprised that I was the one giving her such pleasure. Suddenly she pushed up hard off the bed.

"Oh, oh, oh, that's it! I'm Cuming!" she moaned. "Don't stop."

She began to grope for me and I slid my knees around her face in a 69 position without losing contact with her clit. I could feel my juices beginning to flow again as she thrust her tongue in and out of my pussy as her fingers worked over my clit. I began to copy her movements, sliding my thumbs over her clit while I tongued her soaked lips. I could feel my second orgasm building, another first, and began to grind on her face. Her hips were timed with mine as we both reached orgasm together only minutes after starting. Her cries of pleasure were muffled by me as I arched my back and began to yell out.

"Ssh!" She said. "You might wake the neighbors!"

I slid off her face and curled up next to her in the bed. We began kissing softly and gently rubbing our nipples together. I slid my hands across her ass and pulled her tight to me. I could not seem to get enough of her. She snuggled up close and wrapped her arms around me, rubbing my back and hair. She gently began kissing my neck, working her way up to my ears. She nibbled on my earlobe and lightly licked the outer edges of my ear. I could feel the goose bumps as they formed on my arms and neck.

"So was that your first time?" she asked me.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Will it be your last?" she inquired.

"I hope not." I replied.