 This story could fit into a few different categories and future ones might end up in those. As always let me know if you want to see something and I'll try to work it in. 

There is a slight incest scene at the end, with no actual sex. If you don't like that then this might not be the story for you. 

All characters are 18 and up. 

Hope you enjoy! 

***** 

I wonder what's in store for today I think, as Mom pulls into the parking spot near the office of Hilltop Manor. We both get out of the car and walk inside and see Amy behind her desk. Instead of her usual, happy manner, she is clearly annoyed. Looking up when she sees, Amy says, "You two are going to be working in separate buildings tonight. Gwen you're in the ladies only building and Jess you're in the main building." 

Mom nods and walks off to a changing room and I go off to another. Changing into my usual uniform of a short white dress, I quickly come out of the changing room. Seeing Mom come out of her changing room, I gasp. It is an overstatement to even call what she is wearing clothes. It is more like three small pieces of fabric held onto her body with string. Her probably D- cup breasts still ride high on her chest. Two pieces of fabric cover her nipples, but the sides of her pink areolas are visible. Looking down, her body is no more covered. A thin strip of fabric covers her mound, which she clearly keeps shaven. As she turns to leave, her ass swallows the string going between her legs, and I look away. 

Why did I look so long? Did she notice me staring? I ask myself, unsure of how I feel about seeing Mom in such little clothing. Normally when we went to the beach, she would wear a bikini most would call conservative, so this is by far the most of her body I've seen. I hear the door close, and look up once again. Amy is still behind her desk, but asks, "Something wrong?" 

"Um...I..." I start, unsure how I feel at the moment. 

Amy sighs, "I'm sorry if I came off as harsh there, but one of the girls quit and I needed either you or Gwen to fill her spot. I eventually decided on Gwen because she has more experience here. And it doesn't hurt that your Mom looks good in just about anything." 

I nod, not really wanting to think about my Mom "I guess so...I'll see you when I leave." I then make my way out the door. Once I'm on the other side, I make my way to the main building, where I worked last night. I get to my work station, noting the usual naked redhead behind the bar. I begin to go about my work, seating people and so far there are no requests for anything. Finally, the screen flashes and I walk to the table with a smile. Sitting at the table is a middle aged brunette. She is in a business suit and has her hair tied back in a ponytail. "I'm Jess! What can I do for you?" I ask. 

The woman looks around the room for a second then says quietly, "I um... I've never been to a place like this before. Can I make a request of you?" 

I nod, "Yes, depends on what it is though." 

The business woman smiles up at me, "Okay... can you and I... um..." 

I smile, "Listen, if I'm not into whatever you say here I'll try to find someone who is." 

The business woman gives me a grateful smile, "Can we... kiss? My husband is against that kind of thing and I've wanted to try it for a while now. I figured I'd do it while I'm here for business..." 

I laugh, "That's one of the tamer things I've been asked to do while I'm here. Let's do it and see if it goes anywhere from there." 

The business woman stands, "I have a room key so can we go?" I nod and she leads the way up the stairs. She opens a room and the two of us go inside. I flip on the lights and smile at the woman. She gives a small sigh and moves toward me, closing her eyes. I close the distance and our lips touch. Then she grabs the back of my head and we begin to feel each other's mouth with our tongue. She is slightly hesitant at first, but soon becomes more into it. Just one quick touch of the lips and she pulls away with a smile, "I think I'd like to take this further..." She begins to unbutton her shirt, dropping it to the floor. Then she drops her pants and she stands in front of me in black lacy panties and a matching bra. Her breasts are a similar size to mine and her ass appears to be fairly large, but not fat. 

I reach behind my back and unzip my dress. It falls to the floor, revealing my naked breasts and pussy. The woman moves cautiously forward, "Can I touch you?" I nod the woman's hands begin feeling my body. She rubs my nipples with her thumbs, causing them to grow hard fairly quickly. I reach begin her back and undo her bra, which falls to the floor. 

Her breasts are exposed and sag just a little. They are topped with medium sized pink nipples, which look perfect to suck on. Her breasts are about the same size as mine. Next thing I remove are her panties, which she quickly steps out of once they are on the ground. Her pussy has large, meaty inner lips which extrude from her inner lips. There is a small patch of hair right above her clit, forming an arrow almost pointing at it. Her body is fairly similar to Mom's I think before trying to think about anything but seeing Mom almost completely naked. 

As the woman's hands begin to feel my ass, I run my thumb over her clit and she gasps at my touch. "Liking this?" I ask her with a teasing smile. 

The business woman nods, "This is so... exciting!" I gently push her back and she falls onto the bed. She spreads her legs and watches as I gently touch her delicate outer lips, spreading them. I place my mouth over her clit, swirling around it with my tongue, making the woman moan softly. 

I pull away from her pussy and ask, "You like that?" 

The woman looks at me between her legs with a smile. "Can I be on top?" She asks. I wordlessly lay on the bed next to her and she sits up and straddles my head, before lowering her delicate inner lips to my face. I begin to work her clit with my thumb, while I push my tongue inside her pussy, enjoying the taste of her juices. 

I guess I'm bi now... I think, enjoying the taste. Suddenly I gasp as I feel her fingers enter my pussy. 

The woman looks down at me, "You not like that?" It feels like two if her fingers are inside me. 

"You just surprised me." I answer, before resuming my work on her slit. I begin to make her moan in pleasure as I rest my tongue and start fingering her. She is naturally looser than me and takes three of my fingers with ease. I feel my finger's become coated in her juices, while her pussy rapidly becomes wetter and wetter. The woman's moans increase in volume as she nears orgasm. I stop my fingering and begin to work my tongue inside her slit and finally push her over the edge. She calls out and I can feel her cum cover my tongue and some of it enter my mouth. She stops fingering me and enjoys her orgasm. I smile to myself, proud to give this woman her first orgasm from another girl. 

When the woman's orgasm ends, she slides her fingers out of my pussy, licking them clean in her mouth. I slide out from under her and sit on the edge of the bed, "How was that?" I ask. 

She smiles, "Amazing... can I have some time to myself to... think... about everything?" 

I nod, disappointed I didn't get to cum, "Yeah. I've got to get back to work down there anyway." I quickly dress and leave the room, wanting to cum desperately. Before I can even get back to the podium, I'm waved down by the two blonde women wearing bodysuits from last night. Their nipples and pussies displayed in a very similar manor as last night. They are both wearing the same color as last night. "Hey guys! I remember you from last night. What's up now?" 

The one in the red body suit smiles when she sees me, "Hey Jess. Remember how yesterday I got up on stage and used a toy?" I nod and she continues, "Well... could you do the same tonight? Same toy if you can?" 

I nod, "I'll try." I nervously walk over to the stage, grabbing the 7-inch-long cone shaped dildo. I climb up on stage and plant it on the floor, the suction cup base sticking to the stage. I feel butterflies in my stomach at the idea of all of the people in this room seeing me naked and riding the toy. I count down from three in my head and reaching 1, I unzip my dress and let it drop to the floor. 

My naked body is on display for everyone in the room causing my face to turn red at the thought. My nipples harden in the air and I reach between my legs and rub my clit for a second, feeling the growing wetness. Then I drop to my knees and line the dildo up with my pussy, feeling the very tip of the cone spread my lips. Finally, I begin to ride the dildo slowly, moaning softly as I do so. 

I stop thinking about everyone else in the room and just pretend I'm alone with the two blondes in bodysuits. They have both moved to the edge of the stage and are smiling watching me ride the dildo. I close my eyes, enjoying the feeling and begin to rub my clit. Riding the toy causes more of it to sink inside my pussy with each bounce of my body. Soon, I can feel about 5 inches inside me, as well as an orgasm brewing. 

I begin riding the toy with vigor, feeling it slide in and out of my wet pussy. My breasts bounce up and down as I ride. Nearing orgasm, my moans become louder and I work my clit faster. After several more seconds, I collapse completely on the dildo and groan as I cum. I feel my pussy squeezing the toy, trying to milk it for cum. The shape of the toy causes my juices and a little bit of my cum to splatter out of my stuffed pussy. 

As my orgasm subsides, I lift myself off of the toy and walk off stage. I feel several sets of eyes follow my naked ass until I pick up my dress and put it back on, covering up my juicy pussy and hard nipples. Despite my dress, it is still easy to see my nipples through the material. I smile at the two very happy blondes as the one in the black bodysuit begins to feel the one in red's body. 

As I walk back to the podium, I'm stopped by man and woman, both appearing to be in their 30's. The man has a shaven head and is dressed in business casual attire. The woman has shoulder length curly red hair and wears a corset and panties. She probably has D-cup beasts. The man asks, "Can... um..." 

The woman sighs and asks, "He wants to watch you and I... play... for lack of a better term, but doesn't want to ask himself." 

I think for a second, before remembering what Mom had told me about making tips. I finally answer, "Want to take this somewhere more private?" 

The woman nods, "Let's go then." She stands and leads the way to a secluded corner, away from the other tables. There is a pillar partially hiding us from the rest of the room. Once we reach the corner the woman pushes me into it and whispers, "You don't mind if I get a bit rough? I love to dominate younger girls, such as yourself." 

I shake my head no and the woman gives me a smile, "Good!" Then I feel her hand's begin to feel my lower body, quickly working its way between my thighs. Her fingers soon enter my pussy and I gasp in surprise. 

"She wet?" Her husband asks. 

The redhead woman smiles at me, "Very. The little slut actually came on the dildo." The woman then reaches forward and pulls the top of my dress down, exposing my tits and still hard nipples. Leaning forward, I feel her bite my left nipple, gently at first, but getting harder slightly. I gasp in surprise, and the woman pulls away. Her teeth leave small white impressions on my breast. 

"Like that slut?" She asks, loud enough for her husband to hear as well. 

I nod, "Yes ma'am." 

The woman nods, "Good to see Amy still hires some of the best." Then her finger once again begins to slide in and out of my pussy, becoming coated in my juices. I sigh softly from the stimulation, beginning to enjoy the feeling. As my moans grow slightly louder, she inserts a second finger and I let out a soft moan of pleasure. The woman begins to quickly slide her fingers in and out of my pussy and I feel another orgasm building. 

I reach for the woman's breasts, and feel them through her corset top, her hard nipples poking through the material. I then reach between her legs and run my hand over her panties, feeling her slightly wet pussy through the material. "Going to cum for me?" She asks. 

I gasp out a soft, "Yes!" After a few more seconds, she pulls her fingers out and slips three of them back inside my dripping snatch. "Oh fuck!" I whisper, trying not to attract attention. Her fingers are soon coated in my juices and I feel myself cum. I gasp out and use one of my hands to cover my mouth. I breath heavily through my nose, like I had done with my last boyfriend when Mom was home. I feel my cum coat her fingers. 

Finally, my orgasm subsides and the redhead woman removes her fingers from my pussy. The three she used on me glisten with my juices and cum. Some of it begins to drip down her fingers and onto her hand. She takes her index finger and puts it in her own mouth, sucking my cum and juices off of it. Then she holds up her middle finger to me and I clean it off with my mouth. I taste my own cum, having always enjoyed the taste of it. 

Once I clean her one finger the woman turns to her husband, "Let's go somewhere more private. If you really please me then I'll let you taste... what's your name?" She asks, turning back to me. 

"Jess." I answer. 

The woman smiles at me and turns back to her husband, "If you make me happy then maybe you can taste Jess's cum. Now let's go." The man begins to walk upstairs and the redhead woman turns back to me, "Hope to see you soon Jess!" 

Once the man and woman are gone, I walk back to the podium, and notice the room is once again clearing out. I get a text from Amy which reads, When you get a chance come to the office. Did I do something wrong? I ask myself. As the room empties, people make their way to either the private rooms or other buildings. I take this as the best time to go talk to Amy. Worrying about what she wants, I make my way to the building. Pushing open the door, I look around and see Amy sitting at her desk. "Yes?" I ask nervously. 

Amy smiles up at me, "Hi Jess, glad to see you got my text. I just wanted to know... would you be interested in working in another building. Maybe just for a night?" 

I nod, "Sure. I'll try it. Did you have one in mind?" 

Amy stands and smiles, "Well after the fun you and I had... perhaps the ladies only building? But that's an issue for tomorrow night. If the main building is empty, just hang out here until your Mom gets here." I nod and go into the changing room, wondering what tomorrow's work will be like. 

----------------- 

Showing up the next day, I feel butterflies in my stomach. What if I have to work with Mom? I keep thinking. I don't even know if Amy would make us do that. Mom and I both go into the office and Amy smiles at us like usual, "So Gwen... Jess and I talked yesterday and she is going to be taking your place in the ladies only building." 

Mom nods, "She told me. I'm going to be in a different building right?" 

Amy nods, "We need someone to work the big toys area." 

Mom looks worried for a second, before recovering and smiling, "I got it." 

"Great! I'll see you two later tonight then! Have fun!" Amy walks out of the office and Mom and I put our items in our lockers, before going to the changing rooms. 

"When your done wait for me." Mom says going into her room. I nod and drop my clothes, not even bothering to wear a bra or panties to work anymore. I put on a similar bikini as Mom had last night. Looking at my body in the mirror, my nipples poked through the thin fabric covering them and the bottoms gave me a camel toe. My ass, despite being smaller than Mom's, had already swallowed the back of the bottoms. Feeling a little uncomfortable at how much of me is exposed, I sigh and step out of my changing room. A few minutes later, Mom's door opens and she walks out. For the second time in two days, I feel my jaw drop when I see her. Compared to what she is wearing, I'm overdressed. 

Mom is wearing a pink fishnet bodysuit that goes from her feet to just above her breasts. There is a flower design going up both of her legs. Mom's large nipple are pointy and her D-cup breasts are firm still, both easily visible. Looking down her body, there is a large area cut out, creating one large opening for both her pussy and ass. Her shaven pussy has large inner lips, as well as puffy outer lips. 

"You wanted something?" I finally ask, trying to look anywhere but my naked mother before me. 

Mom sighs, "Jess, just look at me. If we try to avoid things like this, we only make it weirder." I shift my gaze, looking at Mom's face, trying to cut out looking at the rest of her body. Mom continues, "Amy talked to me last night too, she said one of us had to work the big toys room, so I volunteered so you wouldn't have to." 

"Is it that bad?" I ask Mom. 

Mom shrugs, causing her tits to bounce up and down, "It's not that its bad... it's just hard to do sometimes. I figured I'd take one for the team here." 

I smile and close the distance between us. I embrace her in a hug, thanking her. Our breasts mash into each other, but I try to ignore it. 

Pulling apart, I smile at her, "Ready to work then?" Mom asks. I nod and Mom opens the door, motioning for me to go out before her. I lead the way out of the office and walk next to Mom. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see her breasts jiggle up and down as she walks. I try to ignore this and look straight, but curiosity keeps getting the best of me. 

Is it wrong to look at her breasts? Is she looking at mine? I ask myself, trying to avoid looking. After what feels like forever, I reach my building and open the door. Looking back at Mom, I see her give me a reassuring smile before walking off to her own building. Her ass and hips sway side to side as she walks. I quickly turn around and walk into the building, trying to forget looking at Mom. 

Stepping inside, I notice it is the same as when Amy gave me the tour, except a lot less crowded. There is a couple, one black and the other white, kissing on a couch. Not wanting to interrupt them, I wait by the entrance for someone else to come in. Unlike the main building, not many people come in or out this early in the night. With little else to do at the moment, I watch the only couple in the building. The black woman is fingering the white one, her hand reaching down her pants. The white woman moans softly and feels the black woman's breasts. I sigh and go back to waiting, feeling my pussy begin to grow wet listening to the woman's moans. 

Suddenly, the snapping of fingers in front of my eyes causes me to blink and look up. Standing in front of me is the same smiling curly haired redhead as last night, wearing a singlet, showing off her nipples quite well. "Remember me?" She asks, still smiling. 

I smile back, "How could I forget you making me cum behind that pillar?" 

She nods, "Well... since my husband has almost no skill in pleasuring a woman, I was hoping you would do a much better job of it." 

"If that's what you want." I say in a teasing voice. 

She reaches behind my back and unties the fabric covering my nipples, causing it to fall to the floor. Next, she tugs down the bottom piece, exposing my mound, then she grabs my arm and begins to lead me to the back area. I follow, no longer concerned about people seeing me naked. Seconds later, she pulls me into a room and closes the door behind her. 

The redhead quickly drops her bra and panties, revealing her naked body to me. Her D-cup breasts are topped with large, pointy nipples and her pussy is bare and has large inner lips. Her tits look almost as good as Mom's I think before I try to push the thought of Mom's tits out of my head. 
