 Reader, this is a black on white lesbian story with an interracial heterosexual event near the end. 

***** 

Monica Sears was sat cross legged at her desk in her class room. She was facing the front but her eyes were in the corners to the left, and they were on her teacher. She was waiting for her to swing her eyes around the class again before coming to rest on where Monica knew they would now, her again! 

This teasing game had been going on since the day she had walked into her class for the start of her second year. Her object of tease, was one Mrs. Kim Rider; she had captivated Monica from that very first day to become their new form teacher. She began to flash her eyes at her, give her very surreptitious looks and glances, knowing nods, all designed to confuse her teacher without putting herself in a bad light. 

It had taken over a week to get a real response from her, she had looked back, but only to see if what she had seen was correct, but by then Monica was looking at her books. Monica now knew she had Mrs Rider's attention and began to insert a little more into her teasing. 

Monica had slightly turned her desk to the right; this enabled her to stretch out her long legs, when it was opportune to do so, hitch up her already short skirt, to allow a glimpse of delicious thigh. Occasionally for a change, superbly shaped legs were lengthened, then she would cross them at the ankle. Also when she deemed teasing of her was working well, she would lift one knee over the other; this afforded an enticing flash of black silk thong. 

Monica was a lesbian, not a full 100% she had dabbled with boys but had decided a long time ago that women were better; especially now that she had Mrs Rider to tease and hopefully one day, to get. Mrs Rider, Kim was her name, was a blond beauty; Monica had googled, face booked, twittered and used other avenues of information to find out as much as she could about her. 

Now she knew all about her, her age, her status, where she lived, which college she had gone to, what she had majored in and what qualifications she had. The thing of most importance she didn't know was her sexual orientation. She was married, but she had left her husband. And Monica didn't know that either. 

But being the very astute young woman that she was, she had partly guessed that Mrs Rider might be 'game for a laugh' in the lesbian stakes. And Monica was more than sure that if anyone could find that out, it was her. That is why she was playing the mind games she was. After each time Monica became a little more convinced that her teacher was at least taking note, and was being enticed by the beautiful black girl at the front of her class. 

Monica was nearly nineteen years old, 5ft 10" tall, long legged, statuesque, walked as if she was made of drifting fog. She was full bodied, high firm tits, enormous wide and thick nipples. A narrow waist, and hips. She was of African Caribbean heritage, and her hair was like black gossamer that slid about her slim shoulders like swirling billowing cloud. 

But it was her face that caught everybody's eye, her eyes were wide and almond shaped, as if she had some eastern promise in them. Her pupils were dark as diamond coal, arching eyebrows, hopelessly long lashes, a small round pretty nose, and full symmetrical lips. And when she smiled, her medium even, bright white teeth dazzled the recipient. 

And it was the combination of her eyes, face and smile that was (yet unknown to Monica) forcing Mrs Rider to take note, and appraise her gorgeous student more closely. Monica had a girlfriend, but was not in a close relationship, she kept it away from school, although others knew of her orientation. 

And much to the chagrin of some of the boys, who tried to chat her up constantly. They were turned away flat. But two of which had been summarily flattened by round house right hander's for taking more than a couple of liberties. So now she was mostly left alone except for a couple of other girls who had let her know that if she 'needed' a friend, they would be happy to oblige. 

But Monica was focused solely now on her married teacher, it had become a project for her. And after these few weeks she was beginning to think it might be on, married or not. Monica was a dominant woman, not into BDSM, she like a bit of power house sex, her personality was a difficult thing to go against. But not hurt, that was a no no to her. 

So last evening she had followed Kim home, this had been the fourth time this week, it was now Friday and she had sat there until almost 9 o'clock and no sign of a Mr Rider. So she would do it again tonight, to see if the mysterious Mr Rider was actually around, away or gone. 

She was looking at Kim, she called her that in her head, face to the front, and eyes to the left. As Kim turned her way Monica looked down, but also lifted her skirt higher than she usually did up her left leg. Her right leg rose and she laid her ankle on her left knee, she knew just what was being exposed. She had practiced this very movement, and knew for certain that her panty covered pussy was tantalizingly on view. 

Kim saw it quite plainly; she was shocked to see Monica behave quite this way. She knew she had to be a flirt, a tease, 'but why tease me,' she thought. But if she was honest with herself, she quite liked it too. Kim was flattered and felt a little honored too. She also guessed correctly, that Monica must have lesbian tendencies; another teacher had told her she thought had too. 

Kim on her part had tried girl on girl sex in college; and it had been a very torrid but short lived affair. Then she had married her long time boy friend who, as it turned out after marriage was nothing but a waster who wanted to just live and not work. So here she was, newly divorced and certainly not looking for another man, not for a long time she had decided. 

She always had plenty of offers, more than she wanted, so she decided to replace her wedding ring to help keep them away. Kim was 5ft 8" and extremely attractive, very intelligent, hence this teaching post she was really too young for. She was 28 years old, long blond hair that she wore in buns, plaids, pony tails, and sometimes down, but she always thought that at school it made her look too young, so she didn't do it very often. 

She did miss her sex life, it had been good with Tim, her now ex, but she was celibate now, and intended to remain so for the immediate future at least. She had bought a vibrator and others bits so she did get some satisfaction. But it would never compare to reality. 

She was trying to make up her mind whether to or not have a word with Monica. Talk to her about her possible inappropriate behavior. But if she was right, it may make things worse she pondered. Then as she glanced at Monica her eyes nearly popped out of her head. There she was looking down, her foot on one knee, her skirt at the side was up near her hip. And Kim could clearly see the bulge of her pussy against the tautness of the skimpy thong Monica had on. 

She was almost frozen to the spot, fortunately the bell went, and her class gathered up their things and started filing out. Her bodily reaction had been almost instantaneous, her knees wobbled, and her insides melted. She managed to flop down into her chair before she fell over. 

Monica saw the effect she had had on her teacher and grinned happily herself, she had finally seen the kind of spontaneous response from her that she had wanted to see. What she had to do now was to get her alone, be alone with her, make a connection with her and then hopefully take it from there. She was nearly nineteen going twenty nine in her mind. Yet despite her young age, she knew what she wanted; it was the getting that could cause a hiccough. 

She walked past her teacher's desk, Kim was staring at her bog eyed almost, and Monica gave her the sweetest and sexiest smile she could muster, and said softly. "Have a great week end Kim, and don't do anything I wouldn't do." Then she was trotting out of the door. Kim was glad she was sat down, she had never been so nonplussed about something in her life, no one had ever up ended her like this. Now she knew for sure that Monica was up to something, but her disposition told her it was otherwise. But, as the saying goes, 'you can't always see the wood for the trees!' 

By the following Friday Kim was in a bit of a mess with herself as to what to do about Monica, all week she had been secretly, and blatantly teasing her teacher. And Kim, much to her distress, was watching her more and more, she found herself wondering what was next. Her internal interests were being titillated and enthralled, by this very determined young black girl. She found she was waiting for the next flash, glimpse, and look with those enthralling, and all encompassing eyes. 

Monica was also contemplating the situation, what to do next, make a play for Kim, keep teasing, try to force her into another response as she had before? She was doodling when the bell went and they rose to go. Monica was the last to leave, she hesitated in front of her teacher's desk, Kim looked up, she didn't want to, she knew she would be staring into those deep dark liquid pools. 

Monica smiled sexily at her. Her eyes were saying the words that deafened Kim. "Come on teach, you know you want to look at me, take me in!" 

And Kim took the bait. "Monica,can we have a chat please before you leave, that's if you don't mind?" Her words sounded stuttering, garbled, and definitely childish and befuddled to her, but Monica was happy to say nod her assent. 

"Why sure Kim," she said, "what's it about, can I help you with a problem you have, what can I do for you, hmmmm?" Her lips parted as if in a breathless response to her teacher. As she pouted her answer to her, Kim gazed at her full black lips, the pink bit, the tip of a cheeky tongue poking out suggestively. Her bright white teeth behind them, as if hypnotized by her young pupil. Monica was looking down at her, and her eyes were laughing, challenging, tempting and teasing, seductive, and her words, signals and unsaid intent, weren't lost on the gorgeous blond teacher. 

"Firstly," Kim managed to say, stammering a little, and forcing herself to avert her eyes from her pupil, before she stood up and said something really stupid. "I am your teacher, your form teacher, Mrs Rider to you Monica, not Kim, okay?" 

The confidant young black beauty was feeling more and surer of herself. That the horse she was backing was going to win this race, and very handsomely too. 

"Come on Kim," she said forcing the issue, "we're alone here, just two adult women in each other's company, first names only, right!" It was a challenge. But Kim let it pass; she decided quickly that this argument wouldn't go anywhere. She thought about what to say, she felt as if she was on the back foot when she shouldn't be. 

"Monica what you are doing in class is wrong, and you could get into trouble for using inappropriate behavior of a sexual nature." She said, but not convincingly. 

Monica laughed, and stared, if not glared at her wilting gorgeous blond teacher. She could see that she had, what upper hand there was to be had. Kim was sat down, and Monica would keep her that way, she moved around the desk, Kim unwittingly turned her swivel chair her way, and Monica more or less stood right in front of her. 

"Now Kim," she said, "that isn't quite the case, is it?" Monica took a deep breath, made up her mind that it was now or never. "It seems to me," she began, "that every time I look up at you, you are looking at me, checking me out as it were, I know when someone finds me attractive, most people do, and you do too, don't you?" she told her. "I see you looking at my long legs, do you like them Kim?" she lifted one up and forward keeping it straight. "I do have great legs don't I Kim, even though I do say so myself." she asked her softly. 

She stood on one delicately, a shapely knee slightly lifted. Her hand raised the hem of her skirt by about 4 inches. Her teacher's eyes fastened on them involuntarily. In this close, Monica's skin had a glow about it, a shining silkiness, it gleamed in the light. Monica slid them together, and then apart. Her teacher couldn't take her eyes off the sight in front of her, she was transfixed. 

"You look at my breasts too I notice Kim," Monica carried on, she lifted both in the palm's of her hands. "And my face in particular, I've seen you licking your lips when you look at me. In fact Kim," she continued, "I'm beginning to think you might want to kiss me, am I correct, you want to don't you, am I right Kim, hmmmm?" She leaned forward into her teacher's space. 

Monica couldn't have punched her any harder. Her teacher's mouth opened and closed, she struggled for her breath, and her hands slid around on her desk. Her beautiful blond head bowed down under the weight of her pupil pushing her untouched and innocently 

She had never been confronted like this before, she was getting beaten to the verbal punch, nailed, and she couldn't get out from under. She didn't know how to handle this, how to respond to it, to her, if there even was a response to be had. 

She knew she was being maneuvered, manipulated, propositioned without it being said, and she also knew that Monica had the biggest favor in her corner that she could have had. She had her undeniable strength of character, the belief and confidence in herself. She was stronger than her mentally, that was all too obvious now. And her seemingly irresistible and classical black beauty was something she was finding difficult to reconcile with. 

"I'm your teacher Monica, why are you..., what do you want?" She nearly bleated. Monica smiled to herself, 'almost there,' she said in her mind. She put her hand on Kim's head and stroked her; it was like a sympathetic gesture, one of condolence, solace even. 

"Please Monica, don't do that," her voice was weakening now, cracking. She knew Monica was lesbian, "I'm not that way inclined; it's not what you think Monica, okay?" 

Monica stroked her some more, Kim shook her head, but was too confused, even weak to get up. Monica massaged her shoulder one handed, then moved around her back and did it to both. This brought a definite moan from her teacher; her head went with Monica's soothing hands, and an unheard plea for her to stop. 

"Where is your coat and purse Kim?" Monica asked gently. 

"In the store room behind you, why?" she replied quietly, she had no idea of what to do. For the very first time ever, she didn't have control, or have a handle on what was happening. Monica was making her feel maddenly wonderful. She actually was enjoying being toyed with by her, it was getting her excited. 

"Go and get them Kim," she told her, "we had better leave," Monica said. Looking at her pupil quizzically, Kim tottered to her feet and staggered slowly in. Monica raced to the classroom door and locked it, and then she ran back to the store room, while Kim was still in it. She got there and closed the door behind her. 

"What, er, why, why have you shut the door Monica?" She was almost ready to beg to be allowed out. 

Monica just looked at her almost puzzled, but happy. 'She should know the answer to that?' she told herself. Kim stepped hesitantly forward; Monica reached out, put her hand to the back of her teacher's neck and pulled her the rest of the way. Kim put her hands up in a sort of defensive gesture 

Monica dropped both of her hands, stooped, and took a hold of her teachers skirt and pulled it right up to her waist. She took Kim's left wrist in her right hand and pushed around her back, Monica took it in her left and her teacher was trapped in her grip. Monica walked her two steps to get her teacher's back to the wall, and in more ways than one. 

She put her right hand on her pussy, stroked it with her middle finger, and then tickled it. Kim yelped in such surprise, but couldn't fight the hold she was in. "Do you want to ask that question again Kim. Why have I locked the door?" she breathed her hot sweet breath into her face. Her teacher was paralyzed; her knees had clamped together and that's all she could do. Her head dropped in shock on to Monica's shoulder and she shook with fear. 

There was also a certain amount of surrendering arousal. She managed to lift her lovely blond head, tried to speak but nothing came out. Her beautiful black pupil was staring down right into her own blue, million watt eyes that were fixed back into hers. 

Monica kissed her, her eyes popped wide open in unsolicited surprise. She was miles away in any attempted rejection, her lips locked, super glued, and she fell into it. Monica broke it, got her hand inside of her teacher's panties and fingered her wet clit. Her finger grazed over the little nub sending spasms though her hapless teacher. Kim ass was flat against the wall, nowhere to go, no way off. She was panting, her lips were quivering, and her heart rate was punching a hole through her chest. 

Looking at her, Monica said. "Do you want me to make you cum for me Kim?" and nodded her head yes to her, Kim followed suit blindly, nodding her own head yes obediently. "Or," she hesitated with a knowing smile, "shall I not let you cum until I say you can?" she shook her head no, and again her teacher blindly followed suit once more, shaking her head, no. Then her young black tormentor just pulled away, opened the door and walked out. Kim nearly fell down, she was on her own two feet, without Monica's body for support. At the door Monica stopped, turned and said. 

"Kim, I will be at your house to see you tonight at 8pm. If you are on your own, be ready for me, and wear something special too. Those school clothes don't do a beautiful sexy woman like you any justice at all. If not, I'll see you next week for answers okay?" Then she left her teacher who flopped against the wall to keep her up. 

It was another thirty minutes before Kim could leave, she was in a stunned daze, and her panties were soaking, her nipples ached, and she actually wondered why. She didn't have the intellectual strength right then to collate that to what had just happened to her. 

When she got home the first thing she did was to get her vibrator out, to bring herself off. As she lay on her bed with it in her hand to start, she thought about Monica, what she had done, how she had done it. And she thought about her own very extremely weak and negative response to her. She turned the buzzing weapon off, she lost interest in it. 

Knowing she was on her own this Friday night, with no particular plans for the evening, she absent mindedly started looking at items of her clothing, which totally contradicted her school apparel. She was unconsciously preparing herself for the visit from Monica, one that, unless she went out, she couldn't prevent. She half heartedly decided that to try and help her regain the control, or some anyway. She would dress in a very sexy more mature woman way. 

"Fight fire with fire," were her reasonable thoughts. 

She chose a short skirt, shorter than Monica wore, high backless heels, no stockings, no bra and no panties, a small top, which snuggled around her, she put her hair up, wound a silver chain through it. Kim did her make up to perfection. She checked herself in the mirror, "Perfection Kim, as always!" she smiled to herself, "no wonder you are so sought after!" 

But Kim also knew that she had never been pursued like this, and by a girl nine years younger than her, and black too. It was always the men, the boys, who were on her case, not knowing they didn't have a chance. It would be a long time in hell before she let a man near her again, except maybe for satisfaction purposes only. But she also admitted that Monica was unparalleled in the beauty stakes in her school. 
