 I decided to take the short cut home, even though I hate driving on that creepy, bumpy, strange road at night. To me, it was the most desolate road in the bottom half of Illinois. Any other night I would have been terrified to use it.

But she was with me.

She must have sensed my uneasiness, because she reached over and placed her hand on my thigh.

Oh, thanks darling. That's really going to help me stay on the road...

I kept both hands on the wheel; keeping my concentration.

I glanced over at her. "So, did you like the movie?"

"Well, it was different."

I felt her eyes burn through me. She was doing it again, giving me the look. She knew she could seduce me with the passing of a glance.

She drives me crazy...

I thought back to a few minutes earlier...

During the movie, I couldn't keep my hands off of her. I was constantly rubbing her inner thigh, brushing my arm against her boob, nibbling her ear, whispering naughty things to her, and I played with her hair a lot. I couldn't get enough of the way she fidgeted while I was doing those things to her. I kept thinking about feeling her body writhing against mine; our hot sweaty bodies brushing against one another in the heat of the moment.

I was so turned on.

Okay, whew, back to reality.

I couldn't take this anymore. I remember where I had planned on pulling over at. It was over the bridge, right around the corner. I braked lightly to take off the cruise control. I let the car roll past the curve, and then I pulled into the barely noticeable, dirt path, right next to an opening in the woods.

My palms were sweating pretty badly.

I turned the car off.

She was speechless for the past minute and a half. I think she caught my drift.

I opened the car door and stepped out. I waited for a brief moment for her to do the same. Then, I walked around to the front of the car and in one quick motion, sprung myself up onto the hood. I was trying to impress her with my smoothness.

"Am I being too typical?" I reluctantly asked.

She laughed. "No, baby, you're fine."

She stood at the side of the car, fidgeting with her belt. I leaned over and wrapped my arms around her waist, catching her by surprise. I sat up on the edge of the hood, pulling her close to me. I looked into her eyes.

She's gorgeous. How could I be so lucky?

"Kelly..."

"Hmm?"

"I love you so much."

Without giving her time to respond, I firmly pushed my lips against hers, and held them there for a few seconds. I moved my hands up to the back of her head, twirling her soft, silky hair around my fingers. She rested her hands on my legs, right above my knees. I continued to passionately kiss her for quite some time. She began to kiss my jaw line, then moving lower to kiss and nibble on my neck. I lifted my head up and to the left a little, succumbing to her every move. I glanced up at the night sky. It was a beautiful night; every shining star clear as crystal. The sky was speckled with thousands of white structures. This made the moment even hotter...

Every touch, every kiss, every word she speaks, turns me on. With every passing minute we're together, I love her more and more. I've always had trust issues with people; I guess that's part of my personality. But I trust her so much, that if she told me onions were the cure for cancer, I'd believe her. That's how crazy I am about her.

I knew I was wet through my shorts; the sensations she was sending through my body were incredible. Everything she did to me sent chills throughout my body, making my stomach do the flip-floppy thingy.

I wrapped my legs around her waist, squeezing her gently. I moved my hands down her arms, raked my nails back up to her shoulders, then slid my fingertips down her back, grazing them up again. I wanted her so much.

"Take me, cupcake. I'm yours."

She pulled her head back a little, smiling at me. She bit my bottom lip. 

"That's right, you are MINE!" She giggled.

Finally, I felt her hands fiddling with the button on my pants. She undid the zipper, and yanked them off my legs. Then, she dug her nails into the sides of my thighs, making me moan out load. My breath quickened as I became more and more desperate for her fingers inside of me. I clawed the back of her neck, then dug my nails into the back of her head. Her hands moved up and down my sides, occasionally digging her nails into me. I leaned back some, and she aggressively pulled off my tank top. I pulled her head into my chest, and she began to kiss across my collarbone to my shoulders, then down my chest. She started to nibble on the sensitive skin in between my breasts. I arched my back and softly breathed her name. I pulled on the collar of her shirt and gave a quick tug. I tossed her shirt, and let it land on the ground. I paused for a moment, to admire her perfect body in the moonlight. I traced my fingertips up her stomach, over her bra to her shoulders, and down her arms. I held her hands lightly for a few seconds.

The night air was a bit humid, and the back of my neck and lower back were already sweating. I felt her hands grasp the sides of my undies, and she started to gently pull them down. I lifted myself up a little, using her shoulder as a brace. She pulled my underwear off and tossed them inside the car window. I bit my bottom lip, hard. Her fingertips teased me, making me yearn for her touch. Finally, she brushed a finger against my clit, barely touching it. I leaned forward and sunk my teeth into her shoulder. She moved her hands back up to my stomach, then pushed her fingertips underneath my bra, teasing my sensitive skin.

I grabbed her left wrist and placed it on my inner thigh. I pushed firmly on her hand, until she cooperated and slipped a finger inside me. I let out a breathy moan, and brought her closer to me. I rested my head against her chest as she slowly pushed her finger in and out of me. I let my hands wander all over her body, from her shoulder blades to her lower back, and even lower to her firm bottom.

I sucked some of the skin on her chest in between my teeth, and gave it a soft tug. I swirled my tongue lower to her cleavage, and planted soft kisses on her skin there. I placed a hand on the back of her neck, and brought her head closer to me. I leaned up and placed my mouth up against her ear. 

"You make me feel so good, baby."

She leaned forward and kissed me, taking my breath away.

I reached down and grabbed her hand, then I pushed another one of her fingers into me. She started to simultaneously stimulate my clit and push her agile fingers into me, causing me to contract around her fingers. I felt the moans getting caught in my throat; I didn't want to let them out, but it was hard to keep them bottled up inside me.

She slowed to a steady pace, then suddenly stopped. I waited, then, she thrust her fingers deep inside me. I moaned a little louder than I should have. But, she didn't seem to mind. My legs started to quiver, and I felt my toes start to curl. I squeezed her harder with my legs. I dug my nails into her head, and pulled her hair. I was getting close. She had a way of pushing me over the edge...

"Kelly! OH MY ...GOD!"

She looked into my eyes, and smirked at me. Every body part on me started to tingle. I felt my legs go numb, and my stomach muscles contract. I moaned out load as I came in waves, holding her as close as I could. She pleased me so much, and I wanted her to know that, badly.

She slowed down, and stopped after a minute. I laid back on the hood, exhausted. She stood there, gazing at me. I leaned back up and grabbed her hands, pulling her onto the hood. She landed on top of me. I planted a soft kiss on her lips, and held her close to me.

She buried her head into my neck. We laid there for a few minutes, until I caught my breath.

"Kelly..."

"Yes?" She looked up at me. I smiled at her. 

"You are amazing."

I pulled her legs apart with my hands, and placed her knees on each side of my hips. I leaned forward, pushing her chest up and causing her to straddle me. I looked up, and she brought her mouth close to mine. We kissed for a minute or two; deep, passionate kisses that I couldn't get enough of.

I love the way she moves her mouth...

Our lips parted; and I started to kiss her neck. I moved my tongue in small swirls down her neck and to her shoulder. I used my teeth frequently. I nibbled my way down to her cleavage, and softly sucked on her skin. I held her hips with my hands, gently squeezing her, just to let her know she was mine. I unbuttoned her jeans, and leaned her over to the left, then to the right, so I could pull them off, one leg at a time. This took some coordination, but we handled it nicely.

I raked my nails up the back of her thighs, and placed my hands right below her ass cheeks. I gave her a gentle squeeze, then I moved my hands up towards her hips again. I pulled her down onto me, grinding her body against mine. I looked up at her, her eyes twinkling in the moonlight.

She is so beautiful...

She smiled at me, and clawed my shoulders. I bit my bottom lip and retaliated by digging my nails into her lower back. I moved my hands to her stomach, lightly tracing little shapes along her belly button and hip bones. I lifted her body up a little, so she could pull her underwear off. She tossed them over her head, and giggled. I tenderly kissed her collarbone, then moved up to her face. I placed my lips against hers, keeping the kiss light. I pulled away and rested my head against her chest.

I moved my fingertips to her inner thigh, slowly tracing my way up. I felt the warmth of her body against mine. I heard her sexy heavy breathing and felt it tease the skin on my shoulder and neck. Using my nails, I softly raked them down her stomach to her inner thigh. I repeated this several times, until I had her begging for it. I let my hand creep down, until I felt her wetness. As lightly as I could, I teased her by moving my finger back and forth across her sensitive spot. Finally, I pressed my middle finger against her clit, and started to slowly massage her. With my free hand, I pulled her as close to me as possible. I continued to rub her for a few more minutes. I wanted to keep her on the edge, so I slid my middle finger deep inside her. I placed my left hand onto her hip, and pulled her down. I lifted her back up again, and slid my finger out. Then I aggressively pushed her back down onto my finger. I repeated this three more times, and slipped another finger into her. She apparently was enjoying this, because she moaned out load a few times, and I know she tries to hold them in.

She clawed my chest, hard, and shoved me down onto the hood. I was lying completely flat on my back now, and she was still straddling me, riding my fingers. We switched off every few minutes; her grinding on my hand or me propping her up with my left arm and pushing my fingers into her. I kept the same tempo for about 30 seconds or so, but occasionally I'd slow down to almost stopping, then drive my two fingers into her, using firm strokes. I placed my fingers on her g-spot, and stimulated it by moving my fingers in the 'come hither' motion. I alternatively penetrated her and rubbed her for awhile, until I could tell she was close. I slowed my pace, and kept my eyes on her. I wanted to make her last for a long time. I wanted to please her for hours on end...

She grabbed me by the shoulders and pulled me towards her. She placed her hands on my face and kissed me with a fiery passion. We let our tongues tangle for a bit. I quickened my pace, and pushed into her hard enough to lift her off my legs a little. I rubbed her clit with my thumb, and let my fingertips push against her g-spot. I felt her contract around my fingers, and I delivered a few more firm, slow strokes into her. I couldn't get enough of her, and I loved the way she'd tilt her head back and breathe my name.

She pulled my hair with force, as I witnessed her orgasm and watched in awe. I felt her legs quiver on top of mine, and she pushed me down onto the hood and landed on top of me. I rubbed the back of her legs, and traced my fingertips all the way up to the back of her neck. I lifted her face up, and kissed her. We laid there for awhile, holding each other, savoring every second.

"I love you."

"I love you, too."

She had me forever.