 Alison headed off for her regular riding lesson with Jake on a sunny Saturday afternoon, she had waved her parents off last night on a planned visit to her brother, leaving her home alone she had eaten a leisurely light breakfast before embarking on the fifteen minute walk to the stables where she stabled her horse Jupiter.

She had considered riding her bicycle to the stables however opted for the walk hoping the excuse of not having available transport would lure Jake into offering her a lift and perhaps bring about a repeat performance of last week on a remote lane in the back of his landrover discovery. 

Enjoying the walk today afforded her some time to reminisce over what had happened following their last lesson, when Jake her riding tutor, first lover and man of many years her senior had caught her masturbating furiously in the toilet area of the busy stable yard and had taken her sweet pussy with such abandonment.

It had been the first time she had been taken by a man and now as she purposefully strode forward she could feel herself not only blushing from the thoughts of their encounter and the anticipation of what might occur again. Her cheeks flushed at the obvious arousal inciting a hot burning almost aching but throbbing sensation in her clit, which matched her heartbeat as she walked.

She desperately wanted him to take her like that again; increase the fire and make her leak hot cum, she had thought about nothing else all week, now as she walked her mind fell to thinking she would love to have even sucked his hard cock down her throat like she had seen in a porn movie one time, she thought to ask him to teach her that. 

After she and Jake had fucked each other previously Alison had returned home and argued with her father who was becoming reluctant to provide the finance, paying for lessons.

Now irritated her father commented upon her seemingly slow progress and thought the lessons must be paying off by now, Jake says, "he's working you real hard" her father stated and Alison had to agree that Jake was certainly bringing her along nicely she turned her head and smiled.

Many times that week she had masturbated herself to some knee trembling orgasms whilst thinking about how they had made each other cum so hard and was curious to see if it was a one-time offer or if he was going to make her come like that again, she certainly hoped so. 

She had to admit that masturbating herself since then had been some what disappointing once she had experienced Jake bring such an intense orgasm with his lovely cock. She knew that she needed much more than playing with herself from this point forward.

The previous night watching a porn movie with her best friend Rachel whereby men had stroked their hard cocks and had wanted women to suck and lick them until they had spurted come into their mouths, she had thought that a real turn on and felt her pussy juice oozing down the inside of her thigh, she had also thought about watching Jake as he masturbated himself, something else she wanted to watch.

After the movie finished they had both discussed "the happening" as she now called it, Rachel had been so envious of Alison not only loosing her virginity to the gorgeous Jake, but also having her pussy eaten, both girls aroused by the conversation and watching the movie, she had insisted Alison spilled all the details. 

The discussion about Alison's first time progressed forward Rachel had wanted to know so much detail that both girls had become horny as hell without realising it, so here they were in Rachel's bedroom, subconsciously rubbing their clits against the bed through their jeans.

Alison found herself saying out loud how she wanted to taste Jakes big cock shoot come onto her tongue, which aroused both girls further, moaning a little childishly. Alison now needed relief of this burning hot sensation she felt in her pussy and slid down her jeans much to the amazement of Rachel, she encouraged Rachel to do the same. Although neither girl imagined what might happen from that point on they comfortably masturbated side by side.

Both girls intent on their relief and sexual satisfaction happily carried on flicking on there clits and fingering their own soaked pussies, each girl stimulating herself furiously. Whilst they masturbated Rachel begged Alison to reiterate just exactly how it felt to take Jakes huge cock and pump it into her soaking pussy. Somewhere aside her Alison heard Rachel moaning Jakes name and begging to eat her pussy.

Alison thought for only a moment, intent on her own orgasm but wanting to make it happen for her friend, wanting her friend to experience the same sensual and exquisite orgasm that she had felt with Jakes cock, she knew at this point only showing her would suffice.

Alison was a little apprehensive at her friend's response to such a thought, as she stared intently in Rachel's eyes as her face contorted with each plunge of finger she lost control, leaned over and kissed her. Rachel found herself kissing back, each girl knowing that once this boundary was crossed they could no longer go back. 

It felt good, Rachel found Alison's hand and plunged her fingers into her pussy, showing Alison what she wanted and moaned when she located and circled the hard nub delicately. Rachel mirrored her touch finding Alison's clit and making her moan and continued kissing back.

Alison found herself searching with her eyes around Rachel's bedroom for something that might resemble a hard cock, Rachel was moaning and thrusting her hips but still nowhere near climax.

Alison spotted a glass perfume bottle on Rachel's dresser and reached for it warming it with her hands, pulling Rachel's Jeans and panties off her ankles, for the first time getting a clear view of her juicy shaved pussy, she instructed Rachel to play with her own nipples. Alison saw pussy juice leak from Rachel's hole down to her ass, although reluctant to insert the harsh object directly into her virgin hole rubbed it up and down her soaked slit. She so wanted to make her friend feel as good as she had, so carefully inserted her tongue against her leaking hole licking slowly at the juice collecting at Rachel's ass, causing Rachel to whimper.

Alison was surprised to find although Rachel's pussy juice tasted different to her own, it tasted much sweeter perhaps nicer, without hesitation and sensing her friends urgent need she flattened her own tongue and licked first at her ass and slid her tongue up towards Rachel's clit lapping at it slowly, sucking up her juices.

Rachel let out wonderful satisfying moan and started to finger her own clit, "Rachel if we are to do this right we have to stick to what Jake did" Alison insisted. "Oh fuck Jake, don't stop tonguing my pussy please" she dipped her tongue again licking the sticky juice back up to Rachel's clit before sucking gently.

Rachel's hips began rotating and grinding Alison's face, she slowly entered her wet contracting pussy with her middle finger and sucked on that sweet clit for all her worth, lapping and teasing the protruding nub, it wasn't much more than a minute before Rachel was coming all over her tongue and having wave after wave of mini orgasms.

Alison straddled her friends face so they could both please each other and Rachel delved into Alison's very juicy and hot pussy, needing some attention, both girls moaned and whimpered as waves of pleasure sailed over them, her friends tongue in her pussy and she licking frantically at Rachel's, it was so hot. 

Rachel demanding now begged Alison to fuck her sweet juicy pussy. Finger fucking her sweet hole and sucking on her clit was driving Rachel crazy and she knew her friend was more than ready, for the makeshift hard cock she now held in her hands.

Licking the perfume bottle Alison inched it gradually into Rachel pussy, edging further and further until she had taken the whole of its length and began fucking her softly to start then harder and harder as Rachel became more needy, it wasn't long before Rachel arched her back and groaned. Mistakenly thinking she had orgasmed, Alison took the bottle away leaving Rachel on the very edge. Rachel screamed and ground her pussy hard into Alison's face desperate for what was to come.

Alison took her clit between her lips and sucked hard and then circled it around three or four times feeeling Rachel grip her own head tight between her thighs into her gaping pussy and pumped at her face, Rachel squirted jet after jet of hot come onto Alison's face as she experienced an exquisite orgasm only seconds before she came into Rachel's mouth, both girls drinking and swallowing each others cream and shaking uncontrollably.

Rachel still reeling from her orgasm was oblivious to the wetness she had created and Alison knew that she needed Jakes cock but held her friend tenderly as Jake had done her. They lay together talking for what seemed a long time, agreeing that they would remain close friends but that perhaps what they had done had to remain their first and last lesbian experience. 

Now as Alison walked quickly to the stables, she moaned inwardly knowing that she wanted Jake, needed this hot pussy between her thighs satisfying, although she had tasted Rachel's juices and thought it had been wonderful, Alison was much more eager to taste Jake. 

As she entered the yard, Jake was standing by Jupiter's horse box stroking the horse, he turned to Alison, "good day young lady, I've been waiting for you, could we possibly go into my office and go over you're your technique, I have some ideas of how we can improve your posture that I'd like to get right before we mount you".

Alison smiled knowing that the office was in the farmhouse and Jakes wife was also away for the weekend, would she share his bed she asked herself, as the office door closed behind her she turned and smiled a huge smile as her eyes diverted to the huge bulge in his riding pants. 

Unexpectedly as she walked past him his hand spanked her rear, indignantly she turned to say something he slipped his hand around her waist and his free hand covered her mouth to stifle her cry. Bringing her to him he kissed her until her cry became an urgent kiss, he know she was his as he pushed her to her knees and unzipped his pants, his rock hard cock sprung free in her face, suck me he said and her smile returned...