 If you haven't read the first four installments you probably should. I will warn you that the first three contain graphic male on male sex. The next two are female masturbation and will be followed by graphic lesbian sex. The end result will be a bisexual foursome where anything goes. For those of you adventurous enough to come along - read on.

*****

Lori finished her packing earlier than she expected. She took a hot shower and shaved everything below her navel. Being technically a redhead (strawberry blonde) her body had very little hair. She took her time shaving her pubic hair. She liked the entire area smooth, soft and hairless. 

When she was done shaving she rinsed the soap off and lightly fingered her clit. She had earlier decided she was not going to masturbate tonight but she was changing her mind. Packing had turned her on.

Everything she had packed had sex written all over it. The outfits she brought in case they went out were tight and revealing. Her lingerie was mostly transparent and very skimpy. Thinking of wearing any of these in Dee's company had made her horny. 

She had packed some of her favorite sex toys and hoped to use several of them on Dee before the men returned. The thought of that made her horny as well.

The hot shower hadn't done anything to cool her off. Her pussy was wet and her clit longing for stimulation. Lori's fingers rubbed a little harder as she turned the water off. Perhaps she should rub one out before going to sleep. The thought of it made her even wetter.

Lori dried off quickly, brushed her teeth and got into bed naked. She grabbed a lifelike dildo from the bedside table, just in case. She wasn't sure where she would go in her mind while she masturbated but wanted to be ready in case she needed her pussy filled. Of course, the real thing would be better. Or her double ended dildo that she hoped to use on Dee, and hoped Dee would use on her. Now she knew which direction she was going.

Lori closed her eyes and began rubbing her clit again, picturing Dee in her mind. It was Dee's fingers playing with her now very wet pussy. It was Dee's face getting closer, her tongue ready to take Lori over the top.

Lori had wanted to have sex with Dee for several years. This year, while the boys were away on their annual trip, Lori had decided she was going to attempt to seduce Dee, not only for herself but for some group fun with their men later. Lori was hoping to turn Dee into a free spirited sex goddess by introducing her to more pleasure than she'd ever known.

Lori was going to try to get Dee turned on to lesbian sex and anal sex (with her strap-on) this week. She wasn't sure if her entire plan would be successful but she knew that Dee was attracted to her. She had caught Dee looking at her from time to time and Lori could tell just by the look on Dee's face that her mind was working on something sensual, like... "I wonder what she'd be like..."

As for Lori - she thought Dee was damn hot. Dee had the tightest, sweetest ass she'd ever seen. She wanted that ass - not just for sex but she wanted it instead of her own. That's how nice it was. Dee's ass would look good in a black garbage bag and Lori wanted to see it, caress it, kiss it and yes - fuck it. She was pretty sure Dee wasn't into anal sex but that could change. Perhaps she just never had it with the right person...

Lori loved anal sex. David enjoyed it as well - both giving and receiving. David had been on the receiving end of her strap-on many times. In fact - he bought it for her to use on him. Lori was sure if she could get Dee to try it one time she could convince her. Then they could work on Steve and perhaps the four of them could fuck each other. The thought sent shivers down her spine and electric shocks through her clit.

Lori's fingers were really working her clit now. Without thinking about it she put the head of the dildo in her mouth and began licking and sucking on it. She was really wet and wanted to cum. She took the dildo out and placed it against her wet labia and gently pushed. Her other hand was still busy on the clit. 

She began to pump the dildo in and out of her hot, wet pussy. She wished she had a third hand so she could put something in her ass as well. "Damn, why didn't someone think of that?, she wondered.

Lori was close. Thinking about Dee giving her oral and possibly submitting her ass to Lori's strap-on always did the trick. She suddenly pictured Steve bent over in front of her with her strap-on buried in his ass. Would he let her? Would Dee let her? Would David let her?

"Who the fuck cares?, she said out loud. "This is my fantasy!"

And with that thought in her head she came hard. She pushed the dildo all the way into herself and held it stationary. Her fingers played over her clit, rubbing as many convulsions out of her as possible. When her orgasm subsided she lay there a moment, then pulled the dildo out of her pussy and put it in her mouth. She loved the tasted of pussy - particularly her own. When the dildo was clean she tossed it aside and dipped two fingers, then all four up to the knuckle, into her pussy to get some more of her delicious nectar. She cleaned those fingers in the same way.

"Tomorrow," she thought, "I will be licking Dee's juices from my hands. At least that's my plan."

She turned off the light and lay back on her pillow, thinking of Dee, thinking of sex, thinking of anal and foursomes and dildos. Tomorrow would be a big day all the way around.