 I met her in the dressing room of the new, trendy clothing store in the mall. It was one big room with wall to wall mirrors. No stalls to change in or curtains to hide behind. Nope. It was all out in the open. 

Since the room was empty I decided to go for it. I had this really cute outfit that I wanted to buy to go out clubbing later on and I really wanted to make sure it fit and looked good. I needed to take off my bra to try on the top. Nervously I looked around and took it off. At that exact moment another girl bounded in. I tried to act cool and nonchalant, hoping she wouldn't take notice of me.

" Hi!" She cheerfully exclaimed hanging her clothes up on the hook next to mine. I quickly stuffed myself into the shirt and mumbled back a greeting. She began to strip and I nervously averted my eyes. 

I'm not a prude or anything, but I'm just not comfortable being naked in front of strangers. Oh well, I thought, there goes my career in the porn industry. 

So there I was with this naked stranger next to me that was in no rush to put on her clothes. Actually, she seemed to be examining herself in the mirror. I couldn't help sneaking peeks at her from my peripheral vision. What was she doing??? 

I had to give it to her. She had a banging body. She was average height, with long, straight black hair. She had a caramel colored complexion and big chocolate eyes. Her waist was small and curved down in to shapely hips, a nice rounded ass and long legs. If I could have chosen any body to have, hers would be number one on the list. 

Not that my body was anything to be ashamed of. I got my share of attention from guys. They seemed to like my huge ass, a fact that never ceased to amaze me. My waist was small and my breasts weren't huge, but my ass was the star attraction. My current boyfriend loved to do me from the back and pull my long curly hair. I have to say, I was a big fan of it too. I turned my attention back to the girl standing naked next to me.

Her breasts were huge and they didn't sag at all. Her nipples were large and a dark rose color. She cupped them in her hands and squeezed them, giving me a show. Suddenly she turned to me and I blushed at being caught looking at her. She didn't seem to notice.

" Does my right boob look bigger than the other one to you?" She questioned me. I was flabbergasted.

" Um....uh, I.... Well..." I squinted at them and inspected them a little more closely. 

" They're real you know." She said proudly, still cupping them in her hands. She leaned forward as if offering them to me.

" Wanna feel them?" 

" What?? No!!! No I don't want to feel them!" I said in disbelief. Who was this girl offering her breasts to a complete stranger?

" I'm not a lesbian!" I said nervously. I wondered if I somehow was giving off a lesbian vibe.

" Oh, I know you're not. Neither am I." She said confidently. " Wow, your boobs are pretty nice too." She said in admiration as she reached out and cupped my breasts . In my haste I had forgotten to tie the halter at my neck and it had fallen down revealing myself to her. I tried to act cool like having some strange girl feel me up was something that happened to me everyday.

" Um thanks." I said a little proudly. My breasts weren't as large as hers but they were very firm and sat up without the help of a bra.

" They're so pretty and pink. I like your nipples. Mine are so brown" She trailed a finger lightly over my nipple making it harden. A trail of fire ran down my body pooling in the warmth between my thighs. I inhaled a sharp breath and stiffened. The girl didn't notice. 

" My nipples are so brown and ugly." She complained turning her attention back to the mirror and frowned.

" Oh no, your nipples are pretty too." I argued. What was I doing? Your nipples are pretty too? How was I having this conversation, I wondered.

" Thanks," She said turning to me with a thousand watt smile, " My name is Jessica." She offered her hand for me to shake.

" Uh, Allison." I managed and shook her hand. She offered to help me decide what outfit to wear and somehow got herself invited to go out to the club with me later on that evening. Her open friendly manner intrigued me and we became friends fast. We hung out almost everyday after that. I got used to her openness and got used to seeing her naked and in turn being naked around her. I figured that that was just the way she was. 

Jessica was very open, out-going and affectionate. She embraced her sexuality and was no the least bit bashful. When greeting someone she would often kiss them right on the lips with a loud "Muah". She was very popular in all the clubs that we frequented at night. 

At the moment we were getting ready to go out in her bedroom. She strutted around the room naked while doing her hair.

" Oh god, I'm so horny!" She complained loudly.

" What's the matter, Tyrone's not doing you right?" I smirked. Her boyfriend Tyrone had a huge dick, a fact that she was always teasing me about. My boyfriend, Carlos, wasn't largely endowed but he knew how to move and work so he always satisfied me. Although, there were times that I have wished he was a little bigger and could stretch my pussy wider and really fill me up.

" No, he's been so busy playing football and softball that he doesn't have any time for me." Jessica pouted prettily. 

" Hey, want to see what I got!" She said with a wicked smile on her face. I nodded warily. Jessica was very unpredictable and I just prayed that she didn't have any kind of illegal substances that she wanted to try. She bounded over to her bed and pulled something out from under the mattress. She held up her prize for me to see. It was a DVD. She sashayed over to me and held it up for my inspection. It was a porno! 

" Lets watch it." She went to the DVD player without waiting for a response.

" Um, I don't know Jess. I mean, you want to watch it together? Won't it be weird.?" I thought it would be very weird, especially since seeing her naked already kinda turned me on. I have no idea why since I had never had lesbian inclinations before. In fact I loved having sex with a man. I don't feel really satisfied unless I have a nice dick inside of me. But her body always turned me on. I wondered what it would feel like to take her nipples into my mouth. Instantly I felt guilty. Friends shouldn't feel like this about each other. I felt like I was betraying her trust by having these thoughts and feelings. 

" Why would it be weird?" Jessica asked. " Ty and his boys watch porno's all the time together. They even jerk off right next to each other." She smiled slyly at me. " Don't worry. You can touch your pussy around me. I've seen you naked before. It kinda turns me on a little." 

" Wha- Jess! Don't say those kinda things!" I sputtered, embarrassed, feeling like she had been reading my thoughts. 

" Well, I'm not shy and I WILL play with myself with you around me. You can join me if you want." She huffed, put off by my reluctance. Feeling guilty I took a seat next to her on the couch. 

" All right. Fine. Put it on. I'll watch it." I said feeling a little thrill run through my body. She smiled and jumped up to press start.

" I lost the remote." She said in explanation. The movie started. It was one with a story line and we soon became engrossed in it.

" Ally, I'm feeling kinda underdressed here. Do you mind?" She said eying my fully clothed body. Feeling a little shy I stripped down to my thong since I wasn't wearing a bra. 

" That's better!" She said slapping my thigh and leaving her hand there on my knee. I mentally raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything. The movie had progressed to the full on sex scenes and I was starting to get aroused. Jess was too, I could tell by the increased rise and fall of her breasts. My eyes lingered there on her breasts for a minute before a moan from the TV captured my attention. On screen the guy was fucking the girl from behind, my favorite position. He started fucking her really hard and I imagined myself in her position. 

Having a big, fat dick stretch me and fill me. Being pounded from behind, harder and harder. I was started to get really turned on. My pussy was dripping wet and it felt all tingly. I really wanted to slide my hand down and touch my clit but I still felt a little shy with Jessica next to me. She was so close that our thighs were pressed up against each other. If I wanted to open my legs to get to my clit I would need to push my leg against hers even harder. She would feel my arm move to get down there. God, I realized she was almost on top of me. 

At this point I was feeling extremely uncomfortable, I needed to get to my pussy so bad. I tried to focus on the movie. Another girl had joined the couple on screen and she was sucking on the first girl's titties. My own titties started to tingle and I suddenly urgently needed someone to touch them. I decided that now was the time to make a move. I slowly trailed my hand up my body to my tits and started to rub my nipple. 

" Oh god that's so sexy." Jessica moaned and plunged her hand into her pussy. She was looking at me.

" It's a good movie." I said trying to keep the moan out of my voice.

" No, you. Touching yourself like that. I like it." She moaned. That sent me over the edge and with my other hand I reached for my clit. I was so turned on that I almost came at the first touch. Jessica started to caress my other breast and I was in heaven. She palmed my nipple really softly and rubbed it, making it erect instantly. 

" oooooohhhhh, god, that feels so good. Please... suck it." I begged. That was all the encouragement she needed and she fastened her lips around my engorged nipple. My hand moved faster and faster on my clit as she sucked my tittie harder. Soon her hand joined mine and she began to finger me as I rubbed my pussy. I had never felt anything like it before. Her lush breasts rested on my belly and I reached over to cup one with my free hand. It felt so soft and warn in my hand. I had never felt another girls breasts before. 

By this time I was bucking against Jessica's hand that was forcefully fucking my hole. Oh, god, she was slamming her fist against my entrance and it felt exactly like when my boyfriend was fucking me. She knew exactly how to suck on my tit. It felt so good.

" Oh god, Jessie, oh it feels so good. Oh, fuck me girl, fuck me, oh, just like that!" I moaned loudly. 

" Mmmmm, yeah baby. Take this fist. Cum for me baby. Cum for me Ally." She whispered against my breast. Then she attacked it, sucking it for all she was worth. 

" Oh, oh, oh god, Oh Jess, yes, yes, I'm gonna cum! Oh fuuuuucccckkkk!" I screamed out in orgasm. I laid limply on the couch and Jess nibbled on my tit and stroked my pussy as I shuddered with the after shocks. 

" Mmmmm, that was so hot." She murmured as she reached up to suck on my neck.

" There's only one problem." she said looking into my eyes. I inwardly cringed, realizing what I had just done with my best friend and waited for her criticism. 

" I'm still horny." She answered my unvoiced question. I laughed in relief and began to fondle her tits. She moaned and leaned back into the couch. 

****** Author's Note: There will be more chapters to this story coming soon. Let me now what you think!