 "What movie would you like to watch?" Holly asked Heather.

"I don't care, whatever you want is fine." Heather replied. Heather sat her drink down on the coffee table and made herself comfortable on the couch. Holly put in the movie then sat down beside her. It was a little chilly in Holly's apartment, so Heather took a blanket and threw it over both of their legs. Holly and Heather were best friends. They had decided to hang out that evening and, rather than going out, chose to spend the night in watching movies. They both loved movies and often spent time cuddling and watching new ones together. As they sat on the couch, the movie began, and Holly leaned her head over on Heather's shoulders and snuggled down into the couch. Heather thought nothing of this, since it was how they often sat as they watched movies or television together. "It's been so long since I've had a boyfriend" Holly said.

"Me too. I just haven't met any guys I'm really interested lately." Heather replied, though she found Holly's comment to come a little out of nowhere. They hadn't really been talking about this earlier in the evening. 

"Me either. I guess I've just been feeling kind of lonely lately." Holly said with a sigh.

"It'll be fine. At least we've always got each other, right?" Heather joked.

Holly laughed as Heather put her arm around Holly's shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. They sat this way as they watched the movie for a little while, until Holly raised her head off Heather's shoulder and said, "I want to lie down." She moved around so that her head was on the opposite side of the couch from where Heather sat, and lay down, putting her feet in Heather's lap. Heather readjusted the blanket so they were both covered again. "Better?" she asked Holly.

"Much better," she replied. They sat for several minutes this way when Holly spoke up again, "Cuddle with me."

Heather laughed; Holly always wanted to cuddle. "Where am I going to lay? This couch isn't very wide."

"Just lay on top of me." Holly replied.

"Ok. Just tell me if you're uncomfortable and I'll move." Heather wasn't fat, but she wasn't a stick, and she didn't want to make Holly uncomfortable.

"I promise, I'll be fine."

"If you say so." Heather got up, positioned herself above her friend and settled down on top of her. After being so close for so many years, this again wasn't weird for them. They were used to being this close. Holly put her arms around Heather's back and gave her a little hug. Heather was warm and comfortable, and began watching the movie again, as she lay there with Holly's arms around her. Heather felt Holly's hands moving up and down her back, rubbing it gently, and Holly said, "I'm so glad we're friends."

"Me too." Heather replied. Although there was something in the way Holly had spoken that was different than normal. As Holly continued rubbing her back, Heather suddenly became very aware of how their bodies were connected. Holly shifted around underneath her and she felt how Holly's thigh was right between her legs, and her own crotch right on Holly's thigh. Her head was lying gently on Holly's breast. Since they were so close, she knew that Holly was a D cup, and she could feel how large and soft her breasts were, and they moved up and down each time Holly breathed. 

Heather slyly moved her hips as if she were making herself more comfortable, allowing her crotch to rub Holly's thigh. A wave of pleasure moved through her body from this movement, and Holly ceased rubbing Heather's back and instead ran her fingertips down the length of her back to her hips. A shiver went through Heather's body as she began to wonder what was happening between her and her friend. She had always thought Holly was pretty, but had never done anything with a girl before. She was afraid that she was reading too much into Holly's actions, as they were so close. But she couldn't help but feel that something was different about tonight.

Heather took her fingers and ran them gently up and down Holly's arm, deciding to test Holly's intentions. Holly giggled and said, "That tickles!"

"Oh, sorry." Heather said.

"No, it's good, don't stop." Holly nudged. So Heather continued to tickle Holly's arm, and felt Holly move her hips around underneath her. Holly let slip a heavy breath. "Are you uncomfortable?" Heather asked.

"No, not at all." Holly answered, running her fingertips down Heather's back again. Heather nuzzled her head against Holly's breasts, which were rising and falling more rapidly with Holly's breathing. She continued rubbing Holly's arm and pushed her hips against Holly's body, squeezing her thighs around Holly's thigh. She knew that doing this would cause her thigh to rub against Holly's crotch, and gave her the pleasure of feeling Holly's thigh up against her own. She heard a subtle moan escape from Holly's mouth and knew she also found this enjoyable.

Heather turned her gaze up to Holly's face. Holly's eyes were closed, but she looked down as Heather ran her fingertips down the side of Holly's torso. Holly's ran a hand through Heather's hair and breathed, "This doesn't make you feel weird, does it?"

"No, it feels good."

"I don't want us to do anything that will make you feel weird later."

"No, it's ok. You're the closest friend I have. That will never change." As Heather said this, Holly once again pushed her hips against Heather. Heather responded by pushing back with her own hips, and they began to grind their mounds against each other. Heather knew her own pussy was getting wet, and wondered about Holly's. Holly had placed her hands on Heather's ass, and squeezed it gently, pulling Heather into her. She ran her hand through Heather's hair again and said, "It's warm in here."

"Yeah," Heather replied. 

"Would you mind if I took some clothes off?" Holly said, as she began to rise up from her lying position.

"No, that's fine." Heather said, and she felt that her mouth was dry and she had a nervous but exited feeling in her stomach. She sat up on the couch and gave Holly some room. Holly removed her shirt, allowing Heather to view her large breasts in a cute, flowery bra with lace trim. "Are you warm?" Holly asked her.

"A little." Holly leaned over to Heather, grabbed the bottom of her shirt, and began to pull it up. Heather raised her arms and allowed Holly to remove the shirt from her body. Her own breasts were not as large as Holly's, she was only a C cup, but they filled out her simple black bra nicely. Holly took hold of both of Heather's hands and looked into her eyes. "Is that better?" Heather could only nod in reply. 

Holly moved closer to her and placed her lips lightly on Heather's. She lingered there, and Heather put her hands low on Holly's back. Holly opened her lips a little and pressed them against Heather's once more. This time Heather responded, parting her own lips and allowing Holly's tongue to enter her mouth. Their tongues pressed against each other, as Heather pulled Holly close, their breasts touching, and Heather played with the clasp on Holly's bra until it was open. Holly wriggled out of the bra, and Heather looked at her free breasts. The nipples were pink and hard, and she placed one hand upon Holly's left breast, gently massaging it as they kissed once more. Holly then removed Heather's bra and took both of Heather's breasts into her hands. They pushed their bodies into one another, hard nipples rubbing each other, kissing deeply.

Holly gently coaxed Heather into lying down. She pushed Heather's hair back from her face and kissed her lips, then moved down, kissing her neck and shoulders. She continued farther down, and began kissing Heather's breast. She took Heather's left nipple into her mouth and sucked lightly, teasing it with her tongue, gently squeezing the right breast with her hand. Heather moaned quietly. Holly kissed and sucked each breast, and placed her hand over Heather's pants, between her legs, and squeezed her mound. Holly sat up and grabbed the top of Heather's pants. She slowly pulled them down, over Heather's knees, down to her ankles, until they were off, and threw them in the floor. Heather lay on the couch in just a pair of simple black panties. Holly looked at her hungrily, "You're beautiful," she exclaimed.

"Thanks," Heather replied, as Holly stood and removed her own pants, revealing a pair of red, lacy boy shorts. "You're beautiful too," Heather told her. Holly smiled and sat back on the couch between Heather's legs. She ran her fingers over Heather's pussy, feeling the wetness on her panties. Heather giggled with delight at her touch. Holly teased Heather's mound some more, then leaned down and kissed her inner thigh, one kiss on each leg, and then kissed Heather right over the wet spot on her panties. Heather took in a deep breath as Holly did this. Holly took the top of the panties and began pulling them down, exposing Heather's pussy, a little mound of pubic hair covering her swollen lips.

Holly removed Heather's panties completely, and spread Heather's legs apart. She could see Heather's pink pussy, so pretty and swollen, between her legs. Holly got on her knees beside the couch and leaned her face toward Heather's pussy. It smelled sweet and she placed her mouth over it, taking in Heather's lips and clit, sucking gently. "Oh," Heather sighed, "That feels wonderful." Holly smiled up at her, and ran her hand over Heather's swollen lips. She leaned in and sucked again on Heather's pussy, tasting her wetness. Heather released a little moan and pushed her mound into Holly's mouth.

Holly began to work her mouth on Heather's wet, hot pussy. She inserted her tongue into Heather's tight little hole, moving it in and out, penetrating her opening and feeling it getting wetter. She placed her hand under Heather's bottom, raising her pussy up to her face. She took her pussy into her mouth again, sucking and teasing her clitoris, as Heather began to rock her hips. Heather pushed her mound into Holly's face, and she sucked harder, alternating between sucking and teasing Heather's clit with the tip of her tongue. Heather began moaning more and breath rapidly. Holly knew she was going to make her cum and couldn't wait to give Heather that moment of ecstasy.

Holly removed her mouth from Heather's wetness and brought her hand up to Heather's pussy. She teased Heather's clit, felt that it was hard and her lips were swollen. Heather's wetness was unbelievable and made Holly excited. She rubbed Heather's lips then gently inserted a finger into Heather's opening. Heather sighed and Holly slid the finger back out, then reentered, using two fingers this time. Heather's pussy was tight, but so wet that Holly's fingers slid easily in and out. Holly began using her fingers to gently fuck Heather's wet pussy. As she did this, she put her mouth to Heather's hard clit, kissing and sucking it, while she began fucking Heather's little cunt harder, pushing her fingers in as deeply as they could go.

Heather was moaning uncontrollably, and Holly knew that her release couldn't be far away. Holly couldn't believe this was happening. She had been thinking about Heather in this way for several months now, but was never sure if Heather would accept her feelings. Now that she knew Heather did accept these feelings, she couldn't wait to give Heather as much pleasure as she could. As she sucked on Heather's clit, she suddenly heard Heather let out a loud moan, and felt Heather's body tense, then relax again, then tense. She knew Heather was coming. She continued to suck Heather's clit, until she felt Heather's orgasm was ending. She gently eased her fingers out of Heather's pussy, which was dripping with wetness from the release. She took her tongue and licked the swollen lips, lapping up all of Heather's juices. She kissed her pussy once more then kissed all the way up Heather's body, still heaving from Heather's heavy breaths.

"Thank you," Heather breathed out, as Holly reached her mouth and kissed her deeply, allowing Heather to taste her own wetness.

"You're welcome," Holly replied between another kiss. They lay there for a few minutes, their bodies intertwined, kissing and caressing each other. Heather couldn't believe the pleasure she had just experienced, and that it was Holly who had given it to her. She had never felt anything so wonderful. "I want to make you just as happy," she whispered into Holly's ear. 

She shifted her body out from under Holly's, causing Holly to be lying on the couch, displaying her beautiful, large breasts for Heather. Heather kissed Holly's right breast, sucking on the nipple. She kissed Holly's tummy, licking up from her belly button to in between her breasts. As she licked and kissed Holly's breasts, she placed her hand on Holly's mound, squeezing and rubbing her lips over her lacy panties. She moved her hand and placed in down into Holly's panties, feeling that her pussy was clean-shaven underneath the fabric. She kept rubbing Holly's pussy, feeling her swollen lips and teasing her clit. She kissed Holly's mouth, taking in her tongue and sucking, her hand continuing to work between Holly's legs.

"I want you to sit your pussy on my face," Heather breathed into Holly's ear.

Heather got up from the couch and lay down on the floor, pulling Holly off the couch by her hands. Holly stood up, pushing her panties down over her hips and onto the floor, then got on her knees, straddling Heather right below her breasts. Heather rubbed Holly's swollen lips then Holly moved up until her pussy was right over Heather's mouth. "Your pussy is so beautiful," Heather said as she looked up at Holly's shaved mound, tickling it with her fingers. Then she took her tongue and teased it over Holly's lips and her little clit. Holly eased herself down closer to Heather's mouth. Heather took Holly's pussy in between her lips and sucked, causing Holly to moan with pleasure. Holly grabbed her own breasts, playing with her nipples, and rocked her hips over Heather's face. Heather began sucking Holly's wet pussy vigorously. She looked up and could see Holly's large breasts, Holly playing with the nipples. She grabbed Holly's ass and pulled her even closer, so that her entire mouth was covered by Holly's swollen, wet pussy. 

Heather sucked and teased Holly's clit, pushed her tongue in and out of Holly's wet cunt, and squeezed and rubbed Holly's firm ass. She could hear Holly's moans above her and knew she was pleasing Holly just as much as Holly had pleased her. She kept working over Holly's pussy with her mouth, felt it getting wetter and wetter, Holly's juices running down over her face. Holly was breathing much more rapidly now. She leaned over, placing hear hands on the floor in front of her. She was on all fours, grinding her dripping pussy over Heather's eager mouth. Heather took Holly's clit into her mouth and sucked relentlessly, Holly's moans becoming more and more frequent, growing louder each time Heather stopped sucking and teased Holly's hard little clit with her tongue. 

Heather continued sucking and teasing, squeezing Holly's bottom, tasting her sweet wetness. Suddenly Holly's rocking became faster and she was moaning more loudly than ever. Heather sucked hard on her clit, not letting up until she heard Holly give one last moan, breathing hard and fast, stopping her hips from rocking over Heather's face. Holly sat up, breathing fast, as Heather licked her swollen wetness a few more times. Holly moved from over Heather's face. Heather smiled up at her and Holly said, "You were amazing."

"Kiss me," Heather demanded, playfully. Holly leaned down and kissed her, pulling in Holly's tongue and her own juices. They kissed for several minutes. Holly pulled back and looked at Heather. Heather was playing with Holly's hair. "You lay back down on the couch," Heather instructed Holly.

Holly got up from her position over Heather's naked body and lay down on her back on the couch. Heather also got up from the floor and stood over Holly, taking in how lovely her naked body looked. She moved over Holly, so that she was straddling one leg, and took Holly's other leg and raised it up into the air. She gently placed her pussy directly over the top of Holly's. She eased down, and felt her own lips touch Holly's. She felt the same wave of pleasure as she did earlier when she was lying on top of Holly, grinding her hips against her. She rubbed her pussy right over Holly's, feeling their wetness combining. Holly stroked Heather's breast as Heather began grinding her pussy into Holly's, holding Holly's leg in the air, kissing it lightly and she moved.

Holly sighed and closed her eyes. Heather one hand and placed it on Holly's breast, the other still holding Holly's leg. Holly's large tits were jiggling as Heather rubbed her pussy back and forth over Holly's own shaved cunt. Seeing Holly's breasts bouncing, her eyes closed in ecstasy, made Heather even more excited. She started moving faster and faster against Holly's mound. Heather made a little grunting noise as she pushed hard against Holly. Holly put her raised leg over Heather's shoulder and grabbed Heather's free hand, their fingers interlaced. Heather kissed the side of Holly's leg, and pinched Holly's nipple with her other hand. They were moaning and breathing hard, perfectly in sync, their cunts becoming swollen with excitement again, their juices joining together as their pussies touched.

Their moaning became increasingly louder until Heather felt Holly tensing and relaxing beneath her, knowing she was coming. Just a second later, Heather also began to feel the release of pleasure, and let out a loud moan. When they had both released, she stayed on top of Holly, moving slowly against her. She then moved to lie directly over Holly, just as they had before. This time, she could feel all of Holly's body beneath her, Holly's warm, soft skin pressing against her own. Holly put her legs around Heather's back, squeezing her close, rubbing Heather's back with her hands. They kissed for several minutes then Holly turned so they were lying on their sides, facing each other.

They kissed again, Holly caressing Heather's back, Heather running her hand through Holly's hair. They wrapped their legs together and kissed and held each other. They lay there until they each drifted off to sleep, closer than they had ever been before.