 "Hanna! I need you to get here quickly! It's an emergency!" 

Hanna jumped to her feet the minute she heard the panic in her best friend's voice. Liza never got this worked up unless it was an absolute emergency. 

"Wait, where are you going?" Hanna heard her date ask as she turned to walk off. Shit, she had forgotten he was there. 

She didn't even want this date to happen, but here she was stuck with a man twice her age who only talked about golf and hookers. She was going to kill Liza when she got home. It was her idea the whole time and Hanna didn't even want to do it. Come to think of it, why had Liza insisted so much? This man was clearly not Hanna's type. She stored that question away to answer at a later date. 

"I have to go Seth. Family emergency." She left him sputtering behind her as she hurried from the restaurant, ignoring the stares she was getting. She was used to stares. She had been getting them since she hit age 15. Dirty old men, jealous old ladies, and horny guys. 

If she had to be completely honest with herself, she knew she could be defined as beautiful. Wavy black hair that brushed her waist, brilliant blue eyes that could pierce a person with a single look. She had high, firm breasts that stood proud on her chest, right above her narrow ribcage. Followed immediately by that was a tiny waist with full child-bearing hips. She ran almost daily so her legs were nicely toned. 

Yes, Hanna thought she was quite beautiful, and she often used this beauty to her advantage. Recently however, she just couldn't bring herself to ensnare any men. She guessed her conscience was just beginning to finally bug her. That's why she couldn't believe it that she agreed to this blind date that Liza had set up. The only reason she finally agreed is because she needed to get out of the house. All she ever did anymore was sit around watching movies and playing games. 

This wouldn't be so bad except, Hanna had a two year old son; Joshua. This made the movies and games slightly less appealing. I mean, there are only so many times you can watch Veggie Tales and play Candy Land before you want to rip your hair out. 

"Not that I don't love the kid, but sometimes I just need to get out." 

Telling herself this was what finally convinced her to go out. However, she made Liza swear to not let anything happen tonight with Josh. Seems like she didn't stick to the one rule laid down for her to follow. 

As Hanna rushed to her car, her cell phone began buzzing in her hand. She answered the phone at the same time as she climbed into her car. Clicking her seat belt, she answered. 

"Hello?" 

"Hanna! I forgot to tell you that we're in the hospital so that's where you need to go." Her friend's voice came from over the line. The hospital? Oh God, this just kept getting worse. 

Without saying goodbye, Hanna clicked the phone closed and took off out of the parking lot. Praying she didn't get stopped at any lights or by any cops, she sped as fast as legally allowed to get to the hospital. 

The hospital was on the other side of town, and held a lot of good memories for Hanna. She had worked there for 2 years, since Joshua was born. Everyone there absolutely loved the dark-haired little boy. Hell, half of them helped to deliver him and take care of him. She hoped that those good memories weren't about to get ruined by what had happened to Josh. 

"Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay." She kept repeating in her head. Over and over. She couldn't keep her mind from wondering to what kinds of horrible things could have happened. What if he broke something? Or ruptured something? She couldn't handle losing him. She loved him so much. He was all she had left from her disastrous teenage marriage. What would she do if she lost him?

"Stop!" She commanded herself. It didn't help to think about what-ifs. She was almost there now and would see what had happened. 

Pulling into the parking lot, she had trouble finding a parking place. The hospital was busier than normal for 9 at night. Usually there were fewer people. Barely remembering to lock the doors as she rushed out of the car, she ran through the doors to the reception desk. 

Laurie was there tonight and made as if to greet Hanna. 

"Please, I just need to see my son." Hanna said, breathless. 

Laurie nodded somberly and stood up to lead Hanna to the appropriate room. Immediately, Hanna took this as a bad sign. Laurie never did anything that she didn't have to do. The slightly overweight brunette was very sweet, but extremely lazy. If it was something small, Laurie wouldn't have led her, she would have just told her the room number. 

As they got nearer to the room, Hanna started to notice something odd. There didn't seem to be very many people around. The hallways were deserted. What was more odd is the fact that when they got to room 119, it appeared as if the lights were off. Opening the door, Hanna saw that they were in fact off. 

"What's—" Hanna started to ask Laurie, but at that moment, the lights were turned on and her question was cut off abruptly by a loud noise coming from the room. 

"SURPRISE!"

Hanna turned in shock as all of her coworkers jumped out from behind medical equipment as the lights were turned on. 

She turned to see Laurie laughing at the dumbstruck look on her face. "Today's your two year anniversary with us and we wanted to let you know how much we love you and love having you here. It was all Liza's idea." She explained. 

At that moment, she heard a squeal from the level of her knees. 

"Mommy!" Joshua yelled as he hugged her around the legs. 

A grin split Hanna's face as she saw that Joshua was okay. 

"Hey baby." She said, bending down to pick him up. "Did you help them do all of this?" She asked laughing at the proud look on his face as he nodded his head, causing his ebony curls to bounce. He had inherited his hair from her, but his beautiful green eyes, he had got from his father. "Well thank you, I love you so much baby."

"I love you mommy." He wriggled a little to get out of her grip and she placed him back down on the floor. Immediately, he ran to a table that was covered in paper and streamers and balloons. Looking closer, she saw a cake that said "Congratulations Hanna" on top of the table. She thought she knew what Joshua was so excited about. 

"Hey," Liza said, walking up to her. "Sorry about having to get you down here that way, I couldn't think of any other way. And I guess Seth did his job good by distracting you?" 

"You nearly gave me a heart attack! I thought something had happened to Josh! And what do you mean, distracting me?" Hanna asked her friend suspiciously. t. 

Liza's green eyes sparkled as she laughed at the look on her friend's face. "Go have fun at your party." She said with an innocent look on her face and a little push towards all the people waiting to congratulate her. ***** The evening passed quickly, with Joshua eating a lot of cake and promptly passing out on a hospital bed. At around 11, Hanna figured it was time to get Joshua into bed so she told everyone bye and thank you, and carried Josh to the car. Shortly after, Liza climbed into the passenger seat. The two lived together since neither could afford rent and utilities on their own. The drive home was spent talking about the party and when they arrived at the house, Liza unlocked the front door while Hanna carried Josh to his bedroom. After getting him in his pajamas and tucking him into bed, she went into the living room where Liza was waiting with a bottle of wine. 

"Thought you might like a nightcap before going to bed. You know, you are quite old and it is past your bedtime." She snickered, enjoying poking fun at her friend's expense. 

"Excuse you," Hanna said indignantly, "I am only 23." 

"Yeah, practically ancient." 

The friends laughed and started drinking. 

Two hours and another bottle of wine later:

"Hanna?" Liza slurred from one side of the couch. 

"Hmm?" Hanna wasn't paying much attention. She was focused on throwing chewy candies into a bowl on the table. 

"Have you...I mean, have you ever, you know...been with a...a girl?" Liza cautiously asked, looking at her friend. 

Hanna's blue eyes met green, both slightly glazed from the alcohol. "Why would you ask that?"

"I'm just curious."

Completely focused on Liza now, Hanna said, "No, have you?"

Reluctantly, Liza answered, "yes." 

Hanna gasped. "Was it any good?" 

Liza thought about it for a minute or two. It had been a few years before, when she was still in college. The time of experimentation. Her roommate had ambushed her in the shower and they had gotten kind of carried away. At the time, she wasn't sure she had liked it, but after a few more years and a few more experimentations she loved it. 

"It's better than with a guy." She finally admitted, biting her lip, worrying about her friend's reaction. Hanna was no prude, but she was far from kinky, and even further from lesbian. 

Hanna sat there with her mouth open for a second then started laughing. She laughed so hard that she fell off the couch into the floor. She couldn't see how a finger up your pussy felt better than a dick. 

"What's so funny?" Liza asked, angrily looking down at her friend rolling around on the floor laughing. She huffed loudly when Hanna wouldn't stop laughing enough to tell her what was so damn funny. 

When Hanna wouldn't quit laughing, Liza got in the floor and grabbed her hands which were clutched to her sides. She stretched Hanna's arms above her head. The action pushed her breasts up higher. They bulged against the top of her low cut shirt, almost spilling out. "Why the fuck are you laughing?" Liza demanded an answer. 

Surprised from the display of violence that her friend was displaying, Hanna immediately stopped laughing. "Well, you're kidding right? I mean, sex isn't better with a girl. Girl's probably don't even kiss better than a guy, let alone make love." Hanna scoffed at the affronted look on her friend's face. 

"Wanna bet?" Liza quietly asked. 

"What?"

Suddenly, Liza leaned over and kissed Hanna right on the mouth. Hanna tried to pull away at first, but Liza wouldn't allow her to. She kept a steady pressure until Hanna tentatively started to kiss back. Lightly at first, their kiss deepened as they both got into it. Liza's lips were softer than Hanna would have originally guessed. She gasped lightly as Liza gently bit her full bottom lip. Taking advantage of her open mouth, Liza plunged her tongue into Hanna's mouth. Hanna's mouth was full and warm, her tongue sensually wrapping around Liza's. 

The kiss seemed to go on for hours. When Liza finally pulled away, Hanna was breathing heavy, her breasts heaving. She felt her lips tingling and she had a delicious tingle between her legs as well. She didn't know what was going on, but she loved the feeling. She wanted more. 

Liza sat there looking smug. Hanna's cheeks were flushed and her chest was rising and falling rapidly. If she had to guess, she would say that Hanna enjoyed it. If she thought about it, she realized that she had always wanted this. For as long as she could remember, she had had a crush on Hanna. And she absolutely loved little Joshua. She always wanted to be a part of the family, in more ways than just friendship. 

Without waiting for permission, Liza leaned over and kissed Hanna again, slightly harder now. This time, Hanna responded almost immediately. She couldn't think straight. How could she like this? It wasn't possible, she wasn't a lesbian. She liked guys, not girls. 

She groaned as Liza pushed her shirt up and ran her hands up her sides to just under her ribcage. She wanted Liza to touch her so badly. More than she ever wanted anything in her life. She fisted one hand in Liza's hair and she ran the other hand under Liza's shirt, tentatively at first but growing bolder as she felt the warm skin under her fingertips. 

Liza pulled back from the kiss with a gasp as Hanna's fingers stroked the underside of her breast. Growing bolder by the sounds Liza was making, Hanna kissed down the side of her neck, listening to her moan. Nibbling lightly on Liza's collarbone made the woman gasp out loud. Hanna got bolder and leaned back to pull Liza's shirt off. 

Her breath caught in her throat as she took in the sight in front of her. Liza was beautiful. Her long blonde hair fell in soft waves, gently caressing the tops of her already erect nipples. Her waist was tiny and her stomach flat. Pressing a small kiss to the swell of her breast, Hanna leaned down and took a nipple into her mouth, gently sucking to see what reaction she would get. 

"Oh Hanna," Liza moaned loudly as Hanna nibbled lightly. Emboldened by Liza's moans, she sucked harder, pulling the nipple into her mouth to caress it with her tongue. 

Liza clutched the back of her head to encourage Hanna, who had moved on to the other breast to give them the same treatment. Kissing her way back up to Liza's mouth, she massaged her slightly wet breasts with her hands. 

Liza groaned and pushed Hanna backwards. Hanna's back hit the floor with a slight thud. She barely had time to orient herself with this change of position before Liza was on top of her, kissing her passionately. Hanna realized that her pussy was throbbing with need. She was extremely wet. Liza broke their kiss to take off Hanna's shirt as well. Hanna pulled her back down for a kiss, pressing their breasts together. The friction felt so good, their breasts rubbing together, their nipples stroking each other. Hanna was scratching up and down Liza's back, needing to feel every inch of her beautiful body. 

Liza kissed down Hanna's neck and chest, pausing briefly to give attention to Hanna's nipples and navel. She reached the top of her friend's jeans and looked up at her face to see if she was going to be turned away. When Hanna only moaned and pushed her hips up, Liza unbuttoned her jeans and pulled both them and Hanna's panties off her hips. 

In one word, Hanna was beautiful. She was completely shaven with puffy lips that protruded slightly. Feeling Liza's gaze on her, Hanna whimpered quietly, raising her hips in open invitation. 

Leaning down, Liza ran her tongue from the bottom of her slit to the top where she located her clit. The minute her tongue touched the little button, Hanna gasped loudly and bucked her hips up wildly. 

Liza grabbed Hanna's hips and held them down as she began exploring her friend's pussy. Every lick elicited moans and whimpers from Hanna. Getting turned on herself, Liza pulled back briefly to pull her own pants off. Hanna cried out loud when Liza pulled away but nearly screamed when Liza fastened her mouth back on her. 

Liza began to rub herself with one hand, while inserting two fingers into Hanna's wet pussy. She fastened her mouth onto Hanna's clit and flicked her tongue while occasionally sucking. Hanna's moans only urged her on further and further as she neared her climax. 

"Oh yes Liza! Right there. Harder, harder, harder...

Ohh yes." Hanna moaned breathlessly. 

"I'm so close Liza. So close. Ohhhh...I'm gonna come Liza. Yes baby, yes." Looking down, Hanna got even more turned on as she saw that Liza was playing with herself. She wanted to do that to her friend. She had the right to do it. 

Abruptly stopping her friend, Hanna pushed a shocked Liza backwards and climbed on top of her. Kissing her fiercely, Hanna began to grind their hips together. 

The friction, the delicious feeling of their wet, sweaty bodies rubbing together. Hanna suddenly turned around and put her pussy right on Liza's face. A little scared, she cautiously licked Liza's pussy. To her amazement, Liza had a sweet taste that she couldn't get enough of. She plunged her tongue into Liza's hole, lapping at her sex. 

Hanna could feel Liza's moans against her pussy as she got closer and closer to the edge. 

"Ohhhh! Mmmm" With a loud moan, both girls came simultaneously. 

Hanna turned around, kissing her tired friend one last time, licking around her lips, enjoying the taste of herself on her friend's tongue. Panting, Liza picked Hanna up and carried her to the bedroom. 

Collapsing onto the bed, Hanna cuddled up to Liza's side, running her hands up and down her stomach. 

"Hanna...?" Liza ventured after a few minutes. 

"Hmm?" Hanna mumbled sleepily. 

"I love you..." 

Hanna was shocked for a minute, but she realized that she loved her best friend too. More than she should love a friend. For the first time in her life, she didn't think about Kevin as she had sex. Sex with Liza just felt.....right. 

"I love you too Liza." 

With a contented sigh, Liza cuddled Hanna closer to her and they fell asleep entwined with each other.