 I was having marital issues and was at a friend's house, having drinks and commiserating about husbands and their flaws. We had been friends in school, lost touch for years while raising our families, and had reconnected about 5 years ago. Our paths were amazingly similar in some ways and so different in others. 

It was an enjoyable, relaxing, no stress night, but it was getting late. I was going to call my eldest son to pick me up as I was in no shape to drive. But my friend offered me the use of her spare room for the night if I didn't want to go home. I certainly wasn't looking forward to dealing with the million and one questions I was sure to get from my oh so loving husband. So I drunkenly took her up on her offer.

Being roughly the same size she went and got me a pair of shorts and a tank top to sleep in and pointed me to the spare room. We had both had children and weren't the skinny mini's we were in high school. Personally I think grown women should have meat on their bones, I mean, who wants to cuddle up to a bundle of sticks? Convention and that horrible BMI chart would say we were overweight. However, we are both busty and proportionately shapely, she is slightly taller than I, has long legs, and is more fit as she runs for stress relief. I am shorter, have a rounder ass, and am softer as I have found that meditative yoga does wonders for relieving my stress. There are days I feel fat and unattractive and would love to lose weight. But generally I'm OK with my looks, I get enough compliments and looks to assure me that I'm just fine the way I am. One man once told me I was lush, ha ha ha, lush, luscious, I really liked that term and have used it to describe myself more than a few times after that. But back to the story:

As I was pulling the tank top over my naked breasts she came in carrying yet another bottle of wine. 

"Oh sorry," she said as she plopped onto the bed. 

I laughed and said, "It's ok," as I shimmied into the shorts that were a bit on the snug side. 

"I know getting to sleep is the hardest part when you're upset," she said shaking the open wine bottle at me. "So I figured I'd keep you company and get you a little drunker." 

I laughed plopping onto the bed myself thinking it was nice having a friend who completely understood what you were going through. 

We took turns swigging out of the bottle as she had left the wineglass on the kitchen counter. We talked about our husbands, what they liked and didn't like sexually, what we liked and didn't like, what we wanted more of and such. Joking around that she would love my husband because he loved giving oral sex, loved the way a pussy looks, feels and tastes. And how I'd love her husband as he has no problem being aggressive in the bedroom, a little spanking, hair pulling and biting. Laughing all the while. 

However the drunker I got I kept noticing that she would touch my leg or arm when she talked and wondered why. Having my inhibitions lowered and being so comfortable with her I asked her. 

"Well, you are a very attractive woman and I hate that you aren't feeling that way," she told me. "And, umm, don't freak out, but I find you sexy as hell." 

Now I knew she and her husband had dabbled in the swinger scene trying to save their marriage years ago, but never really thought she felt anything besides friendship towards me. And from all our chatting that evening she knew I was wanting and needing more but I never considered her as my 'more' until right at that moment.

We were both laying across the bed passing the bottle back and forth so as she rose up on her elbow she was almost over me. Looking at me, she read my expression correctly and leaned down to kiss me. Oh my, what was happening? Was this OK? It sure felt OK, and this was one of my long held fantasies. 

I reached up to wrap my arms around her and deepened the kiss. It felt wonderful, no scratchy mustache or goatee, just the softness of our lips. My hands roamed over her body as we kissed, from her ass, up the back of her shirt to her shoulders, back down to lift her leg over me, up the side of her leg to her waist, up higher to her breast, tweaking the nipple through her shirt, to her face. 

How soft and wonderful she felt. 

She broke the kiss, sat me up and slid the tank top over my head, taking hers off as well. As her breasts swung free I smiled at how similar they were to mine. While mine were slightly larger we both had more than a heavy handful with large areolas and after nursing our kids our breasts were criss crossed with light stretch marks. Victoria Secret says I'm a 36DD but up until I was properly sized I wore a 38C. You can't imagine the wonders a proper bra does, not just to the shape but the comfort of having to wear the damn thing all day. Neither of us could get away with going braless with any hopes of fitting into our clothes properly and not jiggling all other the place. I think full adult breasts with a soft droop and upturned nipples are way sexier than the firm non-jiggly teenage version we once had. But anyway, back to the story:

She pushed me back to the bed with a laugh and put her mouth on my nipple. I moaned and arched my back, it felt amazing. Knowing I didn't mind it rough when I got worked up she grabbed the tip between her teeth and pulled, which sent a shock through my body, curling my toes. 

I wanted her, every part of her, I wanted to touch, feel, taste her. I wanted it all. Knowing she'd tell me if she didn't like it, I flipped her over, straddled her, loosely holding her hands over her head, and kissed her with complete abandon. Easing myself down her body I nipped her jaw, kissed her neck, shoulder, chest, until I reached her breast. Her nipple was hard, tightening her large areola, as I took it in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around it, sucked on it, flicked it with my tongue. 

Mmmm, but I wanted more. 

I eased myself further down her body leaving a trail of licks, sucks, gentle bites, and kisses. Breast to ribs, ribs to the side of her waist, waist to her soft belly approaching my goal. By this time most of my body is off the bed, as my feet touched the floor I pulled her body to the edge and removed her shorts and underwear. Spreading her legs slowly, I got my first look at her, I'd never seen a pussy this close before. 

Hers was pretty and pink below her ginger pubic hair as her completion was lighter than mine with pump outer lips almost hiding her inner lips and tiny clit. My own is darker as I have a bit of Hispanic in my bloodline, with long inner lips and a pronounced hood and clit. We were both trimmed up front with a natural triangle of hair and shaved clean on the underside. I was glad she hadn't shaved herself bare. I don't know why, but it kind of grosses me out when grown women shave everything off, why would you want to look like a child? Why would men like that? But I digress again, back to the story:

I ran my fingers lightly over her plump lips. 

"That tickles," she says with a shiver as I continue to explore her sex.

I spread her lips to expose her inner lips and pink clit. She braces her heels on the bedframe and spreads her legs wider. Her entrance glistens with her juices and I run my finger up the short length of her lips to her clit. Using her natural wetness I circle her clit with my finger, eliciting a soft moan from her. Holding her lips apart with my fingers I lean in to take my first taste of another woman. 

I don't know what I was expecting her to taste like and I don't know what exactly she tasted like, it is hard to describe. She tasted like me (I love it when my husband kisses me after eating me to orgasm), but different, a little more musky a little less tangy. All I really know was she tasted wonderful.

I ran my tongue from taint to clit, back down over one of her plump lips, up the groove between her lips, around her clit, everywhere, just exploring her, feeling everywhere, tasting it all. I wanted to see if she liked what I like, and not really knowing what I was doing I figured it was a good place to start. I opened my mouth and placed it over her entirely; using the flat of my tongue I rubbed her clit firmly before sucking on it. She moaned, but not with the intensity I wanted to hear. Changing tactics I began flicking her clit with just the tip of my tongue, the intensity of her moans increased and the muscles in her inner thigh began to twitch. I was certainly on the right track.

I pulled back from her glistening wet pussy to blow a stream of cold air onto her. She inhaled a gasp and I saw goose bumps form on her body and her nipples tighten. LOL what power I have!

I lean back in to see if I can make her cum. After warming her back up with the heat of my mouth and tongue I once again begin working her clit with the pointed tip of my tongue, but this time I insert a finger into her pussy, working it in and out, in and out. She moans and her hands come up to grasp her own tits, massaging them and pulling on her nipples. How sexy is it to look up a woman's body and see this view? Now I understand why my husband likes eating pussy so much.

I turned my palm up, finger still inside her to see if I can find her g-spot. Mine does not do a whole lot to get me there, for me it's all clit action that makes me cum, but I was hoping hers was sensitive and I could pleasure her my first time. Using my finger, turned up, I made come here motions feeling for her g-spot. My husband says it feels kind of like a spongy area, and as I find hers, I realize he was pretty damn close in his description. Her moans turned into quick little pants as I worked her clit and g-spot together. I could feel her pussy constrict around my finger, dipping her g-spot firmly against my finger. I inserted my middle finger alongside my pointer to add more pressure and area to rub her with. 

I continue to flick her clit as I rub her g-spot, but she pushes her clit upwards. I take this to mean she needs more pressure on her clit and I gladly provide it, pushing and rubbing her clit with the flat of my tongue. Apparently that is exactly what she needed. Her pants and moans turned into a closed lipped extended MMMmmmMMmmm as her legs twitch, her stomach cups, her hands grasp at the sheets under her. Knowing she is almost there, I increase speed and pressure inside her with my fingers and on her clit with my tongue.

"Oh god!" she screamed as she arched her back off the bed.

I get a taste her as she cums, removing my fingers I wrapped my mouth around her and inserted my tongue in her pussy as her whole body shook and quaked with her orgasm. Oh god is right, she tasted great, perfect as I sucked and slurped at her pussy.

"Holy shit," she panted, as she swiped at the hair plastered to her sweaty forehead. "Are you sure you've never been with a woman before?"

"Pretty damn sure," I laughed.

She laughed with me as I climbed up her naked body to kiss the smile on her lips. I had intended to give her a little peck, which I did, but the look in her eyes told me she wanted more. I tilted my head and leaned back in to rest my lips on hers, she responded and opened her lips to mine, we kissed deeply yet softly. Is it weird that I could feel the kiss all the way to the tips of my toes?

"I love the way I taste on your lips." She said smiling against my lips with her eyes closed.

I smile back while still kissing her. I love that I made her cum, I guess it's true a woman really does know how to please another woman best. I think I may have enjoyed that as much as she did.

She raised her arms over her head, breaking the kiss. She closed her eyes while she stretched, inhaled and blew out the breath. She smiled and said, "I do believe it's your turn."

I don't know why but I felt myself blush as she pushed me on my back.