 "Why did you drag me here, Gabby?" I shouted at my older sister, over the pounding music. Equally as loud, she shouted back. 

"You don't get out of the house enough, Vivian. I am going to get you a drink. I'll be right back, relax, have some fun." She disappeared around the corner, leaving me by myself, awkwardly standing in a semi-crowded living room. 

Maybe Gabby was right, I am a complete introvert, but this is not my idea of getting out and having fun. I have never been one for parties, but it made my sister happy to include me. I looked around to see who was all here, noticing some other girls from the collegiate volleyball team, a handful of band kids, and some other people I didn't know. Maybe I would eventually work up the courage to talk to one of them, but for right now I was comfortable in my small corner. Gabby returned with two plastic cups, handing one to me. 

"What's this?" I asked, alarmed. I haven't drank alcohol before. What kind of effect would it have on me?

"Don't worry, Viv. It's just orange juice and vodka. It's called a screwdriver, try it. It might help you calm your nerves." Gabby advised me. I took her word for it, taking first a sip then a gulp.

The tightness in my chest faded and replaced itself with a warm, cozy feeling. I smiled at my sister, to which she laughed. 

"See, I told you. Come on, they are playing Seven Minutes in Heaven in the basement. Let's put our names in!" After taking another swig of my drink, I followed my sister through a hallway and down a flight of stairs. The more I drank, the more I felt at ease. I was starting to enjoy myself, slightly nodding my head to the beat of the music. 

When we reached the bottom of the stairs, I saw more familiar faces. It was comforting to be around people that I knew. Kaitlynn was writing names on paper, putting them all in the same bowl. I elbowed Gabby, confused. 

"I know I don't get out much, but aren't there supposed to be two bowls, one for guys and one for girls?" She chuckled. 

"Usually, yes. But it mixes things up even more when it is possible that two guys or two girls could be drawn together. It makes things more fun." I nodded in response while Gabby had Kaitlynn put our names in the bowl before heading over to sit on the floor, against the wall.

I don't know why I wanted to play this game. I have never even been kissed, let alone for seven minutes. What would I do? Besides, what if I get drawn with some creep? I looked around, surveying the other people playing. One face, however, made my heart stop. Tori Young. 

Tori is the star hitter for our volleyball team, one of the most popular girls at the university. She is absolutely perfect, with long, muscular legs, curvy hips, and a confident attitude that is welcoming. Any time I am around her, I swoon. Tori is the person who first made me think about being with a girl, intimately. Not that I could share it with anyone, or I would be considered a freak. She doesn't feel the same way, anyway. Not only is she two years older than me, I am pretty sure she is 100% straight. Still, a girl can dream. Gabby came to sit next to me, breaking my train of thought.

"Are you ready, Vivian? I am so excited." I smiled weakly back at her. 

"Gab- if I get drawn, I wouldn't know what to do, I-" Gabby cut me off quickly. 

"Don't worry about it, if you do end up kissing your person, just go with the flow. You'll be okay." I took another drink from the solo cup and took a deep breath. The volume of the music lowered as Kaitlynn reached into the bowl to pick the first two names. 

"James Corey and Hailey Sharpe." Now, those were two names I didnt recognize. The two rose from their spots on the floor, slowly walking toward the small, half bathroom. I caught a glimpse of poor Hailey, her face was red as a tomato. I instantly felt sorry for her. After the two entered the bathroom, James set a timer on his phone and the door was closed. While they were in the bathroom, I opened my phone and read through the discover section of Snapchat to pass the time. 

Seven minutes later, the door opened. Out came an even redder faced Hailey, followed by James who looked equally mortified. Kaitlynn moved her hand around in the bowl, mixing up the names once again. I was getting more and more anxious about the possibility of my name getting called, I didn't know what to do. I took another sip of my drink in anticipation. Maybe my name wouldn't get called. I could go home, unembarrassed with my dignity intact. Finally, two names were pulled out of the bowl. 

"Vivian Webster" I looked up from my phone, wanting to make sure I heard right. Gabbe looked at me and nodded, meaning I was indeed picked. Kaitlynn looked at the other piece of paper for a second and smiled.

"And, for our first same sex couple tonight... Tori Young." I opened my eyes wide and looked around the room to see that Tori has already stood up. Gabby nudged me, smirking. I wanted to slap her in the face. I shakily got up before chugging the rest of my drink. I was going to need the confidence in that room, no matter what happened. Slowly, I followed Tori, who was setting a timer on her phone. Once we were both inside, I closed the door, counting the tiles on the ground to pass the time.

"I know you have been staring at me in Volleyball" Tori said, breaking the silence. Mortified, I opened my mouth to speak but couldn't get any words out. 

"Shh... it's okay, I don't mind. It actually kind of makes me happy that someone appreciates my body that much." Tori walked closer, backing me against the door. 

"You know, it is hard to come across lesbians in a small campus town like this." I nodded quickly, a strange, tingly feeling spreading across my body. I couldn't put a name to it, but I liked it. Tori was now so close, I was pinned against the door by her body. 

"But anyway, we only have six-and-a-half minutes left and I want to enjoy every moment of it." She grabbed my wrists and held them above my head, looking down at me with a certain, impassioned look in her eyes. It was intimidating, giving she towered over my 5'0 body by almost a foot. Then, she did something I never would have expected her to do. She kissed me. Tori Young kissed me. I was nervous, never having kissed someone before, but I melted into her touch and, before long, started matching her movements with my own lips. 

Tori let go of my arms and placed her hands on my back, pulling me closer. This continued for a few moments as the kissing got more intense. She gently nibbled my lower lip, causing me to gasp at the sudden jolt of pleasure. Tori took advantage of this and slid her tongue into my mouth, entangling it with mine. I recognized the feeling in my chest as it spread lower. It was the same feeling I got when watching dirty movies or reading smut, but more intense than ever before. Tori Young was arousing me, more than I ever thought possible. 

Our tongues battled more ferociously as she pressed herself into me. I let my hands wander and eventually rest on her hips. She brought her hands up to my torso, sliding them up my shirt. I felt goosebumps as she ran her hand across my stomach and up my sides. I did the same, eliciting a moan from Tori in response. She gently squeezed my boobs through my bra, making me shiver. I felt my lower region pulse a little. How was she making me feel this way without even taking my clothes off? 

Our kiss continued that way for what seemed like eternity, our movements becoming more ragged and desperate. Tori pulled away, causing me to whimper. Her lips weren't absent for long, however. She began kissing my face and body, from my jawline down to the crook of my neck. I moaned at the exquisite feeling, which caused Tori to cover my mouth. She slightly nibbled on one spot in particular, causing my hips to involuntarily buck. I wanted nothing more in that moment for Tori to do more, for her to take her mouth lower, but I was disappointed as she once again pulled away, looking at her phone.

"We only have thirty seconds. Wait a few seconds after I leave, then go up to the second floor. The guest bedroom is the last one on the right of the hallway. Make sure no one, not even your sister, knows. Tell her you are going to lay down or something." With that, she straightened her shirt and ponytail before casting another glance at me.

"You might want to button your shirt before you leave." I looked down at my neck, noticing a small, purple bruise. My eyes widened as I realized it wasn't just any bruise, but indeed a mark left by Tori during our passionate embrace. I quickly buttoned my polo shirt to the top button, effectively concealing the hickey. Tori's phone went off, signaling the end of our seven minutes. We both left the bathroom at the same time. 

My brain was racing as I made my way back to Gabby. My greatest fantasy just came true, Tori Young made out with me. Not only that, she invited me to a guest bedroom for God knows what else. All the possible scenarios flew through my head, ranging from the worst, being the next prank victim of a viral YouTube video, to the best, which is Tori taking my virginity. I told Gabbe I was going to find a place to lay down, the alcohol combined with the loud music was giving me a headache. She nodded, staying in case her name got called.

I shakily walked up both the first and the second flight of stairs. I was nervous, excited, aroused, and also slightly tipsy. Again, I was about to have sex with my dream girl, I wasn't sure how to react. Finally, I reached the guest bedroom hesitating before knocking. 

"Come in, Vivian." When I stepped inside, Tori was sitting on the edge of the queen size bed. She patted the spot next to her, signaling for me to sit. 

"Tori, I want to do this, I really do, but I am really nervous.. I mean, I am... I haven't really..." Tori turned to face me, looking into my eyes. 

"You're a virgin, aren't you?" I looked at the ground, at the wall, then back at her before slowly nodding my head and looking at the comforter. Tori lifted my chin up to make eye contact again. 

"Hey, that's okay. You don't have to be nervous. We can take it slow if you want. We don't have to do anything you don't want to do." Her reaction relaxed me a tiny bit, I was grateful that she wasn't judging me. 

"Okay, I want to do this." I said while still looking into her eyes. She smiled, let go of my chin, and stood up. 

"Alright, Vivian. Rest your head on the pillows and lay back on the bed, in the middle. Let's walk through this. You're going to love this, I can promise you that." I did what I was told, secretly loving the feeling of being told what to do. It made me happy to obey Tori, for whatever reason. She got back on the bed, straddling my waist. 

Tori leaned down and placed her lips on mine once again. I readily accepted, hungry for her kiss. Things progressed faster this time, with us going from kissing sweetly to full on making out in almost no time. Sparks ignited everywhere in my body, every nerve becoming stimulated as she writhed on top of me. 

I let my hands move around a bit, comfortably settling on the back of her neck. She also started moving her hands down my sides, then back up, but under my shirt this time. My body was on fire, despite the goosebumps covering my arms. Tori broke the kiss, huskily whispering into my ear, 

"We are wearing too much clothing." I watched, transfixed as Tori first took off her shirt, then her bra. Her breasts were perky and large, with coffee colored nipples that were standing at attention. Shakily, I asked 

"Can I-I-I...?" She smirked. 

"If course you can touch them, but we need to take your top off, too. Sit up." Tori gently removed my polo, followed by my sports bra. She smiled at the sight, bringing her hands down to touch my breasts. I did the same with her, enjoying the touch. I was completely zoned out, looking at her chest, when I felt a sharp sensation that felt more like pleasure than pain. Toni was rolling one of my nipples between her fingers, making me gasp. A tingle shot through my body and I didn't want her to stop. 

Tori brought her mouth back down to me, this time going for my neck instead of my mouth. Each kiss sent more electricity through me, causing me to quietly moan in appreciation. She kissed further and further, until she reached my collar bone. Tori looked up at me with a concerned expression. 

"Are you sure you want to keep going?" She asked. I nodded, I would agree to anything if it meant Tori kept kissing me, which is what she did. She kissed a trail along my collar bone and down the center of my chest. 

I closed my eyes and let the pleasure roll in as she closed her mouth over one of my nipples. She sucked, gently nibbled, and licked the tiny nub, gaining another long moan from me. She switched nipples and did the same to the other, achieving a similar response. The currents of pleasure coursed through my body, all building up in one specific spot. Her tongue lashed back and forth, gradually gaining speed. Tori pulled away yet again, sensing I was ready to take things a step further. She kissed my lips yet again, teasing me even more. 

"Are you ready, V? I am going to take off your pants now. We can stop if you want to." I shook my head, taking a minute to catch my breath. My body was alive with need, I couldn't wait any longer. Tori has unlocked some sort of animalistic craving, it was like my entire life would end if she didn't continue. 

My response was just as eager as I felt, driven by the now pulsing feeling in between my legs. 

"I want this more than anything in the world, just shut up and fuck me." I think my own directness shocked Tori, it most certainly shocked myself. She smirked.

"I knew you would say that eventually." Tori moved off the bed, pulling me around by the legs so they were hanging off the side. 

Tori stood in front of me and unbuttoned my jeans, peeling them off my legs slowly, matter-of-factly. She kept smirking as I looked down at her. She knew she was teasing me. She pulled off my canvas shoes, then my jeans, leaving me with only one article of clothing remaining, the only piece of lingerie I owned, a frilly, black thong. Gabby bought it for me months ago, there was a buy one get one free sale at Victoria's Secret. She convinced me to wear it for the first time tonight, in case something like this were to happen. I mentally thanked her as Tori seemed to be impressed. 

"Black lace. Nice. I always liked the feel of lace." She remarked. Slowly, she ran her hand up my legs. I shivered at the touch. Tori ran a finger across the front of the thong, making my hips buck. 

"Please... stop teasing... I need you to..." I begged. Tori stopped touching and smirked. 

"What do you need me to do?" I felt my face flush. She wanted me to tell her what I wanted. 

"I need you to touch me, Tori." She chuckled. 

"Where do you want me to touch you?"

I have never had to use these words, so it embarrassed me to say them. I didn't want to sound crass, but I knew that if I wanted her to go further, I had to.

"I.. I want you to touch my... my pussy. Please, Tori." The words sounded more cringe worthy than I thought, but they needed to come out. In a way, I liked telling her what I wanted her to do. She knealt down on the floor, in between my legs, and swiftly slid my panties off my legs. Her hands wandered up my legs and inner thighs. My breaths became ragged as she got closer to my core. Finally, she ran two fingers up my pussy, from the bottom to the top, then back down. I moaned loudly at the first contact.

"Mmm.. Viv, you are really wet." She said seductively, looking up at me. I felt a shiver go up my spine. She traced the same path again, several more times, stopping to circle my swollen, sensitive clitoris. Another current ran up and down my body. Around the fifth or sixth time, Tori stopped. 

"I am going to do something new. You're going to love it." 

Before I had time to process what she was saying, I felt something odd. Looking down once more, I realized that Tori's mouth was covering my pussy. I felt her tongue stroke my clit slowly in circles, causing the pulsing feeling to come back. As she circled, it got more and more intense.

"Don't stop, oh God." I loudly moaned. She brought one hand up to cover my mouth. I felt two fingers from her other hand enter me around the same time, further intensifying the feeling. She curled her fingers in order to hit a spot that felt especially good, pumping them in and out at rocket speed. She continued licking at the same tempo as I felt myself come closer to release. 

My body began to tense up, I was overwhelmed with pleasure. I needed release, and soon. It took tonight to realize how much sexual tension I have built up in the past few years. Tori seemed to recognize this. After making eye contact with me, she sucked and gently bit down on my clit at the same time. I cried out, muffled by her hand. Her other hand continued to piston in and out of me and her mouth stayed on my clit as I rode out the waves of my orgasm. 

Toni climbed back on the bed and laid next to me. After a few moments to catch both of our breaths, I smiled at Toni. She smiled back.

"See, I told you that it would be fun." I laughed, the rush if endorphins putting me at ease. 

"I will have to return the favor." I said, the idea of me giving that kind of pleasure seemed amazing in my mind. 

"Ah, but not tonight. Gabby is going to be looking for you soon, and I imagine you are worn out. I had a lot of fun." She responded, sitting up and putting her clothes back on. 

"But you will take a rain check, Tori?" I asked, hoping this would become a regular thing. 

"Of course, Vivian. Why wouldn't I?" She responded before walking to the door. 

"I am going to get back to the party. I'll text you later." With that, she left. 

God, I am so glad Gabby drug me to that party.