 IT had been drizzling rain all morning with the fog that inevitably follows. Dreadful fog really, as it cloaked the trees of the backyard and obscured the beauty of nature. There was always a bit of sorrow on a day such as this when one really only had thoughts to turn to, and whatever or whomever was at hand. Such a great reading room, with large glass panels acting as walls that opened directly onto the porch with a view of the grass at hand and the woods afar, but now it had only the obfuscation of dull mist; regardless, the light coming through was just perfect for reading by the window rather than farther in as on a sunny day. 

Michaela searched the bookshelf for something that was familiar, but never quite the same. Plenty of fictions could fall into a familiar category, but only those of superior authorship brought forth old feelings and new revelations. Pride and Prejudice called out from the shelf in a way only the middle mind could perceive, the middle mind being both conscious and yet subtle as to be unconscious. If a class of superior authorship did indeed exist Jane Austen would no doubt be one of the shining pillars, subtlety upon subtlety, with intrigue intertwined one felt as if she whispered a secret every time soon to be forgotten in the usual business of life.

As Michaela read she could not keep her mind at ease, the Cello in the far corner across from her plush seat seemed to stare at her, and she at it with a twinge of guilt. Growing up there hadn't been much emphasis on music; she had found a taste for classical during college and one night elected to pursue a deeper understanding. In the two years that followed she had become competent, but practice was always a necessity and this week she had been elsewhere. Austen could wait, she would at least tune and play a scale or two before the guilt became savage.

The C and A strings were both well out of tune, not much effort to correct but certainly an annoyance. Well tuned she plucked a few notes from a strange Italian composition she had found weeks before, the harmony was oddly satisfying and the lack of changing pitch assured her that the tuning had been successful. Bow in hand she drew it against the strings as her fingers found their notes, slowly she plied each note from the cello as if it were a delicate sculpture that required care and patience. Without quite realizing it she drifted into Bach's Cello Suite #3 and allowed it to take control of her, there were minor notes out of tune, but overall she was having a great performance of it until she had the strange sensation of slowly being held.

One arm slowly made its way down her right shoulder and over her bosom as another found its way from her left side to interweave fingers with the other over her midriff. As if on queue the familiar scent of raspberry shampoo accompanied the weight of a chin against the right side of her neck and a soft kiss along the line of her jaw. She continued her piece as she allowed the caress to take hold, and, finding a convenient place to stop she turned to meet her embrace's lips to her own and they found each other with ease.

"There's breakfast on the table, love." Heather whispered to her in the soft embrace.

"It'll still be there in a bit." Michaela whispered back, smiling from ear to ear and motioning to stand.

Michaela carefully set the cello leaning into a corner of the room and shifted over to the sound system. Carefully she perused her music collection until she found what she was after, a compilation of classical ballroom music. She set the CD in its tray and the room slowly came to life with the sound strings and woodwinds.

Heather approached her, extended her hand, and said, "May I have this dance?"

Michaela placed her slender fingers on Heathers hand which she grasped lightly and kissed while drawing her closer. They embraced into a ballroom stride, moving about the room with ease until the left pant leg of Michaela caught under her foot and caused her to stumble. Her sleepwear had always been too long but it still took her by surprise. 

"Not to worry my dear." She said to Heather as she stripped off her bottoms with grace, and continued the dance in panties.

The high and fast notes had passed now into the slow tempo known to lovers everywhere. Heather drew her in closer, and closer. Michaela could feel her breath on her cheek and moved closer still. A kiss, soft but sure of itself. The dancing turned to swaying as they held each other close; Michaela felt Heather's tongue, animated with the beauty of her lover, find its way between her lips to have a dance all its own. 

Barely moving they danced to the music, Michaela felt her heartbeat quicken every moment with the passion flowing into her. She wanted, no, she needed Heather now, there was nobody else in the world who could make her feel this way.

Heather knew this and slowly guided both of them to their knees on the soft carpet. She pushed forward, supporting Michaela as she gently lay down on the soft surface, never once breaking the kiss until Michaela moved to speak.

"Oh my," exclaimed Michaela, "looking up at you I feel to vulnerable...tell me Heather, what would you like to do to me?"

"Well, I thought I might do a little of this." Heather replied as she gently felt Michaela's pussy through her undies.

"And maybe, just a little bit of this." She said while slowly rubbing Michaela's clit through the thin fabric.

Slowly, gently Heather moved her hand up and down Michaela's crotch gently kneading her through the now soaking fabric. Michaela's breathing grew quick and slightly erratic as she felt every tiny motion, as her pleasure grew and the scent of her own sex reached her nose she began to moan softly. Heather knew her well and knew she was now right on the edge, but she didn't want her to go over just yet.

"Not yet love." She said as she slowly withdrew her hand and moved it up to Michaela's midriff. She gave her a kiss to compensate, "We can't have you going off so soon."

"Oh damnit Heather just let me cum!" Michaela begged her arms shooting towards her sex to finish the job, but Heather would have none of it, she pinned Michaela's arms down and whispered into her ear, "No hands, only tongue. Now, put your hands above your head and keep em there before I get the cuffs. Remember, I love you."

This brought a soft smile back to Michaela's face, she brought her hands above her head against all temptations and whispered "I love you too baby" while Heather slowly caressed her way down to Michaela's pussy. She slipped two fingers under each side of Michaela's panties as softly asked, "Forever and always?" and just as her lips met Michaela's sex Michaela answered, "Always and forever."

It was all the encouragement Heather needed as she parted Michaela's lips with her tongue and made sweet love to her sex. She felt her lover writhe as she hit all of her most sensitive spots, only just enough to keep her on edge until she felt her lover couldn't take anymore. She found her now engorged clit and bit down lightly while putting a finger deep into her sex, right on the g-spot. Almost immediately every passionate neuron in Michaela's brain fired off at once, she never had orgasms this powerful unless Heather teased her like today, every muscle contracted and her whole body shook as the fluids of her sex gushed out into Heather's mouth.

She was still cumming when Heather quickly slipped off her soaking wet boxers. She lifted Michaela's leg while her lover was just starting to crest over the pleasure and ground her their pussies together hard. Michaela was only half aware when the sudden shock of intense pleasure hit her hard, sending her straight into a second orgasm as Heather fingered her clit for added effect, leading to her first orgasm of the day, and with all the teasing without touching it was powerful in its own right. Heather collapsed onto Michaela just as she was getting her senses about her from her second orgasm.

"I burned the eggs a little" Heather said as she shoveled them from the pan to a plate.

"It's okay love, the toast was a little crispy too." Michaela replied as she munched on slightly burned toast.

Breakfast wasn't always so grand, but then again neither was an early morning fucking. They both felt revived from the morning's events knowing well that there were no plans for the day, and the cat's eye moon had been high in the sky last night. Heather felt its pull, subtle but everpresent; she was normally a hornball but the moon simply made the impulse unbearable. She had been nice in dominating Michaela, but before the end of the night she knew she needed to get screwed.

"So," started Michaela, "where haven't we fucked yet?"

Heather responded with a grin, "Well.... There was the floor in the study this morning, our bedroom of course, the kitchen table..."

The kitchen table, where they were eating right now. That kitchen table was the sight of a wonderful afternoon nearly a month before. Heather had given Michaela a sexy nightie for her birthday and for her part Michaela wanted to see just how much power she had over her hapless lover.

Heather was just about to shower with her dolphin when Michaela pulled her by the hand spun her around, giving her a great view of the sexy black lace nightie before she pushed a kiss and forced Heather to walk backwards, all the way to the kitchen table. Heather's towel fell right off on impact of lips and when she felt the polished wood on her bare ass she jumped for just a moment. Michaela broke the kiss with Heather leaning against the table; she sucked on Heather's right nipple, slowly and biting softly every few moments, while her hand found its way to Heather's taint and plunged a finger in the moist pink folds.

Michaela took a moment from Heather's breast to look down between the girl's legs; she saw just what she wanted, Heather's pussy was so wet it was dripping her juices onto the floor. "Looks like you're good and wet, now, bend over while I get ready..." Michaela softly whispered into Heather's ear. Heather turned around and bent herself over the table, since it came to about her mid hips she was able to lay her chest nearly flat on it. Michaela slipped off her lace panties and fingered Heather with one hand, set the blue double dildo down and fingered herself with the other until she was wet enough to accommodate it.

The bulb was large, but as aroused as she was it slipped in with ease, the ridges nudging against her clit. The Keigel exercises were a great benefit in this department, the muscles were strong enough now to hold the bulb in place with plenty of extra strength for the fun to come. 

There was an impulse, as soon as the bulb was in place, to stop with Heather and concentrate on her own pleasure, but she knew she would cum so much harder if Heather was cumming with her.

She withdrew her finger from Heather and just as the poor girl protested she felt the tip of the Tantus against her taint. Heather was no fool, she grabbed the edges of the table in anticipation. Slowly Michaela pushed the toy into Heather, giving her a few seconds to get used to it before pushing in further. She buried her toy to the hilt, Heather's plump booty rubbing against her clit along with the subtle ridges; Michaela took things further again and began to withdraw the toy just a couple of inches, all so that she could thrust it in again, right back into that sweet spot.

Heather could feel the toy deep inside her, filling her up and bottoming out against her cervix. The pleasure was intense, even without anything touching her clit. Michaela could feel it too, every little movement reminded her of the bulbous end inside of her and the ridges against her clit. As the pace picked up so did the moans and the breathing, things were going at a fast pace now but Michaela wanted more; she slowed down to reach between her legs and turn the small metal knob that controlled the vibrator, with no warning to Heather the toy came to life and sent her over the edge.

Screaming in ecstasy with Michaela resting almost entirely on top of her Heather shifted her hips back and forth. Michaela took the hint, even with the shock of the vibe, and started pumping Heather's ass hard, grabbing her waist with both hands to slam her lover back onto her cock. 

Heather came for a second time and Michaela for her first; Michaela collapsed on Heather and blinked out of conscious thought for a few moments, at some point she lost grip on the toy and the bulb fell out, pulling the shaft out of Heather and leaving it shaking on the now soaked carpet.

They got their wits about them within ten minutes and decided their next orgasms should be more sensual. Michaela took off her nightie as Heather crawled onto the table top; Michaela spread Heather's legs with the toy once again securely inside of her, and vibrating at its maximum setting. Keeping still with it shaking so hard was not easy, but once she pushed it into Heather it became much easier to bear. Heather used one hand to play with her clit while Michaela kissed her deeply, their tongues dancing in an erotic waltz. She pumped slow and soft, letting the vibrations slowly overtake them, until after a few blissful minutes they both felt the surge of pure joy overtake them. Their kiss never broke the entire time, and the toy stayed in place, keeping their orgasms rolling for what felt like an eternity.

Yeah, that table had seen a lot.