 I had been teaching university classes for about three years. I was lucky to be looking for the job at just the right time, it wouldn't have nearly so easy if not for issues among the faculty at the time. I never found out all the details except that the administration had to hire a decent sized group of teachers the year I started. Not only did it get me a job, but it also meant that as a younger woman I didn't stand out quite as much against the older men who still made up the majority of the staff.

One of the things I had learned in my relatively short time teaching was that, despite the ethical implications, it was hard not to be attracted to the occasional student. I was a little worried initially about what it said about me seeing as I had a good ten years on some of them, but it really wasn't such a big deal in some ways. It wasn't like I was actively seeking them out, I just happened to be surrounded by them on regular basis. I couldn't have been the first person to deal it and I reminded myself that as long as no one other than me ever knew then I would be fine.

My favorite this semester was a girl in my calculus class. She had to be eighteen or nineteen years old and her schoolgirl look caught my attention almost immediately. She always sat in the front row and took dedicated notes, making it easy for me to get several surreptitious glances at her over the course of a lecture. I went for guys most of the time but I wasn't concerned with fitting into a certain label. If I happened to be attracted to someone why did it matter what gender they were? I'd had a couple girlfriends who had been just as much fun to be with as any of my boyfriends.

She didn't seem to have any idea that I might be watching her. Much like me she tended to prefer wearing skirts, I don't think I ever saw her in anything else, and she wasn't all that careful about keeping her legs closed. I never really saw as far up skirt as I would have liked but I took what I could get. She also sometimes wore shirts that were a little bit loose at the front and fell away from her chest when she leaned over too far. The day I remembered best was when she wore a shirt with buttons up the front and spent a good part of the class idly toying with them. By the end of the hour she had the top three buttons undone which, while still not enough for me to actually see anything, was enough to set my imagination running wild.

I sometimes suspected she was doing it all on purpose, teasing me for her own unknown reasons. That was probably more wishful thinking on my part than anything concrete however. It wasn't until she came to talk to me after class one day that I decided I might actually be right. She waited until the rest of the students left to approach me while I was packing up the last of my things.

"Excuse me Miss?" she said.

"Yes, can I help you... Megan isn't it?" I asked, as if I didn't know.

A good three quarters of the students in the class were essentially nameless to me, but hers I knew.

"You can call me Maggie if you want, everyone else does."

"Okay Maggie," I nodded. "Something I can help with?"

"Well Miss, I was wondering if you had our assignments marked yet. I get a little anxious sometimes."

I wouldn't have last week's assignments ready until the next day, as per the tentative schedule I had set. I did however recall already marking Megan's and there really was no harm in telling her so.

"I'm sorry, I don't have them all finished yet," I apologized. "I seem to remember you did quite well though if it helps. You got an eighty-something I believe, eighty-four maybe."

"Well that's not bad," she said. "I could probably do better next time though, don't you think?"

"I'm sure you could if you work at it," I agreed.

I really had no idea what Megan was capable of academically. She seemed bright and her marks so far showed it, but I didn't have the faintest clue how much she studied or how long she worked on her assignments.

"The problem is," she continued thoughtfully, "there's so much going on, it's hard to concentrate on my work sometimes. I think what I need is something to really make me focus."

"I do have office hours if you would like some help," I suggested, unsure what she was getting at.

She shook her head slightly, "I was thinking more like an incentive, something to make me want to put the time in."

"Like what?"

"Not sure yet, but I'm thinking if I get a ninety on my next assignment then you would do something for me. Nothing that would get you in trouble or anything," she added as I frowned at her request.

"I don't think I can help you," I said regretfully, torn between curiosity and my growing suspicion that she was up to something.

"Well I think you can," she countered. "How 'bout we wait and see when we get there." She turned and started to leave the room, effectively ending our conversation. "See ya Miss," she called over her shoulder. "I'll wear a shorter skirt for you next class."

Her last comment before she vanished around the corner made me freeze for a second even though I was now alone. She had known all along that I was watching her, she was just toying with me. To what end I still had no idea.

****

Megan didn't talk to me again until a week later, again not waiting for the weekly assignments to be handed back. I felt like a nervous wreck having spent far, far too much time obsessing over her and what she could possibly want from me. Despite that I managed to hold everything together fairly well I thought, teaching wasn't something I would have gotten in to if I was easily rattled. I still wished I knew what she was after, it would make my life so much easier.

The most obvious possibility was that she was simply trying to get a better final grade out of me, though her scores were already good enough I didn't know why she would risk getting in trouble over it. A small part of me held out hope that maybe she was actually interested in me as I was in her. There was no reason it couldn't happen, even if it seemed unlikely.

As she had the previous week, Megan waited until everyone else had left before approaching me.

"Hello Miss," she greeted me cheerfully.

"Hello Maggie," I replied.

"How did I do this time?"

"You got ninety-eight percent," I said with a sigh.

The abrupt jump in score over her last assignment had confirmed for me that Megan was both playing some kind of game with me, and that she was probably far more clever than she let on. Certainly smart enough to be dangerous.

"See, I knew you could help," she said with a wide grin.

"So what do you want from me?" I asked guardedly.

I still had some control over the situation if I chose to exercise it, all I had to do was say no and that would be the end of it. I decided I may as well figure out what she wanted.

"Well, I got up a little bit late this morning Miss," Megan said. "Didn't remember to set my alarm, I barely made it to class on time. Since I was in such a hurry I didn't realize until it was too late that I forgot to put any panties on."

She let that sink in for a moment, watching my face carefully.

"I had to get all the way here and sit through the entire lecture worrying someone might see up my skirt," she continued. "It's very distracting."

It certainly was. I was having a hard time concentrating on anything other than Megan and what lay beneath her skirt.

It was all pretend of course, except for not having panties on. That I'm sure was a deliberate 'accident' on her part to help her gauge my reaction. I put on the best poker face I could under the circumstances but I still felt like she could read my mind as she studied me.

"Perhaps you should go change," I suggested.

"I could, and I thought about doing that. It's just that I'm worried I might not make it to my next class in time." She looked at me with an innocent, if completely fake, smile and I knew I was in trouble. "I know you care about your students and don't want us running around improperly dressed. Since I did so well on my assignment, I thought maybe you'd let me borrow your panties Miss."

"You want me to give you my panties?" I repeated.

"Just borrow them, I'd give them back when I get a chance," Megan promised.

I glanced toward the open doorway almost hoping someone would come in and break whatever hold my student had on me but no such luck. I was giving in to her, I could feel it, and despite knowing I really shouldn't I was giving serious consideration to her request. Megan, noting my movement, moved to the door and shut it.

"That's okay Miss, no one will see. Wouldn't want anything to happen to my favorite teacher after all."

With that comment I finally realized what she was doing; she was playing an unconventional version of daddy's little girl with me. Pretending innocence while focused on getting what she wanted, not working particularly hard to hide it either. I should have recognized it earlier since I was guilty of using that trick in the past myself.

I noted with detached interest that it seemed to work just as well even when I was aware what was going on. It might even have worked better. At least we were playing a familiar game now, one that I understood the rules to. It still didn't necessarily mean that Megan's intentions weren't malicious, but I was more willing to take that chance.

Her eyes shone as she watched me reach under my skirt and slowly pull down my panties. There was a brief second when I couldn't remember what I had put on that morning and hoped it wasn't anything embarrassing, but it turned out to be a simple pair of pink bikini-cut underwear.

"Thank you so much Miss," she said as I handed them over. "I knew I could count on you."

Megan stepped into my underwear without any hesitation and pulled them up her legs. Unlike me she didn't bother trying to keep herself covered and gathered her skirt up in her hands when she was finished.

"What do you think?" she asked. "They might be just a tiny bit big on me but I think they look pretty good."

I was at a loss for words as Megan held her skirt out of the way to give me a perfect view of her borrowed panties, even turning around to show me the back. They were indeed a little big for her and didn't pull quite as snug as they could have but that didn't stop me from enjoying the view. She let me look for far longer than necessary, waiting for my appraisal.

"They look good," I managed to say finally.

"Mm-hm, I thought you'd think so." Abruptly she let her skirt drop back into place and started walking away. "Anyway, have to go now. Don't want to be late for my next class."

I stared after her even when I could no longer see her until I realized that I hadn't moved. Shaking my head I gathered up my stuff and headed to my office to hopefully get some time alone. This girl was trouble, I could see that clearly, yet like a moth to a flame I still felt that irresistible attraction.

****

I held office hours more for show than anything. First year students wouldn't bother with them for the most part until after their first mid-term when they realized that they had no idea what they were doing. Which is not to say I didn't get the occasional student now and then, but mostly I used the time to catch up on other things. Despite the lack of attendance it really wasn't much of a surprise when Megan showed up one day.

"Hello Miss," she greeted me in her by now familiar cheerful tone.

"Hello," I nodded as I hastily dropped the book I'd been reading into one of the drawers on my desk that happened to be open. "What can I do for you?"

I vaguely recalled inviting her at some point but I was pretty sure that had nothing to do with why she was here.

"Oh, I just thought I should return the panties I borrowed," she said, smiling sweetly. "It was so nice of you to lend them to me it would be rude not give them back."

She shut the door behind her and dropped her bag on the floor before sitting down across from me. Scooting forward on the chair she reached under her skirt, only then clueing me in that she was actually wearing them again.

Being relatively new to the school's faculty I didn't have one of the best offices. It was down a little side-corridor that didn't get much traffic and while it had a window, it was small and at a level that no one could see through it from the outside without quite a lot of effort. Nevertheless I did glance instinctively toward the doorway before calming down. We actually had a significantly lower chance of anyone walking in on us here than we did at the classroom where I'd gone along with this last time.

Megan remained sitting as she slid my panties down her legs and off her feet in what looked like a fairly awkward maneuver. I swear I caught a flash of her pussy mid-way through but it was so brief I wasn't even sure. Then she stood up and handed me my underwear.

"Thank you," I said absently.

She continued watching me expectantly as I tried to decide what to do with an extra pair of panties. I was about to simply drop them in the drawer with my book but as I shifted my fingers slightly I realized why she was still looking at me. There was a noticeable damp spot right at the front, right where they would have made contact with her pussy as she wore them. More than damp actually, they were legitimately wet. I shivered involuntarily and closed my eyes for a second as the full impact of my discovery hit me. Did she masturbate in them before coming to see me?

"You okay Miss?" Megan asked, knowing full well the reason for my pause.

"Yes, I'm fine," I said.

She looked a little disappointed that I didn't react further and tilted her head curiously.

"You don't trust me, do you?" she said thoughtfully.

"I don't know if I can Meg- Maggie. I don't know what you want."

It was the first time she stepped outside the game she had created for us and I wasn't really sure how to take that. She chewed on her bottom lip for a moment as she considered the problem.

"Okay hang on, give me your cell phone for a second," she said all at once, her face lighting up again.

"What do you want it for?" I asked even as I handed it over.

"To give you my number," she replied as if it was obvious, which I guess it probably was. "Call me tonight sometime if you want. I've got an idea that might help convince you that I'm really not up to anything except just having some fun."

With that Megan set my phone down on my desk and picked up her bag. Even before she made it out the door I had picked it up was already looking at the new number she had entered.

****

Around eight that night I made the call. I didn't know what to expect, there was nothing I could think of Megan could do over the phone that she couldn't have done in my office.

"Hello?" she answered.

She sounded uncertain of who it was calling her and it took me a moment to remember that she didn't actually have my number so she wouldn't know for sure that it was me.

"Hi Maggie," I said.

Apparently she recognized my voice because her tone immediately became a little brighter.

"Oh, Miss. I didn't know if you were going to call," she said.

"Yes you did," I said, not really arguing so much as calling her on her pretense.

"Okay, so I was pretty sure you would. Ready for your surprise?"

"As ready as I'm going to be."

"You don't need to sound so wary Miss. Anyway, I'm sending you a picture, hold on a second."

I'm sure I must have looked completely stunned when I received the picture on my phone and saw what it was. Megan was standing in what looked like her bedroom taking her own picture with her phone in the mirror. She was topless but the phone was carefully blocking my view of one breast while her hand covered the other. It was exactly the same sort of picture that loads of girls seemed to post on the internet, but so very much more interesting to me.

At some point I realized that Megan had started talking to me again and I put my phone back to my ear.

"What do you think, does it make me any more legitimate?" she asked.

"It does somewhat I guess, it doesn't tell me what you want with me though. Surely you could find plenty of other people to send half-naked pictures to."

"You make it sound like I just picked you at random to start teasing. It's not like that Miss, I really like you. I've got another picture too, hold on."

I gave up and switched to speaker-phone, sensing that I might not want to keep moving between holding my phone to my ear and holding it where I could see it. It turned out to be a good choice.

This time she remained topless but didn't cover her chest at all. Her perfectly shaped breasts lay exposed before me, albeit in pixel form, and I felt my eyes glued to the small screen of my cell phone even more than with the last picture. I wondered if I transferred the picture to my laptop how big I could enlarge it without making it blurry.

"Did you get it Miss?" Megan's voice came through.

"Yes," I whispered, then repeated it loud enough that she could hear.

"I took those pictures just for you," she said. "I want you to be able to trust me."

It was an odd gesture, and yet... it was one I could believe. She had given me a half-naked picture of herself and trusted me with it, that had to mean something.

"Alright Maggie, I still think you're up to something but... I guess I don't think you're really planning on hurting me," I said.

"Close enough." A moment of silence passed before she spoke again. "So what are you doing now? Still looking at that picture?"

"Yes," I admitted. What the hell, she knew I was anyway.

"Doing anything else?" she hinted.

"Like what?"

"Like... right now I'm lying naked on my bed while I'm talking to you. I got kinda horny, I've been playing with myself for the past couple minutes."

I guessed that was her way of asking if I was masturbating. I wasn't, although I had been seriously considering it. Now I even had the mental image of Megan on the other end of the line to deal with.

"You want me to..." I asked faintly.

"I thought we both could together Miss, I've never done that before. Could be fun, don't you think?"

"Alright, just... just give me a minute."

I was sitting on my couch and debated moving into my bedroom for a second, but it didn't really make any difference. I quickly shed my outer layer of clothes, electing to keep my underwear on if only so I could pretend I had some control over what I was doing.

"Okay, I'm ready," I said, lying down across the length of the couch and setting my phone down next to my head so I could still hear Megan clearly. "So what now?"

"Whatever you want Miss, that's the whole point. Just make yourself feel good. Did you take your clothes off too?"

"Most of them."

"Are you still shy around me?" she giggled softly. "I can't even see you. What do you still have on?"

"My bra and panties."

"Hm, that's still pretty hot actually. My sexy teacher sitting around in her underwear while she's talking to me. Mmm, I've got a finger in my pussy right now," she said in a conspiratorial tone. "I've got my eyes closed and I'm pretending it's yours."

I already had one hand toying idly with one of my breasts, pinching my nipple softly through my bra. After Megan's admission I groaned and gave up trying to restrain myself, she clearly wasn't. My other hand slid rapidly down my body to the top of my panties and underneath them to caress my hungry pussy. I didn't know why I bothered leaving any clothing on, it was only getting in the way now.

"You're touching yourself now aren't you Miss," Megan said, probably going on the sound of my groan and the change in my breathing.

"Yes," I breathed.

"Thinking of me?"

"Yes."

"Good. I want you to take your bra off. You can leave your panties on if you want, get them nice and wet while you think about all the things you want to do with your student. I bet you have some interesting fantasies involving the two of us."
