 Vicki lived in a college town in the midwest. She had a beautiful, spacious home on a secluded, wooded lot. At forty-two, she was financially secure, and enjoyed a rather easy, pleasant life. 

Vicki had always been considered beautiful, with her blonde hair and her generous curves. But with maturity, she had only become more lovely, in the way that an elegant woman can, with her perfect clothes sense and knack for just the right accessories and accents. Her breasts and hips were full, and though she was not tall, she had presence. 

Every August, she placed an ad in newspapers in upscale suburbs for a girl attending the nearby college to share her home with her. Not every girl wanted to live in a dorm, with lots of drinking and craziness going on, and parents sometimes felt better about having their daughter staying with a mature, adult woman. Vicki especially liked freshman girls. In fact, she had a rule--not stated in the ad--that the girl must be living away from home for the first time. 

There was something so beautiful, so thrilling, about seeing a fresh, lovely, eighteen-year-old young woman arrive to come live in her house with her. She loved their lightness and brightness, the vitality and feminine presence they brought through the door with them. 

One year there had been Jennifer, who had loved for Vicki to go shopping with her. They "shopped til they dropped." Then, they would come back to Vicki's well-appointed home, and try on pretty things and show off for each other. Vicki always made sure to tell Jennifer how gorgeous, how sexy, how perfect she was. Many of Jennifer's friends her own age were snarky and competitive, but Vicki always made her feel like a princess in a fairy tale...a princess with a gold card! Late one afternoon, while modeling some gorgeous lacey underwear for each other, Vicki put on some nice, slow music. Then she walked slowly up to Jennifer, whom she had been building up and lavishing with affection for weeks, and tenderly took the girl with the long straight dark hair into her arms and began slow-dancing with her. Both wore just bra and panties, Vicki's light green, Jennifer's pure white.

"You're so pretty," Vicki had breathed against Jennifer's silky-smooth neck as she gently rocked together with her. Vicki's hands gently stroked the girl, as if she were a frisky colt in need of calming by the mare. She pulled her close and let her face come into contact with Jennifer's, cheek-to-cheek. She could feel the younger woman trembling in her arms as a little soft cry of pleasure escaped the beautiful teenager. Vicki let her soft lips graze Jennifer's cheek. Then she gazed calmly into the excited girl's eyes and very slowly moved in and kissed her. Still kissing the surrendering girl, Vicki let her hands roam over her perfect, willowy young body,

until her delicate hands rested on Jennifer's shoulders. She toyed with the strap of her bra, as she whispered, "Let's go to bed, sweety."

Jennifer had simply nodded her head adorably. Hand in hand, the two women had gone to Vicki's bedroom and made love. And they had made love every day for the rest of the school year. Vicki had had a letter from Jennifer just recently, in fact, saying that she was getting married next summer....to another woman. 

Vicki sighed happily at the memory. There had also been Shannon, Megan, and Wendy. Each girl had had different needs, but Vicki had been able to win each girl's heart, and of course, to make each of them her lover. 

And now, there would be Karen. A girl away from home for the first time. A girl whose mother had died when she was only eight years old. A beautiful, shy girl.

Finally the day arrived when Karen's father came and dropped her off, with all her things for college. Karen was wearing jeans, a red and white softball shirt and a blue baseball cap, with her curly brunette ponytail sticking out the back.

Vicki watched out the window for a moment, and was amazed to find that simply watching Karen's ponytail bounce, just admiring the soft curve of her breasts under her shirt, had made her begin to get moist between her legs. 

Gathering her wits, Vicki took a sweet, deep breath, smiled, and walked outside to greet Karen and her father. 

"Mr. Young," said Vicki politely, extending her delicate hand.

"Yes, we made it!" he said with a chuckle, taking Vicki's hand. Then they both turned to Karen, pride shining in her father's eyes. 

Vicki reached out and gave the beautiful young girl a quick warm hug and a dazzling smile. "I know you're going to feel right at home here, Karen," she said, looking warmly into the girl's eyes. Karen smiled and shyly looked down, then looked up again and didn't know what to say, bashfulness having gotten the best of her. Both females laughed.

"She'll love it here, Mr. Young," assured Vicki as she put an arm around Karen's shoulders and guided her toward the house. Mr. Young trailed behind with some bags, and Karen was also carrying a duffel in one hand. 

After twenty minutes, all the various bags, and tennis rackets and hats and stuffed toys had been transferred into Vicki's home, along with their beautiful young mistress. 

After Karen's father had left, Vicki offered to help Karen get squared away. She stood in the bedroom doorway, her fine hands folded in front of her, letting Karen see how beautiful she was, with her blonde hair contrasted against her dark green ribbed sweater, and her black slacks showing off her shape. 

She decided to try something. "No hats in the house!" she announced playfully, and walked over and carefully unsnapped the back of Karen's hat, to free her ponytail, and then tenderly took the cap off her head. 

Vicki smiled at Karen as she did this, and Karen just stood still and smiled shyly and said with a soft giggle, "Sorry! I'll try to learn the rules, Miss--"

Vicki waved her hand impatiently and said, "Call me Vicki, and the only rule is that you be happy here." She smoothed the girl's hair. "Well, I'll let you get settled." With a last reassuring smile, she turned and left the room.

As Karen unpacked and arranged her things, Vicki went to her room and, after locking the door, got into her silk robe and lay on the king-size bed to attend to her very wet pussy. Oh, she is so darling, Vicki thought to herself as she began working her clit. And she responded nicely to me mothering her...I know that's what a girl like Karen need, she thought, as her breathing grew quicker. Vicki's fingers were getting busier between her legs. She used both hands, one to finger herself, and the other to alternately stroke between her ass and her other hand, and to work her clit, which was rather large and was well out of its hood.

"The way her breasts move under that softball shirt, oh god," Vicki panted as she got close. Vicki pictured herself lifting the shirt over Karen's head, and gently reaching around her to remove her bra. When she imagined taking Karen's nipple between her lips, she began to climax strongly. "Oh god, oh Karen..."

The rest of the day and evening, Vicki tried her best to make Karen feel welcome and comfortable without crowding her. At bedtime, wearing a flannel nightgown, she padded softly to Karen's bedroom and looked in. Karen was in bed reading a rather large, heavy-looking book. She had on a huge white tee shirt, and she was wearing glasses.

"Mind of I come in?" asked the older woman softly.

Karen looked up and smiled. Taking her glasses off and laying them on the bedside table, she said, "Sure."

Vicki sat on the bed and asked her about the book, and whether Karen was nervous about starting classes in the morning. 

The young girl shrugged and smiled shyly and said softly, "Yeah...I guess I am, a little." She looked to Vicki and searched her face.

"I'll make you some tea to relax you," said the older woman comfidently. When she returned with the steaming mug, she held it out to Karen, encouraging her to drink. Vicki fed the young woman the first sip, then gave her the warm mug to hold. They talked and got to know each other more, until Karen finished her tea. 

"That was really good. Thanks, Vicki," she said as Vicki took the empty mug to put away. 

"All right, to bed with you, young lady," said Vicki as she arranged Karen's bedding and softly stroked her dark hair. "Sweet dreams," she said, and turned out the light. Then she went to the door. Vicki paused there and looked back a moment. Karen could see the lovely older woman silhouetted in the bedroom doorway. It made her feel safe and warm as she closed her eyes. Then Vicki turned and went to her room, smiling.

Over the next couple of weeks, the two got along famously. They talked all the time and Karen told Vicki all her dreams and hopes. Vicki never missed a chance to make Karen feel warm and secure, and, subtly, almost imperceptibly, to woo her, to court her. Vicki found every opportunity she could to touch Karen, to hug her, to give her little kisses. She also complimented her regularly. Karen soon grew used to being under Vicki's wing.

Then one night Karen had a date with a boy. Vicki privately thought that Karen being with a boy was a criminal waste, that surely no male deserved such a gem of a young girl. But she only said, "Be careful, Honey, and I'll be here when you get home."

Later that evening, Vicki was watching a program on television when she heard a car outside. She got up and looked, and saw a taxi bringing Karen home. The poor girl was in tears, and to make it all worse, it had begun storming, and she got soaked just getting to the door.

"What happened?" asked Vicki in alarm. "C'mon, let's get you out of these wet things, sweety, and you can tell me all about it." She guided the girl to her own room and undressed her and gave her a big white terry robe to wear. Then she cuddled her on her bed, holding the upset girl to her breasts and stroking her head as she spilled out her story about the pushy, rough, cement-head boy who had gotten angry when she wouldn't give in to him, and had left her to find her own way home.

"It's all right, shhh, you're with me now," cooed Vicki, as Karen held on tight to her. Karen's crying soon stopped, and she just lay with Vicki being comforted at her breast. "You know, when I was younger," Vicki began, "sometimes my Mom would let me pretend that I was her little baby girl again." She kissed Karen's head and continued. Her breasts rose and fell with her gentle breathing as she held Karen. "If I was upset or scared, she would tell me to pretend I was her baby girl again, and she would let me be at her breast. She would let me suck on her nipples just like a newborn girl. It was so comforting."

"Really?" asked Karen softly. "That sounds so nice."

"Would you like to do that with me, Karen honey? Do you want me to be your Mommy?" Vicki gently lifted the girl's head and opened her robe just enough to reveal her creamy round breast, her nipple standing nicely at attention. She cupped it and offered it to the teenage girl in bed with her. When Karen just stared, transfixed, at her nipple, Vicki took her other hand and put it behind Karen's head and guided the girl to her breast.

With an adorable cry of pleasure and surrender, Karen took Vicki's nipple into her mouth and began sucking on it. Vicki gasped in pleasure and tilted her head back, her blonde hair falling against the pillow that was propped behind her back. "Oh yesss," purred Vicki in ecstasy. "Oh yesss, Karen, my baby girl, suck Mommy's sweet breast. You're such a good girl, such a perfect girl, ohhh yessss."

Karen's cheeks hollowed as she sucked hungrily at the older woman's breast. She was making little sounds of helpless pleasure.

"Does that feel good, honey?"

Karen simply moaned with total pleasure and kept sucking. 

Vicki laughed gently and told Karen, "Don't forget the other one...go ahead, sweetheart, open Mommy's robe and get what you want." Karen could hardly undress Vicki fast enough, she was so eager for her other breast.

"Ohh, you're making Mommy feel sooo good!" Soon Vicki had to masturbate herself as Karen sucked her nipples. Karen soon felt Vicki orgasming beneath her as she suckled. It was so beautiful to be nursed by a loving woman who is having an orgasm. Karen was delirious with pleasure now.

"Mommy, rub me! Rub me like you did yourself, please. Please?" The girl's begging was sweet music to Vicki's ears and she quickly slipped her hand between Karen's smooth thighs, to her patch of feminine fur. She stroked the nursing girl's slit, then slipped two fingers inside of her, and began fucking her as she continued to take emotional nourishment at Vicki's breast. Soon the suckling girl was orgasming in Vicki's bed, the first of many, many climaxes she would have there. 

Vicki gently rolled the limp, afterglow-weakened girl over onto her back. She straddled her so that her wet, open cunt was near the teenaged girl's sweet face. She began playing with herself in front of her. The girl was clearly fascinated with what she saw.

"Masturbate, sweety," Vicki commanded. "Masturbate for Mommy." Soon both women had their graceful hands busy between their own legs.

The excited girl panted, "Your clit is so big! That's so sexy!"

Vicki was pleased. Most of her girls loved her oversized clit. "Taste it," she urged, and moved up onto Karen's face. The masturbating girl took Vicki's clit in her lipsas the older woman's wetness coated her pretty face. She had never eaten pussy before, and knew instantly that she would want this for the rest of her life. Vicki rode her face for a long time, trying to make it last and last. In fact, Karen masturbated herself to two orgasms before Vicki finally rewarded the perfect teenager by filling her talented, girlish mouth with girl-cum. 

Afterwards, Vicki lay atop the dark-haired girl, stroking and lightly kissing her.

"Mommy," whispered Karen, loving the word.

"Yes, Karen. I'm here."

The girl sighed with deep contentment. "Mommy?"

"Hmmm?"

"Would you fuck me? With your clit?"

Vicki ws used to her girls requesting this from her, and so she slid herself between Karen's eagerly spread legs, and began moving against her. She reached down to spread Karen and position herself perfectly on her. 

"Oh god, yes!" shouted Karen, reacting instantly. "Oh fuck me, yesss! Girl-fuck me! Pleeeease!" She was thrashing and tossing her head from side to side, raking her hands down Vicki's smooth back to her rounded ass. She held Vicki's cheeks as Vicki moved on top of her. Then Vicki whispered in Karen's ear in her silken-smooth womaly voice. 

"Karen, mmmm. Do you know," she teased, as she humped the willing youn girl, "that the clitoris is the most sensitive part of a woman's body...? And that ours are touching? touching each other....so...intimately?"

"I think," Karen panted, her voice ragged with pure female lust, "I think....you're inside me, Vicki! Insi....OOOOHHHHHHHHHAGHHHHHH!!!!" Karen climaxed more strongly than any girl Vicki had ever taken. Mouth-to-mouth, breasts-to-breasts, pussy-to-pussy, the two women became one in a sweet avalanche of pure sensual pleasure. 

Later, as they snuggled in each other's arms, Vicki gathered her pretty young girlfriend in her arms, and said, "Do you understand, Karen honey, that being with a woman isn't at all like being with a man? With a man," she continued, fondling the soft fullness of Karen's breast, which fit perfectly in her hand, "it's all over in ten minutes. Then," she said in a mock-pitying voice, "they just shrivel up. But another woman's body is so different." She stroked Karen's mound. "A woman can make love to you all night long, sweety."

Karen groaned out loud and wrapped her arms tightly around Vicki, kissing her hotly.

"What's Mommy going to do with her girl?" asked Vicki happily.

"Oh, fuck her again!" begged Karen. And so the two became one again...and again...and...again!

Near dawn, Vicki gazed lovingly at Karen as the deeply-satisfied young lady lay on her stomach, dozing. She planted a reverent kiss on Karen's perfect ass cheek, and amazed herself by begging, "Stay with me forever." Her delicate fingers traced between Karen's legs. Her tears fell from her cheeks to Karen's. 

But the eighteen-year-old had fallen fast asleep, dreaming blissful dreams about a beautiful blonde angel.