 The author grants rights for this story to be distributed freely without the need for any financial or other form of reimbursement. However please notify the author when posting to other sites and retain this section along with the authors email address with the story.

Please contact me with any comments, all of which are gratefully received.

Mountain Air

My name is Hailey; I'm an ordinary girl, working in an office as a finance administrator, living at home with my parents because I'm single and can't afford a place on my own - quite boring really! I'm quite attractive I think, at 26 years old, 5'8", long black hair, and a slim but curvy body. I make an effort to keep in shape, going to the gym twice a week. Unfortunately all my efforts seem only to have attracted the wrong type of man so far! Indeed I broke up with my last boyfriend only 2 weeks ago after I caught him with another girl. I was devastated, we had been together for 6 months and I thought I had finally found the one, but it turns out he had been cheating on me all the time. I was distraught when I found out; I couldn't believe I had been so stupid in allowing him to use me. Fortunately my best friend Hazel was there for me to lean on, and to comfort me. She persuaded me that we needed a break, having broken up with her last boyfriend a few months ago; we decided a man free extended holiday was required. With neither of us having much interest in lazing on a beach, we decided on a camping holiday touring around Scotland.

So here I am sitting in the Wrangler Jeep we hired for our month long adventure in the Highlands. The Jeep is a bit clunky and basic, but that big American engine rumbling under the bonnet is sexy as hell, and the canvas top gives it bags of fun factor – exactly what we needed for our trip. We are heading for a place called Glen Etive. A friend told us about it, apparently is a very quiet valley where you can camp along the river bank free of charge. The downside is there are no facilities, not even a toilet, but the upside of course is the solitude we'll be free to do what we like! The beginning of our adventure we hope.

We turned into Glen Etive at around 2pm, this has to be one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen, the scale of the landscape is awe inspiring. After driving the full length of the single track road that was little more than some asphalt poured along the edge of the river, we decided on a secluded spot away from view of the road. It was idyllic with a small water fall cascading into a crystal clear pool right in front of where we intended to pitch our tent. 

The only problem with all that running water, combined with having been on a long drive, was I was now feeling the call of nature rapidly building in my bladder.

"I have to pee before we do anything else H" I said.

"Me too" replied Hazel "That rocky corner over there looks like a good spot, not visible from the road and far enough from our campsite."

"I've never actually peed outdoors before u know" I said.

"There's nothing too it, just pull your knickers down, squat, and let go" Hazel said with a wry smile. "Just do what I do"

Hazel unceremoniously undid her trousers and pulled them down along with her knickers. Squatting down over the bare rock "like this" she said.

I looked around and sighed, well this is what I was here for I figured. I copied Hazels action and squatted down a few paces away from her. By the time I was in position there was a steaming stream splashing down between Hazels legs. The whole situation seemed a little surreal to me and Hazel was almost finished by the time I finally relaxed enough to let go. I felt exposed and somehow a little naughty, like a little girl doing something she shouldn't. Watching Hazel pull her knickers back up into place I felt an unexpected jolt of arousal – where did that come from? I had seen Hazel naked before and it had never affected me like that, it must be something to do with this sense of naughtiness and the slight humiliation of relieving myself in front of my friend. I hoped I wasn't turning into a lesbian, my life was complicated enough.

We put the tent up and cooked some pasta on a little gas stove before lighting a small camp fire to keep the midges away. We lay on blankets reading in the glow of the camp fire until around 11pm. Then we retired to our sleeping bags in the tent, after reliving ourselves again in our new natural latrine.

We both fell asleep almost as soon as our heads hit our pillows. I woke early, around 5am, and felt a familiar tingling sensation. Had I been lying next to my boy friend that feeling would generally have resulted in some satisfying morning sex, or more recently some self relief. With Hazel there though I was stuck, I'd have to do with out relief for now and hoped perhaps I would get an opportunity at some point in the next few days. 

By now Hazel was awake too and lying on her back staring at the roof of the tent. After a while she turned her head towards me. "H, do you ever, you know relive yourself when you don't have a suitable man around?" She said quite openly, while looking straight at me.

I didn't know where to look, knowing exactly what she was talking about having just been thinking about it myself. I could feel my face going red and just replied "what do you mean" rather stupidly.

"I mean do you masturbate, like you don't know what I mean!"

"Do you?" I said, turning question back on her so as to avoid answering it myself.

She looked slightly annoyed at my avoidance tactics, but answered anyway. "Of course, every day usually, how often do you do it?"

"3 or 4 times a week I guess" I replied before realising I had also just answered her first question.

"Well I don't know about you, but there is no way I'm going to survive this month with out some regular relief. I don't see the point in hiding it, especially if we are both in the same situation. We might as well be open about it, and get over any embarrassment. What do you say?"

"What are you suggesting, we give each other personal time in the tent to relive ourselves?" I said nervously.

"I was thinking more along the lines of if we feel the need we just go for it regardless of whether the other one of us is around or not, if that makes sense?"

"I'm not sure I can" I said.

"Of course u can, I'm doing it right now!"

"Your what?!"

"My left hand is massaging my right breast and tweaking the nipple, while my right hand is rubbing slow circles over my clit. Why don't you try it?"

"Oh my god! Hazel!" I said.

"You ever seen another woman have an orgasm?"

"No!" I said indignantly.

"Stop being such a prude" Hazel said "just relax and open your mind a bit, there is nothing wrong with it, it's all perfectly natural. Besides, I can see your hand moving under your sleeping bag and you're starting to breathe heavier so I know what your doing!"

It was only then that I realised my right hand had made its way down and into my knickers of its own accord and was now rubbing my pussy quite vigorously!

"mmm" Hazel moaned "I'm getting close, I'm going to stop talking now, you can do what you like, I'm going to bring myself off so I can concentrate on the day ahead."

My pussy was starting to moisten by now and my breasts were crying out to be fondled, so I gave in and decided just to go with it. I lay on my back and spread my legs as much as I could within the confines of my sleeping bag, lifted my t-shirt and massaged my breasts while increasing the pace of my right hand rubbing my pussy.

By now Hazel was breathing heavily and moaning quietly. I was pretty sure I could here some distinctive squishing sound coming from her sleeping bag.

"Ok time to dig in and go for the G spot" said Hazel breathlessly. "oh yeah, oh oh oh, oh god, Hailey u watching? I'm gona oh oh, cum, ooooohhhhh yeahhh"

Hazel tensed and then shook violently for atleast 30 seconds, then lay back and got her breath back before turning towards me. "Oh yeah, I needed that. Did you see me?"

"Yes" I said "It was beautiful!"

"God I haven't come like that since I tried pushing my vibrator up my ass a couple of weeks ago" 

"You what!" I said, now quite breathlessly.

"Have you ever tried anal?"

"No!" I tried to sound shocked, but the truth was that in my current state the thought of doing something so dirty simply helped drive me over the edge.

"You should try it, you have to be gentle, but if you can relax and let go it can be exquisite." 

I wasn't listening, my back was arched and I strained against the material of my sleeping bag as one of the most powerful orgasms of my life exploded through my body. To my surprise, a large volume of juice pulsed out of my spasming pussy, soaking through my knickers and into my sleeping bag. 

"Wow, that looked nice!" said Hazel.

I didn't answer I was in another place!

More to come….

Send me an email with your thoughts if you want to hear more!