 DISCLAIMER: No, this story is not real. Hell, it might not even sound realistic. The people are real (although the names have been changed), but that's about it. I'm not big on build-up or character development, so if that's what you're looking for, prepare to be disappointed. I hope you enjoy it, but if you don't I probably won't lose any sleep over it...

***************************

Shannon was a gorgeous, twenty-five-year-old redhead with a very sexy body. She worked out six days a week and was a very well-disciplined eater. As a result she had a great pair of toned legs, a sexy bubble-butt and a tight, trim waist. Her C-cup breasts were nice and firm and she kept her pussy completely waxed, something that her boyfriend quickly learned to appreciate. She was very much in love with her boyfriend and they talked regularly about moving in together and getting married, even though they had only been seeing each other for a few months.

Shannon was relatively new in town, so she didn't have too many friends. Over the past couple of months she had been getting closer to one of her coworkers, Linda. Linda was a couple of years younger than Shannon and lived at home with her parents, just like Shannon. She was a beautiful blonde with healthy curves, her body certainly not as tight and toned as Shannon's, but in no way was it less sexy. She had fairly large D-cup breasts and wide, womanly hips. She, too, had a boyfriend, although she wasn't nearly as serious about him as Shannon was about her man.

Linda's parents were going to be out of town for several days. While she would normally invite her boyfriend over so they could take advantage of having the house to themselves, he was out of town as well at a cousin's wedding. After talking to Shannon, they decided to get together on the Friday night for a girls' night. The plan was to stay up late watching movies and gossiping, with Shannon spending the night.

After watching the first movie they had rented, they started talking about their boyfriends, and also about their sex lives.

"Chris is actually really good in bed," Shannon said. "I have an orgasm almost every time."

"Really?" Linda said. "I'm lucky if Ian can make me cum half the time. What does Chris do that works so well?"

"For starters, he's well hung," Shannon explained. "I always used to believe that size didn't matter, but when we made love the first time I found out how wrong I was."

"I know what you mean," Linda said. "My last boyfriend had a really big dick and it was amazing."

"It's not just the size, though," Shannon replied. "He knows how to use it too. You know how most girls say that missionary doesn't give them enough clitoral stimulation? I don't know if it's the angle or what, but he always manages to rub my clit just right."

"You lucky bitch," Linda said with a smile.

"Don't get me wrong, he's not perfect."

"Oh really? How so?"

"I wish he would go down on me more often," Shannon admitted. "I love oral sex so much. I love giving it to him, and I do that at least three or four times a week, but he hardly ever returns the favour."

"Really? I don't enjoy it when Ian goes down on me."

"Maybe he's just not that good at it," Shannon said.

"Maybe," Linda replied. "I guess you can't expect a guy to know exactly how to go down on a woman."

"Yeah, I always wondered what it would be like to have a woman go down on me."

"Hasn't every woman?" Linda said with a light chuckle. "I'm sure a woman would be much better at it."

"Nothing beats a hard cock, though," Shannon added.

"I don't know, I'd seriously think about giving up guys if I found a woman that was good at eating pussy. Besides, there's always strap-ons!" Both girls laughed at Linda's comment.

"Have you ever fooled around with a girl?" Shannon asked.

"No," Linda replied. "Have you?"

"Once," Shannon said.

"Really? What did you do?"

"We just kissed a little bit and touched each other."

"What was it like?" Linda asked.

"It was actually really sexy," Shannon replied. "It just felt so erotic and taboo." The room fell silent for a moment, then Linda leaned in and kissed Shannon. Shannon said nothing, choosing instead to return the kiss. Linda stopped for a moment, pulled back, and quickly peeled her shirt off. Her breasts were encased in a simple white bra, and Shannon watched as she now pulled off her pants as well, revealing the matching thong. Shannon reached out and started to gently caress Linda's breasts.

"You're right," Linda said. "This does feel taboo." With that comment she unhooked her bra and pulled it off, revealing her large breasts. Shannon leaned down to start kissing and sucking them as Linda started to run her hands over Shannon's chest as well. "I wonder what Chris and Ian would think," Linda said. She did her best to grope Shannon as she felt her lips on her breasts. Shannon then began to rub Linda's pussy through her thong, making her moan. "See, who needs a cock?" Linda said with a smile. Shannon pulled Linda's thong aside and started to lightly finger her pussy. She stopped to pull Linda's thong off completely, leaving Linda completely naked while she was still fully clothed. "That feels so good," Linda gasped as Shannon continued to finger her pussy. Shannon stopped to take off her shirt, exposing her perky tits, unencumbered by a bra, then she went back to fingering Linda's pussy. She stopped again a minute later to pull of her pants, revealing the fact that she hadn't worn panties either. Linda pushed her back on the couch, then bent down and began kissing all around her inner thighs and stomach. Over the course of the next few minutes she grew bolder until she finally started to lick gently at Shannon's pussy.

The house was dead silent for the next several minutes with the exception, of course, of the moans coming from both women. Shannon was moaning the most, but Linda was clearly enjoying herself as well. She started to use her fingers as well, doing the same things to Shannon that she knew she would like to have done to her.

"Damn girl!" Shannon said. "You're fucking good with your tongue!"

"Better than Chris's big dick?" Linda asked.

"No comment," Shannon said, laughing. A couple of minutes later she was holding onto Linda's head and pulling her in, grinding her pussy against her face. "I'm so fucking wet for you!" she said. "That feels incredible!" Her orgasm was fast approaching as Linda showed off her newly-discovered skill. "Fuck!" Shannon screamed. "Oh shit yes! I'm fucking cumming! I'm cumming all over your face!" She finished cumming, then Linda sat back and spread her legs.

"I ate your pussy," she said. "Now it's your turn to eat mine." Shannon got into it quite quickly, eagerly lapping at Linda's soaking wet pussy.

"I can't believe we're doing this!" Shannon said. "It feels so right!" For nearly twenty minutes the house echoed with Linda's cries as her pussy got fingered and eaten. Eventually she came as well, shouting loudly.

"Let's go up to my room," Linda said after her orgasm had subsided. Both girls got up and walked up the stairs and into Linda's room. Linda led Shannon onto the bed that she had lost her virginity on at age eighteen, and had been fucked on by at least ten other guys since, including her current boyfriend. Their lips locked in a passionate embrace, each of them tasting their own juices off the other's face. They pressed their bodies against each other, almost as though they were both trying to merge with the other.

"This feels so amazing!" Linda said. "You're so fucking gorgeous!"

"I love every inch of your sexy body," Shannon said.

"I can't believe how wet I am! This feels so dirty!"

"Let me see how wet you are. I want to taste that pussy again."

Linda pushed Shannon onto her back and then turned to straddle her face. She leaned forward and buried her head between Shannon's legs as both girls started to eat each other out in a sixty-nine position. They both moaned in ecstasy as they ate each other to another orgasm, pussy juices coating each other's face.

"I want to feel this hot little pussy against mine," Shannon said. They positioned themselves so their legs were intertwined and moved close to each other, then they began to slowly grind their pussies into each other.

"We're both so wet!" Linda said, noting the sloppy sound of their soaking pussies rubbing together. The got more and more turned on, grinding their pussies together harder with each passing minute. They each came quite quickly, less than a minute apart, but they continued to grind into each other. "That feels fucking amazing!" Linda moaned. "My pussy is tingling so much!" A couple of minutes later they both came again, this time only twenty or thirty seconds apart.

"I've never cum this hard before in my life!" Shannon said. It was only a matter of minutes before they each had a massive orgasm, topping all of the previous ones and cumming at exactly the same time. They both collapsed in post-orgasmic bliss, gasping for air for a solid couple of minutes before finally snuggling up face-to-face.

"I think," Shannon said, brushing her fingers through Linda's hair, "that we should make a trip to the store. A strap-on would definitely be a lot of fun to experiment with."

"Maybe the boys would like to join us," Linda said.

"I'm sure they would," Shannon replied, "but I'd rather keep you all to myself." They smiled briefly before kissing passionately once again...