 The second I found out that Chloe was coming over for a sleepover with my sister, Natalie, I immediately started to plan. Chloe has always been the object of my affection. She is unbelievably beautiful. She's been my sister's best friend for over 13 years. I wanted to tag along on everything she did with Natalie. She was always accepting and she never put me down.

I was in the middle of slipping on my denim skirt when the doorbell rang. I looked out off of the catwalk and saw it was Chloe. Natalie ran past me and down the stairs and opened the door. I began my descent down the stairs and ran my hands through my hair. "Hey Chloe." I smiled and waved. 

"Hey Bailey." She smiled and I continued walking to the kitchen. I heard them talking and a minute later they were running up the stairs to Natalie's room. I sat down in the family room and I could hear their giggling on their way up the stairs. I felt someone's eyes on me and I looked up to see Chloe looking down at me. Her eyes were trained on my chest so she didn't see me look up. I readjusted my tank top to show more cleavage while my eyes were on the TV. 

"Chloe!" Natalie yelled. 

"Coming!" She replied and I met her eyes. 

I gave her a small smirk. She didn't say anything but she smiled. She turned and walked away. I got up and walked up the stairs to my room. I looked over at Natalie's door. "Until next time." 

~~~~ 

I was sitting on my bed reading when a knock came at my door. "Yes?" I answered and the door opened to reveal my sister. 

"Hey, do you want to watch a movie with me and Chloe?" She walked into my room and stood in front of me. 

"What movie is it?" I pretend to say uninterested but on the inside I'm exploding with joy. 

"We're going to watch Sleepless in Seattle, your favorite." I wonder who picked it. 

"I'll be down as soon as I change." I closed my book and Natalie left the room. I got up and pulled out one of my old green flannels and put it down on my bed. I quickly disrobed and stared at my underwear drawer. I picked out these white lace panties and a matching white bra. I slipped on the flannel and began to do my hair. I put it up in a messy bun and took a deep breath and walked downstairs. 

"Just like you to take forever to do anything." Natalie rolled her eyes. 

"Be nice Nat," Chloe scolded her and gave me a smile. "We weren't going to start without you. I know how much you love this movie." 

"Thanks Chloe." I smiled back and Natalie pressed play. I snuggled into my blanket and focused in on the movie.

~~~

20 minutes in I got up and announced that I was getting a drink. They both nodded and I went into the kitchen. I had my head in the fridge looking for a soda when Chloe spoke up from behind me. "What are you looking for?"

"I'm looking for a coke but I can't find it for the life of me." I took my head out of the fridge. 

"Here I'll find it for you." She stuck her head in and I studied her backside. "Here you go." 

She handed me the coke. "Thanks so much." I thanked her and opened the coke

"No problem" The coke exploded on me and I screamed. I looked down at my shirt and it was drenched. "Oh my god I am so sorry!" 

"It wasn't you fault. It was probably rolling around in there." I shook my hand and coke dripped off of them. 

"What the hell happened?" Natalie surveyed the mess. I turned around and she began to laugh. "You look stupid!" 

"Thanks for the support Natalie." I rolled my eyes. 

"I'll help you change; I feel like I caused this some how." Chloe gave me a crooked smile and I felt my center moisten. 

"Whatever, I'm going to keep watching the movie." Natalie walked away and I lead the way to my room. 

Chloe sat down on my bed and I went to my dresser and pulled out my drawer of bigger shirts. I was nervous to change in front of Chloe and I slowly unbuttoned my flannel. I was still facing Chloe but I wasn't looking at her. I was too busy looking at my toes and I shrugged the flannel off my shoulders. I turned to the dresser and grabbed the shirt. When I turned back Chloe was a few feet away from me and I dropped the shirt.

"These are cute." Her fingers grazed the hem of my underwear and my stomach. When I looked at her she was busy looking at my panties. 

"Oh thanks," I was blushing hard. This is everything I've ever wanted and now that it's happening I'm freezing up. 

"Were you giving me a striptease?" She said suddenly after a moment of studying my panties. 

"Wwhat?" I was taken aback for a moment. 

"Were you?" Chloe pressed on and her arms wrapped around my waist. "I know you have a crush on me. I was passing by your room once and your door was open. I was tempted and I came in and I found your letter to me on your desk." 

"You've known all this time?" I wrote that letter two years ago and it was quite the erotic letter. I was telling her all the things I wanted to do to her and how I wanted to be with her. 

"I've been trying to flirt with you but it's a little tough with your sister around all the time." Chloe's face was so close to mine. "Bailey, I've got to say you are an amazing writer because that letter made me wet." 

"Thank you." I whispered. Chloe was millimeters from me and nudged my nose with hers. I giggled and that's when she kissed me. This is the moment I've been waiting for and it was so perfect. Her lips were impeccably soft but it was a firm kiss. My hands drifted from her neck to her blonde hair. My fingers knotted at the ends and I heard her moan. 

"Wait, wait." Chloe stopped me. "I can't do this." 

"Oh," I felt myself deflate. I stepped back and picked up the fallen shirt and slipped it on. "I'm so sorry." 

Chloe walked to the door and closed it. "I can't do this with the door open. Now come here." I smiled as she grabbed the shirt and pulled it over my head. She pulled me onto the bed and we began to kiss again. I was straddling her when I sat up and looked at her. "What's wrong?" 

"I just want to appreciate you and this moment." I smiled down at her. "I've had a crush on you since I knew what liking someone was. It's nice to know you like me too." 

Chloe sat up also and I was sitting in her lap. "Bailey, you are gorgeous and anyone who is lucky enough to be with you should worship you. So that is exactly what I'm going to do." A smile spread across my face and I pressed my lips to hers. 

After a few moments of kissing Chloe rolled me over and pinned my wrists to the bed. "Mmm look at you in this outfit. You look so sexy in white. It's like you're a virgin." She chuckled. 

"Well actually..." I trailed off and bit my lip. 

"Oh my god you are!" She gasped and moved off of me. 

"Chloe, I trust you. I know you won't hurt me." I said quietly. 

"Oh baby I won't. I promise you I won't hurt you." She kissed me lightly. As we kissed she slipped her hand down my panties. Her other hand caressed my hair and she broke away from me. I looked at her as her fingers brushed by my clit. I shivered and nuzzled her hand. "Have you ever put a finger in?" 

I shook my head. "I've only rubbed my clit." I said quietly.

"You're a pure virgin." She said breathless. I nodded again. Chloe smiled and began an onslaught on my clit. I moaned and arched my back. I closed my eyes. "No Bailey, look at me." 

I opened my eyes and stared into her crystal blue eyes as she got me off. "You're so good at this." I whispered. 

"I've had a little experience." She smirked and kissed my neck. That thought rolled around in my head for a brief moment. 

"How much experience?" I asked. 

Her movement slowed which made it, if it even could be, more pleasurable. "I've been with two girls before you." 

"Who?" I pried.

"This girl from my phycology class and another from my ancient history class." She said. "Don't think about them. I'm not thinking about them." 

I nodded and pushed my panties down my legs. I arched my back again and unclasped my bra and threw it in the corner of my room. "Will you put a finger in?" 

She shook her head. "I want to watch you." She leaned again the footboard and pulled down her underwear and undid her bra. I rested against the headboard and spread my legs. I teased my clit and bit my lip. I ran my fingers against my labia and pushed the tip of my finger into my pussy. I gasped and looked at Chloe. She was watching me intently. I pushed my finger deeper into my center and began to move back and forth. I whimpered and sped up. 

"Chloe, my pussy feels so good." I moaned and watched her spread her own legs and rub her clit. I pressed my thumb into my own clit and felt the pleasure build up in the pit of my stomach. "Fuck, I'm going to cum." 

"I want you to cum for me Bailey." She egged me on. "Cum so hard that you'll scream." 

I put a second finger in and went faster and faster. "Fuck!" I exclaimed and saw the stars. I fell back on the pillows and panted. I remembered Chloe was there and I looked at her. She had her eyes closed and her breath was getting shallow. 

I crawled towards her and put my hand over hers. Her eyes opened and I moved her hand and replaced it with mine. I slipped my middle and ring finger inside of her and slowly penetrated her. "You look so sexy like this." I brushed my lips against hers and fingered her quicker. Her moans escaped her mouth and into mine. 

"Bailey you're going to make me cum." She whined. 

"That's I want." I smiled. "Cum." 

Her eyes rolled into her head and her legs shook. I felt her gush on my finger and I slowly fingered her until she came down from her high. I pulled my fingers from her and they glisten in the light. "For someone who is a virgin, you're great at this." 

"I might be a virgin but I've watched porn before." I smirked. 

"You naughty girl." She kissed me and I sat on her lap. I grinded my hips against hers and we moaned into each others mouths. "What do you think Natalie is doing?" 

"Probably watching the movie, not noticing we're still not back." I grinned. 

"That means we have time to do what I want." She pushed me back on the bed and spread my legs. She lowered her hips down onto mine and grinded into me. I gasped and moaned. "Fuck, Bailey that feels amazing." 

"Harder!" I yelped and she listened. Her clit rubbed against mine and her pussy was so wet that it was easy to move. We grinded faster and we clawed at each other. I grabbed her neck and pulled her down to me. "I'm gonna cum Chloe! I'm gonna cum!"

"Cum Bailey cum." She growled and kissed me. I shuddered as my orgasm rolled through me and a moment after I felt Chloe cum against me. We slowly grinded until we were both down from our highs. "Bailey I-I love you." 

I felt my heart soar in happiness and smiled. "Well you better prove it." 

"I will." She got off the bed and pulled my legs over the side. She yanked me by my legs to the edge and looked up to me. Her eyes sparkled before she dived into my pussy. 

"Yes!" I fell back and we made love for the rest of the night.