 Thank you to everyone who read the first part. I was a bit nervous submitting as it was my first story. I hope you enjoy my second.

~~~~

Chloe and I have been together for a little while now ever since that night when she had a sleepover with my sister. We haven't told Natalie yet so we just text each other. The only few times I get to see her is when she comes over to hang out with my sister. When she's over she comes into my room and we make out for a few minutes before she rushes back to Natalie. One day when she came over and we were in the middle of a hot and heavy make out session.

I stopped and sat up. "What's wrong babe?" Chloe looks at me worried.

"I don't want to get worked up and not be able to finish." I sighed.

"I know; I want you so bad." Chloe pouted. Her bottom lip jutted out and without thinking, I leaned in and bit her lip softly and pulled. I pulled away slowly and gauged her reaction.

"I'm sorry about that I didn't mean to-" She cut me off by pressing her lips to mine. It was one of her hunger filled kisses that made me wet. While we kissed I captured her bottom lip again and bit it lightly.

Chloe moaned and kissed me harder. I was unbuckling my belt when Natalie started to yell.

"Chloe! Are you okay? What did you do? Fall in?" She yelled. I heard her footsteps and Chloe rolled off of me and fixed her shirt. I buckled my belt and stood up.

"Natalie, I'm fine I was just catching up with Bailey." She smiled innocently.

"Bailey, get your own friends and stop stealing mine." Natalie rolled her eyes. "Come on Chloe."

Chloe mouthed an I'm sorry and I waved it away. I fell on my bed and groaned. I'll never get to be with her again.

~~~~

A few weeks later my sister was going to camp and it was finally my time to be with Chloe. I texted her the second Natalie left for the airport with my parents. My parents were going away to the lake this weekend and I declined, saying I had to do my AP assignment.

'I'm on my way' Chloe's text read and I ran back upstairs and changed into my surprise for her. I sat on the stairs and waited for her to arrive. The doorbell rang and I scrambled to stand and I stood about 5 feet from the door. "Come in." I said. The door opened and Chloe walked in.

"Bailey where are you-Oh my god." Her eyes raked over my body, taking me in. I was wearing a black baby doll and a matching black thong.

"Do you like it?" I smiled.

"Do I like it? I love it. I love it so much, oh my god." She dropped her bag and closed the door. "This is why I love you."

"I love you too." I said. Chloe caressed my face and pushed a loose curl behind my ear. She leaned in and kissed me slowly. Most of the time our kisses are desperate attempts of intimacy before my sister gets suspicious, but this time it was slow and sweet. This was better than the hot ones because this one also made me wet. I pulled myself closer to her and wrapped my arms around her waist. She pulled away from me slowly and caressed my face once more.

"Can we go upstairs?" Chloe smiled. I nodded and bit my lip. "I hate it when you do that."

"Do what?" I asked.

"When you bite your lip. It's one of the sexiest things about you." Her eyes studied my face with a smile and I felt the butterflies erupt in my stomach.

"What is the sexiest thing about me?" I asked shyly.

"Hmm now that's a hard one." She grinned and grabbed my thighs. Instantaneously, my legs wrapped around her waist. "Your smile, the look on your face when you're annoyed, when you bite your lip, when you're tired, when you're sleepy, when you fiddle with your thumbs, and you're especially sexy when you cum for me."

At the last one she nibbled on my ear. "If you play your cards right, I will cum for you."

"I'm looking forward to it." Chloe whispered. She began to carry me to my bedroom and we tenderly kissed. She softly laid me down on my bed and she crawled on top.

We kissed again whilst I pushed the straps of her crème slip dress off her shoulders. Chloe paused and pulled the dress over her head and kicked her flats off. When she finished I swung my leg over her hip and flipped us over so I was on top. "I like this new position."

I kissed her neck and unclasped her bra at the same time.

I pulled it off of her and bent down and latched onto her right nipple. She moaned immediately. I sucked on it till it was hard and moved on to the left.

I did the same to the left but kneaded her right nipple. Chloe's breathing was getting shallow and she sounded like she was close. Her hand grabbed my hair and pulled me off of her. "Fuck, fuck, fuck." Chloe whined and kissed me. She pulled me onto her lap and she sat up.

"What's wrong?" I laughed at her reaction.

"You're too good at this. I can never let you get away from me." Her hands were roaming my ass and hips. "You almost made me cum right there."

"I honestly don't know what I'm doing." I chuckled.

"Can you promise me something?" She looked at me.

"Of course. Not unless I'm signing my soul or something." I joked but then I saw the look in her eyes. "What's up Chloe?"

"Don't leave me." She said.

"I won't, if you promise you won't either." I said. We looked at each other for a moment and I saw the agreement in her eyes and we kissed once more. Her hands ran up my sides and began to push the baby doll off of me. I lifted my arms and she pulled it off of me. I rolled onto my back and took off my panties and looked over and Barbara did the same. I rolled back on top of her and grabbed her hips. I pulled her closer to me and looked down at our pussies. I watched my clit graze hers. A shudder ran through my body and I rocked my hips against hers.

"Yes Bailey yes..." I leaned down and kissed her as we grinded. "I'm going to cum."

"Mmm I thought I was supposed to be cumming for you." I smirked.

"Please don't toy with me. I'm so close." She bucked her hips. I moved from on top to in between her legs and dove my tongue into her. "Shit Bailey please don't stop. Don't stop."

I continued to lick her and she came within moments. I watched her convulse and pant as the orgasm ran through her body. I hovered over her and licked my lips. I looked at her and ran my nails down her stomach. "I love your afterglow. It's so beautiful."

"You're going to have to wait to admire it because I'm not done." She smiled and rolled over so she was above me.

"Mmm what's next?" I grinned in delight.

"It's a surprise." The moment she said it two fingers entered my pussy. I cried out and gave Chloe a pointed look. "I said it was a surprise."

She moved to lie down between my legs and began to slowly finger me. Her thumb applied pressure to my clit and rubbed it.

"Fuck yes." I whispered and lifted my legs into the air and held them by my knees.

Suddenly her mouth latched onto my clit and I came instantly.

"Chloe!" I screamed and ground my hips into her mouth. Her tongue lapped at my clit and I shook my head. "I can't. I'm too sensitive."

Chloe lifted her face from between my legs and kissed me. I tasted myself on her lips and moaned quietly. She laid in between my legs as we made out.

After a few moments we were just laying in each others arms. "Like I said before you're truly sexy when you cum for me." She laughed.

I blushed and buried my head in her neck. "You're too much."