 The Secret Journal of Mrs Daphne Jackman

3rd May 1935: Thank God! After an interminable journey -- I feel as though I've been at sea for ever -- we have at last reached Singapore. In just two days time I will finally see my new home in Malaya. My brother Roger was there in dress uniform to meet me and Jack off the boat, which was a relief.

10th May 1935: God, it is so stiflingly hot here! Even the stopover in Ceylon didn't prepare me for this. How does anybody stand it? The capital, KL -- that's short for Kuala Lumpur -- is like a dust-filled furnace, and even out here in the hills the humidity is unbearable. My manservant spends his entire day binging me glasses of lemonade, poor thing, and I perspire them away faster than I can drink them.

23rd August 1935: Roger has lost his mind! They say the heat can take one like that. Completely out of the blue he's gone and married a bloody coolie girl! He insists she call herself May, though her name's really Mei Ling. He says she's 22, which is quite young enough, but she looks younger to me. Ducky Duckworth said at the Regency Club, "Nobody minds one poking the native girls, old boy, but to marry one seems in rather poor taste." Vulgar as old Ducky might be, I am afraid one tends to agree.

11th September 1935: Mei Ling -- I refuse to use Roger's silly Anglicisation of her name -- is delightful! She's such a sweet, gay little thing, with a dazzling white smile. She seems quite nervous around me -- she can't get used to calling me Daphne -- but I know we shall become firm chums. Marjorie Thomason thinks me a young fool but Mei Ling is my brother's wife and, dangerously progressive thinking or not, I regard her as my equal. I have determined to train her to become a model Colonial wife.

28th November 1935: I am so angry at Roger! And at Jack! Some of the chaps were making the usual snide comments about Mei Ling at the Regency, and I thought that for once Roger was going to stand up for himself, and for her. He told Colonel Roberts "I married her, sir, because I love her, and I am proud of her." Roberts, the cad, made some stage-whispered comment about her no doubt also being a damned good fuck. Roger just turned red as a beetroot and stared into his Pimm's. Jack, damn him, guffawed along with the rest of the buffoons.

5th January 1936: Oops! A bit of a faux pas today. I went to visit Mei Ling and, well, I suppose I should have got her manservant to announce me, but the verandah door was open and I went looking for her. I heard a sound in the bathroom and there she was, standing under the shower Roger has had installed. She had her back to me, and I should have withdrawn of course; I was just so captivated by her natural beauty. I gazed at her long slim tan-coloured back, her jet black hair plastered by the water between her shoulder blades; her sweet, dimpled, pear-shaped bottom; and the sweep of her long slim legs. Then she turned and saw me. Any English lady would have been deeply embarrassed (as I was), but Mei Ling simply gave me that dazzling smile of hers as, I confess, I stared at her surprisingly large bust with its small, berry-like chocolate brown nipples, and the veritable jungle of black hair at the join of her legs. "Hello Daphne" she called in her melodious sing-song voice, "You wait on verandah, I be out in minute." What a very dear, sweet, naïve girl.

26th January 1936: On my God! Roger is beating Mei Ling. She was crying with pain when I called on her today and, although she tried to resist I made her show me. Horrible red weals across her back and posterior. I cannot believe my brother can be such an unspeakable brute towards this darling, blameless girl. I wanted to have it out with him, but Mei Ling begged me not to. "Please Missus -- Daphne -- you say nothing, else he be even angrier. I bad wife, I deserve it. Please, you say we equals -- I ask you as equal, you not say nothing." I agreed, with reluctance. Nevertheless, putting my nursing training to good use, I insisted she allow me to apply calamine lotion to her poor tortured back and botty. She has such soft, silky skin.

19th February 1936: I had the most furious row with Marjorie Thomason today. She was convening a meeting of the Military Wives Association, and I took Mei Ling along with me. Marjorie looked at her like dirt and said the meeting was only intended for British wives. I was incandescent with rage! I pointed out to Marjorie that Mei Ling is the wife of a British officer, just as she and I are. Then I told her that if there was no room in her fucking club -- I actually used the F word -- for my sister-in-law then there was no room for me either. No doubt I shall be ostracised for ever and a day, and Jack will be furious with me, but I don't care. I love Mei Ling as a sister, and I will not have her treated like some inferior being.

15th March 1936: I cried terribly today. I think I have scared Mei Ling away from me. She was weeping again from another beating by my beast of a brother. It broke my heart to see that sweet little fawn in such pain. I hugged her to me and she wept on my shoulder. As she did her breast, unsheathed beneath her silk dress, pressed against mine. I know I felt her nip stiffen, as did mine. I couldn't help myself, I only wanted to comfort the poor dear lamb. I kissed away her tears and, before I knew it, my hand had stroked her tittie, and gently squeezed it. Mei Ling sprung away from me, her almond eyes wide open in surprise, and she cried, "Missus, what you do? I not that girl no more." I tried to tell her I only wanted to make her feel better but she turned and fled in alarm. It was only innocent affection, I pray that I haven't ruined things between us.

16th March 1936: Joy of joys, Mei Ling and I are still friends! I spent a tearful night wondering how I could patch things up between us. But today she brought me the most beautiful jungle orchid, hugged me around the waist, and kissed me tenderly and lingeringly on the lips. Then, her dark eyes sparkling into mine, she told me: "Daphne, you very kind, very beautiful lady. I like you lots -- maybe too much I think. But I respectable married English lady now. Roger, he tell me before wedding, I no do things I used do on streets of KL no more. So we just be friends, yes?" I didn't understand all of that, but I am just so happy that my beautiful sister-in-law still likes me.

20th March 1936: I've done it! I saw Roger today and told him that if he ever takes a hand to Mei Ling again I will swear out a warrant for his arrest. Of course, he scoffed at first at the idea that the police would be in the least bit interested. But Mei Ling is not just a 'native girl' any more, she is the wife of a captain of the King's Own Fusiliers. Roger knows that if I kick up enough of a stink he will be seen in a very poor light. He called me a quite disgusting name, but I think I made my point.

23rd March 1936: Roger and Jack have gone up-country today. Some gang of river pirates are disrupting supply lines around Guntong, and they need to be taught a lesson. A most extraordinary thing happened. I was laying wilting on the chaise longue under our garden pergola, and I suddenly became aware of Mei Ling squatting beside me. She whispered in my ear, "You too hot Daphne? I help cool you down." Before I knew it the wicked little thing had untied the halter neck of my dress. My immediate reaction was to leap up, but I realised that would leave my boobies flopping out -- that'll teach me not to leave off my brassiere, even in this damnable heat! 

I gasped in shock as I felt drops of ice-cold stream water trickling down my naked spine; then Mei Ling's big toe softly followed the same course, causing me to shudder involuntarily. This was followed by her small, smooth, strong hands, kneading my neck, my shoulder blades, the small of my back, firm and gentle at the same time...I almost wondered whether I was dreaming, but I knew the warmth I could feel spreading through pussy was all too real. If Mei Ling had intended what she was doing to cool me down, she had made a dreadful miscalculation. I gasped again as a hand slipped beneath the material of my dress. Her fingers slipped into my panties, and her sharp finger nails scratched gently across my buttocks. It felt agonisingly erotic, and I could feel my vulva peeling open amid a glorious moistness, like a flower greeting the morning dew. Her lips stroked against my ear as she whispered, teasingly, "You like? If you like, I come back another day, make you cool again." It was all I could do not to roll over, flapping boobies or no, and mash my lips to hers. Thank heaven none of the servants were about! As soon as Mei Ling had left I had to rush up to my bedroom and let my fingers play with poor pussy to cool her down!

11th April 1936: My sweet Mei Ling took me through the doors of heaven last night, and I feel as though I am still there. J and R are up-country again, and as I lay in bed, far too hot to sleep, the verandah door slipped open and there stood Mei Ling. Wordlessly she shrugged off her gown to reveal her naked body. Then she lifted the bedclothes from me and tugged gently at my nightdress until I allowed her to remove it. As one we clung to each other, breast to breast, belly to belly. She kissed me in the French style, her tongue pressing between my lips and exploring my mouth. Even as I gasped with desire she slid down my body, our mingling sweat lubricating her passage, and sucked one of my titties into her mouth, chewing on my nipple as her hand twirled my other nip like a wireless knob. As I lay in a daze of ecstasy she explored my navel with her tongue, moved lower again. She pressed her face into my burning pussy, her tongue driving me wild, her fingers plunging deep into me. I had not felt such delirium since a night at school with Juliana Mendoza more than ten years earlier, but Mei Ling was so much more skilled, more experienced. I howled like a creature of the jungle as wave after wave of orgasm crashed over me.

Before long I repaid Mei Ling in kind. Though I lacked her expertise I ached with the need to return the joy she had given me. First I wanted to taste those hard, sweet little nips of hers. They were salty with her sweat, and she curled her fingers in my hair and keened as I nibbled at her. After resting my cheek for a moment on her soft, luxuriant pubic bush, I rolled my tongue around her labia, closely followed by my fingers. But it was when I gently bit into her clitty, and rubbed my nose across it, pumping two fingers in and out of her flower-scented love-hole, that her legs stiffened, her bottom bucked clear of the bed and, her fingers tugging at my hair, she mewed like a cat as she spent. I returned to her beautiful, relaxing face and gave her a deep Frenchie. She sucked her own sweet nectar hungrily from my darting, exploring tongue.

12th April 1936:The men are still up-country, and my darling angel has spent a second loving, exhausting night in my bed. We scissored our legs and squished our hungry pussies together, grinding one clit against the other. I have never known such paradise. Then as Mei Ling lapped at my pussy she thrust a finger up my anus, and squiggled it around in my bum. A million rainbow stars exploded in my head. Later, as her loving fingers teased at my enslaved clitty, she husked into my ear, "You so very sexy lady Daphne, I wan' fuck you for always." I trembled with arousal.

11th May 1936: Dreamt about darling Mei Ling again last night. Woke up with sopping pussy and yearning for sexual release. Jack just gave me an odd look and reminded me that it wasn't Saturday yet. I think he suspects something. He questioned me very closely -- it seems Mei Ling's staff have been noticing her absences. I had to tell him we kept each other company when he and Roger were away, and Mei Ling bedded down in the guest room. He made some vile comment about putting her in the servants' quarters, and asked me why I thought it was I no longer had any English friends. Bastard!

19th June 1936: J and R were off back up north again. I suspect they keep mistresses in George Town, I have heard that of some of the other officers. It meant that Mei Ling and I could be together for the first time in weeks. She had a wonderful new toy -- a huge dildo mounted on a leather belt affair. God knows where she got it, it probably came in from Indo-China. We spent the night screwing each other with it until we both screamed with pleasure. I would not have believed I could come so many times in such a short period -- once in a year with Jack is good going! I now feel totally exhausted, stretched as wide as a railway tunnel, rubbed raw, and truly wonderful! I love Mei Ling with all my heart -- I will not allow anyone, or anything, to come between us and our future happiness.

1st July 1936: Mei Ling's mysterious friend from KL gave her the device we discussed. It's so small I hope it is powerful enough. Now we simply await our opportunity.

11th July 1936: J and R go away again tomorrow. Time for action. I hope I can pull it off.

24th September 1936, Yorkshire, England: The Yorkshire Post was very kind about me today. It said: 'Harrogate welcomes the arrival as a resident of tragic military widow Mrs Daphne Jackman, together with her Malayan maidservant and companion. As readers may recall, Mrs Jackman is the widow of Major McLelland 'Jack' Jackman, and the sister of the Hon. Captain Roger Enfield-Jones, both of His Majesty's Own Fusiliers, who perished together on 12th July in a despicable attack by Malayan bandits operating from the jungle.'

It was, of course, a tragedy both for me and for my 'maid' Mei Ling. I don't suppose the Regiment will ever determine how the dastardly bandits -- if it was they -- managed to breach security and place an explosive device beneath the seat of poor Jack's and Roger's vehicle, before it even left base in KL. If that is indeed what happened. Oh well, at least my dear widowed sister-in-law Mei Ling and I have each other for comfort. Each other and her wonderful strap-on love rod.