 Authors Notes: I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this work, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. This is part one of a two part story. There may be more parts at some point. I'd like to thank zebra2001uk for taking the time to edit this work.

*

Veronica Leonda sat in her office thinking about the Board meeting she had just adjourned. She needed an ally or two sitting on it right now. The board of directors had slowly begun turning the company she and her late husband had built from the ground up into a shambles. She couldn't let that happen to something she had devoted so much time and energy to over the past ten years. It wasn't just that she and Jack had started it from scratch, they both had it as their dream together and she couldn't dishonor his memory by letting them take over and divide it up. She had to think of a way to replace some of the members who were against and some who just followed the verbal minority. She contemplated this as her personal assistant knocked on her door.

"Ms. Leonda, Miss Emily is here."

"Thank you, David let her in."

David stepped aside, opening the large oak door further allowing the young woman in her mid twenties through.

"Thank you David," as she passed him.

"Hello Em. That will be all David, Thank you."

"Yes ma'am." 

David closed the door leaving the two women alone. Veronica's face lit up when she saw Emily walk in. She stood, opening her arms and walking around the desk to hug her step daughter. Emily returned the smile preparing to embrace her step mother.

Emily was just eight years old when her mother died from breast cancer. Her father was devastated and focused mainly on his business ventures for the first year during which he was without his wife.

Veronica met him at a business conference she was hosting. He had sought her advice on numerous occasions as a consultant. She always managed to find the time to meet with him to help him solve his business problems. It was during these talks that the conversation would turn to his relationship with Emily. He was a good business man but when it came to little girls he was clueless.

He hadn't realized he had shut himself off to his only child until Veronica pointed it out. She encouraged him to rebuild his relationship with Emily which might help them each cope with the loss of her mother. Eventually the little girl and her father helped each other mend their bond becoming one of fairy tale proportion. Those talks helped open Jack's eyes and the professional relationship he had with Veronica changed from friendship to love. It had been like waking from a nightmare, Jack had once told her.

Emily could never replace her mother with Veronica and Veronica didn't want her to. They had their own special relationship of mutual respect and affection. It hadn't always been that way and Veronica was glad Emily had finally seen her as an addition to their family and not a replacement for her mother.

Emily realized just how much Veronica loved her father during the last year of his life shortly before cancer took him. They had built themselves a successful business and were enjoying the fruits of their labors. His illness and eventual death changed all that.

Emily sighed as she hugged Veronica, she felt the tension in her step mother's embrace peak and then subside as they embraced. 

Veronica reached up and brushed the stray hairs from Emily's face. She could see Jack's penetrating eyes in her stepdaughter. She missed those, along with everything else about him. Emily was all she had to remind herself of the only man she had ever really loved.

"Want something to drink, sweetie?" she whispered.

"No, I'm just tired. The airport was crazy and the driver you sent got lost."

"I'm sorry; I'll tell David not to use them anymore."

"It's ok; I think I was his first client and he was a bit nervous."

"Well, ok. So how was New York? See any shows? Meet anyone exciting?"

Veronica's face lit up as she asked about New York . It was there that Veronica had met Jack and had fallen for him. 

Emily had never been in a serious relationship and Veronica worried about her. She wanted Emily to find a path for herself. The young woman was smart and good looking. If only she had some direction in her life or felt some passion with regards to a career.

"Nobody exciting or new; just hung out with friends and went to a couple of clubs. We thought about going to Times Square and battling the tourists but decided to just watch the ball drop on television."

"Oh, sorry to hear that Em; you did have some fun didn't you? New York City is such an exciting place. Maybe I should visit again when this entire take over nonsense has subsided."

"Yes, it was ok. You're worried aren't you? What if the board seizes control of the company?"

"Yes I am worried, it would mean losing this company your father and I built."

"How could you lose it Veronica? It's ours isn't it?"

"Technically it belongs to the stockholders. Since we went public, I sit as the board chair and own a majority of the stock. But things could possibly change."

"You can't let that happen Veronica, you and dad built this from nothing."

"We did sweetheart, he did most of the work. I had the contacts to make it all work. It's alright Em; I know that if your father were here none of this would be happening. The board would never attempt anything like this with him at the helm. 

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Only if you were on the board. I need support and unfortunately you're not allowed to be on it."

"But if you knew someone, I mean like a friend. They could?" 

"They would have to pass the current board's inspection, but yes there is a vacancy that could be filled."

"Maybe you should look into that more?"

"Well, I would but they seem to know all my current friends and allies. It would have to be someone new and I don't see that happening anytime soon."

"Maybe something will happen and they will rethink their positions."

"You are sweet, we'll see what happens."

"Did you have the driver leave your bags here or take them to our house?"

"I had him drop them here; I didn't want them touring the city while he looked for our house."

"Smart girl."

Veronica walked back around her desk and pressed the intercom. "David, Emily is heading home. Her baggage is down in the lobby would you arrange a limo for her. Please don't use the same service we did to pick her up."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Oh, and please have the other limo company call me. I need to talk to them about their driver. Apparently he doesn't know his way around this little berg of ours."

"Yes, ma'am. Is that all?"

"Yes, David. Thank you."

"You're welcome ma'am."

"I need to stay here a bit longer. You go home and relax; we can talk more in the morning."

"Ok, I am tired. Are you taking the day off tomorrow?"

"Yes, I'll be home late tonight."

With that they hugged and Emily departed taking the private elevator to the lobby and waited for her limo. 

"David, come in here please and lock the door behind you. I don't want to be disturbed."

"Yes, ma'am I'll be right there."

David walked in and locked the door behind him. Veronica was stressed and he figured he'd be asked to stay late. He didn't mind at all, he was in love with Veronica.

"Mix us some drinks, sweetie."

"Yes, ma'am."

"What a day, David. I'm so tired of all this."

"I know ma'am. I wish things could be different. Is there anything I can do to help?"

David knew where this would lead; he sometimes wondered if he was just hired for this special service he supplied for his boss. Not that he didn't enjoy it; Veronica was a tigress and kept herself in great shape.

Veronica sat down on the leather couch that backed up to the wall facing her desk. She crossed her legs after kicking off her heels. Sitting back, feeling the couch envelope her, she closed her eyes and tried to get the meeting out of her mind. David was behind the desk mixing drinks at the wet bar as she meditated. He finished mixing and walked over to his boss; waiting until she opened her eyes he then handed her the small glass and sat on the floor at her feet.

"Things will work out, ma'am. You always manage to come out on top."

She smiled down at him, sipping her drink.

"I just want to relax. Think you can help me?"

"It will be the highlight of my week, ma'am."

"You are sweet, David."

He set his glass to the side, at the base of the couch and took one of her nylon covered feet in his strong hands. With the precision of a trained masseur he began working the tension from her tired body. She sipped her drink as he alternated between the left and the right. Wanting to ease her pain, he focused on each muscle working his way to her ankles and then the calves. She stretched out, sinking deeper into the couch as the alcohol in her martini began its job. Veronica's soft moans of delight encouraged David and affirmed his expertise.

She let him soothe her tired feet and legs and when she was ready she opened her eyes and arms beckoning him to her. He took her glass and set it aside. Leaning in he kissed her as she tugged his shirt from the confines of his slacks. He removed his tie then began unbuttoning his shirt as they kissed. Her hands slipped under the fabric feeling his warm skin and firm stomach. She traced his abs with her fingernails causing him to tremble. Breaking the kiss he sat up and wrangled his shirt from his shoulders laying it aside. Leaning back in, their lips met and her hands returned to his chest. 

Pausing their kiss he looked into her eyes.

"The usual ma'am?"

She nodded and he knelt before her. His hands gliding over her nylon covered thighs. She pressed herself back into the cushions and raised herself up. As per his routine, he slipped his fingers under the waistband of her panties, working them off. She grinned, raising one ankle then the other allowing him to ease that restriction from her. Massaging her legs, as he slid his torso between them, he bent down to gently kiss the upper band of her stockings. 

"You're such a good boy, David."

"Thank you, ma'am."

He kissed and licked his way to her mound, delighting in her scent and they way her nylons felt under his palms. She scooted forward spreading her legs to give him ample room to pleasure her. His tongue traced the trimmed edges of her manicured landing strip. She pressed her head back into the leather anticipating his next move. He decided to alter his normal routine and moved his right hand between her legs brushing her swollen vulva with the backs of his fingers. She moaned when his thumb parted her lips, his tongue followed it down the opening he had created. Her warm moist lips closed over him as he inched it inside her. Her hands gripped the sofa when he touched her favorite spot. Their experiences together had taught him exactly what she wanted from him. Her manipulation of his head and words of encouragement helped in the process. Her eyes rolled back in her head as he focused on her clit. She pushed her hips towards him and he knew he had done well. Her legs squeezed around him as his face was inundated with her juices. She buckled and writhed as he continued licking and sucking on her. With one final convulsion she let out a small yelp and collapsed back into the couch satisfied. He paused, working his way back out, kissing and massaging her legs.

She opened her eyes and looked down at his glistening cheeks.

"You're just what I needed sweetheart."

He smiled, sitting back on his heels. 

"You're welcome, you know I love making you happy Veronica and my wife enjoys the skills you've taught me."

Veronica smiled at him, remembering his little vixen of a wife at their last Christmas party and their special talk. 

"Yes, I bet she does love that about you my sweet David. But, I need to get home and so do you."

"Yes, ma'am. Would you like me to walk you to your car?"

"That would be nice of you, David. Thank you"

******************************************* Over the next few months the two women saw little of each other. Veronica was involved with work while Emily relaxed and worked on her tennis game. She had a business degree and a Masters in economics from an Ivy League school but wasn't sure she wanted the headaches she saw Veronica dealing with. She needed a break from school and decided that spring would be a good time to start focusing on her career. For now she'd just take it easy and let herself relax.

She spent a few days a week playing tennis at Veronica's country club and keeping in shape. She loved the freedom of not working or going to school. But she also missed the structure those brought to her life. Veronica would join her at least twice a week and they would have some vigorous matches on the court. Veronica had watched Emily's game improve over the years and had hoped that maybe at the very least she would join her in the club's annual doubles tournament.

Emily had played tennis in high school and some in college but had never had the drive to take it any further than that. With time on her hands she now seemed to focus on her game and staying in shape. She worked with the various pros from the country club getting insight into her game. This particular day she had been worked over by that day's pro and was feeling it in her arms and especially her legs. She finished up her session and headed off to the locker room for a sauna to relax and loosen up. 

While she was changing she noticed another young woman, perhaps thirty years old, whom she had seen on the courts during the last few weeks. The woman was tall, svelte and an excellent tennis player from the little bit Emily had seen of her when she was on the courts. She was getting undressed as Emily headed to the sauna having been practicing a few courts over.

Emily checked the timer and turned it to 30 minutes, grabbing a small towel to use as a seat. She figured that would be enough time to let the heat soak in and loosen her muscles. Even though she worked out regularly this particular tennis session had been hard on her legs. She walked in and sat down on the redwood bench placing the small towel down close to the wall. She loosened the towel around herself and lay back, closing her eyes. The hot steam soon engulfed the room, surrounding her and soaking deep into her tired legs. After about two minutes she felt the air change and heard the door open, light from outside darted in blinding her temporarily and outlining the woman entering.

She uttered a generic hello and closed her eyes again. She lay back against the wall, a deep contented sigh echoing through the warm sultry fog.

"Hello." 

A soft melodious voice returned, as the woman set her own towel down in one of the other corners and adjusted herself.

"Tough workout?" 

Emily heard these words just as she drifted off, feeling the effects of the warm moist air.

"A bit harder today than normal, yes."

"Are you going to play in the club's tournament?" 

"I hadn't really thought about it, why?"

"Well, I hope you don't mind but I've been watching you these past few weeks. You're very good. How are you at doubles?"

"I was ok back in high school. But since then I mostly play by myself."

"That's a shame; someone with your skills should have someone as good to play with."

Emily thought for a second -- 'she's talking tennis or I've been in this sauna too long!'

"Legs ache?"

"Yes, I'm not quite back in shape and Gwen had me working on my net rush. It seemed a bit too much, but I guess I needed it."

"She can be a task mistress for sure," the voice slightly giggled.

"She can be when she wants to."

"Sorry. Am I disturbing you? I don't want to be a bother. Go ahead relax, pretend I'm not here."

"It's ok. I was starting to fall asleep anyway; not a good thing to do in a place like this. Luckily my calves are sore and beginning to throb," Emily said sarcastically.

"Already?" Michelle replied in a surprised tone.

"Yes, I'll need to stretch more this week and make an appointment with the club's masseuse."

"Well, I think she's booked solid for the rest of the month. I tried getting an appointment for my employer."

"Oh well, I guess I'll just suffer."

"I might be able to help you out if you want," the woman offered.

"Are you a masseuse?"

"No, I'm not. But I have taken a few classes and came very close to making it a profession. I do work on my employer from time to time when she can't get an appointment with her favorite masseuse here at the club. I could help you work out the kinks in your legs."

"That would be nice; they are beginning to tighten up despite this heat."

Emily heard the woman get up and move towards her. She opened her eyes and saw her standing at the base of the benches. Her hair was loose, towel wrapped around her and tied together just above her breasts. She smiled as Emily focused on her face. She laid a towel out on the bench before her and looked up at Emily. 

"I don't bite and my name is Michelle," she said extending a hand. "Lie down with your face down."

Emily smiled and rose extending her hand to greet Michelle.

"I'm Emily, nice to meet you."

Shaking it she then laid down facing the door at the opposite side of the room. 

"This is nice of you Michelle, I feel sort of strange doing this. Especially in here."

"Oh, don't worry about it. We're adults and we're not doing anything but helping your legs feel better."

Emily smiled and closed her eyes.

"So you need a partner for the tournament, Michelle."

"Yes, I have done the singles thing but I would like to try the doubles. After seeing you play I knew I'd have some competition in that so diversifying and maybe having you on my team I might at least win one trophy."

"You are too kind, Michelle. I'm not that good."

"I think you are and are just modest."

Emily sighed slightly as Michelle placed her hands on Emily's left calf. She slowly began working the muscles up her leg and then back down. 

"This is tight, girl."

"Yes, I've always had problems being inflexible."

"We'll see if we can help that situation out a bit."

There seemed to be a sly intonation in Michelle's voice but Emily didn't want to think about that just at this moment. The woman's hands surrounded her leg, kneading it up and down. She lay there basking in the sensual delight of the warm moist air as Michelle moved to her right leg from her left.

"Emily, would you mind if I changed positions? I can't really get to the other side of your right leg while bent over like this. You could turn around or I could just get on the bench. Whatever is easier for you?"

Emily was content just as she was. She spread her legs a bit more thinking Michelle had enough room to get on the bench already. She was just doing her calves anyway. Michelle stopped and climbed atop the seat Emily was laying on. When she started again Emily sighed with contentment. Michelle worked each calf, coaxing the muscles, stretching them up towards Emily's thighs and then back down. About every third pass up, Michelle would cover just a bit more leg increasing her range and listening for any objection. 

Her warm hands flowed over Emily's soft skin kneading the muscles, as she pressed deeper into them. Emily enjoyed the attention and would moan as she drifted off into a state of peaceful bliss. Michelle could tell her efforts were paying off as Emily's moans increased in frequency and volume. She smiled to herself and continued her massage, noting each time she moved higher on Emily's thighs that the young woman uttered a brief moan and a slight gasp as she breathed in the warm moist air.
