 Marilyn Hayes had an important mid-term exam the next day, and knew she had to cram for it, but was too nervous and high-strung to study. She needed to relax, and she knew it, and Marilyn also knew how to do it. She picked up her cell phone and called Susan Crain, a sorority sister and one of her favorite study chums. 

"Hi, Sue. How ya doin'?" 

"Not so great, Mair. I have a term paper due in two days, and I can't seem to concentrate. How about you?" 

About the same. I need to study for a big exam, and I can't get my mind on what I'm doing. I need a nice hot session with another girl, and it sounds like you do too." 

"You know it. Phil is down here, and we were about to get started on one. Why don't you come on down and join us? Okay with you, Phil?" she asked another study chum whom Marilyn also knew and liked. "It's fine with Phil; come on down, so we can all go down." Sue chuckled at the double entendre in the last sentence. 

Marilyn grinned, because she knew what would be happening as soon as she got there, and it was just what she needed. "Be right there," she replied, and ended the connection. 

All the women in that sorority house know the best way to relax while studying or doing other stressful class work is sex that results in a good, strong climax. Most of the women living there prefer having their orgasms brought about by a man, but it is not always feasible to go to all that trouble on a weeknight, not to mention the fact some men just didn't know how to get the job done, or weren't interested in doing it. They know it's simpler and surer to get together with one or two of the other women and take turns eating each other's pussies or using dildos on each other. They only get together with close friends, of course, but there are never any strings attached and no obligation to join in a session. At the same time, it is accepted that, if one woman brings a sister to an orgasm, it is customary for the second woman to reciprocate, one way or another, and eating her pussy is the preferred way. 

Marilyn was wearing her pajamas, which were comfortable for studying, and she saw no point in putting anything else on. The rooms and hallways in the sorority house are well enough heated that no robe was needed, and she was not concerned with privacy, since only women live there. Anybody seeing her would know what she was going to do, but that was alright too, because almost all the women do the same thing, at least sometimes. 

For sanitary reasons, she took her pillow with her. The room she approached had a towel hanging on the doorknob, which Marilyn thought of as rather silly, and she knocked on the door. It was opened a crack and, when Susan looked out and saw who was there, she opened it the rest of the way and admitted her study chum. She was also wearing pajamas, but the top was unbuttoned and pulled back so her small, shapely breasts were fully exposed. She is a rather short, slender young woman with fine features, and her dark brown hair was hanging in curls down to her shoulders. She smiled a greeting and, after closing and locking the door, kissed her guest full on her mouth. 

Phyllis was smiling and sitting cross-legged on the bed in the room, wearing blue babydoll pajamas. The top was transparent, showing off her large breasts with the big pink nipples, which Marilyn knows to be sensitive. The panties which go with the ensemble are also transparent, but she wasn't wearing them anyhow, and her pussy was clearly visible to the newcomer. Phil's long blonde hair is natural, and matches what is at the apex of her legs, and her skin is fair and has no blemishes. She is tall and gorgeous, probably the most beautiful woman in the sorority, and much in demand for relaxing sex sessions such as the one which had apparently just gotten started. 

She got up from the bed and approached Marilyn for a hug and a long kiss. When they broke it off, she and Susan escorted their friend to the bed and, after she had sat down, teamed up on removing her clothing. Sue and Phyllis are attractive young women, but Marilyn has no grounds for any envy, for she is a beauty too, as are practically all the sorority's pledges. A tall African-American, she wears her hair in a short Afro, and her face is light brown with generous and regular features. 

Phyllis unbuttoned and stripped off Marilyn's pajama top exposing breasts that are not quite as large as her own, and are topped with large, dark nipples. After tossing the top aside, she cupped one of the brown beauties in either hand and started licking one of the adorable nubbins, while Susan finished removing Marilyn's pajama pants and tossed them in the same general direction as the top had gone. The exposed pussy was clean-shaven, because it is far more sensitive that way, especially when being caressed by a tongue, and her male or female sex partners enjoy the soft, smooth skin too. 

Susan certainly intended to. She wanted their friend to lie on her back and raise her legs so she could bury her face in the adorable pussy. Liking the idea at least as much, Marilyn made no resistance and lay down, her head nestled in her pillow and her legs raised and spread. Sue finished divesting herself of her pajamas, ducked under the shapely, dark limbs and wrapped her arms around them, so her face was inches from the lovely pussy that awaited her. She breathed deeply of the heavenly aroma and started licking Marilyn's crotch. A few drops of delicious juices had trickled out already, and Susan avidly licked them all up, letting them stay on her tongue so they would please her taste buds before she swallowed them. 

Phyllis's mouth was just as busy, licking the big brown nipples that, even that early, were so erect her tongue could feel the individual ridges and the pebbly texture of the areolas surrounding them. Marilyn was receiving tremendous pleasure from what her sorority sisters were doing for her with their mouths and, minutes after they started, her body was squirming while she cooed in joy. Her happy noises began to become turn into blissful moans when Sue's avid mouth continued upward, and she felt the pleasuring tongue on a smooth, sensitive outer lip. 

Susan adored the texture of the lip too, and she slowly licked her friend's pussy until she reached Marilyn's Mount of Venus and kissed her there. She knew a wealth of fresh nectar awaited her, so Sue brought her tongue back below the adorable pink hole that had produced it and feasted on every drop, relishing the flavor and everything else about what she was doing. 

Her mouth didn't remain there very long because, of all the pleasurable things about eating a pussy – the aroma, the flavor, the beauty literally under her nose and her friend's vocal expressions of joy - she loves the tactile sensation the most. Being in no hurry, and knowing the others weren't either, Susan's mouth moved slowly upward on her friend's lip, as her tongue caressed the same area over and over, until she kissed her mons again. By that time, Marilyn's lower body was writhing on the bed, and her cooing had completely evolved into joyous moans.

Susan raised her face and smiled when she saw the movements and heard the noises of her friend. Her smile widened when she lowered her face again and noted how Marilyn's pussy lips were swollen with lust and her clit had almost pushed its way clear of its protective hood. Sue's tongue began another slow journey, this time between an outer and an inner lip, beginning at the smooth area between their origins and continuing upward. When she reached the place where the labia are closer together, she tilted her head and thrust her tongue into the seam, reveling in the slick wet surface of the outer lip and the spongy swollen inner one. She licked all the way to the point where the inner lips end by merging with each other and raised her head again. 

She saw how Phyllis had removed the other part of her baby doll pajamas, so all the sorority sisters on the bed were equally naked, and Phil was rubbing her pale pink nipples against Marilyn's dark brown ones. The blonde was cooing happily with the extremely erotic sensation; the black woman's loud, moans of bliss had begun ending in whimpers, and her pussy was fucking up against Susan's face. She also saw how Marilyn's adorable clit was even more swollen with lust than her lips and had pushed its way completely out from under its protective hood. 

"I'm going to suck you in about a minute, you little cutie," she said to the adorable morsel, and brought her mouth back below the dripping pink hole to feast on the flowing pool of fresh nectar she and Phyllis had elicited from their friend's pussy. 

Marilyn heard her house mate and hoped she meant it. Her level of arousal was almost at its peak, and she could feel her orgasm approaching. It had been building steadily since leaving her own room and going to join Sue and Phil, in anticipation at first, and then from what the mouths of the other women had done for her. Her lower body was thrashing around on the bed, as her upper body would have been doing except for Phyllis holding her down. The blonde beauty had stopped rubbing nipples with Marilyn and was sucking on one of those luscious brown breasts, while her tongue caressed the nipple and areola. 

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" Marilyn whimpered in time with the thrusts of her pussy against the mouth that had just engulfed her clit. "Oh, god!" she cried out a minute later when she began climaxing. 

The muscular brown thighs clamped onto Susan's head, as if to keep her from escaping, and started swinging from side to side, while her pussy rammed up into her friend's face. Susan had no wish to go anywhere; her face was in one of her favorite places, buried in the pussy of another beautiful woman, and she held onto that woman's legs with both arms. Her mouth continued its actions, sucking and licking Marilyn's swollen clit until the recipient of her attentions gave another cry of total ecstasy. All her muscles clenched and she rammed her pussy for an ultimate time into Susan's face. 

After her tremendous orgasm, she relaxed completely, seeming to become a dark puddle in the middle of the bed. Phil disengaged her mouth from the breast she had been sucking and sat on the edge of the bed while Sue greedily licked all the delicious juices from Marilyn's pussy. When her feast was over, she also moved aside and both women waited for their friend to catch her breath and aid in bringing one of them to an equally delightful orgasm. 

She opened her eyes and smiled at the two naked women who had just done so much for her. Marilyn knew she couldn't stay where she was, because it was the turn of one of the other women to lie on the bed and be taken to ecstasy. "That was terrific, you guys. Phil, is it your turn now?" 

It was because, since Susan was the hostess, she would be the one to cum last. Phyllis lay on the spot Marilyn had just vacated and slid her own pillow under her head. When she was comfortable, Sue held one of the blonde's luscious breasts in either hand and bent down to begin licking her nipples. Phil's legs were spread, and the woman who would be eating her pussy got off the bed, got back on at the foot, and walked on her knees until she was between them. When those legs were raised, Marilyn ducked under them, leaned forward so they rested on her shoulders, and gazed at the lovely sight. 

Unlike most members of the sorority, Phyllis doesn't shave her pussy. There is really no need, because her blonde pubic hair is so fine and so sparse, it would never get in the way of a person in Marilyn's position. The light bush served to accentuate the ivory white skin surrounding the inner lips that were so red and swollen with lust they were blossoming through the pink slit. From her contacts of her mouth and her own nipples with the dark brown nubbins of her study chum, she had begun lubricating, and droplets had spattered onto her inner thighs. Marilyn avidly licked the nectar from there and everywhere else she found it before thrusting her tongue into that dripping pink slit. 

Phyllis's body had already been squirming and, when the pleasuring mouth made contact, her movements became more pronounced. As Marilyn buried her face in the blonde's pussy and explored with her tongue, Phil moaned in bliss and begged the black woman to keep licking, a redundant request, because all the women were having such a great time, none of them wanted to do anything else just then. Relishing the flavor of the nectar and the texture of Phyllis's lips and everything else about what she was doing, Marilyn moved her tongue all around the dripping pink hole. 

Sue especially loved having the big, luscious breasts of the sexy blonde against her mouth. The nipples were already fully erect, and she could feel the tiny sepoarate ridges and the tiny protuberances making up the texture of the areolas. She licked mostly with broad strokes of her tongue, and sometimes just dabbed with the tip. Phyllis's face was just inches from her ear, and Sue could hear her sighing and moaning in joy. 

That wasn't all she was doing. Phyllis really loved the session with her house mates, especially once the familiar three-way connection between her nipples and her clit had been established. She could feel the currents of joy coursing through her body and she could feel her orgasm steadily approaching. Besides her pussy squirming under Marilyn's tongue, her upper body was writhing in pleasure under the ministrations of Susan. When Sue started taking Phil's big breasts into her mouth, the blonde's movements began thrusting them, one at a time, up into the place where they belonged. 

Even more than what was happening to her breasts, though, Phyllis loved what Marilyn's mouth was doing for her pussy. The beautiful black woman's tongue had started at the bottom of the pink slit and slowly licked upward until it reached the dripping hole which was the source of the delicious and fragrant juices. She couldn't see exactly what was happening, because Sue's head and shoulders were blocking her view, but she could certainly feel what her friend's tongue was doing for her. 

And that was sending wave after wave of intense pleasure washing over her body from everywhere the wet giver of pleasure probed and stroked. Her upper body was writhing, but Phyllis's pussy was even more active, fucking up into Marilyn's face while her legs thrust out and back in over the dark shoulders, resembling a pair of soft, white pistons. All three of the women frolicking on the bed knew Phil's climax was no more than a few minutes away. 

Marilyn especially knew it. The sexy blonde's lower body was so active it was all she could do to keep her mouth pressed close to her friend's pussy. Phyllis's thighs had turned outward, presenting the blonde's most private parts fully to her mouth, and the pretty African-American knew what to do about it. By that time, her sorority sister's clit had pushed itself completely out from the shelter of its protective hood, so Marilyn wrapped her lips around the swollen morsel and started to suck. Her lips formed a seal at the base and, while her cheeks puffed like a bellows, her tongue caressed the swollen top and sides of the little darling. 

"Mmm! Mmm!" Phyllis loudly whimpered in the same tempo as the actions of Marilyn's mouth, until she cried out "Oh, god! I'm cumming! Keep sucking my clit!" 

Even if her friend had wanted to stop, she couldn't have moved her face away, because Phyllis's legs had clamped onto her head and were holding her captive while they swung from side to side and back and forth. Marilyn clung tightly until the bosomy young woman cried out ecstatically and rammed against the face that was so snugly pressed against her pussy. After her orgasm, Phil relaxed completely, sagging onto the bed in absolute and utter relaxation. Marilyn greedily devoured all the juices that had gushed from Phyllis's pussy and backed away, letting the pale legs sprawl onto the bed. 

When the voluptuous blonde's breathing had returned to normal, she moved aside and let Susan take her place with her own pillow under her head, because it was time for their hostess to lie in the middle of her bed and be brought to her orgasm. All the women loved having their pussies eaten and cumming from it, but they also derived pleasure from doing the same for one of their friends, and licking up the fresh juices that were produced. Marilyn had already eaten out Phyllis, meaning Phil would be the one whose tongue brought Sue to an orgasm, while their African-American friend did her part by licking and sucking the brunette's breasts. 

Avid for the exquisite pleasure she knew she was about to experience, Susan spread and raised her legs and let them rest of Phyllis's shoulders. The bosomy blonde wrapped her arms around her friend's thighs and leaned in close, to breathe deeply of the heavenly aroma of the cleanly-shaven pussy before her. Having pleased her sense of smell, she began to please her taste buds, and her tongue sluiced up all the fresh juices from Susan's thighs and crotch. She had tasted them before, and her friend's fresh nectar was as delicious as Phyllis remembered. 

Susan was already in a high state of arousal from what her own mouth had been doing with her beautiful house mates and, besides the juices flowing, she was already squirming on the bed. Two lovely women were pleasuring her orally, and Sue knew she was in for a great orgasm, but she hoped they would take their time about bringing about that wonderful event. Phyllis was of the same mind, as was Marilyn, and their combined licking and sucking would continue until Susan was completely satisfied. 

For Phil, that would mean starting on one outer lip and slowly caressing with her tongue up to the Mount of Venus. Eagerly, she pressed her mouth in close to the hairless flesh and started slowly licking her way upward. The skin of the lip was soft and smooth and vibrant, like a living satin pillow, and Phil took her time, her tongue stroking its way up to the mons that was her first goal. By the time she reached it, Susan's pussy was writhing on the bed and she could hear the brunette's soft cooing from the pleasure she was receiving from her sorority mates. Phyllis kissed her there and brought her mouth back to devour all the fresh nectar and start licking the other outer lip. 

She took a long time again, and had to change her grip on Susan's thighs, for the highly aroused brunette's movements were becoming almost violent as her sexual excitement increased. When she reached the mons this time, Sue kissed the soft mound and looked at her friend's clit. It had almost completely pushed its way out from its protective hood and resembled a beautiful, pink pearl. Phil smiled at that, because she has something special she likes to do when a clit is that beautiful and that exposed. 

Marilyn was having fun too, especially since Susan's nipples were so rigid they were pleasantly stimulating her tongue. She had begun by licking the precious nubbins but, after a few minutes, had drawn the soft globes into her mouth to suck on them while licking the nipples and areolas. She was also elated by Sue's strenuous movements and blissful moans and whimpers, and wanted to bring her to an orgasm, but take a long time doing it. She knew she would need to get back to studying, but she also knew it would go easier after the sexual interlude with her sorority sisters. 

Right at that minute, studying was probably the farthest thing from Susan's mind. The two mouths pleasuring her had already established the three-way connection among her nipples and her clit, and currents of joy were pouring between those points and throughout her body. She knew she would soon climax, and that it would be a momentous one, and one reason for that was what Phil had started doing. 
