 One of my closest friends had invited me to hers for a few glasses of wine and a general catch up on all things good, bad and delightfully naughty! Our conversations constantly slipped into depravity which always led to me being extremely aroused throughout the evening and I'd end up masturbating like crazy when I finally returned home.

Many times during our meets at her cottage led to us indulging in a little naughtiness. It was never planned, or in anyway a given that something would happen, but that's what's so cool about our friendship. It's easy. There's no hang-ups, no responsibilities, no strings attached - just two women enjoying each others' company when the mood takes us. I generally follow her lead though, as I'm up for it ALL the time, no matter what mood I'm in, so if she wants to play... we play!

I guess I should describe the two of us. Rhea is about 5ft 7 and has long dark hair which has a plum red colour that catches in the light. She has piercing blue eyes that captivate you when she says something suggestive, to which she then gives you this tempting gaze, and to me, that look is dangerous because I just crumble within. She is naturally dominant which appeals to me greatly, and is seductive, assertive and sensual. She has luscious curves that I can't keep my hands off. Her breasts are bountiful, a 38E, and her skin is so unblemished, soft, and supple.

And me, well I'm a lot more curvaceous than Rhea. My boobs are 40G, my belly is larger and my hips and bum are noticeably wider and rounder than hers. I'm about 5ft 3, have shoulder length brown hair and hazel eyes. I have a submissive streak in me which gets seen to at times by Rhea, and like her, I am extremely sensual.

The one thing that brought us together was our sexuality and kink. While our conversations swing from music, to films, to past relationships with men and women, the underlying subject is mostly sex... kinky sex, normal sex, lesbian sex, fetishes, straight sex, bizarre sex... you name it, we've probably discussed it at some point, and added our own individual experiences into the mix as well as our own fantasies that we both have.

Rhea's hedonistic approach to all matters relating to sex have given her a delightful array of glorious sexual experiences, where as I'm fairly reserved and introverted, yet when I get to know someone the filth just spills out!

Anyways, I've digressed greatly...

Tonight was no different to any other night I've spent at Rhea's. We drank, ate, talked and laughed, and verbally flirted with one another. We began to talk about a mummy/daddy role playing scenario, and whilst I've never indulged in it in reality I've often masturbated to the thought of it. She, on the other hand has played the mummy scenario out, and I could feel myself getting turned on by the tone of her voice and what she was saying as our conversation went on and on.

I sat there for what seemed like hours stewing in my own juices, my mind reeling of 'mummy'. We were sat on separate sofas, and so far there was no inkling that anything naughty would be taking place, and looking at the time, which was about 2:45am, I doubted that anything would happen... but that sometimes was half the fun, the not knowing if I would be allowed to play with her!

At 3am, I fumbled around on the floor for my keys that had fallen off the sofa at some point during the evening, and then I stood up to leave. Rhea got up too, and like always, we cuddled and kissed to finish the evening off. When we kiss I always feel like a million tiny explosions are igniting themselves in the pit of my stomach. The same happens when my hands and fingers come into contact with her. 

I hugged her, and held her tight, my nose just up against her neck. Her head was leaning against mine, and her hands were in my hair – just another one of her 'things' that makes me 'want' and 'need'. We stood there for a while like that with a sexual intensity brewing between us.

I snuggled in closer, and kissed her neck lightly. She didn't pull me away so I continued, not knowing how far she'd let me go. I wondered if she'd send me on my way after only a few kisses or whether she'd let me go a little, or a lot further!

My heart was already pounding and I could feel a hunger coming to the surface. I wanted more, more of this nuzzling into her, more of this, intimacy.

Her hand tightened in my hair causing my legs to weaken. I kissed her with added vigour as she directed my head lower and I licked and kissed just above the line of her top as it sloped downwards towards her abundant mass of breast.

I was still unsure how far she'd let me go, but I took my chance and slipped my tongue just underneath the edge of her top. I was ravenous for those yielding spheres. The torture of being that close to them was too much to bear and I dithered clumsily, attempting to peel back her top, still thinking that at any moment now she'd pull me back up by my hair and end this luscious moment.

Surprisingly, her hand came away from my head, and I pulled back slightly, waiting for a sign to either stop or continue. I was still close enough for the tip of my nose to feel her warm skin rising and falling with her breaths. Her fingers came to the side of my face and I felt her top being lowered. Within seconds her right breast toppled over both her bra and top and immediately fell near my mouth. As it did that her hand went instantly to my hair and she tugged me into her mammoth tit.

At once I kissed and licked it, held it in my hand, pushed it up so it bulged against my mouth. I found the nipple, flicked it repeatedly and sucked on it ravishingly. I head her moan, and then I heard the words that turned my legs to jelly.

"You're mummy's good girl, aren't you?"

I let out an audible groan and mumbled a 'yes' and carried on with my rapacious assault on her breast.

"Good girl..." she said, and we stood there with me greedily sucking on her nipple and her fingers tightly grasped in my hair. I was so worked up that she had introduced one of my fantasies into it. I continued to devour her as she said other things like, "yes, do that for mummy!" and "oh good girl" and it would heighten the passion further. 

She pulled my head back and forced me to look at her. My eyes were heavy with lust as I looked deep into hers. She then lifted her top back over her breast and placed her hands on my shoulders ordering me back to the sofa. I clumsily retreated and she pushed me down when the backs of my knees touched it. I was sat on the edge and she told me to lean back. She straddled my legs, and pushed me so that my head was against the wall.

Further up she came, practically sitting on my belly. She pulled out her breast again and towered over me with it. In an instant she pulled me closer, squashing me with it. I was engulfed by her luscious tit and I hungrily attended to it. She began to rock back and forth on me, and it felt so erotic to have her do that. My hands came around her waist, and I grappled with her flesh as she did it, feeling her move into me, then away. I was gasping for air, her abundant globe of flesh totally consuming me and pleasantly smothering me.

My hand came up again to her breast, swelling it up, lifting it which allowed me to inhale some air in between my voracious bouts of licking and sucking.

"Mmm, you like sucking on mummy's tits, don't you?" 

I answered her in a deep arousal-filled moan. I don't think I could have spoken anything more than the 'yes' I gave her. I was completely consumed in a frenzied excitement.

She was still rocking to and fro, and I soon found myself moving my hips up and down so that my stomach would scuff against her in the hope she would gain sufficient friction. Her movements were methodical like a pulsing rhythmic beat on one of those electro chill-out records that seemed to coincide with the beating of your heart or an incessant throb in your knickers.

She was still talking to me sporadically, "mummy likes that," and "you're a good girl for mummy," and "suck mummy's tit." The vulgarity of her tone and words, not to mention 'mummy' catapulted me onto a new level of my twisted eroticism.

I continued to ravish her breast whilst slipping my hand between her thighs. We were both still clothed, but this added something more to it. It was like there was no time or purpose to undress, it was simply a need to do what we were doing and nothing was going to interrupt this animalistic state we'd got ourselves into.

My fingers rubbed her pussy as she swayed and I hoped that she would feel it enough through the awkwardness of my position. I was silently begging her not to tell me to stop as this was one of only a couple of times that I've actually had my hands between her thighs, and it felt oh so good.

My actions halted when her top rose slightly and hindered my gluttonous attentions on her fleshy orb. I roughly pulled it back down and popped her nipple back into my mouth like some desperately starved child.

"That's it, suck it, suck mummy's nipple..."

And I did, with added gusto and placed my arms around her arse and pulled her into me. Her hand clenched around my hair, and she pulled me into her. I was literally panting and gasping in near suffocation.

After more of this she sat back, but still straddled me. She lifted her top up completely, and guided my head back in, and fed me her left tit.

"Suck mummy's tit... there's a good girl!" I groaned my appreciation, and devoured it. "Bite it..." She calmly ordered.

I held her breast up with both my hands and bit into the bulbous flesh, causing her to moan appreciatively. 

"Mummy likes it when you bite..."

I took her nipple between my teeth and twisted it left, then right, and then sucked on it hard, flicking it ferociously with my tongue. She grabbed my hand and placed it on her other breast and pressed it hard into it. I groped it with urgency as I nibbled, licked and sucked the other one. 

She lifted herself a tad and shoved me back to how I was before and then stood above me. She shuffled further onto the sofa and pushed my shoulders down until her pussy was right above my face. I looked up and saw her breasts hanging above me. They looked sticky and blemished from my ministrations. 

She smiled and lowered herself onto me, straddling my head. My nose skimmed up against her pussy. I could smell her arousal. It was intoxicating. I put my arms around her legs and grabbed at her bum as she began to again rock back and forth. 

I lifted my face a little more so that I could get my tongue to run along the seam of her trousers, pressing it into the valley between her outlined swollen labia. I gathered spit in my mouth and oozed it out onto the fabric, making it warm, damp and slippery so that my tongue would slither with ease. 

"Mmm, my dirty girl..." she moaned as she rubbed herself on me in complete lengths, from her clit to her arse. It was just like she was riding me and she held onto the ledge above me for balance.

"Mummy's fucking you baby. You like that?" I could hear her moans escalate.

I stifled a groan as I answered her, "oh god...yes!"

She carried on for a few strokes more and then stopped. 

"Be a good girl, kiss mummy's cunt..." She moaned in a velvety, seductive purr.

I licked my lips and kissed her pussy just like how I would in a passionate frenzy. She reached down into my hair and gripped it fiercely. I gasped loudly, but it was soon muffled as she pressed me deep into her pussy. She directed my face into the juncture of her thighs, and intermittently allowed me intakes of air, before forcing me back again.

She continued to roughly glide over me, and then stopped again. She held me there, not moving, and then I felt this wet warmth cover me. It leaked through her trousers, and blanketed my face. I felt it gently trickle over my cheeks, over my hair and ears. The smell was not that strong, but the taste was as a few drops entered my mouth and slipped down my throat. I wasn't sure I liked it that much but the sheer dirtiness and naughtiness of what was happening made up for the not-so-pleasant taste. 

I fidgeted to allow some space between me and her sodden trousers, but she yanked me up, closing herself around me, and started to rub against me as the final drops of piss seeped through.

She stayed there a while, her liquid warmth soon turning cold and sticky, and she then released her hold from my hair before she stood back and ran her fingers down my face. Her lips came to mine, but before they touched she gazed lustfully at me.

"Mummy's dirty little whore..." she whispered with a wicked grin that spread across her face.

I whimpered momentarily before her lips crushed mine. Her hand came to my hair and she pulled me upwards until we were both standing, our lips still passionately locked.

I could feel the hunger intensify again, and I reached up to play with her exposed breasts. I wrestled with them and then withdrew my lips from hers and swirled my tongue around a rigid nipple.

I lovingly caressed them, moaning my excitement as she stroked my matted, moist curls and soothed me with a gentle, "Shush." I calmed down a little and removed my mouth from her. She stroked my hair tenderly whilst whispering, "My pretty baby..." 

My breaths slowed, and I could feel myself relax. I looked up to her and we kissed slowly.

"That was awesome..." I quietly said, although I was surprised to get any words out. 

She smiled and planted another kiss on me and said, "Mummy knows best..."

I left shortly after and got home about 4:45am where I took my sticky knickers off, washed the pee from my face and hair and went to bed...

Although it wasn't to sleep!