 Lisa was my favorite coworker. She and I seemed be the only women on our shift that weren't complete bitches. I had never seen such a collection of shallow, judgmental bitches in my life. If they weren't obsessed with status and money they were holier than thou, looking down their superior noses at anyone and almost everyone.

Lisa on the other hand, was super cool. She was 30, divorced and was too jaded to give a shit about fashion and boyfriends with money and cars. She listened to cool music and had a worldview that ranged beyond the world right in front of her nose.

I was almost 24. Freshly graduated from college a year or so earlier and not happy at all about spending that time working at a customer service call center on swing shift instead of the field I had just spent over 4 years and thousands of student loan dollars studying. 

I had also realized that I needed to break a pattern I had developed of 3 month relationships that all had been going the same for about 2 years now.

1st month- infatuated and we fuck like bunnies

2nd month- we cool down and get into cuddling

3rd month- spend 3 weeks yelling at each other and then one more week moving out/splitting up/fucking each other's friends

Not healthy

So, in trying to reassess my criteria for picking men I had now been celibate for the longest stretch since I left home. 2 months and no sex. No boyfriend, no one nighters with a last call pick up, no booty calls to or from an ex, no one time impromptu lesbian sex sessions (that had happened for the first and only time about 10 months prior). A girlfriend had given me a vibrator as a gag gift, but it was no joke. I was on a second set of batteries! I was watching porn tapes I inherited from my last break up and vibing my clit almost every night!

Lisa and I went out occasionally, but we were both too broke to party too much. She was broke from a bad divorce, just wanting out so badly she let her shithead ex go with no alimony and she ended up with almost all the debt he had done more than his share of accruing. I had the sudden harsh reality of a massive student loan debt. When we did have a few bucks, we'd get a pizza and drink a few beers, maybe watch a movie or something. We hadn't become the best of friends, but we definitely valued the friendship and the fact we were each other's only comrades at our shitty job.

One particularly shitty shift ended up with our supervisor having a "talk" with us about calling one of our co-workers a racist bitch. Lisa and I are both white, and so was the coworker, but she was in the break room talking about how she knew a customer was black by her southern accent and was sure the woman wanted a refund because she wasn't smart enough to use the product. Lisa and I both heard her and Lisa flat out called her a racist bitch. When the racist bitch became offended and starting yelling at Lisa, I stood up and told her to "shut her cocksucker". (I had heard that one from my dock worker uncle when I was just a kid and always wanted to use it! I was so happy I thought of it! LOL)

Well, needless to say that ended up getting us both in hot water. Our supervisor, a bitch and a half in her own right, scolded us and we defended our stance some, but at one point Lisa caught my eye and just shook her head. Lisa apologized for our reaction and promised it would not happen again. I wanted to stay indignant; Lisa's expression told me I needed to calm down. I apologized as well and began to realize just how close we were to getting fired. The supervisor sent us home 3 hours early without pay and that fucking hurt. Lisa and I both needed every dime we made and that was gonna suck come payday.

We clocked out and got to the parking lot and Lisa fucking exploded! She threw her purse against her car and began screaming "FUCK!!!" at the top of her lungs. I jumped and looked around; thinking our coworkers inside had to hear that!

I walked up to Lisa and put my hand on her shoulder as she stood at the hood of her car with her head down. I asked if she was ok and when she raised her head I could see tears welling up. "Margie, damn it girl, do what you need to get in position where you don't have to take this kind of shit!"

She turned and hugged me and we stood in the parking lot crying for a couple minutes. Once we both kind of regained our composure, I said "Hey, fuck it. We're off early. Let's go get a bottle and get stupid."

Lisa smiled and laughed and said it sounded good. She followed me to a liquor store near my place and we bought some rotgut cheap whiskey and went back to my place. We walked in and got a couple glasses and stood in the kitchen drinking and venting for a while. After about 10 minutes and two whiskey and rocks a piece later, Lisa said "Let's go watch a movie." "Want to watch Pulp Fiction again?" I asked "I still haven't returned it"

Lisa said sure and we walked to my living room. I was sitting down on the couch and Lisa had the remote in her hand turning on the TV/VCR combo. (It was the 90s, I was cool....lol)

I wasn't looking at the screen as it came on but I was instantly embarrassed as I realized I forgotten something very important. 

Pulp Fiction was sitting on the coffee table and porn was in the VCR. OH SHIT! Lisa hit play before I could say anything and the screen was suddenly full of a close up of a cock in a pussy and the sounds of porn filled my apartment! A compilation tape entitled "Cumming in Waves" was in, starting up right smack dab in the middle of a scene. I was mortified, positive Lisa was going to think I was a degenerate for watching porn. She hated how women were objectified in the media and I was sure she was going to think I was a hypocrite. 

Much to my surprise, Lisa just laughed. Sure, she was shocked, but not appalled. I got up and moved towards the TV. "Oh my god, oh my god, I'm so embarrassed. Shit!" I moved to eject the tape and Lisa said "Hold on, don't freak!" as she continued laughing.

I said "You're not ....offended?"

"No, I've watched porn before! Just because I hate how skinny models are and how women are encouraged to associate their worth with their beauty doesn't mean it can't be fun to watch people fuck." She said

She had put it so succinctly, I was amazed. I knew I felt that way but I sure wasn't able to express it that well at that time in my life.

She said "Let's watch for a minute...I love to make smart ass commentary sometimes, on the cliché porn shit. Used to drive my ex crazy!"

So we sat down on the couch and spent the next 15 minutes or so laughing our asses off and making severely rude and smart ass comments during the scenes, like some sort of porn play by play announcers. 

"Shit, those tits look like the 'hiippity hop' I had when I was kid. Just need a handle!"

"Guarantee those fake SOBs would save her from drowning!"

"Jesus, she's been in the business too long! Her pussy looks like an old wash rag!"

"Does he really look like he's enjoying this? I mean, he's getting head and he looks like he's waiting for a bus!"

"Do you think she took classes to be able to fake an orgasm that well?"

Then, as sure as shit, I put my foot in it.

Lisa- "Fuck me, could that guy be less into eating her pussy?"

Me- "No shit, I did better than that my first time!"

I instantly regretted what I said. Lisa and I were friends, but that was probably way too much too soon. 

Lisa's head flipped my way, her jaw agape, "What?!?!?"

I stammered and tried to recover" uh, I mean, I bet I could, or I would if I..."

Lisa turned and asked point blank "Have you been with women?"

I could feel my face turning red. "Well, yeah. A couple of make out sessions and ....one...well, one one-nighter."

Lisa smiled and blushed herself. "Wow, that is..cool."

Not the response I was expecting. Not that I expected Lisa to run away freaked out, but I did not expect her to be impressed by my limited bi-sexual experiences.

At this point the mood changed from riotous laughter to intense inquisition. Lisa wanted details...so I obliged. I told her about my make out/feel copping/dry hump session with Adrianna, my "I fucking dare you!" tongue kisses with girlfriends at bars to get free drinks. Then I told her about my first full on girl sex. I recounted my night with Nicole and Lisa just listened intently, taking a big gulp of whiskey now and then, all with various groups of people fucking on the TV in the background. 

I finished telling her about Nicole and Lisa was smiling....I'll be damned. She's getting flirty!

"So, you were seduced by a co-worker having drinks in your apartment after work, hmm? I'm starting to feel this was a set up. Invite me over, get me drunk, and conveniently "forget" porn was in the VCR....hmmm."

I laughed. My inhibitions were definitely at ground level at this point. I looked at Lisa and gave her my best devious lothario look.

"Would you like it if that was the case, you sexy kitten?" I said, trying to sound all Don Juanish.

Lisa laughed and kicked her legs out in front of her and did the best bimbo hair flip I had seen in a while. "On my gawd....I am soooo drunk" she said in a great sorority slut imitation, arching her back and thrusting her boobs up in the air. 

Nicole and I had a similar build. I had more in the hips, she was about a 38C to my 40DD, but she had a great ass. Apple bottom girl all the way. She had light brown hair about shoulder length, and a pretty face, kind of sharp features but not too sharp.

I leaned in, my lips to her ear and said "Did I mention I made my first girl come with my mouth?"

I could feel Nicole tense up with excitement. She looked at me, still inches from her face, her expression one of anticipation, her lips even quivered a bit. I heard her breathing speed up as our eyes met.

My mind started to race. I was certainly up for some sex, but I remembered how awkwardly my first time ended with Nicole getting upset and it effectively ending our friendship. I think Lisa could feel my hesitation. 

I said "I don't want this to make things fucked up at work or between us."

Lisa said "I...I don't want to either."

I replied "Can we make each other feel good and not get weird about it?"

"Let's try...." She said

Our faces were still maybe an inch apart. I could smell the whiskey on her breath and I know she could smell the same on me. I leaned in and she did the same and we met in a nice, soft, exploring kiss. She put her hand to my face and I caressed her arm and we made out.

We progressed slowly, my hands finding their way to her chest and our kisses becoming deeper and more passionate. Shortly she was pulling my shirt up and we stood and began undressing each other. As Lisa undid her bra and let it fall to the floor I got my first look at her breasts. They were gorgeous. Like I said, a little smaller than mine, but very nice. She had the biggest areolas I had ever seen, with cute little nipples in the center. I took her right breast in my hand and lifted it and brought my mouth down to take that nipple into my lips. I sucked and swirled my tongue around on it and listened to Lisa begin to moan. 

Lisa moved on as I released her nipple and began kissing my neck and I was done for. My neck is a serious erogenous zone for me and I was sopping wet as she kissed and nibbled my neck. Things became blurry from that point on. We were both so turned on that it became a flurry of kisses, lips, tongues and fingers.

Still on the couch, I pulled Lisa's panties down and gazed upon her beautiful little bush. With Lisa sitting on the couch, her ankles in my hands, I lifted one leg up and licked down it from her ankle to her pussy. She gasped and clutched her tits as I paused ever so slightly before putting my mouth to her moist lips. I became lost in the moment, eating Lisa out with fervor. All that existed was the taste of Lisa and the sound of her moans. 

After quite a while I knew she was getting close to coming. I slid a finger in her as I tongued her clit and she had all she could take. She came nice and loud and I enjoyed making her come so much.

As she shuddered and caught her breath, I moved up to her face and began stroking her face and hair. We kissed and she caressed my breasts and we lay on the couch for about 20 minutes. Lisa laughed and said "Damn, thanks, whew, you are good. You've only done this once before?"

I said "Well, with one other girl. We ate each other out multiple times that night."

Lisa bit her lip and looked hesitant. "I'm not sure I can do that....is that shitty of me? To let you eat me before I say that?"

I laughed "I don't mind, there are plenty of things we can do....."

Lisa raised an eyebrow "MMM, really? What other tricks do you know?"

"Let's go back to my room" I said and we stood and walked naked down the hall.

We got to my room and stood by the bed. We began kissing again. Lisa's hands found their way to my ass and she gave me a squeeze. I broke from our embrace and reached under my bed, retrieving my vibrator.

"You could make me come with this." I said

Lisa's eyes lit up and she said "Oohh, yes, I know how to use one of those!"

I lay back on the bed and Lisa took my vibrator and turned it on as she knelt down by the bed. She slowly worked the vibrator up my lips, form the bottom of my slit to my clit. Once she got to my clit, she held the vibe there and began caressing my pussy, rubbing my lips. She may have been hesitant to put her mouth to my pussy, but she certainly knew how to work magic with her hands.

She got me good and worked up then slipped the slim vibe inside me and placed her fingers on my clit. She alternated between those, vibe to the clit, vibe in my pussy for a while. Then with the vibe still buzzing my clit, she plunged two fingers in my pussy. She may not have fingered anyone but herself before but she certainly was good at it! She curled her fingers and hit my g-spot and I was gone. I came hard, groaning low and deep. Jesus it was nice having an orgasm that wasn't self-induced!

Lisa was up on the bed next to me before I was completely finished coming. She kissed me again and caressed my tits as I finished my little post orgasm shivers. We lay on the bed holding each other for a while, our hands roaming over each other's bodies. 

We ended up with our fingers in each other once more. We fingered each other and kissed. I brought my fingers up to Lisa's lips. She hesitated just a moment then licked her taste of my fingers. God it was so hot to see. I raised an eyebrow and asked how she liked it.

"Mmm, ok. But...."

She removed her fingers from me and licked them.

"Yes, you taste better."

It was so hot to watch her do that. She moved over me, kissing down my breasts to my stomach down to my pussy. She rubbed me for another few seconds, building up the courage to put her mouth to pussy for the first time. Finally I felt her lips touch me. She moved slow, kissing more than tonguing. It still felt so nice. Very tender. As she became more comfortable, she began slipping her tongue inside me. She ate me nice and slow for a few minutes then asked "Can we try something?"

"What do you want to do?" I asked

"I'm not sure what it's called..but I've seen it in porn before. Can we rub our pussies against each other?"

"Ooh, sure! I did that last time. I just call it kissing pussies." I said. (I know, I know, it's called tribbing, but I did not know that in 1996! I think kissing pussies is better anyway...)

I got on my side and lifted my leg and we edged towards each other. I arched and raised up some and we got our legs scissored. I moved down and our pussies met and I began to grind on to Lisa. It was soo hot. Feeling our lips rub against each other.....the wetness and the heat. We both came holding hands and pulling ourselves in tighter as we did the bump and grind against each other. I didn't expect to come from that but we did and fuck me it was hot!

We went and showered and I gave Lisa a t-shirt to sleep in. We cuddled up and slept most of the rest of the night, waking up once and kissing until we couldn't take it anymore and we fingered each other to orgasm again.

I woke the next morning and Lisa wasn't in bed. I wondered if she woke and split before we'd have to have that awkward morning after talk. I was much more prepared this time, not being near as self-conscious as I was the first time. I just hoped it wouldn't be like some encounters I had before, hetero included, that just got awkward at goodbye the next morning.

I walked out and Lisa was in the kitchen making coffee. She said "hey", just as calm and cool as if nothing had happened.

We sat down and started drinking coffee and Lisa said "So, guess we need to figure some shit out before we go back to work, huh?"

I half chuckled and said" Uh..yeah, probably a good idea"

Lisa took the bull by the horns. "Look, as long as you're cool with it, I think it'd be great to have a friend who sometimes wanted to fuck. I am cool with it, we keep it completely away from work and just have some fun."

Wow, I thought, that was pretty easy. I said "I am super ok with that scenario. We don't freak out when we date others right? We fool around when we can or want to, no hard feelings if the answer is ever no?"

"Sounds good" Lisa said

I smiled "Ok, sounds good." Just like that I had a fuck buddy long before I had ever heard the term!

Lisa and I had sex 4 more times over the next two months. I have to say I was kind of bummed when she left to move back to where her family lived. She was just having too hard of a time paying off all the debt she had and hated to but had to go back and live with her sister.

Lisa and I talk on the phone a couple of times a year and still exchange Christmas cards to this day. She is re-married, has kids and the whole deal. We never talk about our "fuck buddy" days, but I remember her fondly.

I found a great job about 6 months after Lisa left and quit the shitty call center job too. I met a fella named Jack my first week on my new job and my life has not been the same since!