 I have a very bad habit of being horny all the time. I learned to masturbate at a very young age and never looked back. If I were to describe myself I would say that I am around 5'10 with light brown hair that is a little bit past my shoulders. My girlfriends say the best part of me is my ass though. I have to say it has driven quite a few people nuts when I wear a nice pair of tight jeans. I mentioned the horny part all the time. Oh Yeah I did. I also forgot to mention that I have a fetish with anything that has to do with my ass or another woman's ass. I want to tell of some of my adventures. Hope you all enjoy.

In my senior year of college I went on a trip to New York City. This is a trip that I will never forget. I had my girlfriend at the time drop me off at the airport. I tried to wake her up in the best way I know how and that is to bury my face up between her ass cheeks but she was mad at me for something and didn't want to have sex. This was not good for me as I was one step beyond horny. As I began to go through security I was pulled off for a random screening and I was also forced to have to receive a thorough pat down. It was a woman who was doing the pat down and i was so horny that I was starting to get extremely wet. This is not good. As she finished I looked at her and smiled. As I reached the gate I saw my flight was delayed for at least 5 hours. I was hoping to get up in the plane and lock myself in the rest room and masturbate to relieve some of the stress. I guess that wasn't going to happen. I had to find a way to take care of this problem. 

Looking around I found a rest room that was relatively away from the pack. I walked in and went to the farthest stall and locked the door. Thank the stars that it was clean. I pulled down my jeans and immediately started to rub my clit. The feeling was amazing but not good enough. I reached down with my other hand and began to slowly finger myself. I started with two fingers. They entered easily because of how wet I was. I had a nice rhythm going and came in no time. The problem was that wasn't good enough. I figured now is the time to be creative. My ass needed some attention. I looked and saw that the toilet paper holder was a pretty nice size and it could be easily removed. I always carry sanitizer with me in case I need to be creative and in this case it worked out perfect. I removed the holder and cleaned it up. Leaning back with my legs up in the air on both sides of the stall I started to put the holder up my ass. I didn't bother going slow as I was dripping from the last orgasm. I started to get a good rhythm going and was loving every minute of it. I started to moan uncontrollably from the feeling of having that holder going in and out of my ass. 

"Are you OK in there," came a voice on the other side of the stall door.

I can't believe I didn't hear someone come in. I replied as best I could and said I was fine. I started to freak a little as I noticed that the lock was broken on this stall. All I saw was a pair of high heels underneath the door and then the door opened. Here I was with my pants up around my ankles and a tp holder up my ass. 

The woman on the other end didn't skip a beat and said "Well you definitely are fine and I guess this is my lucky day."

"Why is that," I asked.

"I have been in here in the other stall for the last ten minutes and listening to you has got me so horny that I am dying to help you finish."

"I would love for you to help me out," I said as I lifted my legs even higher for ease of access for this beautiful woman.

"I want you to turn over and kneel on all fours so i can get better access to that ass of yours."

"Who am I to deny you this chance," I replied while coming off the seat and kneeling on the cool tile.

My ass is up in the air and I never removed the holder as it felt too good to be taken out yet. 

"I am going to love having fun with you," said the woman who was now grabbing the holder and moving it and out in a slow pace. After a few minutes of this she began to pull it out and would tongue fuck me. Between the holder and her tongue I was done. I felt the pressure building and I warned her that I couldn't stop. My legs were shaking and this made her dig her tongue even deeper up my ass. It was unbelievable. I came squirting all over her. I told her I now have to return the favor. I guess at this point I should describe this beauty that now has my come all over her. At best guess she was about 5'10 with brown hair that came down to her ass and a chest that most men would die to get a hold of. She was wearing a small white sun dress and had on the cutest little white lace panties. 

"I am going to love having you squirt in my face."

"I can't wait," said the woman as she got up on top over me and bent over straight legged.

I took this opportunity to start licking the inside of her thighs up to the sides of her panties. They were soaking wet. I then started rubbing her pussy through the material. I kept doing this for a good couple of minutes. I pulled her panties to the side and her pussy and ass were glorious. Her pussy was swollen and looked like it was dying to be pleasured. I decided she had enough teasing as I started to spread her pussy open and was licking it like a rabid dog in heat. It was driving her nuts. As I was licking her clit I started to enter her with 2 fingers. They felt so good. Her juices were covering my fingers. The motion of my fingers and my licking of her clit was becoming too much for her. I started to slow down and denied her orgasm.  

"Why did you stop," she asked.

"I want you to come while my face is in your ass."

"That sounds like a great plan to me."

Just as she finished saying that I decided to start my assault on her ass. I kept fingering her as I was rimming her ass. I decided to now start to dp her with two fingers in her pussy and two in her ass. While still licking around my fingers. I knew this would do her in. 

"Keeeeep going," she cried as she squirted all over me. Her come was all over my face and I was loving it. It never gets old having another girl squirt on me. I pulled my fingers out and had her lick them. She lapped up the juices readily...To be continued.