 This is the fourth(but not the last by far) installment. There's a bit of lesbian role-playing at the end. Hope you enjoy the story. Look forward to comments. Thanks in advance

A Tale of Gassy Lesbians 4

Ashley, ex-spoiled prep and the second cheerleader to fall under Veronica's spell, was rapidly coming to love her new identity. She felt confident and sure of her purpose. 

Being put in that car with Amy was heavenly indeed, for Veronica had given Ashley plenty of what she now craved: the farts of her new Mistress. 

Veronica had flooded the car with a seemingly endless supply of wonderful gas, sending both Ashley and Amy into an intense erotic frenzy. If Veronica had not told both women not to, Ashley would have eventually ripped Amy's clothes off. 

Instead the two cheerleaders masturbated furiously, all the time breathing in the ceaseless chain-farts that Veronica kept releasing into the car's interior. For two hours both women were completely wild and extremely horny. 

It didn't help that the two cheerleaders had been told not to show any signs that they were pleasuring themselves or aroused. Then Veronica said goodbye, and that she would try to meet with them later at Ashley's home in secret. "Just be sure to let me in." said Veronica.

So the pleasure ended, their Mistress had left, and both women now headed to cheerleading practice. It wasn't a long session this time, and Ashley and Amy did their best not to seem different. Amy was still able to captain her team.

Ashley and Amy started to notice each other's mutual attractiveness, without being under the influence of the gas. Once practice had ended, both women got into Ashley's car and started driving off. 

Now Amy carried out her Mistress's instructions: try to arrange a sleepover with Ashley. But that wasn't a problem, as both cheerleaders had had many of them before without incident. 

Then Amy learned of even better news: Ashley's Mom and her two sisters would be out of the house for the night, her Mom on an out-of-town meeting and her sisters were staying overnight at a friend's house. Ashley was overjoyed when she heard the news. 

"I had an idea Amy. One involving a camcorder. Make something to show our Mistress." Ashley smiled to her fellow Slave-Slut.

"A Gift for the glorious Veronica? Inventive." said Amy.

"We have the entire evening and night to ourselves. Our Mistress instructed us not to stay up past midnight, we'll need our rest for tomorrow." Ashley said with a hint of excitement in her voice.

Amy grinned, "Plenty of time to satisfy our various hungers. Let's plan out our little get-together on the way to your house...."

Eventually they arrived at Ashley's home. It was late in the evening. No one was home. 

"All right, what shall we do first?" asked Amy.

"Food. What else? I'm starving Amy!" exclaimed Ashley.

Amy lowered her head, smiling.

"Then let's eat." 

So Ashley and Amy went to work on making dinner. It was a very relaxed, informal, fun event. Even the fact that the two female flatulence-addicts had not inhaled a single fart for a considerable period of time didn't spoil the relaxed event. 

They just improvised. Both women were well aware of the foods that gave them gas, so they just made a few adjustments to what they put on the table.

"When I eat enough of these, Ashley, I let off bombs worse than "Gigli"."

"Hah! Amy, you don't know what a real explosion is! Wait till you see this. My farts will be way more potent than any gas you can produce, ever!" 

"Is that a bet, Ashley? You really shouldn't, because I always win! I'll always fart louder and longer than you ever will, and my gas is way sexier than yours!"

"Well, I will like totally call that bet Amy. I guarantee you'll be conceding defeat in no time at all!"

Of course, their bet made for an unusual meal to say the least. Both women kept letting loose farts in mid-sentence, and laughing at the other's reaction. 

Almost as soon as one of them felt the pressure, she released it. Both women shamelessly inhaled each other's gas, causing the other to laugh even harder. Their mutual playful teasing was relentless.

Ashley at one point did her best impersonation (albeit teasing) of a stuck-up woman stereotype: "That is completely indecent of you! How very unladylike!"

Amy raised an eyebrow: "Really? Here is my proper, civilized response to your statement.", and then suddenly let loose a particularly loud fart, causing both of them to laugh out loud.

For a while, this went on. Neither woman could stop laughing, or teasing (or farting), they had caught a bad case of the giggles. 

They were having too much fun being silly. Neither woman could excuse herself to the bathroom without the other following her in, the second woman inhaling the farts of the first. 

In many ways it was a normal sleepover, made abnormal by the fact that both cheerleaders had become addicted to the farts of other women (and each other). After a very strange (but excellent) dinner, Ashley showed Amy the newest things around her home. 

Amy was also told what had happened most recently, and Ashley likewise was told by Amy what she knew had happened. Just basic gossip, only this time it was noticeably lacking in malevolence. 

Usually Amy and Ashley had acid tongues when talking about other people, but recent developments in their personalities had changed that. Once gossip was over, the two friends decided to play a game of volleyball in Ashley's pool. 

Not surprisingly, both women put on pretty revealing swim clothes that barely covered their breasts or butts. The attraction between them had building steadily, and now it started to show itself more as they set up the net. 

Ashley and Amy were frequently distracted by each other's scanty outfits, but played competently and had a lot of fun trying to win. Ashley won, but gave the victory to Amy anyway. 

In the excitement, Amy kissed Ashley....full and on the lips for a substantial period of time. For a couple of precious seconds, their wet warm bodies were pressed together. 

Finally after an eternity, their lips parted. Ashley exhaled sharply, "Your lips felt really good against mine." 

Amy nodded, "We have plenty of time to explore each other, but let's get cleaned off." So Ashley and Amy got out of the pool, removed their outfits, dried off, wrapped themselves in towels, and went inside. 

Soon they were both in the bathtub: an ideal location indeed. The two submissives of Veronica began mutually cleaning each other's bodies off with soap. 

Neither woman hide the fact that they were enjoying the caresses of the other, as their hands frequently stroked each other's pussies and breasts in a very sexual manner. But it was only after they finished getting the shampoo out of their hair that they started making out. 

Amy resumed kissing Ashley, only this time much more fiercely. They embraced each other tightly as the cheerleaders passionately explored each other's mouths with their tongues. 

Then Amy told Ashley to lean back, and then started to suck one of Ashley's globes while pleasuring the other with her hand. Ashley cried out, and farted by accident. 

Amy paused to draw it into her lungs, and then resumed her gentle caresses of Ashley's delicate body. So Ashley lay back for several minutes, softly moaning as Amy pleasured her. 

The sensations eventually caused Ashley to explosively orgasm, almost screaming as she flooded the bathwater with her juices. For a while neither woman spoke. Finally Ashley softly said, "Tell me the camcorder got that."

Amy smiled, "I'm fairly sure it did. That was a brand new tape, and I made sure the angle was right. It won't be anything extraordinary, but hopefully our Mistress will like it."

Ashley signed, "Mistress. I miss her. I doubt she's having fun at her meeting."

Veronica was not enjoying herself. As usual the school was more interested in avoiding a standoff with the most powerful parents in the community, a fact that those parents had been well aware of for a very long time. 

Once again the teachers had had their hands tied with regards to how they could discipline their students. These parents loved the rhetoric of saying that discipline had to be toned down to avoid damaging teenagers' fragile minds. 

Veronica was incensed, as they had again rendered punishment so tame as to be meaningless. Who's running this school anyway? 

Worse, these powerful parents used this opportunity to make an example of one of her fellow teachers. She almost lost her job because of what they said next, and the only reason she didn't get fired was because the parents held back on purpose. 

"They're reminding us not to step out of line." thought Veronica. So this meeting only reaffirmed what had been a de facto reality for so long: the students could still run wild, knowing they would never be punished with anything remotely effective. 

Evelyn was there, practically gloating over the teachers' plight. For a while, Veronica was almost too angry to think. Then an idea hit her: why stop with just turning misbehaving students into lesbian slave-sluts? 

There were plenty of adults in this room who could use a little discipline. "Enjoy your triumph for now. One day, Evelyn, you will be begging me for my farts. One day, I'll be the one ordering you around...my future Slave-Slut." 

Veronica realized the meeting was almost over. "As speaking of Slave-Sluts...I mustn't keep them waiting. I'm sure they miss me. And in spite of myself, I miss them as well."

Meanwhile Amy and Ashley had been having fun inside a plus-sized sleeping bag. It was perfect, both for obscuring the lovers and for trapping whatever gas they released inside. 

Originally they had just intended to step some time outside in the front yard, talking. For a while it went as they planned, but eventually they got ideas. 

So they writhed about in a tightly enclosed space and in total darkness, shamelessly and constantly feeding each other their farts. After a couple of minutes of blind caresses and a great deal of gas inhalation, they managed to bring each other to orgasm. 

Then they collapsed, the only thing the exhausted women could do (besides minor movements) was fart (which they subsequently did a lot of). 

Veronica arrived a while later, making good time as there wasn't a lot of traffic at this time of night. She saw the sleeping bag with the two bulges inside. 

"Naughty girls. I think I shall discipline you. Thought it's more of a reward than a punishment, as I like it when my Slave-Sluts misbehave."

The first thing she did was open the sleeping bag and pull them both out onto the grass.

"Sleeping bag, huh? Clever." Veronica smiled at the barely awake lovers.

"Mistress?" Ashley softly moaned.

Amy was equally tired, "We made you a tape. It's not much Mistress, just us making out in the bathtub."

Veronica nodded, "You're not porn stars. Just young adults. At any rate, you'll like this. Just go with it."

So Amy and Ashley waited. Veronica pulled out some rope, a pair of blindfolds, three masks, and a strap-on.

Amy asked, "Why only one?"

Veronica smiled, "Because I've already taken your anal virginity, not hers."

Ashley's eyes widened.

Veronica nodded, "Yes Ashley. That's one of the reasons I'm here."

Veronica then arranged the two women in a 69 position, telling them to latch their lips onto each other's assholes and not to take them off.

"Now don't move. Breathe through your noses." Veronica said softly.

Then Veronica proceeded to tie both women tightly together in such as a way as to render them almost completely immobile. Now neither woman could get their mouths off the other's anus. Their arousal skyrocketed, their pussy juices soaking each other's throats. Finally she blindfolded them both.

"A vicious cycle indeed. When one of you farts, it goes into the other's system. When that woman farts it out, it goes right back into the first woman. And the cycle continues." Veronica said her voice full of lust and her expression depraved.

Veronica cast a pair of spells, one for each woman. The spell was designed to last only a very short period of time, about 15 minutes. 

It basically caused uncontrollable flatulence in whatever woman it was cast on. Once it was cast on a woman, she would produce enormous amounts of gas and release it without end until the spell wore off.

Both women groaned in muffled surprise as their stomachs rapidly swelled up with a ludicrous amount of gas. Then that gas was explosively expelled without any control or end into their mouths. 

Amy unlocked her farts into Ashley's mouth and down into her stomach. Ashley's overpressurized system, already tight with gas, didn't have any more room for the extra farts. 

So Ashley farted some of the extra gas down Amy's throat. So the cycle began in earnest: each woman rapidly releasing the excess flatulence into the other's body, who in turn sent those farts right back into the original woman, and so on. 

For 15 minutes this went on without end, sending both women into ceaseless ecstasy. Neither woman wished it would come to an end, but it did. When the two exhausted women recovered, and were untied Veronica asked a new question:

"How about a little walk, on all fours perhaps? Something different?"

"But Mistress, if you are seen with us our secret teacher-student relationship will be discovered."

"Relax. None of us will be recognized, we'll be wearing masks that cover our entire heads. No one would ever suspect that a pair of oh-so perfect female teenage students would do something like this, and certainly not with their teacher. If anyone sees us, they'll assume we are some perverted couple and complain the next day about it. But I understand your concern: if a teacher is seen with her students, that relationship will be broken apart by force if necessary. That's why I didn't want you to make out in public, they would eventually trace that back to me. And they would be correct: as far as I know, you are only lesbians because of the spell I cast on you. Eventually though, I'm going to release you from that spell and see if you still want to continue. I have to know."

Ashley signed, "I can't promise you Mistress that your Slave-Sluts won't turn on you if you do that. My old self is still very much in me. I'd most likely betray you as soon as the spell was released. So would Amy."

Veronica nodded, "That's why I'm going to wait a while. So, are you interested in doing something naughty? It'll be fun."

At that moment, two collars were tossed in front of them. 

"I won't walk you on the asphalt, just the grass near the sidewalk. It's very late at night and quite dark; I seriously doubt anyone would see us. This neighborhood is so normal, there isn't even a serious police attempt to monitor it because there's never really been a need to. Your call, your Mistress commands you to decide freely on this one." said the chubby high school teacher softly, adjusting her somewhat oversized glasses.

Ashley smiled, "Sounds liberating, doing something so taboo."

Amy nodded, "Completely naked, on all fours, being walked like a bitch. Interesting. So public and yet so private."

Veronica laughed, "Let's get it started."

So Veronica placed the collars on the two women, and attached leashes to those collars. Finally the masks were put on. 

Ashley's pussy was absolutely soaked, there was something amazing depraved about this. She was in plain sight of the whole neighborhood, and yet felt incredibly unashamed. 

Her Mistress then put on a particularly hedonistic outfit, now looking like the role she had assumed over both cheerleaders. It looked extremely good on her, as it left little to the imagination. 

With both of the long leashes in one hand (and the strap-on in the other), Veronica led the two Slave-Sluts forward. Ashley felt a giddy sense of lewd excitement as she and Amy moved forward on their hands and knees as if they were Veronica's pets. Veronica went slow, not wanted to tax them. 

For a while they went forward, completely naked. Then Ashley suddenly let out a barking noise. 

"Aw, you are such a good little bitch." said Veronica, quickly following Ashley's lead. "That's a good doggy."

Ashley was having a lot of lewd fun acting like this in front of her Mistress. She let out a tight bark of approval as Veronica gently patted her head. 

Amy followed suit. She growled slightly pretending to sense danger, and then started to bark. 

"Down girl!" said Veronica.

So Amy and Ashley progressively acted more and more like dogs as Veronica led them down the street. Both women felt increasingly bolder in their horniness. 

The more animal-like they behaved, the horny they got. Soon they were sniffing Veronica's ass and pussy as if they were bitches in heat. 

It wasn't long before they were trying to lick Veronica, with their Mistress role-playing the disapproving owner. 

Veronica whispered to the two cheerleaders, "Play along."

Veronica now fully embraced the part of an increasingly turned on dog owner, having trouble fighting her urges not to be fucked by her dogs. 

"You two need to behave right this instant! Bad, bad doggy!" Veronica said in mock-scolding.

She then bent over, pretending to pick something up, presenting her asshole to Ashley.

Ashley took the cue, barked once, and started to lick her Mistress's anus.

Veronica exclaimed in faux surprise: "Oh! My! That felt....good. But...I mustn't."

At that point, Amy bounded up and began to lick Veronica's clit.

"Oh God! My dogs are turning me on! So....nice! But I mustn't let myself...well....maybe...so good!" Veronica was really enjoying this.

Both Ashley and Amy continued to play the part of Veronica's disobedient dogs, and continued licking her.

"I...must not....feels so good...so very good! I need...to be fucked....I need it now!" Veronica almost laughed out loud, though her arousal was definitely real. 

At that point, Veronica pretended to be a female pet owner submitting to her dogs. She tossed the strap-on to Ashley.

Ashley caught on quickly, putting on the strap-on dildo. Now she embraced the new role Veronica had assigned her, and now plunged the dildo into Veronica's saliva-covered anus.

"Oh God! My dog is fucking me so good! Oh YES! YES! FUCK ME! OH GOD THAT FEELS GOOD! Don't stop! Please don't stop! Yes! YES! FUCK ME GOOD, BECAUSE I'M YOUR BITCH!" Veronica had to tone down her voice as she didn't want to wake up the neighborhood, even as the role-playing and Ashley fucking her like a dog sent her into ecstasy. 

Finally she orgasmed explosively. Afterwards Veronica fed Ashley and Amy a series of chain-farts to sate their need for her gas. As soon as she collected her wits, Veronica realized that in those moments...Mistress and Slave-Slut had briefly switched roles...even if it was a pretend submission. 

"So what do we do now?" Asked Ashley.

Veronica exhaled, and smiled, "We go back to your house, and I fuck you both senseless."

Ashley nodded, and handed the strap-on back to her Mistress..........