 I was enjoying my final year in high school when Marco and her family moved into the house across the street from me. They had emigrated from France. It was just Marco, her Mom & Dad and her tall, beautiful sister Angela.

Marco and I became instant friends. She went to the same high school as me and she was in my toughest class, Algebra. At least, it was tough for me...easy for her.

Being from France, her toughest class was American History. We had that class together too. We rode the bus to and from school everyday. After school, we did mountains of homework together.

I loved being around her because she was always laughing and she made me feel good. She had to be the happiest girl I've ever known.

Marco was really pretty. She had short brown hair, deep brown eyes and a wonderful smile. She had small breast. But her breasts were a tad bigger than mine.

Marco's sister, Angela was truly beautiful. She was two years older than us. She was about twenty years old. She was a freshman in the local college. She was tall, slim and had large breast. 

I had been enjoying the pleasures of masturbation for awhile. In fact, I was becoming sexually addicted to my pillow. I love to grind my clitoris against my pillow when I masturbate. My Mom was the only person on the planet that knew I masturbated. 

The only reason she knew was because she walked into my room and caught right in the middle of an incredible orgasm. I didn't even know she was standing there until after I had orgasmed.

She was cool about it. She said that what I was doing was both normal and healthy. Masturbation was something that was absolutely wonderful to me. But I never discussed it with my friends. Masturbation was my very intimate secret.

Marco didn't have a boyfriend but I knew she was straight. I had tried to get her to talk about boyfriends and lesbians and stuff like that once, but she didn't show any interest in the subject. We had to much other stuff to talk about anyway.

One night, while I was trying to studying for an Algebra test. I realized that I was lost. I knew that Marco was an expert on the subject. So, I walked across the street to her house. Angela let me in and sent me to Marco's room. 

When I approched her bedroom door, I thought I heard a moan. I stopped at her door and listened. I heard another soft moan coming from the other side of her door.

My heart started racing. Was it possible? Was she masturbating? I had to know. I slowly opened her bedroom door. Her bedside lamp was on. 

She was under her blanket, facing away from the door. I could see her hips moving under her blanket. Her hand was between her thighs. I could see her blanket moving up and down with the motion of her hand.

She groaned as she rolled towards the door. When she saw me, she screamed! She didn't know that I was there. Marco held the blankets up to her chin. I saw that her fingers were glistening with her wetness. 

I just stood there and looking at her. It was obvious that she was masturbating. She was really out-of-breath and sweaty.

I asked her if she was playing with herself. But, she denied it. I could have argued and said that I knew what she was doing...but I didn't want to embarrass her anymore than I already had. 

To be honest, we were both young and masturbating was something that was very private for us. We didn't know how to talk about it. It was just to embarrassing. 

About a week later, my parents were arguing. I didn't want to hear them so I decided to see if Marco would let me sleep at her house. It was kind of late when I got there. Her sister was on her way out for a date and she told me to go to Marco's. Her parents were gone for the weekend.

When I got back to her bedroom, she was already in her bed. I notice that she was completely naked under her blanket...and she had been masturbating...again!

She stop when she saw me by her door. I walked into her room and sat on her bed. The musky scent of her arousal was obvious. She was out of breath and very sweaty. I didn't know if she had achieved orgasm yet. 

The thought of Marco, lying in bed, masturbating herself, really aroused me. I crossed my legs as I felt my clitoris coming alive with my own arousal. 

We talked for a minute. I told her about my parents fighting and I asked if I could sleep with her. She said I could.

I asked if she always slept in the nude. She said that she did. Without saying another word, I began to undress in front of her. I felt her eyes on me as I pulled off my jeans and panties. My panties were a little wet and I'm sure she notice that...but she didn't say anything.

I pulled off my t-shirt and bra. I stood in front her and let her eyes wonder over my naked body. After she got a good eye full, I climbed into her bed. 

To this day, I have know idea why I did that little strip show for her. But she seemed amused and we were both laughing as I got under the blanket with her.

I felt an erotic thrill run through me as I realize that I was lying in bed, naked, with a girl whom I suspected had been masturbating just a few minutes ago. I could still smell her arousal.

We laid there and talking about boys and school...soon, we just fell asleep. I vaguely remember hearing Marco's sister coming home from her date. 

I guess it was about two o'clock in the morning when Marco and I woke-up to the sounds of her sister's bed squeaking. At first, we just looked at each other. We thought her sister had brought a lover home. 

Then we heard Angela moan. It sounded exactly like my Mom's moans when her and Dad are making-love.

We had to see what she was doing. We sneaked out of bed and crept down the hall towards Angela's bedroom. We were in such a hurry that we didn't bother to put anything on...we were still naked! 

Angela's door was about half open. We could see a soft light coming from her room as we approach it. When we got to her room, we saw that she had lit several candles. 

We also saw that she was masturbating! She was masturbating like I do...with her pillow between her legs. 

Her feet were towards the door so she didn't see us watching her. She was holding the pillow in place with her hand and was fucking-it as hard as she could. She was moaning and groaning as she humped the pillow. 

I became very wet standing there watching her. I felt my clitoris come alive with desire. I felt a drop of wetness inching it's way down the inside of my thigh. 

I wiped the wetness from my thigh and pussy with my fingers. But it didn't help. I was beginning to drip. When I touched myself, I almost started to masturbate right there, in the hallway...but I didn't. 

Marco was standing next to me. From the corner of my eyes, I saw her hand go between her legs. She slowly begin to rub herself. 

The scent of female sex was every where. We could smell the intoxicating fragrance of Angela's sexuality coming from her open door. 

Angela put her hand between her pillow and her pussy. We could see her long fingers making circles against her clitoris. She plunged her fingers deep into her vagina and groaned as she finger fucked herself.

Marco and I couldn't move. We just stood by Angela's door and watched in amazement. Neither of us had ever seen anyone masturbate before.

Angela sat-up and rolled her pillow into a tight ball. Then, she placed it between her legs and start fucking-it. We could see that her pillow was drenched from her wetness.

She moaned and groaned as she pounded her sopping wet pussy against her pillow. Suddenly, Angela burst into orgasm! Her hips were a blur as she fucked her pillow as hard as she could. 

She groaned one long groan as she came. Then, she rolled over onto her back and attacked her clitoris with her fingers. 

She went MAD!!! We could hear the wet sounds her fingers made as she plunged her fingers deep inside her vagina. 

Marco was rubbing her pussy faster and faster. I heard her breathing hard next to me. I thought that Marco was going to bring herself to orgasm right there. But she didn't.

Then Angela brought herself to another orgasm. She almost screamed as she came! We watched her grind the heel of her hand into her clitoris as she came.

We knew that she might be finished. We absolutely did not want her to catch us spying on her. Marco and I raced back to our bed. 

When we got back to Marco's room. Marco got into bed and immediately began masturbating with her fingers. Her face was a mast of passion. 

Her bedside lamp was still on and I could see everything. She didn't try to hide her masturbation under her blanket. She was laying in the middle of the bed.

It was the first time that I had actually seen her doing-it. I couldn't take my eyes off of her as she pleasured herself in front of me.

The sight of her masturbating mesmerized me. She didn't say a word, she just started doing-it. 

I could stop myself from doing-it too. I lay down next to her and let my fingers pull at my swollen labia lips. I let my thumb rub against my erect clitoris.

Each time my thumb touched my clitoris, I felt an erotic bolt of pleasure course through me.

I look at Marco. Her eyes were close. She was breath really hard through her nose. Her right hand was furiously rubbing her pussy while she gripped the sheets with her left hand. I could see her wetness glistening on her fingers. 

She was so into-it! She seems to have forgotten that I was lying next to her in bed. I leaned over her and watched her face closely as she reached the point of no return. 

Then she said through gritted teeth, "Kala...I can't hold it!" As soon as she said that, she burst into orgasm! She moaned loudly as she came. 

She threw her head from side to side as she orgasmed. Her hips literally bounce off the bed. Fingers were a blur as she frantically rubbed her clitoris. 

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Sure, I had suspected that she masturbated...but to actually watch her doing-it! WOW! 

As she began to calm down, I knew that I had to bring myself to orgasm fast. First seeing Angela doing-it...then watching Marco...I felt like I was going insane! The insides of my thighs were coated with my wetness.

I lay down and let my fingers dance over my clitoris. I knew that Marco was watching me masturbate...but I didn't care. Hell, I wanted her to watch...I wanted the whole world to watch me masturbate. 

I could feel Marco hot breath on my skin as she got as close as she could to me. I heard her whisper, "Damn Kala...you're beautiful." 

Her loving words propelled me towards my goal. I slid my fingers deep into my vagina knowing that she was watching me. I could hear my wetness. I could feel my wetness as it ran down between my ass cheeks. 

I want to say something sexy...but I couldn't talk. Waves upon waves of sexual pleasure roared through me as I began to rub my engorged clitoris faster. 

I couldn't hold back any longer. I was right on the edge of orgasm. I was franticly rubbing my clitoris with my fingers faster and fast. My hips was moving to it's own sexual rhythm. 

Marco saw how close I was to orgasm. She lowered her head and sucked my erect nipple into her hot mouth. She started pinching my other nipple with her fingers.

Finally, I closed my eyes and I let my orgasm consume me. My orgasm bloomed inside of me. Then it burst into a tidal wave of orgasmic pleasure. 

I groaned as the first orgasm burst within me. I let my fingers continue to dance on my clitoris until a brought myself to a second, excruciating orgasm. 

I groaned as my body rocked from side to side. Marco had let my nipple go. I saw her leaning over me. She was watching my face as I climaxed. 

Then, just as I was calming down from my two mind-blowing orgasms...Marco kissed me. It was a long, passionate kiss. 

This was the first time that we have ever had any sexual contact with each other. I knew that we should not be kissing...but her lips were so soft and gentle. 

I reached up and pulled her into my arms as our kisses deepen. I couldn't stop myself from wanting her. I allowed her tongue to enter my mouth and dance with my tongue. 

I felt Marco getting on top of me. She didn't do it quickly. Instead, as we kissed, she slowly climb on top of me. I felt her fine wet pubic hairs on my thigh. 

She began to grind herself against me. I felt her wetness on my thigh. I held her tight as I felt her small naked breast against mine. 

Her thigh nestled against my very wet pussy. I moaned as she began to pinch my nipples with her fingers. Our kiss became even more intimate as she began to masturbate herself against me. 

We were both so sexually aroused that we just lost control. It was incredible! I knew Marco was getting close to orgasm. She was literally pounding her sopping wet pussy against my thigh. 

I wanted her come on me. I held her tightly in my arms. I began to kiss her neck. I dragged my tongue up to her ear and began sucking on her ear lob. 

As I began kissing her neck and ears, Marco went ballistic. I felt her body begin to shake as she furiously masturbated herself against me. 

I reach between her thighs and started rubbing her pussy. I felt the hard knot of her clitoris. I felt her wetness as she fucked my hand. I let my fingers enter her vagina.

When I did that, she exploded in orgasm. I felt her hot wetness gushing out of her. She groaned loudly in my ear. 

I felt her body literally pulsating in orgasm. I held her as tightly as I could as her orgasm consumed her.

This was too much for me. I need to come again. I start grind myself against her thigh. I couldn't come while lying on my back. I need more pressure against my clitoris. 

I rolled her over and mounted her. She did not resist. I started grinding my clitoris against her pelvis bone just like I do my pillow at home. 

Marco knew that I need to come again. She slid her hand between us just like I had just done to her a minute ago. I could feel her finger against my clitoris. 

I lifted myself and let Marco's fingers slide deep into my vagina. Then, I lowered myself and started fucking her hand.

I was sloppy wet. The wet, slick sounds of my pussy, grinding against Marco's hand, seemed to echo off the walls. I was on top of her and I was literally riding her. 

It only took about a minute before I burst into orgasm. My hips were a blur as my orgasm detonated within me. I groan loudly as my orgasm swept me away.

Incredibly, I felt like I was on the verge of another orgasm. I felt my orgasmic contractions deep inside me as I went wild!!! 

I continued to grind myself against Marco as hard and fast as I could. Suddenly, I burst into another orgasm. I actually yelled when I came again. 

I knew that she was getting soaked from me. It was so intense! Marco held me in her arms as I masturbated myself against her. 

Finally, my orgasm began to subside. I didn't have the strength to get up so I just lay in her arms. We were both covered with sweat. We were breathing like a couple of racehorses at the end of a race.

Then, we heard a soft moan. When we looked up, Angela was standing by the door watching us. Marco pushed me off of her and tried to cover herself with her blanket. 

I just covered my eyes and prayed that her sister wouldn't kill me. I wanted to turn-off our bedside lamp...but it was too late for that. 

Angela said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you girls. I just thought I'd check to see if you two were asleep. Obviously, you two were no-where near sleep, were you?" 

We did not answer her. We were in total shock. We were both completely naked. Our young bodies was covered in sweat. 

The musky scent of our sweat and our sexual arousal hung heavily in the small bedroom. Our sheets were soak with our lust. We were busted!!

Angela gave us one more look. Then, surprising us both. She smiled at Marco and said, "at least Kala can't get you pregnant." With that said, she closed our door and went back to her room. 

Marco and just l sat there wordlessly and looked at each other. We couldn't believe what we had just happened. 

After a minute, Marco leaned to me and gently kissed me on the lips. I put my hand behind her head and pulled her to me as I laid down. We fall asleep in each other's arms.