 As I awoke it felt as if a freight train was actually traveling through my head. I immediately hugged the pillow again. 'Too much wine last night' was the main thought going through my mind. Of course, without all that wine, I probably would not have experienced one of the best nights of my life. Despite the freight train rattling around in my head, I smiled as I closed my eyes and relived what had happened just a few hours ago. The memory brought some relief.

When I came home from work yesterday, Josh, my boyfriend of 10 months, was sitting on my porch waiting for me. I ran up to him and tried to give him a kiss, but he pushed me away and told me we had to talk. Warning bells went off. Did he lose his job? Did someone die? Looking miserable, he sat back down on the porch swing. Giving him a moment to compose himself, I joined him on the swing. 

"Baby, you know I love you. This is really hard for me to tell you this."

He took my hand in his. He looked to be in agony. My thoughts went to his grandmother, who we both loved with all of our hearts. Did something happen to her?

"Is it Granny?", I asked with rising panic in my voice.

"No..no..I ...shit, hon. This isn't working, me and you. I love you, I swear I do.. but..."

I went half numb with shock. I thought I would be spending the rest of my life with Josh. He tried to explain why he couldn't be with me any longer. ". No matter what he said, the words "We are through" was all I could hear. He tried to ease my shock some, no doubt, but in the end, he simply walked off of my porch and out of my life.

I sat there staring into space for a while, the reality not really hitting home. As I stood up and walked into my now "empty" house, overwhelming pain seized me along with denial. I looked around and some of the memories of our relationship began to relive themselves in my imagination. I needed to blank this pain out.

I went inside and grabbed a bottle of wine from the fridge. I laughed ironically, remembering that we had bought this bottle together, planning on toasting mushy sentiments to each other in front of the fireplace one evening. Anger began to well up inside me now - "Well.. fuck.. I can't let this go to waste now, can I?" I had started the fire and drank from the bottle as I stared into the flames. I must have sat there for hours, ignoring everything but the sweet warm liquid as it erased my pain and reduced the anger temporarily. 

I felt a tap on my shoulder and dropped the bottle. For a split second I thought that maybe Josh had had second thoughts. Turning around, I saw my best friend Cheri close to me. She took one look at my face and dropped to her knees, pulling me close to her.

"What's wrong, sweetie?", she had asked so softly, her question tinged with fear. 

I couldn't talk; reality came swarming back. The tears that I had so successfully managed to hide for the past few hours suddenly surfaced again. I just curled into her, feeling so small as she wrapped her arms around me.

"Talk to me, hon. - I saw your lights on but you did not answer your phone. I was so worried."

She told me that she had let herself in with the key I had given her because I had not answered her knocking at my door either. 

Between my muffled sobs I finally managed to get a few words together:

"Josh... it's over.. he.. he broke up with.. me.", I managed to cry out.

She had proven to be a good friend. She didn't say she was sorry, she didn't bad mouth him. She simply got up and got two more bottles of wine from the fridge and sat beside me. Opening them for us, she took a swig from her bottle and held my hand, telling me she loved me and she was there for me. We sat there just drinking, not talking much, losing ourselves into the flames. By this point, I was feeling pretty mellow from the second bottle of wine. 

"Lay on your tummy, I know just what you need.", she whispered to me. 

As if in a trance, I listened. She started rubbing my back, talking softly to me about our high school pranks, our trip to Disney World, our dreams of our grandchildren playing together one day. Her voice was very serene, very hypnotic. I felt myself starting to relax even more. 

"Sit up for a minute, hon. I can make this even better."

I sat up, just looking at her. She raised my arms and took my shirt off, then wrapped her arms around me and unsnapped my bra, letting it fall between us. She looked me in the eyes and smiled. Her smile told me volumes... I still had her, I always would. I lay back on my tummy, wearing only my skirt and panties now. She had such a gentle touch. Massaging me again, she continued to talk about our past and our dreams.

"There's one dream I never told you, sweetie."

"What's that?", I mumbled.

"I have always had this dream of.... you."

Cheri stopped massaging me with her hands and leaned down, licking the small of my back slowly. I just lay there in my drunken haze, confused.... 'of me'? She started kissing her way up my back, to my shoulders, my neck, nibbling on my ears.

"You are so beautiful. Let me take your pain away tonight."

I turned over, now lying on my back, looking at her. She gave me that special smile again. She reached down and took both of my nipples between her fingers, squeezing them softly. She started sucking on my left nipple while pinching my right one harder. Uncontrollably, I moaned... she knew my weakness... that my nipples were extremely sensitive. She expertly removed my skirt and panties with one hand, never abandoning my nipples.

I was totally naked in front of my best friend...who was sucking my nipples! I tried to comprehend what was truly happening but my thoughts kept getting interrupted. Cheri would suck my nipples then tease them unmercifully by pinching and tugging on them even harder. Her fingers slid down my tummy, running through my pubic hair, finally resting on my clit. My legs spread on their own free will. 

"You are so fucking beautiful...I have always wanted to do this to you."

She straddled my body, one leg on each side, and looked down at me. Feeling her clothed body against my nudeness made me squirm even more. She traced my lips with her fingers, parting them slightly. Sliding one finger in, she moaned softly as my tongue betrayed me and welcomed her. 

She was being so soft, so sensual. I simply stopped thinking at this point and sucked her finger into my mouth slowly. Tomorrow I would think of the ramifications of this, but for now, I needed this love. She moved her finger in my mouth, teasing my tongue. I tried to sit up, but she wouldn't allow me.

"Sweets, this is for you...just lose yourself in me." She was so generous with her healing touches. She slid her finger out of my mouth and kneeled down beside me. Running her tongue over my lips, she finally slid it in. Our tongues did an erotic dance together. She left nothing untouched, nor did I. I am a huge fan of kissing - I could do just that for hours. I have only kissed guys in the past and have gotten to the point of near orgasm simply from that. I thought I knew all there was about it, but I was proven wrong. She explored every bit of my mouth, our tongues sparred with each other, nothing was left untouched. 

I was shaking from the intensity of our kiss. I could feel how wet I was becoming. She teased my lips once more before moving down slightly. Her tongue left a wet trail down my throat, along my neck. She continued her tongue bath at my breasts. Licking every bit of them before moving on towards my nipples, Cheri took one in her mouth, tugging on it. I couldn't stop moaning, it felt so good. She licked, sucked, tugged, bit. 

I have the type of nipples where I can cum just from extreme stimulation to them, but she wasn't about to let me do that. She licked downwards, tickling my belly button with her tongue. She spread my legs further apart and laid down between them on her tummy. I rested on my elbows, wanting to see as much as I could. She stared at my pussy for a minute, a look of complete and utter love evident in her gaze. I have never felt so loved just from a look before. She traced my pussy lips with her finger, getting some of my juices on it. Smiling up at me, she slid her finger in her mouth, tasting me. 

I couldn't stop myself from shaking. Cheri's smile, her look, just the total experience had me forgetting everything but her. She slid her tongue between my pussy lips, tasting even more of my juices. Her fingers teased my clit as she slid her tongue into me as far as she could. She started to slowly make love to me with her tongue. I usually like oral to be fast, because I would rather please than be pleased, but this...it was so new, so wonderful...I didn't want it to ever end. She tasted every bit of me, jabbing her tongue everywhere, twisting it to reach far away spots, lapping up every drop of my juices. 

Her finger massaged my clit as she did this. Taking it between two fingers, she rubbed it a bit harder and faster. My hips were raised, trying to meet this sweet assault head on, thrusting towards her. She alternated her technique every few minutes. Her tongue would be inside me as her fingers played with my clit, then she would move her tongue to my clit as she finger fucked me. GOD, how fucking sweet she is. 

I didn't think I could take anymore...I wanted to cum so badly. Every time I would get close though, she would back off, wanting to prolong her sweet torture. She removed her fingers from my pussy and didn't lick them this time. Instead, she slid her hand under me. I nearly came when I felt her finger sliding into my ass. She teased me unmercifully until I couldn't wait any longer. The feelings building up inside me were too much.

With her finger in my ass, her tongue in my pussy, and another two fingers on my clit, I thrust toward her one final time. The feelings that coursed through me were like those I had only read about. It was the longest orgasm of my life. She didn't stop what she was doing. Instead she increased her speed, bringing me to a second orgasm within minutes. By the time she had licked up every drop of me, I had cum more times than I ever had at one time before. 

She crawled back up to lay beside me, kissing me softly one last time. I wanted to please her, but she wouldn't allow me. She explained that she wanted me to have time to think about it, she didn't want me to do anything I may later regret. She held me throughout the night, talking more about life and our dreams. Eventually I fell asleep in her arms. When I woke up, she was gone.

I know it wasn't a dream. My best friend made love to me as no one ever had before. She was completely unselfish, wanting only to ease my pain. The pain is still there, of course. My love for Josh wont disappear overnight. What she did has put it in a new perspective though. Never before have I been so cared about. It opened my eyes to the different ways that I let Josh take advantage of me, and how I catered to him without getting a lot in return. 

Yeah, the pain is still there.. but so is a chance for new opportunities. I'll be okay, I know I will.