 Hailey was on top of me. She was hungrily kissing my mouth. She was more aggressive than the previous times we had kissed. More passionate. More insistent.

But I wasn't holding back either. I was kissing her back. It felt so good. Her lips were soft and warm and wet. Our mouths felt made for each other.

I should have stopped her but the sensations she was causing throughout my body were too intense. She had slipped one hand up under my shirt and bra and was squeezing my breast with each kiss. The softness of her fingers, the skill at which she was touching me made me feel like I was losing my mind. I gasped when she trapped my nipple between two fingers and then pinched and tugged at it. I shivered when she nipped and my lips with teeth. She sparked a fire and it was spreading throughout my body.

Her kisses were making my entire body pulsate in a way my boyfriend could never do.

She was making me forget I even had a boyfriend. Who would want a boyfriend when Hailey could do so much with just a kiss?

Our boyfriends had gone off to do something, somewhere... It didn't matter. Fuck, I didn't care. All I wanted was for Hailey to continue what she was doing to me. She had her tongue in my mouth and I couldn't get enough of it. She was my best friend and she was making me feel so good.

We'd never gone this far before but today we were really losing control. We were going all out. It was heavenly.

Each of her kisses made me feel like I was going to melt away. Every time I reminded myself that I was making out with another girl it made it that much more intense. My mouth, my body, my soul were all hers for the taking. The feel of the weight of her body stretched out over me was both familiar and strange. She didn't weigh nearly as much as my boyfriend or any of the boys I had fucked before. Her body was so different from theirs. It was amazing: soft, smooth, delightful. She didn't have an expanding bulge that would nudge against my groin but the pressure of her thigh was making me not care about that. It was dizzying even through the material of our jeans.

If I had ever been honest with myself I would have admitted I liked kissing her better than anyone else. I liked making out with her more than anyone else. I couldn't remember when we first started kissing one another. But the kissing had led to making out and today that would lead us even further.

Just thinking about where we were headed scared me and excited me even more. There was no denial now. She was free to do whatever she wanted to me.

I had my leg wrapped around her leg and we pressed our bodies together. Her thigh was against my groin. My thigh was against hers. I somehow had slipped one of my hands under the waist of her jeans and was returning every tug she made on my nipple by squeezing her ass. It was so smooth and soft compared to the hairy ass of my boyfriend. She shifted a bit and my hand slipped between her cheeks and for the briefest of moments I felt my finger slide by her ass hole. I resisted the urge to jerk my hand out and instead I let my finger linger there. I drew a circle around it. She moaned into my mouth and tugged on my hair as her tongue flopped and flittered against my tongue.

Her hip bones pressed down against mine and I had a momentary worry that she'd bruise me but I didn't fucking care. I would wear any bruises from her like badges of honor.

That would be an interesting conversation to have with my boyfriend. Oh, these bruises? You just wouldn't understand.

I was falling in love with the way she knew her way around my body. Sure, we had made out before but this was so much more. She instinctively knew when to change from man-handling my boob to gently dragging her nails along the skin of my side. From the edge of my bra to my waist, barely perceivable, her fingernails traced the line of my body, eliciting goosebumps and sending chills through me.

I wanted her to fuck me. I never wanted her to stop fucking me.

What had started as a playful kissing session had certainly escalated.

My face felt wet with her kisses and I found myself pulling on her lips with mine with an eagerness equal to hers. Every touch, every movement made my body clench tighter. At some point, it would explode.

My tongue was lapping against hers, the rough textures brushing back and forth before swirling in her mouth, then my mouth. My hips were rising up, fueled by an instinct to meet the pressure from her thigh and I could feel the heat of her crotch against my thigh so I pressed against it harder. She gasped suddenly in my mouth and I grabbed at her waist and ass to keep her from toppling to the floor. Or worse, simply pulling away.

Every once in awhile panicked thoughts would pass through me. Oh my god! What am I doing? We are getting out of hand! We have to stop! But ignored them and focused on the other thoughts. This feels too good! I want to put my finger in her ass.

I thought for a moment that our boyfriends had returned or I had spoken one of my thoughts out loud because she suddenly stopped kissing me. She paused and brushed her hair out of my face. Her eyes darted over my face and she looked like a wild animal. Fierce. Hungry. Ravenous. In heat. I was her prey.

I tried to pull her back down on top of me, back to my body, back to my lips, but she shifted her position. The pressure from her thigh felt like it might split me in two. I wished for a moment that she had been a guy so she could ram her cock into me. The tension that she was building inside me needed to be released and she needed to be the one to release it. Only she could do these things to me.

I need you inside me. I thought to myself.

I tried to tell my body to calm down but she let me pull her face back to mine and we kissed again. So sweet. So light. My heart shattered in my chest.

"Dylan..." she breathed my name lustily against my lips. "I..." She did not finish her thought but bit her lip and squeezed her tongue into my mouth again, I surrendered my mouth to her. Her spit mixed with mine. She had goosebumps all along her arms and I wondered if she was as close to losing it as I was. She clenched her thighs around mine squeezing against her groin then rocking against it. She was fucking me with her thigh.

I squeezed my thigh against her and felt her face grimace against mine. I twisted under her weight to make the best contact and pulled back my head as a hiss escaped my mouth when she sent pleasure tingling through my spine.

Fuck common sense. Fuck rational thought. Fuck me. We'd gone too far to stop now, and, fuck, I wanted her to finish the job.

I wanted her to make me cum.

"We're doing this... We're really doing this?" I asked or stated from underneath her. I wasn't sure if it was a question or a demand. Her response was going to be the same in either case. She squeezed her tongue into my mouth again and sucked my lips into hers. Her thighs clenched mine as she rocked against me.

That panicked voice in the back of my head managed one last shout before it joined the joyful chorus. It was bad enough that I kissing my best friend. It was bad enough that our playful kissing session on the sofa had turned into a make-out session. But now, now we were going to have sex. Any thought of pushing from on top of me and trying to laugh it all off was gone. The only things I wanted to push off were my clothes and hers. I wanted to feel her naked against me.

Her face was all I could see but I found myself remembering her body. She had looked so beautiful tonight. Her outfit had been so cute. She was always beautiful but today she had been especially so. I thought maybe I had instigated this session. Her outfit had been so cute. Her hair perfect. She smelled so yummy. Did I start this?

She was always beautiful but today she had been especially so. I thought maybe I had instigated this session. Her outfit had been so cute. Her hair perfect. She smelled so yummy. Did I start this?

Each kiss, each tug, each grind pushed me closer to the moment. The tension was expanding inside me as she tightened the spring. Every inch, every fiber of my being was filled with it. I was moaning into her mouth when it finally broke loose. The first wave exploded and crashed out through my body. I felt it in my breasts, through my belly, in my legs, and in my pussy. The wave crashed with so much heat and wetness I felt a ripple of embarrassment flowing after it as I moaned her name and arched my body into hers.

Each movement of our legs simply confirmed that my panties had become a slippery mess. Churning my juices against my body, squeezing my wetness into every fold, every nook of my pussy. I don't think anyone had ever made me cum so hard. It was like I had never cum before. And my body wasn't done yet. New waves formed and trembled through me as I breathed harshly into her mouth.

I felt Hailey cry into my mouth and knew she was breaking apart inside. Her voice sounded harsh and angry but her face was joyous. I drove my thigh against her pussy fiercely and she swore into my mouth but smiled and pushed her flesh against me. I could feel the wave moving through her body and crashing through her pussy against my thigh. Just the thought of the pleasure she was feeling was enough to trigger another crest of pleasure. I closed my eyes for a moment and just let this feeling take over my mind and body.

I felt weightless. She felt like comfort on top of me.

I realized that Hailey was just laying on top of me breathing against my neck, her face buried in my hair and her hair draped over my face. It smelled of fruits and flowers and I felt strands of it wrap around my tongue. She was clinging to me and I was clinging to her.

"I've wanted to feel like this with you for such a long time," she admitted in a hushed vulnerable whisper. "You never seemed to notice how I felt about you. Whenever we'd kiss before you would pull away... but tonight...tonight was different. Tonight will be so different..."

I was a little surprised at her words but held her to me and stroked the back of her head and neck with my hand. My thigh continued to rub her pussy. She lifted her face from my hair and rubbed her nose against mine.

"I love you, Dylan Hayes. I've loved you since the day we first met. I wanted to make love to you for so long. Since I before I even knew what it was," she said and then kissed my lips softly. I kissed her back. "I wanted to marry you," she continued. "I want to marry you and no one else." The words slowly registered in my mind. Each of them taking shape and meaning. Each statement careened through my mind and body. Her words and raw emotion shocked me more than any of the actions that led us to that moment.

"You want to marry me?" I asked trying to imagine marrying her. I'd never even thought about dating a girl before that moment. Well, not seriously. She was really the only other girl I'd ever kissed and every other time before we had always kept our antics under control, never getting too frisky. She had always been the boy crazy one. She never once said anything about liking girls.

Hailey nodded. "I could be Hailey Hayes then," she said grinning against my mouth. I kissed her again.

"So I'm the boy?" I asked her and she giggled and I felt it in my belly.

"God no. You could never be a boy," she said grinning. "I don't want you to be a boy. I want you to be you. The beautiful, sexy, adorable..." She paused for a moment then smiled sweetly. "But if you were a boy I'd have fucked you long, long ago." She laughed and I could tell she was feeling more confident about her confession even if I was still confused.

"If I were a boy I'd fuck your ass," I teased and slapped her bottom. I had never even thought about doing such a thing until that moment. Her ass was perfect and I knew from my brother that her ass was admired by every guy in school. "I kind of wished you were a boy a little earlier," I admitted.

"Why? Did you want my cock inside your naughty pussy?" she asked with a smirk. I nodded and blushed. She started kissing me passionately again. Then stopped and I could see her thinking.

"I don't want you to be a boy though. And I don't want to be a boy. I like the way we are now. Tits and ass and hair and legs and... So yummy," she said. "I want you just as you are. I just want to belong to you," she continued. "I wanted to be your best friend but now I want to be your girl... Your girlfriend. Your wife. Your lover... I want to belong to you..." Her words came in a rush but I did not doubt her sincerity. She put a hand on either side of my face to hold it in place while she kissed me again and again. Any thought of stopping was squashed by the desires building in my body. Fuck me more.

She stopped and stared at me for a while and I saw her swallow. She was searching for the courage to say even more. 

"I don't have a cock to fill you up with but I have a tongue and I want to taste you," she said and shifted her weight as she began to slip to the floor beside the sofa. "I want to taste your pussy. I want to see it..." She seemed to be begging me as she looked at my face expecting an answer.

Any thought of stopping her did not materialize in any movement in me. She pulled me around so that I was sitting as she knelt on the floor. She began to remove my jeans. Her fingers were light and careful, unlike the guys who had removed my jeans before. They had yanked and jerked with a roughness that often made me regret giving in to their needs regardless of how good their cocks had felt inside. But Hailey was different, she caressed me with her fingertips through the denim and I felt a shock as they passed close to where my clit was hidden beneath the clothes. She unbuttoned the jeans then slid the zipper down. Every tooth of the zipper seemed to hammer through my body.

This was as much for her as it was for me. She was getting off on pleasing me. I thought I might cum just watching her unzip my jeans.

Her eyes were fixed on my crotch, she looked hungry and afraid. My eyes were fixed on her. I could feel our anticipation growing. I watched as she pulled my jeans open and unveiled my soaked panties. They had become somewhat translucent with the wetness of my pussy and I felt a wash of embarrassment pass through me once again as she began to pull my jeans down. Why am I not stopping her? Why can't I resist?

"God, you're so wet," she said with a huge grin. She gave me a "Did I do that kind of look?" I nodded.

She was careful not to pull my panties off. I don't know if she was purposefully building up her anticipation or mine but she was savoring the moment. When my jeans were at my knees she caressed my panties with her face before finally tugging on the bottom of each leg of the jeans to pull them from my body.

She tossed them to one side and caressed my legs, commenting how soft and smooth they were. She told me how excited she felt every time she had seen me in a skirt or dress because of my long lovely legs and the thought of someday being tangled in them. She pushed my knees apart and began sucking and licking on the skin of my inner thigh. Close to my groin. Her eyes would make quick little glances at my pussy and I knew she really wanted to just dive in but she wanted to take her time.

I closed my eyes and felt the tension begin to build again.

I wanted to ask her if she had done anything like this before but I already knew the answer. I knew all the details of every guy she had been with and knew she'd sucked a few of them and knew how often they had left her wanting. She had always complained they did a piss poor job of eating her pussy so maybe that inspired her to take this approach towards my pussy. Regardless, Hailey would have told me if she had gone down on another girl before. Whatever the reason, however this was learned, it felt amazing. Whatever fantasies she had about me had been all the education she needed. Each step she made towards my pussy was something she had planned and thought out. Now faced with the real deal she wasn't going to mess up her dreams.

I watched as her lips and tongue moved from my skin to my panties. She was as zealous at sucking and licking the fabric as she had been kissing my mouth and kissing my thighs. She was moving her mouth against the fabric, against the folds of my pussy. It felt like she was making out with me again. If I could have kissed her back with my pussy I would have.

She looked up at me as she opened her mouth wide and stroked my pussy with it. Pulling her lips across the fabric as it slipped against my skin. I shivered.

She smiled and reached up and began pulling the drenched panties off. I lifted my ass and brought my knees closer together and she pulled them off. Slowly. She was still savoring the moment and so was I. She would look from my face to my pussy and back as she removed them. She made a disappointed face as they pulled clear of my pussy.

"What's that pout about?" I asked. I hoped I didn't smell rank or maybe I had peed and hadn't noticed, or worse...

"I was hoping for a cum string... or whatever it's called," she laughed and went back to work pulling them down my thighs and then off of me. A vision of a cum string flashed through my mind and the tension increased again.

"Your pussy is beautiful," she said, prompting me to blush and I felt myself get wetter.

She pushed my knees apart again and moved closer to me. She licked her lips and moved her face towards my pussy.

"Are you sure?" I asked her. It was probably far too late to ask silly questions now. If the positions had been reversed I could not be stopped from doing what she was about to do to me.

"Absolutely," she said, nodding. I could feel her hair brushing against my thighs and it felt so amazing. Then I felt her tongue tracing a line in the crease between my thigh and the lips of my pussy. Her tongue was amazing. She stroked it along back to front then lightly gnawed on the tender spots of my thigh. She then licked the lips, painting them carefully. Each of my breaths seemed to come out like the bounce of a ball. Oof... Oof... Oof... And Hailey moved closer towards my opening and my clit.

But when I was sure she would lick straight through me and to my clit she changed tactics. The tension built. Frustration and anticipation were intermingling now. I wanted her lips, her tongue, her mouth. I wanted her in me, over me, through me. I wanted to moan her name. And I did.

"Hailey... You're killing me..." I groaned. I could feel her smile against my flesh and felt her dragging her nails along my inner thighs. She reached around and caressed my ass, then pinched it. Oof... Oof... Oof... She was pulling the hair of my patch with her lips, then lightly biting, then licking... Then she pushed her hand under my top and pressed against my belly and pursed her lips and blew across my pussy.

The tension turned to stars and I yelped and bit my lip. I was cumming. She had me cumming and hadn't even penetrated me or touched my clit. Wetness seemed to be pouring from my opening but she just smiled. I saw her nostrils flare and then she seemed to be breathing in deeply. She jerked at my hips to change the angle and then I felt her tongue flick dangerously close to my ass. It seemed to linger in that in-between spot. She swirled it slowly against my skin and I felt wetness trickle down to my ass hole. I wanted her to lick me there but she had other ideas.

The first thing between the folds of my pussy was her nose. She parted me, dragging her nose against my flesh. I could feel my wetness spreading to her face and then her lips slipped through mine. She repeated this a couple of times, nudging and wiggling through me. When she looked up at me I could see the wetness on her face.

Then she shoved her tongue into me. Into my opening. Had her tongue always been so long? I could feel her feeding on my wetness. Dipping and twirling her tongue in me. Then licking forward. But still, she avoided my clit. She'd lick to the left of it, then to the right of it. Then back to my opening. I bit my lip, clenched my teeth as she moved back to the place in between my ass and pussy. She pursed her lips again and blew down to my ass hole. Then with a gleam in her eye, she blew up towards my clit. It felt so swollen and hard in its hiding place. I thought for sure it had popped out and grown to the size of a cock. Or my arm. But when I looked down I only saw her hungrily eating my pussy.
