 PREVIOUSLY: Jessica told Mason about the baby at school. They agreed that they wanted to keep it and he expressed that he was jealous of Oliver.-

I woke up to the sound of my bedroom window opening. I immediately sat upright in bed, fearing for the worst. Robberies weren't very common in my neighborhood but Mrs Llang across the street had gotten her bike stolen a couple weeks ago. There was a shadowed figure standing infront of the window. I made a silent prayer and screamed bloody murder, hoping to wake my parents. The figure bolted over to my side, placing a hand on my mouth to silence me. They then flipped on my bedside lamp, revealing that my nighttime terrorizer was none other than my best friend Anneka.

She slowly removed her hand from over my mouth, staring at me intently. Now that I had registered what was happening, I took the time to look her over. She looked awful, with her mascara smeared and dark bags under her eyes. Her red hair was messy with baby hairs sticking out all over her head, and she was wearing a form-fitting mini dress that showed off her exquisite ass, though at the moment, that was irrelevant.

"What the hell?!" I demanded, whispering angrily at her.

Jesus, what time was it? A glance at the little digital clock on my bedside table revealed that it was 3:45. Anneka's lower lip trembled and a tear fell down her cheek, leaving a trail of diluted black eye makeup.

"How could you?" Her words came out shaky, as though she was choking on them.

I froze, a tingle running down my spine.

"What?" I asked quietly, despite the fact that I already knew what she was talking about.

"Mason told me, Jess! He told me everything!" She exclaimed, throwing one of my pillows across the room. I grabbed her wrist and motioned for her to be quiet, since my parents were asleep in the next room over.

"You didn't answer my question, Jess! How could you!?" She had lowered her voice, but was now outright sobbing. I attempted to take her into my arms comfortingly, but she shoved me away.

"I would NEVER even dream about fucking Oliver. Never!" She hissed, tears streaming down her face.

"Please, Anneka, let me explain..." I tried to calm her down by speaking in a soothing voice, but it didn't look like it was working.

"I'm fucking listening!" She growled, wiping away her tears with the back of her hand.

"Thank you." I sighed, gathering my thoughts. "I never intended on doing it, it just happened. I can't even begin to explain how sorry I am."

"Oh, you're SORRY?! I feel SO much better now!" She exclaimed sarcastically.

"How much do you know?" I asked quietly.

"Enough. I know that Mason got you pregnant, and you've been lying to me and Oliver about it since. I know that Mase broke up with me because of you. I know that you're a fucking lying, cheating, bitch, and what you did is unforgivable!" 

She was seething, and I could see why. She was right. I didn't deserve to be forgiven. Now it was my turn to cry. The tears came fast and couldn't be held back. Amazingly, something softened in Anneka's face, and she almost looked like she felt bad. She tentatively reached out her hand and ran her fingers through my blonde hair.

She leaned back in my bed next to me, and I followed suit, trying to stop my crying. I just rested my head on my pillow and stared at the ceiling in silence while Anneka stroked my hair. Even after I had majorly screwed up, she was a good friend. I didn't deserve her.

Suddenly, something came over me, and I reached toward her chest and rested my hand over her breasts. Hers were significantly smaller than mine, but still gorgeous, though I hadn't noticed until a few days ago. I heard her breath quicken at the simple touch.

"Don't," She whispered.

I sat up a bit and leaned over her, so that now both my hands were on the sides of her head, trapping her beneath me. "Why not?"

Anneka didn't answer, she just looked up at me. Her makeup was still smeared and messy, but she wasn't crying anymore. I found my courage and pushed my lips against hers, my tongue making its way through her parted lips and trading saliva.

She moaned a little into my mouth, and while I could tell that she was still terribly heartbroken over Mason, and angry at me, she wanted this. She needed this.

As I deepened our kiss, I sat down so that I was now straddling her. I moved my hands from the sides of her head onto her breasts, kneading them. I pulled my mouth away from hers, and she looked up at me hungrily. The look in her eyes was primal.

She nudged me off her, and I reluctantly obliged. She stepped off my bed, and pulled her dress off over her head. She was wearing a thin lace bralette that didn't look like it supplied any breast support. Her pink nipples showed through the sheer material. She had on matching lace panties, which were, to my delight and surprise, completely crotchless.

I followed her example and took off my silk night dress, revealing my naked breasts and black underwear. I dropped onto my hands and knees, crawling toward her like some sort of wild animal, a starving lion desperate for something to eat.

I got closer, so that I was now breathing on her sex. Anneka must have felt my hot breath on her labia, because she sighed and leaned her head back.

I tentatively took the plunge and pressed my mouth against her exposed pussy. It was well groomed down below, but I could see a small, neat triangle of pubic hair through her transparent panties. 

"God, you're such a bitch...I hate you..." She moaned. 

I had never eaten a girl out before. I had given my fair share of blowjobs between Oliver and Mason, but the only homosexual activity I'd taken part in had been with Anneka in the locker room. How the hell are you even supposed to give a girl oral? I'd only even received it twice in my life.

Even though I was inexperienced, I knew what I would have liked to have done to me. I took her clit into my mouth and suckled on it lightly. The redheaded cheerleader moaned in approval. I then moved so that my tongue was prodding at her entrance. Anneka gasped a little, and I took that as a sign that she wanted me to stick it inside her.

I did so, and she cried out. Hopefully the sound wouldn't wake my parents. I couldn't push my tongue in very far, but I figured that I was moving it well enough that I wouldn't need to.

"You cheating cunt..." Anneka vented her anger at me as I serviced her.

We were in an awkward position, with her legs spread in a standing position as I crouched below her, my neck bent back at an uncomfortable angle. 

Taking the assertive action, I got out from under my best friend and stood up. She looked at me, furious.

"I'm not done." She whined, crossing her arms over her bralette.

"Neither am I. Now get on the bed." I ordered. I wasn't usually the dominant one in our relationship, but there's a first time for everything.

Anneka laid down on my bed, her head resting on one of my pillows. She spread her legs and grabbed her ankles, positioning them so that her feet were to the sides of her head. Cheerleading had made her extremely flexible.

The sight of my best friend waiting on my bed in crotchless panties was extremely erotic. I had to look away, however, in order to continue with my plan.

I rummaged through the underwear drawer in my bedside table. Shoving away countless pairs of my panties, I found what I was looking for. My toys.

My parents were very conservative, and would have been appalled at the idea of me masturbating, so I had to buy my various tools secretly and without permission. Under the radar, I had managed to collect several different vibrators and dildos.

I surveyed my options. A little purple vibrator that clipped onto the outer labia called the butterfly. A small red dildo with a 5 inch portion to be inserted in the vagina, and a smaller portion for anal stimulation. A pretty pink 6 inch vibrating dildo. Another pink dildo that was short, but fat, with a girth that would have surpassed that of a coke can. (I didn't mess with that one very much.) A blue sphere-shaped vibrator that was great for stimulating the clit. Finally, after looking around for a couple minutes, I found what I was looking for.

I called it 'The Hulk' because my favorite dildo was big and green. The silicone penis was firm but flexible, long, but not too thick, and had a wide, flat base that could be stuck to walls or floors if desired. The thing was a masterpiece. The artist had included every detail, including dramatic veins lining the length and a little artificial urethra at the tip. The thing was 10 inches in length, (not as big as Mason) and it had taken me a while to work up to getting the whole thing inside me.

I wondered if Anneka would be able to take it, seeing as Mason had mentioned that she could only accept 7 or so inches of him, max. But, 'The Hulk' wasn't as thick as he was, and the head wasn't disproportionately large like Mason's, so it was possible that Anneka's pussy would be able to swallow the thing. I guessed there was only one way to find out.

"What's taking so long, whore?!" The girl on my bed asked impatiently. 

I took the green dildo and crept towards my friend, kneeling at the foot of the bed, facing her. At the sight of the thing in my hands, Anneka shut her mouth and looked up at me, losing some of her previous nerve.

"What did you call me?" I asked, narrowing my eyes.

Anneka swallowed, probably building up the courage to reply. "I called you a dirty, man-stealing whore."

I tisked at her, clicking my tongue. "It's rude to speak to your superiors like that."

I positioned the tip of the dildo at her hole, prodding at her juicy entrance. "Apologize. Now." I instructed.

"Make me." She said defiantly, still holding her legs up above her head. 

That did it for me, and I plunged 'The Hulk' inside her, not even trying to be gentle. Anneka screamed, but I ignored her and screwed the thing deeper inside of her.

"I'm sorry!" She cried, just as I reached what I estimated to be the 8th inch of the fake penis.

I stopped my insertion and smiled. "Good. Now tell me that you're a little slut who deserves to be plowed with this fucking dildo."

Anneka glared at me, though I could see her pleasure in her eyes.

"Never." She hissed.

"Wrong answer," I chastised, and pushed the rest of the green cock into her without mercy. 

"Fuck!" Anneka shouted out loudly, and I saw tears form at the corners of her eyes. I felt a little guilty, and removed a couple inches of the dildo.

"No, put it back!" Anneka shouted at me, to my complete at utter shock. "Slowly, whore. Pump in and out gently, you disgusting cock-sucking slut." She continued.

I felt the power shift from me to her, and I let it happen. If it took Anneka ordering me to fuck her with my favorite dildo in order to vent her anger and forgive me, I was okay with that. 

I did as I was told, slowly pumping the dildo in and out of her. I enjoyed the sloppy, slimy sounds, and the musky aroma of sex emitting from her filled pussy.

"Oh, fuck that's good..." She sighed. My heart swelled knowing that I was capable of giving her pleasure, even when she was furious at me.

"Go faster." She whispered.

I sped up, inserting and removing the big green cock at a quickening pace. Soon, the base of the dildo was slamming against her sex, making a wonderful slapping sound.

I began to notice a white discharge on the dildo and around her hole, but didn't think to much about it as I continued to pound her. She began moaning, getting louder and louder as she approached orgasm. Soon, her back arched and she let out an erotic scream as she came. I anxiously looked around in fear that she had been heard by my mother and father.

As she came down from her orgasm, I noticed with disappointment that I hadn't been able to make her squirt. I slid the dildo out of her, the removal of the artificial head making a satisfying popping sound as I did.

With the dildo out of her, I then realized that there was a white substance on 'The Hulk', in her pussy, and in a little puddle on my comforter. I stuck a finger in her cunt, scooping out a little of the substance as she let go of her ankles and laid down comfortably.

"What is this stuff?? Did you have sex with Mason before you came here??" I asked curiously as I sucked it off my fingers. It didn't taste quite like jizz, but similar.

"What? No. Though that was my plan, thus the crotchless panties. Anyway, that's my ejaculate. I cream a lot." She explained.

I'd never heard of a girl 'creaming' before, but if I could squirt, it made sense that other girls had their own ways of cumming.

"Hey, all that 'bitch', 'whore' stuff was roleplay, right?" I asked, laying down next to her.

"Mostly." She said, putting an arm around my shoulder. "But I feel a lot better now. Hate sex is therapeutic."

I sat up, looking at her with concern. "Are you okay? I mean, you've had kind of a rough night."

She shrugged. "I'll get there. But...I loved him, you know? I don't think I'll ever fully get over that. And even after everything that's happened, I can't hate you. Or him. I guess that's just how love is-you forgive the people who hurt you, even though maybe you shouldn't."

Relieved, I curled up under the sheets with her. I don't know how long it took before I fell asleep, but it felt like mere seconds. It was calming to have Anneka in bed with me, even though her 'cream' was on the top of the covers. 

-TO BE CONTINUED-