 I knew I wanted her from the second she sauntered in. She was tall, slender and deliciously androgynous, with a short crop of black hair and a look that could kill. She had on a short sleeve button-up, with tattoos snaking down both her arms. Fuelled by a carnal desire I didn't know I had, I wanted nothing more than to rip the shirt right off her body and put my lips to her collarbone. It was all I could do to not run toward her and make my fantasy a reality. 

She glanced my way but didn't seem to register me, distracted by the woman she'd walked in with. Her girlfriend? 

I hoped not. 

The two sidled up to the bar. She ordered what looked like a rum and coke. She took a confident swig before pulling a packet of cigarettes out of her pocket. She rested one between her lips oh-so-casually, before lighting it. The way she took drags was almost pornographic to me. Her lips. The scarce appearance of her tongue.

Never before had I lusted so strongly. I was sitting with a friend a few feet away from the bar. She was talking about something, and I struggled to keep polite track of the conversation. At that moment the only thing occupying my mind was the heat; the heat of arousal that crept from my cunt to the skin on my face, the skin of my chest. My mind was full of dirty thoughts, I was swimming in smutty fantasies as I watched this mysterious woman smoke and drink.

Every now and then she caught my gaze. She'd give me a wink, or a smirk. She was playing the game. She knew exactly what I was thinking; exactly what I wanted. She whispered something to the woman she was sitting with before walking away from the bar toward the bathroom.

I didn't even pause to think, or to excuse myself, before I followed.

The bathroom was like any in any club- disgusting, dirty. But at that moment I didn't want to be anywhere else.

I pushed open the door and glanced around, but I couldn't see her. All the cubicles were empty. Then, I heard the door shut behind me, and the click of a lock. Hands snaked around my waist. 

"Hello, darling."

The way she said it was so deeply seductive, so sultry, I was surprised I didn't cum on the spot. Then, her lips were on my neck. As she kissed me, her hand gently rubbing me over the top of my skinny jeans. I found myself grinding down at her touch, desperate for her get to me. God, I was mad with desire.

She spun me around and kissed me on the mouth, her tongue massaging mine. Her hands were everywhere- my back, my ass, my breasts. She had such strong hands, the mere thought of them on my body nearly sent me over the edge yet again. She pushed me against the wall. Our bodies were flush, and I could feel a hard bugle between her legs. Fuck, I love a woman who packs heat.

I reached down and grabbed her package just as I dug my teeth into her lower lip. She moaned, and I loved it.

"You want me to fuck you with it, baby?"

As a response I kissed her again, all the while reaching down and unbuttoning her jeans. She worked on unbuttoning mine, ripping off a button in the process. Within seconds my pants were down and her silicon cock was in her hands.

"Are you ready for it?"

I needed no more encouragement on that end.

"I'm ready for you to fuck me with your big cock, baby."

She gave me another smirk before kissing me. She tasted like cigarettes and booze, and fuck her taste turned me on.

"Bend over."

She was gentle at first, but at my insistence started pounding me harder and harder. She gripped at my shoulders and grunted. Her hands were so strong, I simply couldn't help myself.

"Spank me."

She did, good and hard, leaving an angry red handprint. A souvenir.

She set up an excellent rhythm, her cock hitting me so deliciously in all the right places. She would bring me to the edge before slowing down, torturing me. She'd build me back up only to do the same thing again, and again. I begged her for release, I begged her to let me cum. Eventually she did, leaving me quivering and shuddering. She pulled out and brought her lips to mine again, tender this time. 

"Name..." I muttered.

"What now?"

"What's your name? I want to know what to scream next time."

"Oh, there's going to be a next time?"

She wore a devious grin. I reached up and pushed her hair out of her face.

"Oh, I fucking hope so."

"Phoenix. Samantha Phoenix."

"Well, Phoenix, Samantha Phoenix. I'm Jacks. Jacks Larson."

"A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Jacks. I hope to see you again soon."