 KRISTEN:

I didn't want to be here. The party was loud and the scent of beer was everywhere, making me want to gag. This wasn't my usual scene. But my best friend Alice had begged me to go with her just this once, and there wasn't much I wouldn't do for her. I reluctantly agreed, and she'd squealed with excitement before planting a huge kiss on my cheek and then running off to her room to get ready.

I shook my head with a laugh at her antics, trudging to my room to do the same. The day we met at freshman orientation in high school we'd become fast friends despite our many differences.

She had jet black hair which she kept pin-straight that fell down to the top of her jeans. Large green eyes with thick lashes battled for attention with her pouty pink lips. She was a few inches taller than my 5'8" and had curves that could stop traffic from miles away. Her skin was the kind of color that looked like she tanned year round but she was just blessed genetically.

In contrast, I had shoulder-length, naturally blonde hair that I liked to dye different colors when I got bored. I had bright blue eyes that I loved, and long eyelashes that you could only see when I put on mascara. I was also curvy, but leaned towards the chubby side rather than the fit figure that Alice had from years of volleyball. And I was the kind of pale that would just straight-up burn in the summer, then go right back to being white wherever freckles didn't pop up.

She was the friendly party girl, and I was the quiet but sassy one. We were both intelligent, and had similar points of view on many things, but there was no denying that we were an unlikely pair.

I loved that girl like no other, and we'd been roommates since the day we left for college six years ago. We'd both graduated by now, found jobs we were successful in, and had great lives. We both dated occasionally, but neither of us had managed to stick with anything serious.

I couldn't speak for Alice, but I knew the reason for my perpetually single state. Coming back to the present, I side-stepped a guy who looked like he'd been drinking for days to join Alice at the benches outside where I'd left her so I could grab us drinks. I came out the side door and Alice turned, giving me a giant grin. My heart thumped in my chest, and a longing I'd come to get used to filled me. I disguised the feelings with my own smile, handing her the bottle of water she'd requested.

I looked around and noticed that all the seats had been taken by now, and I resigned myself to be the only one awkwardly standing behind my friend, quietly sipping my own water.

Alice noticed the lack of seating at the same time I did and patted her leg, inviting me to take a seat on her legs. I could feel myself flush slightly and shook my head.

"Just sit, Kristen." Alice's words were quiet, and a quick glance around the group made me see that no one was watching us, lost in their own conversations.

"No Alice, I'm fine standing here."

She studied my face before saying, "Fine then, I'll sit on your lap."

Before I knew it, she'd stood up and grabbed my arm, pushing me into her seat. Suddenly she was sitting on my lap, arm around my shoulder for balance while she played with my currently pink hair. I looped my arm around her waist automatically, inevitably pulling her body closer to mine. My breasts were pressed into her side and I cleared my throat to get rid of the lump that'd suddenly formed there.

Alice bent down to say quietly in my ear, "I don't know why you're so self-conscious about the way you look or how much you weigh. Which I know is the reason you refused to just sit on my lap. You're perfect the way you are." She turned back to the group like everything was normal.

Her words made me want to burst with appreciation and love for my best friend, while the feeling of her breath in my ear made my pussy clench with desire and turned my nipples into hard points that I was glad were hidden into her side.

I'd kept my growing attraction to Alice to myself, and it was getting to the point where I wasn't sure how much longer I'd be able to do it. I tried to relax while Alice carried on conversations with the people around us, but it was impossible to do while her fingers sifted through my hair, brushing the nape of my neck and making me melt with every pass.

My fingers crept under the hem of her shirt of their own volition and began to caress the skin there. Her skin was softer than I'd imagined, fascinating me and making my mouth dry. She turned and looked at me, the ends of her long black hair brushing my arm and giving me goosebumps.

"Kristen?" I looked up at her, her green eyes were unreadable as she said my name quietly. Fear spiked through me, and I began to draw my hand out from under her shirt, the loss of her warm skin more devastating than I'd expected.

"Sorry, Alice," I mumbled, looking down and shifting away from her slightly. Her hand tightened in my hair, not letting me get very far. A small moan left my mouth, the sound escaping with the zing of electricity her tight grip created. My face flamed with embarrassment and I jumped up, knocking Alice off balance so I could escape. I heard her say something to the group before I got inside.

I was really beginning to panic now, and I realized that she'd driven us here. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and fumbled with it, trying to unlock it to call for an Uber or something, when a hand grabbed the back of my dress and pulled, stopping me.

"Kristen, just hold on a second. What's the matter with you?" Alice's voice was loud to me, although it was probably at a normal volume.

What's wrong with me? I almost just ruined our friendship because I'm so attracted to you I could burst, I thought to myself in anger.

Out loud however, I just replied, "I'm not feeling well. I'm calling an Uber, so you can stay and have fun."

"That's ridiculous. I'll take you back home, Kris." She'd walked around in front of me and I couldn't help but to look up at her. Her face was filled with concern, and I bit my lip contemplating my choices.

"Are you sure? You wanted to come here so bad, I wouldn't want to ruin that for you."

"I wouldn't be able to have fun here if I know you're at home miserable anyway. I'd rather just leave with you."

I nodded reluctantly and followed her out the door. The ride home was silent, and for the first time I felt awkward around my best friend. I was afraid she was going to say something about what happened before I freaked out, and maybe even distance herself from me because of it despite her taking me home and being nice and all.

She parked in the driveway of the house we rented together and turned off the car. When she didn't move to get out, I looked over at her questioningly. She was already looking at me, eyes bright with questions that I was afraid to hear. I opened the door to escape and tried my best not to look like I was running away as I hurried to the front door and unlocked it. I heard her car door shut just as I opened the door, and I left it ajar for her before rushing up to my room and climbing into bed to bury myself under the covers until the shame was gone.

ALICE:

I sighed to myself as I watched Kristen scurry into the house before I could catch up. I had no idea how I was going to handle this situation. She'd been my best friend for a decade, but what happened today was new territory for the two of us.

I was usually a blunt, outspoken kind of girl, but feelings were not my forte. And seeing as how Kristen was the only relationship I'd been able to keep for more than a year, I would do anything not to ruin things between us. She was the most loyal, kind, sweet hearted person I'd ever known, and I loved her.

I mean, really loved her.

I'd kept it to myself because I didn't want to ruin the friendship we had with messy things like romance, but recently I'd been starting to wonder if my fear was keeping me from experiencing the best thing I'd ever have to chance to.

I'd been unable to fight those feelings today when I'd settled on her lap, her pretty hair sliding through my fingers. I'd wanted to grip that hair and hold her still while I kissed her for the first time, but somehow, I'd reigned that in.

That is, until I'd felt her fingers slide under my shirt and caress my bare waist. I'd had to fight to keep my voice steady and keep along with the conversation I'd been a part of. When I'd turned and said Kristen's name, I swear I could see the same desire in her gorgeous eyes I was feeling before she'd pulled away.

I'd tightened my hold on her hair instinctively, and the quiet sound that had left her had me soaking my panties. That was when she'd jumped up and tried to leave, scaring the shit out of me. I'd convinced her to let me take her home, but now what?

I slowly climbed the stairs, thousands of thoughts going through my head at how to fix this. I started to turn towards my room when a small sniffle sounded from behind Kristen's closed door.

Fuck it. There was no way I was going to let her go on feeling like shit. If our friendship was as strong as I thought it was, then we needed to be honest with each other so we could move past whatever was happening. I turned the opposite way to head towards her room and knocked on the door.

"Kristen, I'm coming in."

I paused for only a moment to see if she had anything to say, but only heard some rustling of blankets. I opened the door to see her sitting up in bed, eyes bright and slightly wet, hands clutching at her blankets like they were the only thing keeping her there.

I sighed and walked over to her, sitting on the edge of the bed and fiddling with the ends of my hair. I knew what I wanted to say, but the words were so hard to get out. I was terrified I was going to scare away the best thing in my life, but I had to say something.

"Kristen, I-"

"I love you!"

Shocked silence filled the room as Kristen's words registered. We sat frozen on her bed, both our mouths dropped open, staring at each other before she finally was able to continue.

"Alice, I'm sorry if this is too much for you, and I don't want to lose you, but I love you so much. And not just in a best friend kind of way, even though I do, but like in the kind of way where I want to be with you. I've been feeling like this for a while and I know I probably fucked up everything earlier at the party, but I can't hide it anymore. I... I just..." She paused, her voice trembling as her fast words started to die off. I saw tears begin to gather in her eyes, and she started to bury her face in her hands before my muscles began to work again.

I scrambled up onto my knees and crawled towards her, pulling her hands away so she could see the truth in my eyes.

"I love you too Kristen, in the same way. I've been hiding it just like you, because I've been too afraid to say anything and lose you."

Hope filled her eyes, washing away the tears. "Seriously?"

"Yeah Kris. Seriously."

We stared at each other for a moment before we both burst into laughter, the tension from before erased.

"You mean," Kristen said between gales of laughter, "we've both been keeping this from each other because we thought it would ruin our friendship?"

"I know! It sounds ridiculous, but it makes sense too."

"Yeah, I know what you mean." We calmed down, and I fell back onto the bed, a new kind of happiness filling me as I turned to look at Kristen. She was taking me in, gaze roaming over my body until our eyes met and something sparked between us. A new kind of tension started to build, and I bit my lip at the way her fair skin started to pinken like it always did when she was nervous or overwhelmed.

"What are you thinking?" My whispered words filled the silence between us, and heat darkened the blue of her eyes.

"I was just thinking about how soft your skin was. I mean, I've felt it before, but for some reason..." She bit her lip and glanced down to where my shirt had ridden up, exposing the skin of my stomach. "For some reason, today it felt even softer. Like cotton candy."

"That's kind of funny, because that's what your hair reminds me of." I sat up and turned towards her, leaning forward to run my hands through her strands. Her eyes hooded with contentment, and I leaned even closer, willing myself to go for it. As our faces got so close we could feel each other's breaths, I whispered, "It makes me wonder if that's what you taste like, too."

I closed the distance between our mouths and relished in how her lips felt against mine. A split second later however, everything that had been building inside of me over time finally burst, and I couldn't help the groan that left me as I opened my mouth and let my tongue run across the crease of her lips. That one move made Kristen's control snap, and we began to devour each other with abandon.

Kristen pushed me onto my back and laid on top of me, our legs intertwining as we kissed, tongues, lips, and teeth battling for possession of the other. Her hands pushed between the bed and my body, grabbing my ass as I pulled her head back and panted.

We stared at each other as we grinded through our clothes, and a wicked smile filled her face before she leaned down to kiss my neck. I let out a slight moan when her lips met my skin, then a louder one when she bit me. She pulled away slightly, making me protest before sighing in pleasure when she nipped my earlobe.

"Alice, I've been wanting to make you feel like this for so long. I've imagined the sounds you'd make, how you would taste, how you would feel rubbing against me. But the reality is nothing compared to my imagination."

"Fuck, Kristen. This is better than I've ever thought it would be, and we're just barely getting started." She moved back to look at me again before I continued. "I want to make you feel so good that you scream my name when you come all over my mouth and hands."

Kristen let out a low groan, pupils dilating at my words. I moved quickly, rolling us so that this time I was on top. I wanted to get her naked and taste her pussy, and I'd waited long enough already.

She was going to be mine at last.

KRISTEN:

Holy shit. I was breathing hard, my big tits moving up and down with each inhale and exhale, staring up at my best friend as her hands moved the straps of my dress down my arms. I hadn't even considered the fact that she might feel the same way I did. She'd never even given a hint that she was interested in women, much less me. I've been openly bisexual for years, and she'd always been fine with it, but she'd never indicated the same kind of interest.

And now here we were, my dress pushed down below my naked breasts as she kissed them, sucking hard on my nipples and biting them until they were hard and shiny.

"God Alice, that feels amazing." I watched as she smiled and bent down to play with them some more. Her mouth latched onto one while her hand went to the other, squeezing and playing with it like she could read my mind for exactly what I liked.

"Your skin is so pale, it's going to show every single mark I leave on you. Is it going to make you wet when you see them, remembering I'm the one who put them there and how good it felt?"

"Yes," I gasped out. "I want to think of you every time I see a bruise or bite."

"Mmm, that's what I like to hear."

She pulled away and climbed off the bed, pulling me up with her so that we were both standing to the side. She pulled my dress the rest of the way off, leaving me in just my lace panties since the dress I'd worn had a built-in bra that had made an actual bra unnecessary. She stepped back and took me in, an appreciative glint in her eyes.

I'd known her for years, been comfortable with her almost since day one, and standing almost naked in front of her now didn't change that. I trusted her with everything, and now that included my body.

"You're beautiful Kris. I know you get worried you're too chubby or whatever, but I think you're perfect. You're so soft, and I love how we fit together."

I blushed at her words but accepted the compliments. I opened my mouth to ask her to take off her clothes too, but before I could she was pushing me back down on to the bed, my butt at the very edge. She stepped between my spread legs, hands going to the top of my panties. Her fingers curled into the band, and she slowly pulled them down. I felt the air on my bare pussy as they slid down my thighs, Alice going to her knees and pulling them completely off.

She tossed the panties, and then put her hands back on my calves, sliding them up until they were gripping my inner thighs, pushing them apart to expose my center to her. I leaned up onto my elbows to watch, heart pounding and pussy leaking as she shuffled forward and licked me.

"Oh," I breathed out at the feel of her tongue on me. Her hands moved higher to touch me, spreading my lips apart more so she could lick at my center. I fell onto my back, gasping when she moved up to my clit and teased it, my hands diving into her hair and holding on.

"You taste so good, Kris. I can't believe I waited so long for this." Alice's murmured words drifted up to my ears, and I felt myself get even wetter. She put her mouth back on me, sucking lightly at my clit and pressing a finger into my pussy. Her rough tongue rubbed against my button while she finger fucked me, adding a second finger after a couple thrusts.

My legs began to shake, and I knew I was heading towards an amazing orgasm if she didn't stop. "Alice, you're going to make me come!"

She fucked me faster, and I arched my back as pleasure exploded through me. She kept licking me through my orgasm, until I collapsed onto the bed, her hair sliding out from my fingers. She stood up and hovered over me. I pulled her down with shaky arms, taking her mouth with mine and tasting myself on her lips and tongue.

Our legs tangled, and it wasn't long before we were grinding into each other. I moved us so that I was on top and lifted myself slightly off her body so I could help her remove all her clothes. Once she was as bare as me, I straddled one of her thighs, placing my hands by her head on the sheets. I leaned down and kissed her softly, putting all my weight on one hand while moving the other slowly down her body. Pulling back from her mouth, I watched as my fingers trailed across her skin and cupped her breast. Her nipple tightened, and I couldn't resist leaning down and sucking it into my mouth.

I heard her moan, and it was all the encouragement I needed. I started to suck harder, grazing my teeth across her nipple occasionally before biting down on the peak. Her body arched under mine, and her loud "Oh my God!" had me smiling around her tit. I pulled off, using my thumb to rub in the moisture I'd left there.

"You know," I said softly as I gazed into her dark green eyes, "For someone who's been straight her whole life as far as I can tell, you sure ate my pussy like you knew what you were doing."

Her eyes widened at my words, surprise filling them. I was usually pretty reserved, and I'm sure hearing me talk like this to her had caught her off guard.

"I uh.." She stumbled over her words. "I just did what I knew felt good, and then kept doing what I could tell you liked."

"Mmm, what a clever girl."

She raised an eyebrow at me. "Did you really just sort of quote Jurassic Park to me? Right now?"

I couldn't help the laugh that escaped. "Guilty as charged. Surprise, I can talk dirty and nerdy!"

We both broke into a fit of laughter, and I let my body come down on hers, our arms wrapping around each other as we calmed to a few small giggles.

"Kristen?" Alice said my name quietly but surely, and I lifted my face from her neck to meet her eyes. "I love you. Obviously as a friend, but I love you as more than that too. I have for a while, actually."
