 Recap

Life has a funny way of changing on us when we least expect it. Jessica's life was completely turned upside down when she caught her boyfriend Mark cheating on her with Emily Fernandez. She didn't blame Emily for what had happened though. After all if her Mark had truly loved her he wouldn't have cheated on her no matter what. As it had turned out he had lied to Emily by telling her that he had broken up with Jessica. As if that hadn't been crazy enough Jessica had become lovers and fallen in love with her best friend Jenny's mom Kelly. Kelly had also fallen in love with her as well. The only bad part about that was that it had almost cost her friendship with Jenny. In an ironic turn of events, it was Emily Fernandez who ended up saving Jessica and Jenny's friendship. Jenny had only gone to Emily's house to talk to her about the situation between Jessica and her mom and almost unbelievably Jenny and Emily ended up having sex with each other. Whether it was the talk they had or the love making they shared, or a combination of the two, it caused Jenny to look at things differently and she decided to try and be more accepting of her mom and Jessica's relationship while exploring one of her own with Emily. 

Part 1

Jenny was smiling as she pulled into Emily's driveway to pick her up for school. Emily must have been waiting for her because as soon as Jenny put her car in park Emily came out the front door and hopped in the car with her. They greeted each other with a quick kiss on the lips before Jenny pulled out of the driveway and drove them to school. Since they didn't have any classes together, the two girls made plans to have lunch together before going their separate ways for the morning. Jenny went to homeroom where she sat at her normal table and waited for Jessica to show up. Before long, Jessica entered the room and seeing Jenny sitting at their normal table caused her to smile. Jessica sat down at the table next to Jenny, her nervousness apparent in her every move. 

"Hi," she said hesitantly. 

"Hi Jess. Look, I'm sorry about the way I acted. I'm still not used to the idea of you two being together and everything, but I'm willing to give it a shot," Jenny said.

"Thank you. We really do love each other you know," Jessica said. 

"I was more hurt by the fact that you guys kept it from me than that you're actually together," Jenny said. 

"I understand. We're both sorry about that," Jessica said. 

"Well, I have to tell you something. I started seeing someone yesterday," Jenny said.

"No way! Really?" Jessica said in total surprise.

"Yeah. We met in detention. I'll introduce you at lunch," Jenny said. 

"Can't you tell me who it is now?" Jessica asked eagerly.

"Nope," Jenny said with a grin.

"Why not?" Jessica asked disappointedly.

"Payback's a bitch," Jenny said and her grin doubled in size.

"Fine. I guess I deserve that," Jessica said with a small pout. 

"Yep," Jenny agreed, just as the bell rang sending them to their first class of the day. 

Jessica tried asking Jenny about who she was seeing every chance she got, but Jenny was having too much fun keeping her in the dark. As the lunch bell rang, Jessica gave it one last shot, "Okay, it's lunch time. Will you tell me now?"

"Nope. You just have to wait and see," Jenny teased. 

"Aw, come on, at least give me a hint about who he is," Jessica pleaded.

"Who said it was a he?" Jenny said provocatively and giggled as Jessica's jaw dropped at the implication of her words. 

Jenny and Jessica got their food and Jessica tried to watch Jenny's eyes for any hint as to who this guy or girl she was seeing could be, but the cafeteria was just too crowded. 

"C'mon," Jenny said, and led the way through the cafeteria to the table where Emily was waiting for her. 

"Hey, I thought you'd never get here," Emily said, as Jenny neared the table. "What's the matter?" she asked Jessica, whose face clearly held a look of mingled surprise and disbelief. 

"She just figured out who I'm dating," Jenny said in explanation. The amused grin on her face clearly said she was having fun with the situation.

"I take it your surprised," Emily said.

"Yeah, a bit," Jessica said as her brain struggled to process this information.

"Disappointed? Upset?" Emily asked.

Snapping out of her shock Jessica said, "No, not at all. Just surprised that's all. I just didn't think Jenny..." 

"Was into girls?" Jenny finished the sentence for her.

"Yeah," Jessica replied.

"Neither did I. It just kinda happened, like you and mom I guess," Jenny said.

"Well congratulations!" Jessica with a beaming smile and gave them both a quick hug. 

"Thanks," Emily and Jenny said together.

The three of them chatted while they ate their lunches until the bell rang signaling the end of the lunch period. The girls had a pretty uneventful day after that. Jessica went to swim practice and Jenny drove Emily home. 

"Are you coming in?" Emily asked hopefully. 

"Sure, I'd love to," Jenny replied.

The girls went inside and after grabbing some drinks and snacks went into Emily's room.

"I feel gross. I need a shower," Emily said.

"Okay," Jenny replied.

"Wanna join me?" Emily asked suggestively.

"Sure," Jenny replied eagerly.

Both girls stripped out of their school clothes and Emily grabbed them each a towel as they headed into the bathroom attached to her bedroom. Emily started the water and adjusted the temperature before she and Jenny got in. The hot spray soothed their muscles as Emily took a bottle of soap and poured some onto her pink bath poof. Once she got it nice and sudsy she started rubbing it all over Jenny's body, paying special attention to her breasts, pussy and ass. When she was done, Jenny rinsed off and happily took the poof from Emily giving her the same treatment. If her own body was any indication, Jenny knew Emily had to be getting pretty turned on by what they were doing because she sure was. 

"Let's hurry up and get out of here, I'm horny as hell and I want some of your pussy," Emily said removing any doubts Jenny had about how she felt.

"Sounds good to me," Jenny said, with a grin of anticipation. 

The girls finished in the shower and hurried to dry themselves off before running back into Emily's bedroom where they fell onto the bed together where they lustily embraced each other. Their tongues darted into each other's mouth and swirled and danced around. Jenny pulled away and started kissing and sucking on Emily's neck slowly working her way down to her large breasts until she found Emily's hard nipple and flicked her tongue over it before sucking it into her mouth. 

"Oh yes, that feels so good baby," Emily moaned. 

Jenny kissed and licked her way to Emily's other nipple her fingers replacing her mouth on the abandoned one, pinching, pulling and twisting the hard knob while she licked, sucked and bit the other one. 

"Oh yes, feels so good," Emily moaned. "I want your pussy. Turn around so we can sixty-nine." 

Jenny did as she was asked and carefully straddled her lover's head before lowering her wet pussy to her waiting mouth.

"Uh, ohhh!" Jenny gasped, as Emily's tongue touched her pussy. She savored the feeling for a minute or two before lowering her head between Emily's spread legs and licking her sopping wet pussy. 

Whether it was because they were lost in their passion or because their ears were blocked by each other's thighs neither girl heard the bedroom door open and were unaware of Emily's mother walking into the room until she started yelling, "Oh my God! What in the world is going on here! This is disgusting! It's perverse! I can't believe my own daughter would desecrate my house like this!"

Both girls jumped apart and tried to cover the blankets from the bed. "Mom! What are you doing home already?" Emily asked in surprise.

"Never mind what I'm doing home young lady! What do you think you're doing? This is against God!" Emily's mother raged. "And you, who are you and what would your parents say if they found out about this?" she said to Jenny.

"I...Uh...," Jenny stammered. 

"She's my girlfriend mom," Emily cut in.

"Girlfriend? I'd say she's more than a girlfriend. Young lady I think you need to leave and not come back young lady," Emily's mom said.

"Mom!" Emily pleaded.

"Don't mom me young lady. If you're going to be doing this kind of stuff in my house you can just get out too," Her mom said.

"You're kicking me out?" Emily asked in disbelief. 

"If you're going to live a life of sin and not repent to God I am," her mom said. "Fornication is bad enough, but to be doing it with another girl is just disgusting! It's an abomination! And if you're going to keep doing it, you can just get out!"

Emily was in tears now and Jenny just sat in stunned disbelief. "Fine mom, I'll leave. If you can't love me for who I am then I'll leave!," Emily said. "Now get out so we can get dressed." 

"Fine, you and your perverted friend just get dressed and get out," Emily's mom said as she left the room and closed the door behind her. 

As soon as Emily's mom left the room, Jenny got on her cell phone and called her own mother, she quickly explained what had happened and then asked, "Can Emily stay with us?" 

"Sure she can sweetheart. Emily can stay with us for as long as you want her to," Kelly said.

"Really?" Jenny asked.

"Yes really," Kelly said.

"Even if it's like for a long time?" Jenny asked.

"Honey, as long as she needs a place to stay and you want her there she's welcome in our home. Just pack up whatever she needs and bring it to the house. If there's anything she wants that you guys can't take then I'll make arrangements with her parents to pick it up later. Okay?" Kelly said.

"Thanks Mom. You're the best!" Jenny said happily. Come on Ems, lets get your stuff packed my mom said you're welcomed to stay with us for as long as you want to," Jenny said.

"Really?" Emily asked hopefully. She had overheard Jenny's part of the conversation, but hadn't wanted to get her hopes up.

"Yep. My mom says its cool and to pack up whatever you need and anything you want that we can't take she's gonna make arrangements with your parents to pick up later. Now, let's get going." Jenny said, as she got dressed. 

"Thanks Jen. You have no idea how much this means to me. I knew my parents wouldn't approve of my sex life, but I never thought they'd kick me out of the house," Emily said sadly. 

In the next hour or so the girls had managed to fit the majority of Emily's things in Jenny's car with the exception of her bed and desk and were on their way to Jenny's house where her mom met them and help them unload the car and bring Emily's things inside, "Well, you have two options," Kelly told Jenny while Emily was getting some of her things from the car. "She can either have the guest bedroom or she can share your room." 

"You mean it's okay with you if Emily and I share my bed?" Jenny asked somewhat disbelievingly. 

"Why not? I already know you two are having sex together and it's not like either of you can get pregnant," Kelly reasoned. 

"Whoa, cool. I want her to stay in my room, but I'll ask her what she thinks," Jenny said excitedly. 

Jenny ran out to her car to help Emily with her stuff and to tell her what her mom said.

"Really? Wow, cool. Um, I'd love to stay in your room with you," she said hopefully.

"Great, that's what I was hoping you'd say. Let's bring your stuff up to our room," Jenny said. The girls giggled and smiled as they started carrying Emily stuff up to the bedroom they now shared. After a few minutes, Kelly joined them and before long they had moved all of Emily's things from Jenny's car to the bedroom. When they were finished Kelly walked over to Emily and said, "Since you're going to be living here with us you're going to need these," and handed Emily a copy of the house keys. 

"Th-thank you Ms. Tay..." 

"Call me Kelly," Kelly interrupted. 

"Okay, thanks Kelly," Emily said happily. "Thanks for everything."

"You're very welcome sweetheart," Kelly said. She just couldn't understand how a parent could just discard their child like an old newspaper just because they didn't agree with something she did. "Jessica's coming over in a little while, why don't the 4 of us go out for dinner."

"Sounds like a deal to me," Jenny said.

"Me too," Emily agreed. "But I'm feeling kind of gross, I'll have to take a shower first though."

"Me too," Jenny agreed.

"I think we all need a shower," Kelly said. "Just don't get too distracted, I'm kinda hungry and I don't want to wait forever for dinner," Kelly added sarcastically as she headed to her own bathroom. 

Jenny and Emily grinned at each other guiltily and headed for their shower. It was about 30 minutes later when the three of them met back in the living room and were joined a few minutes later by Jessica. Kelly gave Jessica a quick welcoming kiss and then she and the other two girls filled her in on what had happened. 

"Damn that sucks," Jessica said. 

"Yeah, well at least I have a nice place to stay thanks to Jen and Kelly," Emily said gratefully. Jenny and Kelly flashed her warm smiles. 

"So where are we going for dinner?" Jenny asked.

"A new place I heard of called Villa Romano. It's supposed to have great food," Kelly said.

"Sounds good to me," Jenny replied.

"Me too." Emily and Jessica agreed at the same time. 

After a nice meal at Villa Romano, they returned home for some relaxation and conversation. "Okay Emily, since you're going to living here I need to let you know the ground rules," Kelly said.

"Okay," Emily said.

"Rule number one; no illegal drugs of any kind. Rule number two; no boys or men can stay overnight. Rule number three; you have to do your fair share of chores around the house," Kelly said. 

"That's it?" Emily asked.

"Yep," Kelly replied.

"You've got a deal," Emily agreed. 

"Good, I'm glad," Kelly said. "Now, how about a movie?" She said to no one in particular.

The girls all agreed and started discussing which movie to watch. "Okay, Jen you and Emily decide on a movie while Jess and I get the drinks and popcorn." 

"Alright mom," Jenny replied as she got off the couch and waved Emily over to their DVD collection. 

Jessica got out of her seat and joined Kelly in the kitchen while Emily and Jenny picked out a movie. She couldn't help but feel a small stab of jealousy towards Emily. She had always been first in Jenny's life and now that was Emily's spot. It had to happen sooner or later, she had just figured it would be with a boy, not another girl. But, then again, she had never pictured herself being in love with another woman either. She put those thoughts from her mind as she walked up behind Kelly as she pouring drinks for everyone and wrapped her arms around her hugging her tight. 

"Mmmm. That feels nice baby," Kelly said softly. 

Jessica didn't say anything she just snuggled her face into Kelly's back. 

"Is everything okay?" Kelly asked in concern.

"Yeah. I'm just enjoying the feel of you," Jessica said.

Kelly turned around in Jessica's arms and hugged her back before kissing her softly. "Are you sure you're okay sweetheart?" Kelly asked. 

"Yeah I'm good for now. It's nothing that can't wait until later," Jessica replied with a smile. 

"Okay, we got a movie," Jenny called out from the other room.

"Okay, we'll be out in a couple of minutes," Kelly called back. 

"Are you sure you're okay? We could go upstairs and talk if you want?" Kelly said.

"Yeah I'm fine. Could, could I spend the night?" Jessica asked.

"I'd love for you to spend the night. The popcorn's done. Why don't you call your mom and let her know you're staying while I take this stuff out," Kelly said, as she poured the freshly popped popcorn in a bowl and set in on a carrying tray with their drinks. 

"Okay," Jessica said and walked over to the phone while Kelly carried the popcorn and drinks into the other room. 

When Jessica walked into the family room, she found Jenny and Emily cuddled up together on the love seat while Kelly was waiting for her to join her on the sofa. Jessica happily cuddled up with Kelly on the sofa while Jenny started the movie. The movie wasn't on for more than a half hour before both couples had started making out. Jenny and Emily were deep in a French kiss and caressing each other's bodies oblivious to the fact that anyone else was in the room with them. 

At the same time on the couch, Jessica and Kelly were busy going at it themselves. Jessica had straddled Kelly's legs and was on top of her as they kissed and caressed each other's bodies. Jessica was grinding herself against Kelly's body as they kissed and Kelly kneaded Jessica's small breasts. Jessica started moaning softly and her breathing became shallower, she was rapidly losing herself in the passion of the moment. If Kelly wanted to she could strip her naked and take her right here in front of Jenny and Emily and Jessica wouldn't utter a word in protest. 

"I think...pant... that we should take this...pant... to the bedroom," Kelly said breathlessly. 

"Oh...Pant...Kay," Jessica replied just as breathlessly. 

"Okay girls, Jessica and I are going upstairs. Enjoy the movie but don't stay up too late. I know tomorrow's Friday, but it's still a school night," Kelly said to Jenny and Emily. 

"Okay Mom," Jenny said patronizingly, knowing that Jessica and her mom would as, she and Emily watched Kelly and Jessica walk down the hall to Kelly's bedroom. In less than five minutes, they heard the sounds of Jessica and Kelly's passion coming from the bedroom.

Part 2

Kelly barely had time to close the bedroom door before Jessica was all over her. Kelly was taken by surprise by fierceness and urgency of Jessica's lusty attack. It seemed like Jessica's hands and mouth were almost everywhere at once as she all but ripped Kelly's clothes from her body. Not completely sure how she got there Kelly found herself lying on her back on her bed naked with a ravenous Jessica between her legs devouring her pussy. She wasn't sure what had made Jessica like this, but she sure wasn't complaining about it either. 

"Ohhh god! Oh Jessica! Oh Yes! Yes! Yessssss!" Kelly cried out, as Jessica sent her rocketing to a strong climax. 

Kelly lay panting on the bed as she recovered from her orgasm, but Jessica was far from finished. She stood on the bed stripped out of her clothes and practically jumped on Kelly's upturned face. Not one to deny herself the pleasurable taste of her young lover's sweet pussy Kelly was about to grab onto Jessica's ass Jessica grabbed her wrists and forced her arms back up and over her head pinning them to the mattress as she ground her pussy against Kelly's face. Jessica rode Kelly's face with a ferocity neither had experienced before.

"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh," Jessica grunted, as she rocked back and forth on her lover's trapped face, she was panting and sweat was rolling off her body as if she were running a marathon. Her long hair was plastered to her face as she cried out with her release at the top of her lungs, "OHHHHHHHHAHHHHHHHHH!" 

Her body went rigid for several long seconds as her thighs clamped tight to Kelly's head like a vice, and then suddenly she sagged and fell off Kelly's face to the side and lay on the bed, beside her panting from her exertions. 

"I don't know what's gotten into you, but I like it," Kelly said between ragged breaths. 

"Really?" Jessica asked. She was afraid that her aggressiveness might have upset Kelly.

"Yeah really. I mean I don't want it to be like that every time, but it was pretty hot," Kelly replied. 

"I'm glad you liked it. I was afraid you'd be upset with me," Jessica said softly.
