 I was at my friend's house for the weekend.

It would be one of the last weekends that I would spend with her for a while. 

I was leaving for college in a few weeks, and she was going to cosmetology school in a couple states away.

Jessie and I have been friends for years, growing up together and discovering each other.

We did everything together, including masturbating.

She taught me, and I, in turn, taught my sister.

But more on that later.

Jessie's parents were going out on their date night, which to me, was like scheduled sex, which Jessie told me they have every Saturday.

So, we had the house to ourselves for the night. They didn't plan on being home until after midnight.

"Watch, my father will be up early the next morning with a goofy smile on his face," Jessie said.

"How do you know?" I asked.

"Because that means that he got his cock sucked in the car by my mother."

I had choked on my soda when she said that.

At seven, her parents were of, telling us to be good and all of that.

"What does she think, we are ten? You're almost twenty and I'm almost nineteen! Oh, man, we have to invite over a bunch of dudes and have an unprotected orgy..." 

She said this loudly so her mother could hear.

"Don't get smart with me. We're leaving." 

With that, they left, and I watched her father's ass as her walked behind his wife.

Jessie stood, and grabbed a movie off one of the shelves next to the TV, and put it in.

"I watched this last night, and I knew that you had to see it."

I watched as the opening to the movie was a steamy sex scene.

"What is it called?"

She smiled.

"Basic Instinct."

So, we both watched the movie, and by the end of it, my panties were soaked and I could have sworn that this was a porn movie.

"Did you like it?" she asked, turning to me.

I could see the lust in her eyes, and I nodded.

"Want to go upstairs to my room? I have something to show you."

I gulped and nodded again.

I don't consider myself a lesbian, but the way that Jessie's body looks when she is on the verge of orgasm makes me think I am sometimes.

She led me up to her room, and shut the door, even though no one was home.

"I found this in my mother's dresser when I was looking for some money."

She opened her drawer next to her bed and pulled out a vibrator.

It was pink and white stripped, a normal old vibrator that needed two batteries.

"I haven't tried it yet; I wanted to wait for you."

My clit throbbed.

I knew what to do with it.

She laid on the bed, and pulled her pants and underwear down over her hips, and I could tell that she was soaking wet too.

The movie had the same affect on her as it did me.

She spread her legs, and I saw that she shaved her pussy.

"Why did you shave?" I asked her.

Jessie smiled.

"I wanted to try something new."

She parted her lips and I saw her clit jump with her pulse.

She turned on the vibrator by turning the knob on the top.

It buzzed to life, and she put it on full speed.

She touched he clit with the tip, and gasped.

"Oh, God, this is...oh, my...fuck, this is amazing!"

I could feel my pussy begin to get wetter, and could not wait for her to come, and for it to be my turn.

Her hips lifted off the bed, and she groaned.

Sweat began to bead at her brow, nose, and lip.

It didn't take long at all for her to come.

She almost screamed and with the orgasm, she squirted across the bed.

Streaks of wetness splayed across my chest, and I shook with fever, and pulled it off.

She sat up.

"Wow, that was amazing! I have never felt something so good!"

She rolled off the bed, and handed me the vibrator, which was still on.

"Ok, go for it, Ava. Make yourself come."

She didn't need to tell me twice.

I took off my pants and shoved my yellow panties to the side, wanting to soak them.

Jessie put her face right to my lips and watched every pulse and jump it made.

I spread them open and put the vibrator to my clit.

It felt like fire, and my clit pulsed like crazy.

I knew I would be buying one of these soon.

And it would not take me long to come.

"God, look how red your lips are...wow, and you're so red, Ava, look at it!"

She kept whispering about how sexy it looked, and then I began to come.

I arched up, and she put her finger in my pussy.

"Oh God, Oh God!!!"

Jessie moved her finger up to my G-spot, and I squirted right in her face.

She loved it, and drank some of it down.

"Oh, that's so good!"

I collapsed, and shut off the vibrator.

I was breathing hard, and she wiggled up to me and held me.

Both of us were naked, and I fell asleep in her arms.

I knew that even though we would be away from each other for a while, I would make the trip to see her.

With a vibrator of my own.