 *ring ring ring*

"Babe can you get that!"

*ring ring ring*

"Ronny! I'm cooking can you.." 

*ring*

"Ugh I'll get it damn."

It was around 7 pm on a fall Tuesday night when I realized I finally had enough. Ronny, or Ronald rather is my husband of 3 years. We married right after college, literally right after. Graduation and a wedding all in one day. He was the perfect guy, tall about 6'5, muscular definitely a six pack and strong pecks, very handsome and treated me like a queen. 

But about a year ago things changed. Ronald started drinking more than usual after he was kicked out of his partnership with his buddies over a construction company. He was very smart I must say, but he was a pushover and it led to him being taken advantage of. Anyway, his job was gone and the man I had fell in love with was gone too. He no longer kissed me goodmorning or goodnight, he stopped calling me beautiful, the only time he would try to have sex with me was when he was wasted to the point of no return. 

About a couple of months with this change, I tried suggesting to get him help. It was a Saturday night and immediately following my comment, Ron slapped me. Full on back hand. Now I'm no wimpy woman, but he was much stronger and bigger than I was, and I'm no fool so I grabbed a few things and stormed out, the whole time him begging for forgiveness. He looked so petty yet so hurt inside and I could see the face of the man I really married. It wasn't enough to keep me at that moment. 

I needed time to myself, so I stayed away for about a month, talking to him here and there. 

One night in my hotel room I stopped and stared at myself in the mirror. I watched my every move, looked at my body, my curves, my muscles, my hair, and realized I was still young, only 26, and quite attractive.

Oh before I forget, my name is Mary, Mary Jensen. Some call me Mare. I have dirty blonde hair, length to right under my shoulders, hazel eyes, and quite a figure. I kept a tight figure from being on track and field all through high school and college, and 2 hour morning runs to this day. I go to the gym, and I squat which gave me a firm plump ass. My legs are muscular but long and feminine, a flat stomach, and perky c cup tits. 

"Not bad" I thought as I studied myself. I began tracing my hands up and down my torso, then lightly over my slit in my laced panties. That sent shivers through me and I bit my lip. At that point I hadn't been touched in months and sexually, I was going crazy. As badly as I wanted to masturbate. I snapped myself out of this frenzy and forced myself to go to bed. Afterall I did have to wake up early and go back to work. I'm a high school biology teacher, did I mention? Fun fun fun.

Later on the day after that, Ronald called me. Long story short, I forgave him and went back home at the end of the week. 

Life was perfect...for about 5 days back with him, then it got worse. Our marriage became a boxing match almost every day, and I tapped out early in the ring every night. 

Now, here we are mid fall. I just got back home from parent teacher conferences at work, and Ronald was bumming infront of the tv with a Jack Daniels handle on my coffee table. As I walked past him toward the kitchen I smiled shyly at him, said hi, and he leaned over to slap my ass as I went to go cook dinner. Ten minutes in to my preparing our meal the phone started ringing. I kept asking Ron to get it, then finally gave up.

"Ugh I'll get it damn." I exclaimed while basically skipping to the library to answer the landline call. By the time I reached the room the call ended and my dear husband stood in the doorway. 

"What did you say to me" his words slurred.

"I didn't say anything"

"Yes you did bitch, what the fuck did you just say to me huh?" starting to approach me "You need to watch how you talk to me"

Ronald pushed his two fingers into the side of my head and tried to kiss my cheek.

"I fuckin hate you Mary, you know that. Ya know how much I love you" another kiss on the cheek, other hand around my neck "Mare why don't we have sex" he said and tried to kiss my lips.

I pulled away and ran for my purse and cell phone. He got me, tackled me, and pinned my arms down. 

"Kiss me baby, you're so sexy, fuck me will you, huh?"

I started crying "Stop it Ronald you're drunk!" I got out.

Rage filled his eyed, his breaths shorter and faster, the sweat from his forehead dripping onto my face, and the smell of his alcohol drenched breath filling my nostrils.

All of a sudden my world went fuzzy. I saw a silhouette of an angry man over top of me, shaking me. There was a loud ringing in my ears and then nothing. I saw nothing, I heard nothing. Everything was dark and cold and lonely. Was I dead? Was I in a coma? I didn't know until I woke up. It could have been hours later or even minutes later. Time wasn't on my mind then, revenge was. 

I stood up and looked in the mirror. My hair was a mess, blood pouring from my nose, and to top it off, a bruise on my cheek bone. I looked like a mad woman on the outside, and felt like one at heart. 

Plenty of payback scenes ran through my head. 

1. Take a wine bottle and break it on his head

2. Straddle him and beat him up while he's sleep

3. Light an "accidental" fire and drive away

None of those would end well and I realized that being the overthinker that I am. 

My grandmother once told me that the best revenge is to walk away with your head up, move on from the bullshit, and carry yourself like a lady. Whoever treated you wrong will see that you're doing great without them and it'll kill them inside. 

A part of me still had love for Ronald, so of course I didn't want him dead. But to know that I could hurt his spirit, pride, and oversized ego made me want this revenge. 

I packed all of my belongings this time, wrote Mr. Jensen a note, and left..for good.

********

For about an hour I found myself driving around town crying and thinking. Everything was flashing so fast through my mind. I didn't know what I was going to do, where I was going to live, if I could survive in a house on my salary alone and no more help from Ronalds parents. 

The next thing I knew, I was parked in my coworkers driveway, Angie. Ever since I started working at the high school we've been inseparable. She is the same age as I am, and we lost our "teaching virginities" at the same school, same time. We were lost, but managed to help each other through the years. I'm proud to say that she is my best friend! 

I must've forgotten to turn my headlights off because I sparked Angies attention.

She walked to my car suspicious of who it was and knocked on the window. I looked up at her, tears streaming down my face, blood dried on my nose.

"Angie?" she asked "Angie is that you!?" she cleared the fog off the window to get a better look. while opening my door "Oh my god, come in the house babe" she said in an utterly shocked manner.

After getting me in the house, cleaned up and showered, I had to let her know what happened earlier...well last night considering it was 2 in the morning.

As we sat on the sofa, her awaiting a story and holding my hand, I looked into her eyes and started another break down. My eyes filled with tears and my lip quivered. 

"Ronald?" she asked

I shook my head yes. Angie released my hand really quickly, stood up, and paced back an forth infront of the tv.

"I'm gonna fucking kill that bastard!" looks at me "No no no, uh uh Mare don't look at me like that, do you see your face!?"

"Yeah but.."

"Stop it Mary! You're always making excuses for him! There's no talking your way out of this one. Do you know what it does to me seeing you hurt mentally emotionally and physically?"

I stood up and walked to her, stopping her in her tracks. Pulling her hand into mine and staring deep in her eyes I ask

"No, what does it do to you Ang?"

Her turn for teary eyes and lip quivers.

"It breaks me" she pushed out in a hushed tone "You're my bestfriend Mary. You're sweet, caring, beautiful, the whole nine. I don't want anyone hurting you, I love you so much."

I started crying again while we stood there embracing and comforting one another. My arms were around her neck, hers around my waist and her sobs subsided. 

"I can't live without you and if anything happened to you, especially at the hands of that douche bag, I'd go crazy." 

I squeezed her tighter and felt it in return. 

"I love you Angie, so much."

"I love you too Mare." we separated and wiped each others tears, Ang giggled "So much for me never crying huh?"

I laughed

"Yeah you're a real bulldog" serious mode again "But no really, thank you. I had nowhere to go and we both have work in the morning. I'm sorry"

"Hmm pish posh! Principal Walker will understand. Now let's watch a movie huh?" I shook my head, grinned at her and she led me to the couch, my hand in hers.

For some reason she turned on Spring Breakers. It was an odd choice but I wasn't complaining. 

This movie starts off with the showing of party girls boobs bouncing around. Now don't get me wrong, I'm no lesbian, but boobs have always intrigued me. I like to look at them, I don't know it's weird. 

Then I felt Angie squirming next to me so I looked at her and saw her staring, focusing at the tv and biting that pink bottom lip of hers. Ang really does have nice lips. 

She caught me looking at her and smiled at me shyly. I haven't had girl talk in a long time, so I decided to be direct and blunt.

"Is this making you horny Angela?" I asked in a funny way

"What!" she exclaimed

"Oh come on Ang, I saw you moving around and biting your lip, you always bite your lip when you see something you like!"

"Haha wow Mary"

"Welllllll"

"Yes fine ok!" I giggled at her "Hey stop laughing, it's been a dry spell for me!"

Angie is a lesbian and doesn't have a girlfriend because she's afraid of being held down. She loves sex though.

"Oh has it? A sexy girl like you"

I said.

Let me explain my bestfriend to you shall I? She's taller than me, 5'8 to my 5'3, no heels on. She doesn't have an athlete body, I guess you can just say she has that natural skinny, and puberty worked in her favor. Her tummy was flat and skinny with her navel pierced, no hour glass figure, but a very nice ass, small and firm that you could notice through any dress or skirt. Her breasts were very perky and round, I'd guess a 32C. Her hair was long and brown with the slightest blonde highlights, ocean blue eyes, and light freckles scattered across her nose and cheeks giving her that innocent school girl look. Angie doesn't lift whatsoever, but somehow has obvious muscles showing in her arms. Yeah guys, that's my girl for ya.

"Oh please, I'm nowhere near sexy. You, you on the other hand.." she paused.

"Me what?"

"Oh um..nothing. Let's just watch the movie?"

"Alright." I answered.

Any other girl could've picked up on what she wanted to say. I'm smart, but book smart. I've never really been all that street smart, so along the years I haven't picked on much of the flirting I was told people are doing with me.

30 minutes into the movie we were silent and then Angie says,

"My god is this a porno? There's so many boobs!"

I gave a little laugh and looked at her again. I didn't make it obvious, but it kinda was since we were cuddled and holding hands. 

Moment later she bursts out laughing.

"What's so funny?"

"You! I can see you keep looking at me!"

I tried to laugh but it came out as just a smirk.

"Oh wait, sorry, is this making you uncomfortable?" she went for the remote on the coffee table ahead of us and I grabbed her hand.

"No" I sort of whispered and pulled her back onto the sofa.

She looked back at me and our eyes met. 

"Well then wha.."

I cut her off. Only this cutoff wasn't with words. I kissed her. I couldn't believe myself, I kissed my best friend right on the lips. They were softer then I'd ever imagined. 

My lips got tingly, feeling hers respond kissing me back. My hand reached for her head to pull her in closer. I felt Angies mouth probing at mine initiating a French kiss, and I wasn't sure if I wanted that, I mean, I'm not a lesbian I thought! It felt so wrong yet so right, and my mouth opened in response to my heart, or maybe even my aching clit.

She released her wet tongue from it's cage and slowly, gently, sexily licked my bottom lip, and I felt her hands fall to my hips holding them in place.

I suckled on her tongue for a bit. It tasted sweet but I wanted more. I slowly leaned her onto her back, me on top of her, and bit her lip which caused her to moan. I smiled at that and feigned for her, every bit. We went into full making out. My tongue felt every part of her sweet beautiful young mouth and had me yearning for more. 

My hands started making their way down her sides and then she stopped. The amazing feeling I was getting on my lips ended so my hands pulled away and I looked down into her wanting eyes.

"We can't do this Mary. You can't do this." she sadly remarked.

I gave her puppy dog eyes

"What do you mean?" and pouted a bit.

While pushing me off of her in a caring way, we both sat up. She looked down, sighed, and ran her fingers through her hair, then looked back at me.

"You don't want this"

"Yes I do!"

"No you don't. Look at everything that just happened in the past day. Your marriage just ended last night, not even legally yet, and you're just looking for someone to love. For someone to make you feel..."

"Feel what" I said angrily

"Feel anything but lonely and depressed." I looked away and she pulled my face back toward her "Don't. I'm very attracted to you. Like, extremely attracted to you and I want this more than you can imagine" she assured me.

"Wait you are?"

"Yes. I have been from the first time I saw you standing there innocent in your tight blue teachers skirt" she teased, I giggled "And over the past 3 years I've grown feelings for you, but I just couldn't tell you"

"Why not!"

"Umm because you were married, happily. At least I thought. And because I thought you were straight.."

"I AM straight!" I exclaimed

Angie laughed

"No you're not. Who came on to who a couple minutes ago?" I frowned "Exactly. It's alright if you like me, I mean, I won't tell anybody" she grinned.

I waited a bit before I could get what I needed to say.

"Umm Ang?.... um I've actually been noticing females far different than usual. I see them like I see men, only....only hotter I guess." I felt weird.

"That's fine baby girl. You're bisexual, or at least bicurious. It's alright, I can help you find yourself, there's nothing to be ashamed of!" I smiled at her "Now we can check out girls together" she teased again

"C'mon it's getting late, let's go to bed" 

We turned the tv off and headed upstairs to her room to go to sleep. 

We got to her bed and she tore her top off and hopped in, then noticed my face. 

"Oh sorry, should I put a bra on? I usually sleep with just underwear remember?" she said

"Oh, umm yeah, it's cool sleep however, it's your house!" I said without laying one eye on her.

After I said that I took my shorts and top off, leaving me in my panties and bra. I've always slept like that. We both faced the outside of the bed, turned off the light, and said goodnight and I love you. 

I couldn't sleep. It must've been an hour or so and I was still wide awake thinking about Ronald, divorce, revenge, and then Angie. What had just happened in her living room. The thoughts wouldn't end. 

I peeked over my shoulder to see if Ang was still awake and noticed her squirming again. I couldn't help but watch. Then I heard a soft moan, one I could not ignore. 

So I creeped up behind her and held her close, she let out a gasp.

"Mare what are you.."

"Shhhhhh just let me" I whispered.

Angie was indeed masturbating, and I was very horny. I reached my hand around over hers that was covering her pussy and felt the heat emanating from it. Our hands collided as one, going in a circular motion. She was playing with her clit, but I wanted that hand to be my own. So I gently pushed hers aside and for the first time ever, I was rubbing a clit that wasn't mine.

As I did this I trailed kisses along her shoulder and up her silky soft neck, taking in her fruity scent that I adored. My kisses became slower as my hand went faster. She couldn't take it any longer and turned to me, giving me her soft pink lips to kiss. She tried so hard to keep that kiss, but ended up moaning into my mouth and saying,

"Please... please Mare just..unfff just fuck me already!"

I needed no further instruction, so I flipped the cover off of us, and eased my fingers down her sopping wet slit. She was now lying on her back, me next to her on my side, one of my legs over hers and my pussy was pressing on her thigh. 

Her naked body is a sight to see. Those perfect perky tits, pink nipples staring at me. Her ribs showing themselves then hiding again due to her heavy breathing. And her hips, thrusting upward begging for more. We were making out again, something I can't get enough of.

I stuck my middle finger in her tight hole and used my thumb to massage her clit. I pumped in and out and in and out

"Mmmm baby more..use more fingers"

I added two more fingers and fucked her. Leaving her lips, I kissed licked sucked and bit my way down her neck, causing more moans. As soon as I reached her tits I licked around her left nipple the nipped it. 

"Ahhhhh!" her high pitched squeal.

I began to lick and suck on them even more as a young infant would to it's mother. Me on her sensitive nipples, and fucking her tight cunt sent her over the edge.

"Yeahh Ahh don't stop, don't stop! Ughhhh oohhhh I'm gonna cum!!"

My hand started cramping, but I wasn't going to stop under any circumstances, she needed to cum and I wanted to make her cum. 

"Cum for me beautiful" I spoke, and she did. 

She couldn't even make a sound anymore. All there was, was heavy fast breathing, and her body spazzing out of control. 

As she came back down from her high, I was there watching her, smiling proud at what I had just done to her. Her eyes opened and she returned the smile.

"That was amazing Mary"

I kissed her one last time and turned over. I wasn't the one that had the orgasm, but I sure was beat. I heard her say that it was her turn to do me, but I shook my head no. She snuggled up behind me so that we were spooning and I fell asleep feeling safe there in her arms.

PART 2

"Calling Mary Jensen. Mrs. Jensen please come to the main office please, Mrs. Jensen to the office"

I heard the loud speaker calling me, but what was I supposed to do? I was in the middle of teaching my last class of the day.

5 minutes later

"Mrs. Jensen please contact the main office, thank you"

I heard the call once again. Did they not know I was teaching a class? I mean afterall, they could've looked it up in the records. Since the last thing that was said was to contact the office, I decided to tell my class to work on an individual book assignment while I headed to the computer at my desk to email this inconsiderate school office.

Me: Hi, you wanted me in the office?

Secretary: Yes you're husband is here and he says it's very important.

Me: Did he mention how important?

Secretary: I just asked him for you and he told me that it was none of my business. Mrs. Jensen this is a school we're in, please just take care of this.

Me: I'm very sorry that he came in like this. Do you mind telling him that I'm teaching a class and will be down as soon as it is over?

Secretary: Will do, have a nice day.

Me: Thank you.

I had no idea why Ronald was at my job. We haven't spoken since I left him and stayed at Angies place. I just know he's a drunken mess down there, I know it.
