 I stood up on the dais, almost completely naked and completely cold. I shifted my weight from foot to foot as I shivered uncontrollably and fought the urge to cover my body with my hands.

I glanced down at my lacy pink push up bra, you know that one they claim performs miracles, and well for me, it kind of did. They stayed up there and it gave me some serious cleavage. 

I thanked god that I remembered to wear the matching undies.

I was here for a fitting. My best friend was getting married and had decided to forgo tradition and was having all her brides maids dress in tuxedos. The best men were also wearing them, the big difference, theirs were the traditional black while ours, well, let say just that "peach" and "tuxedo" should never, ever be used in the same sentence. 

I cringed as the sales lady approached me; a long tape wrapped around one hand as she circled the dais and appraised my cold body.

"We have to take the measurements for your alterations," she spoke to me as she moved closer, her head hovering around my hips as I looked down and met her eyes. "Please hold your hands out to the sides and we can start there."

I did as she asked and she hopped up beside me on the platform. Her hands were cold as she ran the tape along my arms. I sucked in my breath as she slid it around my neck, stopping every so often to write a few numbers down in the small book that was in the front pocket of her mid length skirt.

Around my waist, just above at the bottom of my rib cage. She moved very close to me as she slung the tape around my back. Her scent filled my space, something sweet and flowery. She glanced at me and caught me sniffing, her face only inches from my own.  

"Sorry," I felt a fluttering of heat on my cheeks, "What is that smell? Its lovely." 

Her fingers looped the tape around my chest, "Thank you, It's called Mambo by Liz Claiborne." 

She slid the tape tight over my large breasts, her thumbs brushing over my nipples a few times as she positioned it again and again. 

I sucked in my breath, trying hard to ignore on the sensations of her warm fingers fleetingly touching my cool skin, her hot breath danced over the nape of my neck as she moved behind me.

She was making my nipples even harder!

I stiffened as I realized she was, in fact, turning me on with her small touches. Trying to hide my embarrassment as I bit my lips, trying to cover a low moan as her hands settled briefly over my tight nips. 

I had never been with a woman before, never really thought about it much, but to my surprise, I found myself getting aroused by her small touches

She moved the tape lower, adjusting it just below my breasts, the backs of her hands lingering as she stopped for a moment and wrote something down. Then returned them to measure again, her hands pressing into me.

I couldn't help it, I arched out a bit against the warm skin. My nipples smooshed briefly against the warmth of her palms. I could feel her breasts press against the warm skin of my back, I smiled as I realized I was not the only one broadcasting the cold in here.

She didn't seem to notice, but her hands stayed for a moment.

Then it was back to business. She moved from the dais onto the floor. 

"Feet together please." 

She spoke quietly as she started at my ankles, wrapping the tape around them and writing, then my calves, then my thighs.

She stood directly in front of me as she looped the tape around my hips, her nose just inches from my pussy as she leaned in and reached around me to grab the end of the tape.

I looked down at her, her brown hair piled high on her head, her small glasses slipping down her nose. I was definitely getting turned on! And to my shock it was by another woman! Impossible, I thought to myself, I was heterosexual! I love a nice big hard cock and the man attached to it. But looking down at her with her head so close to my sex, I knew that was exactly what was happening. 

My clit throbbed and I started to feel the tell tale signs of arousal. My sex twitched and grew damp as the sudden image of her face pushed against my bare cunt filled my head. The idea of feeling of her hot wet tongue pushed against my sex almost made me groan out loud as my pussy got even wetter.

She moved to one side, bent slightly as her hand lead the tape on long the length of my leg. She wrote something down then moved to the other side and repeated her action.

Moving in front of me she looked up into my blue eyes, "I need to measure your inseam, please stand with your wide legs apart."

My pussy clenched at her words and I moved my feet apart, I was a little embarrassed because I knew there was a noticeable wet spot on the crotch of my panties. And in a moment, if she cared to look there, so would she.

She wrapped one hand around my ankle, holding one end of the tape there. Her other hand flattened against my calf. She moved it up slowly, almost like a caress as she pulled the tape taught along the inside of my leg. My sex pulsed in anticipation as her hand ran over the smooth skin on the inside of my thigh.

It was then that I dared to glance down, her eyes were locked on her hand as it moved slowly up my leg. Her breathing was a little uneven as the side of her hand pressed lightly against my pussy, then a little harder. 

I did moan then, a low throaty sound as she came in contact with my hard clit. I shifted my stance a bit, opening my legs wider. Her hand stilled as she looked up at me, then back down to where her hand had stopped.

She smiled, and then moved her hands, stopping to write something down. Then she started to repeat the actions on the other leg. I looked up at the ceiling, mortified that I was standing there, another woman's hands on me and my pussy as wet as it was.

This time the movement of her hand was a caress, slipping slowly up my calf to my thigh. The cold plastic of the measuring tape, the warmth of her hand, her warm breath moving up my leg as she straightened, it was making me crazy, my legs slid another few inches apart and my pussy got a little wetter. And then I felt it, A rush of air over my heated sex. I snapped my head down just in time to see her lips purse again as she blew. I moaned again when the side of her hand hit my pussy.

This time she pressed hard, grinding the edge of her hand against my cunt. I moaned moved my hips as she pressed against me. I felt the tape fall somewhere around my feet as her hand cupped my pussy. She kneaded it, her fingers moved against the wet crotch of my panties as my hips rocked my sex against her palm.

She moved then, I groaned a bit as her hand left me only to tug my panties down my legs, She threw them aside and stepped back to me. I watched as her lips met my skin. A light kiss over my hipbone, then my tummy, as her fingertips went back to my pussy.

She stroked me, just on the outside. Sliding her fingers over the moist lips of my sex, down and back as her lips traveled over my skin. It was almost torture as she touched me. I rolled against her hand, my legs as far apart as I could get them, the smell of my arousal filling the air around us.

To my surprise, I realized I wanted more, and I told her with one low hissing word, 

"Yesssss."

Her fingers worked into my opening slowly, my legs almost buckling as she pushed deep inside me. I groaned loud, my hand moving to her head and pulling her slowly towards my pussy. I couldn't believe what I was doing, I have never thought a woman touching me this way would get me this hot, and certainly never about having a female mouth on my sex, but I wanted all that now.

She moaned as her nose bumped into the small amount of hair above my pussy. She nuzzled me and I felt her tongue flick out and lightly lick. I pushed her head closer to me...holding her there as her tongue came out and traced up the length of my slit. 

I hissed, tilting my hips. Her warm wet tongue slipped up and down my lower lips as her finger moved slowly in and out of my hole. I groaned, my wetness seeping from me and coating her fingers. She pushed harder, my whole body responded as her tongue flicked over the hard nub of my clit. I cried out as she licked me, exploring my hot pink folds slowly, making me shudder and pant as she teased me.

Her tongue rasped over my clit again and again. I tried to lock my knees, but knew I had to move before I came or I would literally fall over. I pulled her head back and moved, I sat down on the edge of the dais. 

She leaned in and kissed me, full on the lips. Her tongue pushed into my mouth and tangled with mine, I tasted my sweet flavors on her soft lips and moaned low into her mouth as my hands pinched her nipples through the thin material of her blouse.

I couldn't believe I was doing this, but she tasted so sweet, felt so soft, it just felt right! And she felt so good. Her hand returned to my sex, stroking it up and down as she dipped her head, her mouth locking over one of my lacy clad nipples.

I arched my back, lifting my hips as the warmth of her mouth closed around my hard nip. I reached behind me and in one movement pulled the bra away. She licked my breast, sucking them into the warm wetness of her mouth. She moved between them, nipping and flicking, until they were both puckered and straining.

Her fingers worked into my pussy, rhythmically pulling in and out as her mouth came back to mine. I reached down and unbuttoned her blouse. I had to touch her, had to feel her skin against mine.

Her breasts were small, well not that small, but somewhat smaller than mine. Topped with hard cherry pit nipples, and dusty rose silver dollar sized areolas She moaned for me as I pulled and pinched them between my fingers. I pulled her close, rubbing my hard nips against hers. An almost electric shock ran down my body as they flicked against mine. I moved side to side, bumping my pointed nips into hers again and again.

She pulled back, getting to her knees and pushing her face into my pussy again. I spread my legs wide, bringing my knees up as she ran her tongue over my sex and stabbed at my clit. She slid it up between my folds, my hips lifted as she brought me closer and closer to the edge. I grabbed her head and pushed her mouth against me as I rocked my hips. Crying out as her tongue dipped into me and then dragged up to flick over my hard clit, she locked her mouth around me and sucked, hard. I cried out, my hips bucking up as I came hard. Her fingers pushed into me hard and my muscles gripped them tight as my whole body spasmed and shook while she licked me to another peak, then another. 

I cried out over and over until I couldn't take it anymore, 

"Please...stop" I panted at her still moving tongue.

Her mouth moved off me and her fingers pulled away as my body started to relax. I steadied my breathing. God I felt amazing! My whole body was languid and my clit throbbed pleasantly in the aftermath.

I sat up and smiled at her, hopping down from the dais and pushing my body flush with hers. I kissed her hard, sliding my tongue against hers, tasting myself on her soft tongue. I spun us until her back was pressed against the edge of the dais then I started to tug at her clothes. Her blouse came off and I filled my palms with her perky breasts, flicking my thumbs over the tips as my mouth continued to move over hers. Her skin was so soft, so unlike a man. I moved my head down and ran my tongue over one hardened nipple, I sucked it into my mouth, flattening it against my tongue. I flicked over it, nipped at the tip. Tried to do everything I knew I liked. She was so responsive to me, moaning and arching her back as I teased her.

Her hands moved up to the back of my head, then I pulled back and lifted her onto the edge of the platform. I pushed her skirt up her legs, my eyes locked with hers as I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of her panties and slid them slowly down her legs, tossing them aside and pushing her legs wide apart.

I stared down at the very center of her. Her pussy was shaved clean, her lips crimson and pink. Her hard little clit poking through its hood as he shifted her hips, bringing her feet up beside her and opening her sex to my curious gaze. I had only seen my pussy up this close. Hers was as close to beautiful as a pussy can get.

I brought my hand up, running it up and down the length of her slit. Very cautiously at first. If was so soft, and she was already very wet. I explored her folds, then when she started to breath heavier I slid one finger into her.

She moaned as I marveled at the tight grip of her around my finger. I pushed another inside, then another. My thumb came up as I stroked it over her clit very lightly as I watched her body respond. She bucked up against my hand immediately as I touched her there, her little moans and whimpers all around me as I slid my fingers in and out of her.

I leaned in close, I wanted to taste her, to know her and give her the same pleasure she had given me. Her scent filled my nostrils, sweet and musky. I stilled my fingers, flicking my tongue out and just barely coming in contact with the tip of her clit, just a little lick, a little test taste. 

Her response was amazing, her hips lifted and she moaned loudly. 

I did it again. This time a little harder while my fingers started to rub against the walls of her pussy. 

She tasted so good, salty and sweet. I pulled my fingers back and wrapped my arms around her thighs, pulled her sex against my mouth and pushing my tongue through her folds, dipping into her hot entrance, then dragging up to her clit. I liked her like a starving man, I flicked it light and fast, just how I liked it then harder, stabbing and teasing her. 

She fisted her hand in my hair and ground her pussy against my mouth, crying out over and over. I took her higher and higher and when I knew she was almost there I locked my lips around her hard little clit and sucked hard while my fingers started to hammer in and out of her tight opening.

My hand slapping against her skin mixed with her cries as I felt her muscles contract around my hand and felt the tell tale gush of her juices over my fingers. I didn't let up, I licked and sucked at her clit, pounding my fingers into her until I made her cry out again....and then a third time. Then I licked her clean, the taste of her cum almost like sweet nectar on my tongue. I couldn't get enough!

She tugged my head away from her, I looked up into her smiling face, my own coated with the evidence of her pleasure. She leaned in and kissed me softly, her tongue cleaning her own juices from my lips as I moaned low into her mouth. 

It was then that we heard the jingle of the bells over the door, bringing us away from our own little world and alerting us that someone was either leaving or entering. We parted quickly, scrambling to pull on our clothes and act natural.

I stood again on the dais and she grabbed the tape, retaking my measurements as a small knock came on the outside wall.

"Honey?"

It was my husband.

"Im almost done," I hoped I sounded normal, "Just another minute babe."

She pulled a sheet of paper from her pocket and on the reverse wrote her address and her phone number. She handed it to me.

"We are having a special bride and groom shower for the happy couple this weekend, on Saturday," 

She paused a moment smiling at me, then reached out and began to flick her fingertip over my nipple as she spoke. 

"We didn't know if you'd be interested in coming, but after today, I am pretty sure that your husband, and especially you, will enjoy definitely yourselves. Small gifts appreciated...naughty lingerie preferably." She pinched my nip hard then pulled away from me, "I will see you there."