 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

I love water. Always have, always will. I love to drink it, I enjoy when it falls from the sky, but most of all, I appreciate feeling it all around me. But no matter how much I enjoy swimming, you wouldn't catch me dead in a chlorinated pool. I am a lake girl all the way. That's why I immediately jumped at the chance to spend the weekend in the country with a group of my friends. We were five and the cost for renting the cottage was minimal. But I would have paid a small fortune if it meant getting access to a lake for the weekend. Especially one where motor boating was outlawed. It would be a relaxing weekend with my friends. Or so I thought.

We were five. I knew three of the young women very well, but the fourth girl was a mere acquaintance. I had met her in passing a few times, but I would not have gone as far as calling her a friend. At least not yet. Little did I know, I would soon get to know her much more personally.

One of my friends had borrowed her parents' van and we were able to pack ourselves and all of our luggage into the vehicle. Due to everyone's schedule, we were forced to depart on Saturday morning instead of Friday evening. I was slightly disappointed, but I knew I would forget all about it as soon as we reached our destination.

The trip was rather uneventful. We chatted about this and that and I got to know the fourth girl a little better—for the purposes of this story, let's call her Candy. We were not yet friends, but I got the feeling we would get along famously. Plus, she was kind of hot and I was a sucker for a pretty face.

When we finally reached our destination, it was early afternoon. The main road leading to the cottage was being repaired and we were forced to take the long way around. But all that mattered was that we had finally arrived.

After getting settled in, we all agreed to head out for a refreshing swim. The lake was quite small, having only a dozen cottages having access to it. And given the total and utter lack of human presence, we soon determined we would be the only ones there for the weekend. Things were already looking up. But it was not until we reached the water that things became perfect.

Not only was there a large dock with a diving board, but we also had access to a small, private beach. My friends were obviously eager to enjoy the water, because they dove right in. As tempted as I was to imitate them, I decided to take things slow. Heading to the beach, I sat down and ran my toes through the hot sand. A soft sigh escaped me as I felt the warm sunrays caress my skin. As much as I enjoy living in the city, I miss the quietude of nature. The sounds of birds chirping. The song of frogs croaking. The splashing of my friends in the water. Okay, perhaps not that last one, but you get the point.

I sat there for a few minutes, watching my friends play. I was just about to join them when I saw something that left me speechless. Candy had decided to join me on the beach and was now swimming to shore. I watched in awe as she stood up and whipped her hair back. It felt like a movie. Things seemed to play out in slow motion as her body was revealed. I had always known she was pretty, but now that I saw her in that tiny bikini of hers, I realized she was a real knockout.

"Wow!" I thought, though I may have said it aloud. I was overwhelmed by the sight of Candy's flawless body and keeping my arousal contained was becoming increasingly difficult. I felt it grow within me like a volcano reaching its eruption point. Eventually, I was so aroused that I threw caution to the wind and gave in to the intense fantasy that was now growing within me.

The transition from reality to fantasy was a smooth one, but when I saw Candy stride toward me with lust-filled eyes, I knew the fantasy had begun. Knowing nothing that happened now would impact the real world, I gave in to the arousal coursing through my veins and smiled in giddy anticipation as Candy approached.

"What are you—" I began as she grew nearer.

She brought a finger to her lips and shushed me. Thrilled by the devilish smile I found on her lips, I fell silent and watched her drop to her knees before me. Without coming to a stop, she placed her hands upon my shoulders she gently pushed me to the ground. Laying atop me, she peered down into my eyes.

We shared a look of total and utter lust before she lowered her head. My eyes closed just as our lips made contact. A soft moan escaped me as I her tongue slithered into my mouth. When it made contact with mine, a shockwave of arousal rippled through me. Unable to resist it, I began passionately kissing her. As great as her tongue felt dancing alongside mine, I wanted more. Reaching up, I grabbed her ass and began playing with it. She seemed to appreciate, because she began moaning softly. Encouraged by this, I began feverishly manipulating her butt. I was desperate to show her just how hot she was making me. Unfortunately, she pulled away after a mere few seconds.

"What the..." I began, my eyes fluttering open. Candy smiled down at me reassuringly. I had no idea what she was up to, but I got the feeling I would enjoy it. Sure enough, she literally ripped my bikini top from my body.

"...fuck!" I finished when her lips made contact with one of my nipples. Her tongue soon joined the party. She worked hard, teasing each nipple in turn. Before long, they were as hard as rock and shivers of arousal rippled through me each time her tongue touched my skin. Her hands also played a part in her plan, but her tongue and lips were clearly the lead characters.

My lustful moans filled the air for almost a minute before she finally decided to move on. And not a second too soon, because all that teasing was threatening to drive me mad.

A few eager chuckles flowed past my lips as Candy tore my bikini bottom from my body. I was now fully nude and seconds away from the most intense lickfest of my life. Arousal pumping through my veins, l lifted my head and peered down at my beautiful lover.

"Fuck me!" I begged. Simultaneously, my legs parted and my pussy was revealed. My labia was engorged and glistened with my sweet pre-cum. I was so wet I felt like I had just gone for a swim. But it was Candy's tongue that was about to dive into the overflowing pool that was my pussy.

"Oh god!" I moaned as her tongue made contact with my labia. A shiver of anticipation ran through me and I feared she would tease me again. Luckily, the completely ignored my clit, instead thrusting her tongue deep into me.

She filled me up like never before. I had no idea if it was my imagination, but her tongue felt unnaturally large. Luckily, all that mattered was the incredible feeling it bestowed upon me as it began darting in and out of me. Each thrust let it reach new depths, each time retreating with a little more of my pre-cum. By the time the last few drops were gone, I was hornier than ever before. I moaned at the top of my lungs, begging for more. Begging for climax. Begging for the most intense release of my life.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I eventually shrieked. My pussy came to life and began to convulse around my lover's tongue. But Candy was not about to let a little seizing keep her from tongue fucking wave after wave of cum out of me. The hot nectar shot out of me with such force that I feared she would choke. But Candy was a strong woman and continued pleasuring me as she swallowed my hot orgasmilk.

I lost all track of time. I have no idea if it took a second or an hour, but I eventually felt the last wave ooze out of me. All I know was that I lay there, panting as Candy finally pulled away. Eyes closed and chest rising and falling to the rhythm of my short breaths, I struggled to recover. Unfortunately, that never happened.

"Are you coming?" asked a voice, snapping me back to reality. One quick glance around confirmed my worst fears. My fantasy was over and I was once again fully clothed.

An all-too-real Candy stood before me, peering down at me with an eager smile. She was just as beautiful as in my fantasy and I felt my arousal spike at her mere closeness. But I kept it contained long enough to jump up and run over to the water. The cool water washed away all of my arousal and left me free to enjoy my friends' company.

We spent the next few hours enjoying the water. Each time I laid eyes on one of my beautiful friends, I felt my arousal rise and I realized this weekend away from my normal life may not be as relaxing as I had anticipated. It would be a fantasy-filled weekend and nothing I did would change that. All I could do was enjoy the time I had left before another intense fantasy took hold of me. And trust my when I say it was only a matter of time before that happened.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez