 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.



Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them? Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

Boob jobs; the miracle or modern medicine. Many people claim to dislike fake breasts, but the truth is, bigger is always better—well, up to a certain point. Unlike most people, I do not pretend to only like real tits while secretly fantasizing about pornstar-type boobs. I say it loud and proud:

"I love big boobs, not matter if they are real or fake!"

Okay, by now, you are probably wondering why I am going on about boobs jobs. Unfortunately for those of you who thought—or hoped—it meant I got a breast augmentation, that is not the case. After all, there is no point in having a procedure that is completely unnecessary—for those of you how do not understand what that means, I just said I have big boobs. But that is beside the point; let me get back to the story at hand. The reason for this never-ending introduction is in fact quite simple; my friend got a boob job!

I had always been attracted to Candy—the name was changed for obvious reasons—but had never realized just how attractive she was until the day she showed up with the most gorgeous pair of D-Cup boobs. When she first walked in, I knew something was different about her. She was somehow much hotter than the last time I had seen her, but it took me a few moments to notice her inflated chest.

"Wow!" I gasped as I finally noticed her boobs.

She giggled shyly.

"Ca... can I see them?" I asked after trying to get a better look at her new tits through her blouse. She seemed surprised, but also proud of the attention she was getting.

"You mean ta... take off my top?" she stuttered nervously.

I nodded and gestured to our surroundings. We were alone in her apartment, so there was no risk of anyone walking in on us. She took a second to consider and her newly developed pride in her appearance soon outweighed her shy personality.

"Okay," she finally said as she reached up and fumbled with her blouse buttons. It took her a while, but she finally managed to undo her top. She hesitated for a second before removing her blouse, revealing the most perfect pair of boobs I had ever seen—okay, maybe that is an exaggeration, but they were definitely nicer than the B-Cups she used to have. I studied them in great detail, which was not hard given the fact that they were barely contained in a pink, lace bra. The more I gazed at her breasts, the hotter I got. Before long, it felt like I was on fire. Fortunately, a powerful wave of arousal washed over me, putting out the fires of passion that burned bright within me. Unfortunately, the heat was replaced by arousal; lots of arousal! It only took a few seconds before one of the most powerful fantasies of my life started to grow within me.

"Uh-oh!" I thought as I saw the world around me fade away, only to be replaced by an identical fantasy one.

"Can I touch them?" I asked, mere seconds after the fantasy had begun. My friend seemed a little surprised, but nodded nonetheless. I felt a wide smile curly my lips as I reached out with trembling hands.

"Mmmmm!" I could not help but moan softly as I grabbed her boobs. I could feel her soft skin beneath my fingers as I started squeezing them gently. Candy seemed to enjoy the attention, because a large smile was plastered across her face. Seeing this, I realized she would probably agree to an escalation.

"Can I see them... You know, all of them?" I asked.

The smile vanished from my friend's face. Still, she nodded after just a few seconds of deliberation. Reaching up, she unclasped the garment—she was wearing one of those front-clasped bras—and, after taking a deep breath for courage, pulled it off.

"Wow!" I gasped as I saw her new boobs in all their glory. The large scars that stood beneath each one of her breasts were still slightly red, but I knew it was just a matter of time before they turned white. I thought of asking if she had regained sensation in her nipples, but decided to opt for a different tactic.

My lips parted as I leaned forward. Moments later, I wrapped them around Candy's left nipple, across which I instantly started flicking my tongue. It took Candy a few seconds to realized what was going on, which told me the sensation had not yet returned to her nipples. But that did not stop me from stimulating them as best as I could—not to toot my own horn, but I am quite an expert when it comes to boobs.

"What are you do..." started Candy when she finally realized what was going on. But that was all she had time to say, because I pulled away the second I heard the first word leave her lips. Standing up straight, I reached out and pulled her in for a long, passionate kiss. I immediately started exploring very every nook and cranny. This went on for a few seconds before Sandy realized what was going on. But instead of pulling away, she started reciprocating my eager tongue strokes.

"Mmmmm!" we moaned in unison as we passionately make out, our tongues dancing about madly.

By the time the kiss ended, a good minute later, Candy had overcome her shy nature. In fact, a take-charge personality on one ever even knew was there had surfaced. The fires of passion burned bright in her eyes as she took a step toward me. Reaching out, she ripped open my blouse, revealing my bra-free boobs. Not wasting a second, she started stimulating my nipples with every tool at her disposal (fingers, lips, tongue and teeth).

"Oh god!" I moaned as I felt shivers of delight run through my body. My heart started pounding madly within my chest as my friend forced moan after moan out of me. Just when I was about to beg her to stop her teasing, she pulled away. I considered complaining, but did not have time because she pulled me in for another passionate make out session. I was slightly disappointed she had not decided to escalate, but forgot all about that when I felt her hand travel down to my crotch.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as I felt her fingers fumble around until she found what she was looking for; my pussy! Somehow managing to unbutton and unzip my jeans with one hand, she soon slipped her hand into my pants. As usual, I was panty-free, so she had not other obstacle to overcome before reaching my cunt.

"Mmmmm"! I moaned again as I felt her press her palm against my lower lips and start massaging my labia. I felt my pussy grow wet at the touch. Within seconds, it was ready to receive her fingers. Luckily, I did not have to wait long for her to escalate things.

"OH FUCK!" I moaned mentally as I felt two of her finger slither past my labia. I would have spoken aloud had it not been for the passionate make out session that was still growing in both length and passion. I am not quite sure how I managed it, but I was somehow able to keep on making out with my busty friend as she started darting her fingers in and out of my soaking wet cunt.

"MMM! MMM! MMM!" I moaned through a tongue-filled mouth as she furiously finger-fucked me. Most of my senses were being stimulated, but I still found the mental strength to come up with a brilliant idea. Not wasting a single second thinking things over, I put my plan into action. Reaching down, I fumbled around until I reached her crotch. Slipping my hand underneath her skirt, I managed to pull her panties down just enough for me to access her cunt. I smiled as I realized her pussy was clean-shaven—or I would have if not busy making out with my busty lover. I knew she only had limited time to catch up to me, so I did not waste a second teasing her labia. Instead, I forced two fingers deep into her sopping wet poon.

"MMMMM!" she moaned as I started jerking my hand back and forth, forcing my finger to dart in and out of he with great speed. Unfortunately, I felt an orgasm build within me mere seconds later. Fortunately, my friend was so turned on that I soon felt her pussy start to shake and shiver, letting me know she was about to climax as well. Sure enough, the first waves of hot orgasmilk soon gushed out of us.

"MMMMM!" we moaned in unison as we felt the other's hot nectar spray all over our fingers. We continued finger-fucking each other's clams as our tongues danced around each other's mouths.

Waves after waves of cum squirted out of us for what felt like an eternity before our bodies started to tire. The waves diminished in intensity before coming to a complete halt. Right then, I felt every muscle in my body give out and I crashed to the ground.

Unlike my other fantasies, it was not a sound that snapped me back to reality; it was a sensation. You know when you are just falling asleep, then get jerked awake because you feel like you are falling? Well, that is what happened to me. Glancing around, I soon realized neither of us had climaxed. There was not a drop of cum in sight and Candy's boobs were still hidden beneath her pink bra.

I knew the events I had just lived were nothing more than a fantasy, but I could not help and feel like the seduction I had laid on her could actually work in real life. With that in mind, I took the plunge.

"Can I see them... You know, all of them?" I asked.

Candy was stunned.

"What?" she asked, almost choking to death. I suddenly realized I might have been wrong; maybe it would not work in real life. Desperate to make up for my inappropriate request, I said the first thing that came to mind.

"I was just kidding," I assured her. She seemed skeptical, but finally nodded.

"Okay," she said as she put her blouse back on. I focused on her boobs, desperate to get as much ogling time as I could. When nothing but her cleavage was visible, I tore my eyes from her new chest. It was all over; like nothing had happened. But it had—at least, it had in my head. Sighing, I thought back to the lie I had just told her.

"Just kidding," I thought, "Yeah right!"