 Take a hike, buddy, she's got a girlfriend. 

* 

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment 

Girl Friday 

Kitten With Benefits 

Maid's Day Off 

A Beautiful Night 

Charlotte's Opening Day 

Best Laid Plans 

Charlotte's Secret Recipe 

Charlotte's Jazzy Halloween 

Tina's Plea Bargain 

The Third Wheel 

Charlotte's Summer Vacation 

It's a Gift 

Juliet's Play Date 

Little Miss Charlotte 

A Friendly Wager 

The Internet's Out 

* 

Author's Note 

As with all Mistress and Charlotte tales, this story contains elements of dominant-submissive role playing. It is safe, sane, and consensual, but if this type of thing offends you, please find something else to read. 

The events and characters in this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

All characters are of the age of eighteen and you should be too if you're reading this. 

* 

Prologue 

Natasha 

If you are a regular reader of our stories, you may recall an early one entitled "Best Laid Plans" in which Charlotte has a run in with a miscreant named Jeremy. Jeremy has it in his mind that Charlotte might need a boyfriend. And even though she disagrees, he refuses to accept her rejection. 

Fearing for her safety, Charlotte pays a visit to the campus police station at the university where she is enrolled. The detective on the case, Josephine Diamond, goes above and beyond to make sure Charlotte feels safe on campus, and always keeps her informed about any progress on the investigation. The two eventually form a friendship that continues even after Charlotte's graduation. 

One might think that Jeremy's expulsion from the university at the end of the story would be enough to keep him out of the picture forever. But, just like a bad penny... 

* 

My Boyfriend's Back 

Jo 

There's a light rapping on my door frame and I lift my gaze to see the face of Jimmy Dorsey, one of my veteran officers. He looks confused, which is not a look I am used to seeing on his face. 

"What's up, Jimmy?" 

"Sorry to bother you, lieutenant." Jimmy reaches around to scratch the back of his neck. "I woulda taken care of this myself, but—" 

"What is it, Jimmy?" 

"Well, we responded to a call about a possible assault... And Martinez clocked out already... And..." 

"And," I raise my eyebrows and peer at him over the tops of my reading glasses, "you need a translator?" 

"Yes, ma'am. If you don't mind. Sorry." 

I lock the screen on my computer, push my chair back and stand up. "No need to apologize, Jimmy, it's my job." 

"Yeah, but it's five-thirty on a Friday," Jimmy's scratching the back of his neck again. "And I figured maybe you had a hot date. Or something." 

I grin just a little. Tina and I don't really advertise our relationship, but good cops have a nose for figuring things out. It's kind of entertaining watching the veterans like Jimmy trying their best to be politically correct with something they may not be one-hundred percent on board with. 

"That's okay. Overtime comes with the job," I say. "Where you got him stashed?" 

"It's not the perp, lieutenant. Smith's got him in an interview room already. It's the vic. She's clammed up, and we got nothin' to hold the perp on if she won't file a complaint. I thought maybe you might have better luck." 

"Sure, I'll talk to her." 

I pull out my phone to text Tina that I'm going to be late, and step out to the lobby to find my victim. It's not hard, she's the only one in the lobby. Shiny black hair. Light brown skin. Young. She's sitting curled in a kind of ball, silent, with her legs up under herself. 

I put on my best 'protect and serve' smile and thrust my hand in the direction of the woman who seems more excited by the prospect of studying the carpet pattern at her feet than being greeted by me. 

"Hi, I'm Lieutenant Josephine Diamond." 

She reaches to shake my hand briefly and weakly, but refuses to look in my direction. 

"You can call me Jo." 

Nothing. 

I take a chance. "Yo hablo Español." 

Still nothing, so I sit down on the chair next to her. For the next minute and a half, we take turns staring at each other. Well, I stare at her, while her eyes remain fixed on the floor. 

"Desculpa, eu só falo Português," she mutters. 

I suck a breath through my teeth. I have no idea what she just said, but I'm pretty sure it means I'm going to need a translator, and maybe a dozen roses to apologize to Tina, because it looks like I'm going to be missing our date tonight. 

The young woman looks up. "And fluent English." 

I let out the breath I was holding. 

"You tried," she says, trying on a smile and failing. "I appreciate that. But, really, I just want to go home." 

"You're free to go anytime. I've got no reason to hold you here." I pull out one of my business cards and scribble my personal cell number on the back. "But I can't help you if you won't talk to me." 

"I'll be fine." She stands up and makes her way toward the door. "Pase usted buenas noches," she says, and then she's gone. 

I smile. Don't speak Spanish, huh? Clever girl. I hope you're clever enough to stay out of trouble. 

I reach for my phone and text Tina telling her I'm on my way. 

* 

"So, how was work?" Tina hands me a menu as I pull out the stool beside her. She says nothing further and stares out the full-length window at the people passing by on the sidewalk. 

I don't get the feeling that she's giving me the brush off, I just think she's been people watching to keep herself amused while she waited for me to show up. Still, I don't want to press my luck. 

"Sorry it took me so long," I say. "We had a young woman, an assault victim who didn't speak English. Well, at least we didn't think she did. It turns out—" 

Tina places her hand on top of mine. "Tell me one of the funny ones first," she says, gently squeezing my fingers. 

"Like the drunk kid they found last night sleeping in a tree?" 

Tina grins. "No shit?" 

"No shit." This is one of the perks of working for the University Police Department, an endless supply of drunken college kid stories. "It took three officers to get him down. A regular Tarzan, this one. It's the warm weather. Summer semester always brings out the goofballs." 

"So how'd he get up there? Climb?" 

"I suppose. Smith said the kid blew a point one-five on the breathalyzer. That's almost twice the legal limit. Said he could barely stand. He seemed pretty adamant that his tree was a good place to sleep, though." 

"Wasn't belligerent, was he?" Tina fell silent and took to rubbing the back of my hand. 

"No," I said. I knew what was on her mind. We'd been together too long to have any secrets from each other. There had been a string of assaults on campus—always female victims with brown skin and dark hair. She was worried about me. 

I kiss her on the cheek. "I can take care of myself, babe. Besides, I spend most of my time behind a desk these days anyway." 

"Yeah. Don't think I didn't notice." Tina pinches my waistline and grins. 

She pulls her hand away, but I grab it and push it back against me. "Sure, go ahead and convince yourself you're gonna look for flab, babe. But you won't find any." 

Weaving my fingers in with hers, I rub her hand up and down the side of me while her grin gets bigger. "I still teach self-defense classes, remember. Got to stay in shape to keep up with you." 

Tina rolls her eyes. "You gonna show me some of your moves later on? Maybe body slam me on the bed?" 

"This is self-defense class, babe. Yell for help. Run away. Not pro wrestling." 

After that, we both concentrate on our menus for a while. And even though we've been coming here for years, I keep looking at the menu trying to convince myself I'll try something new. I never do. 

I suppose that means I'm in a rut, and maybe that should scare me just a little bit—that Tina and I are settled down enough to be predictable. But there are worse things in life than predictable. 

I look at the silver band encircling the third finger of her hand, and at the matching one encircling mine. I smile. 

"General Tso's Chicken again?" she says. 

I nod. 

"One day you're gonna rot your insides with that stuff." 

"But not today, babe. Not today." 

I feel a vibration in my back pocket and reach around to pull out my phone. It's a text from Detective Smith back at the station. 

S: Perp's name is Jeremy Conklin. Thought you should know. Understand you have history. 

"Shit." 

I text Smith a quick thanks as a reply. 

Tina turns to look at me. 

"You mind if we stop by that little Italian place in the city when we're done here?" I say. 

"The one where Charlotte plays? Sure." Tina wraps her hands around my arm and leans her head on my shoulder. "You gonna ask her to play something romantic for us?" 

"I wish. I gotta tell her her stalker is back." 

* 

Charlotte looks absolutely radiant in her little black dress as she sits at the baby grand in the corner of the lounge. Natasha is parked in her usual spot at the bar, admiring her lovely and talented wife while sipping a Chardonnay. She turns to Tina and me and motions us over. 

"Hey you two," she says. "Nice to see you. It's been too long." 

The bartender nods in our direction before wordlessly setting a glass of Shiraz on a cocktail napkin in front of Tina and a Whiskey Old Fashioned in front of me. Apparently, it hasn't been that long. 

Charlotte glances over upon hearing Natasha's voice, and gives Tina and me a nod. She then transitions from what she's been playing into the chorus of "I'll Be Seeing You". How does she do that? 

A couple of guys at the bar who look like they came here for lunch and forgot to leave, raise their glasses and join in singing about all the old familiar places. I watch as Charlotte, Natasha, and Tina break into grins and start singing too. For a moment, I'm almost inclined to forget why I'm here, and the bad news I have to deliver. 

The song, and the reverie it's inspired, winds down when Charlotte announces that she's taking a short break and will be right back. 

"Hey, you guys," Charlotte says as she throws an arm around Tina and another around me. 

When I turn to look at her, I am surprised at just how much she looks like my vic from earlier this evening. They're almost identical in height, both have shiny black hair, and the skin tone is close. Close, but not quite. 

"Charlotte," I say, and stop as my breath catches in my throat. 

Natasha perks right up at my pause and comes over to stand behind Charlotte, placing a hand on her shoulder. 

Charlotte turns her gaze to me. "What is it?" she asks. 

"It's Jeremy. He's back." 

Charlotte shrinks back from me upon hearing the news. Natasha has her arms wrapped around Charlotte's waist now, and it looks like she's not just offering comfort, but maybe helping Charlotte keep to her feet. 

Charlotte straightens up her posture and takes a deep breath. "Okay, what do we do?" 

"Legally, there's not a lot I can do at the moment. I've only got an eye-witness from one victim so far, and she's refusing to say anything or file a report. I don't know why." 

I finish up by giving them the standard speech. Don't go anywhere alone. Keep doors and windows locked. Call the police or call me if you see him, or even if you just feel uncomfortable. I've given this speech at least a hundred times, but somehow it's harder with somebody I know. 

* 

Boxers Are a Girl's Best Friend 

Charlotte 

"Juliet, darling," I call into the house, as I open the service door from the garage, "put some pants on. Mistress wants to get a dog." 

Juliet comes bounding in from the living room. She's wearing a pair of boy shorts, with a yellow smiley face on the crotch, and nothing else. Her phone is tucked into the waistband. She's got a pair of ear buds, only one of which is in her ear at the moment, with the other hanging around her neck, leaking speed metal into the surrounding air. 

"What?" she says, cocking her head to the side. 

I reach out and lay my palms against her diminutive breasts, sliding my hands down until her erect nipples are trapped between my middle and third fingers. I give her a little squeeze. 

"Mistress wants to adopt a dog," I say slowly so she can understand me over the noise. Then I lean forward and slather both of her nipples with my tongue. "So go put some clothes on." 

Juliet straightens up, shoots me a quick salute, and then trots off toward the stairs. A minute later she's standing in front of me in an old Rush 2112 concert T-shirt and a pair of cut-off jean shorts that aren't doing much to hide the yellow smiley face underneath. 

"Ready," she announces, grinning like a mad woman. 

We traipse out to the garage where Mistress is waiting for us in the car. 

"Not that I'm complaining," Juliet says, "but, why are we getting a dog?" 

"Long story," I say, as we pile in. 

* 

Mistress, Juliet and I are all sitting on a vinyl padded bench in the county animal shelter in a windowed area that is labeled the Meet and Greet room. The air smells a little like cat pee and bleach. 

"Her name is Bella," says the guy who introduced himself as Dave when we came in. "She's a real sweetheart. Very mellow." 

I take another look at Dave, who looks pretty mellow himself, and then turn my eyes to Bella. Dave's right, Bella is a sweetheart—a female boxer standing tall and proud as she walks right over to nose Juliet in the knee. 

"Oh, Bella." Juliet proceeds to scratch her new friend behind the ears. "You're a cutie. Yes, you are." 

Bella is now pressing her head against my knee, while she enjoys a good back scratching from Juliet. 

"Hi, sweetie," I say. 

Bella lays her chin on my thigh, obviously in doggie heaven with all the attention she's getting. 

"Is she pure boxer?" Mistress asks. 

"We think there's a little Pit Bull Terrier in there too," Dave says. "You can kind of see it in her build. She's a little more solid. Real good with kids though, so if there's any youngins at home—" 

"Just us," Juliet blurts, and turns her attention to scratching Bella's rear end. 

"She a good guard dog?" Mistress gets right to the point. 

"She's obviously a strong breed and she'll be very protective of anyone in her pack," Dave says. "If you take her home and treat her right, you'll be her pack. Looks like you're halfway there already." Dave looks over at Juliet and me, who are still determined to give Bella all the attention she desires. 

"Girls?" Natasha looks at Juliet and me. We both nod vigorously. 

"There's some paperwork," Dave says. "Shots, and tests. You can probably pick her up on Tuesday. Does that sound okay?" 

Juliet looks like someone had just let the air out of her tires. "We can't take her home today?" 

"Sorry," Dave says. "It's just a couple days." 

As we leave, Bella is standing up on her hind legs, with her front paws resting on the frame of the large reinforced glass picture window that separates the Meet and Greet room from the lobby of the animal shelter. Juliet and I make kissy faces while Mistress passes her credit card over to the young woman behind the front counter. 

"See you Tuesday," the woman says, as she collects the paperwork Mistress has just signed. 

"Bye, Bella." Juliet and I both wave. 

* 

"Let's go introduce her to Jo and Tina," I say, while lifting Bella's leash from the coat hook by the back door. 

"Okay," Juliet says. "Gimme a minute to finish up this email." 

Juliet is lounging naked on the couch with her laptop sitting open on the coffee table a few inches away. I have no idea how she can type like that, but apparently she manages. 

"Anything exciting?" I ask. Juliet's been working remotely on a project for a movie score. She's the music director. I'm curious about new developments because it's something that I'm loosely involved in too as a session musician, getting the job mainly because I'm sleeping with the music director. 

"Nope, just somebody's stupid ego holding things up. Just gotta smooth it out." 

I don't even ask, and thank my lucky stars that I don't have to deal with that end of the business. Mistress is off dealing with one of her I.T. projects that's looking like it's going to run over budget. I don't understand any of that stuff either. Don't want to. 

All I have to worry about is Bella. And creepy stalker dude. I worry about him a little bit too—more than I would care to admit in front of Mistress and Juliet. 

"You'll keep me safe, right Bella?" I reach over and scratch the newest member of our family behind her ears. 

"What's that?" Juliet hollers. 

"Talking to the dog, darling." 

"Right. Just another minute, I promise." 

"You think they'll let her ride the light rail?" 

"Can she pass as a service dog?" I hear Juliet snickering. "I think we're walking." 

* 

"She's adorable," Jo says, looking at Bella. 

Bella has parked herself right between Jo and Tina, and is putting on her best 'they never feed me at home' sad-eyed look while Tina occasionally sneaks Bella bits of carrot from her lunch. 

We've decided to meet at the park near campus, figuring that Bella wouldn't be welcome inside the buildings where Jo and Tina work. It's a beautiful day and it feels good to connect with old friends, even if it is for less than joyful reasons. 

Juliet has already inhaled her food, and now sits about as patiently as a schoolgirl with attention deficit disorder, ready to toss the ball that she's brought along for Bella. 

"Tina, honey." Jo tilts her head in Juliet's direction. 

"Oh, sorry." Tina holds the backs her hands up to Bella and then turns them over in the sign language gesture for finished. Amazingly, Bella gets it, and stands up. "Go play ball with Juliet, okay." 

"Smart dog," Jo says, obviously impressed, as Bella and Juliet scamper off. 

I turn toward Jo. "Any news?" 

"Nothing yet, sorry." 

Jo takes another bite of her sandwich and then holds her index finger up in a halting gesture. 

"Mm" she says while still chewing, "before I forget..." Jo reaches into her back pocket and pulls out her wallet. From inside she produces two business cards. 

"I teach a self-defense class on Wednesday nights." Jo slides the cards over to me. "I expect see you and Juliet there promptly at six-thirty. These cards will get you in free." 

"Thanks," I say. 

The conversation is pretty subdued after that. Tina asks about the movie score and I tell her that it's mostly Juliet's thing and I just play piano when she tells me too. That earns me a lighthearted chuckle. 

Everyone is careful to steer away from the topic of Jeremy, my stalker at large, and I mostly put it out of my mind. That is until Juliet comes back with a girl holding a hand to her face and Bella traipsing along a few paces behind, looking like she thinks she's in trouble. 

"You got any ice in that lunch bag?" Juliet asks. 

Jo is already up, wrapping a cloth napkin around a half-full plastic bottle of cold water. She passes it to the new girl who holds it against her face. 

"What happened?" Tina asks. 

"This is Ana Maria," Juliet says. "She and Bella kind of ran into each other while we were playing fetch." 

Ana Maria smiles, then she looks at Jo and the corners of her mouth fall. "Desculpa," she says, "Desculpa," and begins to fidget while trying to pull away from Jo's improvised ice pack. 

"Buenas Tardes, Ana Maria," Jo says. 

Tina, Juliet and I look at each other "You know each other?" 

"We've met," Jo says. "Briefly." 

Ana Maria is looking around like she's ready to bolt. "I told you, I can take care of myself." 
