 Chapter 2: Learning from Nora

Christie lay beneath her husband. Above her, Tony, her husband was doing his best to satisfy her. But Christie's mind was not on the valiant effort her husband was making. Instead, she was remembering the fucking she had received earlier in the day. Her pussy began to pulse; as her mind remembered Tom’s hard throbbing dick as it tore into her soft, yielding pussy. And the things that Nora, his Latin neighbor, had done to her were even more sexually intensive. 

Christie couldn’t help it. She grabbed her husband hard and fucked her pussy up into his driving plunges. His puny attempt to fuck her almost caused her to laugh. How could two brothers be so different? She could feel his actions become more frantic. With a sigh, she hoped he would hurry and finish. “Oh sweetie! I’m gonna cum! Oh honey, I love you!” With that, she felt him shoot his small load into her cunt. Christie moaned and humped her pussy hard. But she was only giving him a fake orgasm. After the way Tom had fucked her, she didn’t think Tony’s puny dick would ever satisfy her again.

Tony rolled off of her and hugged her tight. “Oh Christie, that was great. I thought you would still be mad at me for making you give the money back to Tony. But after I called him, he told me he understood. He said that he would take it back, but I had to promise that he could take us to dinner next week.” Christie’s heart stopped. Tom wanted to take her and Tony out to dinner. Would he tell his brother about how he had fucked her? Would he ruin her marriage?

Christie let her husband get up and go into the bathroom to wash up. He always insisted that he wash up right after sex. Tom would have made her clean his dick. Tony came back out of the bathroom and kissed his wife on the lips before allowing her to go wash up. Christie walked into the bathroom. She ran the water and washed up. Then she filled her douche bottle and sat on the toilet. As she pushed the nozzle into her cunt, she couldn’t help but remember Nora’s tongue sliding into her cunt. Christie bit her lips to stifle her moan. Instead of letting the water wash his cum from her cunt, she used the nozzle to sit there and tease her pussy.

When she got back into bed, many minutes later, Tony was asleep already. His soft snoring, as she looked down on him, almost turned her stomach. She walked into the living room and sat in the dark. Christie’s mind replayed the scene from this afternoon. Nora had moaned into her pussy as Tom shoved every inch of his long, fat dick up Nora’s ass. And Christie, up to that moment, having never touched another woman, was eagerly licking and sucking Nora’s cunt. Nora looked at the bedroom door. It was closed securely and she could hear Tony’s snoring, even through the door. It always got louder the harder he slept. And from the way it sounded, he was sleeping very soundly. Christie had not been satisfied by her husband’s attempt on her. Getting up, she walked to the closet and found her hidden toy. Then grabbing a towel to sit on, she opened her thighs.

Christie didn’t make any attempt at foreplay. Instead, she opened her thigh and thrust the dildo deep in her pussy. She bit her lip to stifle her scream. She fucked her pussy hard and deep. Just the way tom had fucked her. Her hand reached up and she grabbed her nipple. Christie had never felt Tony touch her in any way but soft and tenderly. But Tom was neither soft nor gentle. Twisting her nipples savagely, Christie’s thighs shook, as the orgasm her husband couldn’t give her, she gave to herself. Thick crème oozed from Christie’s pussy and was soaked up by the towel. Her whole body shook as wave after wave of bliss shook her body. She got up and after sucking her juice from the dildo wiped her pussy. Christie buried the towel beneath other clothes in the hamper. Then with a sigh, she went into the bedroom and fell asleep.

Her coffee cup sat on the table, the contents growing colder. Christie’s mind couldn’t help but think about the dinner her brother-in-law turned lover had suggested. The phones ringing shook her out of her wandering. “Hello?” 

“Good morning, Senoretta! Tony gave me you phone number. I was wondering if you would like to have coffee with me this morning?” Christie’s heart stopped. Nora, the Latin neighbor of her brother-in-law, had called her home. “Uh, hello Nora. Where’s Tom?” 

Nora laughed. “Oh, he had to go out of town on business. I thought that after yesterday, maybe you and I should talk. Did I call you at a bad time?” 

Christie’s mind was reeling. Why would this woman be calling her at her home? “Uh, no Nora. No, this isn’t a bad time. But why would you be calling me?” 

Nora took a deep breath. “Look Christie, I know that yesterday was the first time you ever did anything like that. I just figured that maybe you needed to talk about it. If I upset you, I’m sorry.”

Christie could tell that Nora was about to hang up. “Wait! I, I’d like to have coffee with you Nora. I think that it would be better if we did get together and talk?” 

Nora laughed into the phone. “You know where I live, right?” When Christie said she did and Nora told her to just open the door when she got there. After Christie hung up, she went into the bedroom and changed. She wore a plain yet sexy bra and panty set. Then put on a fresh housedress. She didn’t bother with stockings since she rarely wore them anyway. When she arrived at Nora's house, she knocked on the door and walked in. she didn’t know what to expect, but she was surprised when she saw Nora sitting at the kitchen table. Nora was sitting at her kitchen table looking no different than any other housewife. When Nora saw the look on Christie’s face she laughed.

“What’s the matter? Did you think I would be wearing some kind of weird outfit, ready to rape you as soon as you walked in the door?” trying to hide her embarrassment, Christie nodded her head, yes. Nora held up the coffee urn and Christie nodded her head as she sat down. She watched Nora poor the cup of coffee. Then as they sat sipping she noticed that Nora stared at her. “What?” Nora smiled at her. “That was the first time you were ever with another woman, wasn’t it?” 

Christie wanted to lie, but knew it would show. “Yes.” 

Nora nodded her head. “And you had no idea that your brother-in-law would do that to you?” 

“No.” 

Nora looked at Christie and smiled. “But you did like it, didn’t you?” 

This time when Christie answered, she had a big smile on her face. “I have never done anything like that before. At first I was scared to death! But then, the more into it I got, the more I wanted it to happen. Then when you walked in, I wanted to die. I had never even thought about touching another woman. But you knew just what to do to get pass that.”

Nora took a sip from her cup. Then she got up and refilled both cups. “Let’s go into the living room and sit more comfortably.” When they were seated in facing chairs, Nora sipped her coffee as she looked at Christie. “I will tell you something. When I first met Tony, I would tease him to no end. He was big, strong and cute as hell. I played up the hot Latin momma to the hilt. Then one day, he came by to help fix my shower. It was hot and he was wearing a tight pair of shorts. When I saw the size of his big hardon, I knew I wanted him to fuck me. I teased him until he just grabbed me. He pulled me close and kissed me hard. I just knew he was going to rip my clothes off and fuck me right there in the bathroom. But, he just let me go and told me that I was playing with fire and had better watch out before I got burned.” I was determined that I was going to get that big black snake in my cunt. That’s when I started calling it, the boa constrictor. I played with my pussy all night thinking about how it would feel. I am a divorcee and even though I have a few male friends, I don’t have a steady dick..”

Nora took a sip from her cup. Christie couldn’t help it when her eyes strayed down to Nora’s creamy tanned thighs. Her housedress had risen up a bit and opened at the bottom. Christie could just barely see where her thighs joined together. “What happened next?” Nora snorted out her laughter. “What do you think happened? The very next day, I went to his house. When he let me in and I saw he was home by himself, I opened my dress and told him I wanted him to fuck me.” 

Nora’s breathing had grown a bit faster, with the telling of her story. And her eyes were closed down to tiny slits. It was as if she was reliving the scenes in her mind. “I had an idea that he was already fucking at least two of the housewives on the block. I wanted to be number 3. Tony laughed and told me I had no idea of what I was getting into. I began to rub my naked tits and pussy in front of him. I told him that with a dick the size he had, I didn’t care. Tony grabbed me by my hair and forced me to the floor on my knees. Then he pulled his dick from his pants. I couldn’t believe the size of it.” Nora’s hands had begun to rub up and down her thigh. She had set her cup down and her other hand touched her tit. Christie could see how the nipple had hardened and was poking thru the thin material.

Nora’s hand slipped underneath the hem of her dress. “Tony shoved that dick in my mouth and forced me to suck it. He made sure I gagged and choked as he pushed it to the back of my throat. But I’m a cocksucker from way back. When I pushed the ridge of my throat past the head and took him all the way in, he was mine. I let Tony fuck my throat the way I wanted him to fuck my cunt. Tony told me that if he was going to fuck me, I would have to do anything he told me to do. Hell! I would have promised to slit my throat to fuck him. He said he needed a hot slut to help him fuck the other women on the block. And I was going to be that slut.” 

Nora was openly fingering her pussy in front of Christie. But instead of being embarrassed, Christie was getting turned on. “Did he fuck you?” Nora opened her eyes and looked directly into Christie’s eyes. Then she got up and walked over to the woman. She went behind her and put her hands on Christie's shoulders. Christie didn’t move as Nora slid her hands down until they cupped her tits.

“Tony made me play with my pussy while he fucked my mouth. He wasn’t satisfied, until I had four fingers stretching my pussy open. Then he made me stop sucking him and suck my fingers clean. He told me I had better get used to the taste of pussy cause I was going to lick the pussy of every woman he was fuckin. Then he made me gut up on my hands and knees on the couch.” Nora’s hands had slid down inside Christie’s dress, and were massaging her tits inside her bra. Christie leaned her head back and savored the feel of the other woman. 

“Play with your pussy Christie.” Nora said the words so soft and low, Christie didn’t even think as her hands pulled her dress up and slipped inside her panty. “Tony took his time fucking me that first time. I remember how I moaned the first time I felt that monster push into my pussy. I could barely breath. It felt like his dick would never end. He went deeper inside my cunt than any man ever did.” Nora was pulling and pinching Christie’s nipples. Christie, however, wasn’t idle. Her fingers were pumping in and out of her wet pussy. 

“Wouldn’t you like to take this into the bedroom? I’m sure you would feel so much better laying naked on my bed.” Christie couldn’t speak. She could only nod. Nora helped her up and led her into the bedroom. Then she slowly undressed Christie. Laying her on the bed, Nora licked up and down Christie’s thighs. Then her tongue found Christie’s wet, open cunt. Christie cried out as Nora’s long expert tongue slowly fucked into her. She had never felt anything like what this woman was giving her. Nora reached down and grasped the lips of her cunt. 

She pulled them open wide. So wide that it hurt. She propped herself up to look. Nora was staring back at her. Then the Latin slut sucked on her clit. Christie screamed as she pumped her pulsing pussy up into the woman’s mouth. And Nora licked and sucked until Christie fell back on the bed. Nora got up next to her and pulled her close. The two women kissed like long accustomed lovers. Their tongues intertwining, sliding back and forth, as they clung desperately to each other.

“Tell me more”, Christie moaned, as her fingers found Nora’s cunt. Nora was slowly humping her pussy into Christie’s probing fingers. “Tony fucked me slow. But he fucked me deep. He made me grunt like a pig, each time his dick hit bottom. And when he was covered with my crème, he would pull his dick out and make me suck it clean. I was out of my mind with lust.” Nora reached back and her hand fumbled in her night table drawer. She came out with a double-headed dildo, about 18 inches long. Christie’s eyes widened with curiosity. 

Nora pushed one end of it into Christie’s cunt. Then she squirmed around until she had positioned herself. Christie watched as Nora pushed the other end of the thick dildo into her own cunt. Then she began to rock slowly. Christie had used a dildo before. She had her own thick shaft hidden in her closet. But she had never experienced having one used on her by another woman. Especially with the woman having the same dildo buried in her own cunt. Nora had been holding the middle of the dildo but when Christie reached down and held it, she took her hands off.

Both women looked down at the dildo as they rocked back and forth on it. It was flexible enough for Nora to sit up and grab Christie’s tit. She pinched and pulled one nipple and then the other. “You had better get used to feel them hurt. Tony always leaves my nipples sore after he fucks me.” Christie was moaning as she jerked the dildo in and out of their cunts. Nora was moaning and cursing as the dildo was shoved deep in her cunt. “That’s right, Christie. Push it all the way in. don’t worry, I like it to hurt. Just like Tony does me. Oh, you’re gonna be such a hot slut. I can’t wait until we fuck some of the stuck up bitches on this block.” Christie had her eyes closed tight. “How many bitches does Tony fuck?” “Christie! Shove your finger in my ass. Shove it in deep.” Christie slid her hand along Nora’s thigh and then under her hip. Her fingertip found the puckered hole and she shoved hard. Luckily, she had short fingernails.

Nora renewed her humping, now impaled in both holes. “He’s, Oh shit! Fuck my holes slut! Tony is fucking 5 of the housewives on this block. He’s had me fuck three of them. Oh baby! That feels so good. Push another finger in my ass.” Christie was fuckin the dildo hard. She was on the verge of cumming. Both women were right on the edge. Suddenly with a dry, both women began to cum. their thighs jumped and thrashed as both hot pussies covered their ends of the dildo with hot crème. Then they both lay back exhausted as they came down off their climatic high. Nora watched as Christie pulled the dildo from their cunts. 

Then turning it around, so that each end faced the other girl’s mouth, she began to suck. Her end had the taste of Nora on it. Laughing, Nora lifted up and sucked the end that had been planted in Christie’s cunt. The women laughed after they had sucked each end clean. Then Christie looked at Nora. “Damn, Nora! That was the wildest thing I’ve ever done.” Then she giggled. “Can we do it again?” Nora reached out and grabbed her around the neck. Pulling Christie to her, she kissed the woman. Then let her go. “We’ll do something even better.”

Christie asked her if she had anything stronger than coffee. Nora laughed and jumped up off the bed. She came back with two tall glasses. Christie took a cautious sip. Then took a big swallow. “I love rum and coke.” Nora sipped from her glass then winked at Christie. She rummaged in her drawer and this time came up with a bundle of leather. Christie watched as Nora strapped the leather harness about herself. Then with a smile, she took the dildo, and pushed half of it into the hole that covered her pussy. Then she stepped back and threw her hands open. 

“Tataaa! Instant man!” 

Christie burst out laughing. “Nora! Where did you get such a thing?” 

Nora smiled as she reached down and stroked it the same way Tony had stroked his dick. “Do you like it? Tony bought it for me so that we could double fuck the girls. I like to use it to just fuck them. And I can change the size of the dildo so that I can fuck either hole.” Christie couldn’t believe it. “You mean, you even fuck them in the ass, with that?” Nora blew a kiss to Christie. “Honey! I think you had better get used to the feel of this in your ass, before you even think about letting Tony fuck you there. And Tony loves ass fuckin. He’s stretched every asshole he’s fucked. And I get to fuck their other hole.”

Nora pulled Christie to the edge of the bed. Then pulled her thighs open. Guiding her fake cock, she positioned herself between Christie’s thighs. Christie looked down and watched the head slide into her cunt. Nora held her by the hips and began to fuck her. Christie gasped and moaned. It felt just like a real man was fucking her. Nora fucked Christie to three screaming climaxes. Then she pulled out and had the woman suck the fake dick clean. “Now, it’s time to get your ass stretched a little bit.” Christie began to back up on the bed. 

“You’re not gonna shove that big thing in my ass? It’s practically as fat and long as Tony’s dick is.” 

Nora laughed. “No silly. I’m gonna use a much smaller and thinner one.” Christie watched as Nora pulled the long fat one loose and replaced it with a much smaller and thinner one. “Now! Get on the bed, on your hands and knees.” 

Hesitant at first, Christie shrugged. “What the hell! I guess it would be better being broken in by you than trying to take Tony’s fat dick in my ass. Tom would surely know something’s wrong if I came home with my asshole ripped open.”

Christie got up on her hands and knees and wiggled her ass in the air. Nora smacked her playfully across the ass. Nothing like Tony had done. “Now just relax. No matter what you feel, just close your eyes and relax.” Christie closed her eyes and took a deep breath. But instead of feeling Nora trying to invade her, she felt the woman’s soft hands on her body. Nora was petting her and stroking her and Christie started to relax. 

Then she felt Nora’s hot breath on her ass. Christie jumped when Nora’s tongue tip touched her asshole. But she soon began to moan as Nora’s talented tongue made love to her asshole. When she thought she couldn’t stand much more, Nora stopped. Then Christie jumped again as she felt something cold being smeared around her hole. “This should make it easier and deaden the pain some.” Christie felt Nora ease up against her ass. Then she felt the pressure as Nora began to push the tip of the dildo into her. “Easy! Please go easy?”

Nora looked down at Christie’s ass cheeks. She loved looking down at the crack of another woman’s ass. “Just relax. I’m gonna go as slow as I can. Now breathe easy.” Nora pushed with her hips and the tip of the dildo eased into Christie’s ass. It felt like she was trying to take a shit. But her ass would only open so far. Then the head of the dildo slipped in. Christie groaned as her asshole suddenly felt stuffed. “No! Take it out! It hurts!” Nora shushed her. Christie took deep breaths. When she felt her ass begin to accommodate the size, she told Nora to continue. 

Slowly, Nora worked her hips back and forth. She soon had about three inches of fake dick in Christie’s asshole. Nora smacked Christie on the ass. “Oh yea! You’re taking more of it now. How’s it feel?” Christie moaned. “It feels like a fat log is being pushed up my ass. What the fuck do you think it feels like?” both girls giggled and Nora took that moment to shove her dick in harder. Christie cried out. “Shit! Take it easy, Nora!” Nora had a good rhythm going by then. “Shut up slut! Tony is gonna fuck this ass a lot harder and deeper than I will.” Before long, Nora had worked up a sweat. Christie, her head buried in the pillow, was moaning and groaning as she humped back at Nora.
