 My cousin and I seemed to spend half our life face-timing each other, just to talk about all kinds of silly things, 'shall I wear this, today', 'did you see that new girl today?', or whatever!

It had got to the point of it being easier to leave our pads on all the time we were in our bedrooms. Not actually, looking at them all the time, they were just there, in case we had anything to say, they more or less got forgotten.

I knew her wardrobe, just as well as my own. I knew all her underwear, the ones she liked best, and so on.

We never saw each other in the nude, Sophie always changed in her en-suite bathroom but would come out in her underwear, it just seemed natural and cool. I dressed in my closet, it wasn't a conscious thing, just what I'd always done. We just simply free and quite happy in each others presence.

Since she had turned eighteen though, I couldn't help noticing how her gorgeous figure had developed, it wasn't in any way a sexual thought, simply, a fact, she was leaving me behind.

Very slowly, over time, I became aware that Sophie seemed to talk more about other girls, rather than comment on the boys. No big deal really, I didn't give it that much thought.

...

Breakfast over, I went to my room to dress. When I walked passed my ipad, I took my usual glance, she wasn't there. Then I stopped and looked again. The bathroom door was open, something she never did. She was in the shower, I could vaguely see her outline as she moved about. Must have forgotten to shut the door, was the obvious thought.

I carried on to my closet. After deciding which clothes to wear, I began to dress. Bugger! I had left my panties on the bathroom floor, mum wouldn't like that.

I passed the ipad, usual glance, then shock! There was Sophie, completely naked, busy drying herself.

I knew I should have moved on and not be looking, but something held me, I stood still. Her naked body was so beautiful, her breasts, larger than mine, held my eyes, I found I couldn't drag my eyes away, I saw her lifting them as she dried around each one, God but they were beautiful.

I told myself to move, and I started to turn away, but as I did though, I saw her spread her legs, bending at the same time. I stopped where I was. She was drying between her thighs and up to her pussy.

She turned her back to me, then bent and picked up some bits from the floor. I already knew that she had a superb ass, but now, bent over, I could see between her cheeks, I saw her puckered little ass hole, and just beyond, her pussy lips were open.

I could feel myself flushing and then I turned and ran for the bathroom. I sat on the loo top, I was completely flustered. What on earth had I been thinking, I wondered. But more, I was truly ashamed of myself.

...

The next day, I found myself constantly glancing at the screen. What was I doing? Was I waiting to see if it would happen again? My thoughts frightened me. How could I want to look at Sophie like this, not only was she my cousin, she was also my best friend.

Sophie appeared on the screen. "Hi Katie, you good? Up to anything special today?"

"Yeah, I'm great. I thought I might go to the gym later, you fancy coming along?"

"No thanks, not for me, all those sweaty bodies, I think I'm gonna have a swim, and just chill."

"Okay, speak to you later then."

...

I'd had a good work out, the gym hadn't been busy, so I had a free run on any of the apparatus, without being hassled in any way.

After I got home, I showered and dressed, before deciding I'd crash on the bed to read a book for a while.

I saw a flash on the screen, then Sophie shouted, "You there Katie?"

"Yeah, I'm here, lying down reading."

"Chat in a bit then, I'm gonna take a shower."

Strange, I thought. I'm sure her camera angle just changed. Maybe, I'm just imagining things.

I sat up, to see better. I saw her go into her bathroom, she left the door wider than the day before. She was facing away from me, as she stripped her clothes off. Horrified with myself, I realised that I wanted to watch, I couldn't drag myself away.

Naked now, side on to me, she did a stretch, arms above her head. I saw her breasts rise to point out in front of her. She was like a Greek goddess. I just stared.

She leaned into the shower, one leg lifting behind her, as she tested the water. Her breasts hung down, I felt my hand involuntarily go to my mouth. I knew my face had gone red, I could feel it burning. Then she was in the shower.

I got up and moved my camera, I didn't want her to see me watching, that would have been just awful.

I found I was holding my breath, waiting for her to leave the shower. She stepped out and came almost right to the doorway, taking a towel from a hook on the way.

Once more, I watched her drying. She seemed to be taking much longer at it than she had before. I watched the towel as it appeared to caress her breasts, she was playing with her nipples, more than was needed than simply to dry them. I gasped, when she moved the towel away, her nipples were large and stiff.

She bent to dry her legs, from her ankles upwards. Just as the day before, her legs spread wide when she reached her inner thigh. I could clearly see her rubbing the towel along her pussy.

I suddenly realised that my hand had gone between my own thighs, I was pressing at my pussy. Shit! I thought, What the fuck am I doing?

Then I saw the towel leave Sophie's pussy but one hand stayed there, I saw her rub her fingers along the lips, several times.

My hand pressed harder between my legs.

I watched, as she parted her lips, and I could see a finger sliding inside of her.

With one hand, I lowered the front of my joggers, the other delved inside, down into my panties, until I could feel my heat. Bloody hell! I'm soaking. My fingers dived into my pussy, I was wanking myself, watching my best friend.

Sophie dropped the towel. A hand went to open her lips wide, then straight to her clit, the other was jamming fingers into her pussy.

I wanked harder, I knew I wasn't going to take long to cum, at this rate.

Then I heard her moaning, I watched her bent over, writhing on her hands. Then she was shaking, and I knew she had reached her orgasm. Fuck! I was turned on.

I tweaked my clit hard, as I wanked my fingers, then it hit me, rushing over me, as I came. It was far more intense than anything I had known before, in my bed alone. I fell back on my bed, completely spent.

My thoughts were in a whirl, this was crazy, it felt dirty, but equally, I knew it had felt so good. Watching her wanking herself, as I did the same, had driven me wild.

A little later I heard her voice, "Hey, what's your camera doing pointing nowhere? Like at an empty wall Katie."

I got up and moved it back to its normal position.

"Oh, there you are, you alright baby? You look a bit red in the face."

"I'm fine thanks, I've no idea why I should look red." That was a mistake, the lie instantly made me flush even brighter. She seemed to let it pass, "Well, I'm off for dinner, speak later." and she was gone.

...

I was ready for bed, it had been a tiring day, what with the gym and then later bringing myself off in a way that had drained me.

Sophie called out, "Hey Katie, move your cam, I wanna see you."

Nothing unusual in that, so I just obliged.

"Where's your pad, can you see me?"

I got up again and picked up my ipad. I just gaped at what I saw. Sophie was laid on her bed in her underwear, I don't remember ever seeing her do that before.

"Can I ask you a question, Katie?" She didn't wait for an answer, "Do you think I look sexy? Especially in my nicest, and briefest bra and panties."

My jaw dropped, I was lost for words.

"Katie, you've gone all red again, just like this afternoon."

"Well, it is kind of an awkward question to ask me, Sophie."

"Why awkward? We've never been awkward before, have we?"

"Yeah, I know, but this seems to be sort off, different. I mean I don't look at you that way, we're friends."

"You sure you don't ever look at me that way?"

Then she stunned me, "What were you doing this afternoon then? I saw you watching me, then you moved your cam. Next time I see you, you've gone all red in the face and I could see your chest heaving. You watched me wank myself off? Didn't you!" She looked at me for a moment, then she said, "You wanked as well, admit it, Katie."

"I...I..." I stammered.

"Don't worry Katie, I'm not trying to catch you out. I did on purpose, I set you up, I had to know whether you would like to watch me. I think you did as well, and that makes me happy, it's what I wanted."

I sat looking at her, my thoughts once again, tumbling over each other.

I watched her then, as she slowly removed her bra. all the time gazing at me. She had moved her body slightly, more to face me. Her hands went to her breasts and lifted them. "Do you like my tits Katie? Are they nice to look at? Please don't be shy, tell me."

I gazed in awe, as she fondled herself, then she lifted one high, stuck out her tongue, and licked her nipple. She grinned at me, then spoke, "Oh, that feels so good."

I still sat, like a dummy. I didn't know what to say.

She let go of her breasts, her hands moved to her panties, "Do you like my panties Katie?" Then she raised her voice a bit, "Katie, don't just sit there gawping, Speak to me, tell me what's going through you're mind, please."

I gave a start at her voice, then meekly I answered, "Yes I do like them, they look sexy on you Sophie."

Then her fingers took hold of the waistband, and she began to push them down. "Do you think they might look sexier, just a bit lower Katie?" Now I could see the hairs above her mound. Her fingers moved to trickle through them.

"What do you think, does that look good? Or should I go lower? Tell me what to do Katie, I'm waiting for you to say something. If you don't like it. you can just tell me to stop."

"Sophie, I... No, don't stop, I want to see. I want to see closer, than when you were in the bathroom."

"You see, I knew you were watching me then. Well, now watch me again."

She slipped her panties right down, her foot hooked them, then they were off. She raised one knee, she was on her side, facing me. Her hand went to her pussy, her fingers spread the lips. Her leg reached out and jiggled her ipad, her pussy was now dead centre.

"Is that close enough for you? Now tell me what to do."

I hesitated, this was totally new and shocking, previously unknown territory, But there was no going back, not now. I knew that I desperately wanted to see. To see inside another girl. "Open the top Sophie, I want to see your button."

"Oh, you mean this little beauty, my clit." With two hands, she held the flaps open, at the same time pushing back on the small hood that had been hiding it. "There you are, can you see? Tell me what you would like to do to it Katie, would you like to touch it?"

I gave in, my growing arousal took over. "Oh God Sophie! Yes, I want to touch it, touch it for me."

I watched as her fingers began to rub it, her eyes closed, and she rubbed harder. Her other hand went back to a tit, clasping frantically. Suddenly she stopped, she sat looking at me.

"Katie, for me, please take your clothes off, I want to see your body, and then I want to see you touch yourself like I'm touching myself for you."

I had never been naked in front of anyone before, but I knew that I actually wanted to show her my body. I wanted to play with myself, while she watched.

I only had my pyjamas and panties on, so it only took seconds to undress. I went to sit on my bed, but Sophie called out, "No, don't sit, stand for a minute, let me look at you please, just a bit closer."

I inched forward, I heard her, "Wow! Oh, Katie, you're body's beautiful. Now come much closer, yes that's it, now open your pussy for me."

Feeling incredibly erotic, I complied. My fingers opened my lips, they weren't as big as Sophies, but I had always thought they were pretty.

"Wider and lean back, I want to see right inside."

"Now stick your fingers inside, and I'll do the same," after a moment, "that looks good, but I can't see you, not all of you. Will you go and lay down, so we can watch each other wanking together."

I had got myself off watching her earlier, but now she was also watching me, and that was something else. I felt lust, I felt depraved, above all I realised that I wished she was touching me. I let my mind absorb the picture of her there, fucking her pussy, then I closed my eyes and imagined it was her hand driving me wild. I almost shouted at her, "Oh Sophie, fuck me, make me cum."

"Don't you worry about that, it's exactly what I plan on doing, just you wait and see!"

I knew I was ready, so I opened my eyes and feasted on the sight of her. I watched her plunging her fingers inside of herself, then she was frantically rubbing her hand in circles, at her clit, Her head went back, I watched her back arching. Her head turned, she was gazing at my body and my hand working my pussy. Then I knew she was cumming.

It was enough, to also drive me over the edge. My body hunched over, I was now sitting with my head to my knees, my hand trapped between my legs, as I shook.

When my body came back to earth, I slowly relaxed, then I glanced back at Sophie. She was there, staring at me, a startled look on her face.

"Yes?" I said.

"Fuck! Katie, I've never seen anyone else cum before, that was just, totally amazing. And it was soooooo sexy. Hell, I hope I looked as good as that."

"Sophie, do you want to know what I was thinking, well, I just imagined it was you touching me, bringing me off, kind of fucking me."

Sophie looked at me, she appeared to be considering. "Katie I've been waiting to get inside your panties for months, I just didn't know how to go about it. Then I thought of flashing my body from the bathroom, sort of accidentally on purpose, to see what your reaction was. The first day, you watched for a bit, but the next day, I knew I had you, you couldn't stop yourself, could you?"

I smiled back, "You're an evil scheming bitch, but I love you. Anyway, I've gotta go to the bathroom, back in a sec."

"Hold on, take your cam with you."

"Why would I do that?" I asked.

"Simple, I wanna see you pee, like close up, will you do that for me, lover?"

Now I was, like totally shocked, she wanted to see me pee, why?

"You're serious, right?"

"Of course I am, what could be more personal and cool, it's just, well, you and me baby."

I felt a bit self-conscious, I mean, a camera watching me pee, and when she said 'closer', it was kinda weird, yet it wasn't, it was sexy.

Back in my room, Sophie was really bubbly.

"I think that this evening was just like, totally awesome Katie, please tell me that I haven't weirded you out. Shit! I just want to touch you and feel you all over, while you touch me' please tell me you feel the same?"

"Sophie, tonight I found something out, that I could never have imagined possible, I love you, I always did as my best friend, but now it's different, I want you here, now, in bed with me. Next weekend, will you come and sleep with me. Sleep with me?! I mean come and fuck with me!"

"Katie, you don't know how long I've been waiting for you to say that to me. God, I fucking love you."

"Goodnight my love. Oh, one last favour, stick your fingers up your cunt, and dream about me."

The end.