 I slowed my car easily into my drive, shielded by the huge trees towering my beautiful cosy home. This was just where I wanted to be after a stressful day at work. There was only one thing that kept me going. The thought you'd be home waiting for me. The thought of your beautiful face as I left you asleep this morning. The thought of enfolding you in my arms tonight... 

But I still had some work left...I needed to find you...my darling... 

I could feel my heartbeat quicken inside my chest as my excitement grew. Hurriedly I pushed open my car door, stepped out and anticipated the moment I would set my eyes on you once again...my darling... 

Taking small steps toward my home, my tiredness seemed to drain away at the thought of you. I remembered how little attention I'd given you recently. Guilt flooded my mind. You were so patient. You let me be always. Never pressurised me to spend more time with you. Although my darling...I wish to spend forever with you... 

Pushing the silver key into my door. A horrifying thought crossed me. What if you weren't home? What if you went shopping? What if you were mad at me for leaving... 

There was simply one way to find out. Sliding the huge door open. I suddenly felt my tiredness overtake me. 

"Nina," I whispered. Like she was going to hear that I mused to myself. "Ninaaaaaa," I called a little louder toward the steps. Still no reply. 

After kicking off my shoes I walked slowly into my kitchen, hugely disappointed. I noticed you had been busy. A smile crossed my face as I saw how tidy the house was. Each pan was hanging in its rightful place. Each knife, fork and spoon arranged perfectly in the drawers. Oh no, not that feeling of guilt I thought. "Oh Nina..." I whispered to myself... You knew I loved to find a clean home after a stressful day. This is one of the reasons I love you so much...my darling... 

I left my perfect kitchen. Shedding my clothes as I walked up the stairs...my mind flooded with images of your beautiful face. My coat slipped off my shoulders and hit the floor.... "Oh Nina...I wish you were here my darling". I ran my fingers over my clothed chest... "I'd show you how much I..." 

My smooth black skirt slipped down my thighs, legs, and pooled round my ankles as I reached the top of my stairs. I guess you could follow my trail; I thought as I pulled down my tights and added to the line of clothes I had left you. 

I entered our bedroom. What I needed was nice long sleep. Actually what I needed more was you. But sleep was knocking on my door as I pulled my shirt over my head...unclasping my bra...I let them drop to the ground. "Oh Nina...it should be you stripping me sweetheart..." I moaned to myself. 

I crashed into my bed...frowning because I was alone but you had left me a note. A smile crossed my face. It read, "I will be back soon. Be a sweetie and get some sleep. I will wake you when I return". The smile faded to a frown. How long was this woman planning to be! 

"Sleep eh...sleep is a luxury these days Nina my darling..." I spoke into my pillow turning to my front enjoying the feel of the cool sheets on my naked front. The weight of my eyelids were too much to keep my eyes open any longer... 

... 

I eased my eyes open at the sound of keys kitting the table from downstairs. Yes! You were home! I glanced at my clock. It read 8.13pm. I'd been asleep just over 3 hours but boy did I need it. Part of me wanted to rush up to you to caress your pretty face and kiss your delicate lips... 

But, the naughty part of me wanted to make you hunt me down hehe. I closed my eyes, and listened intently. The right side of my face still pressed into my pillow. Not moving a muscle. I could hear that you were coming closer...my darling. 

You entered the bedroom. I heard you sigh softly as your gaze met my semi naked body before your very eyes. A slight giggle left your sweet mouth as you took in the sight of me laying on my front, stark naked except for my lacy black panties. Your favourite. Why weren't you approaching me? Why weren't you waking me up? Why weren't you kissing me! Did you not miss me? 

"Hmmm," I heard you whisper. You lay my clothes on the chair. I guess you followed my trail then. I could hear you humming to yourself as you carefully removed your blouse...I was going insane. I wanted to look. I really wanted to look. Damnit, it was hard pretending to be asleep! I think my mouth was watering...But my best drama skills had to be put in action when... 

"Sweetie, are you awake...?" you whispered toward me. I'm not going to look I thought. No No No. You know she's nearly naked girl. But don't look! I remained in my position. Oh yes...you were coming closer. Very close. I listened as you pulled the thin silk sheets from my legs and slipped in beside me. My nakedness was exposed to the cool air, making my nipples harden... 

You were careful as to not let your weight beside me wake me. Oh Nina you adorable woman. I am awake, take me take me I thought! You were quiet for a moment. Your face was close to my left shoulder. I could feel your warm breath as it touched my back. I was thinking about just turning around and feasting on you but... 

You gathered the loose strands of my long, silky brown hair, carefully placing them to the right of my head. I swear if you ran your delicate fingers through my hair once more...I'd truly erupt right there baby...

My arousal grew as I felt you trail two fingers from the back of my neck...down...over my back, down...lower...eventually reaching the small of my back. Oh baby your fingers were so soft...my darling... You stopped there. I could feel your eyes on me. Watching my every move. I was enjoying this. I thought I'd play sleepyhead for a little longer... 

You brought your face closer as you kissed my left shoulder...you kissed...nibbled...kissed some more...moving slowly toward my neck...kiss...kiss...nibble...You let out soft moans bringing me to such a state of excitement. Your left hand was making its way up and down my side. Your delicate fingers outlining my every curve, from the fullness of my breast down to my sexy flat stomach...over my firm thighs...and up again. I wondered whether this was the point I'd "wake up" but decided to wait...just a few seconds more mmm.

Your kisses on my neck usually had me in fits of laughter. But today, I was going insane with pleasure. Biting my lip to prevent the moans I was dying to release. But then, your mischievous tongue made its way behind my left ear, slowly licking up and... down...leaving droplets of your saliva from my shoulder to the length of my ear... I think you'd forgotten I was meant to be asleep. Your passion overtaking you, you took my ear lobe in your mouth, sucking it, nibbling it...it was too much for me... 

"Mmm baby," I heard myself moan, eyes still closed heightening the sensations you were giving me. Aggressively you slipped your hand under my belly and flipped me onto my back! 

"Ninaaaa owww!" I moaned still half asleep. I squeezed my eyes shut. You had straddled me by now. I was trapped, not that I minded of course. 

"I knew it you naughty girl!" you laughed, "I knew you were awake all this time, you cheeky monkey!" All I could do was groan as you dove into my exposed neck. Nuzzling it... pleasing me with those delicate lips of yours...my darling... 

Momentarily, you lifted your mouth from me, only to see me raising my chin higher up...inviting you to kiss me more...inviting you to take me... But you had other ideas. You ran those oh so soft hands all over my aching body. Occasionally stopping to please me with a kiss... 

"Gosh Nina baby, don't stop hmmmm," I moaned as your kisses eased away every stress I had in my body. You continued to kiss your way further down my front, your left hand cupping my right breast, kneading it slowly, and driving me mad... 

Your breathing was quickening, and I could sense you growing eager, eager to make me yours. Your breaths were so sexy as you brought your lips just inches from mine. My nipples were captive in both your hands. They were rock hard baby, and just for you...my darling... 

You spoke softly but quickly, "Look at me hunnie. Look at me before I kiss you". I realised I hadn't even glanced at you. I was so caught up in my own pleasure. You grasped my hands firmly, placing my palms over your full breasts. I felt their softness, noting the stiffness of your nipples. I opened my eyes to find myself inches below the face of the most striking woman I knew. 

Your silken brown hair fell beside my face covering my pillow, your luscious pink lips glistening, anticipating my kiss, your full chest heaving up and down slowly as you dominate me...my darling... 

I looked into what I loved most about you, your enticing hazel eyes... "Oh Nina...you're just absolutely beau-..." 

"Shut up and kiss me," you mumbled before you pressed those delicious lips against mine. I was overtaken by your desire, by you passion, by your aggression... I was now very aware of the dampness forming in between my legs. I enjoyed your weight on top of me, my beloved. My weakness for the delights you brought me amused me. I laugh into your sweet mouth but you muffled my giggles by sliding your succulent tongue into me. 

I let you invade my mouth. I had missed you Nina. I had missed you so much. Our tongues danced like they had never danced before. You let yours explore every inch of my mouth...and I loved it. I trailed my fingers through your hair...sliding them down...to the small of you back...down further...to your precious tight ass. It was hard focusing on pleasuring you, especially with you giving me such a raunchy kiss. Somehow, I managed to slip my fingers under your little red thong only to find you were as wet as me...my sweet darling... 

"And I thought this lioness was innocent.... hmm isn't someone wet today," I joked pulling my finger slowly up to my mouth as you watched me in awe, your lips slightly parted. My other hand still caressing your beautiful ass...I gradually slid my finger into my wet mouth...tasting your juices...hmm 

"You bitch!" you shouted. I looked at you, still smiling. Did my beautiful innocent Nina just call me a bitch? This was going to be good. I used my wet finger to draw a makeshift line down the centre of your perfect face, teasing you. 

"Argh, stop it baby!" You groaned. "Do you know how much I've been craving you? Huh? Do you have any idea?" You grabbed both my wrists tightly, halting my play on your ass, and pinned them down either side of my head. Oh Nina, how could you be so violent but so sexy all at once...? 

I relaxed, letting you know I was going nowhere. Yet you kept my hands pinned down, using your weight to keep my captive. I knew what was coming. I wanted it too. You held both my wrists down with one hand as your mouth attacked my left nipple. It was hard already but the moistness from your mouth simply made me wetter. You sucked and sucked it. No mercy. No time wasting. Forgetting about my hands, you released them only to pinch my aching nipple further. Torturing it only in a way that turns me on more my baby... 

"Arghhhh Nina..........ohhhh yessss suck them baby," I heard myself screaming. 

I pushed my hips against your hotness craving some pleasure down there. I could feel my juices dripping down my thighs. I was writhing so much as you moved onto my right nipple, still pinching my left. Every pinch you gave my nipples, every bite, and every suck every kiss every nibble made my pussy throb even more for you baby... 

"You fucking bitch! You deserve this!" you screamed with a mouth full of my breasts. 

I grabbed the sheets for some form of support as your mouth clung to my breast your tongue swirling round my sensitive nipple. You started to grind your pussy into my lacy panties. The sensation was too much. These naughty words coming out from your innocent mouth was taking me over the edge. I made you bounce on my lap, unable to keep you steady as you worked magic on my oh so sensitive tits, as you humped me like there was no tomorrow... 

I needed you to take me...I needed you to make love to me...I needed you to fuck me 

"Nina baby, you have to fuck me, you have to ummm ohhh please Nina, please...Nina...please baby...I can't...I'm sorry...I" 

"I'm sorry what?" you asked softly releasing my tortured full breasts, now pink from your forceful handling... 

"I'm sorry I left you alone for so long," I finally managed to say whilst panting from your onslaught. "You're all I want, I took you for granted. I'm sorry I made you wait. You know you're my everything" 

This seemed to satisfy you as you smiled softly. That smile makes me fall in love with you again and again. You moved your hands to my panty. Ripping it forcefully, exposing my throbbing wet pussy. My clit clearly standing up for attention from you my darling... 

Sliding down the length of my body, you placed your lips mere centimetres from my clit. You blew warm air onto my clit, making me moan your name. I couldn't believe how sexy this sight was. My stunning Nina with her full pink lips, sitting in between my legs, looking up at me with those innocent eyes... 

"Nina...do it please baby," I groaned still exhausted from your attack. 

"Do what sweetie," you grinned clearly enjoying my desperation. 

"Please baby..." a tear rolled down the side of my face. 

"This...?" you played as you ran a finger along the length of my pussy lips, "Or this...?" you asked in a slightly huskier voice as you slowly let that finger enter my waiting wet hole... 

I was in heaven. I swear your fingers knew just how to touch me, to please me. I started grinding against your sole finger in an attempt to bring myself off. 

"Calm down sweetheart," you laughed easing your finger out... 

"Nina, No...please baby, take me," I began to protest.

"Tell me what you want me to do," you teased, "Tell me so I can do it..." 

"I want..." 

"Yes baby...?" you asked softly as your warm mouth covered my throbbing, erect clit. You began to suck it softly...much softer than when you sucked my nipples...you were almost kissing it like it were my mouth... 

"I want you to fuck me Nina. I want you to fuck me hard! Make me cum. In your mouth. Make me cum in your mouth! You turn me on so much you beautiful creature!" I groaned 

You forced 3 fingers in me then. In half way, out and then shoved them in once again. My wetness meant you eased right in. Oh I was in Heaven baby. In Heaven with you my darling...you fucked me hard. Sooooo hard my baby, my sweetheart, my hunnie... 

I could hear my uncontrolled screams... 

"Nina, yessss harder baby. FUCK ME HARDER! Yes...yes, yes, yesssssss. That's it baby!" 

You continued to fuck me. To fuck me hard. Your long delicate three fingers pushed in deep...and out...and in...and out.... 

"You like that don't you baby? You like my fingers invading your tight hole don't you! You fucking bitch. I'm gonna make you cum soooo hard!" you screamed before sucking hard on my over sensitive clit once one... 

You pumped me hard..sucking and fucking me all at once...I grabbed my still erect nipples. Pinching them hard as my orgasm approached.... 

"Nina....Oh baby...it's coming!" I moaned as I started to buck against your raging fingers. You quickened your pace as I was taken over the edge...I came hard. Hard and fast. I was totally spent. 

My naked, sweating chest heaved up and down slowly as I tried to regain my normal breathing. I felt you climb up onto me for a kiss. Rubbing your nose against mine and smiling softly at your achievement you whispered... 

"Satisfied my sweetheart..?" 

"Give me another kiss and I'll answer," I giggled softly into your mouth. 

"Hmmm," you moaned as you kissed me once more before snuggling your face into my neck. 

"Nina," I called wrapping my arms securely around you. 

"Yes baby?" 

"I love you my darling..."