 It was a beautiful Friday morning and Becky had the house to herself now that her father and Amber left. Mostly, she did just busy work so she wouldn’t get too bored. She also did some of her homework, played some video games and watched a little TV. Around lunchtime, she got a call from her dad. He asked her to go shopping and get whatever she thought they’d need for her sleepover and barbeque this weekend. Becky was all too happy to get out of the house for a little while. Becky was thinking about how cool her father was to let her have a sleepover even though she was grounded. She had to admit she deserved it after getting caught giving Brian a blowjob in the boy’s bathroom at school. They had both gotten suspended for two weeks. He father was furious at first, she had always been a good student and had never been in trouble at school before. 

The only reason she had done what she did was because Brian said that it was the only way he’d take her to the prom, and, being 5’1” and 180 pounds, Becky didn’t think she’d be able to get anyone else to go with her. The funny thing was that her dad wasn’t even mad about the blowjob. He said that kind of thing was bound to happen sooner or later anyways. What made him mad was that she had chosen to do it at school and in the boy’s restroom on top of it. If only Mr. Shanks hadn’t walked in and caught them, no one would have known a thing. Oh well, shit happens, she thought.

Then there was last night, her best friend Amber had told her she was bisexual. That had come as a big surprise, almost as big a surprise as how she found out in the first place. It all started when Amber had tried to join her in the shower, then Amber tried to feel her breasts while she was supposed to be washing her back. Becky smiled, as she remembered the love they had made that night and earlier this morning. She never thought she’d be into girls at all, but Amber drove her wild. “I wonder how this is going to affect prom. I’ll have to ask Amber about it later.” Becky thought to herself. Becky finished buying all the supplies she thought they’d need for the weekend and headed back home. After she unloaded the groceries, Becky realized she still had quite a bit of time left before anyone else would be home, so she decided to run back out and get something special for Amber to celebrate their stepping past being friends and becoming lovers. 

Shortly after Amber got to school that morning, she began hearing rumors about what had happened between Becky and Brian Simms. Apparently, Brian had told some of his friends what happened and they told other friends. The rumors spread like wildfire throughout the school. Amber wouldn’t tell anyone whether they were true or not. After all, she had promised Becky she wouldn’t tell anyone about it. Amber couldn’t help thinking what an asshole she felt Brian was. Now the whole school thought Becky was some kind of slut who would suck off any guy who asked for it. If it weren’t for their group of friends, Amber would have gone ballistic by the end of the day. They all knew what really happened and why. Amber couldn’t wait for the day to end, she had made plans with Julia to go to the mall after school.

Once school was finally over, Amber met her friend Julia (who almost everyone called Juls) in the student parking lot and they set out for the mall in Julia’s car. Amber wanted to get Becky a present to celebrate the new road their relationship had taken last night. She thought about it all through school and decided to get Becky a sexy new swimsuit. She wanted to find one that was sexy, but wouldn’t freak out Becky’s dad either. She told Juls that she was buying Becky a birthday gift. They didn’t want everyone to know about their new relationship, school was hard enough without being labeled a pair of dykes at the same time. While she was there she decided to get herself a new suit too. 

Becky decided she wanted to get Amber some sexy lingerie or a sexy nightie to wear when they were together. She thought about going to some place in the mall, but thought better of it since someone she knew might see her. Becky decided to stop at a little boutique she had heard about from one of her friends. It was called Sinful Secrets. It was a little out of the way, but was supposed to have some great stuff at good prices. 

It didn’t take very long for either of the girls to find what they were looking for, and then they both headed back to Becky’s house.

Becky made it home just as Juls was dropping off Amber. Both girls waved goodbye to Juls as she pulled away. “I got you a present,” both girls said at the same time, which made them both laugh together. They each went inside carry their bags, as soon as they got in the house and locked the front door, Becky and Amber raced up the stairs to Becky’s room so they could show off their purchases and exchange the gifts they bought. 

“Ok, who do you want to go first?” Becky asked.

“Um, I wanna go first. I want to see what you think of the present I got for you and I can’t wait, here,” Amber said giggling excitedly, as she handed Becky the bag containing her present. Becky quickly tore open the bag and pulled out a white one-piece swimsuit with a diamond shaped cutout between the breasts and a low cut back. “Do you like it?” Amber asked anxiously. 

“Oh, it’s beautiful!” Becky exclaimed

“I’m glad you like it, but I think you’re gonna have to shave your bikini line to wear it, and I was kinda hoping you’d wear it this weekend for the sleepover.”

“Okay, now it’s my turn. Here,” Becky said as she handed Amber the bag with her present in it.

Amber quickly opened the bag and pulled out the outfit Becky had bought for her, and held it up against her body. It was a beautiful black stretch lace cami with a low cut thong bottom. 

“Oh Becky, its so sexy. I love it!”

“Why don’t we go take a shower and we can try our new outfits on before the other girls get here,” Becky suggested.

“Okay. Can we call your dad real quick and see if we can invite Juls to the sleepover? Then we’ll have an even number of people, she didn’t say anything, but I know she wanted to come.”

“Yeah, that’s cool, go start the water and I’ll call and ask him if it’s okay,”

“Alright, if you don’t take to long maybe we can do more than try on our outfits before everyone gets here,” Amber said with a wicked grin on her face.

Becky grabbed her phone and hit the speed dial for her dad’s office. 

“Network Interface Consulting, Jim speaking how can I help you?”

“Hey dad, is it ok if we invite Julia to the sleepover? I know you said we could only have 3 girls over but that makes someone the odd person out. If we Invite Julia we’ll have an even number of people and no one will feel left out.”

“Whoa, slow down honey. Yeah, I guess it’s ok if you invite Julia too, but that’s it.”

“Thanks daddy, you’re the best!”

“Okay honey, what time is everyone coming over?”

“Um, around 6 o’clock I think.”

“Okay, that’s fine I’ll be home around 5:30.”

“Alright daddy, I love you, bye.”

“Love you too honey, bye.”

Becky hung up with her father and made a quick call to Julia and invited her to the sleepover. Julia was happy to be invited and told Becky she was looking forward to it. As soon as she was off the phone Becky hurried to join Amber in the shower. When she pulled back the curtain she was delighted by the sight of Amber shaving her pussy. 

“That looks so sexy,” Becky said with her voice dripping lust.

“Thanks. You’re next,” Amber said with a grin.

“I dunno, I don’t think I’d feel comfortable with no hair down there,” Becky confided.

“Don’t worry. I’ll take good care of you baby. You just have to trust me,” Amber said reassuringly. 

“Okay, I trust you.” 

Amber quickly finished shaving herself and then made room for Becky in the shower. 

“Have a seat and spread you legs for me,” Amber said indicating the built in shower seat. 

Amber stepped out of the shower for a second and stepped back in with a pair of scissors. She immediately went to working trimming down Becky’s pubic hair in preparation for shaving. It only took a couple of minutes before Amber had Becky ready for shaving. Amber stepped back for a moment and looked at the patch of pubic hair between Becky’s legs like an artist looking at a blank canvas. 

“Okay, I got it. Are you ready?” Amber asked.

“Yeah, I guess so,” Becky relied nervously. 

Amber went back to work, this time with a razor. As she shaved away the unwanted hair from Becky’s body, Amber manipulated Becky’s pussy lips making sure she got every last stray hair and teasing Becky in the process. Becky tried not to squirm too much as Amber shaved away her pussy hair. It wasn’t so much the shaving that was getting her worked up, but it was the fact that Amber was playing with her pussy lips and accidentally brushing her clit every once in awhile. The end affect was that Becky was becoming really turned on.

“Hold still Beck! I don’t want to cut you by accident,” Amber scolded.

“I’m trying, but someone keeps rubbing her hand against my clit,” Becky half-heartedly complained.

“Just hang on for a couple more minutes. I’m almost done. I promise I’ll make it worth while for you.” 

“Okay, but try and hurry a little. Okay?” Becky pleaded.

After what seemed like an eternity to Becky, but was in actuality only a few minutes Amber announced, “Okay, all finished. Rinse off, then go look in the mirror and tell me how you like it.”

Becky did as Amber instructed and rinsed off the shaving lotion and stuck hair from her body. Then she stepped out of the shower and looked her herself in front of the full-length mirror attached the back of her bathroom door. When she saw what Amber had done, she smiled. Amber had shaved her pubic hair into the shape of a small heart right above her pussy. With the exception of the heart she was shaved bald everywhere else.

“Oh Amber, I love it!” Becky exclaimed.

“Good, I’m glad I was a little worried, but I was pretty sure you’d like it.”

“Well I love it!” Becky said as she jumped back in the shower and gave Amber a big hug and a very passionate kiss. “Thank you Amber, I love it and I love you.” The two girls quickly finished their shower occasionally teasing each other with a quick feel off a breast or pussy. As they dried off, Becky checked the clock and saw that it was almost 5 o’clock. They had a little over a half an hour until her father would be home, just enough time for a quickie if they hurried. 

“Amber, come put on the outfit I got you,” Becky said, as Amber came back into the bedroom. “While you do that I’m gonna go in the bathroom and put the new outfit I got myself.” Becky said with a devious grin. 

After a few minutes Amber heard a soft knock at the door followed by Becky’s soft voice, “Are you ready Amber? Can I come in?”

“Yep, c’mon in.” Amber replied.

Becky slowly opened the door and walked into the bedroom, as soon as she laid her eyes on Amber, Becky felt her pussy getting wet. Amber looked absolutely gorgeous in her sexy new outfit that Becky had gotten for her. Amber saw the outfit Becky was wearing as she came back into the bedroom and she felt herself becoming turned-on at the sight of her. The charmeuse top and lace tap pants she was wearing made her body look great. 

“I knew you’d look great in that.” Said Becky.

“Thanks, you look great too.” Replied Amber.

Both girls came together in a passionate embrace. Their hands were roaming each other’s bodies, their mouths were locked together as their tongues dueled for superiority. Moans of rising passion escaped both girls’ mouths. Becky guided Amber backwards toward her bed until she felt Amber’s legs make contact with the edge of the bed. Then she pushed back on her shoulders forcing Amber to fall back on the bed. Becky quickly climbed on top of Amber straddling her hips making sure she kept her weight on her knees and not on Amber’s body. Becky leaned forward and covered Amber’s face with light kisses.

“Mmmm, baby that feels really good but we don’t have much time,” Amber said.

Becky pouted slightly, then grinned and pushed up Amber’s top and attacked her nipples with a vengeance.

“Ahhhhh,” Amber screamed out and arched her back at the intensity of Becky’s brutal assault on her nipples. Becky suddenly stopped her assault on Amber’s now tender nubbins and kissed her way up Amber’s necks to her mouth where she forced her tongue past Amber’s lips and invaded her mouth. Amber quickly returned the kiss locking in a passionate embrace. Amber wriggled her body out from under Becky and further up onto the bed.

“Hey! Where do you think you’re going?” Becky demanded jokingly.

“Come and get me.” Amber replied coyly.

Becky did just that. She crawled up the bed and over Amber’s legs. Becky quickly reach up and grabbed the top of Amber’s thong and pulled it down her legs. Amber lifted her butt slightly off the bed to accommodate her. Becky threw the thong off to someplace in her bedroom, both girls to involved in what was happening to pay attention to where it landed. As soon as the thong was airborne, Becky dove face first between Amber’s legs and began devouring Amber’s pussy with a need that had built up over a day of fantasizing and rememberings of the night before. Becky’s tongue explored every millimeter of Amber’s pussy. Amber moaned and thrashed around on the bed as Becky pleasured her needy pussy. 

“Oh God, that feels so good. Mmmm, you better get your pussy over here. I want it now!” Amber demanded.

Becky quickly shifted her body so her and Amber were in the 69 position. Amber pulled Becky’s panties to the side, lifted her head up and pushed her tongue between the folds of Becky’s dripping pussy. Becky was so turned on before Amber ever even touched her pussy that her thighs were shiny with her own pussy juices. Amber licked and sucked Becky’s pussy like crazy. Muffled moans filled the bedroom as the girls passionate lovemaking built towards its climax. Even though Becky started eating Amber’s pussy first, it was Becky that reached her orgasm the quickest. 

“Mmmm, hmm, ohhh, ahhhhh!” Becky cried out as she ground her pussy mercilessly down on Amber’s face pinning her head firmly to the mattress. Becky’s body began to quiver as her orgasm washed over her. Becky collapsed limply on top of Amber’s body squashing her for a few seconds until Becky was able to recover enough to lift herself up. Not to be out down, Becky began sucking furiously on Amber’s clit. Amber immediately started moaning again. Becky slipped two fingers in Amber’s pussy working them in and out rapidly. As Amber neared her orgasm, Becky decided to take things up another notch and took one finger from Amber’s pussy and pushed it deep into Amber’s ass. That was all it took to send Amber into orbit. 

“Ahhhhh, Oh God! Oh Becky! Ohhhh!” Amber screamed bucked her body off the bed as her orgasm overwhelmed her senses knocking Becky off balance so she fell beside her on the bed. Becky smiled, happy at the pleasure she had just given Amber. Amber was so overcome by the power of her climax that she just laid on the bed whimpering softly. 

Becky looked at the clock and saw that was almost 5:30, her father would be home at any moment. Becky shook Amber, “Amber, we have to hurry and get cleaned up. My dad’s gonna be here any minute.” 

Both girls jumped out of bed, ran to the shower and quickly washed the smell of their love making off their bodies. As soon as they were clean again, they dried off and quickly dressed in their swimsuits with some comfy clothes over them.. In Amber’s case, that was a white halter top and a pair of sweat shorts. In Becky’s case, it was a loose T-shirt and a pair of her dad’s boxers she confiscated when she did the laundry. They weren’t a moment to soon because, as they were pulling on their respective bottoms, they heard Becky’s dad call out, “Girls, I’m home!” 

Acting like nothing happened, the girls ran down stairs and met Jim in the living room. 

“Hey daddy,” Becky said, as she gave her father a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek.

“Hey Mr. B,” Amber said, as she did the same. 

“I’m going to change into some more comfortable clothes and get the barbeque set up before your friends get here,” Jim said, as he walked towards his bedroom and changed into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. 

Before long the rest of the girls started showing up and Becky and Amber would tell them where to put their bags. Jim had dinner cooking away on the barbeque. While Jim made dinner for everyone, the girls all changed into their swimsuits and hit the pool. Jim smiled as he watched his daughter and her friends horse around in the pool, dunking each other, diving and using the slide. Jim couldn’t help but notice how much Becky and her friends have changed over the years, they were all now young beautiful women. There was of course Becky who Jim had watch blossom into a young woman right under his own roof. She was a petite 5’1” and was a little heavy at 180 pounds. Her hair was light brown and went down to her mid back. Becky’s eyes were a hazel color that could turn more brown or green depending on her mood or what she wore. Of course there was also Becky’s best friend Amber who was like a second daughter to him. Amber was just over five feet tall and weighed about a hundred pounds or so. Her hair was a blonde with lighter blonde highlights and went down to her mid back. Her eyes were a crystal blue. She had small breasts probably about a 34 B. Her black camkini swimsuit with a string bikini bottom showed off her body to wonderful effect. 

Next was Tania, she was about Amber’s height and weighed about 95 pounds. Her body was tight and lean from being on the school gymnastic team. Her breasts were so small they were almost non-existent. Jim guessed them to be about a 32 A. Tania came from a Cuban family and had brown eyes and long shiny black hair that went down to the small of her back. She was wearing a red string bikini with the sexy string ties on the sides of the bottom. 

After Tania came, Christie arrived. She has platinum blonde hair done in a pixie cut. Christie has light green eyes and an average build with just a hint of baby fat left on her body. She’s about 5’7” and around 130 pounds. Her breasts were larger than the other two girls and looked to be about a 36 C. Christie was wearing a topical print bikini. 

Then there was Carmen. She was probably the most conservative of all Becky’s friends. She grew up under the strict care of her Cuban mother and grandmother. Carmen was what most people would call gorgeous, a latina heart breaker. Carmen stands about 5’9” tall and weights about 140 pounds. Her eyes were a sparkling green that are wonderfully complemented by her naturally bronze skin tone. She had straight black hair down to her waist, her breasts were a nice 36 B/C. Carmen wore a very conservative blue one-piece swimsuit. 

Last but not least, was Julia. Julia had the womanliest body out of all of Becky’s friends. She had curves in all the right places and just seemed to exude a sense of sexuality about her. She was about 5’4” and weighed about 155 pounds. Her breasts were the largest of the group about a 36 D. Julia is an Italian beauty with an olive skin tone. Her eyes were brown and she had curly black hair that went down to her mid-back. There was just something about Julia that made men’s heads turn. She was wearing a black bikini top that looked like it was about a size to small and a matching thong bottom. 

The girls had been swimming for about an hour by the time Jim had everyone’s dinner ready and called the girls out of the pool. Apparently all their swimming had worked up quite and appetite because the girls devoured dinner. After dinner, it got dark fast Jim started a campfire for the girls in the patio fire pit then said, “Goodnight girls. I’m going to hit the shower and watch some TV before I turn in.”
