 Lying here beside you I watch the moon play across your face as you sleep. Would that make you cringe self-consciously? I know it would. Perhaps I will tell you in the morning. I do love to make you squirm.

Your face is turned away from me. I can just make out the curve of your cheek. It makes me think of how soft it felt under my fingertips when I cupped your face in my hands. I remember how I had tilted your face up last night so that you had to look into my eyes. I saw the wanting there, a need that matched my own so well. Your lips were so full and warm when I brushed my thumbs over them. They parted ever so slightly beneath the pressure and I saw just the tip of your tongue dart out to run over the inside of your bottom lip. I wonder....were you nervous? Until last night our relationship had been on a fairly equal footing. Recently however, I found myself wanting to possess you in a new way, wanting to feel you helpless under my hands, to hear you beg.

I remember the surprise on your face when I took your wrists and held them behind your back. How you gasped when I twined my fingers in your hair and pulled your head back leaving your neck so vulnerable. Oh how sweet your skin tasted! I couldn't help sucking and biting gently until you cried out. Not in pain so much, oh no, more with the pleasure it gave you. In the moonlight as I watch you I can faintly see the darker shadow on your skin where I left my mark.

I can smell your scent now, that dark sweetness that is yours alone. It calls to me and I have to be closer to you. I move ever so carefully, I don't want you waking. Not yet.

The quilt covers your body and it makes me frown. I want to see you. I took your clothes from you last night and I know that beneath the quilt you are bare. I remember the sound of cloth tearing as I pulled your clothing from you. You spoke then, asking what had come over me. It was a very good question. Was it some demon that now controlled my actions, or merely a desire too strong to ignore? I gave you the only answer I had. I claimed your lips, plundered their softness, forced them to open for me. I can't describe the thrill I felt hearing you moan as you pressed closer to me.

Your breasts are uncovered now. Pale in the light cast through the open drape. There had been no time for closing them, or for the nightly ritual of checking the door locks. No, the craving I had for you didn't allow for such mundane concerns. I had to have you. I loved the way you cried out in surprise when I had pushed you back with sudden force and caused you to fall on the bed. You had started to giggle until you looked into my eyes. 

What did you see there? Whatever it was it caused you to moan softly. That was my undoing. 

Your nipples will be tender in the morning. They had felt so good, like firm ripe fruit between my teeth. How long had I merely savored their sweetness, kissing and nuzzling, biting and sucking them hard? I know that you were nearly frantic before I had my fill of them. Your hands had tugged futilely at my hair trying to direct me, but this night was mine. I usually love the way your hands feel on me, but last night they were in my way. I wanted no interruptions of my plan. 

Plan? Yes, I admit it; I had planned this for several days. Did you wonder where the scarves had come from? Neither of us owned any like them, long and silky to the touch. One wrapped around your wrists binding them together and then to the headboard of our bed. Had I ever moved so quickly before? I wanted you helpless before you could think to object. Your ankles met with a similar fate as your wrists, but I did not secure them to the posts at the foot of the bed. No, that was not enough. I passed the ends of the scarves through loops made from a nylon rope that passed between the mattress and the box springs of our bed. I can't help smiling now as I think of it. Your astonishment gave me the time I needed. I pulled the ends firmly until your knees had to bend and your legs had to part to their farthest extent.

Oh the sight you presented! Helpless and vulnerable, and so damned beautiful. My heart is pounding in my chest even now as I think about it. You were breathing so fast, your breasts rising and falling enticingly. For a moment I was tempted to renew my attentions to them, but my gaze followed the motion of your breathing down over your stomach and lower. The surprise was mine this time. When did you shave the thick bush that I so loved to tease my fingers through? Has it been so long since we loved one another? Perhaps you have been making some plans of your own. None of these thoughts had found a place in my mind last night however. My only thought was of the treat that lay before me. 

You must be missing the warmth of the quilt in your slumber. You are shifting restlessly. I hope you aren't going to wake. I want to savor these memories for just a little longer. 

I can see you better now with the quilt gone. The length of your leg, so firm and shapely, your feet so amazingly tiny compared to my own. The muscles of your thighs quivered beneath my lips as I laid a trail of kisses along one all the way to the top. The hollow there is so ticklish. It was cruel of me to dance my tongue in tiny circles until you begged me to stop. It was the first time you begged last night, but not the last.

Seeing the bare triangle between your thighs reminds me of the fascination I felt last night. I had to lay my cheek against your mound and feel the softness of the shaven skin. There was no trace of stubble; the shaving must have been recent. I couldn't help rubbing my lips back and forth right where your lips begin to swell and part, such an amazing feeling. I remember how the position of your legs had you wide open to me, nothing hidden at all, but all I wanted right then was to feel the smoothness of your skin beneath my pursed lips. 

How easy it is to lose myself in the wonder that is you. Everything about you fills me with such longing. The slight thrusting of your hips and your soft moans broke through my worshipful trance. You were pleading with me again. Not to stop this time, but to go on. 

"Please...", you whispered. I continued to rub my lips against you as I asked you what you wanted. You wouldn't answer. You knew that I knew what you wanted me to do, and you knew that I wanted to hear you say it. Yet you hesitated.

I let my mouth hover, the warmth of my breath washing over you, causing goose bumps to rise along your thighs. I asked you again what you wanted. Your stammered reply had filled me with a rush of power. You seemed so shy and yet so in need. 

"L-lick me..." you had whispered almost as if against your will. Perhaps I will pay for my next actions when you wake, but last night it had seemed the thing to do. I had turned my head and ran the flat of my tongue against your thigh from juncture to knee. Your cry of frustration had caused me to bite back a chuckle. I can be so wicked at times. 

I asked you if that was not what you had wanted. You cursed at me! Even now the memory of those words coming from your sweet mouth makes my body burn again.

"Lick my pussy, damn you!"

Ah, music to my ears! What is it about the word 'pussy' coming from a beautiful sexy woman that brings out the beast in some of us? I had dipped my head with a swift predatory motion and making my tongue flat and stiff had drawn it from your tiny puckered anus to the hard nub of your clit. Oh how you had screamed! It was a beautiful sound. One I needed to hear again and again. I began to flick my tongue over your clit, circling it round and round, drawing it into my mouth and suckling it. I gave you no soft gentle work up, I devoured you. 

I bit down on your clit just hard enough to make you yelp and while you were distracted by this I slid two fingers deep into you. You were so wet. I could feel your juices running down between the cheeks of your ass. I was suddenly starving for your unique essence, that sweetness that is yours alone. I pumped my fingers into your drenched pussy with long hard thrusts as I sucked on your hard little clit. I could feel your body tense all around me and hear your cries as they grew louder. When your time was upon you your body arched up from the bed and you came with a wail to rival the wolf's howl.

Remembering the way you sounded I can feel the wetness gathering between my own legs. It had been so amazing to take you that way, and yet it had not been enough. I had been prepared for that feeling. I knew that I would want to go farther, to take complete possession of you.

As you lay trying to catch your breath, perhaps thinking that I was finished with you, I rose onto my knees between your trembling thighs. My hands had worked swiftly at the buttons of my jeans and revealed the reason I had remained clothed. Your eyes were still closed and you hadn't seen the long thick cock that I pulled from the open fly. I don't know how you had missed the bulge it had created in crotch of my jeans, but I knew that you had. 

I remember how I had hooked my elbows behind your knees and leaned over you pulling your bonds tighter. With one swift hard thrust I had filled you with my cock. Yes, mine, not given by nature but an extension of my lust for you nonetheless. Your eyes had flown open and you had screamed. Such a scream as I had never heard from you before. Raw and primal, a combination of pleasure and pain, lust and aching need. I had felt it reach to my very core. 

"You're mine!" Had that been my voice growling against your neck as I thrust into you again?

"Yes!" You had cried joyously. 

I had slammed into you harder, my teeth sinking into the already tender and marked skin of your neck. I had felt the waves beginning in my own body and I could do nothing to stop them. I was lost then, heedless to anything but my own overwhelming release. Your head had thrashed from side to side, incoherent sounds coming from your lips.

****

Lying here beside you I watch the moon play across your face as you sleep. I reach down and caress the ever hard cock still protruding from my jeans. I don't remember pulling the quilt up over you before I had passed into oblivion. I don't know how you are able to sleep still bound the way you are. There is one thing I do know. The night is not over, and I have much more planned for you before dawn comes.