 It was a warm summer evening. My husband was out of town on a business trip, so I decided to ask my girlfriend, Brandi, over for dinner to commiserate with me, since her boyfriend was also out of town on the same trip with my husband.

I fixed us a nice dinner, put my girls to bed, then we sat down to drink some more wine and have some serious girl talk. We had been laughing and drinking for a couple hours then our talk turned to sex. Brandi is about my height, with long brown hair, brown eyes, and lips to die for. And her breasts, well, I could tell they were larger than mine, but I guess the rest was going to have to be left up to my imagination. I had many a fantasy about making love to her. Sucking on her breasts and nipples, making them respond to my touch, working my way down to her pussy; smelling her musky scent, and tasting her luscious pussy. Teasing her clit, making her scream out in orgasm. I had brought myself off plenty with those little fantasies.

Brandi knew I was openly bi and she had never really asked about it, but, for some reason, she did on this particular night. She started asking me more and more questions about it. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I could feel myself getting wetter by the minute. She asked me about my experiences, good and bad. As I told her about some of my more memorable experiences, I could see her squirming where she sat. I took that as a good sign. I thought to myself "I am really getting to her." I could feel that my thong undies were soaked through and my pussy was throbbing. Maybe it was the wine, maybe it wasn't, I am not sure, but I was willing to take my chances.

I grabbed the wine bottle and told her to follow me. I led her to my bedroom and had her sit on the king-size bed. I turned to lock the door, put on some relaxing music, and lit a few candles around the room. Soon, the soft sounds of jazz saxophone music swirled through the air. I asked her if she would like to experience what I had been talking about earlier. Brandi slowly nodded her head, showing a bit of apprehension. I told her to relax, and that if, at any time, she felt uncomfortable, I would stop, and would never bring it up again. She seemed to relax at my statement, and let me continue.

I sat down next to her on the bed, and slowly, moved my hands to touch her. I brought my face to hers, kissing her sensual lips, slowly at first, then more aggressively. I explored her mouth with her tongue, and she in turn did the same. I started teasing her breasts through her shirt, and slowly she returned the favor. We sat there kissing each other, fondling each other for several minutes. I broke the kiss and stood. I removed my tank top, and let my breasts spring free. I was so glad I had decided to go braless. Brandi looked up at me and I smiled at her. I took her hands and helped her up. I embraced her closely and kissed her lips, then moved to her neck, all the while rubbing my hands up and down her back side, sliding my hands on her ass, grinding my pelvis into hers. I then removed her tank top and bra. What marvelous tits this woman had, at least a 38c, mine were only about a 36c, and beautiful rose-tipped nipples that begged to be sucked. I pulled her closer to me so that our bare breasts could touch each other, the sensation rocked me and I felt myself dripping even more now. I started caressing her breasts and teasing her nipples, making them nice and hard, like rocks. Brandi started to moan a little, relaxing more and more, letting my hands and mouth do their job. As I did that, I moved my hands down her body until I reached her pussy area. I started rubbing her through the material of her shorts, and could hear her breathing getting very rapid and excited.

I lay her back onto the bed. "Let me show you how good this can feel." Brandi nodded her approval. I kissed her lips once more, got up and finished undressing, so I could be completely nude when I made love to her. I kissed her tits and then moved down to remove her shorts. Her panties were soaked, I took a second and inhaled her scent. I even nipped at her clit through her panties and then removed them completely. I slowly rubbed her clit with my fingers and slid them inside her drenched pussy. I couldn't believe how wet she was. I licked her juices off my fingers, and started probing her pussy again. She was starting to moan louder, and moving her hips to meet the thrust of my fingers moving in and out of her wet pussy. I moved away from her pussy, back up to her face, so I could have her suck her juices off my fingers. I swear I heard her moan, and as she did, it sounded almost animalistic. I started back on her luscious tits again. I teased and sucked on them, making her body respond to my every kiss and caress. She then took her cue from me and reached over to start to suck on mine they way I had hers. My body felt like it was on fire. She was a very quick study. She teased my nipples like a pro. I could feel myself start to cum and told her as much. I kissed her deeply, and told her to lie back again and enjoy the pleasure I was about to give her. I started teasing her clit again with my fingers, at first, but I couldn't take anymore. I had to taste her, make her cum with my mouth and tongue. I was like a woman possessed! I drove my tongue deep inside her dark, extremely wet, hole. She tasted wonderful. She was so wet, and her scent was intoxicating, I could feel my own juices running down my thighs. I started teasing her clit, which was huge from excitement. I slid two fingers in and out of her, til I hit her g-spot. I was fingering her furiously and nibbling on her clit for all it was worth. She was moaning, pulling at the sheets, and grinding her pussy harder into my face. I, myself, was getting so wet, I knew I would need release, and soon. All of the sudden, Brandi screamed she was going to cum hard. I moved my mouth to her opening and let her juices flood over my face. I drank of her fountain eagerly.

When she finally came down, I moved up and kissed her lustily. I wanted to share her juices, her taste, with her. She moaned and told me she felt so good. What she said next really floored me. She asked me to teach her to do what I did to her, so she could properly thank me for the great orgasm. She proceeded to tell me that she never knew how good it could feel with another woman, how the sensations were, somehow, different. I couldn't believe what she was telling me. This woman who had never wanted to have sex with another woman was asking me to show her how to. So I naturally did the only thing I could, I taught her.

Brandi was a bit apprehensive at first, but she proved herself to be a very quick study. She made my nipples hard as little steel balls, and my clit ached so bad, that I knew if I didn't get release soon I was going to explode. She started playing with my clit, unsure at first, but with growing confidence with every stroke. She then moved her mouth to my pussy, slowly but surely mastering the art of eating pussy. I was moaning at first, then suddenly, screaming out, rewarded her efforts by flooding her face with my very intense orgasm. I pulled her close to me, and we shared a very intense kiss. The taste of the others on our lips mingled together for a very intoxicating kiss. The feeling was, to say the least, very awesome.

Brandi and I lay together in each others arms under the covers, talking. She expressed hope that we could engage each other like this again, and I told her anytime she wanted to was perfect. We spent the rest of the night exploring each others bodies, reaching equally intense orgasms, before finally falling into an exhaustive sleep. Needless to say, when our men got home, they were going to be in for a real treat - but that is another story.