 I smoothed my dress and dried my sweaty palms on the fabric as I stood in front of the room that belonged to my boss's beautiful wife. I took in a deep breath and knocked on the door a few times. I twisted a lock of my brown hair and waited, but there was no response. I knocked again.

"Miss Jamie?" I yelled as I banged my fist against the wood. Again, there was no response. Just as I was about to knock for the last time, a faint noise came from inside the room. I stood still, fist in the air, and waited. I heard it again, but with the door in between, I could hardly make out the source of it. My curiosity being picked, I pressed my ear firmly against the door. When the sound came floating again, I recognized it perfectly. A moan. Of course not an ordinary one, but a pleasured moan. I felt the adrenaline rush through my veins as I pressed myself even tighter against the door. The sexual sounds reached me crystal clear now, and I recognized a female voice. And I was certain it was Jamie's. I couldn't help the arousal that started to build between my legs, as I helplessly pictured her perfect little body writhing in the throes of passion. 

My hand moved involuntarily to the door knob. I had fantasized with that girl from the instant her emerald green eyes laid on me for the first time. I was just starting to work as a secretary for her husband, a rich fifty year old man when I met her. A beautiful and exotic model married to a wealthy business man twice her age. Typical. After working for them for four years and practically living in their house, I knew for a fact that they had a healthy marriage and she loved her husband. But I could see it her eyes every time I looked at her. She was restless and bored. Like something was missing in her life full of luxuries. And now I knew what it was. 

Soon after our first encounter I became obsessed with her. She was the one who made me realize that I was into girls. And there were no words to describe how much I was into her. She was this exotic creature, one of those that drew in every look without even trying. She was small and short for a model, but that's what made her so appealing. She looked like a tiny ballerina. The way she moved, always so graceful and light. Her skin was white as porcelain, which contrasted so beautifully with her gold reddish hair. She didn't have pronounced curves, but that became meaningless as soon as you took a look at her lovely face. Her perfect factions, high cheekbones and perfect jaw line made her irresistible. Not to mention those emerald green eyes, which seemed to pierce your soul every time you stared into the infinite void inside her pupils. 

My inner voice was shouting at me to go away, to forget about this and go back to my office and to the pile of papers I had to fill in, but I couldn't. I was absolutely plastered to the door. I wanted to enter the room. I wanted to open the door and watch her. But the coward in me didn't let me move, afraid of what I might find in inside, scared that she would catch me eavesdropping and I would lose my job forever. 

Just when I was convincing myself how much of a bad idea this was, the sexual noises my dream girl was making grew higher and higher. My hand trembled on the door knob. I breathed in and slow and quietly cracked the door open just enough to peek inside the dormitory. 

My eyes immediately landed on the massive king sized bed, in which a naked figure laid. Jamie was sprawled on the mattress, her legs wide open; her left hand squeezed and played with her hard and erected nipples, while her right hand firmly held a buzzing vibrator against her soaked pussy. 

My hand flew to my mouth to drown the sharp intake of breath that escaped my lips as I took in the scene in front of me. But it was too late. A pair of emerald eyes landed on me. She stared at me for a few moments, but didn't react at all. In fact, her hips continued to rise from the bed as she grinded against the pleasuring object. I matched her actions, and stood there, completely dumbfounded. When I managed to find my voice a few seconds later, I began to babble apologies, but her British accent shut my mouth with two words. 

"Get in."

I began to obey when her soft mellow voice gave me another order. 

"Lock the door." I did as I was told and when I turned back to the bed, I slowly approached her. By then I was soaking wet with arousal. She had faced her head forward, her eyes had closed and her mouth was slightly open. I moved to stand right in front of her spread legs, getting a perfect view of her neatly shaved pussy. I looked up to her and took in her beautiful face, tainted with pure pleasure. She rubbed the vibrator passionately against her needy core, which drew out the sexiest moan I had ever heard. That was all I needed. I took the vibrator from her and slapped her hands away. She placed her arms above her head and watched me intently. I took my time to examine her beautiful pussy.

"Gina." She warned, her voice raspy as she began to grow impatient. I looked up and smiled at her, as I began to climb up her naked body. I went straight for her lips. Our mouths collided with each other, and she lost no time in thrusting her tongue between my lips. I moaned against her, and as I kissed passionately, I allowed my hand that was holding the vibrator to slide between our bodies into her core. She broke the kiss and laid her head back, sighing with pleasure as I roughly rubbed the buzzing object against her clit. I bent my head down to take one of her nipples into my mouth. She gasped loudly and her fingers twisted into my hair, pulling me closer to her chest. 

"Oh fuck... yes, just like that..." her moans had me crazy, and I could feel my liquid desire for her sliding down my legs. I rotated the buzzer between her warm wet folds as I sucked and circled my tongue over her hard nipples. I knew I was pulling her over the edge by the change in her breathing, but I had something else in mind. I gave one last lick to her beautiful breasts and pulled the vibrator away. She whimpered and stared at me questionably. I smiled wickedly at her before sliding down her body. She immediately deduced my intentions and a smile formed on her pink lips. I kneeled on the floor and placed my hands on the insides of her thighs, spreading her legs even wider. I was drooling with the need to taste her. 

"Eat me baby." She ordered. I didn't need to hear it twice. I pressed my whole mouth against her throbbing pussy, sucking and licking.

"Gina!" She screamed my name as her whole body arched from the bed, her fingers twisting into the sheets. "Yes baby eat me, don't stop please..." her dirty words and her pleasured voice screaming my name made me feel like my pussy was going to explode. My juices continued to run down my legs, and as I greedily lapped at Jamie's delicious pussy, I reached my hand to grab the vibrator that rested next to her, and used my hands to help its way towards my burning pussy. I moaned loudly against Jamie's clit as I fiercely rubbed the object against my core. With my free hand, I slipped two fingers between her walls and started fingering her hard.

"Yes, yes, yes. More, harder, please..." I felt her walls clenching around my fingers and I knew she was so fucking close. I wanted so bad to watch her cum. 

"Oh fuck I'm cumming, I'm cumming..." I thrust my fingers wildly inside of her as I sucked on her clit.

"Come on Jamie, I wanna watch you cum on my mouth baby girl." My words sent her towards the edge and soon she let out a high-pitched scream. 

"FUCK!" Her body convulsed madly as her orgasm took over. I dropped the vibrator and wrapped my arms around her slim waist, holding her tightly against my mouth, drinking in her liquid orgasm. 

She writhed and bucked her hips a few more times before slowly relaxing against the mattress. I released my grip on her I stood up, wiping her essence off my chin with my fingers. 

Her eyes opened and she stared at me, her face masked with absolute satisfaction. She prompted herself up on her elbows, her reddish honey hair cascading on her shoulders. She was so fucking beautiful. She licked her lips before giving me another order.

"Clothes off." I smiled. Again, I didn't need to hear it twice.