 Lisa sat numbly in her desk as her professor rambled on about proportion distributions. How could she focus on college when so much was going on in her life? Lisa's body filled out the desk like a glove. Her ultra curvy body only befitted her chocolate skin. Lisa had always been teased about her weight and sometimes would begin to feel slightly depressed when she looked at the tight skirted, smaller waists of cheerleaders around campus. Lisa was a senior at Breckinridge University and had come to love college life. A once tentative freshmen nervous about living alone and having a roommate had completely developed into something more. Coming from a sheltered life in a small suburban town nearby she had no idea what to expect and could still remember the shock she felt on moving day. 

"Are you sure you want to do this? We can always go back and you can live at home and attend the Granger University right in town."

I rolled my eyes and looked at the passing trees. So... this is it, I thought to myself. I was not excited about college or moving away from my friends and family. At 18, people expected me to be. I was moving out from under the watchful eye of my parents, but I had always found it comforting. However, things were about to change and I was feeling very unprepared.

"You know, Breckinridge is only 45 minutes away and Granger is a private college. I want to go to a Public University. Mom went to Breckinridge and she loved it. Right ma?" I asked. 

My father was the feminine one while my mother truly wore the pants in the relationship. I remembered when I was younger he always packed lunches for my older brother and I. My mom worked full time and my dad worked part-time spending most of his days at home. My brother Ron Jr., the ever joker, always said that mom had a dick and dad had a pussy. I snorted at his crudeness and ignored him. But, I could see where he would get that. My dad with his light skin and hazel eyes standing at 6'0 but softer spoken never raised a hand to us. My mother, on the other hand was dark in every aspect. Her midnight hair and eyes was only matched by her dark chocolate skin and deep voice. She had a very full bust; though I wasn't sure of her exact measurements I knew her tits and ass were bigger than mine. I stand at 5'5 with 48DD and a 48 inch ass. People definitely knew where I got my looks from.

"Stop worrying Ron, damn! She's only 45 minutes away, it's time to let go and stop being a pussy about it," my mom barked. Some would see this as verbal spousal abuse, I called it Saturday. "Yes, you're right."

The rest of the trip went smoothly; we arrived at my dorm which was more like a suite. I had my own room and I shared a kitchen and living room with my roommate, who I had yet to meet. We unpacked my room and I began to settle in. My dad suggested we go out to eat before they headed back to their newly empty nest. My dad blubbered the whole time, occasionally misting up when he spoke of my brother who was two years older in an out of state college 4 hours away and now me being gone. I tried to comfort him and of course mom barked which usually got him to stop. Being the ever supporter he promised to drive my car up next weekend and slipped me a couple hundred dollars, "to tied me over" before slipping in the car and affectionately kissing my ma on the cheek, receiving a quick slap and a mischievous grin from her. I knew what they were going to be doing in a couple of hours. 

I walked into my apartment only to find a series of boxes lying around the living room and the shower running. Well, I thought, my new roomies here. We were picked on compatibility and I knew her name was Mary Ann. From what I could tell from her Facebook profile she was mixed with something and she was very outgoing. Her light caramel skin was accentuated by her green eyes. We spoke a few times on the phone but nothing too serious. One thing about Mary Ann that stood out was her ass. It was round, full and high. Though my ass was large, it was proportionate to my waist where hers seemed to take on a mind of its own. I felt a ping of jealous, I hope she wasn't snobby. I entered the kitchen for a drink and turned on the television. I bent down into the refrigerator and was met by a pair of large dark eyes when I am up. Startled I dropped my water, spilling it on the floor. 

"Ah!" I yelled jumping back. I could only stare. The dark eyes were peaked and firm and were matched by magnificent globes. Her tits were to die for. Mary Ann smiled brightly, "Lisa right? I'm sorry I scared you." 

I could only blubber as she walked over the puddle coming closer. She reached into the drawer next to me. I could smell her perfume, something spicy that whispered, "Wanna fuck?" I never had sexual feelings for women but it was something about her that really set me off. It could be the three glasses of wine I had at the restaurant or being tired. But her standing there naked really didn't help.

"It's fine. Sorry, I've made a mess. Let me help you." I also reached for towel in the drawer next to me and my skin brushed hers. She looked up at me and smiled. "Nah, its fine. I guess I should tell you I'm a nudist. Is that ok?"

"S-s-ure. Its fine, just a bit of a shock." Her laugh whispered over me and my pussy clenched. She bent down to wipe up the puddle of cold water. Her ass danced in front of me and I was mindless. I licked my lips and something in my mind dared me to spank that soft succulent ass in all its wonder. Her tight caramel pussy swayed with her lips fully visible. God, I was so fucking turned on and I couldn't stop looking. It looked like an engorged heart that was begging for someone to love it and my pussy had the remedy it required. 

Mary Ann looked over her shoulder, her brunet hair moving as she turned. She had a mischievous grin on her face and she came to sit on her heals with her back to me. "You might want to be careful where you look. I'm also bi-sexual and I don't take to kindly to people looking at me like you are without putting out in return."

"I'm so sorry! I don't know what's gotten into me! I may be tired." I was hot, not just on my face but all over. With my chocolate shading I was pretty sure she could see me blush!

She smiled before coming up and turning to me once again. Those tits staring right at me. "Come on, let's have some wine."

She dressed in a t-shirt and lace boy shirts that barely covered her luscious ass and I dressed in shorts and a tank top being self conscious of my figure and how my larger thighs would look. I guess Mary Ann liked it from the whistle I received upon entering the living room. We began talking about our families, hers more conservative and catholic. With a bi-racial father and a Latina mother, Marry Ann had learned the value of being a good and righteous daughter and finding ways to break those standards. 

We then traveled down "ex-boyfriend lane" with Mary Ann being very experienced with both men, women, young adults and an affair with her dads golfing buddy and her mother's best friend. Needless to say, Mary Ann was a slut though she preferred the term "Connoisseur of the Erotic Arts". My response; "potato, potatoes, slut, connoisseur." Our slurred giggles filled the room. 

As our laughter died down Mary Ann shifted closer to me, her hair swaying in between us as her lips touch mine. I tentatively opened my lips as her silken tongue slipped in. She pressed harder as our tongues dueled. I placed my hand on her shoulder as her slipped under my bra to cup my larger breast. She searched and found my darken nipple. I moaned in her mouth as she pinched and pulled it moving closer to me. Our breathing became heavy and I became oblivious to the world. It was only when she began to unclasp my bra that I came back to earth. I suddenly pulled away and stood up. What was I doing? 

"I'm sorry, I- I- I", I was stammering. "Shhhh", she whispered rising from the couch. "It's ok. We're moving too fast. I understand." She hugged me, her firm peaked tits pressing against mine. I hugged her back though her hands slipped over my ass and moved me closer. 

She smiled again, "Its fine. How about we get some sleep?" I all but ran from the living room. Once in my room I curled in a ball and let the tears fall silently from my face. I was a coward, I ran away when my body told me to stay. I drifted into a sleep. 

I was awakened by a thud. Rather, a series of thuds. Our neighbors where obviously kicking the semester of right by a wild fuck. I rose from the bed and walked into the darkened living room. I felt guilty about running from Mary Ann earlier and wanted to check on her. I went to her door where a noise was increasing. It was as if I buzz was fading and growing with each second. I pressed my ear to her door and it continued. I cracked it slightly my breath caught. Mary Ann was spread over her bed, her essence filling the room and her breathing matching the thrusts of a large black vibrator with an abnormally large bulbous head. 

"Oh fuck, yes. Fuck this pussy", she breathed. The moon light illuminated her body. Her nipples where at full peaks as she fucked herself fiercely. She turned suddenly, flipping on her stomach with her ass in full view. I breathed in the sight of her. My hand slipped down my rounded stomach to my aching pussy. I leaned slightly on the door frame careful not to move it more. I found my clit and pressed slightly, an unexpected shock went through my body. The cock disappeared in her body again.

"Oh fuck, take this tight pussy." She reached back and slapped her ass a few times before resuming the fucking. "God, I'm going to come. I wish I had a pussy in my mouth. I hard clit to suck on." I almost lost it. I slipped a few fingers into my dripping pussy and began beating my tight pussy hard, but nothing could stop me from watching this dirty slut fuck herself into a frenzy. 

That ass moved with every stroke and begged to be spanked and fucked. Her head board banged against the wall as she continued to pounded herself. I could feel my knees weaken. I wanted that pussy and wanted to be that vibrating dick pleasing the sides of her beautiful cunt. 

"My pussy is so wet for you. My pussy needs pussy. My pussy needs you. I need to be licked and fucked like the dirty slut I am. I'm a little fuck toy who needs to be taught a lesson. Fuck yes, Oh God, I'm going to squirt, I'm going to cum." 

It was as if she was talking to me though. My orgasm started into my stomach ripping its way to my pussy and clit and I gushed. As if a dam had opened I came hard and stars filled my vision. Tunnel vision filled my eyes and all I could see Mary Ann bucking her hips back on the bed. 

Her dripping pussy being fucked mixed with her heavy breathing made a squishing sound before she jammed the large dildo in her and came. "Fuuuuck! Oh fuck me!" Her ass jiggled continuously as she continued to come. Her juices gushed on the dildo and out of her pussy. She rested her head on her forearm with her ass still in the air and began to make small satisfied mewling sounds. 

I tried to catch my breath and back out of the room silently. I tip toed back to my room and fell on my bed, still panting. 

That night, I slept well and decided to make our mutual masturbation sessions a regular part of our living arrangement. 

"And that is how you use a standard deviation formula. Any questions?" I snapped out my day dream as my professor began to dismiss class. I rose and grabbed my bag. Time to go home.