 I slowly walked into my single dorm room at the top of the stairs, exhausted from a day of meetings and classes. I was told that English majors had an easy schedule, but no one has a clue about the amount of research and writing you have to do. All I wanted was to wash my face and hit the sheets. 

I live in a house with six other girls, a sorority of sorts. I used to have a roommate downstairs but we had parted ways under rather cruel circumstances. Basically, she locked me out anytime she wanted to fuck, which happened to be often. We didn't talk, but that was fine with me. It was better than hearing her scream and moan when I was trying to sleep, or do anything else. The bathroom upstairs was in use so I walked down to the one that Jen and I used to share. I brushed my teeth and began washing my face, when I heard a strange noise coming from Jen's room. There was thud, almost a dull clap sound. I turned off the water so that I could hear better, and I heard it again, followed by a small moan. I'll be damned, I thought, that little bitch is being whipped. I laughed silently but I didn't turn the water back on – I wanted to keep listening. I figured she was getting what she deserved.

Whoever was with her was obviously doing a good job, because her moans sounded a bit more painful with each crack. I stared at the mirror attached to the wall separating Jen's room from the bathroom. As she moaned I slid my hand up my bare thigh and to my pussy- Jen's guttural sex was really turning me on. I leaned back against the wall and watched my fingers slide in and out of my pussy, barely covered by my nightshirt. A moan escaped from my throat as my wetness increased with ever smack of her ass. She always did have a cute ass, round, that fit her 5'9 frame nicely. Her only disadvantage might have been small tits: we always joked that what she didn't have in her b cup I had in my d cup. I imagined her on the floor in the room we used to share, naked, on all fours, being punished for her dirty sins, her long dark hair falling in waves down over her graceful creamy shoulders. I moaned again, a little louder, my pussy sopped with juices. I slid my fingers out and sucked on my own juices. 

All of a sudden Jen quit moaning and I wondered if they had heard me. I heard a male voice on the other side of the wall and the floor creaking a little, and then bed springs. With a sigh of relief I slid my nightshirt off and slid my hand back down to my pussy, my lips puffy. My nipples were erect and I tweaked them with my left hand, rolling and kneading my breasts in circles as the bedsprings became more audible. I knew that she was on top- she loved being on top. We had bunked our beds and late at night I could feel her head occasionally hitting my mattress as she bounced on some fraternity cock. I never could figure out how she'd do it- she'd go out to a party and bring home a guy who was at least six or seven inches, fuck him, and then kick him out. I didn't often see the same guy twice. Such a whore. I wasn't as outgoing, pretty quiet, so I never had half the dates that she did. I hated and envied her for it.

I decided to sit down on the toilet to get a better angle at my pussy. She was moaning a lot louder now, enough that I probably could have heard her upstairs. I slid two fingers in, out, in again, developing a rhythm with the bedsprings. I heard him talking to in a loud whisper, "that's it you little cunt- take my big dick." I fingered myself harder, moaning." He groaned, "make me cum, slut." I closed my eyes. I could see her, naked, bouncing. Bouncing on me. I imagined her tall frame, my hands around her little tits, our legs spread so that her clit was rubbing mine, her hands molding my own huge breasts, pinching my nipples. "My little slut," I groaned as I slammed my fingers into my dripping slit over and over. "That's it bitch, we're going to cum together, I'm going to spread it on your tits and make you lick it off of my fingers, unhnnn," I groaned, louder, so close. And then I heard the door creaking open, no time to grab my shirt. I hadn't locked it when I came in to wash my face. 

Jen was just standing in the doorway in a sheer black camisole, looking at me, with my fingers in my cunt, my nipples swollen and red from my pinching, legs spread across the toilet. I flushed with embarrassment as she stared at my juices on my swollen lips. She took a few steps in as I scrambled to look somewhat presentable even though I was naked. She put her hand on my shoulder and said "Stop moving." I froze again as she turned and closed the door.

"Do you like listening to me?" she asked, grinning like a freshly fucked bitch. I nodded, angry that she had caught me and angry that her pussy was full of semen and mine was not. "I like hearing you punished. You deserve to be whipped," I said, standing, reaching for my shirt to go upstairs. She stood in front of the door. "Where do you think you're going? You should be punished for eavesdropping." She grabbed my arm and held me while she sat down on the toilet. "And I am going to punish you."

I tried to get loose but she yanked me so that I fell right in front of her onto my knees. I had no idea that she was so strong, but she'd lifting after classes and I guess it had helped. My ass was in the air and she slapped me, hard. It hurt like hell, but at the same time I could feel juices seeping down my legs. She slapped me again and I looked up at her. She laughed, "You do like it," and slid her hand in between my legs, touching my pussy. I shuddered and quit trying to get away as she slid a finger in and back out. She tasted it. "My, my, what a sweet cunt you are. Turn around."

I faced her and she spread her legs. She only shaved the outer edges so that hair wouldn't be seen when she wore a bathing suit; otherwise, she was full bush. Jen put her hand on the back of head and pushed me into soaked, hairy cunt. I lapped at her lips, tasting her cum and the semen from her latest fuck. I slid my tongue inside of her hole and she moaned, pressing my head in further. I licked all around her lips, and sucked on her clit, hard, clenching her hips as my tongue slid in and out and all around her. Her cum tasted so good. "I'm going to cum, you little whore," she cried as I felt her pussy quiver and open up a whole new river of cum. I sucked and licked, swallowing her juices, and then leaned back, my lips covered by a coating of her cream.

She leaned back and sighed. "Well, are you going to cum for me or not?" she asked, idly toying with her little nipples. I sat and spread my now soaked thighs and rammed three fingers into my cunt without hesitation. I fucked myself, in and out, feeling my pussy tighten immediately. I knew I was going to cum. Jen saw the look on my face and leaned down and slid a finger over my nipples, grazing them, and then down to my clit. "Let me help," she whispered, and she began rubbing the swollen, red head. I screamed as my pussy exploded, creamy cum pouring out as the muscles clenched my fingers, my body shaking. Jen smiled and stood up, walked back to her room and closed the door as I lay on the floor, still tasting her cum in my mouth.