 Sex was the last thing on my mind when I went to this one restaurant. The first time I went there was about a month ago with my visiting relatives from Washington state. They don't really get good food where they're from, so I decided to take them to a real Mexican restaurant. It was their last day here, and we were all kind of dressed up to celebrate. My aunt and uncle aren't really much to look at. I mean, they're like 55. Both of them are overweight and my uncle is kind of hairy. He was dressed in the Hawaiian print button up shirts that the stereotypical male American tourists wear, and my aunt was dressed in a floral print skirt that went down to her ankles and a white blouse. She was wearing pearls and some fairly tacky earrings, but at least she matched. I was wearing a red halter top and very tight jeans that make my butt look super hot. I topped the outfit off with silver 4 inch heels and large silver hoop earrings. All in all, I looked like I was about to go clubbing instead of eating at a restaurant. 

We got to the restaurant/bar, which was absolutely packed. The three of us walked in and there was barely any space for us to stand, there were so many people waiting for tables. At this particular restaurant, they only hire girls who have really nice bodies and dress provocatively. Basically, people come to this place more for the girls than for the food. I was checking out the different waitresses moving around the tables, but they all looked straight. They looked like party girls that would make out with another girl, but probably just to excite whatever guys might be watching. My observations were interrupted when the guy that worked there told me that it would be a 30 minute wait for a table, and would I like to order a drink while I waited?

We made our way over to the bar, where all three of us ordered Coronas with lemon. When you order a Corona, it has to be with lemon. Lime overpowers the taste, but lemon compliments it nicely. As we were sitting at a small table sipping our beers, a waitress came up to me. She was very thin. She wasn't to the point of being scary skinny, but she was skinny enough for me to be turned off a little. Her face was ok, nothing really special, but she had unbelievably nice hair. It was long, blonde and really silky looking. I wanted to run my fingers through it. I have no idea what kind of top she was wearing, but I do remember she was wearing an extremely short skirt. Overall, she gave off the aura that she was high maintenance and a crazy, party animal kind of girl. 

"Hi, do you need anything?" She smiled at me and touched my bare shoulder lightly. I actually felt electricity when she touched me. Her fingers were so soft.

I said, "Uh, no, not really, but thanks."

My uncle interjected, "Hi, what appetizers do you have?"

She glanced at him for a split second, then her eyes returned to me as she listed off the appetizers. My uncle ordered the tortilla chips and she said perkily to me, "Ok, I'll be right back." I watched her tight ass sway underneath her skirt as she walked away. I don't know what it was that attracted me to her, since she wasn't really pretty. It was probably because she seemed like the kind of girl that's really hard to get. The one that all the guys want but only a very select few are good enough to have her. 

She came back with the chips in less than a minute. She put the basket in front of me and placed a drink next to it. She looked at me and saw the confused expression on my face. "Oh, this one's on me." 

I blinked and met my uncle's eyes for a split second before looking back at our waitress. "Oh. Thanks," I said as I took a sip of it. It was a reddish orange color and tasted fruity. "It's good, what is it?"

She looked pleased and said, "Mai tai. That's what I always order when I go to bars."

I gave her a slow smile and said, "Oh, trying to get me drunk, are you?"

She flashed a quick grin. "Maybe," she said coyly before turning around and walking back behind the bar. After a while, our table was ready so we went to the main restaurant and ate our meal. It turns out that this particular girl happened to be our waitress that evening, but nothing happened for the rest of the night except that whenever she passed by, she'd stare at me. 

I didn't go back to that restaurant for quite some time because I really didn't like the atmosphere, but I went there again a while later with a friend and his family. This time we were able to get a table immediately even though it was crowded, and that same girl turned out to be our waitress again. Now I don't know how this thing works, but apparently waitresses have certain tables that they wait on. Maybe we just happened to sit at all her tables, but every time I've gone there I've sat at a completely different table in a completely different location and she's always my waitress. I'm probably just reading too much into that. 

The second time I went there, she was behind me and reaching around me so she could put my food on the table. As she pulled her hand back, her fingers brushed against the side of my right breast. I thought it was an accident, since those things happen sometimes, but when I looked up at her in mild surprise she was looking back at me with a half-smile on her face. I gave a small laugh and she did the same before turning around and leaving. 

The rest of that night passed uneventfully; I didn't even get a drink from her that time. The third time I went was with a bunch of friends. We were going to go bar hopping, but we wanted to eat something first and kill some time, so we decided to go there. When we arrived it was very crowded again. We sat at the bar and I saw my favorite waitress behind the bar again. She smiled at me and came over, asking me what I wanted to order. I wanted a Corona with lemon again, and she said, "So you're a Corona person, huh? I'm not really a beer person myself but I've never tried Corona," all the while keeping up that smile.

I said, "Beer is an acquired taste." Someone else said something about how they didn't like beer either, but she totally ignored him. I said, "Corona's easy to drink though, you want to try some?" I offered her my bottle.

Her smile grew wider as she paused, seeming to consider my offer for a second before she said, "Ok," and took my bottle. She said, "Lay down on the bar."

I was confused. "What?"

She laughed. "I'm going to take a body shot off you," she said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. 

My friends all started catcalling. I laughed embarrassedly, looking around. "What, right here?"

She said, "Yeah, come on," and patted the bar. 

I figured, what the hell, and climbed on top of the bar. My friends cheered, and we had started attracting attention from the other patrons and waitresses. The waitresses all had this little smile on their face as if they knew exactly what was happening. I made eye contact with one and gave her an "I don't know what the hell I'm doing, I'm an idiot" smile before laying down on my back on the bar. I was wearing a purplish lacey spaghetti strap top, which was low cut enough so that I couldn't wear any sort of bra. I was also wearing those same tight jeans that show off my ass nicely. She pulled up my top so that the hem was just below my breasts. I sucked in my stomach to make a dip in my stomach for her to pour the beer. She poured a small puddle on my stomach and leaned down, her hair falling on one side of her face onto my hips. She placed her hand directly on my pussy as she pressed her mouth to my stomach. She didn't do anything with her hand, just left it there. She sucked on my stomach until the puddle was gone, then sucked on my belly button while pushing her tongue inside it. The feel of her warm, wet tongue contrasting with the cold beer on my stomach was driving me crazy. I was fighting to stay still and be quiet by then. My stomach is extremely sensitive.

My stomach was still wet from the beer so while she sucked on an area of my stomach she'd lick the part that was in her mouth. Soon she'd stopped sucking and was licking every inch of my stomach, even the dry parts. She dipped her tongue into my belly button again then straightened up, removing her hand from my pussy and flipping her hair back. I was kind of dazed as I pulled my shirt down and sat up, getting off the bar. I noticed a lot of guys staring at me and grinning ear to ear. I totally ignored them and tried to pretend nothing had happened, but my friends wouldn't shut up about it. The waitress put the beer back on the table in front of me and gave me a huge smile before leaving and taking some other people's orders.

Eventually the topic of conversation shifted to something else and that little incident was mostly forgotten. Every once in a while I'd still see someone look over at me, though. Including the waitress. Finally we got a table in the restaurant area and she was our waitress, again. We were seated at our table waiting for her to come and take our orders, and this girl and I were joking around with each other. To other people, it would have looked like we were flirting but we weren't. She is really pretty, though. Anyway, we were licking each other's cheeks when the waitress came (I know, it sounds gross. And it is. That's the point). I accidentally caught her eye and she was looking pretty jealous. She waited for me to pry myself out of my friend's arms and took my order without smiling. Then she moved to my left, so that my friend that had been licking my cheek was the last one to place her order. The waitress took her sweet time, too. One of the people asked how much a margarita cost, and she decided to go get a price check right then instead of waiting until she took all of our orders and had to go to the kitchen/bar area anyway. So about ten minutes later, everyone's order was down and she turned around and walked away without even looking at me.

My friends started teasing me, of course. One of them said, "Looks like your new girlfriend is mad at you," and everybody laughed, even though it wasn't really funny. I was kind of upset because she'd totally misinterpreted the whole thing. I didn't want her to think that I was unavailable or not interested in her, because I was. I didn't want her to be mad at me, either. So when she came back with our food, I loudly said, "Hey Judy, where's your boyfriend? I thought we invited him," and pretended I hadn't noticed the waitress yet. Judy said something about how he was going to drop by later. The waitress's face visibly perked up when I said the word "boyfriend". She was obviously listening. When she put my food in front of me, I placed my hand on the back of her bare thigh and thanked her, giving her a meaningful look. She looked at me without smiling, but not with an unfriendly face. She just looked like she was thinking pretty hard. Finally she gave me a little smile and left. 

I wasn't sure what she was thinking, and I wanted to find out. I excused myself and sat at the bar. She came up to me immediately.

"So, are you single or what?" she said as she wiped a glass.

"Yeah, I'm single. Doesn't look like that's going to change anytime soon, either. What about you?" I said.

She put the glass and rag down and leaned over the bar towards me. "I like to stay single. Then you can do whatever you want with whoever you want."

I said, "True. That's one of the biggest benefits of being single, not having to think about anybody except yourself." 

Her eyes were boring into mine. "Yeah, and I like being able to fool around with people that I'm attracted to."

I laughed. "So is this the part where I like, ask you to make out with me?"

She laughed with me. "Something like that."

"Here, let me give you my number," I said, and she pulled out a Sharpie from her pocket. She offered the Sharpie and her arm to me, and I wrote my name and number on her arm. She looked at it and smiled at me again, saying, "I'll call you," as I got up from the bar and returned to my table. She looked at me over her shoulder. "By the way, my name's Alissa."

The rest of the night we exchanged secret glances and smiles, knowing that soon we'd be able to have each other. When the tab came, she gave us a 10% discount, but we left a huge tip for her. As we walked out, one of my friends said, "From now on, I'm always bringing Michelle everywhere with me. Lesbians are always hitting on her, why don't straight girls ever do that to guys?" 

Alissa happened to overhear that since she was waiting on a table right next to the door. She said mock protectively, "She's mine!" and put her hand on my arm. We all laughed, including the people she was waiting on, and went our separate ways. I actually kind of forgot about her for a few days since I was really busy, but that Tuesday she called. We were trying to make plans but we kept getting off the subject. In the end, it took us an hour to determine that we were going to go check out this new club on Friday night. We couldn't stop talking about random stuff. The conversation flowed really well; there were no awkward pauses and I never had to think about what to say next. We had really good chemistry, physically and emotionally.

That Friday night I spent forever trying to figure out what to wear. I didn't want to wear something too slutty and make a bad impression, but I was going out to clubs. And I figured that she was probably going to dress like a slut and I didn't want to be outdone by her, so after showering and shaving I put on this black, see-thru, kind of a mesh top with silver sparkly things on it, a black pleated miniskirt, and silver heels. Overall, it looked pretty slutty, but not in a cheap way. 

We were supposed to meet at this other bar first to get us started, and when I walked in I immediately noticed her. She just had that kind of a presence. It helped that she was dressed at least as slutty as I was, in this black halter top kind of thing and a very, very short denim miniskirt. The guys in the bar kept sneaking glances over at her while the women pretended that she didn't exist. She was sitting at the bar and there was this one poor guy who kept trying to engage her in conversation but she wasn't being friendly. It looked like she was being polite, but distant. The guy wasn't taking the hint though, so when she spotted me she immediately came over to me and gave me a huge hug and a kiss on the cheek. As we were hugging she whispered urgently into my ear, "Pretend you're my girlfriend. This guy won't leave me alone," and disengaged herself from me. She put my arm around her shoulder and her arm went around my waist, her head snuggling into my shoulder. 

We walked towards the bar and she said to the guy, "This is my girlfriend Michelle. Michelle, that's Rob. I'm sorry Rob, but I'm going to have to go now. It was nice talking to you." We turned around and walked away from Rob who was staring at us wide-eyed. We got to the club that was our main destination, which was completely packed. We ordered drinks and sat at the bar since there were no tables available. We talked and watched the people dancing. I was entranced by the smoke machine and the flashing colored lights, which were trippier than usual. I said, "I want to go here when I'm stoned someday," which started a debate over whether alcohol or marijuana was better. 

We finished our drinks and made our way to the dance floor. We found an empty spot near one of the speakers and as I was dancing, I was also watching her body move. We started out kind of far apart so that it looked like we were dancing with each other, but as friends. We caught each other checking us out and we kind of laughed and moved closer to each other. We kept moving closer and closer until our hips slowly pressed against each other and began moving together. I put my hands on her hips and put my feet together so her legs were spread to either side of me while we were dancing. In this position, I could feel the roundness of her pussy and even the little ridges of her inner lips on the front of my pussy. She put her arms around me and pulled me in so our entire bodies were pressed up together instead of only our hips. We were starting to breathe heavily through our mouths and I felt her nipples poking against my breasts, getting harder. I'm sure she could feel mine. Suddenly the room was getting hotter. We both started to sweat a little, but not enough for droplets to form. I could feel my clit getting harder like it was a miniature cock, poking out of its hood. Our skirts had ridden up so that our panty-covered pussies were pressing directly against each other and our bare thighs were rubbing together, smooth skin on smooth skin. I could feel her clit also starting to get hard, pressing against the front of my pussy. 

After a while of this, she began making soft whimpering sounds every time our hips bumped together. I switched positions so that our pussies were rubbing against each other's thigh, which made her gasp and grind against me harder. It was less like dancing and more like sex, we had almost totally lost the rhythm of whatever song was playing and were grinding to our own rhythm. We had an audience of both men and women, most of the men staring at us in fascination and most of the women seeming to be curious. I focused on Alissa again as her hands started sliding down towards my ass, her fingers leaving trails of fire down my back. I was so turned on right then, I couldn't help myself. As she caressed my ass with both her hands, I took one of my hands off her hip and brought it to the side of her face, tilting her head so I could kiss her. Our lips mashed together and our tongues immediately began twisting together. I held her head with one hand, tangling her hair in my fingers, and with my other hand I caressed her hip, running my thumb over her hipbone. She squeezed my ass, pulling me in so our hips were grinding together as hard as they could. Our kiss was a messy one, full of lust and passion. We didn't really care about skill or technique at the moment, we just desperately wanted to taste each other's mouths.

We lost any semblance of dancing as we started a full-on make out session right there. She slipped one of her hands underneath my skirt, which was probably already somewhere above my hips anyway, and massaged one of my butt cheeks. I broke the kiss, gasping for air. "Let's go somewhere. Anywhere, as long as it's not here."

She squeezed my ass one last time before we pulled ourselves apart from each other, straightening our skirts and fixing our hair. She took my hand and led me past the people who were snickering and out of the club. We almost ran to the parking lot, our arms around each other with her fumbling for her keys. When we got to her car I turned around and she slammed me against the car, rubbing our pussies together even before she drove her tongue into my mouth, with her hands on either side of my face. I rubbed my pussy back against hers and pulled her top down just enough so that I could get her breasts free from it. I took her whole breasts into my hands and massaged them while pinching both her nipples between my forefingers and thumbs. She moaned into my mouth and rubbed harder against me. Following my example, she broke the kiss and lifted my breasts out of my shirt and hefted them in her hands for a moment before leaning down and taking one nipple into her mouth, running her tongue over it in different directions. I gasped, my body becoming completely still when I first felt her tongue on my nipple. 

As she licked my nipple, her hand reached down under my skirt and began rubbing my whole pussy through my thong. I spread my legs wider as she rubbed the whole thing up and down a few times, then ran her finger along my slit, tickling my clit when she got to it. Her finger was barely touching my clit, her fingernail just scraping over it. I could feel that there was a noticeable bump where my clit was poking out, which Alissa pinched lightly between her forefinger and thumb, making me cry out and jerk my hips. She left my nipple and got down on her knees, which must have hurt since it was on concrete. She didn't seem to mind, she was too absorbed in my pussy. She pulled my skirt up around my waist and pulled my thong to the side. As soon as the thong was out of the way, I felt some of my juices leak down my thigh. She took her finger and wiped it off, bringing her glistening finger up and slowly sliding it into her mouth, in and out. She gave her finger one last lick and said, "Mmm. I love your taste." She gave my pussy one long lick, making me moan and push my hips forward, then she stood up. 
