 My fantasy, continued...

If you didn't read about my fantasy, may I ask you to read part one, first? Thank-you!

Blue gave the lab that created me these specifications:

- That I would want to satisfy her every sexual desire anytime she wanted me.

- That I would not only love doing so, but would cum MANY times while fucking her...early, often and a LOT.

- Since she has a female cum fetish, she specified that I would cum enough to drench her every time...without squirting.

- She told them she wanted my pussy to be wet ALL the time, and that I would LOVE playing with my pussy for her to watch.

- She told them my outer pussy lips should be very large and that I should let her suck them whenever she wants.

- She specified platinum blonde hair down to my ass and a dark tan that never fades. (Okay...that's in my fantasy because I have those.) 

- That I would be completely without inhibitions in public and would hang on her so everyone would know I am hers and only hers. (The scientists said "no inhibitions" would carry over to social situations at home around others and that they couldn't prevent that. Blue said she'd take her chances.)

- That I would despise wearing clothes.

- Blue didn't ask for my eight-inch tongue...the scientists threw that in because they thought Blue would like it.

She's loving it! How could she not? (As you recall, it looks normal, but I can make it eight inches.)

_____________________________________

"Please Blue? Please let baby fuck you? Please?"

Blue was busy on her computer.

"I have to finish this, Sunny...just a few more minutes."

"Aaaaawwww...baby isn't good at waiting...not at all."

Patience was not an attribute bred into me. Cumming at any given time, was.

"Blue? Baby is going to cum very soon!"

"Oh...baby...hold it in...save it for me."

I slid up to her and looked at her funny. I draped my thigh over her.

"Hold it in? Huh...I don't know to...FUCK! BABY'S COMING!"

My body shook hard...I bit her neck...she lifted her computer just as my hot flood of cum flowed over her tummy, her pussy and her thighs...

Blue smiled at me while I slid my wet thigh hotly up and down her Sunnycum soaked body...my mouth was still on her neck...

"I told you I had to cum!"

"But...but, I wasn't even touching you...your pussy wasn't touching me...YOU weren't touching you!"

I smiled and sucked her neck right under her ear...my pussy was still oozing hot Sunnycum on her..

"You KNOW none of that matters...and you asked for that."

"Fuck! I love it!"

She laid a towel across her lap, got her computer and went back to work.

I touched my huge butterfly pussy lips to her silky smooth thigh and made it quiver and flutter on her skin...

"No...Sunny...you know what that does to me."

I giggled...

"Yeah! I do! Ya know what it does to ME?"

"Oh...Sunny...not again..."

I came so hard! My teeth sunk against her neck and I screamed...my oversexed pussy throbbed as my cum flowed from me in strong pulses, covering my thigh, her thigh and her pussy...

"Fuck...Sunny...your cum feels so hot on my pussy! How hot is it? What is your normal body temperature?"

"I don't know, but WAY higher than a human's."

"Wow! Now, give me five more minutes, then I want your tongue flicking the back of my pussy hard to enough to make my ears wiggle, okay?"

I had my mouth near her ear, making her hot with my breath...

"Baby is going to make you cum all night long...you know that, don't you? I can make you cum as many times as I want you to...lots more than you ever thought you could."

Blue got rid of her computer...good.

I rubbed my cum all over her tummy. I licked a mouthful up with my tongue, then kissed her very hotly, sharing my cum with her. With her cum fetish, she swallowed it hungrily...I licked and sucked it from her lips. She was breathing very hard against my lips, trying to speak...

"More...more, baby...fuck...please give me more Sunnycum..."

Good thing cumming whenever I want was bred into me, but I was still sloppy-drippy from my last orgasm...

I stood over her on the bed...I bent way over and held onto the headboard, bending my knees...she had her arms wrapped around my legs, a firm grip on my thighs...

I let my pussy ooooooze onto her lips...she gasped and eagerly held her mouth open for my honey-sweet woman-juices...some dripped in her mouth and on her lips, some on her cheeks...she purred and whimpered, breathing harder as she moved her mouth around, trying to catch my hot juices...

Blue's ass was squirming around...she reached higher and grabbed my ass. I stayed right where I was...she held my ass, pulled her face up to my pussy and screamed...

"CUM FOR ME, SUNNY! FEED ME YOUR PUSSY! FUCKING CUM FOR ME!"

Screaming unintelligibly into my pussy, her mouth grabbed my big, swollen pussy lips and sucked them into her mouth...I held onto the headboard for dear life and came HARD while Blue had a mouthful of my pussy and sucked relentlessly through my rocking spasms...Blue kept sucking my cum and I felt her swallowing it, gulp after gulp down her throat...

When my orgasm finally ended, she kept her grip on my ass...she let my always-sensitive outer lips slip to her lips, then pulled them hard while she lowered her face from my pussy. She let them slip from her lips...my body jumped hard and I screamed softly...

I laid my body on top of hers, brought my mouth to hers and kissed her roughly, then soooooooooo hotly licked my cum from her neck and her cheeks and kissed her some more, my tongue sliding all over the inside of her mouth. Her ass was still squirming...she lovingly held my face and looked in my eyes...

"Sunny...you're so fucking good...soooooooo fucking good!"

''Well? I should be...I was created to satisfy your hottest sexual desires...they made me just for you."

"Fuck! You were worth every penny!"

"Hmmmmm...don't know what pennies are...no matter."

I slid my thigh between her legs and rubbed it against her...she started squirming her dripping pussy on my skin...I look in her eyes and spoke softly...

"Ooooooooo...you're getting wet for your baby, arent you...tell me how you'd like to cum, and you shall have it. 

But remember, I'm not stopping. Your body will be under my complete control. Now, tell your hot, slutty whore what you LOVE having done to you!"

"I want everything, Sunny! I want to cum all night long! Do whatever you want!"

I smiled and slid myself down her cum-slippery body, slipping between her luscious thighs. Gently, I slid my oversized tongue into her, completely filling her pussy...

"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK!!"

I fucked her with my tongue, relentlessly slamming it against the back of her pussy, shoving her body...I made her cum soooooooooo many times that night...too many times to count! I came over and over, just from the sheer excitement of her orgasms!

Blue finally scooched herself away from my mouth...she'd had enough. She couldn't talk at all...she just laid there, whimpering. I gathered her into my arms and wrapped my legs around her. I softly kissed her lips and that's how we went to sleep...

...The next morning, the sun was shining when we woke. I was still holding her and she was moaning. 

"That's no way to start the day! Mr. Sunshine is peeking in your window and saying, "time to get up, Blue!"

"Oooooohhhhhhh...tell Mr. Sunshine to go away..."

"What is it, you humans like to say? Watch what you wish for?"

She barely opened her eyes...

"I wished it...I got it...now, would you please carry me to the bathroom?"

I picked her up in my arms...

"Aaawwww...poor baby. Maybe I should go easier on you next time!"

She replied to that by giving me a hard spank on my ass...I just looked at her...

"Careful, you'll get me going again..."

"Uh...no Sunny...I love you, oh so much, but, FUCK NO!"

I just smiled at her..."fuck no" doesn't really work for me...

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny