 Note 1: This is Chapter 3 of A Tale of Two Pussies. Please read Chapter 1 and Chapter 2 for the full understanding of the characters. All characters are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it! 

Note 2: Chapter 1 is under Lesbian Sex and Chapter 2 is under Erotic Couplings

Note 3: All of these stories were written before the webmaster posted the Chapter 2

I hope you enjoy them – Morena



Sitting in class all day thinking about that perfect Latina ass had my pussy dripping. For years I had been peaking into Mary Ann's room, watching her fuck herself with whatever toy she had available and cumming with her. I had feeling she knew that I was there and as time passed, we became more brazen with each other. At least once a week I found myself pressed against a wall or a couch with her kissing me into frenzy or feeling me up. She used every opportunity to slap my ass, pinch my nipples or "catch" me naked. Of course, being naked to her was no big deal; she never wore clothes once she was in the apartment. She continuously walked around flaunting her perfect tight body. Her big tits sat high, she had a small waist and a shapely ass. 

We would get aroused enough for her to reach for my pussy. But I always pulled back out of fear. Things were going to change. For a couple of months Mary Ann teased me about being submissive. 

She would often tease me about being a little slave to someone because I didn't have the balls to stand up to them. I started to become angry. 

We started to fight and therefore, we started to stopped touching. She would often come up to me after I had time to cool down and wrap her arms around me telling me she was worried someone would take advantage of me. But, she was going to get what was coming to her. The little tease was going to get the fucking of her life. But first, I was going shopping.

*************************************

I pulled into the parking lot of, "Sensations"; the most erotic toy shop in the city. Mary Ann and I had visited the store several times over the past three years. Each time, was a new adventure and another opportunity for her to flaunt a new potential toy; only to be used later. My favorite was a rotating G Spot Tango Vibrator. Its silicon head was curved acutely. 

Its inner beads moved silkily against Mary Ann's pussy. She always fucked herself into a frenzy which usually resulted in her squirting all over the bed and passing out shortly after. 

I opened the door to the shop and was greeted by Vivian, my least favorite sales girl. Vivian's bright smile was only matched by her blond hair. I envied Vivian. Vivian looked like the perfect Barbie and acted the part beautifully. Despite her innocent and demure façade, Vivian was a slut and a bitch. Her measurements; 34D – 24 – 30 were revealed during a lingerie show the shop owner profiled once a month. Vivian happily greeted me but did not hide her disappointment when she didn't see Mary Ann behind me. 

"Hi Lisa, where's Mary Ann?"

I was well aware of the attraction Vivian shared with Mary Ann and often found myself being possessive. Mary Ann would hopelessly tease the 19 year-old beauty just for fun. In truth, I felt bad for Vivian during those times. She would never service Mary Ann or know the pleasure of her body.

"Oh, she's at the house. I just wanted to stop by and pick up a few things."

"Oh?' Vivian inquired. "What can I get for you today? I'm closing in about 10 minutes. So, I hope you know what you want."

"I'm not sure." Walking past her to the back and through the purple velvet curtain where all the latest sex toys lined the walls in the colorful room. The purple chaise in the middle of the sales floor added a nice touch to the seductive atmosphere. 

Walking tall in my newest pumps, courtesy of Mary Ann, I carefully examined each toy until my eyes caught sight of it. The perfect toy, for the perfect slut.

"I want that." I pointed directly at it and looked over my shoulder. Vivian just stood there, mouth opened and obvious amusement in her eyes.

"You can't be serious. It's so big. What would you do with that?" 

She laughed as she moved to stand beside me. We both looked at it as if admiring a piece of artwork at a museum. She continued to laugh in an almost mocking tone. Each long laugh playing over my skin and feeding into my growing anger. 

"What do you mean, 'what am I going to do with it'?" It was very obvious that I was getting annoyed and wanted answers quickly. 

"Well" she said, oblivious to my feelings, "Why would you want it? WHO are YOU going to use it on? Yourself? Ha!"

Anger crackled inside my body. I could feel my ears getting hot and my eyes turn to slithers. This bimbo stood there laughing at me. Mocking my eagerness to by this toy and obviously skeptical of its usage. As she stood there, I began remembering every taunting word from Mary Ann about people stepping over me. I remembered the cheerleaders on campus teasing everyone with their short skirts. Anger and dominance began to take over me. I took a step back before I did something to drastic.

"Exactly." Vivian mocked haughtily. She turned to walk away and a quickly grabbed her arm, stopping all movement. 

"What did you say?" 

Vivian looked scared and off centered for a split second before her blue eyes made slits of their own and she held an air of challenge.

"I said" tossing her hair, "What are you going to do with it."

"Take. It. Down." I enunciated every word. I released her suddenly. Stumbling slightly she walked over and took down one of the boxes. 

"That's not what I said." Quickly coming up behind her, I snatched the box out of her hand. 

"I said, take it down."

"What? The show case?" She turned her head to look at me, confusion obvious on her face.

"Yes, the show case. Are you deaf?" I could tell that annoyed her. Her cheeks became flushed but she obediently took down the black leather harness with the Stryker Attachment. The life like cock bobbed in her hand as she handed it over. I snatched it out of her hand and made my move.

"Turn around and bend over the chaise." Vivian just stared at me for a long minute before responding.

"What? No, I'm not going to do that." Her breathing was short and she was obviously shocked at my request. I took this opportunity to slip on the harness. It fit snug and required adjusting before it settled over my big ass. The large cock made me feel dominant and powerful. I stroked it absently. The veins and ridges only added to my excitement. I could see Vivian's gaze drop to my newly attached cock. Desire lit her eyes as I stepped closer to her. 

"Are you sure?" I challenged, "You said you wanted to know what I was going to do with it. I'm trying to show you. Unless you don't want to know..." 

She took one small tentative step toward me. I moved and sat on the chaise. Still stroking my cock I looked at Vivian. "I'm going to fuck Mary Ann." Smiling, I spread my legs. "I'm going to fuck her so hard she can't think straight. Do you want to know how?" 

She moved her head silently.

"I'm going to walk in the house and call her to me like the slut she is. And do you know what she's going to do?"

Vivian shook her head. Her hand reaching into the crotch of her pencil skirt; fueled my desire.

"She's going to get on her knees and crawl to me. She's going to beg for my cock and beg for me to fuck her. And I am. I'm going to fuck her so hard that she isn't going to be able to walk tomorrow. And you know who else is going to do that?"

Once again, Vivian shook her head.

"You." I crooked my finger as she sunk to her knees. Her blue eyes dark with desire as she crawled willingly between my legs and licked the base of my cock. Her blue eyes gleamed at me. She licked the cock to the tip before inserting it into her mouth.

"You're a little tease aren't you? Walking around here looking so high and mighty with your little fuck me skirts. Well, you're going to get what you need now aren't you?"

I reached down pulling up her black skirt. My dildo logged in her throat and she gagged slightly. Her smooth bare ass looked perfect. I began hitting each cheek, watching it redden under my hand. My chocolate skin looked darker in contrast to her pale smooth skin. With each smack she moaned louder and took the dildo deeper into her moist mouth.

"You like that don't you? Mmmm" I moaned, I couldn't help but want to fuck her now. I grabbed her blond her and pulled her off of the dick. "Now, as I said before. Turn around and bend over the chaise." 

She didn't hesitate and quickly assumed the position. I got up and examined this beautiful woman. Her ass cheeks were red, her pussy gleaming with arousal. She was panting in desperate need and her hips moved seductively; waiting for someone to fuck her. Coming up behind her; I tapped my cock on her eager pussy a few times. Each time gaining a small moan from her. 

I went on my knees and inhaled her essence. I had never eaten pussy before but I had a good feeling it would be easy for me. I took a tentative lick. The slightly salty-sweet mix hit my tongue like a drug. I dove in. Taking her clit in my mouth, I sucked as if it was a small dick. Her juices exploded on my nose. She was going to have to clean that up later. I attacked her pussy lips softly, making sure to suck each one gently before going back to her clit. Her pussy tasted heavenly. I licked under the hood of her clit making small circles. Once rough with the top of my tongue only to lick it again gentler.

She was pressing back on my face firmly now. Her moans and words rushing out of her as her orgasm approached. I dislodged the cock from my harness quickly. Without warning I pushed the cock inside her moist wet pussy. 

"Ooo fuck. Yes, please fuck me!" Her dirty mouth only edged me closer. Leaning back my heels I pushed her forward. She fell on the chaise. Still doggy style, she reached back and slapped her ass.

"Are you going to fuck me with that big cock? Are you going to treat me like the slut I am? You know I need it. I need you to fuck me hard. Please. Make me cum!"

Without further persuasion needed I leaned forward and shoved the cock fully in her. Her black pumps jerked and one fell of her foot. 

"Yes, Yes!! I need it!!"

I speared the cock in an out of her with all my force. Her ass bounced as she gripped the chaise for support. This little fuck toy was on fire. I rubbed her clit as she continued to ride the big dildo; while gently biting on ass cheek and giving it the occasional swat. When my cell phone vibrated with a text from Mary Ann, I refocused on my original purpose. 

Are you cumin? The food is getting cold... and so am I... xoxo

I pussy clinched in anticipation. I looked at the writing slut I was fucking under my hand. She was hot, she was even beautiful. But she wasn't Mary Ann. 

"All right you little slut. My woman wants me home. You better cum in the next 30 seconds or you're going to be shit out of luck."

With renewed energy she began riding the dildo. Her blond hair, matted with sweat bounced. She pulled her tits from bra and pinched her nipples. I smacked her eyes harder pushing her towards the edge.

"Fuck yes! I'm going to cum; I'm going to fucking cum!" I pinched her clit hard and bit down on her neck. I felt the tremors roll through her body. Shoving the dildo in her pussy was the flame she needed for release.

"Fuuuck Mee! Ahhh Ahhh" I smiled as I watched the blond bombshell cum under my hand. Holding her head down and the dildo firmly inserted into her pussy; I slapped her ass a few more times. 

Stepping back, I took out my phone and began taking pictures. Changing the setting to video I began smacking her ass again.

"Who owns this pussy?" 

"You do Ms. Lisa"

"Whose pussy do you need above all others?"

She paused for a moment, uncertain of the correct answer. "Yours. ....And Ms. Mary Ann's"

I pulled her hair back hard; her eyes looked straight into the lens of my phone. 

"And who owns Mary Ann's pussy?"

"You do Ms. Lisa."

I smiled seductively. Smacking her ass one more time; I took off the harness and picked up the box containing a new one and walked out. Leaving her face down ass up on the chaise.

**************************************

I slipped the strap-on in my backpack and walked into the apartment. From the doorway, I could see Mary Ann. My heart stopped for a split second before pounding into my chest. My bad slipped to floor as she walked toward me. The black halter-top dress fit her like a glove. Her breasts were damn near popping out and her brunet hair swung seductively. I couldn't breathe for looking at her. She was perfect. Her sexy caramel skin appeared lighter in the black dress and her eyes were dark. 

"Welcome home." She was on me now, her breathe fanned my face, "Wanna eat?" Her kiss was heavenly. Our full lips pressed firmly against each other and our tongues slide in and out of each other mouths. My hands moved down the curve of her back and settled on her big ass. I squeezed it as she pressed into me. A moan escaped from my lips as she began kissing down my neck. She slowly pulled the shirt over my head. 

Kissing the swell of my breasts and running her hand over my curved stomach. She reached behind me and unfastened my bra. My breasts bounced with released. 

"Mmmm, I love your tits. Did I ever tell you how much I love your tits?" Mary Ann took her time with each nipple. Her tongue swirled around each large dark areola. Her teeth nipped and pulled each until my hips began moving across her thigh.

When she pinched each other them hard, my breath exploded from my body.

"Please! Stop teasing me!" I could feel her smile across my stomach as she traveled lower. She pushed me back firmly into the wall. She unfastened my jeans and pulled them down until the rested under my ass. Turning me around.

"This ass. This big, fucking, ass." She began rubbing it. Taking each cheek in her hand she moved them back and forth. I smiled. I always thought my ass was too big but Mary Ann didn't seem to think so. 

*Smack*, I flinched at the impact. *Smack*

"You like to be spanked, don't you?" *Smack*

"Mmmm, yes. Harder!" *Smack* my ass jiggled at the hand of her abuse.

"You know what I'm going to do later?" *Smack*

"No, what?" *Smack*

"I'm going to fuck this big ass." That made me pause; I had never been fucked in the ass before.

"But first" she announced while turning me back around, "I'm going to get dinner."

Without any assistance she ripped the thong from me and dove into my dripping pussy. I gasped at the new sensations that rushed through me. She dragged the rest of my jeans from me while still attacking my pussy. 

"Oh ... my.....god" The words barely escaped my lips. 

Mary Ann moaned while her tongued danced around the inside of my pussy. Her juicy lips where firmly attached to my cunt. Her lips inside my pussy lips as she swirled her tongue around my clit. I ran my hands through her hair. When she continued to travel lower, my grip tightened. I wanted her to stay where she was, but she had other plans. Mary Ann face was covered with my juices and her eye bore into me. 

"Fuck Mary Ann, You eat pussy so well. Fuck baby ... baby... you're going to make me cum." 

Mary Ann inserted one finger into me... two fingers and hooked them. That was all it took to turn me into a complete animal.

"Fuck this pussy. Fuck this lesbian pussy, you little fuck toy."

Mary Ann plunged in and out of me while still firmly attached to my cunt like a suction cup. I was going to make her bring me off whether she wanted to or not. Her fingers where removed and replaced by her tongue. Stars danced in front of my eyes. She was tongued fucking me. I looked down at her, love and admiration danced in her eyes; mirroring mine. I loved her. She was not only eating my pussy like a class a slut but she was also bringing me pleasure beyond my imagination. When her tongue reached the deepest it could go inside me I exploded. 

"Yesssss, fuck yes baby! I'm going to fucking cum on your pretty face." 

I grabbed her head and pushed it into my pussy. She sucked on my clit and held on for the ride. Her eyes where amused and showed pleasure of bringing me off. 

"Fuck I'm cumming on your face. I'm cumming on your pretty face, you little fucking tease." 

When I released her head she quickly came up and kissed me. I tasted myself on her face. We pressed into each other and clawed on each other until our clothes were completely off. I then remembered the bag. Gasping I stepped back from her and picked up the bag.

"I'll be right back baby, I have a surprise."

"It can wait, I need to get fucked and you need to eat desert." Her laughter mixed with desire only made me want her more.

"Oh", I said stepping closer to her. "You're going to get fucked and I'm going to eat your pussy so good you won't be able to fucking move." Slapping her ass for effect.

"Now," I said, dominance taking over my voice "Get your juicy ass on the kitchen table and spread your legs. I'll be back in a minute."

Mary Ann was surprised by my tone but more than willing to submit. She turned and went to the kitchen table as I went into my room and prepared myself for her submission. 

When I came back out; she was spread on the table. Flashbacks of the memorable nights we shared together moaning in equal pleasure but not touching or seeing each other's arousal. I silently walked over to her. Coming in between her legs I stared at her pussy.

"Do you know how long I've wanted this?" My breath fanned over her moist lips. 

"Do you know how much I've watched you fuck yourself and wished to be the object in which you used?" I blew hot air over it drawing a moan from her.

I grabbed hold of her thighs and spread her a little more. My reflection stared back at me on the glass table and I smiled. Yes, I thought to myself, this was really happening. 

"Now, I'm going to do what I do best." I took a tentative lick. "Eat."

I flattened my tongue and used it to separate her wet lips. I went straight for her clit. Hard and pulsing like a dick, I tongued it fast and hard.

"OOOhhhh fuck!! Shit, I didn't know you could eat pussy baby! Eat your little bitch. Eat me baby."

That's exactly what I did. I pushed my face into her and used my lips to massage her until it felt like I was going to become a part of her. I moaned into her to add vibrations to the sensations coursing through her body. I plunged three fingers into her. I knew from watching her that she liked to be teased a little and she needed direct G-Spot stimulation to squirt. I wanted to make her cum like she's never cum before. I speared her with my fingers while still licking her and taking small nips at her sensitive pussy.

"I'm going to cum. You want that don't you? You want to cum on your face now. You fucking slut. You're the slut now."

She was face fucking me. Her fingers were tangled in my hair and she continued to pull me in. My face completely buried in her pussy. 

"I've turned you. You're such a fucking lesbian, like me. You're mine. Fuck..fuck...I'm cumming, I'm fucking cummin!"

I pushed away from and stood up. Her hips following me due to her tight grasp. I pulled away her hand and her ass fell back to the glass table. I plunged and stayed directly above her as I watched her face. She was surprised then her orgasm intensified. I looked her directly in the eyes as she came. Her beautiful face contorted with pleasure. She really was my love at that moment. I couldn't have asked for a better woman in my life. She had awakened something inside of me and I truly felt beautiful. Who would have thought an overweight, shy black girl bookworm could land such a seductive, intelligent, caring beauty. 

I poured my love into our kiss. I wanted her to feel how much admiration and respect I had for her. She rubbed my and wrapped her legs around me. When I released her lips from mine her eyes were shining with tears.
