 I go to a woman gynecologist, of course. I just changed insurance plans at work, though, and even though she had come recommended to me, I had never met her. The nurse called my name and I went back to the office. 

She weighed me and took my blood pressure and then left a paper cover for my breasts and a paper blanket for over my abdomen. She told me to get undressed and put them on, then wait for the doctor on the table. 

As I lay there, the tears were about to come. It was so humiliating and so upsetting for me. I had never felt more naked as I did there, trying to keep the paper jacket over my breasts. I just sat up, waiting for her knock at the door. Then it came. 

She walked in to the examining room and introduced herself, Dr. Kelly Staves. She could tell I was upset, but told me not to worry, that she would be very careful with me and she would always let me know what she was doing. She was really pretty, wearing her lab coat and with her chestnut brown hair tucked up in to a French twist. Her breasts were pushing at the front of the lab coat. I love big breasts, probably because mine are relatively small. But hers were marvelously round and full and I could see the outline of the nipple against the white fabric. 

"Alright, Kaze, I want you to lay back. I'm going to examine your breasts." I was panting and extremely nervous, but I lay back trying to keep the jacket covering me. My eyes were sequenced tight as she put her hands on my chest and carefully spread apart the front of the jacket. I felt her cool hand press firmly on the outer edges of my breast. 

She moved her hand over it, pressing on it, exploring it. I opened my eyes - I had never been able to open my eyes during an exam - and met hers. She was smiling down at me in this tender way that totally disarmed me. She held my nipple between two fingers and pinched at it slightly. "Is that okay?" she asked. 

I just nodded. She moved to the other one and placed both of her hands around my breast. She was holding it in her hand, squeezing on it, feeling deep in to it. It really felt good - like I said, I have a breast fetish. When she got to the nipple, again, she pinched it between two fingers - just enough to let me know she was there. I realized I may have been getting excited. 

"Okay, everything there feels real good, so I'm going to listen to your heartbeat. Would you sit up please?" I sat up and she slid the whole jacket off of me, so I was sitting there with just the blanket over my lap. She just smiled at me in this way that made me not question anything. She moved the stethoscope all over my upper back, the whole time keeping her other hand spread between my breasts in front. It was starting to feel vaguely erotic to me and when I turned to look at her, I was right level with her lovely breasts. The nipples were definitely protruding - I knew mine were. 

"Heart sounds good, now I'm afraid you're going to have to lie down." But I wasn't scared, I wanted to do exactly as she told me, I wanted her to touch me more. It had never been like this, nothing had. I lay back while she watched, my entire torso and most of my hips exposed to her. She placed both of her hands on my belly and looked right in to my eyes. "Are you okay, Kaze?" She asked, rubbing my soft belly very softly. "Yes, I'm fine, quite comfortable, Thank you." 

"Okay, then, I'm going to proceed with the exam. You need to move down to the end of the table and fit your heels in to the stirrups," she said. These words usually strike terror in my heart, but I moved easily, without hesitation. Once my heels reached the stirrups, I laid back down but my knees were pushed tightly together. 

"Now relax, Kaze," she said, "I'm going to spread your legs, okay?" 

All I could do was nod; I felt blood rush to my pussy and a warm feeling spread. She was under the blanket covering my abdomen; I could feel her breath on my pussy. "I see you like to keep yourself shaved," she said. 

I squirmed. "Yeah," I hesitated, "But I was trying to let it grow out so you wouldn't be so surprised," I apologized. 

She placed her hand on my belly. "Don't worry about it, I love a shaved pussy." I was shocked at her use of the word, but I just laughed nervously and let her continue. 

She spread my lips apart with just one finger. I could feel her arranging them splayed separate, so the inner parts were displayed openly. She moved the lamp to illuminate the whole thing. I thought I heard her give a small moan. "Is everything....okay?" I asked. Suddenly, she walked around the table to my head and got down to my level. 

"I'm going to tell you the truth, Kaze," she said, "I know you've always associated sex with your gynecologist visits," I looked up at her, stunned and confused, but she continued, "and I want to satisfy your curiosity today. Is that going to be okay with you?" she asked. 

I was totally stunned, I couldn't speak. "H-how did you know that?" 

"I can tell by the way you act in here, the way you respond to my touch. I was curious myself, till I got to take everything home," She smiled, making it feel like a private joke. "I'm a doctor, I know what an aroused vagina looks like, and Kaze have one. So let's take this slow. If you want me to stop, tell me. Okay?" 

"Okay," I smiled at her. She leaned over and kissed me on the lips, licking mine, one hand under my head, pushing my tongue onto hers, into her mouth. She kissed my neck, and caressed my breasts hungrily, still with a penetrating exam type touch. I knew without a doubt that my pussy was dripping. "I'm going to take off the blanket, is that okay with you?" she asked. 

"Yes, please," I said, I would do anything she wanted. 

She sat back down on the stool, in front of my exposed pussy. "I'm going to insert the speculum now," she said, "I think you love having your pussy spread, and I'm going to do it for you. You just tell me when you've had enough, okay, honey?" 

"Yes," I was so excited; I could barely speak the word. I felt her rub some lubricant all over my pussy and inside. She was holding my lips open with one hand and introducing the tip of the speculum in to my vagina with the other. She pushed it completely in and I gasped. I love the feeling of being filled and penetrated and now I was about to hyperventilate. She sensed my deep breathing and told me to relax. She rubbed my inner thighs, leaving the speculum unopened and in my pussy. She rubbed my belly and stroked my abdomen until my breathing slowed a little. Then she started to open the speculum. 

At first it was barely noticeable, like a finger penetrating me. But then it started to spread my pussy walls. I clenched my fists. "Oh, that's nice, that's so nice," I told her. 

"Good, now relax and let me examine you," she said. She was still opening it up in small increments, more and more. The pressure was building up and I could start to feel a yearning deep in my cunt for penetration. "Lets leave it here for a few moments, okay?" she asked. 

I nodded. The feeling was exquisite. She moved the light to shine directly on my open pussy. I was so sensitive, I could feel the heat. She started to rub my clit with the pad of her thumb. I was in ecstasy. She kept a close eye on my face to see how I was reacting. "You're taking it so nice," she said, "Your pussy is so lovely all spread open like this, want to see?" she asked me. 

"Yes!" I exclaimed, almost screaming it. She went to a cabinet and took out a mirror. She set it in a stand on the floor and positioned it so I could see from way up on the table. "Isn't it beautiful?" she asked. 

I nodded slowly. I was transfixed by the sight. Then, she got up on the table with me, like we were going to do sixty-nine, and started to lick my clit in long, lapping, slow strokes. "Oh, oh, oh, oh God..." nothing had ever felt so erotic, so absolutely beautiful. I loved seeing her lick my pussy; I loved seeing her finger me through the speculum. Just as I was about to come, she stopped. She kissed me again, deeply and sensually, like before. "I don't want you to come before the bi-manual part of the exam," she smiled. 

"Okay," I agreed. 

She withdrew the speculum slowly so that I was excited by the fact that she was doing it. She knew exactly what I wanted, everything I had fantasized about in my most secret fantasy. It was wonderful. Then, quite abruptly, she slid two fingers in to my vagina. 

"Oh, yes," I moaned. 

She smiled at me affectionately. "Yes, my love let me touch you. Let me examine you. Its okay, relax, love." 

I had to yield to her. She placed one hand on my abdomen and pressed down while she pressed up with her fingers inside me. She moved them all around, stroking the inside of my pussy. She moved her top hand down to my clit and pinched it, let it slide out of her fingers, then pinched it again. I was going to come in seconds. She took her thumb and laid the pad square on to my clit, pressed down just a little, then rubbed. She penetrated deeper with her fingers in my clit and deeper still as she felt me start to come. I was moaning wildly, trying to reach for her, coming all over her fingers. "Yes, let it out, keep going, you can keep it going, honey," she cheered on my orgasm. 

When she took out her fingers, they were dripping with my juices. She smiled at me and came close to me on the table. She unbuttoned the first few buttons on her lab coat and held my head in her warm breasts. I licked at them weakly, put my arm around her waist and pulled her close to me. I was born again, it was so beautiful. 

"I want you to come back to see me in one month. I will need to do an anal exam," She said, changing her manner to completely business like. "And next time, you should be shaved. You may get dressed now; the nurse will check you out." 

And she left the room. I got dressed and made my next appointment. That was the first time I'd even left the gynecologist's office with a smile on my face and wanting to come back. 

Kaze