 First off I want to thank everyone for the terrific feedback I've gotten so far. My intention is to spread the gamut of themes, and try to come up with as diverse a body of work as I can muster.

* * * * *

My name is Holly, I'm 28 now, but this story happened when I was eighteen. It was my first year of college. That was when it all happened. For three semesters I really let it unravel me. In the end I took two years off of school and then finished my degree at another university. I'm only telling the story now because sometimes late at night, when my husband is asleep I think back to those days and I feel myself getting moist, and I can't help but tell someone because I want you all to know.

The school year was barely under way. I had just gotten my books and had barely unpacked my tiny dorm room. I apparently wasn't going to have a roommate. However as university policy dictated underclassmen aren't permitted to have single dorm rooms so I was bumped in with a sophomore girl named Ashlyn. The resident advisor showed me to her room and introduced me, then left it upon me to begin transferring my belongings.

I left Ashlyn's room and told her I'd be back in a little while, after I re-packed some stuff. It couldn't have taken more than a half hour before I was back at her room with my first armload of boxes. I carefully turned the knob without dropping anything and pushed the door open. As I went to set my stuff down on my desk I noticed Ashlyn sitting at her desk. She was topless. I turned away from her blushing, and apologized for barging in. As my mind went over the image I had just seen I realized she was only wearing a tiny pair of underpants. Her breasts were full and very perky and her nipples stood out starkly against her otherwise pale complexion. She had black short hair that hung in uneven strands around her face almost, but not quite reaching her shoulders in a few places. She was a little shorter than me, I'm 5'2", she was probably five, and slimmer too, although you wouldn't know it from her boobs.

"Don't worry about it." Ashlyn said. "I was just trying to figure out what to wear tonight, if you're going to be my roommate you might as well get used to it, I make my best clothing decisions naked." She laughed and it was a good-hearted laugh.

"Oh alright." I said averting my eyes. "Well I've probably got two more trips to make, so is it alright if I open the door real quick to leave?" I asked shyly.

"Sure go 'head, I'm not bashful." Ashlyn said and although I was intentionally looking away from the corner of my vision I could swear she had reached up with both hands to tug on her nipples.

"Ok see you in a few." I said and hurriedly rushed out the door. When I again returned to the room I knocked gently. "All clear?" I asked.

"Yep you're clear." Ashlyn said from inside. I opened the door and found Ashlyn standing thankfully clothed, and another girl standing beside her.

"Holly this is Megan. She's my best bud. Megan this is Holly my new roomie." Ashlyn said motioning happily between us. Ashlyn had stretched a tiny black half shirt over herself, and was wearing a truly small pair of shorts. Megan was wearing a skintight pair of white pants and a tank top. I thought of the jeans and T-shirt I was wearing. My belly was completely covered, and aside from fitting snugly over my breasts the shirt wasn't the least bit provocative.

"Hey Megan nice to meet you." I said. Megan was a tall totally Irish girl. She towered several inches over me, and had a wild main of red curly hair. There were freckles under her eyes and on the fair swath of cleavage she had exposed, her breasts were really quite large. I began to unpack and Megan and Ashlyn hovered about me asking me questions about myself.

"Did I have a boyfriend?" –No

"Was I a virgin?" –No

"Were all my panties full backed?"-Yes, this question erupted while I unpacked my clothes and had me blushing a lot. Then a whole debate about thongs erupted. Both Megan and Ashlyn proudly tugged the waistbands of their thongs out to demonstrate the popular vote. I apologized and just told them that I was no good at dressing sexy.

"No good at dressing sexy?" Ashlyn said. "You look like you got a pretty hot body underneath all that. What are you a C cup?" I nodded. "And you're what a size three pants?" She added. Again I nodded. "You got all the right equipment, you might as well be using it."

"I just can't I'm too self conscious." I said.

"Self conscious!?" Ashlyn said. "Give us a semester babe, we'll fix that right up."

"A semester?" Megan said. "I bet I can do it in a week." With that Megan pulled her tank top and bra up exposing her breasts. "WOOHOOO!" She shouted loudly shaking her breasts in my face and both her and Ashlyn erupted in laughter as she lowered the tank top. My face was beat red, but I had to laugh.

"I can't believe you just did that." I said between chuckles. Her bare breasts were just below my eye level at her height and had come within inches of my face.

"I'm proud to be a D-cup." Megan said. She lifted the shirt again and wiggled her chest at me. "What do you think?" She asked. Her nipples were a soft light pink color, and fairly large, especially in contrast to Ashlyn's dark hard little bullets. I couldn't picture my own nipples or where they would fall on the spectrum. I suddenly realized that I was staring intently and looked away. Ashlyn and Megan laughed again.

"You don't have to be shy it's not like we all haven't seen tits before." Ashlyn giggled, I looked back and Megan was still flashing me. Ashlyn tackled me and began to tickle me.

"No no stop." I laughed giggling madly. I'm very ticklish. "Please!" I said tears coming to my eyes. "No I 'm ticklish." I could feel Ashlyn's hands snaking under my shirt to tickle my bare midsection. Her hands were warm. I squirmed away.

"I think I have just the motivation to come out of your shell." Ashlyn said. I noticed Megan had put her rack away.

"What?" I asked regaining my composure. I was breathless.

"Naked pajama party." Ashlyn said giggling. "We're all girls, we're going to spend your first dorm night here butt naked!"

"No. I couldn't." I said.

"You don't have your period do you?" Ashlyn asked. I shook my head. "Then it's decided, Megan grab her." Megan grabbed me and wrapped her arms around me engulfing both of my arms and pinning them to my sides. Once she locked her hands together in front of my chest I was helpless. Ashlyn sauntered up to me and reached down. She unbuttoned my jeans.

"Please no." I said. Ashlyn tickled me and I giggled. "Really I can't." I said.

"I'll go first then." Ashlyn said. She unbuttoned her shorts and tugged them off. Next she tugged her tiny thong down her legs revealing a thin dark strip of pubic hair. Finally she grabbed the bottom of her tight half shirt and lifted it over her head, she had been braless and her breasts bounced free. Her breasts were so firm that her nipples actually pointed up slightly.

"Oh my god." I whispered. "You two are nuts."

"You're next." She said and now completely nude in front of me she reached out and grabbed hold of my zipper. Slowly she tugged it down. The pink of my panties was gradually becoming more and more visible. I stayed breathless and quiet looking down at her as she began to ease my jeans off my hips.

"C'mon Ashlyn, I can't do this." I whispered. My jeans were now almost to my knees my panties were totally exposed.

"Sure you can." Ashlyn said. "You're a hottie, you got nothing to worry about." The jeans reached a bunch at my ankles and Megan lifted me off the ground so Ashlyn could pull them off. Ashlyn began to tickle me again, and I began laughing wildly. My bare legs felt so exposed, despite my uneasiness with it, I was anxious for her to expose me more. I wanted her to take my clothes off, I was getting horny, but I was still scared. 

This time she tickled her way up under my shirt and Megan's arms were there. As she reached Megan's arms, Megan loosened her grip Ashlyn's hands wandered across my bra, in fact right over my breasts. My nipples hardened at the sudden stimulation. She was looking for a front clasp. One hand tickled its way between Megan and I to my back and undid my bra. I was laughing and squirming from being tickled. As I squirmed back and forth Megan casually grabbed the bottom of my shirt. Ashlyn who was already naked tickled me furiously and I could feel my shirt easing up as Megan lifted it. 

Every time I tried to hold my shirt down Ashlyn would tickle my armpit and I would pull my arms in for protection. Finally the shirt was over my breasts and bunched up at my neck. I reached up and grabbed for it as I reached up Megan let go of me long enough to pull the shirt and bra together over my head and down off my arms. I reached down to cover my breasts, and Megan quickly dropped the shirt and pulling my arms to my sides resumed her bear hug.

I could feel Megan's shirt pressing against my bare back, the swell of her huge boobs hard against me from the pressure of her hold on me.

"Very nice." Ashlyn said stepping back to admire my breasts, Megan kept me from covering them. Her arms were crossing my chest just below my breasts pushing my boobs up. Her bare skin contact was hot and sent tingles through my body. Ashlyn reached out with both hands and took one of my nipples in each. She gently tugged on one then the other.

"What are you doing?" I said. I was still completely out of breath from the tickle session. I looked down at my own round pink nipples, they were small and hard, and when Ashlyn let go of them they stuck out each as big a the end of my pinky finger.

"Just playin'" Ashlyn said. "How do you feel?"

"Naked." I said. "Please let me go."

"I'll give you one chance." Ashlyn said. "I'm gonna' sneak a feel at you're panties." Ashlyn continued. "If you're not wet, we'll let you go and I'm so sorry." She began to tickle my sides a little. I squirmed. "But." She continued. "If you're wet, it's naked pajama party time, you're all ours." While she tickled me with her left hand her right hand went to my crotch.

"No don't." I said between laughs. It was in vain, she went under the leg of my panties. I could feel her fingers run through my pubic hair. The only trimming I ever did was to make sure none hung out of my panties. Then her finger slid lower. I closed my legs tight, and Megan nudged them apart with her knees from behind me. Ashlyn slid a finger between my lips, and even I was surprised both by how slick I was and how good it felt. I moaned in spite of myself.

"You are sopping wet Holly." Ashlyn said. She slid her finger up and down me before settling on my clitoris. She gave it a little squeeze and I moaned again.

"Please stop." I said. She put pressure on my clitoris and then withdrew her hand.

"I'll stop." She said and then she began to pull off my panties. I was totally still, I wanted to say stop to keep resisting, but I was afraid if I said to stop she might actually stop, and I didn't want her to. My panties came off. 

"So Holly?" Ashlyn asked. Megan pushed my legs apart with her knee. Ashlyn placed her hand against the swell of my pubic hair. "How do you feel? You look great." I couldn't answer. "Was that a moan I heard?" Ashlyn asked. She touched the hood of my clitoris, and I moaned again. "Yes it was." She said. I felt ashamed, that these girls had just stripped me naked. I hung my head and closed my eyes. Ashlyn began to work my clitoris in slow firm circles. The sensation was undeniable, and I moaned in spite of my feelings. She worked me more, slowly gaining speed until I was gyrating my hips in time with her pressure. I could feel my body approaching orgasm, and it felt STRONG. I was now half moaning half panting. Suddenly Ashlyn stopped. My head shot up.

"Oh do you want me to keep going?" Ashlyn asked. The betrayal in my eyes was strong. "You don't have to answer, here's the deal, I'll keep going if you agree that every minute you spend in this dorm room will be spent naked." Ashlyn flicked my now engorged clitoris gently. "As soon as you come in after classes you take off your clothes and hang out naked." I stared into her eyes testing her resolve. She was completely serious. "If you agree just nod, and I'll keep going." I was beginning to spasm and twitch from the need for relief, I nodded. 

Ashlyn smiled and resumed the tempo as though she hadn't missed a beat, within seconds I cried out as the orgasm hit me. My legs and hips bucked and I clenched my teeth to keep from screaming. Megan let go of me and I collapsed to my knees. I looked up at Ashlyn who was rubbing her wet fingers over her nipples. I quickly looked back down again reserved to kneel on the floor in a semi-fetal position, thoughts of what had just unfolded racing through my head.

Above me there was the unmistakable rustling of Megan removing her clothing. I was afraid to look up, I was afraid of what might happen next. Now that my orgasm was subsiding I felt dirty, I felt used, it was no longer a pleasurable experience in my mind. I felt a fingernail trace my spine trailing from the nape of my neck downwards. I froze the finger made its way to my butt, then between my legs. I could see Ashlyn's feet on the floor in front of me so I knew it had to be Megan.

"Please no more." I whispered, as Megan's hand found my crotch and she slid a finger easily into my vagina. In my position on my knees I was open and easy access for the Irish girl. After inserting the finger in to the point where her otherwise closed fist pressed against me she slowly withdrew it. Despite my vagina still being very sensitive the sensation was pleasurable. I closed my eyes wondering how to end this or even if I should or even could. It took all my will not to moan, but my breathing pattern still gave me away.

"I think she's still enjoying herself, don't you?" Ashlyn asked of Megan. Megan slid her finger slowly back into me, causing me to inhale sharply. Then I felt the weight of Megan's body over me as she pressed herself against me with the finger still buried inside me. I could feel her hard nipples on the naked flesh of my back. Her full breasts molded into me. Then I felt her lips against the back of my neck. Her breath was so hot. I shuddered a little wondering what they were going to do with me.

"Look up." Megan whispered in my ear. I lifted my head to find Ashlyn she had her pelvis thrust forward, her pussy inches from my face. I put my head back down. "Look up." Megan commanded again her whisper forceful, her breath a tangible wave of heat on my ear. I raised my head again higher this time looking past the slim strip of pubic hair, and over her breasts to meet Ashlyn's gaze. She was looking down at me, a thin smile on her lips. She motioned with a downward flick of her eyes and I lowered my gaze. 

Now staring directly at the full lips of her pussy, I watched as she gently pulled herself open. I was close enough that the musky smell was strong and intoxicating. Megan and Ashlyn laughed together.

"I think this cinches the deal don't you Megan?" Ashlyn asked. Megan's had begun to gently work her finger in and out of me.

"MMM hmmm." Megan said, her mouth so close to my neck that I could feel her every breath.

"Kiss it." Ashlyn commanded. She pushed her hips forwards towards me. She was still holding herself open. Now less than an inch from my mouth her open pussy and pubic hair were all that I could see. Megan's slid her finger most of the way out of me and added another finger, sliding them back into me slowly together.

"Go on, kiss it." Megan said, and licked the base of my neck. I shivered. Her gently working fingers were beginning to cause my numbness to subside and another orgasm to build. I nodded my head, a fractional movement, but enough to voice my consent. Ashlyn placed her pussy against my lips. I stuck my tongue out the flavor of her moistness permeating my taste buds instantly. It was really good. I licked and sucked taking as much of her taste into my mouth as I could. With little warning Ashlyn pulled back suddenly.

"I said kiss it, not eat me out!" Ashlyn said angrily. "You're not a lesbian are you?" I was confused and scared, Ashlyn laughed. "Well if you really want to eat me out, I suppose it won't hurt anything." She rubbed her crotch against my face, and I tentatively began licking her again. She ground herself fiercely against me until it felt like my lips and jaw were going to fall off, finally she began hissing that she was going to come. Meanwhile Megan had never let up her patient and explorational fingering of my crotch, and I was nearing another orgasm also. With a final grind Ashlyn cried out and began to hump my face furiously, her excitement was just enough to send me over the edge and I came as well. Megan withdrew her fingers, now numbering three and allowed me to collapse onto the floor, as Ashlyn shakily climbed onto her bed and curled up into a writhing ball and sighed deeply.

"I love naked pajama parties." Megan said. She lay down on my bed and began to finger herself. "When you feel up to it, Holly, it's my turn." She whispered down at me.

"Holly, just think you're going to get to be naked all the time." Ashlyn whispered in a breathy teasing voice. "This is going to be the best semester ever."

I dosed off lying on the floor, I had just had the two best orgasms of my life and all I could taste was Ashlyn's pussy. When I woke up it was very late at night. I could hear the soft sounds of Megan and Ashlyn sleeping and I had to pee very badly. I pulled myself to my feet, my whole body was sore from sleeping on the floor. I gather up my jeans and my shirt and put them on.

"What do you think you're doing?" Ashlyn whispered.

"I've gotta' pee, sorry I didn't mean to wake you." I said as quietly as I could.

"Alright." Ashlyn said, "but you take those right back off again when you come back." I nodded and headed out into the hall.

The dorm building was mostly dark, there were only emergency lights on, which lit the hallway adequately I suppose. My body was churning from the night's events and the harsh light of the female bathroom was too much for me. I shut it off and sat peeing in only the light spilling out from the shower room. 

On the way back to my room I wondered what I looked like, what I must smell like, would anyone know what had just happened, did I smell like pussy? I quietly opened the door.

"That's far enough." Ashlyn whispered as I stood between the hall and my dorm room. "Take off the jeans and T-shirt."

"In the HALL!?" I asked worriedly.

"Just tonight, I want to make sure you understand the rule this semester." Ashlyn whispered. So standing in the open doorway looking at the naked raven-haired girl curled up on her bed, I eased myself out of my jeans and panties and then tugged my shirt off. When I was done I threw the clothes on the floor of our room.

"OOOh, now turn around for us." Megan said, she was sitting up on my bed, and I got the first really good look at her naked that I had yet seen. Her boobs were huge there was no mistaking that, but what caught my eye was the thick red mass of hair between her legs. I was groomed at the edges, but she kept it THICK in the middle and it was the same fiery red as the hair on her head. I turned once in the doorway, and Megan patted the mattress beside her. "Come to bed, little one, you've got a busy day tomorrow."

I cautiously entered the room and climbed into bed beside Megan. She wrapped her arms around me and ground her pelvis against me, her pubic hair tickle my skin. She was facing me, our boobs mashing together. With how much taller than me she was her crotch was in a perfect position to straddle my leg which she did slowly grinding herself on me.

