 by Alonzo14 (as his alter ego Liz)

In retrospect I think that I was always attracted to women. In high school I always thought the cheerleaders were kind of cute and even a little sexy in those outfits, shaking their pom-poms and turning cartwheels. And I enjoyed looking through my boyfriend's Playboy. I thought that I just enjoyed looking at beautiful things, including women, but I now realize that I was attracted to them sexually.

When I met Steve, he and I hit it off right away in bed. He knew what to do to get me off and was very good at it. After about two years of marriage, however, I had come to think that something was missing from our sex life. I still enjoyed making love with him, and he continued to bring me to terrific orgasms, but I was haunted by the thought that there should be something more.

Linda was a girl in my office who was about 10 years younger than me. She and I seemed to hit it off and soon we were having lunch together almost everyday. Sometimes when Steve was busy with the boys or off on a business trip, she and I would get together and go to a movie. I enjoyed Linda's company. She was quite attractive, and as I look back on it now, she was quite attentive to me, touching my arm for emphasis while chatting, giving me a hello hug that lasted just an instant too long, bringing me little trinkets. I really didn't think anything of it, though.

Well, recently Steve and I got a hot tub which we put in our enclosed porch at the back of our house. I told Linda how Steve and I broke it in by making love in it the first time when used it. She said that she had never been in a hot tub and I told her that she should come over some time to try it out.

A couple of weeks later Steve was away on a business trip. I asked Linda if she wanted to come over for dinner and that we could rent a movie or something. She said that that would be fine, but wanted to know if she could try out the hot tub instead. I told her that that would nice.

Linda arrived with a bottle of wine. She was always so thoughtful.

We had a wonderful little dinner and pretty much polished off the bottle as we chatted. Linda seemed in an especially good mood and her smile made me feel good (although I'm sure that the wine didn't hurt either). 

With a gleem in her eye, she asked if we could try out the tub. I told her that she could change into her suit in the guest bathroom while I changed into mine in the bedroom.

"Suit?" she said wickedly. "I didn't bring one. Aren't you supposed to use a hot tub naked?"

I was a little surprised at her comment because I was expecting that we would be using swim suits, but I laughed and replied that that was, in fact, the usual dress for its use.

She went into the bathroom and I quickly undressed, put on my robe, made my way to the tub and got it bubbling. I climbed into the tub and let the hot water caress me.

I was a little taken aback when Linda arrived a few minutes later with a white towell wrapped around her. 

"Well, here I am, ready or not!" she giggled. And then she removed her towell.

My breath was taken away at her youthful beauty as she climbed into the tub with me. I was a little embarrassed because I felt my nipples stiffen as she laid back to enjoy the water. I hoped that she hadn't noticed my reaction to her nakedness.

Sitting opposite of each other, we chatted some, and giggled a lot, just like two school girls. Sometimes our toes touched and I think I let out a quiet gasp each time this happened.

What was going on inside me? I thought to myself.

Linda began moving closer and closer to me in the tub until we were sitting right next to each other, her shoulder touching mine. She was captivating. Her face angelic. Her smile melting me more than the hot water was. 

Without warning she leaned over and kissed me. Not a little girlfriend kiss, but a deep and passionate kiss!

My first reaction was shock, but the taste of her lips on mine soon began to send shivers through me, even though I was sitting in hot water. When she finally broke the kiss off and leaned back away from me, she had such a satisfied look on her face, such an impish look that I leaned forward and kissed her. Not a passionate kiss. Just a sweet little peck on the cheek.

Feeling a little sheepish at what had just occurred, I raised myself up out of the water and sat on the edge of the tub and began drying myself off with a towell. Linda moved over toward me and positioned herself in front of me. She looked up at me as she slowly pushed my knees apart. 

I was frozen. I knew what was coming. My heart started to pound. My nipples stiffened. The hair on the back of my neck stood up. Linda kept pushing my legs apart, all the while looking into my eyes. Finally, my pussy was fully exposed to her. Her eyes moved from my eyes to my pussy and she pushed forward until her tongue touched my clit. The electricity of that touch sent shock waves through my body. Her arms reached out along the outside of my thighs and her hands grabbed my butt. Now her tongue was darting inside me!! Oh, my god! What is going on? The ecstacy of her mouth on my now throbbing pussy was too much to bear. I stifled a scream as the first wave of orgasm washed over me. But Linda didn't stop there. Her tongue moved expertly in and around my wet pussy, exploring every crease and fold. I grabbed her head and pulled it toward me. Soon I was gasping from my second orgasm!

Steve was good at eating my pussy, but he was nothing compared to Linda. She seemed to know exactly what would send me through the roof. Before she was done I had come four or five times! By now, I was laying back on the ledge around the tub, my heart pounding, my breasts heaving, my pussy dripping.

Looking at her, I saw her mouth and chin damp from my juices and the sight turned me on like never before. I got up and kissed her deeply, tasting my own cum on her lips. I knew at that moment that I had to have her! Pulling her up to me we embraced and I whispered to her that I wanted her to show me how to please her. 

The two of us got out of the tub, quickly dried off and made our way to my bedroom where Linda showed me what to do. Oh, my god, her pussy was so sweet. I loved everything about it. The taste, the feel, the smell. How may caresses and kisses made it get so wet that her juices flowed out of her like a river.

Linda and I spent the rest of the evening holding each other. We fondled each others breasts and suckled them gently. Our legs would intertwine, and our pussies would touch, sending more intense sensatons through me. I explored every inch of Linda's body and she explored mine. I can't even begin to recount the number of times we each climaxed. I know that this was the piece that was missing from my sex life. This wonderful woman had opened Pandora's box for me and I couldn't get enough. And Linda was there to show me. We made sweet gentle love. We had rough sweaty sex. We used our tongues and fingers and even toes to bring each other pleasure.

From that point forward, Linda and I used every excuse to get together. I still love Steve and I still love sex with him, but Linda has given me that extra something that was missing, that special feminine touch.