 Hi my name is Linda and I'd like to thank everyone who e-mailed me in response to my AMY & JOAN story. This story is about my first lesbian encounter, it happened last year on my 18th birthday.......

I was driving home from school along with my friend Beth. It was a nice day out, the windows were down, music playing and the wind was blowing through our hair. Beth looked at me and smiled and told me she couldn't wait to give me my present. We got back to my house, got our book bags and headed in. "Mom? Dad?" I yelled, no one answered. I went in the kitchen and there was a note on the table....

"Dear Linda Love (Nickname my parents actually gave to me), Daddy and I went shopping for your present and we're getting you a birthday cake. Jill will be over around 5 or so. We'll be home soon in time to make sure you have a wonderful birthday Love Mom & Dad"

I smiled and put the note in the trash. Jill was my older sister. She was 22 at the time and lived with her boyfriend Danny. Beth soon walked in, she had taken off her sandals, claimed they were bothering her. Now I have an extreme foot fetish, had it ever since I was 6 years old. I couldn't help but stare.

"Linda watcha looking at? Something on the floor?"

"Oh sorry I was just thinking about something."

"What were you thinking?"

"Just thinking about the present you got me, that's all."

"You want it now?"

"Um ok."

"Ok it's in my book bag, hold on a sec I'll go get it." 

She walked out of the kitchen and a couple seconds later she came back in holding a small, but not too small, box wrapped in birthday wrappings. She handed it too me. 

"Well...open it."

"Ok."

I ripped off the wrapping and opened the box. Inside was a bra and panties. I thought for a few seconds "Why would she get me this?". I looked at her, she looked back at me.

"You like em?"

"Yes, I...I love em but why a bra and panties?"

"Because I thought maybe you could use em"
 "Haha are you saying I don't have enough of these?"

"No no Linda, haha I just.....well try em on"

"Try em on?!?!"

"Yeah why not? Wanna make sure they fit you right?"

"I guess. Ok, be right back"

I ran upstairs to put on the bra and underwear. I took off my shoes, my socks, my shirt and then my jeans. I looked at myself in my full length mirror. "Damn not bad Linda, not bad at all." I thought. I'm about 5'8, 118 pounds with long brown hair. I was on the swim team then so my body was in pretty good shape. I stripped off the bra and panties I was wearing and soon got into my new present. I again studied myself in the mirror. "These bra is so comfrontable, and these panties are great" I said to myself. I went back downstairs where Beth was waiting. 

"WOW Linda, you look great!"

"Thanks babe." I've never called Beth "Babe" before, it felt kinda weird, she has no idea I'm a lesbian, no one does. I was a closet lesbian back then. I was too afraid to let people know and God what would my parents do if they ever found out? Would they dis-own me? But after saying that to Beth she just let out a little giggle.

"Linda, I feel kinda funny."

"What do you mean?"

"Well looking at you in nothing but a bra and underwear is kind of turning me on."

Oh my God I couldn't believe it. My best friend since 2nd grade just told me I was turning her on. I didn't know what to say nor do, I was at lose for words.

"Sorry Linda, that just popped out. Don't hate me."

"Aw Beth I don't hate you at all, it's ok. Would it be better if I went back upstairs and put my clothes back on?"

"No, it's ok." 

"Ok but I'm gonna have to put them back on sooner or later."

"I know."

I did some modeling for Beth a few short minutes later. She seemed to enjoy it, a little too much. She asked me if I could put my back to her and model, without thinking I did it. Soon I felt two hands come from around my back and cup my breasts. I jumped and turned quickly around.

"BETH?! What are you doing?"

"Nothing I...I just wanted to feel them......I'm so sorry Linda"

She put her head down in shame and then I did something crazy. I took her hand and placed it on my breast, then did the same with the other. She softly felt them and I could feel my nipples harden under her touch. The sensation I was feeling was so wonderful. I knew right there and then that I wanted Beth.

"Beth do you want to touch my tits without the bra on?"

"Yes!"

I undid my bra and let it fall to the floor. She once again put her small soft hands on my tits. She pulled my nipples and made little circular motions around them, and then moved her head so I could feel her breath on my erect nipples. Her hands were now all over my body and her tongue was flicking up and down on my nips. I thought I was gonna cum right there. her hand found it's way to my panties and she gently moved it inside. Her finger was playing with my cunt. Teasing my pussy before finally inserting her finger inside. The pleasure I was getting from her was so great! My juices were dipping out of my pussy and all over her finger. When her hand came out of my soaked panties she moved her finger to my mouth and licked off the juice.

She got on her knees and removed my panties. She took my hand and guided me to my room. Once there she pushed me on my bed and got between my legs. She started blowing on my cunt. That made me so fuckin' hot. Within no time her tongue darted out of her mouth and straight into my aching love box. I held her head and force it in more. I started screaming her name in lust.

"BETH!! OH FUCK YEAH BETH! I FUCKIN' LOVE YOU!!" and those screams seemed to encourage her even more because she stopped eating my snatch and moved down to my anus where she licked and fucked it till I came really hard. I couldn't believe it, my best friend just made me cum. I thought she'd stop after that but she didn't. She continued to lick my asshole and soon rammed her middle finger inside then went back to eating my cunt, licking up all the left over cum. I wanted to fuck and eat her so bad. She made me cum 3 more times before I finally got the chance to taste her forbidden fruit.

"Oh God Beth. That was fuckin' awesome! Where did you learn how to do that?"

"From Jamie."

"Jamie?!?!?" Jamie was a friend of ours, I would have never of guessed her.

"Yeah, she ate me out and then I ate her out. She taught me everything and I'm glad I got to show you."

"Mmm well now it's my turn babe. Let's get you naked."

I helped Beth get undressed. First was her shirt, then her pants. She was not wearing a bra, I should have known. Finally she slide off her panties and showed me her beautiful, completely shaved vagina. I needed to taste that pussy so bad. I jumped on top of her and we landed on my bed. Our tongues wrestled in each other's mouths. Then I sucked on her amazing breasts and kissed her stomach and moved myself to her legs. I licked her ankle and decided since I have such a powerful foot fetish why not just suck her toes a bit. Which I did and she seemed to enjoy it but I could tell that she wanted her pussy licked, kissed, and fucked.

I positioned myself between her legs and planted soft kisses on her pussy. I think that annoyed her a little because she really needed to cum. So with that in mind I began devouring her cunt. I bit it and she screamed. Soon I jammed my tongue inside as far as it could go and while doing that I sucked out her juices. My tongue was doing a little dance inside her pretty pink snatch. I could feel she was ready for orgasm and she let loose in a matter of seconds. Her cum came out in waves. I didn't think it'd ever stop, but I didn't care, I just kept licking and sucking. I couldn't return the favor by making her cum 3 more times like she did me but she didn't seem to mind. 

After we were done I looked over at my clock.

"Shit it's 4:45. Jill will be here soon." As I got up I heard a car pull up in my driveway. When I looked outside I saw that it was my parents. I ran downstairs and quickly picked up my bra and panties that were still laying there from before. I ran back upstairs and saw that Beth was almost done getting dressed, she just needed to get her pants on. I got dressed as quickly as I could.

"Linda?"

"Yes?"

"I love you."

"I love you too hun."

We kissed passionatly after those words were said. I had a wonderful birthday that year but this year there was no Beth. She's in college now over in Texas. We e-mail each other everyday and talk on the phone atleast 3 times a months, sometimes we have phone sex. She's currently dating a girl over there and I'm stuck being single but when she comes home over the summer we're going to have a lot of catching up to do. I hope she brings along her girlfriend.