 My name is Janet. I have submitted two other stories. One was true and about my husband enticing me to do another man. The other was about me in a gangbang. That one was not true, but it is one that I often fantasize about. This story is about my college roommate and our sexual encounter. It is a true story.

I got a number of comments on my previous stories and I sincerely thank everyone that commented. Most seemed to enjoy them and a few didn't, which didn't surprise me. Some commented on my "writing skills" which I really appreciate. I never thought of myself as an accomplished writer and still don't. I just tried to tell things as I remember them happening or fantasizing about. Again, thanks to everyone.

Now for my next story...

Kristen and I were roommates in college. We were very close and did everything together. We went shopping, went on double dates and even had the same classes. We talked constantly, mostly about guys and some of the crazy things they did to impress us, but also about our encounters with the guys we dated. We helped each other with our studies and spent long hours at our desk pouring over lecture notes, etc. If we didn't have dates for the weekend evenings we would sit together, drinking and laughing about various professors, guys, the day's events, guys and guys. We got along very well, each helping happily with expenses and apartment duties.

Kristen was a typical California surfer girl. She had long blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and a tan that I would die for. She was taller than me, 5'10", thin and slender. Her breasts were on the smaller side, I would guess 34B and she had long slender legs. Her smile was captivating with brilliant white teeth. She wore very little makeup (she didn't need any). Many times I would glance nonchalantly when she got dressed. She always wore the skimpiest bikini panties and rarely did she wear a bra. She had pink nipples and her pubic hair was a neat triangle just a shade darker than the hair on her head. Occasionally we would catch each other looking when we dressed, but always just laughed and made jokes about each other's bodies. Although I tried my best to act uninterested, I never missed a chance to admire her as she dressed or undressed. I was beginning to desire her. I had read stories and seen pictures of girl-girl sex and admittedly I was intrigued and excited, but never thought I would ever actually do it. I decided not to let my imagination go any further and simply put it out of my mind... mostly. 

One day Kristen said she wasn't feeling well and stayed in the apartment while I went to class. When I got to class the professor said he had a death in the family and had to cancel the lecture. I stopped at the pharmacy to get Kristen some DayQuil and hurried back to the apartment to see how she was doing. When I entered, everything was quiet and I assumed she was sleeping. I decided to sneak in her room and leave the DayQuil on the nightstand without disturbing her. Softly I opened the door and froze. There was Kristen lying naked on the bed, her legs spread wide and masturbating while watching something on her laptop. Her eyes were half closed and she was using two fingers to spread her pussy lips and frantically rubbing her clit with her middle finger. I didn't know what to do. I just stood there watching, my eyes fixed on her fingers wildly rubbing her clit. I knew I should have quietly closed the door and left, but I just couldn't leave this extremely erotic sight.

She must have sensed someone there and she opened her eyes and seeing me, quickly stopped rubbing and closed her legs. She was obviously very embarrassed as her face got beet red. She blushed and said she was so sorry. I asked her to relax and said that I did the same thing many times and not to be embarrassed. She covered her face with her hands and began to giggle. I stared at her nakedness. God she was so lovely. Her breasts jiggled as she laughed and just looking at her nakedness I was beginning to feel that familiar moistness between my legs. I had never really thought seriously about being with another woman before, but here I was,,actually desiring this unbelievably beautiful woman. I had the strongest urge to crawl between her legs and kiss her sweet, wet, obviously ready pussy.

But I didn't. I was scared to even suggest anything so I just stared. I am sure she saw me staring, but made no move to cover herself. It seemed awkward for a few minutes until she finally asked me if I masturbated very often. I confessed that I do it every chance I get and giggled. I asked what she was watching that got her so turned on. She moved the laptop so I could see a man fucking a woman. He was on top of her and by the look on her face she was obviously enjoying it. I said "mmm I can see why you were so involved" and giggled again. Kristen said that it was a movie and asked if I would like to watch. I said sure. She patted the bed beside her and with a wink said that maybe we could get off together while watching. It was my turn to be embarrassed, but not enough to decline this stimulating offer. My heart started beating faster along with my now rapid breathing as I thought about what might happen. I jumped on the bed beside her, still stealing glances at her naked body. She looked at me and said "Well cmon silly, it's going to be much better if you get those clothes off." We both giggled as I crossed my arms and lifted my tee shirt over my head and tossed it on the floor. Kristen watched eagerly as I reached behind my back, unclasped my bra, slid the straps off my arms and tossed it away. We had seen each other naked many times before, but this was somehow different. There was a sparkle in her eyes as she gazed at my breasts. I wiggled my jeans off and slid my panties down my legs and off. It felt strange to be lying on the bed together with both of us naked, but also strangely erotic and excitingly nasty. I tried my best to remain calm, but inside I was burning with desire. 

Kristen wiggled close so that our hips were touching and set the laptop beside her so we could both see the movie. Her soft skin against mine made my body tingle all over. I had never been this close to a naked woman before. It actually felt strange but somehow unbelievably natural. My mind was telling me this was wrong, but my body was yearning for it to go further. My mind was swirling with thoughts of what might happen, but I was scared to make any move for fear it might ruin our friendship.

The movie started. It was an average looking man and woman, certainly not porn stars. He was nicely built although I never saw his cock as it was buried inside her. She was average looking but had huge breasts which were bouncing up and down from the pounding he was giving her. She was obviously enjoying the pumping as her head was swinging back and forth and she was moaning loudly.

Kristen slipped her leg over mine. I watched intently as her hand moved down her stomach and her fingers ran through her soft, fluffy pubic hair. As before she used two fingers to spread her pussy lips and her middle finger began slowly rubbing her clit. Kristen was engrossed by the scene taking place on the laptop. I was engrossed looking Kristen up and down, concentrating mostly on her pussy and her gyrating finger. I could tell Kristen was close to cumming and she didn't even notice that I was also fingering myself. I was breathing very rapidly and my heart was racing. Just the thought of lying here with another girl and both of us masturbating was running wildly through my mind. I closed my eyes as I began to cum. I was moaning loudly and my body jerked up and down as wave after wave of pleasure engulfed my entire being. Suddenly I felt Kristen's hand on mine. Still moaning I felt her move my hand away and replace it with hers. I was on fire as she rubbed my clit perfectly. I raised my hips and spread my legs further to give her more access. The feeling was incredible, even better than when I did it myself. My eyes were still closed when I felt her lips on mine. I threw my arms around her and kissed her back. Our tongues searched for each others as we kissed passionately. We were locked in a constant kiss as her finger continued rubbing, faster and faster. My body jerked and thrashed as my orgasm continued. I was a wild woman. I pulled her closer, my hands clutching the skin of her back. Still lip locked and kissing frantically I began to calm. She continued fingering me but slowly now.

Finally she removed her hand and backed away slightly. We hugged and kissed like two teenagers that sneaked away to make out. I loved the feeling of our breasts pressed together. I ran my hands all over her back feeling and kneading her soft, velvet skin. Kristen nuzzled her face in my neck and whispered in my ear. "Would you do the same for me." I gently pushed her back on the bed and said "I have a better idea."

I sat upright beside her and started running my hands all over her. I began lightly running my fingers along her forehead and her cheeks. Ever so lightly I ran one finger back and forth along her lips. Softly my fingers glided along her neck and then along her chest. I used the fingers of each hand to circle each of her breasts, beginning at the bottom and gradually working their way upward toward her nipples. Kristen let out a soft moan and her body twitched from my touch. I knew what I was going to do, but I wanted a buildup for her. I wanted to see her cum better than ever before. My tongue replaced my hand as I did the same as my fingers had just done. Starting at the bottom and circling until I gently nibbled at her nipple. I took it in my mouth and sucked on her breast as my tongue flickered on her nipple.

Kristen was now moaning loudly, raising her hips and squeezing her legs together. I was fairly sure she was expecting me to finger her like she did me, but I had other plans. I had never licked a girl's pussy before and actually had only thought about it, but here I was ready, even anxious to dive between her legs.

I lightly ran my fingers along her stomach and down her thighs, purposely avoiding her pussy. As my fingers moved back up her thighs she spread her legs in anticipation, but I just got very close and touched along the sides of her pussy. Her body trembled and she raised her hips. She moaned "please." I bent forward and kissed her, then began running my tongue down her stomach. She gasped, obviously knowing what I was about to do. I moved so that I was lying on my stomach between her spread legs. It was the first time I had seen a real woman's pussy from that angle. I placed my fingers on each of her inner thighs and ran softly up and down as I inched myself forward. I could smell her musty aroma. I had always thought I would be disgusted by the smell, as I was always worried about mine, but it was actually inviting. I stared at her pussy lips taking in all I could see. Kristen was moaning and swinging her hard back and forth, pleading with me to please do it. I inched closer and planted a light kiss on her pussy. Kristen gasped and spread her legs even wider. Her breathing was very rapid and her body was shaking. She cried out "Please don't stop." I inched closer and began running my tongue around her pussy lips. She raised her hips pushing closer against my face. I found her clit and I began flickering my tongue, alternately pressing and nibbling on it. I sucked it gently in my mouth, my tongue still rapidly wavering against her. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me closer, grinding her hips against my face. My nose was buried in her soft pubic hair as I strained to push against her. She was swinging her legs back and forth, squeezing my head each time. I heard her yell "I'm going to cum." She exploded in a violent orgasm, twisting and thrashing, pushing my head closer. Her juices were filling my mouth as I pressed my lips against her dripping pussy. Her body shuttered and became rigid as she ground harder against my face. 

I continued licking her as she slowly returned to normal. She looked down at me. I must have been a comical sight with my face pressed against her pussy.

I got up and laid on top of her, our bodies pressed together. We began wildly kissing each other on the lips, cheeks and necks. We embraced and Kristen whispered to me "That was the best I have ever felt."

We did it two more times after that, but that will be another story.