 Alex closed her eyes for a second and just listened to the click, click of Zabi's heels as they walked along the bustling street arm in arm. The noise excited her more than the thought of what they were actually doing. Which was walking along a main street, busy with the evening traffic of people heading somewhere or other, whilst she was wearing nothing but a nearly sheer black dress and a gorgeous pair of Jimmy Choo's ankle boots. Whilst the incredibly sexy woman with her arm linked through Alex's, was wearing just a long leather coat, a pair of hand crafted thigh length boots and a chastity belt. 

The floor wobbled slightly as a fresh wave of desire welled up inside her. That seemed to be happening a lot tonight. 

The 'dirty secret' or 'torment night' as Zabina had called, was that once a week she placed a vibrating egg, controlled remotely by a computer in her apartment, inside her and locked it in place with the chastity belt. Then she would don her boots and coat and leave the apartment. The keys to the belt were left inside and the door was on a time lock. That meant she was at the mercy of the random program for the better part of six hours. Alex couldn't help but wonder just how that would feel and had said as much to Zabina. 

"Maybe one day you'll find out." She had replied with a sly smile. 

Apparently Zabi had been out on one of her torment nights when Alex had first seen her. Being very conscious about what she was doing, she had noticed that Alex had stared at her all evening. The thought that Alex knew what she was doing had made the night doubly exciting. From that night on, she had always gone to the same place at the same time hoping Alex would be there to watch her. 

Maybe it was just coincidence or maybe fate but they had spent nearly six months fantasising about each other until a missed train had led to them meeting face to face. 

After her surfing accident and subsequent dumping by her Barbie look alike girlfriend, Alex had lost all her savings on hospital fees as well as her apartment and subsequently her self-confidence. She had stopped surfing due to a fear of a repeat injury and falling further in to self-loathing. Now everything seemed to be changing for the good and she was going to Zabi's favourite night club for what promised to be an interesting evening. 

"We're here." Zabina said as they stopped by an ordinary looking door of an ordinary looking building. 

"Seriously?" Alex questioned looking around. "It doesn't seem special."

"Don't judge the book Alex. I thought you would have realised everything is not what it seems, especially where I'm concerned." 

Silently Alex swore at herself. "Sorry Zabina. That was a stupid thing to say." She apologised downcast.

"I think we need to set out some ground rules before going any further." Zabina said sounding a little irritated. 

Alex's heart nearly stopped beating. She couldn't believe how thoughtless she had just been. Now Zabi was angry with her and the rest of the evening was ruined. 

A tear ran down her face. 

"Stop that right now!" Zabina's voice was commanding. So much so Alex jumped in shock. 

She continued in a much softer voice. "You are not to put yourself down like that. It's negative and negativity begets negativity. Yes you made a wrong judgment and I corrected you. It doesn't make you a lesser person. And it certainly doesn't mean I am angry with you. I am not your ex." 

A warm soft hand reached out and wiped the tear away. "Forget everything you know about life Alex. It is all pointless. Let me re-educate you, and you will never see the world in the way they do." She gestured at the passers-by. 

"Why me?" Alex asked suddenly. Her voice only slightly more than a whisper.

Arms reached out and wrapped themselves around the tearful woman. 

"You don't see it yet Alex, but you shine with a beauty far beyond anyone around you. You have a free spirit, it is just bound by chains of your own making."

Sobbing freely Alex returned the embrace. She actually couldn't remember the last time she had cried like this and the release of emotion was liberating.

"What do you want most in life Alex?" Zabi asked gently. 

A million things ran through Alex's mind and Zabi featured in most of them, but there was one thing that also swam like a shark around the depths of her fears. 

"Apart from you, there is something I really want." She paused not sure if she had the strength to even say it. After a moment she leaned back to look in to Zabina's dark eyes. "Can you help me surf again?" 

A genuine warm smile radiated back at her. "Alex by the time I am finished with you, you will be walking on water."

A smile spread across Alex's lips lifting her mood and spirit. For the first time in many years she felt like anything was possible. She lent in and kissed Zabina softly. 

"Where have you been all my life?" She asked half serious. 

"Let me show you." She said with a wink and opened the door.

They passed through the door in to a small square room, elegantly decorated and carpeted, to their left stood a wooden desk with and a man in a nicely tailored suit seated behind it. The room had four doors, one to the left marked Paradiso one to the right marked Purgatorio and one directly opposite marked Inferno. The ceiling was painted with a black and white image of concentric circles of angles ascending towards a depiction of Heaven at the centre. 

Alex gasped at the depicted artwork.

"Beautiful isn't it." Zabi said looking towards the ceiling. "It's a reproduction of a painting depicting the ascension in Dante's Devine Comedy. Hence the doors to different levels." 

"It is beautiful." Alex agreed. "And not what I was expecting. I have to confess I know nothing about Dante, other than he was French and lived a long time ago."

"I think I can forgive you that Alex." Zabi said with a short laugh. "And he was Italian. Dominic, the owner of this place is a bit of a fan of the Renaissance and Dante in particular. In his opinion the age of enlightenment would never have happened if it hadn't been for Dante."

"Dominic?" Alex quizzed. "He sounds as though he has been important to you.."

"Is that a tinge of jealousy I detect?" Zabi teased. "Dominic is something very, very different to anyone you have ever known. And actually my half-brother, so you have nothing to fear in that respect." 

The heavily muscled man rose from behind a desk and approached the women. 

"Hello Tony." She said in greeting to the doorman. "This is my friend Alex, she will be my guest for tonight."

"Hello Miss Vitelli." Tony replied, sounding every bit like an extra from a Sopranos. "Miss Alex." He nodded and returned his attention to Zabina. "Will you be descending tonight?"

Zabi flashed a glance at Alex and pondered for a second or two. "Maybe. Can you give her a guest pass just in case."

The doorman removed a case from his jacket pocket and took out a delicate looking silver bracelet which he fastened around Alex's wrist.

"Just pass that over any access pad, if it doesn't flash green you haven't got access to that area." Tony instructed as he smiled at her. "I'm sure Miss Vitelli will show you around and explain."

Feeling a little out of her depth Alex just returned the smile and thanked the large doorman.

Zabi took her by the hand again. "Thank you Tony, I'll take very good care of her." She said as she flashed a similar bracelet, only gold in colour, at a metallic black disc to the left of the door marked Paradiso. An LED at the centre of the disc flash green and the door clicked open. 

"It's as easy as that." Zabi told Alex as she flashed a grin. "And don't worry I won't let you go anywhere I don't think you can handle just yet. As you're new we will start off with the introduction level." Zabi said with another wink. 

They left the foyer and entered a short corridor with another door at the far end, Alex read the sign on the far door. "Paradiso.. Paradise by any chance?"

"Exactly that." Zabi confirmed as she opened the second door and a heavy bass beat pounded its way in to the small hall from the darkness beyond. Zabi paused as she entered the darkness. 

"I need to find somewhere quiet rather quickly." She told Alex. "I the program has just kicked it up a couple of notches." 

The pair of women passed in to the darkened area and paused to let their eyes adjust to the different light level. The music was a mad mix of electronica, rap and hard rock. Like a lot of things Alex had experienced this night it had been a long time since she was in a club that played music this loud and alive. She felt as though she had stepped in to a house she used to live in. 

Feeling very mischievous she slipped her hand down to caress Zabi's bottom through the leather coat. 

"Do you need a hand?" She said as she tugged gently on the chastity belt. 

Alex may have well used a cattle prod on her. 

Zabi went rigid and gasped loudly. "Oh my god. Do that again." 

A little surprised Alex obliged, feeling curious as to what Zabi as experiencing. And feeling her own body react to the Zabi's obvious exhilaration as she moaned and twisted in response to each tiny tweak Alex made. 

The squirming stopped as quickly as it started and Zabi turned and kissed Alex hard on the lips, her tongue exploring hungrily and hands grasping her thighs then sliding upwards under her dress before breaking away suddenly. 

"You have no idea how good that felt." Zabi said breathlessly. "We really, really need to find a nice quiet place."

Alex laughed nervously. "Well I'm not sure there is a quiet place here." While silently hoping they could find somewhere private enough to continue the embrace they had just shared. 

"Don't be so sure." Zabi said as she took her by the hand again and led her out in to the dark bustling room. 

The room they were in was more like an amphitheatre with most of the lower floor space dedicated to a large dance area that was packed with heaving sweating bodies writhing to the pounding music. The tiered sides were ringed with railings every few meters, where more people who didn't want to risk the crush on the dancefloor stood. The door they had enter through was around half way up the side of this tiered area. Flashing strobes and laser displays provided the only illumination.

Zabi half led and half dragged Alex up a shallow flight of stairs to the upper tier. This area was dotted with vacant tables and several dimly lit alcoves lined with seats. 

They entered the nearest vacant alcove and once Alex was seated, Zabi straddled her lap and began kissing her passionately. Alex rapidly became completely absorbed in the moment and the darkened club beyond the alcove faded away as she unbuttoned Zabi's coat and slid her hands under the smooth material to tweak the metal bars that pierced her nipples. 

Zabi groaned in pleasure. 

Remembering how the lightest touch had sent her careering in to a mad climax, Alex was determined to show Zabina that she could please her in the same way. She eased the fingers of one hand around the waistband of the belt and gently lifted it. She had already witnessed the effect this had on Zabi and was rewarded with the woman on her lap arching her back as the pressure on her sensitive clit increased. Alex leaned forwards towards the now thrusting proud nipples and flicked one of the steel bars with her tongue. 

Zabina squealed with the pain and tried to move out of reach of the tormenting tongue, but Alex held her firmly in place with the aid of the chastity belt. 

The feeling of the power she had over Zabi had an intense effect on Alex as it served to increase her own arousal. Silently she wondered just how long she could keep this going and just who would reach orgasm first. The tormented woman writhing on her lap, or herself getting far too carried away with the others arousal. 

She let her free hand roam ceaselessly across Zabina's writhing body exploring which areas reacted better to what stimulation. Pinching the skin here, tickling there and caressing elsewhere, while at the same time alternately flicking the steel bars in her nipples and softly easing the belt backwards and forwards. Between them a breathless panting rhythm was established. Perspiration mingled with saliva and Zabina's wetness until Alex's borrowed dress stuck to her skin and Zabi's skin was slick to touch. 

A final scream escaped Zabina's lips as she threw her head back for what seem to be an eternity then slowly she leaned forwards and wrapped her arms tightly around Alex.

Breathing a sigh of relief that she had managed to outlast Zabi. Alex gently held the other woman while quietly running a hand along her spine. She nuzzled in to her neck a kissed the damp skin while breathing in her scent. 

The world could have ended then and there and Alex would have been happy. For the first time in her life she truly felt connected to another human. 

All too soon Zabi lifted her head and placed a damp kiss on Alex's forehead. "Mio Dio. And I thought I would be educating you."

Alex looked up, her emerald eyes meeting the golden of her lovers. "I needed to do that for you Zabi. I wanted to show you how much I want you."

"Alex you are so precious, as I said, many hidden depths." 

Zabi tenderly eased herself off Alex's lap and on to the seat next to her, loosely covering herself with the folds of her coat. 

"I think I need a drink." She said wiping a slight film of perspiration from her cheek. "And do something with my makeup." She frowned looking at the smudged mess on her hand.

"I have to admit a drink would be nice." Alex agreed grinning. "And you do look like you could do with a slight mascara fix."

"I would love to be able to get away without make-up like you do Alex."

"I don't wear make-up because at my best I look like you do now." Alex replied with a slight laugh.

A wide smile that showed a row of perfect with teeth spread across Zabi's face. "We may have to do something with your hair though." She commented mussing the blonde tangles. 

After a slight wardrobe adjustment the Zabi showed Alex where the restroom was. 

"I didn't intend to throw myself at you like that." Zabi confessed as she fixed her dark makeup. "But it was far more intense than anything I have felt before."

Alex couldn't help but smile back. She was still too shy to admit that she had practically reached climax just watching Zabi contort under her hands. The power over the other woman had been massively arousing.

"It's no problem. It was interesting to say the least." Alex said blushing slightly again. 

Zabina looked at Alex in the mirror. "I actually thought you would be more of a submissive, especially when you removed your clothing for me. Now I'm not so sure, you seemed to enjoy having control over me just as much." 

"I have to be honest." Alex admitted. "I've never been as aroused as I was watching you. But this is all new to me I haven't been in a dominant, submissive relationship before and I want to learn so I can please you. What do you prefer to be controlled or to control?"

Turning back to face her Zabi looked a little wistful at the question. "It is a little more complicated than that. I'm what is called a Switch. I love both, but I have never found a partner that can match my needs." 

Something clicked in to place in Alex's mind. In that instance she knew exactly what Zabi meant, and her heart leapt at the realisation.

"I could try." She blurted out before she could stop herself.

Zabi leaned in once more and kissed her long and hard. "Alex, I was really hoping you would say that."

Alex took a deep breath partly wondering what she was letting herself in for. "So where do we go from here?" she asked. "I'm really not sure what I'm doing and I want to be everything to you I can be." 

Zabina looked thoughtful for a moment. "Well I have a few ideas of how to start your education. The main point of a relationship like this is trust. We have to be able to trust each other totally."

Alex nodded understanding the meaning of what Zabi was saying. "I trust you Zabi."

The studded eyebrow raised again. For some reason this simple facial movement made Alex's stomach resume its acrobatics and she felt her body begin to moisten again. 

"Are you sure you trust me implicitly?" 

Again Alex nodded while swallowing nervously. 

"Okay, let's put that to the test. Give me your phone?" Zabi instructed.

Alex silently passed her mobile phone over wondering where this was leading to. 

Zabi played with the mobile for a moment then handed it back. 

"I have programed my number in so if you need to you can text me. Do you know what a safe word is?"

Alex dragged her memory back to the few porn flicks she had watched to do with domination. "Erm.. It's like a password." Alex said half guessing.

"Exactly that. If at any time you feel uncomfortable or out of your depth you say your safe word and we stop. You just need to choose one, but ensure it's a word you wouldn't normally say by mistake."

Alex's mind went blank. Why is it, she thought, when you need to think of a non sex related word you can't think of one. 

"Strawberries." She blurted, wondering why she had chosen that. "I can't stand the taste of them so I can't imagine myself saying it by accident."

"Fair enough strawberries it is then." Zabi said with a smile. "Last chance to back out."

Alex took a deep breath. "No, I want to do this."

"Give me your dress." She instructed. 

A strange feeling washed over Alex as her body reacted to the unexpected request, it was like having vertigo without being anywhere high. 

"Do you trust me Alex?" Zabi asked again softly.

After a moment Alex nodded and lifted her dress over her head. There was a brief second of hesitation then she passed the item of clothing over.

"Now to phase two." Zabi told her as the garment disappeared inside the coat. "This is a mixed sex bathroom, so both men and women use it. I'm going to go and get a drink from the bar and listen to the music for a while."

A look of disbelief crossed Alex's face. "You're going to leave me here naked?"

The maddening studded eyebrow raised again. "Well I suggest you hide in a cubicle, and I won't be far away. If you get too uncomfortable text me your safe word and I'll come and get you. This is all to prove you trust me and that I can be totally trusted."

Taking a deep breath Alex nodded realising the delicately fine line a relationship like this had to balance on. 

Zabi stepped in close and gave her a quick kiss while giving her bottom a light slap. "You really have a gorgeous body Alex. I'm seriously looking forward to seeing what it can do." She moved towards to door turning at the last moment to wink. "Don't forget I'm never that far away." Then the door closed and Alex was left alone.

"Well." Alex said to herself. "This is another fine mess you've got yourself in to." 

She looked at her reflection in the mirrors on the wall behind the washbasins. "At least she does think I have a good body." She said to her reflection. 

A noise by the door sent her scampering to the nearest cubicle. 

Loud laughter echoed through the room sounded as several people entered. Alex held her breath as she quietly slide the lock in place on the door to the toilet she had taken refuge in. Thankfully the walls and doors went all the way to the floor and ceiling so she wouldn't be discovered. 

The thought made her body heat up again and she became more aroused as she conjured up the images of a group of men and women finding her completely naked. Her free hand drifted over her body while the other clutched the mobile phone like it was a life line. As she brushed her fingers between her legs she realised just how wet she had become and a moaned quietly as she tried not to get too carried away. 
