 "Baby, calm down your breathing..." she spoke in-between kisses, and then she added "... the boys are coming." Nicki could feel that Taylor tensed up in her arms; Taylor lightened the grip around her neck and tried to pull away from her. Nicki wouldn't let her and she held her firmly in place; she wanted her to calm down first before letting her go. She also knew that if she let her go too quickly she would get slapped by Taylor for not warning her sooner and letting her get caught up in the moment.  

"Dude, you so had me there for a moment, but as soon as you opened up that right corner, I knew I would beat you" Vincent said playfully as he pushed Jake on the shoulder with a grin this made his sports bag fall down, on the stone floor beside him. Jake picked it up, giving Vincent an evil look, as he picked up the paste, catching up with Jake whom walked quicker. 

"Yeah whatever, I'll beat you next time; anyway you think Taylor is angry at me? I was supposed to wait on her and running off like that didn't seem cool, I'll take her some place nice..." Jake said wanting Vincent to assure him that Taylor wouldn't be angry at him for long.

"Hey, look" Vincent hissed loudly pointing towards their girlfriends with his hand, with a slightly surprised expression on his face, as he saw what they where doing a few steps away from them. He knew he had Jake's attention now and saw a goofy grin from on his face as he saw his girlfriend make out with Nicki.

"Wow that always turns me on when they kiss like that!" Vincent said as he looked at Jake smiling, not sure what to do next. A silence swept through the corridor, not a sound was made; the girls' lips still locked together making small noises as they touched. 

Both Jake and Vincent where stunned, that their girlfriends could kiss like that when they weren't even lesbians. Jake smiled looking at Vincent knowing he felt the same way he did, neither of them had anything against Taylor nor Nicki for kissing one another since they knew they where best friends. The boys also knew that no matter what Taylor did with Nicki, they would always come back to them. They trusted their girlfriends'; besides they both had seen them kiss before. 

Taylor tensed up even more in Nicki's arms when she heard Vincent's voice close by them. She realized that Nicki wouldn't let go off her if she didn't calm down like she said. So she tenderly put her arms on Nicki's hips and breathed slower, as much as her body would allow her to. Nicki slowly started to withdraw and ended the kiss by lingering her lips against Taylor's before pulling away and licking her lips, knowing Taylor watched her every move. She smiled letting Taylor go completely as she saw the boy's walking up to them. She whipped a tear from Taylor's eye as she had a dreamy look on her face. Jake's voice made her come back to reality as he spoke.

"Nicki, you'll steal my girl away if you keep kissing her like that, you bitch" he said sarcastically and smiled at them both. Taylor didn't seem to notice the sarcasm nor the smile and panic rushed over her.

"Jake, it wasn't her fault, I wanted to..." Her voice was rushed and unstable, she trialled off as she saw Nicki glancing at her, squeezing her hand to make her calm down.

"It's your fault for leaving your girl with me! She wanted you to kiss her and making her feel better, over that stupid test but you were away with Vincent playing with that stupid ball so I had to kiss her for you. I just kissed her the way I though you would do it." Nicki said smiling with a grin of satisfaction on her face.

Taylor felt her cheeks burn with embarrassment, then she spoke up.

"Jerk, you told me you could be waiting! I wanted to kiss you and embrace you, where the hell where you when I needed you?!" Taylor was angry, she may have overreacted a little, but he deserved it. She walked up to him and shoved his cheat, feeling his thigh muscles. 

"Man she is pissed at you" Vincent said with a grin as he put his arm abound Nicki's shoulder, she didn't pull away, only snuggled in closer to him, smelling his shirt, inhaling and enjoying the scent of his newly washed body and hair.  

"I'm so sorry baby" Jake said as she put his hand around her waist and kissed her forehead. Taylor kissed his lips and felt that they where so much more rough then Nicki's, she enjoyed Nicki's lips more. Still she moaned slightly to show approval and so the whole situation between her and Nicki wouldn't seem awkward. She hoped he didn't mind that kiss. She ended the kiss and looked at him; he was smiling knowing that she wasn't as mad anymore.

"But I did send Nicki and you two seemed to be getting just fine without us, too bad I don't have a camera to film you two. That kiss would get tons of hits on YouTube" he said with a grin on his lips. Taylor then knew the kiss turned him on and that he didn't mind. She shoved his towards the lockers and he pretended to loose his balance for a moment.

"Ouch, that hurt you know" he said pitifully touching his shoulder.

"You deserved that, and did you know I'm gay now? Nicki makes me so hot and horny, I'll make love to her all night!" Taylor shouted playfully looking at him and walking towards Nicki taking her hand into hers. Taylor laced her fingers together with Nicki's and pressed her hand into hers. They walked off together in front of the boys. A few seconds later, she was laughing and giggling along side with Nicki, letting go of her hand, knowing that she really wanted to hold on to it; she turned around and smiled at Jake who still had a surprised and stunned look on his face.

"Now we are even, you should see your face cowboy, not so though now are we?" Taylor said playfully as she hugged Jake then ran off into the corridor and towards the front doors of the building; Nicki put her arm around Vincent and smiled at him lovingly. 

"You little brat, come here! Your dead, you scared me to death!" Jake shouted as Taylor ran off, squealing in delight as he chased her along the corridor. When he caught her, he ruffled her light brown hair and taking her by her slim waist he spun her around tickling her at her sides, Taylor couldn't stop squealing, and laughing and trying to get out of his grip as he did so. When she begged him to let her go, he did so, them he started laughing too knowing he had gotten his revenge on his beloved girlfriend. 

Seconds later they all burst out laughing and looking at each other as they where walking out of the building and into the parking lot close by. The kiss between the girls seemed to be forgotten and Taylor hugged Jake not being angry with him anymore. She was actually happy he'd sent Nicki, if he wouldn't she would have never gotten around to kiss her the way she did. All they way throughout the kiss Taylor knew that Nicki felt something for her. She knew that Nicki would hid it until they where alone finally again. She wouldn't risk her or Nicki's relationship with their boyfriends by asking her what the kiss meant to her in front of them. She made a mental note to save it for later.   

As they got outside Taylor noticed that the sky above was cloudy, getting darker by the minute, she felt the rain coming as she was exiting the building together with her boyfriend along with Nicki and Vincent, as the drops of cold rain dripped down on her shoulders, she shivered. Jake pulled her cashmere sweater tighter around her body and shoulder, hoping the fabric would make her less cold, she looked up at him smiling, being thankful she had a boyfriend who cared and took care of her. 

Usually the rain didn't bother her, but since today couldn't get any worse then it already had, rain didn't really make it any better. She knew she'd flunked her math exam and knew that she had to get at least a B on the next one or Mr. Glasgow would fail her on the course. Just the though made her want to cry, as she squeezed Jake's hand, trying to keep the tears intact. She'd always been a straight A student throughout high school but gradually the math became harder in collage and she didn't understand it at all, even if she tried her hardest it didn't seem enough. Not understanding math made it harder in her other subjects too, since physics, biology and chemistry where related to math. 

The campus was pretty much empty; everyone hurried into their cars or the nearest building to get out of the rain. She let her thoughts spin around Mr. Glasgow and his class as they hurried to their car. Not that he was a bad teacher, but he made the already illogical math even worse for Taylor. Maybe it was the fact that Taylor never had been good with math in the first place, thus she somehow got an A- in high school. 

Tutors who were available at campus couldn't really make it any clearer for her, and asking her teacher for help in a subject he couldn't confuse her more in didn't seem like a good idea to Taylor. But now that she though about it Nicki did make it a little clearer to her, that made her smile. Taylor noticed that Nicki didn't have any problems with math what so ever, she on the other hand needed help with history, which Taylor was happy to help her with.

Then she though about why she'd taken this stupid class in the first place. She only took the class because it seemed fun at first; of course at first she understood it when they had the other teacher. She guessed that math wasn't Mr. Glasgow's subject, unlike the math classes Taylor was really found of his American Literature classes which she attended with interest together with Nicki. Taylor glanced towards her best friend and her boyfriend with a slight smile on her lips; they looked like a perfect match, exactly like her and Jake. 

Vincent took off his jacket and put it on Nicki's shoulders as she snuggled closer to him, walking a little quicker. Taylor only then noticed that Jake didn't wearing his jacket. His bare abs where showing from underneath his muscular body and tightly fitted T-shirt. 

"Aren't you cold Jake?" She asked putting her hand on his chest and feeling him shiver, knowing that he was, even if he pretended to be though in front of her.

"I'm fine sweetie, let's get you inside the car so you don't freeze to death or get sick; we wouldn't want that." He said smoothly and caring unlocking the car and opening the back door to his H3 Black Hummer that his dad gave him on his 16th birthday three years ago. Jake's dad was nice that way, Jake asked for a car and he got one the same day, a new Hummer on top of that. She climbed in and made herself comfortable on the black leather seats. Seconds later the door on the other side opened and Nicki climbed in, taking a seat beside her and smiling. 

"We'll take a ride with you guys, we live in the same building complex and Vincent came here with Jake, hope you don't mind sweetie" she leaned in closer to Taylor and quickly kissed her on her cheek, this made Taylor shiver, not due to the cold but because she felt the comfortable warmth run through her, the same warmth she felt when Nicki and her kissed earlier.

"How could I ever mind, we're best friends, get in. But you gotta stop kissing me or I'll do something we'll both regret" she said and smiled shyly at Nicki, blushing. Nicki smiled and put her hand on Taylor's left thigh, not moving it. Taylor gasped, and looking at Nicki with widened eyes, knowing she was provoking her to the limits. She could see in her eyes that familiar lust and that she was enjoying her little game of seduction.   

"Nicki, please I'm begging you... I'm at my limit here! I'm still turned on after our make out session and I swear if you move that hand up even an inch I'll jump your bones right now and here in the backseat of this car, not caring if our boyfriends will watch or not!" Taylor hissed, noticing an evil grin on Nicki's face.

"Ah, your taking away the whole fun sweetie, I just wanted to spice up our journey home a little. Inching my hand a little until I would reach..." She said seductively in an innocent voice that drove Taylor crazy. Nicki leaned in closer to her friend wanting to kiss her again, when she suddenly got interrupted by the Jake getting into the car. Nicki quickly pulled away from Taylor who was still blushing. Jake buckled up and started the engine on one side of the car; Vincent got in on the other side and buckled up in his seat. He then looked over his shoulder at the girls and smiled, they where warmer and that was the only thing that mattered right now.

"You girls okay?" he asked softly as he looked at Nicki then at Taylor. Thankfully Nicki had removed her hand before he'd turned around, she was now gazing out the window watching the rain pour down, looking innocently like nothing had happened.    

"Yeah baby we're okay, a little cold but warmer now thanks to you guys, right Taylor?" Nicki said turning her head and smiling towards Taylor. Taylor didn't respond with words she only nod her head slightly which meant 'yes'. Vincent happily turned around in him seat. Jake had some problems starting the car; finally he hooked the engine and got it going.

"Let's get this baby going and get our asses home" Jake said to everyone referring to the car, then he added "Vince, since you beat me on the court I'll beat you at Fast and Furious when we get home, I challenge you." He said turning to Vincent and smirking towards him. Backing out of the parking lot and driving out of the school campus seconds later. 

"Let it go dude, you lost, you stubborn loser" Vincent frowned looking out the window. Not really caring about what Jake just said to him.

"Chicken!" Vincent heard Jake shout and driving on the main road. Jake turned to him and shoved him on his shoulder, making the stir wheel slipping out of him hand. The car slid to the far right corner on the road and the girls let out a squeal in their seats. 

"Watch it dude!" Jake shoot him an angry look as he got the control back of the car, then he added "Don't do that again, it's dangerous." Jake looked at Vincent who himself looked at the road. 

"Still you are a chicken..." Jake said and got Vincent's attention back, now smiling at him.

"Fine, I'll kick your ass on Xbox 360 too, maybe then you'll learn not to challenge the master of masters'!" Jake said loudly and grinned. 

"Here they go again, boys and their toys." Nicki sighed and looked at Taylor, who was clinched to the inner handle of the car. She leaned over took her hand in hers. She was shaking, and looked at nervously at Nicki, not knowing what will happen next.    

"Jake you moron, take it easy with the car, Taylor is scared out of her skin, she's shaking." She said and hoped that it got into Jake's head, she knew it was Vincent's fault still Jake had the wheel. 

"Sorry, tell your boyfriend that, he's the idiot here" he said and pointed at him annoyed.

"Vincent, please, you can annoy him as much as you want, but look outside it's pouring rain, if Jake looses control over the car we can all be dead" Nicki said calmly knowing her boyfriend listened to her. 

"You're both idiots, so just get even or shut up, you guys." Nicki said knowing that the boy's wouldn't argue, knowing she was right.

"Deal, truce until we get to your apartment and I'll kick your ass" Jake said without looking at Vincent, knowing he snorted at his remark.

"Fine," he said then turning towards Nicki smiling, knowing she was satisfied with that answer, then he added, "The hell you will" the last sentence was meant towards Jake sitting behind wheel. 

Nicki still held on to Taylor's hand, she only clung harder into it. Nicki let her hold on to her hand, knowing that she felt safer that way. She turned to her and smiled her warm and comforting smile. Taylor relaxed her hand but still held on to it. Lacing her fingers together with Nicki's, refusing to let go. Nicki found it very sweet so she decided to have a little fun with Taylor and get her more relaxed at the same time.

She let go of her hand as Taylor looked at her, then Nicki placed it on her thigh far higher then last time. Taylor opened her mouth as she spread her legs slightly further apart; she wanted to gasp with pleasure but remembered where she was and covered her mouth with her hands. Luckily Vincent had put on the stereo and Shakira's new song Waka Waka was playing on a high volume, so even if she had gasped or moaned she doubted that it would be heard. Still she didn't want to take any changes. She looked at Nicki and shoot her a dirty look. 

Nicki inched her hand a little further up as the song in the stereo changed to Shakira's song "Whenever, wherever", Taylor wondered what was up with all the Shakira songs but her attention was quickly turned back to Nicki as her hand inched up on her inner tight even more. Taylor squirmed in her seat and wanted to tell Nicki to stop or she could loose her control which none of them wanted, but she also knew that if she did that Nicki would tease her even more, and she couldn't take that. Taylor felt that she couldn't take it anymore, when she felt Nicki's hand move back and forward on her tight she felt she would explode soon so she plucked up the courage and took the risk, making up her mind.      

"Stop it" Taylor whispered softly under her breath, not sure if the words even reached Nicki. Then Taylor figured out another way of making Nicki stop teasing her, it was a bit risky but the only option left before Taylor would moan out loudly or say something she would regret and draw attention to herself, the boys would probable be very suspicious about that so she decided to give her last resort a try.

"Vincent, you girlfriend is bugging me. I think she's horny and wants to get laid tonight. Can you so kind and tell her that I'm not you, and I don't have that cock of yours she loves so much?" Taylor said loud enough partly to get attention and partly to make Nicki stop. To her surprise she was load enough to make Jake lower the volume on the stereo and turning his attention to own little conversion. 

To Taylor's surprise Vincent laughed out loud then looked with surprised at her. Then he turned back his head towards the road and smiled at what she just said to him, knowing that she was right, he didn't feel like letting a perfect opportunity for a joke side, so he turned around towards her again and said:

"Huh, you think so Taylor? Well then why don't you take care of that for me? She seems turned on enough to do you, and besides you are closer then me, just put in your fingers and thrust them back and forth until she comes, you know like in the porn movies with lesbians" he said, smirked and looked at her. Nicki didn't take away her hand but she'd put her hand on her knee instead, still smiling. This made Taylor panic, and she pinched her hand away lightly and breathed in collecting her thoughts.

"Your kidding me?! I'm not gay and besides if I was she's still taken by that brown haired with green eyes boy over there" Taylor said pointing at Vincent alarmed enough to made Jake react. 

"Vince, don't let your girl take advantage of Taylor, she can't resist your beautiful babe, as you can see" he said smartly in a sulky voice not taking his eyes off the road, but Taylor knew he was enjoying this as much as Vincent and Nicki was. 

"Guys come on, why aren't any of you on my side here? It's unfair!" Taylor yelled and turned towards the window knowing she at least had gotten everyone's attention and that Nicki wouldn't do anything stupid. 

"Because you are so cute, when you are embarrassed." Nicki said calmly as she then laughed. Soon everyone joined her and Taylor smiled even herself a little, she was happy that their little joke was understood by their boyfriends, but she also knew Jake would ask her about that tonight, of course that would be after he had beat Vincent in video games like he promised him earlier. 
