 ~ Hi, everyone! thank you again for reading this story. After a long pause I decided to keep this story going. Thank you to PacoFear for the help with the editing and support. As usual, enjoy and if you like this part, rate and comment! 

Without further ado, enjoy! 

Chapter 5 

"Darn, I knew it" the person said loudly. Finally looking up. Nicki smiled while Taylor relaxed, it was Sam looking up at them. An old friend of Nicki's. Relived and angry at the same time, Taylor stood up and went over to her and hit her on her head taking off her hoodie.

"Ow, hey don't do that" Sam exclaimed smiling. Taylor looked at her.

"How much did you see?" was the next question exiting her mouth.

"Too much" short reply, and to the point.

"But don't worry I won't tell" Sam said and smiled up at her. The last part was meant towards them both but mostly Nicki, Sam knew how much she loved her boyfriend and Taylor, so she would not interfere and she would let them work it out later, alone.

Nicki smiled, finally letting out a loud breath.

"Thank god" she said, nodding towards Sam.

Sam smiled too, nodding. As a way of saying "Yeah, I trust you will do the right thing, for you and Taylor, be honest to yourself and your own heart, sweetheart".

"Yeah, now come on down you two. We are having a movie night!" Sam exclaimed and rushed down the stairs, leaving Nicki and Taylor to get dressed and fixed up.  

Nicki and Taylor looked at each other, thankful to Sam, still knowing they had to talk about it. Nicki stood up, buttoning up her blouse and smiling. She came over to Taylor, touching her arm.

"It will be OK, trust me, now let's go" she pulled Taylor towards the door, praying San would keep her word. 

Every hope was high; then again if something like this would come out to the knowledge of their boys then really everything would be over. The worst part would be, that this time, there would be no turning back, no excuses would be enough.

Taylor smiled weakly and tugged Nicki along down the stairs, while trying not to blush madly when doing so which was the hardest thing to do for her considering the circumstances. 

When the girls reached the button of the stairs Taylor pulled Nicki aside, lightly pushing her up against the wall.

Nicki laughed slightly, her sapphire blue eyes sparkling in the dim light as she tried to figure out what on earth Taylor was trying to do. Of course, only one very obvious thought came to her mind. 

"Still not satisfied, Chaton?" Nicki took this opportunity to close the gap between them, while trying to nuzzle the blonds neck. 

"Uh-huh, how could anyone get enough of you, darling?" Taylor spoke quietly while a slight shiver ran down her spine, giving her goose-bumps. Nicki took full advantage of this response and pulled Taylor toward herself while turning her against the wall. Now it was her time to pleasure Taylor. She would not get away that easy this time. 

"How 'bout letting me do all the work this time, since you where so deliciously good last time, I believe it's only fair." The brunettes voice was sweet as honey to Taylor, who could only get lost in it once again. 

"Is that so?" she asked inching towards Nicki's lips. To her surprise Nicki pulled away. Taylor whimpered in disappointment.

"I want to kiss you" she said looking pleadingly into Nicki's eyes. Nicki grinned, running her fingertips softly over Taylors blouse (she might be wearing a shirt or alike, whichever the case, I don't have the other chapter open right now!), making her press herself towards Nicki's movements with force, trying to get more of her.

"I know you do," Nicki simply said, teasing Taylor even more. Nicki wanted to see how long Taylor could stand the torture, she accidently brushes her hand, on the blonds thigh making her squirm under her touch. Nicki could feel Taylor's hot breath on her neck, heavier by every moment.       

"Please" Taylor begged as she was on the edge of annoyance, her pleasure rising slowly. Nearby someone hurled their throat. With an annoyed look on her face Nicki looked up.

"Geez, get a room you two. I'm here for like what, 2 hours? And somehow I've already walked in on you twice!" Sam interrupted them again.

Taylor heard Sam's voice and unwillingly let go of Nicki. Nicki sighted. 

"Sam you really go to stop interrupting us, it gets on my nerves" Nicki spoke with slight irritation in her voice.  

"Be glad it's her, darling" Taylor whispered and took one step back, in case of the guys walked in unannounced, just to be on the safe side.

"At least this time with some clothes on, thank god! Although I got to admit I kind of like the other show you put up earlier better." Sam smirked and smiled.

"Taylor! Where did they do, don't tell me Nicki ate her up or something?" Jakes voice echoed though the apartment. 

"Nah, my girl would not do that, she would fuck her brains out" Vincent responded, laughing. 

Nicki cough at that remark, reminding herself that it was actually Taylor how was undressing her earlier.  

Taylor looked at Nicki with confusion on the eyes and a raised eyebrow as she turned around and walked to the guys, wondering how come they didn't notice the girls absent before. As soon as Taylor started to talk to the guys, Sam turned to Nicki with a serious expression on her face.

Sam gave Nicki a glare that meant more then just fix this, it meant trouble. Nicki cleared her throat.

"Darling, huh?" Sam smirked; Nicki's gazes still followed Taylor and as much as Sam could tell her eyes were fixed on the blonde's ass. 

"Nicki look at you! You have fallen head over heels for this girl and things will her ugly if your don't make up your mind! You have Vincent, and oh let's not forget your princess over there is in a monogamous relationship with Jake." Sam's voice had a serious tone and was sharp. She paused, letting Nicki take in everything she'd just told her.

"Yeah, I'm aware of that, thank you very much" Nicki said sarcastically, after a long pause. Of course she knew that she had to make up her mind, of course she knew someone would get hurt in this situation. The worst part was she didn't want Taylor wake up one morning and regret anything they might have done or said, neither did Nicki want to hurt her in any way, whatsoever. She leaned against the wall, crossing her arms while her thoughts spun fast as she tried to come up with a good response fast, as well as trying to get her thoughts straight.   

"Sweetie, what I'm sating is; Follow your heart, but make sure you make the right choice. Sure, Vincent might be childish and stupid sometimes but he really loves you. Are you honestly willing to give up his love for a lesbian crush? Think about it."

"Crush?! What the hell do you think this is, a game? You really think I'm fooling around with her and then that I am just going to break up with her like you did with me? Be real Sammy, I'm not that stupid, or haft-hearted." Nicki was furious, how could Sam doubt her. 

"And there you go again"

"Don't even go there, you dumped me remember?" 

"I was a kid! Besides you know my parents, they would have disowned me on the spot if they found out about us" the hurt in Sams eyes was obvious, she had loved Nicki once, but she was scared and choose her family over Nicki. A choice she regretted for a long time. Nicki and her stayed in touch and somehow managed to stay friends. Sam promised Nicki to never bring the subject of "THEM" up to the surface again, and except for that incident way back in time, they were good friends nevertheless.  

"Yeah yeah, so of course you just break up with me and coward away to some distant high school far away, smooth move, Barbie" As soon as Nicki spoke she regretted the words.

"You know what, forget it" Sam said vaguely. 

"I'm sorry, that was too much. The past is the past; let's leave it at that. I know you are trying to help" Nicki sighted, she had to fix this and quickly before it turned into a bigger mess.

"It's just so much in my head right now, and thinking clearly is the last thing on my mind" Nicki reached out and touched Sam's arm, hoping she would understand.  

"You know, I felt the same way about you too. I was a mess when I left and couldn't really get you out of my head. Thank you for still staying in touch with me" Sam said with an apologizing tone as she smiled and swiftly took a couple of steps back.

"Of course, who do you think I am? I've come to terms with the fact that you didn't have a choice and between your family and me the choice was obvious. I probably would have done the same," Nicki admitted, as she felt her sapphire eyes fill with water.

Sam recognized her expression and patted her on the head lovingly.

"Hey, don't flood that pretty face with tears. Sulking on the past won't do you any good. Instead worry about the present and that beauty over there." Sam said and turned her head towards the living room. 

"I will thanks Sammy" Nicki said as she walked before her.

"And Nicki" Nicki turned.

"Hm?"

"I know you don't want to hurt anyone, but them again the rules of fair play do not apply in love and war" Sammy smiled and walked off into the living room.  

"Nicki get over here, the movie is starting" Taylor shouted for the sofa which got her attention. 

"Coming," Nicki answered and rushed to get a spot beside her on the sofa. 

"Sorry, Jake, she's mine tonight, hopefully you don't mind?" she asked him grinning.

"Hell no! Two girls at the same time is every guy's dream, right dude?" he bumped fists with Vincent as they laughed, Taylor gave them a dirty look.  

"Watch it! I might actually fall for her" Taylor warned, which got Vincent's attention.

"Before you two lovebirds get it on all hot and horny, tell me so I don't forget the camera" he answered sarcastically while smiling at Taylor.

"You'll love to see that huh? Well let me tell you, we've actually alrea-" Taylor got interrupted by Sam, who quickly cut in.

"Shut up you all, the movie is starting." She gave a blanket to Taylor, which made Taylor give her an odd look. That translated to something along the lines of; "We are not going to do anything under that, are you crazy?" Sam Nodded at that, "Just in case she thought".   

"Right" Taylor said and sat back, relaxing on the couch. Pulling the blanket over her and Nicki. This gave Nicki the opportunity to snuggle close to Taylor, without anyone seeing her. Cleaver Sammy, cleaver! She thought as she smiled to herself. 

The movie started and for an hour and a half Nicki tortured herself as she tried to resist touching Taylor. The feeling was horrible and her lust grew stronger with every second. She stole glances at her from time to time. From time to time Taylor would smile at her, but that was it. The movie continued and the two main characters started to dance, dancing turned into touching and touching to kisses. A moan from the screen got Nicki's attention as she lazily watched the movie with one eye and had her main focus on Taylor. 

She longed to touch that lightly tanned skin and kiss those full lips, cover her body with kisses. Suddenly and without warning Nicki's blue eyes shoot up as she felt a hand on her thigh, inching up slowly. Oh every so slowly. She glanced at Taylor, who didn't seem to know what she was doing. She pretended that she wasn't doing anything. Oh that devil!  

Nicki looked around the room, Sam was half asleep, and apparently the movie did not interest her too much. The guys on the other hand where glued to the screen, like a sticker on a postcard. She hissed at Taylor but, as excepted no reaction. She leaned in closer and whispered.

"Taylor, come on, what are you doing?"

"Hm, sorry my hand slipped" she said lazily but did not attend to or removed her hand for Nicki's thigh. Nicki sighted. She should have known Taylor was trouble, and Sam just added to the fire with that darn blanket.  

Nicki tried to keep her hands of Taylor, and if she wouldn't move her hand too much that would actually be possible. But of course what did Nicki except? A obedient Taylor after that kissing and oh-so-hot moment in the bedroom? Nicki's mind became clouded as her thoughts went back to the bedroom and Taylor. God her body is so delicious! I want her so bad, I can't take it! Nicki thought. Somehow her thoughts were the same as Taylors because unexpectedly she let a moan escape her lips. 

"Geez, you really want to get in trouble don't you?" Nicki hissed and smiled, slightly amused by the idea of foreplay with their boyfriends in the same room.

"I'm the innocent here, I can only imagine what kind of thoughts are running though your mind just about now" Taylor replied.

"Who's the pervert now, huh?" Nicki asked smartly and sighted. Taylor was making this harder then Nicki could have imagined. Taylor yawned and got closer to Nicki, preferring the warmth and softness, in contrast to Jake's hard muscles and firm grip. Nicki welcomed her gladly.

"Sleep, I won't go anywhere." She whispered and kissed her hair softly. Taylor muffed a sound under her breath that Nicki could not understand. 

Nicki kept watching the movie. Less interested then before. At the end of the movie Sam had woken up and was high on energy after her nap. Jake and Vincent had drank lots of soft drinks full of sugar so their energy level was equally high. They finished the movie. Vincent got up first and looked oddly at the two girls snuggles together on the couch.

"What are you up to?" he asked curiously.

"Shh, Taylor fell asleep, it's your fault for choosing such a boring movie" Nicki whispered and gave Jake a mean look.

"You kidding right? Sleep? The night is young baby! Let's party." Vincent said a bit to loud making Taylor shift in Nicki's arms.

"Shut up" Sam said turning to Vincent.  

"Nicki, these idiots needs to burn off some steam, I just got a text, one of my friends are hosting a part tonight. Her parents are out and hell breaks loose then. They'll have some drinks and calm down or pass out." Sam said to Nicki smiling, giving her an obvious look.

"Right, sure go ahead, I'll stay here with Taylor" Nicki replied. She wasn't interested in partying tonight, not when Taylor wasn't around at least.   

"Nicki come on!" Vincent shouted from the hall.

She ignored him, instead she turned to Sam. Nicki was glad the guys did not argue with her, because she was not in the mood for that tonight. 

"Hit him from me, will you? Have fun and don't drink too much. If they drink too much let them crash at your place, cool?" Nicki asked hoping Sam would get the hint. 

Sam laughed.

"You want me to get them drunk? That's a first" she smiled and nodded. She walked towards the hall. 

"Don't do anything stupid while we're gone" Sam said knowing that would not help much. Looking at Nicki she already knew she was at the edge of her limits. 

"Yeah, have fun" Nicki said brushing a piece of hair from Taylor's forehead.

"Bye" Jake said from the door frame and closed the door behind them while playfully shoving Vincent trying to make him pipe down a bit and not waking up the whole complex building. 

"Finally" Nicki said, looking down at Taylor.

The task at hand right then would be to get Taylor to bed.

Oh boy, Nicki thought as she tried to slowly shake Taylor awake. 

"Sweetie, you'll have to get to bed or you'll freeze" she said quietly.

"Hmm" Taylor mumbled.

"Chaton, please" Nicki pleaded. 

"I love sleeping with you" Taylor whispered, but she didn't wake up. Nicki wondered what kind of dream she had.

Nicki didn't know how but somehow she got a half-asleep Taylor to the bedroom on the first floor. With the excepted bumps along the way. She carefully laid her on the bed. Suddenly it hit her. Taylor was fully clothed. Nicki wouldn't let her sleep in her clothes, she might catch a cold that way. That's right I have to undress her so she doesn't get sick. Nicki thought, that was the rational explanation and it had to be done. Of course Nicki didn't have any dirty thoughts or alternative motive while thinking just that. 

She decided to take off her blouse first. Easy it seamed harmless. Slowly she inched the blouse from her body and put it to the side. For the first time in a long time she got to see Taylor topless, the view was astonishing! She breasts perfectly round and plump, just like she had imagined them to be. Nicki tried to restrain herself as she realized something. Taylors pants where next. Her eyes widened at the thought of seeing Taylor in her underwear. She unbuttoned her jeans and slowly tried to take them off. Taylor shifted in her sleep, opening her eyes a bit.

"What ya doing? she slurred.

"It's me Chaton, undressing you," Nicki replied gently, hoping Taylor wouldn't freak out.

"It's fine, be gentle" was the reply Nicki got. Nicki got the impression that Taylor was reassuring her that she could do whatever she wanted and Taylor wouldn't mind. 

"Always," Nicki smirked at that. Of course she wouldn't take advantage of Taylor, not like this. Sure their games where one thing, but this, no. Nicki might have been aroused but she would never hurt Taylor, she loved her too much. 

Nicki pulled her jeans down together with her socks and guided her under the crisp covers. Taylor made small sounds as Nicki moved her under the covers but was sound asleep. 

Nicki covered her and smiled, Taylor looked so peaceful when sleeping, so innocent. She started to move towards the door, when Taylor grunted slightly.

"You know" there was a pause, Nicki froze freeing Taylor had woken up. 

"I wish my first time was with you, baby I regret" Taylor added. Nicki turned towards her with a stunned expression on her face. Was Taylor serious? She regretted sleeping with Jake?

"Tay, you serious?" Nicki's voice echoed in the room. She waited for a few moments, but she got no reply. Nicki moved closer to Taylor, curious.

"Taylor," she touched her cheek lightly but Taylor was sleeping. The smiled in her sleep and turned away from her.

Maybe Nicki had imagined it? That was possible right? Then again what if Taylor meant it? Did Taylor really love her that much? Nicki smiled at that, maybe their would be a happy ending after all. She shook her head as to shake of the thought. Nicki went out of the door. Since they only had one bed in their apartment each she went downstairs to lie down on the couch and get some sleep herself. She got under the same blanket and closed her eyes. Somehow Nicki always slept light so any small sound would always wake her up, instantly. A couple of hours would do just fine. Before falling asleep Sam texted her.

"Hey babe. We're having fun. Won't be home tonight. You have the place to yourselves. Just remember to clean up afterwards" Nicki smiled, she wrote, "OK" and clicked send, putting the phone down on the table, and closing her eyes again. 

--
Taylor was running. Her legs would soon give out and her hands tried to grip something in the darkness. She could barely see anything and the growls behind her gained on her ... fast. The growls became louder and scarier. Taylor tried to scream but no sound came out. She felt her legs hurting from the entire running. She heard the creature's footsteps closer and closer. She felt helpless, although she ran the distant didn't seam to become any more far away from the monsters. She took a detour and suddenly the growls stopped. She was breathing heavily and panting. Trying to catch her breath. She turned around and suddenly she saw a wolf running towards her. It's jaws huge and eager for blood. It jumped at her and everything blanked in front of her eyes. 
--

~

If you liked this story, remember to rate and comment. Also what would you like the girls to do next? Comment below!