 When I was about young, I had often found myself waking from my sleep, lying on my side, with a pillow between my legs and against myself. I did not think much of it, but sometimes it would be moist and the odor would be of privates myself.

One evening, while my parents were away, my babysitter came in to check on me. She seemed to have noticed that my pillow had moved from the head of the bed and was being kind to move it and place it back at the head of the bed. She did not realize, under the rest of the sheets, the pillow was between my legs. This awoke me, but seeing her and half asleep I thought, she was tucking me in better.

It was when she commented an apology of "I am sorry", that I woke to politely find why she was saying that. She said that she did not mean to bother or embarrass me; she was just moving my pillow to the head of the bed. I was confused; she must have seen that on my waking face. She said she was sorry to bother me when I was having a private moment for myself.

I told her I was sleeping and was not sure what she was talking about. Betty went on to mention that she thought I was using the pillow to enjoy myself. I was still not sure of what she was talking about. Betty started to realize this also.

She boldly commented that she thought I was masturbating. I had never heard this word permissibly used before, my strict parents and catholic upbringing sheltered me. "Now I am embarrassed," Betty commented, "It seems your parents have not been sharing your growing up with you". Betty asked, "Has your Mother discussed anything with you about being a women or intimate pleasures of being a girl"?

With shyness and shame, I told her that my mother did not speak to me of such things, only a dreaded curse each month. Betty sat next to me on the bed and held me in a comforting way. "I think it is time someone did, would you mind talking to me and I will tell you about yourself?"

This was the first of many intoxicating evenings of pleasure that followed. My head was so full of everything I was drinking into all my senses. My body was tingling at what I have found to be my intimate spots. Betty was a very nice woman, daughter of my parents friends who had recently graduated from College. I was not afraid or nervous as she pulling her nightgown off and asked if I would do the same. Her body was magnificent, and looked similar to mine as we were both blond and she had become accustomed to shaving down there.

She felt the best idea was just to show me what she does and I would learn as I copied her. As we lay on pillows propping us up to view the rest of ourselves she started to feel her breasts commenting for me to find places on my body that made me feel good and showing me what made her feel good.

I did like cupping my small breasts, but never thought of caressing my hand up and squeezing my nipple. God that felt good. Without being cold, my nipple became tight and firm.

As her right hand slide down her stomach, she stopped to make circular motions below her belly button as her back ached, her other hand squeeze firmly on her breast sliding up to pinch her nipples hard, and her legs tensed almost shaking. I understood that feeling inside when I did the same.

Following behind her motions, she mentioned how nice and soft her lips of her kitty where. When I found my softness, I was wet there; I thought I was peeing without control, but inside myself. In a very shy voice, I mentioned this to Betty; she even smiled in a very kind way of encouraging me to ask anything, as she explained it was a very normal feeling because it was my feminine reaction to being sexually excited. She said these fluids from excitement are like those when kissing another and can be shared. Her hand went further between her spreading legs almost reaching, and then she brought her hand up to her mouth with pointed finger. These fluids of excitement have the sensual smell of us, the taste is exciting also, as she slide her finger between her kissing lips and seemed to suck her taste while withdrawing her finger from her mouth there was not a popping sound, just a smile as she looked into my eyes with assurance that all was fine.

She returned her hand to her kitty, explaining for me to softly rub around my lips, and that the swelling was good also. As I continue to lightly rub my lips, they parted; the feeling seemed to invite my fingers into myself. I started to feel a stronger sensitivity at the top of my lips; I had never directly wanted to touch before because of that. This time is bravely slid my finger out of myself and lightly dragged it up to that spot so carefully. As I touched my tender point, I immediately felt it sent a very nice feeling deeper inside me there, I felt my toes start to curl without me knowingly doing so.

Betty noticed my progress and toes; with an approval in her smile, she tenderly shared her poetic words I will always know, "You are feeling the heart of your soul where your passion and feelings will take you deeper inside yourself than any other pleasant experience you will have in your life". Changing her voice tone, this pearl is your clitoris, which is protected by a hood, each girls is a bit different lengths of cover, size of their button, your hood is short than mine. She raised herself and swung around, comfortably exposing all her blossoming Rose petals with legs spread. It was the first time I had ever seen any one; I had not even looked at myself this closely. Yes, Betty's spot was not covering her as much as mine, after feeling mine and looking into her. I had never considered another girl attracting me as her kitty was. I became more excited with wetness, not realizing my deeper motion around my button. Betty put her hand on her tummy and pulled up as her large button became uncovered to me she started to lightly tap directly on top with the other hand, her head rolled back looking at the ceiling she started to singing in a soft cry, I now know is ecstasy. I kept rolling my finger, now two around my button. Yet, after seeing her delight I pulled back my hood, without patients for tapping, I just rubbed myself where I had once avoided a spot of sensitivity. 

My heart was excited too, as my breathing became heavier. I did not have to ask of this as Betty chest was showing that she was breathing similar to me. With instructions while showing, she proceeded to bring herself near total pleasure. I was more mesmerized at watching her than the thrill I could have been experiencing.

She must have sensed this as when she stopped, and told me to keep rubbing myself between my legs, around my "button". She moved back to laying next to me, skin to skin. As I did, my shaking and rocking while rubbing, I had slid down from the propped pillows and was looking up at her eyes, as she looked back into mine with kindness from her words of reassurance calming me with confidence.

My contact with her eyes became obscured by her breast, it was then that I noticed how firm her nipples were and she had lost contact with my eyes. Sliding her arm under my head to my shoulder to comfort me she brought me closer to cuddle against her warm and soft skin. My head was against her breast, my mouth close to her nipple. I had such a desire and continued with that thought as I moved just a bit to slip her nipple into my mouth as I began sucking. I felt her hand sliding under my chin to cup her breast. In a milking motion of her hand, her other arm around my shoulder supporting my suckling, I heard her soothing words that I was about to have a feeling come over me as I had never felt before, for me to let it slowly build until I could not hold any more of it inside of myself. For me to use my strength to let the pleasure keep building and I should holding on to that feeling as long as I could. That I was safe with me in her arms, not to be scared, afraid or embarrassed. When I opened myself to her, let everything inside my heart and body out with all the beauty I have ever felt, it would be my soul coming forth.

In an encouraging way, I became more excited as I rubbed my button faster, when I heard Betty assure me that she would soon show her soul to me. I then heard her say a forbidden word, that secretly sounded like something so prevented from my hearing I wanted to know more of it. Betty said "Mary after you climax, I will masturbate for you and open all of myself for you to see", because everyone masturbates and I should not be ashamed or embarrassed of my private pleasure of being a woman.

It must have been that innate closeness to a woman that allowed me to become very wrapped into my own being. I was simply lost in a new pleasure with comfort surrounding me. I had no idea how much time of this wonderful feeling she helped me to hang onto with her words. When I could not stand any further of the excitement I had never experienced before overfilling all my senses and body in a huge exhale that lasted an eternity, I looked into Betty's eyes as she held me with my mouth unlatching from her nipple, I let out first orgasm.

After the earthquake in my body subsided, the stars around my eyes in my head slowed as my vision to Betty's eye's returned, and my breathing became a controlled panting. I was some place between here and there I had never been, but could not wait to return to again.

I focused on Betty, who had become so excite with me, that she was wrapped in her own self-pleasure. Seeing my conscious state, while running in breathless words her encouragement to me, she had encouraged herself and was waiting for me return so she could do as she promised me. At that point, her body became shaking and rigid, her eyes became glazed, with what I now know is ultimate pleasure, as she looked deeply into mine. I could almost see inside of her as she released herself before me. So beautiful she was as I took in all of her singing cries, her breathing short to halting and panting, her body withering in what I had felt to be ecstasy. She had done as I; she opened her soul to me. I will never forget and look back on with kindness and fondness of a wonderful person showing me the pleasures of being a woman.

To this day, I will sometimes lie down and recall that wonderful experience and the many that followed with Betty and the beautiful relationships I have enjoyed since. I will relax, recall and enjoy the gift that had been so kindly given to me.