 I was born in a Mennonite community in upstate New York. If you have ever visited and been a part of a community of this type, you would understand and even sympathize with the naivety that I once suffered from. All sorts of rules and regulations governed our lives and purity was the most important thing for young girls like me to always uphold. I had never worn pants, cut my hair shorter than my lower back or had my ears pierced. I once got hold of a teen magazine when I was in middle school and saw a picture of this gorgeous girl with seven piercings in each ear. I was in awe when I saw this. I was surprised at myself because it even started to arouse me the more I stared at her picture. I had been told my entire life that it was most improper for me to have these feelings ... especially at the sight of another girl. But it felt so good I wanted more of it. I wanted my ears pierced. The more I thought about it, the more the desire grew inside me. I ripped out the picture from the magazine and stared at it every night so I could feel that same warm, tingling sensation between my legs. I would lie in bed at night and think about how sexy I would look with tiny diamond studs or tassels that dangled down to my bare shoulders. 

When I turned eighteen, I just couldn't stand it anymore. I had to leave and I had to have it done. I packed the only things I felt I would need and snuck out in the middle of the night. I had taken $100 from my father's dresser drawer and walked seven miles to a bus stop outside of the community. It was a 4-hour ride to New York City and the whole time I thought about what it would be like to finally have my ultimate fantasy come true. 

It was morning when I arrived in the city. I felt so silly and little in such a big city that I knew nothing about. I found a convenience store and bought a muffin and milk. I asked to clerk where I could find a piercing studio and he kindly told me I would find one two blocks over. So, I ate my muffin and drank my milk on the way over. I was so nervous! I had never done anything like this in my life, but I had never wanted anything more. When I found the studio I though my heart was going to explode. This is it! I kept thinking, finally. My entire body tingled as I turned the door handle and walked in. It was not at all what I had expected inside. There were cases of body jewelry everywhere; most it being stuff I didn't even know what parts of the body it was intended for. It smelled like a hospital and there were pictures of piercings I had never even imagined. I let out a little shriek when I saw a picture of a penis pierced right through the head. I cover my eyes with both hands and just stood there for a second.

"Never seen one of those before, huh?" I heard a deep female voice say and two strong, but gentle hands pulled mine away from my eyes. When I saw the woman standing in front of my I almost collapsed. She was the most stunning, beautiful, sexy person I had ever seen in my life. Her almost bleach blonde hair was cut in a wispy pixie cut and spiked in the back. I could see every part of her body through her skintight clothes; her breasts were almost bursting from the half-unbuttoned blouse she wore. I could tell her wasn't wearing a bar underneath because her hard, round nipple made irresistible bumps on the outside of the blouse. Her skirt was shorter than any I had seen before and the smooth, tan skin on her thighs glowed lustfully. I then noticed all the her piercings. I couldn't count the ones in her ears and looking more closely at her teasing nipples protruding, I noticed that they, too, must be pierced. My body was shaking from what I was feeling. My pussy burned and I could feel my underwear beginning to become overwhelming moist.

"You okay, hun?" I must have staring at her for a while because she looked quite amused. 

"Um...yea. I'm fine," I managed to squeak out.

"Well, then, what can I do for you?" she said.

"I guess I'd just like my ear pierced, please?"

"Sure sweetie. Come in here with me." I followed her into the room where she did her piercings. I wanted to talk to her but didn't know what to say.

"So, how many piercings do you have?" I mumbled.

"Lots," she said. "Some you can't even see right now." As she said this, a playful smile crept across her face. Her mouth was soft and pouty, her lips wet and sexy. "Wanna see?"

"Ummm...sure. I guess." As I said this, she was already beginning to unbutton the rest of her shirt. When I first saw the curve of her breasts, my body became really warm. I was tingling all over. The more buttons she touched, the hotter I got. She wasn't wearing a bra and now I could see her full, naked tits. In each nipple she had small barbells, each ball resting on either side of her nipples. I was floored. I had never been so aroused in my life. 

"Did those hurt?" I asked naively. 

"Actually," she said, "I find piercings to be very erotic and pleasurable. Would you like to see the one that really got me off?"

"Oh, I don't," I said. I was a little nervous, but I didn't want her to stop. She grabbed my hands and held them to her bare chest. "Don't be scared, baby."

She dropped my hands and then slowly pushed down her skirt. She sat back in the chair behind her and spread open her legs. Her pussy was completely smooth and I could see every little pick part of it. A small ring was through her clit which was hard and throbbing. I could see her pussy glistening and dripping wet and became very aware of how wet I had become.

I accidentally let out a little moan. "ohhhhhh."

"You like that?" she said. I knew what she was thinking and I wanted it more than anything. "You want me to do the same for you?" I shook my head feverently. She came over to, completely naked and with every step she got closer the more I wanted her. I stood up and she reached around and unzipped my dress. As she pulled it off my shoulders, she kissed and bit them gently. My dress fell to the floor and I was standing in front of her in only my underwear. She took my bra off and then pulled down my underwear. As she did this my cunt dripped down my leg.

"Sit on the table," she said. After I did, she licked inside my thigh where I had dripped.

"You're a virgin. Virgin pussy always tastes so sweet." As soon as she said this, she thrusted her entire mouth into my cunt and sucked on my clit. I screamed out in pleasure. I had never felt anything so amazing.

"I think you're ready, cutie." She took out a needle and a captivated bead ring. She pulled my legs even further apart and sat down in front of me. She grasped my clit with forceps and a wave of intense pleasure flooded my body. 

"Take a deep breath and get ready," she said.

I watched her grab the needle and put it next to my clit. I thought my body was going to explode. I was shaking with pleasure and anticipation and I felt like a bomb.

She pushed to needle through and as soon as she did I erupted in orgasm. My pussy flooded and I moaned loudly. She then slipped the ring through and I look down at my lovely new piercing.

"Thanks," I almost whispered. I was tired, but felt more satisfied than I ever had in my life. This is what I had been waiting for.

"Good," she said, then turned around, picked up her clothes and went into a back room. I put my clothes back on and left the shop. Needless to say, I had never gotten my ears pierced, so I was allowed back into my community after many apologies. But I brought back a dirty little secret that keeps me cumming every night.