 I was very nervous as I drove to town, Bruce had emailed me with the itinerary for this day we have been planning, it was a bit overwhelming to say the least. Lunch, shopping, and spa before checking into our downtown hotel for the night. 

I fidgeted and fretted all morning, dressing, picking out stuff to wear, what to take. I was intent on showing him the very erotic side of me so I finally picked a crisp white blouse matched to a short black skirt and a black satin jacket that showed my best assets. It was tailored and cut just to the waist with open lapels and one button down nice and low. I had on a chunky costume pearl necklace that followed the curve of my cleavage matched with a nice wide loose bangle of the same pearls. 

I felt sexy and was swollen and just a little wet thinking of how this would all unfold. My lace thong was nice and tight against my pussy teasing me as I drove. I had decided to leave my legs naked, and was wearing the stilettos that he had sent me for our first little tryst a few months before. He was waiting for me as I pulled to his restaurant pick. 

He was wearing a very nice suit of dark blue; it really looked great with his silver hair. It was so nice to see him again. The smile on his face as I pulled myself up onto my heels was so inviting, and generous. I peeked his cheek as I didn't want to ruin my lips just yet, I fully planned on staining his cock with my red lipstick later. 

Lunch was fantastic, talking, teasing and caressing as we carefully ate slowly to make the day last. I knew he had to duck back to work after he got me to my spa appointment but first was a little shopping trip. 

We took a taxi to a very nice old home in the inner city, I must have looked dubious as we pulled up the address but his confident hand pulled me out of the taxi and we headed up a large staircase and into the foyer of this fantastic house. 

A very gorgeous women dressed in the tightest golden corset met us there, gave Bruce a passionate kiss on the lips. She seductively looked me over and smiled to Bruce then took my arm and showed me around the racks of lingerie. 

Our heels clicked on the marble floors, I was in heaven as Stephanie showed me satin, silk, leather, vinyl in every garment imaginable. She had a special room of her own designs, all corsets that were fantastic. There were shelves lined with shoes and racks of hose. Tight fitting skirts and blouses rounded out the clothing end of her store. 

The sex toys drove me mad trying to pick, Stephanie patiently explained all the best things about a great dildo or vibrator, Bruce just sat and took it all in, I was free to pick whatever I wanted, Stephanie first picked out a black satin corset and helped me fit it to my body in her sitting room. 

The room was spacious and pretty, she smoothed the garment around my naked torso lingering on my breasts fitting them into the cups with a very delicate and erotic touch, my nipples exploded against the fabric, she smiled and kissed my cheek. The corset matched my skirt perfectly. She took me by the arm and I was then paraded before Bruce. He clapped his approval and we put it on the tab. 

Next came hose and shoes, garters, bras and thongs, Stephanie picked out a gorgeous satin robe for me that matched the corset perfectly. I was completely unsure when she took me to the vibrators. I left it to her to pick so she got me her favorites. One very nice thick long vibrating cock as well as a small g-spot vibe was added to my growing pile. Bruce paid up and left me there with Stephanie as he had to run back to the office. 

This was my spa date as well so I was to be here for the rest of the afternoon. Stephanie explained I would be able to have what ever I desired, cocking a wicked smile my direction. I asked for a massage, manicure, waxing and make-up. I was shown to a glamorous room on the second floor of the big house amongst the bustle and hum of estheticians and masseuses. Stephanie showed me the closets were I could arrange my things; a small woman arrived with a floor length satin robe for me to change into. Stephanie put my new purchases on the table and helped me out of my corset and skirt and wrapping me in a flowing robe of shimmering satin. She hugged me and said that I should take a few minutes to settle before my massage. 

I reclined and sipped green tea closed my eyes and dreamed of Bruce kissing me and taking me to my erotic heaven. Shortly I was summoned and off for a great massage with lavish oils and soft lights and music to fall into a deep relaxing state. The small women's soft warm hands caressed all my curves working oil into my naked frame. She took time on my tight shoulders and stroked me with loving caresses while the music softly dropped my inhibitions as the massage continued. 

I began to wish that her mouth would graze my nipples or drop to my clit. I closed my eyes tightly as she rolled me onto my back and began to massage around my breasts, caressing my chest with warm oil. Her nails dragged across the tops of my breasts producing the most provocative feelings. She worked her way down my tummy and slid her slick hands down my thighs, her breasts fell against mine as she pushed her strong grip down to my knees and back to my pussy. Her breasts continued to press against me and my nipples were tall and erect as she worked my upper thighs. 

She was warm and soft and her body against mine made my pussy fall open. Her satin camisole showed her erect nipples plainly as she moved down my legs working my ankles and pressing into the soles of my feet. I rose to my elbows and looked her straight in the eyes; she held my piercing look and ran both of her hands up my legs to my knees with the most gracious smile on her face. She very slowly began to open my legs my desire to feel a tongue on my cunt overcame my fright of having a women please me so I slid my fingers down my oiled stomach to pry open my swollen lips. 

She stripped her body as I massaged my oiled pussy and when I opened my eyes she was straddling me pulling on my horny nipples. I stroked her silky legs and enjoyed the sensations racing to my clit at her ministrations to my tits. Her wet cunt was sliding on my thigh as she slowly moved down my body stroking her clit down my oiled leg as she descended to my swollen pussy. 

Finally her hot mouth sucked in my hard clit and her firm grip was on my ass as she dove into my slick slit. I fell back flat on my back and lifted my oiled legs into the air and opened them to her eager tongue, she took me to the edge of orgasm in seconds her sharp tongue darted all over my erect clit and swollen lips. 

She backed off and came to my mouth and inhaled my eager tongue as her fingers probed my pulsing pussy, my juices flowed as she worked my depths with her fingers stroking deep into my g-spot while her tongue searches my wet mouth. 

I shuddered as she races her lips to drink in my flowing orgasm that is erupting from my swollen pussy. She licked and kissed me back to earth as her strong fingers stroked my tummy she took my face in her hands and kissed me passionately staring deep into my eyes our smiles spoke volumes about what we had experienced together.

I tenderly kissed her back as she stood me up and wrapped me in my satin robe. We took our time as she escorted me back to my room. 

Stephanie greeted us at my door and smiled, knowing she took my hand and excused the masseuse. We held onto each others hands as the small elegant masseuse slowly wandered off down the hall with her erect nipples being teased by her satin camisole. I smiled to myself, I had turned her on to my body, Stephanie guided me into the room and settled me onto the settee. 

I was so fucking horny that I settled back into the cushions and let the robe fall from my breasts and hips. My fingers traveled down my oiled body stroking my breasts and swirling my nipples as I enjoyed the sensations racing to my moist pussy. I finally dove into my hot cunt with my long fingers and fucked my pussy lifting one leg high into the air as I pulled a small orgasm from my body. 

She stood watching my lust and held my foot in her hand as the orgasm flooded my fingers. She coached me through this little scene as I screamed out fucking my cunt hard and fast. She bent to my ear kissing my lobe as my quivering body slowed to normal. She told me how incredible I was and that one day she would make love to my pussy and would love to taste my orgasm, her hot breath on my neck made my nipples rigid. 

She had to get me ready for next technician; she blindfolded me and stripped the satin robe from my arms as I lay back into the settee I heard the door open. Stephanie spoke quietly to my esthetician and I heard her hung and kiss whoever it was then the door closed. 

I was breathing hard and very aroused as warm wax flooded my naked thighs. It was applied and removed by expert hands. I tried for some conversation but was getting nowhere. Strong masculine hands pulled my wrists and I was bound to the settee, he kissed my neck and somehow he felt familiar somehow. I gasped as he opened my legs, my ankle was rested on the back of the settee and I just dropped the other to the floor. 

Soft smooth hot bubbly cream was spread over my swollen pussy with a soft brush, he intentionally pressed the brush against my hanging clit and swirled it around making my breathing increase and my legs spread just a little farther apart. I was under his spell as he slid the sharp razor over my curving cunt. Reapplying the warm soft cream felt so exquisite before he carefully shaved me squeaky clean from my navel to my ass. 

He finally untied my hands, I dove to the clean slippery surface exploring the new sensations my bald cunt sent through my loins. Hot oil began to fall onto my fingers as I explored the smooth textures of my groin. I massaged the oil into my folds exploring my pussy. I was close to having another orgasm when the mask was removed to reveal Bruce dripping oil over his hard cock inches from my mouth. 

He slowly stroked his big cock right against my shiny lips as I fucked my aching pussy wishing he would slide that gorgeous cock deep into my pussy. He had other ideas though, he wanted to make sure that my pussy was done right and would have to inspect it with his tongue. I opened my legs to him and held his firm face between my hands directing him right to my hanging clit. 

He took it forcefully into his mouth sucking it and slurping up my cum, I cried out as he worked up and down my slit with the hard tip of his tongue spreading the oil up and down my pussy. I was thrashing on the settee as he worked his magic on my aching cunt, cum slowly releasing into his mouth as I flowed from the constant teasing that I was enduring. 

He stood and slammed his hard cock deep into my slippery wet pussy. I cam hard as he hit the back of my cunt with his bulging purple head my juices flooded his gorgeous cock. He was ready as well, he held out his soaked cock, I grabbed at him and pushed the big head into my mouth and pulled his orgasm from his body. He pressed himself into me as the flexing orgasm pumped my mouth full of cum. I let the cum fall from my slippery lips and hit my expectant tits, the warm fluid slid down my oiled body as he cried out pumping more of his pleasure onto me. 

I slid my fingers through his cum and spread it over my erect nipples, teasing me, while he kissed me passionately as we both slid back from erotic heaven. We held each other looking deep into each others eyes. I smiled and escorted Bruce to a small bed in the corner of the room. We fell into a happy nap entwined into each other bodies carefree and dreaming of the night to come.