 I was a varsity cheerleader in high school. In fact I was the captain of the cheer squad and my best friend at the time was also on the team. Lanie and I had been best buds since we met in junior high school and now here we were, both of us just turned 18 and in our senior year. Physically we were opposites, me being taller and blonde with bigger boobs while Lanie was a petite brunette with perky B cups and nipples that stayed hard most of the time. Yes, we'd seen each other naked many times. All those stories you heard about cheerleaders running around nude together at cheer camp? They were all true. 

It was in late November that Lanie's parents left on a week long cruise to celebrate their anniversary. School had just let out for winter break and there were no worries about leaving Lanie home alone since we were both good kids that stayed out of trouble, at least most of the time. We planned for me to stay there with her for a few days, and since my parents both worked they were cool with it too. I arrived at Lanie's in time to say goodbye to her parents and see them off. As they drove away we looked at each other and both of us smiled at the same time, jumped into the air and gave a "woo-hoo!", then grabbed my stuff and carried it into the house. 

Now I was in love with her house. It was huge compared to mine and had the most gorgeous back yard. There was a huge patio that led down to the inground pool and beyond that was a long expanse of green lawn. Next to the pool was an outdoor hot tub and several lounge chairs for basking in the sun. The best thing was that the entire back yard was enclosed by a high fence that insured privacy from any neighbor's prying eyes. 

After we carried my stuff up to her room Lanie and I decided to catch the afternoon rays to try to keep what we could of our summer tans. We'd spent a lot of time around the pool and at the beach over the summer and we were both wanting to maintain our golden tans as long as we could. I dug my blue bikini out of my bag while she fetched hers from the dresser and we quickly shed our jeans and t-shirts and slipped into them. She wore a white bikini that showed off her tan very nicely but was one she couldn't wear at the beach, or at least couldn't get wet at the beach because when she did it was all but transparent. We were home alone now though...

We made our way out to the patio, stopping at the outside bar to grab a couple of beers from the refrigerator. We lay back on our loungers, drinking and feeling like we were the goddesses of all creation. After an hour or so and two more beers apiece I was getting a nice buzz and from what I could tell so was Lanie. The combination of the sun and the alcohol was making me sweat so I decided to jump in the pool to cool off. The water was wonderful though it was a little cool, the last of the summer heat having faded away. Lanie jumped in behind me and we fooled around for a while, splashing each other and getting used to the chill. I noticed her staring at me but didn't think much of it at the time. 

After a few minutes we'd both had enough of the cool water, so we climbed out of the pool and plopped ourselves in the hot tub. She turned on the jets and we settled back with a sigh, loving the feeling of the warm water caressing our bodies. As I lay back I could see Lanie's breasts above the water line and sure enough her top was seethru and her nipples were standing proud, poking right through the thin material. Her eyes were closed and she had a smile on her face that I thought was from the beer, at least until I noticed that she had her body at kind of an odd angle. Her hips were turned toward one of the side jets and it took me a minute to figure out that she was letting the water rush over her pussy. My best friend was being masturbated right in front of me! 

Now I'm not one to be afraid of a new experience so I reached down and angled the jet next to me in the right direction, then swiveled my hips toward it. When the hot rushing water hit my pussy I was amazed. It felt like I was being tickled and licked at the same time! I let out a moan and Lanie giggled a little. "Good, isn't it?" she asked me and I had to agree. "I figured this out a while back and I love it." I was loving it, that's for sure. It had been a few days since I last rubbed one out and I was feeling pretty horny before the water hit my clit, now I was working my way toward a very nice orgasm. I started thinking that if it felt this good through my bottoms then it would be much better without them, so I slipped them off and untied my top, dropping them outside on the ground. Lanie saw me and followed suit, quickly stripping off her bikini too. We moved back into the positions we were in before and when the water hit my bare pussy I gasped out loud. It felt so fucking good!! With my arms along the rim and my body floating freely in the rushing water it felt like heaven and I knew it wouldn't be long until I came hard. 

As our excitement built I watched Lanie and she watched me. Her eyes were glazed with lust and she was breathing hard, her tits bobbing in and out of the water and I thought I'd never seen anything sexier in my life. I found out I was wrong a few moments later when she came. Hard. She cried out, her body jerking and her face contorted with pleasure and it drove me right over the edge. I started cumming at the same time and my moans mixed with hers as we stared at each other, relishing our pleasures together. We'd done a lot of things together but this was a first for both of us. 

As the last waves of pleasure faded we both let go of the sides of the hot tub and just floated together and held each other. We started kissing, our naked bodies wrapped around each other and our hands sliding over smooth skin, exploring one another for the first time. I put my hands beneath her and lifted her until her breasts were exposed and said "I've always wanted to do this." I leaned forward and took one of her stiff nipples into my mouth and started gently sucking. She moaned out loud and held my head to her breast, encouraging me as she played with mine, squeezing softly and pinching my nipples, sending little shocks straight to my clit. I slid one hand farther down and cupped her bare pussy while I nuzzled her. My finger slid right inside her and she pushed against my hand, moaning into my ear. I felt her hand on me as well and soon we were locked in a tight embrace, kissing deeply as we finger fucked each other, each of us trying to make the other cum first. It was a tie. We both cried out together as we came, bucking our hips and probing as deep as we could with our fingers. 

I think we were both a little shocked at first but there was something so right, so natural about it that there was no embarrassment in either of us. Lanie stood up and took me by the hand, leading me out of the tub and over to where the towels were kept. We dried each other off, stopping to kiss along the way, then she led me into the house and up the stairs. I wasn't sure what was going to happen next but I was feeling so good and relaxed that I was open for anything. 

Instead of going into her room she led me to the master bedroom her parents used and opened the curtains, letting in the last of the afternoon sunlight. She lay me down on the huge bed and parted my legs, moving between them. "I've wanted to do this for the longest time," she purred as she lay down and slipped her tongue into my waiting pussy. The feeling was incredible! I'd never been licked that way before and I was in love immediately. I lay back helpless as Lanie ate my pussy, my hands in her hair as I held her while I rocked my hips up to meet her probing tongue. As my pleasure climbed I knew what I wanted to do, so I gently pushed her back and turned around. She responded by climbing on top of me and lowering her wet pussy to my waiting mouth and plunging her tongue back into mine. As my lips found her stiff clit and started gently sucking I knew that I'd found what was missing from my life. The mix of feelings I had was amazing. The taste of her was delicious, the feeling of her licking me was incredible and the sheer naughtiness of what we were doing was enough to make both of us cum, gasping and moaning as we licked and loved each other.

We rolled apart and sat up and I loved the look on Lanie's face. She had the most beautiful smile on lips that were wet with my juices and I couldn't resist kissing her again. As our tongues danced together we tasted ourselves for the first time and all it did was make me even hotter. I could tell it was the same for her too. Breaking the kiss she bounced up out of the bed and went to the dresser that was standing in the corner. I couldn't see what she was getting until she turned around but my eyes opened wide when I saw what she had in her hands. In one was a tube of KY and in the other was what looked like a big pink cock with some kind of leather straps attached to it. I looked questioningly at her and she laughed and just told me to watch. "I found this last month," she said, "and I've been wanting to try it with you but I was afraid of what you might think." I watched intently as she slipped the leather straps around her hips and buckled them in place. I figured it out pretty quickly when she turned around and standing out from her pretty pussy was an 8 inch cock! 

"Lie down," she said, and I wasted no time getting comfortable and spreading my legs for her. Lanie moved between them and proceeded to lube her big pink cock with the KY. My heart was pounding as she climbed on top of me and placed the tip of her cock against my eager pussy and began probing gently. The combination of the lube and my own excitement meant there was no resistance as Lanie slid the entire length deep inside me. I gasped out loud as she hit bottom. I'd been fucked before but I'd never felt so full! Lanie started slowly, fucking me in and out with deep strokes as I wrapped my legs around her gorgeous ass. My hands went to her breasts and pulled her closer so I could reach to suck her stiff nipples as she fucked me, and I used my legs to urge her to go faster, deeper, wanting her to pound me, fuck me, give it to me hard! Lanie understood immediately and started slamming me for all she was worth, driving that big fucking cock in and out of me. I flopped backwards and started humping my hips up at her, fucking back as she reamed my burning pussy until I couldn't take any more and burst into the biggest orgasm of my life. My thoughts were everywhere as I came, amazed at what we were doing and how fucking wonderful it was to be screwed well by my best friend. I screamed and grabbed her, holding her close as my body bucked against her cock. At last she slowed, then stopped and we held each other, her big dick still buried inside me as I tried to catch my breath. "That was awesome!" I blurted and she laughed softly, sliding out of me and sitting back, her big pink dick sticking up in front of her.

After I was breathing normally again I watched as she unbuckled the straps and slipped the dildo off. I reached for it and she seemed surprised but pleased as she helped me put it on. "Now it's your turn," I said, and she responded by turning around on her hands and knees and wiggling her beautiful ass at me in invitation. I leaned down and licked her dripping pussy for a moment, making her moan, then moved up behind her and slowly slipped the big cock into her. I took hold of her hips and watched enraptured as what was now My cock slid all the way into my best friend's pussy. She threw her head back and groaned as I pushed all the way inside her. I couldn't believe how incredible she looked like that, stretched out with her back arched as I started fucking her. Lanie immediately started pushing back against me, driving her pussy down over the length of my cock and moaning loudly as I fucked her. I held her hips tight and gave her every inch, fucking in and out and she met every stroke, urging me to drive it harder, deeper inside her. I had a nasty thought as I watched her fucking back against me so I wet my finger and gently slipped in into her little puckered ass. She went nuts! Lanie started cumming like a crazy woman as I reamed her pussy with my cock and fucked her ass with my finger. Her whole body went stiff as she screamed out her pleasure, then she just collapsed on the bed, shaking uncontrollably. Slowly I slipped out of her and lay down beside her, my hand making soft circles on her back as I cooed in her ear. She turned to me with tears in her eyes and kissed me softly.

We lay back afterwards and held each other, talking about what had happened and how much we both enjoyed it. There was no awkwardness at all, it just felt right. As we smiled at each other we both knew that we were going to enjoy her parents' vacation even more than they were....