 As always, my physical description is in the first paragraph of "I Thought She Was Straight".

I had never tried, or been particularly interested in, threesomes until last fall. Actually, I'm still not particularly interested in threesomes, but it's probably one of those things you should try just to see what it's like and then write off to experience, and if you like it then great. The good thing about threesomes is that sometimes there's twice the pleasure, but the bad thing is that sometimes someone will be left out. In one on one encounters, I like how you're both totally focused on each other and you're each other's world at the moment. It's like your goal in life to make her feel good, and her goal in life to make you feel good. Or his, whatever.

When I was a junior in high school, or maybe a sophomore but I think a junior, the girl's varsity soccer team's coach had a girlfriend. She was tall, blonde, and had blue eyes. She was very slender and someone on the soccer team once told me that their coach complained that people often asked him if she was a stripper. I have no idea if she was or not, but I wouldn't be surprised. The first time I actually saw her was that year as I was walking down a hallway with a friend. She was walking towards me and I noticed she was staring me down, like she wanted to kill me. I avoided her eyes, wondering what I did wrong because I'd never seen her before in my life. After she passed by, my friend even said, "Is it just me or did she just totally give you the evil eye?" Later on, a girl on the soccer team said that that was her normal facial expression. 

I didn't see her again until I was a senior and working on a school play. It was a very big event, with a gala night and everything. They had people volunteer to be waiters and waitresses for the gala night and surprise! The soccer coach and his girlfriend had apparently volunteered. I didn't notice her until I saw her staring over her shoulder at me. I had to concentrate on what I was doing though, so I ignored her. I saw her again later at a soccer game. I was talking to a group of friends and behind one of my friends I saw her sitting, watching the game. Or actually, watching me. I again avoided her eyes. She really intimidated me. She's not the kind of girl that looks at you, then looks away, then looks back. She just looks at you. And doesn't stop. And she has this look on her face like she's going to rip you apart. She's an intense person.

There was another girl I was attracted to at this time. She actually played soccer, but wasn't involved with the school's soccer team, and therefore the coach's girlfriend, in any way. She was friends with one of the teachers and so she came to stuff like basketball games where her friend was the coach. I'd see her around sometimes, and she'd always look at me but at first I thought that she thought I was a guy so I ignored her. When I realized that there was no way that she could think I was a guy, I started looking at her too but by that time she was usually involved with playing soccer so she hardly ever looked back. She was also tall and thin, except she had black hair and eyes, and darker skin. She had absolutely no body fat, except where she needed it so people didn't mistake her for a man. I don't really go for that kind of body type, but her face was really pretty. A girl's face is so much more important than her body. 

One day I was watching the basketball team lose another game, when I saw the brunette helping her friend keep score. We made eye contact for a while, and the two friends I was watching with had to go. I sat there by myself for a while, feeling like a complete loser, when she started walking over towards me and sat down next to me. 

She said, "Hi. I'm Natalie."

"I'm Michelle." We shook hands and I could feel an electric spark between us. Her hand was so soft and I never wanted to let go. We held each other's hand for a split second longer than necessary, then I said, "I see you around here a lot. What are you doing here?" It came out harsher than I intended, but she didn't seem to take offense and said, "Ms. Perez asks me to help her out sometimes with keeping score, but today one of her students volunteered to help. I don't blame him, she's really pretty."

She looked at me to see my reaction, and I said, "Yeah she is. A lot of guys fantasize about her...and some girls too."

She laughed and said, "I bet you're one of those girls aren't you?"

I had actually never thought of Ms. Perez in that way before, and I said truthfully, "No, I have other girls to fantasize about."

She arched her eyebrow. "Yeah? Like who?" She knew exactly where this was going.

I grinned at her and said, "I'm not telling you!"

"Why don't we go outside and find somewhere private so you can tell me? Then nobody will overhear you," she said, as if somebody overhearing me was what I was worried about.

I suggested we go to the playground, which is next to the soccer field. We left the bright lights and noise of the gym and sat on the swings, rocking back and forth gently and looking at the stars. She said, "So are you ever gonna tell me?"

I felt my face heat up. "I think you know."

"No I don't, tell me."

"Welllll...she has long, straight, black hair...really dark eyes...she helps Ms. Perez keep score at basketball games..."

She smiled triumphantly. "I thought so. Want to know who I'm fantasizing about right now?"

I said, "Sure." 

She said, "She has short hair...and she's swinging on the swings next to me right now." 

"Oh." What was I supposed to say? 'Ooh baby, I want you too, let's get it on'? This is not porn.

She solved my little dilemma by getting up, standing in front of me, and leaning down and kissing me. She held onto the swing with both hands and her tongue slipped into my mouth. My hands went to her hips and pulled her in closer. She managed to straddle my lap without falling off while I still sat on the swing, and our kiss got deeper and more passionate. That's the best kind of kiss, when you can feel your body getting hotter and your panties start getting wet and your whole world is their mouth and body.

Her hands caressed my face and hair, rubbing my shoulders occasionally. We made little noises into each other's mouths and my hands moved down to massage her ass. I slid one hand under her shirt and bra up her stomach, feeling her breast directly against my hand. I squeezed lightly and rubbed my thumb over her quickly hardening nipple. Her body jerked when I touched her nipple and she moaned into my mouth. I bit her bottom lip as I pressed her nipple into her breast, then rolled it between two fingers.

We both heard the crunching gravel at the same time. She jerked again, but this time in surprise. She almost fell off my lap. I looked up and saw the blonde girl who was going out with the soccer coach. She must have been at the middle school soccer game that had been going on earlier. Anyway, she was standing directly in front of us and nobody moved.

Natalie was the first to say something. "Oh shit."

The blonde girl, whose name I found out later was Liz, looked at me and said, "So you are a lesbian then. Good. I was starting to think my gaydar had gone bad."

I didn't know what to say, so I said, "No it's still good."

Liz said, "Good" then hesitated. "So would you mind if I joined you guys?"

I was thinking this was crazy. I came here expecting to spend my evening watching a basketball game, then I ended up making out with one girl I never met and then having another girl I never met straight out ask me if she could join. This had only happened to me at a party once and it was with a guy and a girl, when we were all drunk off our asses.

Natalie seemed to have recovered and she said, "I wouldn't mind, would you Michelle?"

I said that I wouldn't, but I told them I wasn't sure if I'd like it or not.

Liz said, "I'll make sure you like it. Let's go to the locker room so we can have some privacy, let me go tell Jordan not to wait up for me."

Natalie and I went to the locker room to wait for Liz. At this time of night, nobody came into this particular locker room so we had the place to ourselves. We warmed ourselves up for Liz, making out until she got there. When Liz came in, she found Natalie lying on top of me on the floor. I saw her stand and watch us for a few minutes, then she said, "Let's take off our clothes."

We all did that and I remember feeling fat next to these two girls. They seemed to like what they saw because they both came over to me. Liz stood in front of me and kissed me deeply, holding me close to her. Natalie came up behind me and kissed my neck, putting her arms around both of us and pressed herself against me. This was something I'd never really experienced before, two people kissing me at once. It felt amazing, actually. I'd do it again if I knew that I wouldn't be left out.

What I'm going to describe is partially what I know what happened, and partially what I've figured out must have happened. I didn't see everything that they did to each other, but I can figure it out. I think Liz started massaging Natalie's ass, and Natalie moaned into my neck and rubbed the inside of my thighs from behind. I moaned into Liz's mouth and pushed my hips forward into Liz's hips, causing our pussies to press against each other. Both of us were shaved, and it felt so smooth when our pussies rubbed against each other until I felt something hard and cold. I didn't have time to wonder what it was because at that moment, Natalie got on her knees and started rimming me. This always totally blows my mind. You feel so much pleasure, but you can't come from it. I moaned loudly into Liz's mouth and she took my breasts in her hands and massaged them, then sucked on one nipple while she pinched the other. This was a sensory overload for me and I actually came right then, without stimulation to my pussy. 

The other two girls seemed to take my orgasm in stride and Liz moved lower so that she was kneeling in front of me. She licked my slit from back to front, then went to the back and Natalie and Liz sort of licked each other's tongues while their tongues brushed against the spot between my pussy and asshole. Natalie pulled my cheeks apart again and went back to rimming me, while Liz started rapidly flicking the tip of her tongue against my clit. If I thought it felt incredible to have someone rim me while someone else was sucking my nipple, this was almost too much to handle. 

It didn't take me long to come again, and while I was coming down from my orgasm Liz kissed Natalie, sharing my juices with her. It was a pleasant contrast, one blonde girl and one brunette girl. They started fondling each other's breasts while they knelt, then Natalie stood up so her pussy was in Liz's face. Liz started eating Natalie, tonguing her hole then moving up and flicking her tongue against Natalie's clit like she did mine. I went over to Liz and laid down so my head was between her legs. Liz noticed what I was doing and lowered herself down onto my face. This was when I realized what that hard, cold thing was: Liz was pierced. I had never gone down on a girl that had a clit piercing before, so I wasn't sure if I should do the same thing or if it would hurt, or what. I could hear Natalie moaning above me, which reminded me that Liz needed some love too. I touched my tongue to the bar in her clit, playing with it and pushing it around. Liz moaned loudly into Natalie's pussy, which made Natalie moan again. 

I had an unbelievable view. Of course Liz's pussy was right in my face, but above I could see her breasts and then her face buried in Natalie's pussy. I ignored the piercing in Liz's clit and licked at it, which almost immediately made Liz come. Her thighs shook around my head and she screamed into Natalie's pussy. I licked up the remaining moisture around her thighs and pussy, then untangled myself from Liz's legs. As I was doing that, Natalie started coming, and Liz stuck a finger inside her pussy then inserted it into her asshole. This drove Natalie over the edge again, then as Natalie came back to earth she sat down on the floor and kissed Liz. I was feeling left out, but then Natalie looked at me and took me by the hand and led me closer so she could rub my clit. Natalie broke the kiss and Liz sat back, watching. I sat down next to Natalie and leaned back on my arms, and Liz reached over and played with my breasts. 

Right then, there was a knock on the door, which startled all of us. Jordan yelled, "Liz, I'm not going to wait for you forever. How long does it take to take a damn shower?"

We started giggling, which is the only time I've ever seen Liz smile or laugh. She quickly got dressed and Liz left, blowing us both a kiss. I haven't seen her since then, but soccer season is starting right now so maybe she'll be around. 

Natalie and I looked at each other, then she said, "I want to finish what I started." I sat down on the bench and she inserted one finger into my pussy. She pumped it in and out, then curled her hand so her palm rubbed against my clit. I came fairly quickly and she took out her finger, holding it up to my mouth so we could both lick it at the same time. We ended up just making out again but after a while, Natalie pulled away and said, "I better go. Rita is probably wondering where I am right now." We made ourselves presentable and went back to the gym. 

That was the last game of the season, so I haven't seen Natalie since then. I'm not going to be around for another basketball season, but hopefully she'll be involved in soccer so maybe I'll see her and Liz.