 Disclaimer: This is actually a true story, this is the first time I was ever with another girl and needless to say it changed my life lol. 

***

Back when I was 18 and experimenting with my sexuality, I was dating a boy at the time. He was nice and everything but it just felt like something from my life was missing. At that time, I had been having wet dreams about girls, their soft bodies against mine, kissing me. I would wake up panting, my pussy wet, my cheeks flushed a gentle pink colour. 

I went to a very small all girls school, and there was virtually no one to meet there. So when the guy I was dating offered to take me to a party at the local arts museum that was happening in the evening, I knew I had to go. Something within me made me believe that something special was going to happen that night. 

On the night of the party I got dressed in waist high jeans and a new crop-top that I had bought just for the occasion. I'm relatively thin. I remember looking at myself in the mirror that night thinking that I was really hot. 

I walked into the museum and saw beautiful girls everywhere. I bit my lip gently, I knew I was definitely going to have some fun that night. My boyfriend clutched my hand and I pulled away. "Let me explore okay?" I smiled at him and he let me go. 

I explored all of the artwork around me for a little while and then I went back to go find my boyfriend. He was perched on a couch with five girls surrounding him. As per usual he was impressing them with his magic tricks. I looked at the girls surrounding him. They all had short cropped hair and were unbelievably sexy. They were all so deliciously queer it made my head spin. I walked over and they all looked up at me with smirks. 

I smiled softly and waved my hand and introduced myself. They all introduced themselves, but one girl in particular caught my eye. She had short cropped red hair and light brown eyes. Her pale skin was covered in freckles and she had a curvaceous figure. The kind of figure that you wanted to kiss every inch of. 

My eyes trailed from her face to her breasts. The luscious things barely seemed to fit in her black tank top. I wanted to put them in my mouth, and squeeze them, they looked absolutely amazing. She looked at me with an eyebrow raised and motioned for me to come over. I could feel another blush creep onto my cheeks as I widened my eyes and sat next to her. 

"I'm Gray, what's your name?" The girl smiled softly and moved a little closer to me. She smelled really nice, like roses. I wanted to make out with her rights there, sit in her lap, and grind myself against her. 

"I'm Lily," I breathed out and moved myself closer so that our bodies were touching. I smiled softly. She seemed so old, so mature. I wanted her to teach me a few things. I was so lost in all of her that I didn't notice that she offered me a candy. 

"Do you want this, I can't finish it all." I nodded and opened my mouth as she placed the candy into my mouth.

"So tell me." I looked at her with wide eyes. "Hm?" 

"What are you doing here with him?" Gray asked me. When I couldn't come up with a valid answer, she took my hand and led me someplace dark. She could tell I was so horny for her. 

The room was dimly lit. We stood staring into each other's eyes for a little until she finally brought me in close and kissed me. I felt my whole body light up, it was the best experience I had ever had in my life. 

"What do you want sweet pea?" She stroked my cheek softly and I pulled her in closer for a kiss. 

"I want you to touch me." I said and gently placed her hands on my boobs. I was a little shocked at my own boldness. She slipped her hands under my crop top, under my bra, gently twisting my nipples in her hands and cupping the small mounds. Her hands were so soft and warm, they felt so right, so good there on my boobs. 

"Don't stop," I breathed out and she kissed my neck a couple of times. I clutched her head in one of my hands and the other drifted down to her curvy waist. My senses were being driven crazy. Her touch was like nothing that I had ever experienced, her smell was driving me up the wall, her lips were so soft and kissable. I was going to faint, it was all so good. 

I was brought out of my sensory overload when she ticked my stomach a little and I giggled. She smiled and unzipped my jeans. 

"Are you sure here?" I widened my eyes. 

"Why, are you afraid of getting caught?" She looked at me with a mischievous glint in her eyes. Even though I only knew her for a little bit, I still trusted her. I could tell that I could trust her. I knew doing something like this in plain sight was so wrong, but it just felt so good, I couldn't stop. I nodded for her to continue. She made eye contact with me as she moved her hand down into my jeans and started to rub me through my panties. 

"You're really wet, I bet he doesn't touch you like this hm?" She moved my panties aside and slipped her fingers into my beckoning pussy. I shook my head no and pulled her body closer. I wanted all of her. 

I moaned softly feeling myself get even wetter around her fingers that worked wonders inside of me. Her hands were so warm and welcoming, they fit perfectly inside of me. She gently touched my clit with her thumb, rubbing it in slow, agonizing circles. 

Her other hand went back to fondling my boobs, I had never had an orgasm with someone else before. I had always faked it with my boyfriend. This time though.. this time was different. There was no pressure to come, she was going to make me come. 

She took her hand out of my pussy, her fingers covered in my sticky, clear juice. She put her fingers in her mouth and smiled, "You taste like strawberries." I looked away and blushed even more. I had never had anyone taste me like that. 

"You want a taste?" She asked softly and I opened up my mouth. I sucked on her fingers delicately, I did taste like strawberries. I had never really tasted myself, it was a night of firsts needless to say. 

"I want to taste more of you," she bent down and licked my clit. I was trying to keep my moans soft, but I'm sure someone heard me. After all, we were in the middle of an art museum, even if it was dimly lit. 

I arched my hips into her eager tongue. It was the best feeling in the whole world. I could have sat there all day, coming over and over again onto her tongue. I felt the familiar knot in my stomach building up that I had only known from touching myself at night, I knew I was going to come.

I tried to get the words out to ask for permission, but she seemed to know that instinctively I was going to cum. She pinched my nipples gently with both warm hands, I always have had a weakness for my nipples being played with. 

I let out a cry and I came all over her lips and tongue. I felt my pussy contract over and over, it was such an amazing feeling. She stood up again and pressed me against the wall, holding my wrists. She gave me a soft kiss. I could feel her gorgeous breasts pressed up against mine, I remember thinking, "fuck, I could do this all day with her." 

She then pulled away and I started walking back. I suddenly felt a hard slap on my ass. I gasped softly and turned back to her with a smile. She gave me a wink and... that was that. Needless to say, my boyfriend was very suspicious about the conspicuous bruises on my neck. I broke up with him the next day, knowing that after that experience, it confirmed that I was completely and totally into girls. The End. 

***

I hope you like it guys!! I thought it would be a fun little tangent to share my first experience with a girl. Don't worry, Pink Lips 04 is in the works! :)