 I woke up the next morning sore and sated. My pussy still felt wet. I rolled over and stretched. 

Anni opened her eyes and smiled. "Good morning."

I blushed. She'd caught me staring. "Morning." Of course she looked gorgeous. Her hair was mussed, skin clear with a healthy flush and her eyes had a spark. Meanwhile I knew I looked not half as good. My hair tangles and whorls when I sleep and don't even ask about my morning breath. Far from gorgeous.

She leaned over and bent to kiss me. I turned my head and she asked, "Morning breath?"

I nodded and she brought her hand to her mouth, huffed and winced. "Sorry."

"No, I meant me."

She laughed and kissed my lips. "You taste like pussy. Delicious."

Her hand cupped my face as she kissed me again. She nipped my lips and I moaned as it pulled low in my pussy. My fingers found her heavy breasts. Her nipples were hard already. I held them in my hands, savoring their weight. She climbed on top of me and began kissing my neck.

I moaned and she bit me. "God, I love when you make that sound." I opened my eyes, licked my lips and looked at her as I moaned again. She kissed her way down to my breasts and took my hard nipple into her mouth. 

"Yes," I moaned as the tension built low in my stomach. "More."

She smiled with her lips locked around my nipple. Popping off, she said, "Patience."

I twisted my fingers in her hair and tugged. Now she was the one who moaned.  "Suck me harder." I felt her teeth graze my nipple as her lips caved in. The pressure was exquisite and I almost came. Her hand left my breast and grazed my stomach in an excruciating, slow journey down. I shifted and spread my legs as her fingers found my wet lips. She parted me and flicked my swollen clit with the tip of her tongue. I fisted the sheets and writhed. She sucked my tit harder and inserted two fingers in my pussy.

"You ready?"

I nodded even though I wasn't sure what she was talking about. "For the strap on?"

She laughed and kissed my inner thigh. "Not just yet." She crawled back up, opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out a purple contraption. I sat up. "This is my silver bullet," she said. "We'll start with this and work our way up to a strap on." I saw that one part was purple and the other was silver and they were connected by a thing plastic cord. She put the silver piece in my hand. It was the length of my palm and cool to the touch. She turned it on. The silver bullet began vibrating in my hand. I thought of it in my pussy and I got even wetter.

"Lie back and show me your pussy," she said, taking back the bullet. 

I did as she said and could feel myself getting even wetter. She climbed off of me and moved between my legs. She leaned close to my pussy and licked me.

"God," I moaned. I closed my eyes and felt her fingers on my clit. She rubbed me into a frenzy, panting and sweating and begging for release, and just when I'd forgotten about the bullet, I felt her slip it inside me. It was cool and heavy in my pussy. Then she turned it on and I exploded, my climax washing over me in waves, dragging me down into its depths and, just when I thought it was slowing, she increased the speed and I came again.

When I opened my eyes, she was smiling. "What'd you think?"

I licked my lips. "Amazing."

***

"Don't get too close!" Anni yelled as the win whipped her hair around her face. "They're vicious."

I laughed and tossed a piece of bread. The or so seagulls attacked it in a flurry of white feathers and angry squawks. "Crazy bastards," I said, flopping onto the blanket next to her. The water was calm and we had the entire mile or so of beach to ourselves...except for the seagulls. We'd thrown together a couple of sandwiches from what was in Anni's fridge and drove forty minutes to the beach. It was sunny and windy enough to keep it cool.

She reached over, cupped my face and kissed me. It was deep and as sweet as the ocean is salty. I inhaled her scent, a mixture of her sweat, perfume and a dangerous musk. I realized I felt high breathing her in, that I could not get enough. I wanted to remain in that perfect moment forever when everything was simple and precious, when it felt like only the two of us existed in the world.

"What are you thinking?" she asked. 

I smiled. "How perfect this is."

She kissed me again. "You're perfect," she whispered against my lips.

I rolled over so that I was the one on top of her and kneaded her breasts through her shirt. Checking to make sure the beach was still clear of other people, I leaned down and sucked her nipple through the thin fabric.

"You drive me crazy," she moaned and licked her lips. She reached up and tugged my hair. My hips rocked against her pelvis. "You like that?"

"Yes." She looked at me, bit her bottom lip and pulled my ponytail harder so that my torso bent over. The pain ran through my body and made my pussy wet. I had visions of the bullet dancing in my head as she sat up.

"You are going to repay me for this morning." I nodded as her tone left no room for discussion.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Lick my pussy until I scream."

I kissed her my acquiescence. My hands teased her nipples, her shirt still wet with my spit, and pushed so that she was lying on her back. I scooted down her legs, unbuckled and unzipped her jeans and tugged them down to her knees, just enough for her pussy to expose itself to my hungry mouth. I saw her anticipation on her lace blue panties. Her odor was concentrated between her legs. I leaned in and inhaled. I propped myself on my elbows to her right, pulled one side of her panties and stared at her wet lips. 

"Yes Cass," she moaned, lifting her hips off the ground and closer to my lips, her body begging for me. "Eat me."

My lips closed around her clit and she arched her back. I inserted two fingers into her hole and felt her walls clench around them. God she was moist. My fingers slid in and out so easy and made a sucking noise as they soaked in her juices. When she opened her eyes, I pulled my fingers out and sucked them while rubbing her clit with my other hand.

"Inside me," she groaned. I knew she was close so I stuck my fingers back inside her and fucked her until she came, juices soaking the blanket underneath her.

***

When I got home a few hours later, I knew Freddy was dying of curiosity as he did the dishes because he didn't ask me how my date went. His entire concentration was on the plate he was washing and, when I said hi, he turned and said too casually, "Oh hey Cass, didn't hear you come in."

I dropped my bag on the table. "Sorry, I was going to do the dishes but—"

"Don't worry, dear," he said with a glint in his eyes. "I remember when I was a new gay lad with my first boyfriend. Believe you me, dishes were the furthest thing from my mind." He went back to washing and asked, "So how did it go?"

"I need a shower."

He cocked an eyebrow. "That well, huh? Damn girl."

I laughed, walked over and kissed his cheek. "I'll tell you all about it in fifteen."

Freddy and I sat on the balcony with a bottle of semi-expensive Chardonnay and dissected all of my interactions with Anni, lesbian sex excluded.

"Honey, I know what you got down there. Knowing what you do with it..." He affected a shutter. "More information than any gay man needs."

At one point, after a few glasses, I asked, "Do you think I'm gay?"

He sighed. "I was wondering when you'd ask. No, I don't. I think you're young and curious and attracted to who you're attracted to."

I nodded. "She's fun and funny and beautiful."

"So what's the problem?"

"Why does there have to be a problem?"

"Because I've known you long enough to know when you think there's one."

"It's just...God, this is going to sound awful of me."

"Just say it."

I looked down at my glass. "I don't know how I feel about people seeing us together. You and Tammy and Andrew are one thing, so is strangers. But other people, people I work with...and my family."

"Because you've never had to deal with this. Sure, Jeremy was a jerk and a bum, but he had the right equipment for you. But Cass, if Anni makes you happy, don't worry about anyone else and what they think. Those who truly love you will love you no matter what. Everyone else can go to hell."

I smiled, leaned over and kissed his cheek. "I love you Freddy."

"And I you, though I don't know how I feel about this new lesbian lifestyle." He winked.

***

I didn't hear from Anni for two days. I went to work, the gym and got a hump-day drink with my coworker Annabelle. She could tell something was off.

Over her large blended mango margarita, she asked, "What's wrong, Cass? You've seemed down this week."

I sipped my own drink and said, "Nothing much. Haven't been sleeping well."

She looked me over with her cool blue eyes. We'd both started in the HR office for a local home improvement store the same month a year ago and had quickly bonded. "No, it's something else. I've seen you working on four hours of sleep before and this is not like that." Her eyes bored into mine, unrelenting and sharp, until they widened. "Oh my God, it's a guy! You've met someone!"

My flushed cheeks betrayed me. "Yeah, I've been seeing someone. But we've only gone on three dates." 

"Ooh tell me everything. How did you meet?"

"At McLear's the other night with Tammy, Andrew and Freddy."

"Is he cute? What does he look like?"

"Blonde hair, green eyes, a little taller than me." An accurate description of Anni, but what I was holding back made me break eye contact.

Annabelle narrowed her eyes. "What are you not telling me?"

I took a large sip of my drink. "It's a woman I met, not a guy. Her name's Anni."

She was quiet for a second before lifting her glass. "Cheers, Cass." I tipped mine against hers. We sipped and she said, "God for you. I dated a woman for eight months a few years ago. Learned more from her than all my boyfriends combined."

I smiled. "Thanks. She's great, funny and smart and pretty, but I'm still getting used to the idea of being with a woman."

Annabelle nodded. "That's fair. It took me a few weeks after starting to date Lilly to get used to everything."

"Like what?" I asked.

"The stares, mostly. Some people would whisper, mostly women. Guys didn't seem to notice, or if they did, care. But eventually you come to accept that people are going to react how they react. I stopped caring what they thought."

"Thanks Annabelle."

She winked. "Anytime. Now you know I have to meet her!"

I laughed and nodded. "Okay, soon. I promise."

***

When I got home, I pulled my cell phone out of my purse and saw a missed call from Anni. She picked up on the third ring with a soft, "Hey."

"Hey," I said. My heart was racing and I had butterflies in my stomach. "You called?"

"Yeah, I just wanted to hear your voice tonight." I exhaled the breath I had been holding. "How was your day?"

I pulled my shoes off and sat on the couch. "It was fine."

She laughed. "Oh come on. We never mean 'fine.' How was it really?"

"Fair. I've had a lot worse. We had an employee in the new store fuck up on the fork lift and I had to write the report. It could get messy if she tries to deny her actions, but I've got two guys who were there and say they saw everything, but neither are outstanding employees themselves. Hopefully it won't turn into a he said, he said, she said thing..." I paused and hung my head. "God, I'm sorry, I must be boring you to death."

"No," she said. I could hear the sincerity in her voice. "I love listening to you. Did your boss have anything to say?"

"She said we'll deal with it as it comes."

"Good, that's all you can do. What are you doing Saturday?"

"Um nothing much. Why?"

"A friend of mine's having a bar-b-que and I was hoping you want to come with me."

I smiled. "Sure, sounds fun."

"Great, it's a date." My stomach contracted at the d-word. I chose to ignore it. "I'll pick you up around one?" 

"I'll be ready." I yawned. "So, see you then?"

She laughed. "What are you doing tomorrow after work?" She lowered her voice. "You didn't think I could go that long without seeing you, did you?"

I smiled. "Well, I was hoping not."

"Dinner tomorrow? I work the early shift so whenever you get off."

"Perfect. So I'll see you then?"

"Yes." I could hear her smile. "It's still longer than I'd like, but it's better than Saturday."

*To be continued...*