 Big apologies to anyone who was waiting for this chapter. I am back in to the rhythm of writing again and have got some very interesting things planned.

Meanwhile please enjoy this one :)

ATM 

*****

'In to the Woods' 

"So what do you want to do on your week off?"

Alex sighed. "If you keep moving I'll still be doing this drawing."

She had her drawing easel set up by the large windows and was attempting to draw Zabi. The original plan was just to do a sketch, but as the drawing progressed Alex had got creative. Now Zabi was posing wearing a corset that just covered her nipples a pair of very short shorts and her leather boots. Alex had a plan that when the drawing was complete, she would have it tattooed on her thigh. 

"I'm getting bored."

Another sigh. "Okay take a break."

Zabi scampered over to the easel, her breasts trying to escape the confines of the corset as she did so, then pushed her bottom between Alex's legs and perched on the edge of the stool. 

"Hey that's really good." She complimented when she saw how well the picture looked. 

"Considering how impatient my model is, I'm amazed we've got this far." Alex said wrapping her arms around Zabi and peeking over her shoulder. 

"Well now you've stopped for a while, what do you want to do next week?"

Alex frowned contemplating the question. Zabi had told her that she didn't need to work as the Vitelli family owned several businesses that left them comfortably well off. But Alex wasn't about to be kept be anyone. She had quit her old job and through some of Zabi's contacts, managed to get a freelance designer position with an advertising agency. At least she earned money and a lot of the time she could work from home. 

When Zabi wasn't disturbing her that was. 

She had promised to take a week off so they could go somewhere, but as of yet they hadn't decided exactly where.

"I actually fancy getting away from the city for a few days." She said finally. 

"Now that is such a good idea. How does a few days in the mountains sound?"

To Alex a few days away in the clean fresh air of the Santa Monica Mountains sounded very appealing. 

"Works for me." She replied. "I haven't been up there years. Do you know anywhere we can stay?"

"It is funny you should ask that. Dominic and Jinn have a cabin near Rocky Oaks we could stay there."

Alex tried hard not to laugh. Somehow, she couldn't imagine the pristine Dominic in a cabin. 

"A cabin? Seriously?"

"Well, when I say cabin, I mean a cabin by his standards." Zabi explained "In reality it's more of a three-bedroom, two bathroom house with a swimming pool."

"Now that's what Dominic would call a cabin." Alex said giggling. 

"We could have some chill time by the pool, maybe do a little walking, then sit out on the veranda in the evenings with a glass of wine and watch the sun go down."

Alex kissed the nap of Zabi's neck inciting a shudder. "I'd rather watch you go down."

Hands ran tantalisingly along Alex's thighs. "That could be arranged." 

She closed her eyes as Zabi's wandering hands found their way to the button of her jeans, then gasped as she felt her zipper lowered. 

"I'm sure this is just to stall me from finishing the picture." Alex sighed as fingers began to stroke her labia. 

"Would I do that?" Zabi asked innocently.

"Yes." Alex replied as she aided Zabi's breasts in their struggle to escape the corset. "I think I quiet fancy you in this." 

"I'll take it with me then. I may wear it to walk in." 

"That reminds me." Alex paused to take a breath as Zabi's fingers found a particularly nice spot. "I must take my camera, you never know what you'll see."

"We can take my car if you like." Zabi offered then moaned softly as Alex undid her shorts.

Stifling a laugh Alex slipped the shorts over Zabi's hips. "I'm not going to the mountains in your Mercedes. We can take the Ram."

"Mmm, that's nice." Zabi whispered as Alex began to caress her. "Good idea, we can carry more wine in your truck."

"Are we taking any ropes?" Alex's voice began normal and ended a slightly higher pitch due to the exploring fingers inside her. 

"Oh sì, proprio lì." Was all Zabi managed in reply for a few seconds. "Thinking of going climbing?" She asked eventually. 

"You should always prepare for..." Alex took a sharp intake of breath. "Every eventuality..." She huffed as she felt her climax building. "You never know, there could be a zombie apocalypse." 

"Oh si Dio, mio Dio..." Zabi replied in the same way as she rocked back and forth to aid her own fondling and increase the frequency of Alex administrations. "...and what good are ropes in a zombie apocalypse?"

"Because zombies... can't climb." The last two words were louder as Alex wrapped her legs around Zabi's legs pulling her closer and letting Zabi's magic touch take her over the edge. 

Zabi squirmed as she approached climax and unable to move with her arms pinned behind her and Alex's legs holding her in place.

Between them they manage to keep each other rolling in to orgasm after orgasm, neither releasing their hold on the other, and neither wanting to the other to stop. 

***

"Can we play a game?" Zabi asked as she slipped her feet out of her shoes and propped her bare feet on the dash of the Dodge Ram. 

Alex smiled. They had been driving for twenty minutes and Zabi was bored already. There were times when she was convinced that Zabi was ADHD. Sometimes buzzing with that much energy it wore Alex out just watching her, then other times when she would just drift off in to a world of her own mid conversation. Then of course when she was bored she would invent some random game to occupy her mind. 

"What sort of game?"

Eyes darted around the interior of the pickup searching for ideas. 

"How about a music quiz? I will press the search button on the radio, when it picks up a station you must name the track playing. Then we do the same again and I must guess. If we guess incorrectly we have to do a forfeit."

Alarm bells rang in Alex's mind. "What sort of forfeit?" She asked warily.

The expression Alex referred to as the 'naughty smirk' appeared on Zabi's face. "Guess wrong and you have to remove an item of clothing."

"The Dodge Ram swerved slightly as Alex risked tearing her eyes away from the road ahead to glance at Zabi. "Are you being serious?"

The eyebrow that was pierced with the stainless-steel stud arched, as it always did when Zabi was going to persuade Alex to do something. 

"Totally serious." She said with a mischievous grin. 

The all too familiar butterflies sored in to flight in Alex's stomach. Zabi knew just how turned on Alex got at the thought of being caught somewhere naked. It had been a week spot that Zabi had exploited on numerous occasions through their relationship. Alex had a feeling that this would be another one of those moments and she could feel the warmth between her legs as her body responded to the thought. 

"Then it's an interesting idea." She replied unevenly. "Although I'm not sure just how I will manage to undress while driving."

"I'm sure I can work something out without us having to stop." 

A fleeting feeling of excitement flickered through Alex's mind. She was aware that she had at least three more items of clothing more than Zabi, but something told her that she was going to regret this idea. 

She still nodded in agreement. 

"Right round one." Zabi said as she pressed the 'search' button. 

The digital read out flickered through numbers then locked on to a station and a tune blared out. 

Alex breathed a quick sigh of relief. "Pink, So what." As she recognised the tune. 

"See it isn't that bad." Zabina half giggled. "My turn."

The button was pressed once more, and techno dance music came out of the speakers. 

"Faithless, Insomnia." 

Alex shrugged. She thought it may have been Faithless, but as for the name of the track she had no idea. The feeling of regret swam through her mind once more. Yes, she listened to a lot of music, but Zabi had a very eclectic taste of music and the memory of an elephant. 

The dial spun again and a classical peace played. 

"Crap." Alex said resigning to being the first to loose. 

"Seriously?" Zabi asked. "You don't know Peer Gynt? I guess something is going to have to come off."

Trying to concentrate on her driving, Alex twitched and squirmed as Zabi's hands snaked over her upper body and under the blouse she was wearing. A few seconds later her bra dangled from Zabi's hand and was thrown on to the rear seat.

After another brief search a country and western tune came on. Alex half smiled, Zabi hated that particular genre. 

"I don't suppose my shoes count?" Zabi asked hopefully. 

"Not a chance." Alex replied quickly. "You'd taken them off before we started."

With a sulky pout Zabina unbuttoned her jeans and slipped out of them. Alex was very aware that Zabi never wore a bra and now she was reduced to wearing a vest top and a very tiny thong, whereas Alex still had trainers, shorts, blouse and her panties. 

The next station was playing a fairly recent pop tune that Alex recognised. 

"That's Clean Bandit. Rockabye." She said with a smile.

"That so unlucky." A grinning Zabi replied. "It's actually Clean Bandit featuring Anne-Marie and Sean Paul."

"What!" Alex nearly shouted. "I can't believe you are going to be that picky." 

"Well you wouldn't let me include my shoes." Came the sly reply, as Zabi reached over and undid Alex's cropped shorts. "You may want to switch to cruise control for a moment."

After an extended wrestle the cut off jean shorts joined the other items of clothing on the rear seat, and Alex was blushing again. 

A Rap song was on the next station and even Alex knew it.

"New York. Jay-z." Zabi was nearly bouncing up and down in her seat.

Another Rap station and Alex's trainers ended up on the back seat. 

"Well, now we are even in items left." Zabi announced. "I think it's time to up the stakes. The next looser has to go and buy coffee and the first stop we come to."

The butterflies in Alex's stomach, which had long since taken flight had now evolved in to birds and were all circling together. Concentrating on driving was becoming a real challenge. All she could hope for was that Zabi would lose before she did.

A Britney Spears song came on next, and Alex cursed it wasn't her turn.

The dial searched once more and Alex's breath caught in her throat as a tune she knew began playing. A slight cry uttered from her lips as the name of the track eluded her. 

"I can't remember the name of it." She finally admitted, half fearful of what was about to happen and half aroused at the same thought. 

"Oh that's a shame." Zabi answered in mock pity. "Best get these panties off then." Zabina reached over and grabbed the material of Alex's underwear laughing wildly.

Alex gasped as the thin material stretched and tore. Still giggling Zabina opened the window and threw the torn garment out. 

"I think I will have a mocha when we find somewhere." 

Alex was acutely aware of the texture of the leather seat against her bare bottom and her nipples visibly hardened under the thin blouse. She felt as though everyone that past them looked at her knowing she was wearing hardly anything. Already she could feel her sex getting moister by the second as her arousal grew. 

"Oh look next stop in one mile." Zabi pointed out. "I'm so looking forward to a nice coffee and maybe some doughnuts."

Trying to steady her breathing Alex attempted to calm her nerves. "Hold on a moment. The game started with me. You need to have another go."

The realisation that she was correct dawned on Zabi. "Okay I'll tell you what. If I get the next one wrong I will accompany you. But if I get it right you go totally naked."

"That's seriously not fair." Alex complained as she felt her skin flush beet red at the thought. 

"Take it or leave it." Zabi grinned. 

Alex settled for hitting the search button once more. Then smiled in half victory as another country and western song came over the air waves. 

"Crap." Zabi repeated Alex's dismay from earlier in the game. 

The Ram slowed as Alex pulled off the highway and on to the parking lot off a café.

"Best get these off." She said reaching over and tearing the small thong off. 

"How about we just forget the coffee?" Zabi asked hopefully trying to pull the short top down to cover her modesty. 

Stifling a giggle Alex realised that her blouse would indeed hide the majority of her undressed state, whereas the small vest top Zabi wore certainly wouldn't. 

"Would you have let me off if I had lost that last round?" 

A wistful look crossed Zabi's face as she no doubt imagined Alex going in to the shop naked. "You know there is no way I would have made you do that if you didn't want to." 

Deep inside Alex knew she was telling the truth. While the thought of the situation excited her massively, the actual doing on the other hand had never been forced on her.

"OK compromise. We forget the coffee if you agree to travel the rest of the way naked." Alex suggested. 

"Only If I can sit in the back and you stay as you are." Came the reply.

This made good sense to Alex as the rear windows were blacked out, so she agreed. 

Zabi sighed with relief and clambered in to the rear of the truck. Once settled she removed her vest top. 

"This actually feel very sexy." Zabina informed her as she pulled back on to the road. "I can just sit back here and no one will be any the wiser." 

Now feeling slightly jealous Alex decided she would tease Zabi a little. "Well you had better pass those clothes forwards, just so you don't get tempted to cover up." 

The items of clothing landed on the front seat in an untidy bundle. 

"Now why would I want to do that?"

A naughty smile spread across Alex lips. "Well you always complain I drive too slowly. Maybe I should speed up a little. After all it may be interesting to get stopped by some nice traffic cop."

"Well you're the one that will have to get out of the car." Zabi whispered in her ear as she pulled Alex's blouse up slightly revealing her damp pussy. 

Immediately Alex reduced the speed of the Ram as she flushed once more. 

"Have you ever thought about walking in the woods while naked?" Zabi asked suddenly. 

Alex swerved slightly as her concentration slipped again. 

"That was a little out of the blue."

Zabi laughed. "Sorry my mind was wandering. I was just sitting back here naked and thinking of how much fun it would be to go out in to the woods without any clothes."

"Just you or both of us?"

"Oh I hadn't though that far ahead." Zabi answered as she began to stoke Alex's sides through the material of the blouse. "I could be naked and you could tie my hands, put me on a leash then tie me to a tree and tease me mercilessly."

"Or maybe we could reverse the roles." 

Alex's heat was rising rapidly. So much so she didn't notice that Zabi had unbuttoned her blouse and was now sliding her hands over her skin. 

"I suppose it would be fun if I was dressed and you wandered along in front of me in your birthday suit. I may take the riding crop and chase you through the woods giving you a quick spank if I catch you."

The image of her being chased along a wooded path while naked flashed through Alex's mind and her breath began to speed up in reaction to the fantasy. 

"Yes actually I think I prefer it if I am dressed and you are naked. I think we will go for a walk then at some point I will get you to undress I will then hide your clothing and you will have to walk back in the nude. You will have to watch out for other walkers and hide in the bushes if anyone appears on the track. Then when we get back to the cabin I may keep you naked to act as my servant. If you please me, you can have your clothes back. If not your sentence of being naked is increased."

Alex's knuckles turned white as they gripped the steering wheel. Fingers flicked inside of her as Zabi explained in great detail of how she had always wanted a naked servant and just how much fun she would have teasing the permanently naked Alex. 

Somehow Alex managed to keep in control of the pickup as Zabi brought her to the very edge of climax several times over the next half an hour. 

***

"How much further is this place you want me to see?" Alex asked. They had been walking for over two hours and already the sun was past its zenith and Alex didn't fancy relying on Zabi's sense of direction if it went dark. 

"Not far now." Zabi answered. "It should be just past these trees." 

Things had been eventful since they had arrived at the secluded cabin. They had dared each other to unload the truck naked, then after a small meal and a few bottles of wine they had dared each other to do tasks whilst nude until they had finally retired to bed in a state of sexual frenzy. 

Today they had decided to go for a walk in the woods as Zabi had told Alex there was somewhere she wanted her to see. 

The woods thinned out a little to reveal the beautiful view of a small lake with a beach of yellow sand. 

It was breath taking. 

"This is what I wanted you to see." Zabi said standing next to her. 

"It is heaven." Alex said lost in wonder at the beauteous site. The lake was so secluded and peaceful it was an oasis of tranquillity. The afternoon sun glinted off the surface of the water and bird song the only noise. 

"We used to come up here when we were children." Zabi said. "It's one of the reasons why Nicky brought the cabin." 

"Nicky?" Alex let out a small laugh.

"Yes that was what I called him when we were young. He hates anyone else calling him that, so don't let him know I told you." Zabi said with a half-smile. "Why don't you open the Moet and we can have a nice chilled drink."

A puzzled look crossed Alex's face. "What Moet?"

"I thought it would be nice to celebrate our first holiday together, so I put a bottle of Moet in a chill bag and packed it in to your pack." Zabi replied with a cheeky grin. 

"I thought it felt heavy." Alex said with a giggle as she popped the bottle open. 

What neither of them had accounted for was the amount of shaking the bottle had received whilst in Alex's backpack. 

The cork shot from the bottle screamed over Zabi's head and out towards the centre of the lake. Zabi on the other hand received an immediate soaking of chilled champagne as the sparkling wine erupted from the bottle with all the vigour of a volcano. 

With a yell of surprise Zabi tried to stem the flow by placing her hands over the neck of the bottle. This just resulted in spraying the cool liquid backwards towards Alex. 

By the time it had settled down the pair were soaked and laughing loudly. Nearly half the wine had been lost so they took turns trying to drink it from the bottle, this just resulted in more spilt champagne and more laughter. 

"Well that was a waste." Zabi stated as she plucked the damp shirt away from her skin. 

"Not from where I'm standing." Alex replied eyeing Zabina's dark nipples through the wet and nearly see through material. 

"You don't look too bad either." Zabi retorted trying not to start laughing again. "We need to wash this off otherwise it will be a very uncomfortable walk back." 

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Alex asked with an impish expression. 

A grin spread across Zabi's lips. "Skinny dip?"

In response Alex kicked off her trainers and ran laughing in to the water, the sudden coolness taking her breath away slightly as she dove under the surface.

Once her clothing had been thoroughly soaked Alex returned to the beach. Zabina had already removed her clothing, rinsed it in the clear water and was spreading them out on a flat rock to dry. 
