 Special Thanks to Kleora for her sweetness and patience in editing what originally was a disaster. 

*

In the beginning, there was little I knew about Lin. All I could say was that she was beautiful and even when I met her, I was unsure if she would ever be interested in me, let alone in women, though I considered myself to be pretty. I was brown skinned with a nice smile and average height. Even though I was aware culturally and politically of what separated the people of the world, I never let it interfere in desire or love.

I was out with a few girlfriends of mine having drinks and generally hanging out like we usually did when I met Lin. I walked up to the bar and ordered myself another drink; the bartender who was a friend of mine said, "Alright Miss Aisha, this is your last one!" I nodded and smiled, I knew I was beyond tipsy and borderline drunk. I sipped my drink and sighed; I was having a good night. I met a few good looking guys, and I was dressed to the nines in a short, strapless, silver party dress. My hair was slung over my shoulder and even though the lounge was crowded and hot, I managed to only glisten with sweat. I looked out into the crowd and noticed a lone, solitary Asian woman. She was dancing with what looked to be like a friend and I noticed that she was actually quite good. Good enough in fact that a few men had began to stare and hungrily appraise her with their eyes. I shook my head and giggled to myself, I loved men if only for their cavemen like mating techniques. 

The song ended and the girl headed to the bar with a friend in tow. As the Asian girl drew closer I could see that she was around the same height as me, possibly an inch or two shorter. She had beautifully shaped chestnut colored eyes and her lips were full and shapely. I allowed myself for a moment to appreciate her small perky breasts. The black dress that she wore accentuated her slender waist that swelled to lush hips and toned legs, and as she stopped right beside me I noticed that she had a small dragon tattoo on her left arm. 

I smiled as she ordered a glass of water and another beer. She was a party girl, and bold to be partying in an all black club.

"Hey I saw you out there doing your thing!" I leaned in and whispered in her ear. She laughed and held out her hand to me. "I'm Lin. You?" I shook her hand and flashed a mega watt smile. 

"I'm Aisha; pleasure to meet you Lin."

"Glad to know that I met your approval, Aisha!" I laughed with her and said, "Come on, let's go dance!" Her girlfriend whispered something in her ear but stayed rooted to the bar opting to watch our drinks rather than join us.

A few songs later my girlfriends found me and said they were ready to go, I wasn't just yet so I decided to stay and watch this pretty girl who had caught my attention. I had stopped dancing with her and went to go mingle with some people that I knew; I didn't want to look too hung up on her. At last the night was over, the lights were on and everyone was heading out the door. I was disappointed that I had only seen Lin once more during the whole night and I figured she must have left. However, in a short while I was to be thoroughly surprised.

I sidled up to my ex boyfriend who worked the door and gave him a traditional goodbye kiss on the lips. 

Hey," he said, almost as an afterthought "There was an Asian chick looking for you outside; do you know her?" I nodded my head;

"Yeah, that's a friend of mine!" I rushed outside without any further thought to the frown he gave me, he knew most if not all of my friends. I looked out at the parking lot, it was a circus with cars coming and going, people hooking up for the night, and music blaring so it surprised me when someone tapped my shoulder. I spun around and it was Lin. She was smiling brightly and her eyes twinkled with mischief. 

"Hey Aisha I wanted to know if you were interested in coming to the casino with me and a few of my girlfriends? I'm not from here but I have a room for the weekend. We were going to hang out and maybe grab some breakfast later." 

"Sure girl! That sounds fun!" And with that, I jumped in my car and followed Lin and her two friends back to the casino. 

When we got to the room, it looked like a typical woman's domain before a night out on the town. Clothes and shoes littered the floor, makeup lined the bathroom counter and a few empty wine glasses were scattered about. I learned quickly that the tall black girl with Lin was Grace, and the shorter Asian girl was Cho. They had all went to college together and Lin was in town with Cho celebrating Grace's birthday. Restlessly Grace said, "I want to go play the slots! I feel lucky tonight!" Cho and Lin smiled as Grace stripped off her party dress right where she was and changed into some tight black jeans and a midriff baring pink tank top. Cho followed suit in a pair of pink shorts and a white tube top. It was Lin who stayed dressed saying, "I think I'm going to hang with Aisha for a bit," and turning to look at me she added "if that's cool with you." I nodded.

"Yeah, I'm good with that, you got any more wine?" The other girls conceded and promised to be back in less than an hour to come get us for breakfast. 

After Lin showed me where the rest of the wine was I poured myself a glass and had a seat on the small couch that was adjacent to the bed. It looked so inviting and soft that I slipped off my shoes, drained the rest of my glass and went to go lie down so I could take a quick power nap. Just as my eyes closed I heard the bathroom door open and heard Lin calling me. 

"Aisha, can you help me for a sec?" I got up and walked to the bathroom and saw that Lin was entirely naked except for a towel wrapped around her head. Her dark pink nipples were hard and jutted out from her perky breasts. Her belly was flat and firm looking and I noticed that her navel was pierced. My gaze traveled all the way down her legs to her pretty toenails that glistened with red polish. I tried to control my breathing and steady my voice; she was a work of art. As I stepped in she grabbed a bottle of lotion off of the counter.

"Can you rub this lotion on my back for me? I have dry skin, and I hate the way it bothers me." I swallowed slowly and nodded. I knew where this was heading and I was already anticipating it. The shower was still going so I said, "After I'm finished I'm going to jump in the shower I feel sweaty from tonight." Lin giggled. 

"Yeah I saw you out there tonight on the dance floor; you were shaking it like you were trying to impress someone!" I didn't respond, just concentrated on rubbing the lotion on her perfect back. Lin was facing the mirror and I stood slightly to her right and behind her. I tried not to make eye contact but I wanted to see how she was reacting to my hands caressing her. As I continued to massage an infinite amount of lotion on her I couldn't help but notice that her ass was round and shapely and that her legs were much more toned than I had realized. Without even thinking about it, I rubbed my hands down a little further until they were grazing the top of her ass. Lin didn't say anything, she just stood there with her eyes half closed and a little grin on her face so I took it a step further.

I pulled the lid of the toilet seat down, sat on it and proceeded to massage lotion into the back of her thighs, where they met the bottom of her ass. She was so soft. The more I rubbed her, the wetter I got. I took the green light when I heard her moan a little bit. I gently pressed the inside of her legs apart with my thumbs and started massaging the lotion into her parted thighs. I rubbed higher and higher until I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy. Slowly and carefully I "accidentally" slid a finger over her lips and found that she was shaven clean. She gripped the counter for support and I had to stop myself now, otherwise I would keep going until she came. 

I stood up and got undressed, her eyes watching me in the mirror. 

"Sit down." I said quietly as I got into the shower making sure she was watching me soap up my own body. She never looked away, and only murmured small comments like; "Your body is so curvy," or "you have beautiful legs". 

I handed her the towel and said "Wash my back please." And she did, slowly, almost lazily, easing further and further down until she got to my ass, it was with that she turned me around and began to soap up the front of my mound. 

"Spread your legs please." She said in a soft voice. I eagerly did this and her little brows knitted together as she squatted down and ran her fingers back and forth over my smooth pussy. She slid one small finger between my fleshy folds and it was all I could do to not fall over. I rinsed off and jumped out of the shower, I couldn't wait any longer. I grabbed Lin's hand and almost ran back to the bed. I slid on top of the covers, scooting myself until I got to the middle. She climbed up as well, sat astride me and began grinding her velvety pussy against my own. 

I wrapped my hands around Lin's waist as she leaned down, giving me better access to suck on her pink and swollen nipples. She pulled away as she grabbed my breasts and started to knead them. 

"Oh I love your breasts; they're so big and beautiful." I moaned as she lifted my leg up and slid her soaking wet slit up against mine and began to grind hard. The wetness that we both created made little sucking and slurping noises as we moved back and forth. I wanted to come, needed to come, but I wasn't ready yet. I sat up and kept one of her legs on my shoulder and leaned down to her wet yoni. It was beautifully shaped and very tight. I slid a finger in and Lin arched her back as I put my mouth on her swollen lips and sucked. 

"Oh my, oh damn..."She moaned. I ate her hungrily; she tasted so sweet, and her clit was hard as a rock. Her hips were moving in circles and she had her hands wrapped in my hair pulling me down on her pussy. Her long hair had come undone from her towel ages ago, so as I turned over and brought her on top of my face I saw it hanging over her shoulders swinging back and forth as she bucked on my mouth. I slid out from under her and said, "Lift up Lin." And she did as she swung around and grabbed a pillow, wedging it underneath my ass. 

We were now in a 69 and a jolt of shock went through me when I felt her soft mouth on my aching pussy. Lin was skilled at what she did. Swirling circles around my clit, sucking on it slowly until it hardened and then licking my labia until I cooled down again. I tried to do even better by grabbing her soft hips and pulling her whole cunt into my mouth, sucking the entire thing until she was trembling from wanting to come so bad. When she could take no more, Lin slid away from me and laid me back in the bed. 

"Hold on" was all she said and she went to one of her bags. A moment later she turned around and produced a strap on. The shaft was light brown, long and thick. I held out my hand and she gave it to me. I strapped it on with little difficulty and lay back again in the bed. I wanted her on top of me and as she started to climb on I stopped her by placing kisses all over her breasts and collarbone.

"Aisha you feel so good, I want you." She whispered. I murmured back, "I want you too baby." And then I pulled her small curvy body on top of the strap on. As she took more of it in her, I could feel the friction nudging my own clit and when she was all the way down with her swollen pussy rubbing against the harness I grabbed her ass and began to rock her hips. Nothing can describe the sensation of her slow grind and the moaning she did. Lin's hands came up and grabbed my breasts and rubbed them together and pinching the nipples until they perked up. She pushed them together and sucked both of them at the same time. The feeling of her soft, wet tongue on my sensitive nipples drove me crazy. 

I grabbed her hips again and bounced her up and down, I was so close, but I was waiting on her. I turned her over and sat back on my knees. Lin automatically spread her legs and perked her ass up. I grabbed her by the waist and slid the dildo in; it was already so wet with her juices. I teased her for a second, alternating between the dildo and my hand that rubbed her whole yoni. 

"More please! Oh damn this feels so good... please don't stop Aisha!" She moaned loudly as I proceeded to fuck her as hard as I could. I grabbed her small breasts as they bounced and dug in deeper until I felt my own orgasm building up, threatening to erupt. 

"Aisha, oh fuck, I'm about to come!" This drove me over the edge and I bucked my hips even faster. It was all I could do to not pass out as Lin began to moan louder and louder.

"I'm coming! I'M COMING, OH FUCK I'M COMING AISHA! FUCK ME HARDER, PLEASE!" My own orgasm erupted as the nub grinded against my clit and wave after wave of sensation overtook all of my senses. 

We lay there quietly in the aftermath holding one another and kissing each other softly on the lips until we heard the door opening. I made a move to get up, but Lin said, "No, it's okay. They know." I lifted my head up, still short of breath and saw Grace and Cho come in quietly, little smiles on their faces. Without another word Cho came over and took the harness off me and before I could protest she lowered her head and began softly lapping up my juices. Grace stood behind Cho murmuring encouraging words and rubbing her ass and thighs until Lin got up and began to pull Graces jeans down. I had no idea that the night was far from over...