 This story is completely true. It happened a few years ago actually. It's about clearly my very first time with two women. All names have been switched. This is my first time writing a story like this so please criticism is welcomed. 

**Everyone in this story is 18 years old or older**

****************

Ever since I can remember I've always thought women were beautiful creatures. I had always wanted to be with a woman but back then I was too scared. What would everyone think of me? After all I had been brought up on believing that liking the same sex was wrong. Now don't get me wrong I absolutely love men, but... There's just something about a women's body. Their lips, the soft skin, the hair, the moans they make... Good Lord!! I'm getting ahead of myself... 

All throughout high school I wasn't 100% sure if I liked women but I did know that I loved looking at them and thinking about them. Until, this one night where I was hanging out with a group of my friends and was dared to kiss my friend Maria. God I had never been kissed so softly so sensually. That night my boyfriend fucked me sooo unbelievably good that all I could do was pass out. Nothing ever happened after that encounter with Maria but I've had a crush on her ever since.

Now to the important part...

About a year after I graduated from high school I picked up my friend from our community college so we could go to the mall. Little did I know that she was bringing along a friend. This friend was just oozing sex and confidence. Her name was Ashley. Now Ashley isn't all that feminine she loves to dress in men's clothes just as much as she likes to dress in women's clothing. There was just something about her...

The entire time we were in the car and at the mall she was just flirting with me none stop. And I was a little confused but boy did I love the attention. At the end of the day when I dropped her back off she asked me what I was doing for Valentine's Day and said that if my date didn't show up I should call her. 

My date did show up and I had a wonderful time. 

Fast forward to a few weeks later. Ashley had me in such a trance that whenever I would speak to my friend if Ashley was with her I would make a point of telling her that I said hi. 

Eventually one thing led to another and Ashley and I were dating. We fooled around a few times and it was so good but I never got to touch her. It ended after three months, it was a summer fling. 

About 6 months later I see my friend and Ashley at the mall. We started a conversation when out of nowhere this beautiful women walks up to Ashley and gives her a kiss right on the lips. I automatically thought they made a beautiful couple. I was introduced and found out her name was Liz. Liz had this smile that just melted your heart, this walk that just had your eyes following her till they couldn't any longer, and just like Ashley she was oozing sex and confidence. The difference here was that Liz was completely feminine. This is something I've always lusted over. A sultry feminine woman.

A few weeks later my friend and Ashley hit me up to hang out and smoke some weed. And after that it just became a routine. 

Little by little Ashley, Liz and I would just flirt. At first it was innocent until I realized that I wanted to be with the both of them. After all it was they're fault. They kept making jokes about me possibly becoming the third girlfriend. 

There was this one night and I remember I was at Ashley's house and Liz was there, so were a few other people. We were just smoking weed like crazy. Oh my god I was so high. We were also drinking... When everyone left Ashley, Liz and I went into the room to watch a movie. Ashley and Liz were teasing me all night about this third girlfriend stuff that at one point I just grabbed Liz and kissed her sensually. She just looked so shocked that I just wanted to fuck her sooo badly. But instead I jumped off the bed and said I should go home. They both said otherwise who knows what would happen...

The weekend came and where do you say I was? At Ashley's house of course. That night we just smoked a lot of weed possibly like 5 blunts back to back. We laid down in Ashley's bed and were watching movies. When out of the corner of my eye I see Ashley and Liz making out. 

Now do I honestly need to tell you how shocked and turned on I was that this was happening right next to me?! 

When I look over they don't seem like they will be stopping anytime soon so I was contemplating on just giving them their privacy and going home. 

While I was trying to make up my mind I end up feeling a hand rubbing on my thigh ever so slowly. Kind of carefully in a way. I look down and its Liz. At that point I didn't want to move but I also didn't know what to do. Should I touch? Should I not? Should I go? Should I stay? Eventually I was so horny I said fuck it! She started it and I'm ending it. I started to kiss Liz on the Neck slowly then I started nibbling. Her hand rubbed my thigh firmer and slowly slid to the inside of my thigh. 

Liz stopped kissing Ashley and turned around and started kissing me. Ashley was watching us and rubbing both of our thighs. By this point I was so wet that I could feel it through my shorts. Then Ashley started kissing me and Liz was nibbling on my neck. My neck is so sensitive that at that point any thought of going anywhere went straight out of my mind kind of like the moan that escaped my lips. Eventually we three ended up topless. And as soon as that happened I latched onto Liz' nipple like it was my life line. 

While I was sucking and biting Liz' nipples Ashley had taken off Liz' shorts and was playing with her clit. I then proceeded to make out with Liz as I pinched her nipples. Good god I just couldn't get over her lips and boobs. 

At some point we all ended up naked and we were just a mess of limbs. I remember Ashley getting in between Liz and me and fingering us. She rubbed our clits slowly at first and then faster and then she slowed down again and got faster. (I'm so wet remembering all this that my boy shorts are completely soaked.) 

We then got on top of Ashley while I was fingering her Liz was making out with her and pinching her nipples. At first I was going in and out slowly but then I found my rhythm and started fucking her started with one finger and shoved the second one in. She was moaning so loud I thought the neighbors could hear. I hooked my fingers up and kept fucking her until she came. I kept stroking her just as hard while she rode out her orgasm which just led to a second one. I was still rubbing her clit softly when she shoved my hands away and said no more.

Liz then came to me and laid me down and started to slowly kiss me all over and slowly stuck a finger in me. God she was good. She kept looking me in the eyes as she expertly fingered me. I couldn't do anything but moan. Then she quickened her speed and started sucking on my nipple. Just then Ashley latches on to my neck and is pinching my other nipple. I came so hard. 

Liz ended up laying down and I started making out with her and playing with her nipple as Ashley ate her out. When suddenly Liz just pulls me up so far that my pussy ends up right above her mouth. She starts to eat me out like it was the first thing she's had to eat in weeks. There wasn't a part of my pussy she didn't lick or suck or nibble. All I could do was hold myself up on the wall and hope I didn't pass out from how delicious I was feeling. Nothing I said made sense. Well nothing besides; more, oh god, fuck, more, harder. 

When I came a came hard but it wasn't just once or twice it was at least three times. But Liz wasn't done yet. She kept eating me out and slowly stuck her thumb up my puckered hole. It had been so long since anyone touched me up there that I got scared and said no but she kept going slowly. I was so wet her thumb just went in and out so smoothly. Between her thumb up my ass and her mouth eating my pussy like it was a Buffett I came so hard I shook right off of Liz. 

Ashley kept eating out Liz til she came. Liz and I then fucked Ashley till she screamed both of our names. 

This entire fuck fest lasted about 4 hours I kid you not. The three of us were full of bruises and scratches. The only thing that I regret from that night is that I never ate either one of them out and till this day I have yet to eat a woman out. Dont worry when it happens you might be the first to know ;P