 It was my first day at college. I was very nervous as I began to unpack my stuff in my new dorm room. My parents had departed a short time ago. There were lots of tears, and I felt abandoned, but I did my best to bear up, and now I was trying to feel positive and hope that my new roommate would be somebody I liked. There was a lot of scurrying about in the hallway, and lots of noise from carts being moved up and down.

I wasn't sure which bed to choose, since I thought it would only be fair for both of us to agree. I didn't want to get off on the wrong foot. So I was unpacking my computer when the half opened door was pushed all the way open by what I knew must be my new roommate. 

"Hi," she said, "I'm Melanie." 

I got up from the floor and shook her hand and said "Hi, I'm Linda."

I don't usually check out other girls, but Melanie was gorgeous. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her, and I blushed a bit. 

"I'm from Salt Lake City. It's been quite a trip to get here." 

Melanie responded "I'm from Toronto, so I guess we both had a long trip." 

We laughed. I felt immediately that we were going to be close friends, and I was relieved of some of the anxiety I was feeling.

"Melanie, I didn't want to choose a bed before you got here, so we could agree." 

"Well, honestly, I really don't care. I suspect I'm just going to be sleeping there, so it doesn't matter."

I knew she was joking, but she had a mischievous look in her eyes. 

"OK, " I said. "I'll take this one," and I picked up my suitcase and plunked it down on the bed.

We spent the rest of the day getting unpacked and getting to know each other. I really liked her sense of humor, and she seemed so relaxed despite the stress of just starting college. 

We went to the cafeteria for dinner about 6:00, and walked around the campus for an hour to get used to it, and got back to our room around 9:00. We were both tired from travel, and decided to go to bed early. I felt a little self conscious about changing to my night clothes is front of Melanie, but she was so uninhibited that it relaxed me. In a matter of a minute, she was completely naked, and searching through her drawers for her nightgown. She wasn't the least bit shy. What a magnificent body!!! I kept sneaking looks when I could. Perfect perky breasts, nicely trimmed pussy, slim waist, shapely ass, strong thighs and calves. I felt like I could never live up to that standard, but I had no choice. 

I got out my nightgown, and undressed and dressed as quickly as possible. She had found the panties that she liked to sleep in, but was still otherwise naked. Then she came up with the nightgown and announced 

"Damn, I need to get more organized." 

We both laughed, got into our beds, and promptly fell asleep from exhaustion.

The next week was a whirlwind of activity. Signing up for classes, meeting professors and classmates, getting early homework, trying to adjust to the eating schedule. We both came back in the early evening, and got down to school work at our desks. We seemed to be very relaxed with each other, and that helped me get through that first difficult week.

On Monday of the second week, I came back to our room around 4:00 to get a book I had forgotten. When I opened the door, Melanie was on her bed crying. I was stunned. She had seemed so self-possessed. 

"Melanie, what's wrong? Is there anything I can do?"

Melanie sobbed "I'm just so homesick. I miss my parents, I miss my boyfriend, I miss everything." And she just cried harder.

I didn't know what to do. I sat down next to her and caressed her hair. 

"I'm homesick too. I really miss my old life. But it will get better, and you'll be able to go home in another few weeks when we get our break."  "Yes, I know", said Melanie, "thanks for being so supportive." 

She reached out and touched my arm. For some reason this made me tingle. There was just something so inviting about Melanie. I don't know why, and I had never had the thought before, but I was attracted to her in a sexual way. This was so unlike me. I too had a boyfriend at home, but I was feeling lonely, and Melanie was so beautiful.

Melanie said "would you lay down next to me and hug me. I really need that."

I was a little hesitant, but I knew she was in distress, and could see no harm. So I lay down, put my right arm behind her neck, and hugged her to me. She put both her arms around me, and cried some more, as I stroked her hair with my left hand. After a short time, she stopped crying, and smiled up at me. I smiled back. She kissed my cheek, and then kissed it again. She looked up at me, and then she kissed me on the mouth, a brief touch. She looked at me again to see my reaction. I didn't know what to make of it. 

I said "Melanie, did you really mean to do that?" 

She said "Yes. I know I said I have a boyfriend, but I am so lonely that I just need some tender loving care. And I think you are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen."

I was truly stunned. Here I was thinking the same thing about her, and feeling so inferior, and she was feeling the same about me.

I looked at her for a bit, and then I don't know what came over me, but I moved my lips to hers, and gave her a much longer kiss. I was tingling all over both from being turned on and from doing something so forbidden. Melanie returned my kiss, and started to caress my cheek. We didn't part our lips, but kept kissing, harder and more passionately. 

I pulled away and said "are you sure you want to do this?" 

"Yes," she said huskily, "I do," and put her lips right back on mine, parting them with her tongue.

We kissed for a long time, and then Melanie pulled away and started to unbutton my shirt. My initial reaction was to resist, but I didn't. I don't, to this day, know exactly why, but I let her continue. I laid on my back, and she was up on an elbow, unbuttoning one button at a time, slowly. When all the buttons were undone, she cradled my head, sat me up, and removed my blouse. I was wearing a black cotton athletic bra underneath. She put her free hand on my left breast and began to massage. I was getting wet, which was a little embarrassing for someone who never thought she would be doing this. But I couldn't stop. She was just too perfect to resist.

After massaging both of my breasts for several minutes, she lifted the front of my bra, and exposed both breasts. She looked at my face, not my breasts and smiled. She lowered her head to my chest and started licking my nipples. They got erect almost immediately. There was no longer any way to hide what I was feeling. 

I stroked her head and said, "Melanie, that feels so good. Don't stop." 

She giggled a little, and kept licking.

At this point I was getting quite turned on. I still couldn't get my head around what was going on, but I was rapidly reaching the point where I didn't care. I gently pushed Melanie off me, and sat up. I pushed her down on the bed, and started to unbutton her shirt, a little less gently than she had unbuttoned me. I tore her shirt off of her, and pushed her lacy bra up over her breasts. I dropped my face on to her chest, and started to kiss and nibble on her breasts. I bit her nipples gently and licked around the areolas. I sucked on them, too. 

She was beginning to breathe heavily. She put her hands around my back, and pulled me to her. Our breasts touched, and we rubbed our bodies together.

It was getting dark outside, and the shadows added to the romantic moment. We rubbed chests for a long time, kissing all the while, hands in each others hair, backs being alternately scratched and squeezed. We put our tongues deeper and deeper into each others mouths. I opened my eyes to see if she was looking at me, and she was. I pulled away. I couldn't smile, I was too enraptured. 

I whispered, "Melanie, you have the most perfect body. I can't believe I'm touching it."

"Believe it, Linda. You are making me feel SO good, and I want to make you feel even better."

With that, she pushed me off her, sat up, and started to unzip my jeans. I lifted my ass to make it easier for her. She pulled the waist down, and then the legs. I was left wearing only my red thong. 

She put her hand on my stomach and her other hand on my thigh, and said "I'm going to take you places you've never been." And I knew she meant it.

She reached inside the waistband of my thong, and pulled it gently off me. She touched my completely shaved pussy, and gasped. 

"It's so beautiful." 

She lowered her head down and nuzzled my thighs for a moment, licking and kissing. I was breathing harder and harder. It was getting more dark, and I felt transported to another place, hell, another universe.

Melanie put her lips on my pussy, stuck her tongue out, and licked up and down the length of my slit. She circled my clit, but didn't touch it. She reached up with one hand to massage my breasts, and slipped the other hand under my ass. After some more kissing, she put her tongue directly on my clit. I shuddered and arched. It felt so DAMN good. I moaned. She giggled, and started seriously licking. I was at this point humping her face, and couldn't control my movements. I had had sex with men before, even some oral, but no one had ever done anything like this to me. I knew I was being spoiled forever for a vibrator.

When I got so hot I couldn't stand it, I pushed Melanie off, and grabbed her zipper, and pulled hard. She laughed. I yanked her jeans off, and ripped her thong from her body. There was that gorgeous trimmed pussy just waiting for me. I turned my body around so that I could lick her, while she could have access to fingering me. 

I started to lick with a vengeance, and she said "Hey, slow down. It's not a race. Make the pleasure last." 

I knew she was right. I slowed down, and then she put her thumb and forefinger up to my wet area, put her thumb in my pussy to get it wet, then put it in my ass, and used her finger to massage my clit, while moving her thumb in and out. I was afraid I would explode right then, but I got myself under control. I pushed back each time she pushed her thumb in, and all the while I was licking her very, very wet pussy and clit.

This was going somewhere spectacular, and I wasn't sure I could hold back anymore. 

I stopped for a moment and said "Should we maybe take a breather?" 

Melanie lifted her head, looked at me, and said "Are you nuts? I am so turned on I can barely hold back. If you don't start licking me again, I'm going to scream." 

She lowered her head back down, and this time moved it under me so that we could both be licking each other at the same time.

Now we got serious. Lick, lick, moan, moan, She spread my anus and stuck a thumb in there. I pushed my ass down hard on her face, and moved my mouth on her pussy harder and harder. We were both shaking.

I heard her squeal. I felt a huge quiver rise up inside me, and overwhelm my entire body. I tightened my ass, and she tightened her legs around my head, and we both came with a giant groan, our bodies stiffened, followed by whimpering and a total collapse, me on top of her, her melting below me. We were breathing so hard we couldn't talk. We just lay there for a couple of minutes catching our breaths. Then I rolled off Melanie, turned around, and gave her a deep kiss, her tasting of my pussy juice. I looked at her for a moment, then snuggled down next to her, and we almost instantly fell asleep.

That was the REAL beginning of college for me, and the first of many wonderful times spent in Melanie's bed.