 This isn't quite a story of my freshman year, it was my sophomore year, and Natalya and got small apartment together. One day, I was sitting at my desk, working on an essay. (Because it was a few weeks before my birthday, Natalya kept asking me what I wanted for my birthday. I had almost forgotten about my birthday; I was turning twenty, big whoop. But, Natalya wouldn't let me forget too long.) She came behind me asking again, and I told her we could just stay in and chill, it didn't have to be a big deal. She seemed a bit dejected and said okay.

So, the week passed and thinks went as usual. My birthday came, so I rented The Wiz and Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood (Yes, that's really the title), two of my favorite movies. I figured we'd just have a nice night in. I came in and it was dark. Okay, Natalya must me a little late coming from class, nothing big. I turned on the lights, and the room was flooded with red. So, now, I'm getting excited, looking around trying to see where she's hiding. I put down my bag and walk into the living room. There was a chair in the middle of the floor. I walked toward it and I felt hands of my waist.

"Just sit down and relax," she said, guiding me toward the chair.

When I sat down and finally got a look at her, I was blown away. She had on the sexiest, laciest teddy I have ever seen. I wanted to get up, but she pushed me back down. 

"Uh uh uh. Sit down and be a good girl." 

Oh shit! I was ready to do whatever she told me then. So, she starts some slow, sultry kind of music, I don't who it was. And she starts walking toward me. Her hips were moving so beautifully, she had this sexy look in her eye, and I knew she was just as turned on as I was. 

She gets to me and runs her hand in my hair, leans in real close and says, "I'm gonna make you feel so good." At this point, it's official; I'm a puddle, putty in her hands.

She's grinding her hips into my lap, her hair in my face, she smells wonderful. I reach around her waist and pull her into me, but she slaps my hand away.

"No touching, just enjoy." 

She turns around to straddle my lap and put her arms on either side of my head, leaning in, she plants one of those soft, delicate kisses that I love so much. She has this way of barely touching you, it's so . . . amazing. 

Now, I couldn't 'just enjoy' anymore; I needed to touch her, I wrapped my arms around that beautiful ass and she smiles into my mouth. Okay, so now I can touch (yay!) I wanted to just rip everything off her, but she made me slow down. We sat and kissed slowly until she broke the kiss. She walked me to the bedroom and pushed me back onto to bed. She starts slowly peeling out of the teddy, and my goodness, I could have come just watching her. I was so ready for her. She never broke eye contact, always having this sexy little smile that let me know that today was going to be a great birthday. 

She stood me up and started undressing me, lightly trailing kisses as she took things off. Her hands felt wonderful on me. She laid me back down on the bed, and crawled up beside me. She kissed my neck and all around my jaw and face. She finally kissed my lips and I couldn't help the moan that came from me. She parted her lips and I slipped my touch inside. She tasted like strawberries (nice!). She rolled on top of me and I ran my hands up and down her back. She started kissing her way down my body, stopping at my breasts and navel, gently nipping and licking. By this time, I was squirming around like crazy. Skipping my crotch all together, to my despair, she kissed from my thighs, all the way down my legs, and back up again, stopping just and inch from my pussy lips. She pause for just a second and looked up at me before dropping her head down. She gave me one of those barely there kisses and I almost came. Gently, slowly she began licking and kisses, probing and sucking. My head was spinning and I was on cloud nine, no cloud ten, eleven, shit I was on twenty! The orgasm hit me like a tidal wave. When I finally floated down from it, I opened my eyes to see her smiling down at me. 

"Baby, that was wonderful." I said, I almost cried.

"You're wonderful," she said, kissing my forehead. Then I did cry.

I started right then thinking up her birthday present.

*

Hope you all liked this installment. I really appreciate all of you who emailed me about the first two. Thank you; you are very encouraging. As always, you can email me, and your feedback is always welcome.