 Natalya and I had been dating for a little while, and I couldn't believe how happy this girl made me. She is truly a wonderful person, I was in love.

One day, I was on my way to class when my phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey, baby."

"Hey."

"Where are you?"

Thinking this was a silly question because she knew where I was going, I answered anyway.

"On my way to class. Why?"

"Because I got out of class early and I was wondering if you wanted to swing by and..."

"Oh! So this is a booty call? You should think less of sex and..."

"You think of sex just as much as me! So, come back home, 'cause you know you want to."

I really did, but I decided to play with her.

"I do not, and I'd be willing to put my money where my mouth is."

"What?"

"I'm willing to bet that you can't hold out longer than I can."

"Oh really," she said, laughing, "You got a deal. Now all we need is some parameters. How long are we goin' for?"

"As long as it takes, first to cave wins; loser buys dinner."

"Okay. You're on; have a nice day!"

"You too, sweetie. Bye"

I hung up the phone wondering why I had even bet her. She is the sexiest woman alive!

Though the 'bet' started as something cute to spice things up, it became a very real competition. Everyday, I'd see her, and want to just lay her out where she stood, but didn't. I'm sure she felt the same way. I'd see the way she looked at me when I liked my lips and the way she'd watch me move around the room. I don't know what made us deny ourselves like that, but it lasted for a month.

When it comes to academics, Natalya and I are opposites, I loved English and Math, she did well in Social Studies and Science. So, we tutor each other. Midterms were coming up and as usual, we were helping each other as much as we could. I was helping her with Math.

"You commin' over to tonight, right?" She asked, giving me this quick look that said she wasn't talking about school. But, as quickly as it came, it was gone. So, I told myself I was just imagining things, that I just really needed some.

"Yeah, you still need help on those problems?"

"What? ... Oh...Yeah...math. See you there." She shot me that look again, and walked away.

Now am I mistaking, or did she just tell me to come over and not study with her? I sure hoped so! That night, I decided that I wanted to end the bet, I needed to end the bet, or I might have emploded. Before going, I put on a little 'treat', well, a big treat -- a ten inch treat to be exact. Just incase I got the opportunity, I would be ready.

I walked over to her room and knocked on the door, books in hand. Nat answered the door, and my jaw dropped. She was wearing my favorite outfit, these little pink shorts and a matching tank top. It looked so sexy on her. I looked down then up, taking in her long legs (freshly shaven), round behind, thin waist, beautiful breasts. 

I looked at her, sure I must have been melting at her door.

"A -- Are you ready?"

"Oh yeah, I'm ready" 

With that, she turned and walked to her desk -- giving me a view of that bottom -- and sat down, crossing her legs.

I walked in, telling myself that I needed to maintain composure. I sat down, opened the book attempted to start the study session.

"What problems did you have trouble with? Baby, what probles? Natayla."

I look up and she's watching me like a piece of meat, biting the end of her pen, looking so good. 

"Um, the one's like number three."

"Okay, these can be worked out easier if you think of them in terms of..."

She got up and walked around the desk to where I was sitting, and all I could do was watch as she sat on top of the desk in front of me, her legs on either side of me.

"I think its time for a break, don't you?"

"Uh huh."

"Good. Pick me up."

As if by someone else's control, I stood up. She wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. I picked her up and she motioned to the bed. I obediently brought her to the bed and laid her down. She pulled me down on top of her. And we started kissing. That one kiss opened a flood gate. Soon we were pulling and groping and rubbing. I wanted her so bad, I could taster her. I pushed a finger in her, and she moaned, holding me closer. I was shock by how wet she was.

"Did I do this to you, baby?" I asked, pushing deeper in.

"Yessss" she said through clenched teeth.

After a second, I pushed in a second, she was raking her nails down my back and moaning. I was beside myself watching her.

She reached down my body, and found my strap-on. When her hand wrapped around it, her eyes got wide, and she started ripping at my belt, my button, then my zipper. Soon, she had my pant open and half way down my legs. How she did that so fast, I will never know. I stepped back and out of my pants. I looked at her on that bed, hair spread out over the pillow, eyes pools of lust, legs open, waiting. I climbed back on top of her and started kissing her again. Soon, she was pulling my waist toward her. 

"Tell me what you want, baby."

"I want...you...to...ahhhh!"

I pressed her clit roughly.

"To what, baby?"

"I want you to fuck me! Now!"

I pressed the head just outside her hole.

"You sure?"

"Oooooo yes, baby. I want you now."

I pushed just the head in and her eyes flew open. She looked me in my eye, the expression on her face so intense.

"More." She nearly growled.

My plan was to go slow, tease her, but that didn't work out. I couldn't hold out any longer. I slammed it into her, giving her all I had. She screamed and wrapped her legs around me, locking me in. We worked in rhythm; in and out, over and over. I felt like I was floating. Natalya's mother is half Spanish, and she spent her childhood in Spain. My favorite thing to hear when I'm with her is when she starts speaking Spanish. This time, I was blessed to hear to beautiful syllables.

We were in a frenzy. I could feel myself teetering on the edge, and I knew she was close too. I love watching her cum. It is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. This time was no exception, she held a little tighter and gave one last cry. I followed a second later. We floated above ourselves for a moment and came back down. When I opened my eyes, she was laying right there, looking beautiful.

"So, who won the bet?" She asked, laughing.

"I think we both did, cause that was amazing." I said, spent.

We fell asleep like that, tangled into each other. We woke up in the night and did it again, each time as good as the last.