 Sex sections are bookended with "~~~" again. Feel free just read those sections if the rest bores you. The first one is right after the "^^^^^" break.

Standard Boilerplate: Contains graphic lesbian sex to be enjoyed by legal adults. Characters not meant to resemble anyone fictional or real. 

Thanks for all the comments!



Quick recap: Against my better judgment, I had taken charge of a nice girl who was humiliated and stranded in my friend's gay bar by a menacing biker chick. Said biker chick was rapidly approaching us outside the bar as we left, her fist wound back and her intentions clear...



"I know your community corrections officer!" 

What...? Did you expect some deux ex machina stungun or rival biker gang to scare Angry Chick away? Maybe the whimpering girl behind me would turn out to be a ninja!? Or was I supposed to face my impending pounding with heroic resolve? In times of distress, my go-to responses are lying and legal threats.

A new amateur prison tattoo in WA probably meant an unexpected early release to community custody, which means automatic return for any new lawbreaking. Pure conjecture. Angry Chick could have simply wanted a tattoo that day. Still, the situational trajectory had her beating the living shit out of me, so I was willing to roll the hard six on any ploy that came to mind.

Angry Chick slowed doubtfully, apparently considering consequences. I pressed.

"We can have a conversation about public indecency and assault, or...?" Please think rationally you graceless brute?

"Or what, you stupid fucking cocksucker?" Is cocksucker more or less offensive in reference to a lesbian?

"Or, we could pretend nothing happened. No violence, no police, no harm and no foul. We never met you, and you never met us." Rub your two brain cells together and take the deal!

"Alright, bitch." She lumbered back across the street, cursing more quietly this time. I hurried the girl along.

"How do you know her parole officer?" She asked in earnest while we waited for the crosswalk. I hadn't ascertained yet whether she was dumb or artless. Turns out that she's really that initially trusting, despite some life experiences that should have jaded her.

"I don't. I lied. I lie frequently. Here's the garage." 

Matt the valet leered openly at what he thought was my "trick" for the evening. He moped away like a deprived child at Christmas when I asked him to just bring my car around. While we waited, I lectured her sternly on being so trusting and compliant - especially with strangers – and reprimanded that her dangerous vulnerability was the fault of her own poor decision-making.

Then she willing got into my car.

Apparently my words had affected her though. She folded her hands in her lap and hung her head again, honey-golden brown eyes staring unseeing at my glove box. My glove box where I kept hand cuffs, vibrators, a pussy whip, a gag...

Yes, I still wanted to fuck her. Even disheartened and distraught, she emanated sexy. Nonetheless - depraved as I am - I wasn't going to take advantage of this helpless girl and tried to keep my lust hidden. 

Unfortunately, the only two things that I can comfort sad girls with are physical intimacy or chocolate.

"You want to go out for some frosty chocolate milkshakes?"

She smiled at me.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

My girlfriend's alarm wakes me. I hate her alarm. And my bottom hurts.

She kisses my cheek before she leaves me. And she tells me to use the salve. I do and doze off again.

~~~I wake back up when I hear the shower. That gets me out of bed. I hustle into the bathroom. Shower sex!

My girlfriend is shampooing her hair. I wait for her to invite me in. She has long beautiful hair and legs. Her breasts are full and round. She keeps her pubic hair trimmed neatly. She likes mine to be shaved. I love her. I get impatient and say good morning.

"Good morning, my little naiad. Wanna get wet?" She holds out a hand to draw me in the large shower. I step inside. She hugs me into her wet body. I enjoy a good morning makeout in her arms. Then she cleans me up.

She washes my hair. Her hands are skilled. She gently massages the shampoo into my scalp. My eyes are closed against the soap. I feel her bring some bodywash to my side. I giggle when the cold tickles me. She laughs at that.

She's a bit more serious soon. I hear her turn off the handheld shower nozzle she was using. (There are two handhelds and several bodysprays. It's a big shower). She circles me and gets every inch with a washcloth. My body is completely washed from my forehead to my toes. She pauses behind me before touching my privates. She brings one arm under my boobs and holds me steady.

"How do you feel this morning, Little Naiad? Is your ass still sore?" She cares about me.

"It's not bad." I answer. It hurts, but I can live with it. Definitely worth it.

"Hmmmm," She slides a finger part way in. I moan. She wriggles her finger a bit. I feel it jolt deep in my pussy and moan more. "My dear girl, I believe those are moans of lust. Are we slightly more favorable toward backdoor play?" She presses her whole finger in. My knees buckle, but she has me.

"Yes. I like it." She removes the finger. Then she brings the washcloth between my legs and finishes washing me. I hear her walk back in front of me.

"Mmmmm. Good girl. I'll file that away. Meanwhile, you left something unfinished last night?" She puts pressure on my shoulders. I go to my knees on the padded rubber mat.

She places a hand on top of my head. I hear the water come back on. A cold blast hits my boobs. I gasp and shiver. My nipples are sensitive, so the cold is nearly painful. She turns the spray away instantly. She pets me with the hand on my head.

"I'm sorry, Kitten. Evidently the water had time to get cold. Hold on a sec and I'll...*evil chuckle*." The water warms, but I shiver again. I know that chuckle. That chuckle means my girlfriend thought of something wicked she's going to do to me.

It's never right away. I always have to wonder what she'll do. Her mood changes right away though. The hand on my head grips my hair. All the soap gets rinsed off me and warm spray hits me from all sides.

I can finally see again. A fiendish glint flashes in my girlfriend's green eyes. 

"Eat me." I dive into her red curls. She smells like lavender. She tastes like honey butter. I lick the inside of her petals and gather the sweet fluid. She's not in the mood for slow love.

"Deeper." She uses her grip on my hair to press my face tighter against her. I start licking faster and then plunging my long tongue as deep inside her as I can.

"Good girl, good girl. Keep going! Don't you dare stop, you darling little coquette!" I can tell she's close. She breathes really fast and moves her hips. She fights not to grind my face. I try to follow her movements and please her. 

"My clit, suck my clit!" I try. She's moving very fast. I manage to suck and lick to her rhythm.

She growls loudly when she cums. It's the sexiest sound in the world.

She also squirts every time on her first cum. Her hand keeps my head in place and I eagerly swallow and slurp. The taste is the same, but much stronger. She keeps pressed against my face through her cum. I'm careful to keep a mouthful.

She kneels facing me. She kisses me lovingly and aggressively. The taste of herself in my mouth turns her on more.

"Very good girl. I should be sated enough to play with you safely again now. Lay down on your back, Little Naiad." I lay full out on the matt and watch her. She adjusts the water to a very fine mist. A very hot fine mist. Some falls on me. Most just becomes steam. 

She steps out and does something with her phone for a minute. Although the mist doesn't burn, my body temperature goes through the roof. I lay writhing and sweltering.

She's back and smiling at me villainously. I quiver in response. I'm not scared of her or what she'll do. My girlfriend would never hit me or even call me names. She could. I wouldn't stop her. But she wouldn't really hurt me or let me be hurt. She just likes to...

She's on top of me before I can figure out my feelings. Her breasts rub against mine and her thatch brushes my thigh. She forces her tongue into my throat. She twists my nipples. Her knee is between my legs, pushing. Then she's biting my lips and jaw. She puts hickeys on my neck and chest. I squirm and whimper beneath her.

Then she flips us. I'm laying on my back on top of her. My bottom rests on her pelvis and my shoulder blades on her breasts. The hot mist coats me directly again. She spreads my legs open with hers. She plants her heels inside my knees to keep them open. Her fingers are in my pussy again, but just teasing me. I'm keyed up enough. I want badly to be filled. I feel like there's a fire in me. It needs to be put out.

"Comfy, Cutie?"

"Yeah, Baby."

"Articulate, Little Naiad. Do you like the water?

"Yes, but it's really hot."

"Do you want to get out and go to bed without cumming?"

"No! No, I want to cum!" I do.

She nuzzles my ear and whispers soothing things I don't understand. As long as she's touching me, I don't care. She takes the unused handheld nozzle and runs it over my cheeks, down my neck, across each of my nipples. It stops at my bellybutton. Cold water gushes out into my bellybutton and over my sides. 

The cold water surprises me. I kick and thrash, but she has my legs open and she's still touching me. The flow moves up my body to my nipples. And it's awesome. She moves the nozzle in figure 8s in rhythm with her fingers pumping in my pussy. Then the water stops and she tweaks and rubs my nipples in rhythm with her fingers pumping in my pussy. The hot mist is still hitting me, but it doesn't feel as intense anymore.

Her hand leaves my pussy. I tense, but she shushes me. Both hands play with my nipples. Then one hand leaves.

"Feel free to scream, my pretty girl." Her voice has the same wicked quality as her eyes, smile, and chuckle.

Freezing water jets into my hot pussy on a pulsing high pressure setting. I try to slam my legs shut but can't. The pressure is so high, I can't even keep my pussy closed. I thrash more, but she keeps me still enough that the nozzle stays on target. I do scream.

After the shock, I start liking it. The jets of water are aimed to hit my g-spot with each pulse. She starts touching me again. I'm so hot everywhere. Even my pussy doesn't feel cold itself. It's really hot too, just with cold inside? My screams turn to moans.

She pinches my clit lightly and lets go. Then again. And a third time. On the fourth time she pinches more tightly and holds my clit.

"Try this, Little Naiad."

She turns the nozzle to touch my clit. It feels like a liquid jackhammer. I start screaming again and I feel myself cumming. Quakes roll though me on top of her. I pass out with the intensity for a minute.~~~

I come to. My girlfriend is lifting me to my feet. She has the shower door slid open and all the water turned off except the cold water nozzle. Now it's just a cool spray. She holds me up and rinses me off again.

She puts me in a fluffy terrycloth robe, carries me back, and sits me up her bed. Then she goes to her phone. She grabs a Gatorade from the mini-fridge and tosses it to me. 

I sip it while she dresses. Much less fun than watching her strip. 

Once she's ready for work, she sits next to me on the bed and kisses me. All the fierceness is out of her now. Her kisses are sweet and mellow. She caresses my face and neck and she strokes my hair.

Then her darned alarm goes off again. I really hate it.

"Make sure you drink that whole Gatorade before you go back to sleep, Lazybones. And have another if you're still thirsty at all. I should be home by 6 o'clock. The girls'll be over for poker at 8. Be good, Sweetness. I love you."

"I love you too, Baby."

She kisses my cheek again and leaves for work.

I finish my Gatorade and nap for a bit. Soon I'm not sleepy anymore. I have the day off, so I grab another and wander into my study.

I didn't want a study. I told my girlfriend that. She said, "A woman must have money and a room of her own[.]" I told her that I didn't need a room. She frowned and repeated herself like she was quoting Gandhi or Yoda. I told her that was silly. Then she made me read this really boring book.

Now whenever she speaks in her "it is known" voice, I just nod along. It was a REALLY boring book.

I log into my MMORPG account, but it needs to update. (I am a gamer. I am not ashamed.) I'll tell you about my girlfriend's first time in my apartment while I wait.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

That night had been like the lamest real life GTA mission ever. I got better. Surprisingly, I was having a great night. We went to Denny's for milkshakes. My future girlfriend had chatted casually with me about my work, interests, and life history. It felt like a first date. I kind of didn't want her to take me back home. I was having a lot of fun. (Showing this gorgeous and sophisticated woman my tiny studio also worried me. It wasn't dirty or unsafe. It was just a very small single room in a respectable building near work).

On the way to my apartment, she asked about the "angry chick" - Vanessa - from earlier. Did she know where I lived? Did she have my number? Did she know where I work? Did she know my last name?

"Okay. I'm going to take you up to your place. After I leave, you throw the deadbolt and – if she discovers your address - don't let her in for any reason. If she calls, don't answer. Save the voicemails and texts though, because you may need to file a restraining order. Be very careful on your way to work. Make sure someone knows when you leave, what route you're taking, and when to expect you. Generally, be on your guard for a while. I doubt that she'll trouble you, but you should be safe."

"Kay." I didn't want to talk about Vanessa. She was a bad decision. We had only been on one date and only had sex twice. It was missionary style. There was no foreplay. Then she took me to a bar and poured that beer on me. I just wanted to forget her.

"Hey, don't worry. You'll be alright." The charming redhead winked at me. I really liked her. She was take charge and confident. But she wasn't mean. I'd never felt so well cared for before.

She walked inside with me. She took off her shoes after I kicked off mine. Then she turned away and started inspecting my door locks. 

I hung her jacket up and threw away the remains of my tee shirt. Then I slipped out of my skirt. I waited nervously for her to turn around. I hoped I'd please her.

She turned. Her viridian eyes were bright with pure desire when she took in my body. But she closed them. Then she tilted and shook her head, like a horse trying to get rid of flies.

"You need to put clothes on. Now Kiddo." She turned back to the locks again.

I'd never felt so rejected. And hurt. And confused. She told me I was pretty. She helped me. She took me out to eat. She escorted me home. She had been eyeing me all night. But she didn't want me?

"You don't want me?" I said to her back. Crap, that sounded so completely pathetic. She turned around to answer.

"Dammit, I don't have any chocolate." I had no idea what she meant, but she was hugging me. Everything was good again.

I wrapped my arms around her waist and snuggled in close. She held my cheek to the hollow of her neck. She smelled and stroked my hair. She rubbed my back. Then her hands were on my shoulders and gently pushing me away. She looked down at me, not unkindly.

"Of course I want you. You are remarkably attractive, Sweetheart. However, you've also had an emotionally upsetting night and you're probably too shaken up to make smart decisions. You seem like a demure, tractable girl and I don't want to take advantage of your gratitude. So you need to get some clothes on and afterward we can talk for a little while."

I dressed. It's not what I wanted, but – looking back – she was probably right. We sat on my bed and talked. She wrote her cell phone number on her card. She told me to call her in couple days and we'd talk about going on a date.

"Good night, Angel." She said. She touched my cheek. Then she left me.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Weaving through traffic on the 5 to "Brain" by N.E.R.D.S., I'd be a touch late for work. Shower play was worth it. 

There's an accident ahead and a forty minute wait, according to the flashing yellow sign. Sucks for them, but great for me. I call in to work and tell them I'm stuck in the jam on the 5 south.

I'm essentially parked, so I check my work email. Nothing immediate. My personal email has a message with the subject line "check this shit out;)" from Teeg.

Teeg's fucking crazy. She holds down and excels at a job as a software engineer, she's hella funny, and I'd trust her with my life. All that notwithstanding, she's fucking crazy.

She was streaking when we met, and running away from the campus police at UW. "No More Destruction" was scrawled on her back, so I assume she was protesting deforestation or war or whatever. Luckily for her, she's an ardent runner and athlete. She quickly outpaced her fellow protesters and was the only person in sight when I pulled over to let her in. 

"Fuck. Thanks." She's never been traditionally eloquent.

Hard body, spiked purple hair, lots of large cat tattoos. Hot. I looked her up and down and raised an eyebrow.

"Fuck. Yeah." Eloquence is overrated.

We went back to my dorm and missed three days of classes having stupefyingly good sex, until she headed out for a mud run. Although we've been friends since and engaged in some group and casual sex together, we don't usually do anything more than swap war stories. I suspect one's on the video she sent me.

She's much more into hardcore BDSM than I am. That may be subjective. I absolutely enjoy the D/s portion, granting that I don't ritualize it as much as might be considered customary. (No judgment, I just like the control without the rigidity.) Bondage and S&M elements are arousing or utilitarian for me as they contribute to the control. If you think of BDSM as an XYZ matrix, I'm deep in the VI octant.

Teeg would be deep in the III octant. She doesn't care much about dominance (switch) and will use bondage as a restraint to senses or movement, but doesn't elevate it to an art. (Again, no judgment, just not my thing or hers). She is very into sadomasochism. 

Fair warning then, you may not want to read the next part. I'm not entirely sure I want to see it.

~~~The video opens on mostly naked Teeg flashing rock gestures and sticking her tongue out like the lead singer in KISS. (Her hair is green this week.) She's wearing a 10+ inch strapon. She steps back and a second woman becomes visible. 

The second woman is tied spread eagle to a horizontal surface that isn't a bed. Based on the muffling on her voice, I'm guessing she's wearing a muzzle gag. It's hard to tell, because she's definitely hooded. The blindfold portion of the leather hood is open and her brown eyes dart all over the room, particularly to the camera and something out of frame on the right. She has a death grip on a small rubber toy in her right hand. (A safety object, I'm guessing.)

The camera zooms in on her body. There are weighted clamps on her nipples, labia, and clit. The bindings on her wrists and ankles are leather cuffs with d-rings attached to loose nylon ropes. She can partially sit up, partially roll to her sides, or partially lift her lower body, but not any two at once. 

The camera zooms back out and is placed on a tripod. Teeg lopes to the leather table and begins tickling the bound woman. She pitches and rolls, chest heaving and clamps tugging on the most vulnerable points of her body. 

Teeg, either satisfied with her work or bored with that stage, walks back to the camera and zooms out to see both the bound woman and a fondue pot filled with caramel syrup. Teeg jumps in the shot. She dips her hand in to the wrist and holds it for about three minutes, gritting her teeth but not in much pain. When she removes her hand, sticky caramel drips down her wrist. The hand itself is red, but doesn't look scalded.
