 Continuation of "My GF; Fucking & How We Met" and not recommended as a standalone work. If you do just want to read some sex scenes (or like to "prepare" for them ;), they're bookended with ~~~.

Fictional story containing graphic lesbian sex.




I run back upstairs and put on some clothes. I'm now wearing my matching "I don't want to be no furry-footed burrower!" Dexter tee shirt with my Dee Dee yoga pants. Oh, that's over a bra and garter set my girlfriend bought.

The hookah takes a bit of time to prep, so I head out to the balcony. I swear I had no ulterior motive. Overhearing her friends wasn't planned, but they're staying outside on the porch so that Teeg can smoke a cigarette. And so Nic can pinch one.

"Well, where's her better half?" Adrianne's voice asks.

"Yeah," Teeg continues, "She needs to be in Kay's lap, giving away her hole cards. Did she have to work?"

"No," Nic answers, "Based on Kay's text, she's probably upstairs dozing. And you, Teeg, you'd better be on your best behavior. Jenny saw your fondue performance and apparently it freaked her out.

"Teeg! You sent that to Jenny?" Melody rebukes.

"No, of course not. I wouldn't." Teeg protests.

"She didn't. Jenny saw it on Kay's computer. Then Kay spent the afternoon 'comforting' her. Hence the dozing." Nic answers again.

"How's Jenny dealing with that?" Melody asks, "Not Teeg's thing, but Kay's libido. Just living with her and her appetite was intense enough, I can't imagine being the object of her cravings. She's a functioning sex addict, isn't she?" 

The group pauses, waiting for Adrianne to weigh in as the psychiatrist. I could leave, but I'm now very interested.

"Sexual addiction is a behavioral diagnosis, usually with destructive cheating or professional interference as symptoms. It's not a conventional disease like the mumps. Kay definitely has a higher than average sex drive, but there's no evidence to call her an addict." I sigh with Adrianne's answer.

"What's it matter?" Teeg asks, "Isn't that the point of Kay getting herself a cute little subbie?"

And Teeg takes away my calm.

"What the fuck, Teeg?!" Nic shouts. By the slapping sound and the howl, I guess she wacked Teeg's arm.

"What? Is 'subbie' an offensive term?" Teeg questions.

"Yes, it's offensive," Melody answers in shock, "It's not true either."

"Oh, c'mon. Kay's been so damned happy that I don't even mind losing a first-rate fuck buddy over it, but let's call a spade a spade," Teeg maintains. "It's not even just how dominant Kay is sexually. Jenny doesn't drive. She only leaves on her own for work or yoga, and then in Kay's car service. She's not allowed her own friends and Kay's all over her when other people are around. Kay doesn't let her drink or smoke anything. Kay makes all their decisions. Jenny's a submissive." 

Maybe Teeg's right? Most of what she said wasn't. I don't like alcohol. Marijuana could get me fired from the hospital. My girlfriend has offered repeatedly to buy me a car and teach me to drive. She did ask that I stop taking the bus in favor of the car service, but she's never told me where I can or can't go. 

She likes my pussy shaved. (My girlfriend does the shaving herself. She says she's very fond of my pussy and doesn't like the idea of me having a blade near it.) But she offered to keep hers shaved too, if I wanted. (I like her red bush.)

She's never actually forbid anything. Except today, when she said no hoods, gags, or clamps.

I do like that she makes decisions though, and looks after me around people. I love how controlling she is in bed.

"You need to learn to shut the fuck up when you don't have all the details, Teeg." Nic responds. She knows about me. She guessed one day and I blushed, so she knows. Adrianne knows too, because my girlfriend asked her for advice. But no one else knows.

"What details would those be, Miss Nic?" Melody likes gossip.

"Look, they're good together," Adrianne breaks in, "If Kay's slightly overprotective of the only girl she's ever cared about and Jenny hero-worships Kay some, it's not our business."

"Fine. I want to talk about Anne and her Dear Jane letter anyway." Melody says by way of changing the subject.

"What?!" Nic likes gossip too.

"You didn't hear? Sebastian broke up with Anne by post two days ago." Melody confirms.

"And good fucking riddance to the galling prat." My girlfriend's back! "You guys want to help me carry all the food and drinks up to the balcony?"

"Do you think you could be a leetle nicer at Anne's homecoming party, Kay?" Nic's hosting a party for Anne on Friday at her Seattle bar.

"Forget nice. Each time that eco-twat spoke, I wanted to pave a rainforest to make room for a coal-powered, greenhouse gas emitting factory that manufactured uranium assault rifles." My girlfriend can be mean about people who bug her. 

"Maybe you could just not talk on Friday, Kay?" Melody suggests.

"Probably wise," She agrees walking in the front door.

Questions aside, I hurry up and actually get the hookah set up. My girlfriend will light it. I'm not great with fire. She's never cared that I'm uncoordinated.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I woke up in her arms after our first night together. She got us coffee and donuts on the way to dropping me off at work.

Terribly nervous, I managed to embarrass myself by spilling my coffee. 

"Oh shoot!" Hot, sticky coffee went all over the dashboard and floorboard of her nice car.

"Are you okay? Did you burn yourself?" She rubbed the back of my neck soothingly with one hand while pulling into the hospital parking lot.

"My hand, a little. It's not even red though. I'm so sorry!" I started trying to mop up the mess with the little napkin that came with the coffee. 

"It's okay, Cutie," she kept rubbing my neck as she pulled into a space, "Trust me when I tell you that this car is well scotch-guarded. I'll drop through a car wash between here and work. Easy-peasy. Go ahead and take my coffee with you. I'll pick up another."

I looked down at the huge mess I caused. It took me weeks of knowing her to realize that she honestly didn't care about "little things that won't matter in a year anyway."

"Give me your hand, Sweetness. I'll kiss it and make it better." She took my offended hand and kissed it. It should have been a cute gesture. "Mmm...What time do you take lunch?"

She wanted to take me to lunch!

"12:30, but it's only for a half hour."

"See you then." She kissed me bye. More sexually-charged than I expected.

I floated through the next six hours of work. I didn't even notice lunchtime.

"That's okay," I heard her tell my coworker at the pharmacy window. "I want the cute blonde sorting pills." 

She winked at me from the front of the service line. My coworker went on to help a real patient. I ran out the employee door and hugged her right in the hospital without thinking about it first.

"Hey, Cutie. I brought chicken fajitas." She handed me one. We ate and walked.

They were really yummy. I finished mine in like three bites.

"Did you want a tour of the hospital or something?" It was still almost a whole half hour until I had to work again.

"Why don't you show me the employee restroom, Sexy?" She took my hand.

"Oh. Of course. It's a single, so there may be a wait. It's right up there, though, if you need to go." I pointed it out.

"No, Pretty Girl," she whispered to me, "I need to set you on the sink and make you cum so hard that you'll have to bite your lip to keep from screaming."

My blush spread so the tips of my ears seared. She nipped one and whispered to me again.

"You're not really ready for sex in public, huh Gorgeous? Too bad, because you're even more adorably fuckable when you blush. I'll settle for a makeout session in my car, though. My windows are tinted and I promise not to go beneath your scrubs."

"Alright!" That I could do. 

We hurried to her car. She opened the passenger side for me, but popped the seat. That confused me. I hopped in the back anyway. 

She followed in after me and put me on my back. She brushed my hair carefully off my neck and away from where she rested her elbow.

"You're so damnedably pretty." My eyes shifted away from the intensity of her green ones to the fullness of her mauve lips. She touched my face with the back of her hand and followed with a kiss. Her pretty red hair fell in my face. It smelled of lavender and formed a thick, but soft, curtain around me. She tucked it behind her ears. Some escaped anyway as we kissed.

True to her word, she made no attempt to do reach under my scrubs. She did press her knee between my legs. She rocked her thigh into my pussy while grinding herself on my thigh. I was wet and ready for more contact, but also glad she restrained herself at my work.

I reached up to loosen her hair again. Her lips curved into a smile, but the kissing continued. I love feeling her smile and knowing that I'm making her happy. She broke off briefly to shake her hair free and then her tongue was back in my mouth and her pressure was back at my pussy.

Her stupid alarm went off. That was the exact moment I began hating her alarm.

"That...*kiss*...means...*kiss*...you have five minutes...*longer kiss*...to get back to work." She rolled us into a sitting position. And snickered.

Self-consciously, I tried to think of what I'd done.

"No, Cutie. It's me. I got my lipstick all over your chin. Here." She took out her pocket square and wiped my face. "Do you like strapon sex, Gorgeous?"

That caught me off guard, but I sputtered and managed to nod.

"We could go to a sex shop later?" My blush may have been a deeper red than her hair. "No sex shops either then? Well, tell me what you like. Length? Girth? Texture?...Plaid, maybe? Whatever turns you on, Pretty Girl, I'll be putting it inside you."

"I dunno." The number of options daunted me and I wasn't very sure what I'd like. I never actually saw Vanessa's strapon in the dark. Deana didn't use one. I didn't really like Brittany's. Of course, it was the first time either of us had tried one.

"Why don't I just take a guess for today, Cuddles? Trial and error might be more fun anyway. Can I pick you up and take you back to your place at 7?"

"Yes!" She stepped out of the car with me and squeezed my hand before she drove off. I ran back inside the hospital to the pharmacy.

If I floated through the morning, I fluttered through the afternoon. A beautiful, smart woman liked me and wanted to have good sex with me. Yatta!

She met me in the waiting room and led me to her car again. She opened my door. In the passenger's seat sat a white boutique bag with tissue poking out of the top. "Lovers" was written in dark purple on the side. I sort of naturally put the bag in my lap.

Her hand went to my thigh. She rubbed lightly as we left the hospital.

"You can open it, Playmate."

She'd bought some heating lube, a new harness with an agitator, and a dildo. The dildo was called "Leisure Purple: The Curve" and was the same color as the text on the bag. The package said it was 100% silicone, 6" long, and 1.375" in diameter. A completely smooth, curving cylinder. It didn't really even look that much like a dick. I think she got it to not scare me. It didn't seem like her at all.

"Aww...Thank you, Baby."

"Think you can handle that?" Her fingers slid into my underwear.

"I can handle more than that." I didn't want her to think I was a wimp.

"Alright then, Cowgirl. Pull out the bag behind your seat." Reaching back was tricky. Her right arm blocked my left while she fingered me. I managed to reach the other "Lovers" bag with my right. 

Inside was a 9" long, 2.5" wide, Mr. Johnson Ultra Realistic in black. I blanched.

"Not quite so brave now, are we Goldilocks? It's okay. Try the bag behind my seat." Her hand left my pants long enough for me to get the third bag, but went right back to touching me.

In that bag, she'd purchased a Tantus Flurry in Candy Pink. 7" long, 1.5" wide, it had two large ripples near the head. She was spot on, it was just right. Suddenly, I wanted to be home with her.

"Where are we going, Baby?" I noticed that we didn't seem to be on the normal route to my apartment.

"To your place. I'm just taking the long way. Open the package and check the Flurry out." I did. It was soft to the touch, but too hard to bend. I liked it.

She took her hand from my pussy and carefully licked her fingers. I continued to play with and fondle the Flurry in my lap while she drove intently for dozens of blocks. 

Impulsively, I took the head in my mouth a bit to taste it.

"That'll do, Sexy. We're good." She turned back toward my apartment and raced through two pretty questionable yellow lights on the way.

She parked at my place and gathered the bags.

"Beautiful, I'm going to need to take the Flurry," she held her hand out and I parted with my new toy, "Don't worry, I'll be giving it right back to you – after a fashion," she winked.

~~~Once inside my apartment, she kissed me quickly and gave instructions.

"Get undressed - completely - and lay on your side on your bed." She stripped as well, then took out the harness and hooked the Flurry into the o-ring.

"Like what you see, my little Goldilocks?" She'd caught me looking as she strutted over to the bed.

She laid facing me and began nuzzling and canoodling me. Her hands played along my body. I touched her too; her large firm boobs, her hard abs, her broad shoulders and strong arms, and the curve of her back running to her two perfect buns. I felt the strapon between us against my belly, but she seemed in no hurry to use it. In fact, her fingers went to my pussy.

"Do you...do I need lube, Baby?" I couldn't help worrying that there would be something wrong, but I felt her smile again on my jawline as she kissed me.

"Are you familiar with the term 'drop in the bucket,' my wet girl?" She returned to my face and her leisurely pace.

"Then, should I-" She cut me off with a peck on the lips.

"You should relax. We have all night, and I want to play with you." She rolled me on my back without surrendering my lips. My chest and hips rose and fell uncontrolled. Coherent thought was lost to me at that point. I just gave myself over to her and enjoyed the sensations of her fingers between my legs and her mouth on mine.

Amidst moans, hers and mine, I felt up the breasts hanging above me. I was growing ever more secure with her and became even more excited making her gasp as I rolled and squeezed her long pink nipples.

My legs spread wide with her between them. I tried to wrap them around her and draw her in, but she slipped down my body and laid her head on my tummy. I dropped my legs and groaned in frustration.

"You're sexy when you're all needy and sulky, Kitten." Her words vibrated against my belly. She kissed and nibbled my hip bones and upper thighs while she tickled the backs of my knees. 

My soaked pussy was ignored entirely. I just stroked her wild hair for as long as I could take the torment silently. I didn't understand yet how much she enjoyed teasing me when the mood took her.

"Baby, I do need you." 

Her head popped up from the inside of my upper thigh. She launched herself up the bed and laid on her side alongside me. I kept glancing over at her face. She just circled my areolas with the lightest of feathered touches.

"What's the magic word, Angel?" I whimpered at her delicate caresses.

"Pleeeeeeeease!" I begged emphatically and shamelessly.

"Aww, that was cute, Pretty Girl. 'Please.' But 'please' isn't really a magic word for you is it?" Warm breath tickled my ear. She accentuated the word "please" in her whisper each time by tweaking my nipple in addition to her tortuously airy strokes, "You say 'please' to your patients for their prescriptions, and 'please' to the checkout girl for plastic, and 'please' to the bus driver at your stop. I'll need more than 'please' if you want to be fucked to satisfaction."

"Pretty please?" I pleaded out vocally and with my eyes.

"Damn, but you're sweet." She chuckled and spread herself over me, her body weight and hands on me and her lips caressing mine forcefully. We broke for breath, "'Fuck.' Your magic word is 'fuck.' Ask me to fuck you, and I will."

"What?"

"Tell me *hard kiss* you want me *hard kiss* to fuck you." Her breathing was labored. She put a love bite on my collarbone. Her patience was limited.

"Please...fuck me, Baby?" I panted out. Saying the words at her insistence felt oddly liberating.

Her lips found mine again. The Flurry poised above me for the shortest of seconds before gently entering me second by second to the base in a single long push.

Once the strapon drove fully inside of me, I unwound and enjoyed. She held for nearly a minute. Her kisses were sweet and loving.

"Are you good, Kitten?" Her tongue snaked in my ear. I nodded against her cheek.

Her hips moved in steady thrusts that I rose to meet. I held onto her supple cheeks to pull us together. We found our harmony and friction. My excitement climbed.

Vanessa had been so brutish and fast. Brittany never established a rhythm. My girlfriend is just right.

"Good girl, very good girl." She petted me and nibbled my neck. 

We "fucked" like that. She stayed gentle and caring. Her hand went to my clit. Soft touches deepened my pleasure. I built progressively to the satisfaction she'd promised.

My whole body seemed to tighten and flex. Warmth in my tummy spread to my toes and fingers. 

She knew how close I was. Her speed increased. Her thrusts shortened. The angle changed. The Flurry with its lovely ridges rubbed over and butted my g-spot. Her thumb maintained the soft caresses of my clit.

"Arrrrhaaaaaaaaahuuuuu!" My body shattered into a blissful orgasm and I drifted into a wonderful haze.

The fog dispelled somewhat. She smiled down at me.

"I guess you like the Flurry, Sexy?" It was still buried in me.

"Yes!" As fully relaxed as I was, I could feel the tension still constricting her body. 

"Can you take any more?" Her finger barely traced my uber-wet and uber-sensitive folds. A line of sparks followed wherever it went.

"Yeahhh." I wanted more. And I wanted her to cum too.

Her strokes restarted, though her free hand went between her own legs. Her eyes closed and I was able to see her face at leisure for the first time. Her eyebrows are heavy and arched, her cheek bones high and defined, her nose straight and slightly arched, her lips curving and full. She's so beautiful. She's mine.

Her moans and sighs rose in volume and pitch as she rode me to her orgasm. She seemed so engrossed and driven, like she was taking precisely what she knew she wanted precisely how she wanted it. 

She reached her climax above and inside me. Her shudders reverberated into me. She rumbled out her triumph and her fluids leaked onto my thigh. She collapsed onto me, cuddling me for a few minutes.

~~~"Fu-uck, Sexy!" She tossed the Flurry and harness on the floor and draped me over her. "You feel like some Chinese?"

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

After setting an armload of Smirnoff Ice Green Apple, Mike's Hard Cranberry Lemonade, Jack Daniel's and Ginger, Crispin Hard Cider, and Redd's Strawberry Ale on the balcony table, I light the charcoal for the hookah and turn on "She's a Lady" by Tom Jones. I casually wonder at my girlfriend. She's leaning on the balcony railing and gazing at the out at the Puget Sound.

Her pretty little face is all scrunched up and frowny and her shoulders and feet are set. Something's bugging her, but it could anything from an anime ending badly to the mysteries of the universe. If she wants my opinion, she'll ask when she's ready. Meanwhile, she's so cute when she attempts seriousness that I just wanna have her.
