 Continuation of "My GF; Fucking & How We Met" and not recommended as a standalone work. The opening scene may be fun for all cummers, but you'll likely get very lost soon after without having read the earlier chapters.

Fictional story containing graphic lesbian sex.

My girl lays spread eagle, cuffed to my king-sized bed. Scarves are tied around the bedposts, the four sets of pink fur cuffs attached to her limbs, and over her honey-golden brown eyes. Only a thin bedspread covers her hot, naked body. 

Nic did a great job of rendering her helpless without causing fear of pain, danger, or stiffness for several hours. Tying the scarves to the cuffs - instead of to her slim wrists and ankles directly - means no risk of circulation damage and that she can untie herself a limb at a time if things go awry. I should remember to send Nic a fruit basket or something.

Although fantasies about bondage play with her have beleaguered me, I've never felt right about doing it. She's so obedient sexually that tying her down seemed unnecessarily cruel, but - since she volunteered - I'll accommodate happily and perform on her vulnerable body. 

The blindfolding scarf though, that's the Golden Fleece. That's what frees me. If she can't plead with her eyes-

"Baby?" She must sense me staring from the door frame.

"How did you know it was me?"

"You smell like you," she giggles.

"Ah." Nic smells of the cologne Dr. Hartford buys. I, of course, smell delicately of lavender, because she likes it.

I smile and seat myself on the edge of the bed so that I can stroke her long blonde hair.

"This is so sweet and very sexy of you." A chaste kiss emphasizes my point. "Are you comfy, Cutie?"

"Mmm hmm." She smiles at my praise.

"You know that I love you and you mean the world to me?"

"I love you, too?" She also knows that a qualifying question like that usually comes right before or after I get forceful.

~~~"Good. I want you to keep that in mind. Remember while I'm teasing your defenseless body until you think your pretty little head will explode that you arranged this yourself of your own volition. You knew full well that I'd abuse the privilege. My little captive."

Even under the bedspread, I see her full-body shiver.

I stand and remove my clothes, not making a show of it since she can't see, but tossing each article onto the bedspread so that she can hear and feel me get naked. So slowly and so painstakingly I pull the bedspread down to reveal one blemish-free inch of her skin at a time. 

She has a rosy blush all over her outstretched body, so I only take a few moments to take advantage of peering at the lower half of her delicate face, the extent of her smooth arms and legs, the slope and shape of her supple b-cup breasts, the flat surface of her trim tummy, and the open flower of her beautiful pussy. I look away quickly though, knowing how easily embarrassed she becomes.

I've licked every inch of her body. I've spanked her, talked dirty to her, and tickled her. I've fucked her orally, vaginally, and anally, with dozens of different implements, placed in endless positions, in every room of my house, and several places in my car. Nothing makes my girlfriend blush like me or anyone else continuously looking at her without interaction. Naked or clothed, stranger or friend, she gets very uncomfortable and squirmy. Causing her to twist that way is more maltreating than teasing though, so I knock it off straightaway.

Crawling onto the bed and over her on all fours, I bend my neck to kiss those malleable lips in a much less chaste fashion. I note simultaneously that her time spent bound and awaiting me has already caused her arousal to begin flowing. I keep kissing her while I wet a finger in her fountain, then stop to fingerpaint her lips with her own flavor.

I giggle in a rather undignified manner as she quickly licks her lips. I repeat the process of dipping and painting, and she licks it right off again like Dr Pepper lip gloss. The next time I paint all over her upper lip. I guffaw as she shamelessly manages to lick her juice even from the bottom of her nose with her quick little tongue.

Then I paint the insides of her nostrils, and watch in amusement as she tosses her head and stretches her tongue, snorting and pouting as she can't reach in her nose, try as she might.

"That's not nice," she grumbles to me.

"I don't think you're grasping the whole 'teasing your defenseless body' concept, Little Captive." I laugh at the ridiculous face she's making as she wrinkles and wiggles her nose, half-hidden behind the scarf. "And this is the part where I am being nice. I'm creating a proper bouquet for you while you're all tied up."

That said, I reach to my moistened pussy and add my wetness to hers in her nostrils. Since my scent and taste are stronger to her than hers, I know it must be even more irritating. She's wise enough to pout silently this time, so I nip my girlfriend's shoulder to help her let the whimper out.

I rise to straddle her rib cage. Playing aimlessly with her breasts and rolling her nipples, I get her moaning for me and fog her mind.

"Mmmmm...teasing you has me all hot and bothered, Little Captive. What should we do about that?"

Her head pops up and her tongue sticks out, all enthusiasm and no subtlety. I adore her.

I've no intention of making things so simple though.

"Lay your head back down, Kitten." I pet the hair on the crown of her golden head, then tangle my hand in her messy locks. I grip, but don't pull.

Scooting forward, I plant my knees next to her ears and begin nosily masturbating above her. She strains to lift her head to help out, but my grip keeps her head on the comfy pillow, trapped by her gorgeous hair like Absalom.

In its own way, pleasuring myself so near her may be worse than bringing her to the edge over and over without letting her cum. The smell of my excitement affects her in the same way that the smell of smoke does most people, rousing an inexorable urge to find the source and quench the fire.

I don't plan to actually get myself off of course, but she's begging before I get a second finger inside. I think she's come to think of my climaxes as her responsibility, which is cute.

"Baby, please? I want to do that."

"Uhhhha, do what, Playmate?"

"Please you."

"Awww, Pretty Girl, you're pleasing me just fine."

"But it's my job to, to..."

"Your job to what, Darling? You're a pharmacy tech and I don't need any pills."

"To make you cum. It's my job to make you cum. And I want to."

My hand releases her hair to pet her while my other hand takes hold of the headboard. My knees are still too close together for her face to reach my dripping pussy. She exclaims, "Belgium!" [a SciFi ultimate swearword --Nic] and tries to inveigle her way up. I giggle again as her nose and the cashmere scarf tickle my inner thighs.

"Alright, Hotness." With both hands on the headboard to take my weight, I lower myself onto her waiting tongue and press her head back down to the pillow.

Her eager tongue goes mad, licking my folds, thrusting inside me, flicking my clit, and sliding through my wetness seemingly all at once.

"Good girl! Good, good, ah-AH, very good girl!" I'm careful to let her breathe and not smash her pretty face, but I feel the tightening, lovely cramping from my knee caps up through my ripping abs and tensed shoulders. "Fuck, that tongue, ack!"

My hips jerk and my breath hitches. I struggle not to just mash into her, primarily because I don't want it that way with her. Also, I know the sex'll be better if I let her do "her job" the way she wants.

Her hot little mouth closes around my clit, sucking hard and staying with me.

"Good, right, yes. Uhhh, FUCK! Just there, Beautiful!"

My hands have a death grip on the headboard and my muscles strain to keep my sex hovering above her sweet face. Her tongue flexes on my clit from beneath, opening the floodgates and setting off Old Faithful with a resounding growl to shower her mouth and chin in cum.

"Yes, my little captive, that's definitely your job." I slump backwards off her and lay my head on her thigh. "You're fucking tenured, Kitten." 

I rest like that for a time, my head pillowed on her firm, warm thigh and an arm stretched under her legs to hold the underside of her other knee. The fragrance of her love overtakes me and I doze in the relaxation of her. 

Her legs start to twitch and I realize that she's tapping her feet. Poor baby is still all tied up and horny, but has the good sense not to complain verbally.

"Aww, Hotness, do you need some attention?" I turn my head to lazily lick the inside of her thigh.

"Please, Baby?" If she's not aware that it's going to be harder than that, she should be.

In response, I kneel between her legs and kiss the ticklish skin of her smooth knees, then the sensitive skin of her supple thighs, then the outer lips of her quivering pussy. Her incendiary mewling and frustrated groans continue as I nibble and lick back down to her knees and kiss back up to her center a few more times. 

On my final upswipe, I curl the sides of my tongue to scoop up a dollop of her cream. I crawl up her bound body, gently hold her mouth open, and tongue-kiss her flavor to her to mix with mine.

"Savor that for a few moments, Little Captive." I whisper to her while she moans and raises her hips as high as her bondage allows. "Let's get you cleaned up a bit before we get to the main event."

I grab the baby wipes from my nightstand and wash the drying cum off her fey face. She's going to be tied down for me for awhile and I don't want my girlfriend to feel all grubby.

A quick search finds her cell phone in the pocket of her discarded pants. I walk back toward the bed to get my wireless headphones-

"Baby?" She doesn't do quiet or detached well.

"Yes, my little captive?" I pull up her atrocious pop collection. The music selection is to get her motor going faster, making my taste less material so long as I choose songs I know from her dancing around my house.

"I, I'm, you're-? You're not going to leave me here like this?" That would be cruel. I'm sort of amazed that she managed to be tied up alone for a few minutes while Nic left the room. There's certainly no need to leave her stewing and restless alone.

"No, Beautiful." I lean over the bed, cup her delicate chin, and kiss her slowly and lovingly while relishing our mingled tastes in her mouth. "I'm just completing my sensory optimization for you. You will see, smell, taste, hear, and feel only and exactly what I want you to experience."

I put on Katy Perry's "Dark Horse" in the earbuds for her to start listening while I cut together a quick playlist of a dozen other pop songs ending with Jay-Z's "Holy Grail" for a finale. The music -- which she customarily blasts -- is loud enough in the noise cancelling headphones so that I can hear it and she can't hear anything else. The song is mostly over by the time I have the playlist and my implements lined up.

{Do you dare to do this?}-{Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse}

My lips return to hers for some more unhurried kissing, but my fingertips on her breastbone can feel her heart race and when Katy sings "once you're mine, there's no going back" for the last time; there really isn't.

{Can't stop, coming in hot}-{I should be locked up right on the spot, it's so on right now}

The kissing intensifies and my hand goes to her neglected pussy. My oral efforts are timed to the lyrics while my manual skills stay with the baseline. So when Pink sings "dirty little freaks," I pull out of our kiss briefly to flicker my tongue on her pretty pink lips and pearly white teeth while two fingers keep drumming her g-spot to the beat.

Then the song ends and so do my manipulations of her body. She has just enough time to whimper in protest before the next song in the queue starts and I resume teasing her with an entirely different tactic.

{I'm lifted and I like it}-{Boy, you've got me inspired}

I ignore her yearning pussy, despite her none too faint signs of need. My fingers instead pinch and tweak her nipples in time to the beat and I "make the most of life" as Mariah suggests by oh so tantalizingly, patiently, and dominatingly decelerating our kiss. She whimpers, mewls, and bucks under me, but that turns me on even more.

By the song's end, her haste has her screaming frustration into my smiling mouth.

{Got me so high, and then she dropped me}-{But she got me, she got me, she got me bad}

Kneeling again between her now shaking legs, I fingerbang her to the song's rhythm while my lips and tongue move wetly all across her torso. I pause to leave a bright hickey on her soft, pale skin each time Adam Lavine sings out "lucky strike" to elicit sharp intakes of breath between her labored panting. 

The song ends and her "body rocking" continues although my fingers stop and she doesn't have "me inside" her anymore.

"Baby, ple-E-ease no? I'm so close!" she begs, but the song is over and I'm already switching positions.

{Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bass?}-{Got that super bass}

My heat is directly over hers with my thighs spread over hers in the cowgirl position. For this song, I run my fingernails all over her body in the lightest of scratches while I hump into her to the booming baseline. Her hips try to hump back, but she's got nothing but cool air against her wide open pussy for all that she can feel what must be like steam coming off mine.

Somewhere in the song, she gives up begging and her sounds are an animalistic mix of inarticulate whimpers and moans. Her need under my control drives me and makes me unbelievably hot.

{You gimme some of you, I give you some of me}-{You look good, baby must taste heavenly}

Passed my boiling point, instead of just going down on my hypersexed girlfriend, I turn around to get into a 69 with her. Hands supporting my weight on the mattress, I back into her mouth while leaning forward to sample her "recipe" in an extended pussytease session with nips to her lips designed to further her sweet torture rather than provide her sweet release.

She, on the other hand, seems relatively earnest -- if distracted -- in her attempt to get me off ASAP. She fails to close the deal before the music dies and positions change out of the 69 and into a reverse cowgirl over her pretty mouth.

{Excuse me, I don't mean to be rude}-{But, tonight I'm fucking you}

Her vexed groan vibrates into me as I sit back up. I rub her tight, hard, pink nipples back and forth with the solid pressure of my thumbs to the lyrics while her talented tongue matches my pelvic thrusts to the beat. Luda's got me rolling my hips over her lips "on the springs" with me falling further for her. 

My orgasm approaches with my girlfriend's dedicated exertion, but doesn't crest before the song ends.

{It's a full moon tonight so we getting rowdy}-{Yeah we getting rowdy, g-g-getting rowdy}

I hold the headboard behind me and keep perfectly still as a sheer act of will. Realizing that she won't get any more touch until I cum, she redoubles her efforts and suckles my clit until my hips pop and my knees buckle under the force of my climax.

I miss a few beats, clinging to the solid headboard like a scaffold while she draughts down and licks up the cum she drew.

By the time Keisha sings "yum, like a lollipop," I'm back to her snatch taking long, lingering licks of her drenched slit to her now audible groans.

{Sweet nothing, sweet nothing}-{You're giving me such sweet nothing}

I lay on my belly, arms anchoring her thighs to the bed with their weight and my strength. My actions now have little to naught to do with either the tempo or the words of the song, other than the fact that I'm blowing on my maddened girlfriend's clit and licking "sweet nothings" over her snatch without trying to accomplish anything beyond spiking her desire.

That I'm doing in spades. My normally shy girl is louder than I've ever had her, partially because of the depths of her plummet into lust. Mostly though, she can't hear herself. She probably doesn't recognize that a stream of consciousness torrent of dirty talk is flowing from her sweet mouth.

"Baby, just fuck me! Please?! Suck my clit! Fuck my pussy, shove your fingers in me! I need to cum! Please, please, Baby? Fuckme, fuckme, fuckme, fuckme, fuckme!" What started as a shout ended as a chanting whine. I gotta get more of that!

{I'm gonna change you like a remix}-{Then I'll raise you like a phoenix}

Unfortunately, she loses the ability to make words at all in mere seconds, so I sucked yelps and squeals from her instead along with her juices.

I bring my little captive to the edge and give her a half a verse to calm, then the edge, then calm, then the edge, always "taking the world back from a heart attack" until the song's closing line, when I decide to give her a song to earn her cum. 

{You wanna hot body}-{You better work, bitch}

Maintaining my pin on her hips with one arm, I push three fingers into her tight snatch. My fingers are irritatingly motionless and I chuckle as her desperate pussy contracts on them. Her whole body trembles with need and her pitiable mewling is breaking down my resolve.

My other hand slides between her cheeks, rubbing back and forth over her tight little anus. Once her sphincter relaxes with the heat and friction, I "work" an index finger deep into her willing ass, wriggling it within her to the bass.

I circle her clit and clitoral hood over and over with my talented tongue, spiraling out to her outer lips and back in to her throbbing clit. Only at the completion of Britney's dance rant do I let her hips loose to thrust herself over my extended fingers freely, index finger still hooked in her bottom.

{She wants to hit the clouds}-{Honey are you up there now?} 

I plunge my fingers into her, meeting her movements and keeping the beat. My oral assault on her clit persists in conveying her higher and higher, only matching the lyrics during the bounces.

Her mewling has become a frantic keening, tugging now at my heartstrings. I love her and she's been teased enough. It's time with the coming song in any case.

{Sipping from your cup til it runneth over}-{Holy grail}

I am "amazed to be in this space" with her. Her anal ring clamps on my finger, her snatch pulls my other fingers inside and compresses erratically, her clitty is strobing. She's biting her lip, tossing her head, and screaming voicelessly for a release from the plane of near torturous pleasure that I've locked her into.

My lips and teeth target her clit with devastating accuracy, giving her exactly the jolt she needs for the result she craves. 

My attentions spur her unto her climax, causing her whole gorgeous, sweat-soaked body to go rigid with an earthshattering orgasm. Her body contracts and shudders with sexual completion rushing out with the piercing of her pressure cooker. Everything within her exoduses.

I greedily lick up her cream in the aftermath, ~~~until I hear her crying. 

Sometimes she cries when an experience is really strong for her. For me, that just means that she's especially vulnerable and needs to be held ASAP. So I quickly wipe off any excess cum with baby wipes, uncuff her with the keys Nic left on the nightstand for me, remove her blindfold and earbuds, and snuggle my exhausted - but happy - freed little captive.

We lay in each others' arms for about an hour. She calms while I whisper kind, placating things into the crown of her sweet head.

"Baby?"

"Yes, Sweetness?"

"Can we just stay here?"

"No, Cutie. You have a playdate with your little geek friends and we're going." She groans, but it's important that she gets regular socialization in a safe environment.
