 Continuation of "My GF; Fucking & How We Met" and not recommended as a standalone work. The sex-to-story ratio is more heavily weighted to story in this chapter, but feel free to skip ahead to the ~~~ if sex is your focus for today's reading pleasure.

Fictional story containing graphic lesbian sex.




When I come home after work, my cute little girlfriend greets me at the door wearing her new RodeoHs. Mmmm...

They're light blue short briefs with gray piping that match the gray of her sports bra. That's all she's wearing. The blue and gray contrast nicely with her healthy pink complexion and her long wavy blonde hair.

"Hi, Bab-" She starts, but I cut her off with a hard kiss while my eager hands knead her sexy ass. At least it begins hard, but then I taste candy green apple.

"Mmm. Cutie, what on earth have you been eating?" I ask, amused.

"Jolly Ranchers." She smiles up at me prettily. I lean back in for another taste and suck her tongue and the sweet saliva from her happy mouth. One hand leaves a firm cheek to slide into the front panel of her cute underwear and finger her wetness.

RodeoHs are essentially underwear that are designed to hold a dildo in place so that a girl can fuck another girl (or a guy I suppose). They're not quite as durable and versatile as the more traditional leather harness, but they are a lot cuter than tough leather and metal buckles and a lot less intimidating for a gentle girl like mine. I'll press a strapless through the fly later for her first time in the saddle. 

With the alluring way her hipbones stretch the soft fabric of the RodeoHs, I'm thinking about how they'll feel between my legs. Smooth cotton over warm fresh skin as I ride the phallus that hammers her g-spot with each stroke. 

I'll be on top this time, but not in order to suit my ego or maintain control. Being on top physically isn't symbolically important to me and neither of us are so entrenched in gender roles that her wearing the cock matters.

Like I said, she's gentle. New sexual experiences make her nervous. For her first time wearing the cock, that's all she needs to be worrying about. I'll do the work and we'll both have the pleasure. Next time she can have a more active role when she's gotten comfortable with the idea.

It's a delicate balance with her. I need to find a mellow way to introduce twists to our sex life and let her get comfortable, but I can't give her time enough to overthink and psych herself out. She probably doesn't fully realize the capabilities of the RodeoHs, beyond the fact that the open fly allows my nimble fingers to sneak in and play with her.

With one hand squeezing her ass, the other tickling her shy clit, and my tongue invading her candy apple mouth, I could bring her off right here in my foyer if I wanted. She's moaning warmly around my tongue and ripe for the taking. It's not like she'd resist at all...but it's still bath night and I need to focus.

"Gorgeous, did you have anything besides Jolly Ranchers today?" I query. My girlfriend needs her strength tonight.

"Cheezits?" she answers doubtfully, knowing I don't consider candy and crackers a square meal.

I growl and pinch her clitty while my fingernails dig into her ass. She buries her lovely face in my neck and whimpers repentantly. Letting her naughty bits go, I rub her lower back with both hands.

"Go grab yourself a sandwich or something, Sweetheart. I'll get the bath running."

"I'm not even hungry," she whines. I let her feel my body stiffen against hers, so she knows I'm serious.

In her defense, I have her wanting an orgasm and am sending her to get a sandwich instead. It's our routine to have a quickie while I run a bath on Thursdays, and she likes routine. (Not just Thursdays either. I may have conditioned her to expect sex every time I come home. I may need to think about that.) Still, she needs something in her stomach. And she needs to be a little more disciplined about maintaining a balanced diet. Missing a round of sex may be the most effective punishment I have for her. (I can't believe I haven't thought about that before either.)

I cup her pointed little chin in my firm hand and lift her face to look into mine. There's naked arousal in her honey-golden brown eyes, mixed with a hint of trepidation. My hands drop to her shoulders and my thumbs lightly massage them.

"Then drink one of my Lean Bodies and have a banana. I am going to run a bath." I turn her around resolutely by her shoulders and smack her pantied bottom good-naturedly.

She goes into the kitchen dutifully and I get the bath ready, undress, and climb in.

I'm not crazy enough to be my own architect, but I worked very closely with him and my interior designer to get exactly what I wanted in my house. One of my larger self-indulgences was my 6'by6' hot tub. After a taxing day, the jets and warm bubbly water, the comfy padded seats, the calming scent of sandalwood, and the steamy air feel great.

Six months ago, I'd be in here with a book for a couple hours before deciding between a quiet night in or going out trolling. With her, I'll turn on some silly show she likes for an hour of soak and cuddle before some more serious fooling around.

She walks in still pouting, especially when she sees that I'm already naked and underwater. Her whole demeanor changes to something a tiny bit defiant. She's adorable as a sourpuss.

I watch her take her gray sports bra off over her head. She blushes and covers her nipples with her forearm as she feels my gaze on her high, comely breasts. I wonder if she'll ever be completely comfortable with me looking at her without interaction? I don't take it personally and I know she's more open with me than with anyone else on the planet. It's just how she is.

She also doesn't really think ahead well. In the next seconds, she lowers her arm to shimmy out of her RodeoHs and I get a nice view of her perky breasts bouncing as she hurries to get naked and slide in next to me. My right arm drapes around her and my right hand lovingly fondles her bobbing breast just below the waterline.

My left hand queues up our next episode of The Walking Dead and she squeals in giddiness, my earlier harshness forgotten. She can't seem to maintain emotions very long. I feel a tiny bit guilty at enjoying teases her with no consequences because of how scattered and easily distracted she is.

We started watching the series together a couple months ago. I'd never watch a show about zombies on my own, but I admit that it's pretty good. I also like that she closes her eyes and presses her face into my boob during the gory parts, which is both charming and a cheap thrill for me. Nonetheless, I nearly forbade her watching the series after [Spoiler alert – Nic] the episode where they found the short haired woman's daughter. 

Jenny started crying hard when the little girl walked out of the barn as a zombie and I couldn't get her to stop. Seeing little kids hurt – even in the context of an utterly fictional TV show – is a trigger for her and I don't handle the crying well. I mostly hold her and pet her while I'm freaked out myself until it's over, and then make sure whatever hurt her is never an issue again.

But she's hooked on the show. She promised she'd be okay and practically begged me to keep watching it with her, so here we are in my hot tub watching a group of humans worry over interpersonal relationships and moral dilemmas instead of building stockpiles and fletching arrows. I've been reading synopses ahead though and we skipped the episode with the little blonde girls dying. She didn't have to ask why when we saw the previously on.

My right hand leaves her sweet breast and travels down to caress her belly, her lower abdomen, and her hips. A character opens a zombie's head with a crowbar and she burrows into me until I tell her she can look again. My left hand finds her right and we hold hands in her lap.

Forty-some minutes go by and the silly show comes to an end. I reach for a washcloth and the Dove body wash, then bathe her pretty body above and below the water. I move her unto the rim of the hot tub and back in as needed. She's perfectly capable of achieving her own hygiene every day of the week, but bath night every Thursday is an opportunity for me to regularly demonstrate affection for her in a non-sexual physical way.

The shaving that comes next I actually prefer be done by me. She nicks herself a lot.

I realize that she sounds helpless. She's not. Mostly, I really like taking care of her and I do a better job of it than she does.

So I set her on the edge of the tub and put her foot up on my left shoulder, where I kiss her cute toes for a while before I shave her leg.

I apply shaving lotion onto one of her lovely gams. The razor runs easily over her flexed thigh and calf, over old scars (some innocent, some malicious,) over new bruises (some from known sources and others from forgotten or unnoticed bumps,) and over her cute knobby knee and boney ankle. Fine little blonde hairs are removed from her smooth skin. Then I repeat the process with her other leg.

She smiles as I come closer to shave her pretty pussy. Her hair is so light and soft that I probably don't need to do this weekly, but – like I said – I like to care for her.

After a few months of post-shaving abstinence, her skin became used enough to the razor to have fun directly after, so lately I've been using a different shaving gel with a "warming" effect that will take full effect shortly after I finish shaving her. 

With quick, clean strokes, I take away any veil she may have from me and leave her completely bare. A soft washcloth dipped in the warm water rinses away the mess and leaves her sex fresh and clean for me to invade.

Strong jets of warm water hit my breasts, stomach, shoulders, and thighs as I move even closer to her. Carefully, I make sure she's firmly seated on the padded edge of the hot tub and drape her knees over my shoulders. My hands lock onto her thighs so she's held safely in place for now and I can slide her cute ass into the water whenever I feel like it. 

I do so immediately, dunking her ass to her waist quickly in the warm water to hear her yelp in surprise. I smile up at her wickedly.

"Please, Baby? I'm really fired up. Please don't tease me?"

The warming gel legitimately makes her crazy with lust. The heat enflames her sex to the point of overcoming her inhibitions. Her delightful asscheeks twitch and her pelvis gyrates slightly.

More though, she understands the effect herself and with it gains a kind of emotional freedom. Any wanton behavior can easily be attributed to the gel and doesn't have to be owned to herself.

The effect is so freeing to her that I'd briefly toyed with the idea of giving her a placebo every morning with her daily vitamin so she could do as she liked sexually and blame the pill for anything that would otherwise make her feel embarrassment. I don't want to lie to her about something like that though and Dr. Caldwell agreed that it would be counterproductive to increasing her honest self-esteem.

~~~Her need is clear enough to both of us now, so I do stop teasing and brush my nose across the inside of her puffy pink lips, both nodding my agreement to stop teasing and further exciting my beautiful girlfriend. 

Her hips jerk suddenly as the hot air exhaled through my nose hits her already agitated clit. My tongue and lips follow. Soft kisses and wet licks grace up and down her labia. Light nibbling of where her thigh meets her cleft have her giggling, but the same light nibbling near her clit has her whimpering seconds later. 

I put my hungry mouth to work lapping up the essence I accumulated. Her moans continue as I tongue her out with passion for her pleasure. 

I look up to see my love from the corner of my eye. (My head is currently turned partially to run the flat of my long tongue along the right wall of her pussy.) Her one hand rolls one of her hard nipples. The other reaches down to sweetly stroke the side of my face that she can see. I wink at her wryly, but soon return my full attention to her dripping snatch.

As my head is turned, her hand goes to pet my hair. She usually likes to tangle her hand in my hair, but my unruly tresses are so thick that they're hard to penetrate when wet. They're so dark that you can barely tell I'm a redhead, but I'm not sure if that bothers her.

I do feel her short fingernails on my scalp as her breathing becomes more rapid and her thighs narrow to press my ears.

"Baby, oh, oh, oh! Please keep that, yes! Ohhhh Kay! KAYYYYYYYYYY! KA-"

I assume she'll finish saying my name again. I love hearing it, but have a more devious goal that will negate my hearing.

As she begins to verbalize and I feel the signs of imminent orgasm from her sexy body, my hands shift from her thighs to her buttocks. I take a quick squeeze, because her ass is perfect and demands to be squeezed, but then dunk her back into the water like before and hold her there.

I keep my nose to the water's surface, but continue to lick her immersed quim with my quick tongue while her body rocketed through an explosive underwater orgasm.

After her climax, I wrap her arms around my neck and she wraps her trembling legs around my waist. I stand to my feet and gingerly step out of the hot tub, carry her soaked body to my bed, and lay her on a down comforter. I spoon in behind her to hold her and take a little nap.

"I love you, Baby," she murmurs sleepily.

"I know, Dearheart." I yawned, sleepy myself. "I love you, too."

I wake a few hours later. She is darling in her sleep and I hate to move her, but my right arm is asleep underneath her. Plus, she's soooo sexy laying there naked and I have an agenda for the evening that's gotten pushed late into the night.

I turn us each 90 degrees in opposite directions so that she's on her back and I'm on top of her. Gentle kisses to her lips, chin, cheeks, nose, eyes, and forehead bring her to a pleasant wakefulness under me. 

Her small hands find my breasts, groping at first in her drowsiness. As the kissing continues, she demonstrates her skills. Her slim fingers massage the firm flesh of my large breasts while her thumbs rub circles in opposite directions on my areolas, making my nipples impossibly hard. Although they're of no interest to me at all, I'm silently thankful for the hundreds of hours she's wasted playing first and third person console games and training her hands to make exact, timely, concurrent physical movements.

My head drops to the pillow next to her sylph-like face, my back arches, and I sigh contentedly. Her talented hands still manipulate my breasts. My lower body lays casually over hers.

Her knee slides between my legs, spreading them slightly. Instinctively, I start to rock against the hardness. Damn, it's a good time for the RodeoHs, but it takes some discipline to stop her wonderful hands and my eager hips. I could very easily just keep going.

"Mmm...Fuck. Beautiful, go-. Fuck. *hard kiss*" I have to get off her. I have to forgo the- "Oooohu, Sexy, your fingers. Aaaaaaahhh." 

I flip myself off her as an act of will. She follows and starts to climb onto me, but I stop her with a light grip on her shoulders.

"Go put the pink and white RodeoHs on, my little pony."

Her cute face frowns in confusion and I have to repeat myself before she gets up to get the briefs. In her defense, I don't think I've ever asked her to put clothes on during sex before. Her confusion is justified.

I take a couple deep breaths to regain my control as she exits my bed in a huff. I need to calm down and focus because this night is about her.

Out of lust, I watch her sic body as she walks to the dresser, but it's out of curiosity that I look to see where in her underwear drawer she has placed the new pink pair she received today. As expected, she pulls them from under a slightly lighter pair of pink silk panties stacked between all her white underwear and all her red underwear. My adorable little neat freak has to have certain things just so.

She slides on the pink briefs with white piping and crawls back into bed, still frowning at me and waiting for an explanation. Feeling a bit irascible, I grin evilly and force her to force the issue.

"Why, Baby?"

"Because I want you in them," I grab a Share XL I'd set aside for the purpose. Her end is well designed and particularly flexible for a strapless like the regular Share, so she won't need to worry over her internal grip and I know the malleable 3 ½ inch insert won't hurt her if she twists wrong in her inexperience. My end is XL because I like a big cock. (Alright, so the night is a little bit about me too.) "so you can try this out."

She giggles because she still doesn't get it. She will.

I spread her legs and pressed her fresh panties into her wetted pussy with my middle finger to be sure she's as readied as I think she is. I smile as she blushes that the fact that the material sticks to her moisture, puckering her pretty pink panties.

Still smiling, I pinch the material to pull them back out and then hold the fly open with my fingers again.

"You're going to have the little end tonight, Beautiful." Forestalling the concerns she may have, I lean in to whisper to her as I slide the Share XL home inside her. "Don't worry, my little pony. I'm going to ride you. You just lay back and enjoy, okay?"

"Okay," she answers hesitantly, but from nervousness rather than fear. Still, I can afford to be slow and easy with her. We have all night together in my bed, as well as tomorrow night and the night after if it takes her some time to get used to the idea. There's no need for speed in sharing new experiences with my lovely Jenny.

With that dilatory attitude, I return to kissing her soft, pouty lips. I lovingly caress her ribcage, knuckles xylophoning down her ribs and running my fingertips back up in a continuous pattern that I know helps to relax her.

As she calms under my touch, I reach down with my free hand and gingerly jack the dildo to make sure the movement won't hurt her or freak her out.

She gets into the action immediately and moans into my tender kiss. I take the opportunity her parted lips create to make the kiss less tender. 

My tongue slides into her mouth and my lips press hard on hers, demanding.

Her hips move in time to my jerking the Share XL, so I decide it's time. I stop kissing her and straddle her and the toy. She sighs deeply in pleasure, both at the pressure she feels inside her from my added weight and the comforting reassurance of my weight itself.

Settling over her lap, I look down at her beautiful face. Her pretty lips are still parted. Her eyes are closed in a serene yielding. Her desire reads all over her angelic face. I brush stray, damp locks of spun gold hair off her forehead and cheek. Then I keep stroking her face for a while, because she's so exquisite like that. So willing and giving. She means the world to me.

She's also getting restless beneath me and needs to get off.

I take a firm grip on the sturdy headboard and the phallus, then start rolling my hips in a smooth rocking motion designed to rub her clit in the cleft and butt the end against her g-spot. 

Gradually, I up the tempo with her as her sweet ass pushes down into the mattress and back up to push the toy even deeper into me. Although made more difficult by her exuberance, keeping a grip on the uneven double dildo becomes even more important as she bucks under me.

I love bringing it out in her. The passion and freedom she revels in while we have sex. She's a fucking firecracker and I get to light the fuse.

"Baby!" she calls out to me. She's breathing hard and her throat is dry. She's close though and I want to come with her. It's a bit more challenging with the tension produced by the grip I have to keep on the toy with my walls. But hell, I like a challenge and it's not like my pussy walls aren't practiced at every tension and angle of intercourse.
