 Sex scenes are bookended with "~~~" for those uninterested in plot. For those interested in plot, I don't recommend this continuation chapter as a standalone piece.

It's been a while - my fault and I am sorry - since the last My GF chapter. As a brief reminder, the story is told in binal narration by a couple, alternating in timeline between their present relationship and their initial falling in love five months earlier. We lead off where we left off, with Kay's present. Her past will follow the first "^^^" break, then Jenny's present.

Please enjoy!

* 

"Since Nic already has you all hot and bothered, let's see if we can slip these right inside you?" I ask, eager to play with my new toys. Mistake.

Kneeling in front of my girlfriend in a secluded bedroom at Dr. Hartford's house, her jeans partially pulled down, I watch her face fall because I mentioned her having the hots for Nic again. My heart falls with her as I realize what a clanger I dropped. Her hurting kills the mood for me, so I stop until we can get back on the same page.

I'm honestly not offended that she's attracted to Nic. You'd have to be numb from the waist down and brain dead to not have the hots for Nic, especially when she wants to be wanted.

Although her attraction to, flirting with, or even being physical with another woman isn't a major concern for me, clearly it bothers her. She's an extremely loyal and considerate individual and any perceived failure in devotion could throw her into a guilt cycle.

My girlfriend isn't a casual fling to me, not a woman whose worries simply need to be quelled before I can get her clothes off for more fun. I've been with Jenny for five months now. I plan to be with her for the next fifty years. Her feelings matter.

"Pretty girl, I told you, I'm fine with you being turned on by Nic, especially when you just watched her go down on Dr. Hartford. There's nothing wrong with it."

"It doesn't make me a," she continues in a whisper, "...slut?"

"No." I answer "no" reflexively anytime she puts herself down, but the idea that my inculpable girl could be considered a slut is laughable, especially given my own track record as a contrast. ("Slut" doesn't adequately cover me apparently, as one night my friends unanimously agreed that "Lesbian Manwhore Equivalent" best described my habits.) But now was not a moment for laughter, not with how seriously she doubts herself. "You are not a slut." 

"Why not?"

Again I answer impulsively, "Nic, beyond being objectively attractive, is sweet, protective, and tender with you. Those are qualities that attract you to me, too, right? It's understandable."

"But, I also find other women hot? Strangers, even."

I sigh, realizing that I've painted myself into a corner. At some point, some fuckwit in her formative years - well-meaning or no - convinced her that any lust she feels for any person - male, female, or committed partner - is intrinsically wrong. Our friends, her shrink, and I especially have all consistently asserted against that deeply ingrained belief, but it's slow going.

"That's perfectly natural, too. You're a healthy young woman with an active sex drive. It'd be much odder if you weren't turned on by other women. And it's not like it's a new phenomenon." I rest my chin on her knee and look up at her blushing face. "Have we ever gotten through a single episode of Valkyrie Drive without me having to pause the show so I could 'turn you into a sword?'"

She shakes her head and smiles at the memories of us stopping the anime series repeatedly for our own sexual intermissions.

I don't understand the yuri appeal myself, but it's cute on her and I cheerfully exploit it. So yuri-themed manga and anime are regularly added to the media in her geek cave and I have a better working knowledge of that girl-girl genre than I should.

"It's the same concept with real women, Kitten. Aspects of a particular woman or the details around her will cause a physical reaction or mental fantasies. It's okay. It doesn't mean that you love me any less or that you've done or felt anything wrong." 

She nods, maybe not fully convinced herself, but at least secure in the knowledge that I don't think she's in the wrong. I decide to quit while I'm as close to ahead as I'm likely to get. I'll consult the girls later for what I should have said.

"Now, do you wanna see if I can make you go Extar?"

"Here?" She glances around the empty bedroom. I lay my head on the inside of her jean-clad thigh and smile up at her. She glances back down at me, dubious. "But everyone's downstairs. They could hear us?"

She means they could hear her. I'm pretty shameless and she knows it.

"Suit yourself, little Miss Tokonome." I wink at her from between her legs and pat the remote for the vibrators that's stashed in one of the inside pockets of my leather jacket. "But this will be your only chance before these vibrators are inside you - for hours - making you crazy in public."

Watching her decide how she'll be mildly abashed tickles me. There's no way we'll be heard downstairs, but I can only rarely resist teasing her.

"Could you turn on some music? Or maybe gag me?"

"You know I won't gag you, Sweetness." I walk over to the nightstand and plug my phone into the speakers sitting there. "And don't you think if I turn on music loud enough to drown out the noise I'm about to make you make, they might guess that I'm up here making you scream?"

"Oh." She frowns a bit at that, but she's already laying back on the bed waiting for me to finish undressing her. Turning down the sex outright doesn't seem to cross her mind as a viable option. "Could, um, maybe..."

I turn on Joss Stone singing "Put Your Hands on Me" on my iPhone and find a tube of LELO personal moisturizer in the nightstand drawer. Dr. Hartford is an extremely considerate hostess.

The lube and the new attached vibrating toys I lay strategically near the foot of the bed, far enough to the side that they won't get knocked off in the excitement, but close enough to the center to be readily at hand when I want them again for her.

Smoothly, I cross back over to the bed and cover her with my body. She noses up into my hair as it falls down on her and I whisper reassuringly to my darling.

"They won't be able to hear us downstairs, my little worrywart." I'm done idly teasing her to make her squirm. Nothing I'll be doing over the next few minutes should be teasing or idle. "Now, this next part will be more fun with your clothes off."

"And yours," she giggles.

"Not mine." I kiss her again, sweetly this time. Her hands cradle my face from below. They smell oddly -- but not unpleasantly -- of the ocean.

"Don't you want...from me, too?" She's always surprised when I exercise self-denial.

"No. I'll wait." I take one of her hands from my face and slide her palm against the silky lining inside my jacket, so she can feel the outline of a pair of handcuffs in one of my inside pockets. The heat of her blush burns against my cheek as I nuzzle her. 

"I have a pretty good plan for this evening and I wanna enjoy the buildup." I kiss the corner of her mouth to make her smile. "You however, my little sexpot, are going to need some relief now to make it through all the many splendoured carnal tortures I have in mind for your fine body."

~~~She moans deferentially in acquiescence to the evening before her, starting with me getting her off right now. "Cool."

There's something to be said for succinctness.

I slip her tee shirt off over her head and pick up the Zelda pendant in my mouth to suck on the pink princess before dropping it hot and wet to plop on her chest. I follow the pendant with my tongue to lick and kiss the portions of her chest not covered by her rose gold plunging bra with ivory figurie trim.

She's so damned sexy. "You are so damned sexy."

"Mmm," she neither agrees nor disagrees. We're still working on her self-confidence, but trust me when I tell you that she's fine as all fuck.

While my kisses shower her chest and my weight is balanced one forearm, my other hand tugs her jeans further down to her mid thighs. She shimmies her hips to help me, but I'm not trying to take them off entirely yet. They're serving as informal bondage.

She can't spread her legs while her pants have them tied up like that, but I have little trouble in side-stepping her panty gusset and infiltrating into her heat with my free hand. Sure enough, she is wet enough to press my first two fingers right in with ease. 

She sucks in a sharp breath of surprise at the sudden insertion. "Bae!"

Her hips twist and her feet kick, unable to follow her instinct to wrap her legs around me. I growl in amusement and nip her soft skin as I continue to finger her.

"Deeper? Please?" she implores, frustrated at my poorly angled plundering and her makeshift bondage.

"I think that can be arranged," I bite her ear, "but we may need to press pause and finish stripping you."

She pouts unhappily at the interruption, but I'm not going to get her going for real until I get her a good bit more naked. Her legs squeeze down hard as I retract my long, lean fingers. 

"You gotta let me get your pants off your cute ass so that I can get better access to you." I run my tongue along the bottom edge of her pretty bra over her ribcage. "I've got you, Beautiful. Just a quick sec."

I move to the foot of the bed and take hold of the bottom hems of her jeans. A few hard yanks and the denim obstacle comes right off, leaving her in a matching pair of rose gold panties and dragging her down the bed a couple feet too.

For a few solid moments, I run my delighted eyes over my lingerie-only clad girlfriend in the soft boudoir lights. Her silhouette, her flawless skin, and her long blonde hair flowing over the charcoal pillowcase all comprise the lovely image, an image moving enough to still me for a time so I can drink her in visually. 

As she feels the heat of my gaze, she's biting her lower lip again. It's absurdly cute, but I don't want her lips all chapped. Not unless I'm the one that gets to do it.

I lean over her and kiss her roughly, biting her lower lip pretty hard myself and pulling a great deal more. She whimpers contritely, understanding what triggered my impulse to bite her lips and liking the mild punishing pressure of my sharp white teeth.

Her body writhes and her eager arms wrap around my shoulders in what should be a vain effort to pull me down to her. She's so damned sexy that I let her though.

My kisses lose none of their heat, but become gentler and deeper. I even let her lead for a few seconds as my head begins to swim.

But I'm not merely getting her off because it's my favorite hobby and I love her. It's necessary to the accomplishment of my second favorite hobby of playing with her. (I don't know what my next favorite hobby is, but it's such a distant third that it doesn't matter.)

Reworking my way down her pretty body, I finally take her lacy panties down, but leave them around one ankle. It's just too fun to watch her try to kick them off as I distract her with a love bite to her newly bare hip.

A well placed cushion beneath her ass and lower back brings me the full access I want. A wide smile graces her face. It's hardly the first time that I've positioned her gorgeous body in such a way, and she must have a pretty good idea of what's coming next.

It's not like I'm subverting her expectations either. She's about to get some really good head.

Part of the trick is for me to get comfortable as well, so no part of me gets stiff and makes me want to shift around myself. So on both knees and with a forearm on the bed, I crawl between her widely spread legs and fully bent knees.

As I had promised her earlier, my nimble fingers return to her honeytrap. Although she has certainly developed the natural lubrication to start in on her right away, I don't move my fingers at all at first. My forbearance is to let her emotionally adjust and calm, because she's so excited that the walls of her snatch are clamping down on my index and middle fingers like she doesn't plan to ever let them out again.

Not that my mouth is idle. I crane my neck up and hunch my shoulders to reach just below her navel for a hot, wet, sloppy kiss. Her fine pussy clenches even harder as the sensation makes her muscles twitch.

My tongue descends her lower abdomen in lazy figure eights until I reach the apex of her mons and her body relaxes enough that I can punch my fingers in and out of her. She sighs merrily and eases down into the bed.

I press the lubed first finger of my right hand into her cute ass, just to the first knuckle. With my left I keep my steady rhythm of fingerbanging her and my tongue doesn't stray from lapping at her hooded clit for a moment.

With nearly imperceptibly gradual movement, as I keep up the rather distracting plundering of my left hand and tongue, my index finger slides the rest of the way inside her twitching ass. There I leave it totally still, distracting myself enough for my contentment with her pretty pussy and giving the muscles inside her backdoor a chance to relax and adjust as well.

Her breathing changes. Too soon.

I switch tactics. My fingers in her honeypot slow to a semirhythmic cut and thrust and my tongue leaves her clit to explore up into her widow's peak.

Her heavy breathing is punctuated by the most darling huff of disappointment. For reasons of inclination, experience, or mood, she stops herself from complaining more explicitly about her delayed gratification. As for me, I don't find scolding her for a semi-involuntary expelling of air to be a compelling enough reason to get sidetracked.

Cute as her little bratty huff was, the next sound I force from her will be better. 

I stop moving my left hand, my fingers still inside her. She squeezes hard on them, willing me to finger her more. And I will.

I wiggle the finger in her ass. Once. Twice. A third wiggle, wiggle, wiggle. 

She groans at the sensation of the welcome intruder's movement adding to the overall sexual stimulation she feels. Her hamstring tenses against my shoulder and the heel of her other foot digs into my side hard.

I glance up at her quickly, curious. 

Her hands are grabbing at the sheets and the wall, instinctively feeling for her grips in my headboard that aren't available here in this strange bed. I've never taken her anally in such an unrestricted position before and my girl doesn't quite know what to do with herself.

Her face though. Her eyes are closed, lips curled into an opened mouth smile, nostrils flared, and cheeks and forehead flushed. Her face is everything.

I turn my head as far as I can in my current situation to kiss the inside of her thigh and leave a tiny hickey there.

"Mmmm," she reacts as I begin to swirl my finger inside her slowly. My main goal is to loosen her up in order to slip in the anal vibe comfortably for her, but I'm always going to make it good for her as well.

To that end, I go back to pumping in and out of her juiced pussy while still twirling my other finger.

Try to rub your stomach and pat your head at the same time. 

Go ahead. 

I'll wait.

Seriously, it's important.

Now try to do both in asynchronous cadences. 

If you can't, learn. And if you can, practice for accuracy and intricacy. Otherwise someone like me will be taking care of your girl in the ways that you aren't.

To be clear, it will be someone like me and not actually me. I'm way too into this sweet girl who I'm fucking to risk OPP fallout messing up my life. Not when it has gotten so good with her.

I think she's ready, so I remove my index finger slowly from her cute butt. 

"Mphr," Even though she's still getting fucked vaginally, the emptiness in her ass is an unwelcome development.

"Don't worry, Pet," I reassure her as I quickly lube the slender anal vibe with the LELO, "Just a second and you'll be feeling it again."

The vibe is designed to slide in easily anyway and is only slightly broader than my finger, so I press the smooth plastic toy in swiftly and hit the low setting on the remote.

"Ah, ah." I'm not sure what portion of her happy sighs are from the refilling of her cute ass and what portion are from the new vibrations in her cute ass. Either way, she's a satisfied customer. 

My head dips back between her thighs, tongue licking at her bits, fingers hitting her hotspot. 

I feel the vibrations in my fingers through the wall between her channels. I wonder briefly if I'd feel the vibrations with my tongue if I slipped in the pussy vibe in and kicked it up to the max setting.

It's not the plan for the moment, but I'll find out later.

Her body heat is ridiculous, her pulse is so fast, and her muscles are clenching. She's so ready to explode.

My sweet girl needs release.

"Ba-aby!" she calls out, begging because she feels the draw, but isn't sure that I'll let her follow. "Please?! Ple-ease?!" 

"Yes, little Miss Tokonome."

I pull my fingers from her clenching snatch and use them to tug lightly on the cord to the vibrating toy in her ass. While nudging her clit with my nose, I vigorously tongue-fuck her pretty pussy until she gushes into my mouth as she comes. ~~~

I lap at her until her moans ask for me to stop as she becomes over-sensitive. Then I take out my pocket square to wipe of some excess fluid before insertion.

She's still breathing hard as I slip in the connected pussy vibe and turn off the vibrations.

I stand reluctantly and walk to the adjoining bathroom for a gargle, to rinse off my pocket square, and get something to clean her up with a bit more, too.

Her body is immobilized by the exhaustive sex, but her honey-golden brown eyes follow me plaintively.

"It's alright, Cutie." I console my insecure girl over my shoulder. "I'll be back to cuddle you in a minute."

I swish and spit some Listerine, clean the square, and then dampen a washcloth, returning to the bed with minty fresh breath.

She lays as I left her, on her back, legs slightly spread, one arm at her side and the other hanging off the bed, bra still inexplicably on. Seeing her naked and sexed like that, I want to fuck her further under. 

If we had the day to ourselves, I would. I'd keep her in a sex haze, not letting her leave my bed or even have a full break when I'm not teasing one part of her sweet body or another, until she became too love drunk to move. And maybe after that, too.

That's not really a feasible fantasy at the moment. I'm not sure how much time we'll have until Adrianne and Teeg arrive and we'll need to socialize. And I had promised her a cuddle instead.

We're not doing anything Sunday however...

I turn my attention back to the more immediate needs of my sweet girl. Her neck muscles are so spent she can't keep her head faced forward and her eyes are already weighed down into sleepiness. She'd have a nasty crick if she stayed in that position, but I'd be moving her soon enough.

I wipe her clean with the warm wet cloth, but she's too wiped out herself to respond with more than sleep murmurs. The washcloth gets tossed aside in a pile with the lube and toy packaging. I climb into the ultra-luxurious bed behind her, pull a sheet over us that I'll bet is more expensive and stain-proof than pure silk, and roll her safely into my arms. I can picture the small smile of contentment on her pretty face.

A few minutes pass, and I realize she's waking back up a little, probably more mentally than physically. She sniffs. Then there's a short silence. Then she sniffs again, deeper.

"Baby, are, I mean, did you use mouthwash after...?" she asks, hesitantly.

"Yes." I nip at her ear. "I assumed that our friends smelling you on my breath might embarrass you."
