 Author's Note: Sex scenes are bookended with "~~~" for those uninterested in plot. For those interested in plot, I don't recommend this continuation chapter as a standalone piece.

Trigger Warning: No actual domestic violence takes place, but suspicion and history of DV are a strong theme in this chapter.

Please enjoy!

*

My life became immeasurably better the hour Kay convinced Dr. Valkis that he should get a new start elsewhere. But my ruminations got me worried as the day progressed and I looked back over the previous 24 hours. I hit myself in the face with a cabinet door, admitted that I can't drive because the idea of it terrifies me, proved incapable of setting my own alarm to get to work on time, and had spent months trying to come to terms with a man whom she handled in minutes.

How could she not think I was a complete idiot? She has such confidence and she's an important lawyer who...

You know, I still don't know precisely what my girlfriend does, but she manages effortlessly to wake herself up and drive herself to work for whatever it is she does. At the right time. In a car that she owns and is licensed to operate. All without knocking herself in the head or needing an intermediary to communicate with other human beings on her behalf.

I was afraid she'd think I was either too stupid or too much work and bail on me. So when she arrived to pick me back up from work, I guess I'd sunk into myself some.

My girlfriend's good at noticing those things. "Are you okay, Cuteness?" she asked as she enfolded me in a big greeting hug.

"Yeah..." I mumbled into her shoulder.

"Want me to take you straight home?"

"To your house?"

"I'd prefer to take you to my house, but wherever you'd rather go is okay."

"Your house."

My girlfriend squeezed me close and released the hug. "Off to my house we go then."

On the ride home, she put her free hand on my thigh - like normal - but didn't caress me or fondle me. It felt too weird to ask her to touch me more or ask her why she wasn't touching me more, so I fretted silently. She stayed quiet during the drive as well, which I couldn't imagine was a good sign.

We walked inside, and my girlfriend kissed my cheek and pressed me to sit in one of the dining room chairs. She started putting together some dinner in the kitchen.

I tried to sit still. My feet tapped. I fiddled with the drawstrings on my hoodie. I did long division in my head. 

She pulled a package of some sort from the freezer and winked at me, then turned to get some plates, glasses, and forks. I noticed the cabinet door clasps had been replaced with magnets. Never had such a considerate and immediate action taken on my behalf made me feel so low.

My girlfriend set the plates, glasses, and forks on the table, kissed my forehead, and walked back into the kitchen. I followed her.

"Baby?" I had to say something.

"Yeah, Kiddo?"

"I know I must seem stupid, but I'm not and - if I am - I'll do anything for you to make up for it!"

Her arms were around me before I got the run-on sentence out. I love her arms.

"You're not stupid, Jenny," she disagreed so conclusively and authoritatively that I couldn't argue back even if wanted to dispute her. And I didn't want to. I knew I wasn't stupid exactly, but...

"But I'm just so...I don't know. I don't deserve...You can hit me if you-"

She didn't let me finish the sentence that time. She spun us and pinned me against the fridge. Her body pressed against me so tightly, I couldn't even take a deep breath. The fridge kept my back straight and her pressure against me calmed me and oddly helped me to regulate my breathing.

It was like nothing bad in the world could get to me through her.

"I love you, Jenny. I never want to hurt you. More than that, I want you never to be hurt." She rubbed her cheek against mine, still holding me tight. 

I didn't speak, but my whole body relaxed.

"I get that you have some self-esteem issues to work through and that you'll need time to believe in your own value." I felt her breath on my ear and her voice had the most soothing tone I'd ever heard. "Until you see yourself as the wonderful person I see, remember that you are my girlfriend. I will not allow anyone - including me or you - to mistreat or disparage my girlfriend."

I started sobbing, not sad. I felt such relief that a floodgate opened and I couldn't control my reaction. She swept me up, carried me to the couch, and laid down beneath me. 

"I'm sor-sorry. I..."

My girlfriend shushed me. "Cry yourself out, Love. I've got you." She pulled the afghan over us, rubbed her cheek to mine again, and rubbed my back with her warm hands.

I slipped my hands under her, under her leather jacket and her blouse to touch her skin. I rubbed my cheek back against hers (even though I wondered if my hot tears would smear her makeup). I laid there in her arms and did exactly what she told me to do. I cried myself out.

It felt so good to have that release. Years of emotion poured out at once. And she took it all. She just kept stroking me, petting me, and telling me sweet things.

After a while, my tears stopped and I calmed, but she kept petting me and comforting me with gentle words. I honestly couldn't believe how much I loved her. Couldn't believe my luck at her finding me. 

This need took me to be really really hers. I feel most hers when she holds me after she makes me cum, but I'm super crappy at asking for it.

I tried to wiggle subtly on top of her, you know, seductively. She stiffened, took a deep breath, and held me tighter.

I kissed on her neck and jaw. One of her hands left my back and ran through my loose blond hair.

"Baby?"

"Yes, Kiddo?"

"Can we, um?"

"Hey, no. You don't have to...do that. Not right now. It's okay. We can lay here for now."

"I want to. I need to be yours."

"Angel, you are abso-fucking-lutely mine. You don't have to prove anything."

She shifted beneath me. My girlfriend always kinda lusts for me, even when she thinks I'm sad and she shouldn't.

I summoned some resolve. "Please, Baby? I need to cum." Resolved or not, I still whispered the request pretty quietly.

Her hand left my mussed hair and turned my narrow jaw. She kissed me, softly and possessively at once. The hand that had been rubbing my back slipped between us and under my waistband. She rubbed my lower belly instead and woke the butterflies there.

"Are you sure you want this, Darling?" Doubt slowed her usually crisp speech.

I nodded and kissed her, teasing her tongue until it followed mine back into my mouth. My legs spread for her, not subtly. I sucked her tongue.

Her hand went further down and tickled my lips. She kept kissing my other lips too.

As her silken lips pressed to mine, an insistent tongue teased and toyed in my mouth. Her hands are strong, her fingers are lean. Even if she had short, stubby, little fingers though, I was wet enough to make it work. More fun with her fingers though.

Her first two went into me, deep. And back in, back out, back in. Her thumb found my clit, having to dig in some since we were so tight together and my panties and pants were still on.

My fingers dug into her back, too. I imagined the little crescent shaped marks I left there as I gripped the woman I loved. I kissed her supple lips back, desperate for the release that only she had ever been able to give me. I keened in a wordless begging for her to have me.

Her fingers moved faster. Her kiss grew more insistent. She was pushing me to completion at high speed. It's so cool that she knows better than I do where I'm at sexually at any point in our lovemaking.

My hands held the arm of the couch above her head, forearms flexing. My toes pointed out as my ankles flexed as well. My back arched. 

Then I realized physically that I was cresting. Another warmth spread throughout my body. I felt more liquid flowing out of me around her amazing fingers and she made me hers again with a beautifully gentle orgasm.

Her fingers stayed at my sex for a few lingering moments as I came down. Then both her arms wrapped back around me and held me.

"Are you good, Dove?"

"Uh-huh."

We laid like that, together. Until her stupid phone went off. I grumbled as one of her hands left my body to check the text.

"It's Nic, Kitten. The girls are on their way over. Are you still up for meeting them? I can tell them to wait for another night if you...don't feel like company."

"No, I still want to meet them, Baby." That was mostly true. The idea of meeting new people who were that important to her scared me, but it made me more a part of her life too.

"Okay. Since I sort of failed in the preparing dinner aspect of our evening, I'll ask them to pick up some takeout on the way over. That'll also give us some time to get cleaned up first."

She meant me, but was too nice to say it. While she texted back, I walked to the bathroom off the living room, all the while experiencing a more minor but still real dread.

The mirror was not a friend to me that day. Rather it bore out the justification of that dread. My face was a wreck from the crying and my hair was wild and static-y. Between that and the black eye, I looked moderately terrible. 

I'd wanted to look nice, you know? I don't ever need to be Jessica Rabbit or anything, but nice at least seemed like an achievable goal. I was meeting my girlfriend's friends for the first time, so I wanted to look nice.

I saw her in the mirror coming up behind me (my girlfriend, not Jessica Rabbit). My first instinct told me to slink away, but she turned me toward her and kissed me sweetly. Then she wiped my face clean with her pocket square. She took a brush from a drawer and smoothed down my hair too.

"I messed up your pretty hair, it's only fair that I fix it," she noted charitably with a smile as she finished brushing out my rebellious blond locks. "You're beautiful, Kitten."

"Are these clothes okay?" Maybe I should have been wearing something more formal? I could hardly be wearing anything less formal than Ducktales and Donald Duck.

"Dearheart, my friends will be so happy to see that you're not a figment of my imagination that you could wear a potato sack and they'll still give you a big hug and welcome you to the family." She kissed me again. "But, based solely on how wet you got my fingers, you may get uncomfortable if you don't change soon. 

"Okay. So, like, jeans? I don't have jeans here. Maybe-"

Her lips stopped my jabbering with another swift kiss. "It's a casual night in with the girls, Cuddles, no one will be dressed up. Just wear something you'll be comfy in."

I nodded and headed toward her room for clean clothes.

"Wait, they'll hug me?" I asked from the foot of the stairs, her comment finally hitting me.

"Sweetness, I can probably stop Nic and Teeg if you want, but yes, Melody will almost certainly hug you."

"O-kay." I was surprised that it was okay. 

I ran up and switched to my Yoda hoodie and Clone Wars pants. Something about wearing a wise Jedi master on my chest gave me a shot of courage. The sexy chartreuse bra and panty set I wore under them gave me an unexpected confidence boost too. I still paced back and forth until I heard the doorbell and ran downstairs to greet her friends and my fate.

"Ah, so you are real, Jenny." Melody walked up to me and, sure enough, enveloped me in a big friendly hug. It was different from when Kay hugs me, no sexual undertone at all. But she made me feel super welcomed. Then Teeg hugged me, and then Nic.

"We brought Cranium!" Teeg announced as she tossed the game to Kay, "I'm gonna get drinks and forks. Fire up the hookah?"

I followed my girlfriend out to help her. I didn't actually know how to help with a hookah at the time, so I mostly stood around as she filled the bowl, covered it with pierced foil, and put charcoal on it.

"Baby, we're going to play Cranium?"

"We don't have to, Pretty girl. Would you rather watch a movie?" she offered as she lit the charcoal and put the wind protector thing-y on top.

"No, I like board games. Just, what if I don't play well? Will I be on your team?" I was anxious to come off well in front of her friends and not seem like an uneducated dunderhead. Suddenly a simple activity like a board game seemed fraught with a myriad of possible negative outcomes.

She set down the tongs and extra charcoal, then she hugged me too. "You're always on my team." Like I said, there are always sexual undertones with her, but she strived to make me feel better. "But, yeah, tonight it'll be you and me against Nic and Melody. Teeg will play for both teams."

"Oh. Because we have an odd number of people?" She sat me down and took the seat next to me.

"You'd think so, but it's actually because she has zero discipline and will shout out the answers no matter whose team she's on."

"I fucking heard that." Teeg walked out with like six bottles of liquor from Kay's cabinet in one arm and a twelve pack of Cherry Coke in the other and set them on the side table. I didn't recognize most of the labels, probably because I don't drink. Redbreast, Bruichladdich, Boru, Espolon, and Appleton? At least I'd heard of the Johnnie Walker.

"I said it loud, blurter," she confidently shot back.

"And I second it." Nic set down a couple bags from China Harbor and started pulling out boxes of Chinese food.

"Play nice. We wouldn't want Jenny here to think we're uncouth." Melody warned as she set down utensils, napkins, and shot glasses and then patted my shoulder. I hadn't considered that they might care about my impression of them, too, "Kay, did you get a new table?"

"No," my girlfriend answered quickly, "I'm going to grab some more chasers."

"Kitten," she whispered in my ear as she stood to walk away, "You don't have to drink any alcohol or caffeine, or do anything else you don't want. And you don't owe anyone an explanation."

"Jenny, do you like moo shu pork?" Nic held out a box with a fork in it to me. 

"Yes. Thank you." I was grateful both that I wouldn't have to choose one for myself and that I could start eating, rather than idly sitting there and wondering what I should be doing.

"Kay says you work at the pharmacy at Seattle Children's?" Melody asked me.

I nodded, mouth full of moo shu.

"Sounds more beneficial than the drugs I dispense," Nic joked.

"Don't undersell yourself!" Teeg took a shot of clear liquid. I hadn't even noticed her pour it.

"Wanna hit, Jenny?" Melody passed me one of the hookah hoses and a plastic tip.

"Oh, I don't, ah, smoke." I declined while physically accepting both in my hands.

"Don't worry. It's tobacco-free." Melody answered and both Nic and Teeg nodded. "Cotton candy flavored, too."

It was delicious.

"Here," Teeg offered, "Try a shot of Octomore with it." 

"Don't mind if I do." Kay walked back out and took the shot set in front of me, replacing it with a Barq's Red Creme Soda. She sat next to me and squeezed my thigh quickly under the table. 

She smoothed all the conversation for me and her friends were so nice and easy that I loosened up quickly in the convivial atmosphere of my girlfriend's open balcony. We ate, drank, smoked, and played. And laughed. I laughed so hard at something Teeg said that I threw my head back, unabashed.

"Jenny, sweetie, come help me get some desserts?" Melody asked. I thought it was abrupt, and looked at Kay.

"I'll get-" Kay started.

"I asked her, Kay." Melody cut my girlfriend off and took my hand to lead me inside.

My girlfriend sat back down without a word. After being cut off like that, kinda rudely. Seeing her - knowing the vengeful fury she could be - back down to anyone disconcerted me.

I went to the freezer, thinking to find a frozen pie or cake. Goodness knows I wasn't prepared to actually cook a dessert.

"That was a bit of a ruse, sweetie." Melody explained. "I wanted to talk to you. Here, sit with me." She pulled out a dining room chair. I sat in confusion.

"Did Kay tell you what I do for a living, Jenny?"

"You're a lawyer, too?"

"Yes, but a different type of lawyer. I'm a Special Prosecutor for the Seattle City Attorney's Office, Domestic Violence Unit."

"Oh. That sounds tough." I didn't know what to say. I hate it when I can't tell if I feel weird in a specific social situation or if I'm in a specifically weird social situation.

"It can be, but it's rewarding, too. Germaine to this conversation, it's given me some particular training to look for certain signs. Like the slight discoloration below your eye and that you've been crying hard." She put her hand on mine and I felt like I could confide anything in her. "Jenny, if stuff that you don't like is happening, it's okay to tell me. It's good to tell me. Nothing you say will get back to Kay. It's just you and me talking, alright?"

"Alright." That seemed like a generous and compassionate offer from a remarkably thoughtful and sympathetic person, but also like a totally weird and random thing to say.

"Did you and Kay have an argument?" Her benevolent voice urged me forward. Whatever it was she wanted to know, I wanted to confess.

"No, but I thought she thought I was stupid and I told her she could hit me. She pinned me to the fridge and told me I was hers and it was okay. Then I cried and she made me feel better and then we, um, you know. But my black eye is from me hitting myself with a door."

"Oh, sweetie," Melody wrapped her arms around me. She's such a naturally comforting person that I let myself be hugged and comforted.

But you know how you burst into tears more easily when someone is super kind and understanding than you do when confronted by indifferent or mean people? I sobbed as her kindness inundated me and I let myself think about the things that made me sad. I thought I'd cried myself out earlier in my girlfriend's arms and I was indeed out of actual tears to cry, but my shoulders shook and I clenched my stomach as Melody held me and patted my back.

"Jenny, sweetie, I'm going to bring Nic in here with us, okay?" She gently released me. Her voice was like a warm hoodie from the dryer.

"Okay."

"Hey, Nic!" she shouted, "Come in here and help us pick!"

Nic walked in with Kay and Teeg trailing behind her.

"Are either of your named 'Nic?'" Melody's voice, so tender with me a moment before, spat acid at the uninvited women.

Again - despite the level of authority in Melody's voice - I was surprised when both Teeg and my confident and aggressive girlfriend put up their hands in surrender and walked back out. 

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Anne's documentary had nearly come to its end when my oddly assertive girlfriend turned off my phone and now the credits are rolling. Between her prematurely ending the vibrating text game and getting her toys back inside her without my help, she's impressing me today. I'm still going to make her buzz for each of those texts later though.

"Round of applause for the lady of the hour!" Teeg announces as Anne's name scrolls passed and raises her glass in a toast. "The only thing in the whole show worth looking at!"

"Here, here." We all raise the toast and Anne preens.

"Off to Cherry Girls' then?" Teeg's mind lasers in on her next conquest.

Melody and Anne jump in her truck and the rest of us pile into Adrianne's SUV. Although my girlfriend and I share a bench seat, I respect that she won't want to play in close quarters with three other people in the vehicle. She snuggles up to me as much as our seatbelts will allow during the ride though.

"Hi Kay," The parking attendant greets me as we leave the garage across from the bar.

"Hey Matt," I answer with open friendliness.

"How do you know him?" Adrianne asks with honest surprise.
