 This story is a copyright of destinie 21 please don't reproduce.

"Hello , hello Robyn are you there." Karen said snapping me out of my reverie.

"Yeah." 

"I need to see you." 

"What the hell for?" 

"I've missed you." 

I couldn't believe her audacity. She missed me. After five years she missed me. And she thought all it took was a phone call saying she wanted to see me and I'd come running.

I remembered the days following her departure when 

I had lay on the floor of my apartment crying and moaning. As if with every groan contraction and scream of pain I could give birth to my naked sorrow. And thereby purge myself of the anguish that clung constantly to the inside of my belly.

All the crying had provided a means of release but did not lessen the grief. In the end only time had done that. During the weeks following her departure all I had were her memories and my pain to keep me warm at night. Those memories and sorrow would be the threads that 

Embroidered the tapestry illustrating my survival.

"So you thought you'd just give me a call and, then what Karen

We'd meet at the Ice cream shop for chocolate sodas? Then maybe I'd invite you over for a sleep over then we'd do each other's nails."

"I need you." she repeated and that's all it took. That's all it had ever taken with her. 

"Where are you?"

"Meet me at the coffee shop on the corner of Main and Victoria at 10:00." 

After I got off the phone my attention returned to the woman on my bed. I still hadn't remembered her name. I fell back on an age-old substitute.

" Sorry babe I've got to meet someone in about an hour but I'll call you later." I flinched inwardly knowing I wouldn't call. Hell I couldn't even remember her name, but what was I going to say. I hated myself for being such a bitch and I detested her for being such a trusting fool. She'd been in my bed less than two hours after we met. So how could she think we'd have anything but casual sex? Before she left she wrote her number down on a slip of paper and left it on the nightstand, I glanced at it before throwing it in the trash but she hadn't included her name.

I took a shower to wash away the scent of an intimate stranger. It took me longer than usual to get dressed because I changed five times. At first I chose an outfit that was purposely casual. I didn't want her to think I was dressing up for her, but then fearing she'd think I'd let myself go I changed and changed and changed again. Finally deciding on pair of fitted black pants black heels and a red shirt that was cut low enough to flaunt the goods without actually displaying them.

I ended up pulling my wavy hair into a ponytail and applying my makeup hastily.

I checked out the results in the mirror liking the way the pants and shirt cupped my soft curves.

I was good looking and I knew it. Tall and slender with curves in all the right places. Brown skin green eyes high cheekbones. Dark brown hair. I was pretty, but not like Karen. She was unreasonably beautiful. One of those rare woman who could inspire men to willingly go to war in the name of her honor.

I left my apartment late. It was bad enough I was going to her like a lovesick puppy, but I'll be damned if I was going to rush, or be early and end up waiting on her as usual. When I got to the coffee shop it was about 10:15. I was fifteen minutes late so she was already there. 

I sensed her presence before I saw her. She was sitting in the far corner at a table for two sipping something out of an oversized blue ceramic mug. I wanted to just watch her for a few moments but she turned and looked directly at me. Forcing stand or me to either move they're looking like an imbecile. I sat down in the empty seat across from her and for a little while neither one of us said anything. Then just like that she broke the silence and said 

"Hey now. How've you been?"

"Fine." I replied as if one word could sum up the last half decade.

"When you came in I thought you didn't recognize me." 

I laughed. Partially out of nervousness and partially because it just struck me as funny. I would have known her anywhere. Her face had lost the softness of youth, her hair was longer ,the layered style that she'd favored was gone and her eyes no longer sparkled quite as much as they had but then again neither did mine.

"I'd recognize you anywhere." 

"You look good, your hair is shorter" she said making a move as if to touch my hair but then thinking better she rested her hand on the table. 

"And yours is longer, no more layers."

She just smiled, she looked like she was going to reply but then 

a waiter came over to see if I wanted to order something. When he returned with my coffee I was content to just sit in silence for a few moments while I tried to asses the situation and figure out what was going on. Finally I just asked her,

"Karen, why am I here?"

"I miss you"

"What do you mean after five years you decide you miss me?"

"No. It didn't take five years for me to realize, it didn't even take me five months to realize I should have never left ."

"Then why did you?"

"I was afraid."

" Why? Of what? "

"Of us. I'd never felt like that before. I didn't just want you. I needed you like I'd never needed anyone before I didn't know how to handle it. So I ran."

"Why didn't you call me?"

" At first I couldn't, then after a while I didn't know what to say."

"So why now?" 

"I needed to know if there could ever be anything between us again."

I was stunned. There was a time when I would have given anything to hear those words. Two years ago I would have said yes in a heartbeat.

But now?

"Jesus, Karen. Do you have any idea how you hurt me? I loved you and you tore my heart out and never looked back. Now I'm just supposed to forget. A few years ago I would have said yes but not now Karen. I can't take the risk I can't trust you again."

"I know" she said grasping my hand "I know"

But I knew it was already too late. Despite my words, my heart was already opening up to her.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>.

It had been three weeks since I'd seen Karen and I couldn't get her off of my mind. She was my star in a thousand midnights, and when we were apart I couldn't shake her image from the walls of my imagination. More than once I'd idly wondered if there was any chance that we could just have a sexual relationship without the complications of an actual emotional connection being formed. I had done it with countless others but I knew Karen would be different.

With Karen it was always different.

I was in the grocery store when I saw her. I paused for a split second to decide whether I would even acknowledge her or if I should just move on as if I hadn't seen her. In the time it took for the thought to form the answer was decided for me as she looked up and met my eyes there was a hint of a slow smile on her lips. Damn I wanted to take her right there between the brightly-lit isles of checkout counters. All my convictions flew right out of my head and apparently my common sense had gone right along with them, because instead of walking away, I walked toward her.

"Hey now." I said softly greeting her as we used to greet one another years ago.

"Hey now"

"What are you doing here?"

"You mean here in the grocery store?" 

I smiled at my own question realizing how foolish it must have sounded.

"Sorry I ..."

"Why don't you come to my place for dinner"?

I raised an eyebrow "you can cook?" 

"Yes."

"This I've got to see."

After checking out we left for her place. I followed her in my car. After walking up four flights of stairs we reached her apartment.

The inside was nice if a bit small. The walls were freshly painted. Light blue, guess it was stills he favorite color. There was a dark blue couch, and a low coffee table around which four-oversized cushions were strewn. I could only assume that down the hall there was a bedroom and a bathroom behind the two closed doors. The "kitchen" was separated by the living room by a counter top around which there were three stools. I saw no evidence of any other furniture aside from the bookcases that took up one whole wall and were already stuffed beyond capacity. On the remaining three walls I noticed a variety of paintings all of which had been done by me. I walked over to the one that had caught my eye, the one I remembered most vividly. The scene was a park bench under an old oak tree in the first glorious days of fall when the leaves had only just begun to turn the sky into a jewelry box for nature's gems. It was the park bench where we'd shared our first kiss. It was the first and only painting that I'd given to her.

"I can't believe you kept this."

"Yeah well" she shrugged.

"Where'd you get the others?"

"I bought them."

"You weren't at my gallery shows?"

"No Brett sent them."

"HE KNEW WHERE YOU WERE?"

I couldn't believe my best friend had let me suffer endlessly when he knew where she was the past five years.

"No of course not Robyn. He'd have told you in a hot second if he knew where I was. What he knew was my grandmother's address and he thought I was some eccentric old lady. I contacted him by letter at the gallery then sent money for him to buy paintings for me and ship them. 

"Oh god you're Old Mrs. Abigail Morgan" 

"Yep in the flesh."

"Wow."

"Now I believe I promised you dinner."

"I believe you did." I said turning around. She was standing so close that I was virtually in her arms. I couldn't resist I put my arms around he neck and kissed her. I felt as though I'd stuck a fork into an electric socket. She wrapped her arms around my waist and pulled me closer and deepening our kiss. My hand strayed from her neck as I cupped her breast in my hand for a moment before moving on to run my fingers lightly over her denim covered pussy. She pressed forward into my hand while our tongues danced. I would have liked to tease her a bit but I couldn't hold out any longer. Unbuttoning her jeans I slipped my hand into her pants. Some things never changed, Karen had rarely worn panties when I'd known her.

Running my hand down her already wet slit I could vividly recall the contours of her pussy and the many afternoons I'd spent tracing them with my tongue. Breaking our kiss I stepped back to take a look at the woman I'd loved and hated for the past 1865 days of my life. 

Her hair was tousled and her clothes in marked disarray yet I'd never seen anyone look more beautiful. She looked at me to obviously confused and slightly diffident. I'd have given just about anything to know what she was thinking. I realized one of us had to do something and obviously it wasn't going to be her, so for the moment I placed my recriminations and incertitude aside and again I embraced her. 

I ran my hands over the landscape of her body reacquainting myself with her curves as I methodically stripped her clothes away. Taking her nipple in my mouth as I cupped her breast, again I wanted to tease her but I didn't have the velleity to do so. Kneeling in front of her spread thighs I leaned forward giving her an open-mouthed kiss and savoring her sweet flavor and musky aroma. Stroking my tongue up and down her slit I used my fingers to spread her outer lips delving into her hot tight hole. At the mere touch of my tongue I could hear her gasping and feel her body tensing with pleasure, but it was far to soon so I languidly stroked her sensitive skin purposely avoiding her now engorged clit, and sliding two fingers into her cunt. 

Karen pulled my head closer to her pussy using her left leg to anchor me there, and her arm to support herself against the wall. Raising her hips she met each stroke with of my fingers and tongue with a thrust of her own. Afraid of the very real possibility of her losing her balance I used my free hand as another means of support. 

Finally I took her clit between my lips sucking very gently as I pumped my fingers in and out of her slippery cunt. Using my teeth and tongue I continued to suck her clit as she screamed and gasped. Her muscles tensed gripping, my fingers as she reached climax. Pulling my hand away from her with a wet pop I licked it clean. As She repositioned herself so that she was standing now with both feet on the ground, though her hand was still in my hair as she slid down the wall into a sitting position.

I could see the sheen of sweat glowing on her skin as she sat before me. I was still fully dressed and apparently she'd just noticed this as she smiled and said

"You always did tend to overdress"

"Only because you were always half dressed"

She leaned forward kissing me lightly 

"Smart-ass"

"You know you like it"

"Yes, you have a very nice ass"

She kissed me again not so lightly this time. As she cupped my breasts through my shirt. She tugged my nipples as I groaned into her mouth. Pulling back for a moment as she removed my shirt followed in quick succession by my bra. Then we were kissing again lips and tongues and teeth colliding and intertwining. Her hands were at my breasts again and then at my waist. I had to stand to remove my pants. Then we were touching again. Her lips were all over me all at once it seemed my face, neck, shoulders and nipples then lower.

Her lips probed gently, wetly caressing. I could feel her hair like silk brushing my thighs as I moved to lie down. Arching as her mouth, paralyzing softness, sweet pleasure. I could feel myself trembling as she ran her tongue over my clit. I dissolved into ecstasy every muscle in my body taut and quivering. Then she penetrated me with two finger and then a third. I was full perfectly and completely as my hips rose to meet each thrust. I felt so hot I thought I would burn up with sexual euphoria as I climaxed. 

Lying on the floor next to Karen I felt what I'd never been able to achieve with the forgotten faces of intimate strangers. My body was tranquil, pervaded by an exquisite lassitude. I could have fallen asleep in her arms, and I very nearly did, until Karen once again roused me with the promise of food. 

Please send feedback and remember to vote.