 I woke to the sound of Micchy's voice.

"Hey Brooke, time to wake up, you had a pretty rough night last night"

I groaned, "Please let me sleep..." I begged, pulling the pillow over my head, which ached from the previous nights activities.

Micchy laughed, "come on, we have to get going."

I sat up in the bed, grumbling, "This was a stupid idea..." I complained.

She smiled, "It's only stupid right now cause we're on the praries, but cheer up, we'll be out of them by late today or early tomorrow... then you can be happy again!"

A few weeks earlier, Micchy, Jazz, Ashleigh and Larrisa had surprised me by sweeping me off the porch of my dads house, barely out of my grad dress, and whisking me off for a road trip across Canada. We used the old Dodge Caravan that my mom had given me as a grad present. It had been in the family for years, and was ideal for travelling.

I grumbled at the thought of having to live through another day of driving non stop across the miserable pancake people liked to call Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

Jazz stumbled into the room from outside, carrying a bundle of towels in her arms. She looked very cranky and hungover, a tired expression spread over her light russet brown features.

"Heyy, she's alive!" She teased me, her smile making up for her rough composure.

I laughed and slid my bare legs out from underneath the covers and stood.

The sight of my slim, nude figure awed Jazz for a moment.

She had seen me naked countless times before, but it always seemed to shock her. It flattered me.

"Where's Ash and Larrisa?" I asked, yawning.

She was silent.

"Ahem..." I interrupted, grinning as her gaze snapped from my breasts, up to my face.

Jazz smiled innocently and Micchy laughed, "Uhh, they're outside, Rissi wanted a root beer from the machine, and Ash is doing... whatever Ash does best..."

"Do I have time to take a shower?" I wondered out loud, walking around the bed and starting towards the bathroom door.

Jazz glanced down at the towels in her arms, "Well, I was gonna have one, but you can if you want..." She said, looking me up and down again, absently licking her lips.

I waited a moment, I knew what she would say next.

"Or... you know..." She continued, glancing up at my face again, "We could... save time and water and just go in together..."

I grinned, "Sure, sounds good." I said, walking into the bathroom and stepping into the walk-in shower, closing the door behind me.

I fiddled with the knobs for a while until the temperature was just right and sighed as the hot water cascaded around me, soaking me. "Just come in whenever you're ready!" I called to Jazz.

She walked in a few moments later, and I watched through the foggy glass as she undressed, placing her clothes on the towel shelf and turning towards me.

Everything about that girl was stunning, every time I saw her, she just got more and more perfect...

I laughed as Jazz pressed her face up against the glass and stuck out her tongue at me.

She stepped into the shower beside me and looked me up and down, a smile spreading over her features.

"Well, you woke up pretty fast." I joked, smiling.

She nodded.

Just then, we heard a few loud crashing noises from the bedroom just outside, and Micchy's shouts, "Hey! cut it out guys!"

I heard a few more thumps, and giggles, Larrisa poked her head through the bathroom door, and with a loud "OOOOO, " she clicked off the light and disappeared.

I jumped at the sudden darkness.

I felt Jazz step closer to me, her warm, minty breath mingling with mine for a moment.

Her hands slid around my waist slowly, pulling me closer to her.

I breathed out softly, she was almost a foot taller than me, and I had to look up to see her face. I searched the darkness above and waited for my eyes to adjust before i realized her head was bowed.

I slid my hands up over her shoulders and pulled my body against hers, causing our nipples to brush gently.

I heard her groan softly, the highlight reflecting off her perfect, full lips widening slightly.

The sound made me shiver as her hands travelled lower, grasping below my ass and lifting me.

I wrapped my legs around her waist, a soft gasp escaping my lips as she pinned my body against the cold shower wall.

I had kissed her once before, a year ago. It was a moment ground into my memory. She had pushed me up agaisnt the wall and held me, just like this, and lost me in a passionate kiss that must have lasted at least a few minutes.

She whispered something so softly I couldn't hear her.

Fearing of ruining the moment, I whispered too, "What did you say?" I breathed.

She raised her head and her dark brown eyes pierced into mine, "I want you for my own." she growled, and before I could answer, she locked her perfect lips against mine, kissing me deeply.

I kissed her back, shivering both from the surprise of her agressiveness, and the feel of the cold wall against my back.

This she noticed, and she pulled me down, sliding one hand around my back and holding me there while her other played a slow, soft, agonizing pattern of gentle gliding down from my collarbone to my right breast. She lingered there for a moment, pausing to brush her thumb against my hardened nipple, then continued her trail of teasing torture lower until I felt her warm palm against my inner thigh.

I whimpered lightly and slid one hand up the back of her neck into her short, jet-black hair, grabbing a handful and pulling, kissing her again.

I felt her smile into the kiss, and bite my lower lip playfully as her fingertips played expertly along the outer lips of my pussy, teasing me gently, making me burn for her. 

I whined impatiently, then gasped softly as she slid two fingers up slowly inside me.

Her long, slender fingers were perfect for such a task, and she worked in and out slowly, gradually picking up speed before adding a third finger, pushing up harder and harder against my G-spot.

I moaned and dug my nails into her shoulders, this caused her to push with an extra burst of strength that made me melt around her fingers. 

"Mmmm..." I breathed into her ear. She answered with a sharp thrust of her hand, her fingers jabbing against my G-spot. I moaned loudly, hoping no one had heard me.

Jazz smiled. it was the type of smile that made you feel so inferior... the type of smile that seemed to say, "Silly girl..."

It only added to my pleasure.

"Moan for me Brooke... Tell me to fuck you..."

I knew begging was a turn on for her, it was for me too.

I moaned loudly again as her fingers twisted inside me, hitting all the right spots. "Fuck... Jazz..." I whined, digging my nails into her shoulderblades, "Pleaase fuck me..." I begged.

She groaned and quickened her pace, sinking to her knees and pulling her fingers out suddenly.

I wasn't disappointed for long. She pushed one of my legs up and over her shoulder, burying her face in between my thighs and working her tongue up and down against my clit.

I gasped and clutched a handful of her short hair, leaning my head back against the shower wall, water trickling down my body.

She drug her nails lightly down my ass and thighs as she licked and sucked up all the juice my pussy had to offer. 

I was about to explode into extacy when we heard a sharp knock at the door.

It was Micchy, "Are you guys done yet? we want to get on the road!"

I whined and slumped my body against the wall.

"We'll be out in a minute!" Jazz shouted, annoyance filling her voice. The vibration, and the feel of her breath so close to me was too much for me to bear.

She must have felt me trembling because she bit down playfully on my clit, rolling her tongue roughly around it and pushing two fingers up hard and deep inside me.

I came hard, whimpering and moaning her name, shuddering with orgasm as she pulled her fingers out slowly, replacing them with her tongue.

After a few seconds, I weakened, enjoying the feeling of her warm lips against my clit.

She stood and kissed me deeply, I could taste the sweet stickiness of myself on her breath.

I kissed her back passionately, wrapping my legs around her waist as she carried me out of the shower, setting me on the edge of the counter. She smiled slyly as she flicked on the lights. I shut my eyes.

Before I knew it, her arms were wrapped around my waist again and she was kissing my neck.

"God you taste good..." she breathed into my ear, wrapping me up in one of the towels she had brought in.

I melted again, weak.

-------------------------------------------------

After we had got everything ready, we piled into the van. Micchy drove, with Larrisa chattering away in the passenger seat. Ash sat by herself in the seat behind them, and Jazz and I slept on the makeshift bed we had contructed out of cinder blocks, a few pieces of 2x4 and countless mattresses in the back. It was incredibly comfortable.

Nearing dusk again a few hours later, we found a cheap hotel that was near a night club, and quickly decided that Ashleigh was going to be the DD for the night.

"Aw man..." she protested, running her hand through her short, bleach-blonde hair.

I yawned, I needed some rest from the night before, "I'll keep you company." I offered.

We checked into our hotel and found a cute little Italian place to have dinner at.

Micchy was eyeing me from across the table.

She had probably heard me and Jazz this morning, I figured.

After dinner, Micchy, Rissi and Jazz loped off for the club, while Ash and I walked back to the hotel.

"Hey..." she started, looking at me, "Does it count if I smoke? To be the DD?"

I thought for a moment, then shrugged, "Probably not, I think you just have to be sober."

She smiled, "Good, cause I need to get stoned."

I laughed, Ash was always stoned.

I sat on the end of her bed cross-legged while she pulled out a joint from an old package of cigarettes and lit up the end.

It flared red in the dim light of the hotel room as she inhaled deeply, passing it to me.

I grinned, it had been about a month since I had been stoned. I took a long drag and held my breath, closing my eyes and concentrating on the soft warmth of the smoke in my lungs.

"Heyy, I wanna teach you something..." Ash said, taking the joint and inhaling another long breath of it.

I waited patiently for her to exhale and finish what she was saying, but she reached forward and pulled me into her lap, pressing her lips to mine and breathing the smoke out slowly.

It surprised me at first, but I understood, and inhaled deeply, holding the smoke in my own lungs for a few seconds before letting it out in a white cloud.

Ash laughed.

I smiled and took the joint, taking a few puffs and leaning over her to do the same as she had done to me, but she didnt accept. Instead, she just kissed me, long and hard. I breathed out after a few seconds, watching her eyes. She had me sitting in her lap facing her, leaned over.

She grinned, almost triumphantly, and stubbed out the joint, placing it on top of the empty cigarette carton, pushing me back roughly and pinning my arms above my head.

My eyes widened with surprise. Ash chuckled darkly as she shifted one of my arms over the other one, pinning them both with one hand and tracing her fingertips against the faint outline of my nipple through my shirt.

"I heard you with Jazz this morning..." she spoke lightly in a hushed tone.

I shivered at the thought.

"I wanted to see if what she said was true or not..."

I stared up at her with eager eyes, "If what was true?..."

She leaned her face close to mine again, "How sweet you are..."

I felt dizzy as she kissed me again, I kissed back.

She let my arms go only to lift my black tank top over my head and expose my size DD42 bra.

She gazed over my figure admiringly, her face darkening slightly to a lustful shade of red.

I watched her carefully, biting my bottom lip.

Her gaze stole up to meet mine again, and she smiled, sliding one hand around and unclipping my bra.

Ash pulled me up against her, pulling the soft, white and red plaid bra off of my shoulders and tossing it on the floor.

The pace of her breathing quickened slightly into short, shallow breaths as she slid her hands up my body and caressed my breasts, massaging them.

My heart raced, and I closed my eyes as she pushed me back on the bed.

I opened them again as I felt the soft tickling of her breath at my waistline.

I gazed at her without a word as she slowly slid down my small white skirt.

Ash worked her way up my thigh gently, kissing and nipping softly at my flesh, i sighed and spread my legs invitingly.

There was noise outside from the club, but my mind was foggy from the smoke. Inside the room it was so quiet it was loud.

The shallow rasp of Ashleighs' breath filled the room, broken occasionally by a slight moan from my own throat.

This was all happening too slowly for me to bear. I shut my eyes and writhed under her, amazed at what she was doing to me when she hadn't even touched me yet.

I whined, tortured when she stopped and looked me in the eyes.

"Turn over." She commanded.

I obeyed and turned onto my hands and knees, wondering to myself as she pulled off my small black thong.

Ash forced her arms between my legs, pulling them apart, leaving me fully exposed.

I moaned to myself and lowered my head when she positioned herself underneath me, catching me by surprise as she pulled down on my hips, thrusting her tongue up eagerly inside my aching pussy.

I moaned loudly and squeezed my eyes shut.

She worked her long tongue furiously in and out, sliding her hands up my body and caressing my large breasts again.

I panted as she toyed around my throbbing clit, sucking softly and flicking it hard, up and down.

I needed something inside of me badly.

I moaned and shivered, squirming, but she held me in place, teasing me with each slow glide of her expert tongue in my wet pussy.

She stopped for a moment, then continued her assault on my clit, biting, sucking and swirling around it lazily.

I gasped as I felt the head of her thick, 8 inch black dildo push its way into my warm depths.

Ash had stopped playing for now as she pushed up against the base of her toy, twisting it slightly and coating the end with a generous amount of my juices, slowly edging it deeper, inch by inch.

I moaned and tried to relax as it entered, and finally, I was full.

I whined lightly as my muscles tightened around it, Ashleighs' tongue meeting eagerly with my clit again.

She pushed and pulled on the end of the toy only slightly at first, then slid it almost all the way out as my juices enveloped it. Then, with a sharp thrust of her hand, she forced it all the way back in, causing my body to shudder with delight.

"You like that baby?" she whispered in a low voice, I could feel her hot breath against me.

I shivered again, breathlessly managing to moan out a soft, "yes."

Without a word, her lips locked around my clit, her tongue swirling around it in a small "O" shape as she pulled her toy out agonizingly slowly.

I cried out in pleasure as she pushed it deep inside me again, lingering there for a moment, then pulling out again.

She worked into a torturing rhythm, pushing and pulling the toy in and out, making me shudder with each thrust inwards, but she kept her tongue playing flawlessly around my clit.

After a few minutes I pulled myself away reluctantly, I wanted to taste her. Badly.

She eyed me questioningly, and I pushed her back, undoing her pants and sliding them down.

She smiled slyly and understood, pulling her shirt off quickly.

I wasted no time, and pushed her thighs apart, breathing in the tangy scent, but she stopped me.

"Come here." she beckoned me, and grabbed my waist, setting me above her face again.

I had never been in a 69 before, but I was beginning to think I might like it, and I did.

I flicked my tongue playfully over her clit, spreading her pussy lips with my fingers, and smiled as she moaned.

I wasn't in control for long.

Ash pulled my hips down again, her tongue wrapping around my clit, enveloping it as she pushed her toy deep inside me again. I moaned loudly against her clit, sending a deep vibration through her as she fucked me hard, and fast.

With long, easy strokes of my tongue I lapped up all her juice as she pushed the dildo in and out.

I moaned and whined against her.

"You love me fucking you, don't you... You little slut..." she growled out sexily.

I forgot I had told her that I loved to be talked down to during sex, and I groaned, biting down softly on her clit.

She shuddered with pleasure for a moment, then pushed her toy an extra inch deeper, "Don't start biting, you bitch, you teased me for so long, and you thought you would get away with it?"

My eyes almost rolled up into my head from the intensity, and I felt a hot pressure start to build up where her toy was jabbing against my G-spot on every expertly-angled thrust.

It was hard to concentrate on swirling my tongue around her clit when she was acting like this.

"WHAT are you?..." She growled, pushing her toy deep and holding it there for a few seconds.

I whined submissively.

"You're my little whore." She continued, fucking me harder and harder, "And you'll let me fuck you whenever I want to! Whether you like it or not!"

I shuddered above her, moaning loudly, my orgasm about to hit.

"Cum for your mistress!" she commanded, and I obliged.

I shuddered and cried out in pleasure as wave after wave of orgasm shook me.

She kept pushing the dildo deep with all the strength she had left, and when I finally weakened and stopped shaking, she pulled out slowly and slid her tongue deep into my pussy, savouring every last drop.

"Jazz was right..." she muttered softly, "You ARE sweet..."

(To be Continued)