 I had been out in California attending a business related class for a week, when I returned home to quite a surprise. The class was scheduled to end on Friday afternoon, but due to the limited number of scheduled flights back to Atlanta, I would be forced to take the “red eye”, which would arrive about 5:45am. This trip, however, luck was on my side, as the class ended early, due to a bout of food poisoning suffered by the instructor, and I was able to catch the earlier flight, which would put me into Atlanta at about 8:00pm. Due to my having to speed to the airport in San Jose, return my rental car, then dash to the gate, I was unable to call and alert my wife, Kate, of my early arrival time.

Being happy just to be able to get away from San Jose around lunch time, I figured surprising her with an early arrival would just be icing on the cake. I knew that the kids would be visiting friends that night, so needless to say, I was really looking forward to an evening of wild sex with Kate, after all, I had been gone almost a week. 

As I drove down our street, I realized that Kate had company. I immediately recognized her best friend Kitty’s car parked in my usual spot. Kitty had recently moved out of town due to a job change, but apparently had breezed into town for the weekend. Kitty is around Kate’s age, not as sexy, but I have always fantasized about what it would be like to get into her pants. She has an ample ass, and a nice set of tits. As I said, she’s not a woman that would stop a man in his tracks, but she seems to exude a sexuality all her own. Her and Kate have always been extremely close, so I guess their closeness played a big part in my attraction to her as well.

“What the hell”, I said, as I parked on the curb and walked, suitcase in hand, to the side door of the house. Strangely, all the lights were off in the front of the house, though the master bathroom light, as well as the bedroom and den light were turned on. 

My first thought in seeing the front lights of the house lights turned off, was how similar it appeared compared to the way Kate and I situate things during our nights alone. The idea being to make the house look as if no one is home, or everyone’s gone to bed, so we won’t be disturbed by friends dropping by unannounced. I had jerked off hundreds of times in the past, fantasizing about watching Kate and Kitty make love. Kate has always emphatically denied any attraction to the female sex, but, I have always believed that, given the right circumstances, people, especially Kate, are capable of anything. 

Seeing the house this way got me thinking...no, it couldn’t be, could it? My experiences with good luck always seem short lived, so I figured I had used my allotment for the day when I got away from San Jose early. What the hell, I thought, you never know. I laid my suitcase in the breezeway between the garage and house, and crept quietly around to the back, where I could get a better idea about what was happening. 

Our master bath extends out into a bay window, with the garden tub situated in the bay itself. I immediately heard talking and giggling, as well as water splashing, as I rounded the bay window. There was no way I could see into the bathroom through the windows, due to the presence of blinds, so the only solution was to place a ladder against the arbor that attached the garage and house, climb up, and peer down through the skylight situated over the tub. “Unfucking believable”, I said quietly to myself, as I looked at what lay below me. Apparently, the bottle of wine sitting on the side of the tub had taken hold of Kate and Kitty, because they were both sitting in the tub, naked, bathing one another. 

I immediately began sporting a raging hard on, as I watched the proceedings beneath me. I wanted to pull my cock out so badly and jerk off, that it was all I could do to restrain myself, but due to the view from the street, I had to lay belly down to keep a low profile. 

They had several candles lit and placed around the deck of the tub, and the soft candle glow accentuated the two heavenly bodies centered between them. I couldn’t help but notice how their hands seemed to linger on each others tits, caressing each one till the nipple was firm. After a few minutes of their soft, sensual bathing, they leaned toward each other, as if on cue, and began to kiss deeply, their tongues lashing out, and dancing together, delving deep within each other’s mouths. Personally, I thing two women kissing is about the most sexy, sensual thing there is, and I was definitely not disappointed here. After about a minute of kissing, their hands, then fingers, began to explore the inner folds of one anther’s pussy. Soon, their ministrations evolved from soft caresses, to more intense penetration of one another, their kisses growing more and more heated. The situation was indeed getting hotter and hotter, and I couldn’t wait to see what was next.

After about ten or fifteen minutes of foreplay, they exited the tub and dried one another off from head to toe. When they were completely dry, they each put on a very sheer bra and panty set, and moved into the den, taking with them all of the candles they had lit. This would certainly work out better for me, as our den opens out onto the back deck through a French door, with a full view from the outside.

Once the candles were in place, they laid out several blankets on the carpet, and Kate disappeared back into the bedroom, only to come out with the huge dildo (along with a tube of KY jelly), that I had recently bought for her. Kitty’s attention was riveted to the dildo, though I was unable to hear what her comment was in response. Kate had also brought out one of our porn videos for them to watch.

The video was started with two women making love beside a swimming pool. Strange, I thought, Kate never really seemed all that interested in female-female scenes when we watched videos in the past, but obviously that wasn’t the case tonight. As they lay beside on another, they began to kiss and caress one another once more. I settled in on the back deck to enjoy the show.

Kate soon broke the kiss, picked up the dildo, and began slathering KY jelly up and down the shaft. She moved down between Kitty’s legs and began to remove her panties, kissing her thighs as she did so. After discarding her panties, Kate spread Kitty’s legs farther apart, and began to lick up and down her pussy, penetrating her lips, and taking extra time to flick her large, protruding clit with her tongue. Soon, Kate had Kitty writhing in ecstasy, hips thrusting up off the floor, as she drove her tongue in and out of her pussy. Kate inserted two of her fingers into Kitty’s cunt, and began to drive them in and out, increasing her tempo with each thrust. Kitty began to buck her hips upward, driving her sopping cunt up into Kate’s face as she started to cum. 

Kate never allowed her to come completely down following her orgasm, as she quickly grabbed the massive dildo and inserted it into Kitty’s soaked cunt. Kitty moaned loudly as the dildo entered the folds of her pussy, and it didn’t take long before she was fucking “Kong” like it was her last time. Kate began to pound the dildo in and out in a frenzied pace, Kitty once again bucking upward to meet her every thrust. Kitty was in such a state of passion, that she was soon cumming again, this time much harder than before, as she began to squeeze the dildo within her as tightly as possible. As she squeezed her thighs together, I though at first she was going to crush Kate.

As she once again came down from her intense orgasm, cum began to flow copiously from her pussy, soaking Kate’s hands as she withdrew the dildo. She tossed the dildo aside, and began to lick and suck all of Kitty’s cum from around her cunt. Damn, that was sexy! Kate continued to lick and suck her cunt until it was completely clean, lapping up every drop inside and out.

Following this torrid scene, they both lit a cigarette, and laid back to enjoy the video. They poured themselves some more wine, and continued to caress one another as they talked quietly, commenting on the various scenes in the movie. 

Things soon began to heat up again, as caresses became kisses, each one alternating from mouths to theirs partner’s tits. Kitty rolled Kate over on her back, and began to alternate from one tit to another, kissing, licking, and caressing each one with obvious affection. This time, it was Kitty who broke the kisses, as she got up and began fishing around in her oversized handbag. She came out with a large, strap-on dildo, and began to put it on. 

After applying a minimal amount of lubricant (I’m sure she was aware of how wet Kate’s pussy was by now), she kneeled down between Kate’s legs and slowly inserted the dildo. Now this truly was a fantasy come true for me!

Kitty looked hot as hell as she began to move slowly in and out of Kate’s pussy, her sexy ass rising and falling with thrust. She began to alternate between Kate’s mouth and tits, kissing and sucking each one languidly. As Kitty began to thrust faster and deeper (which Kate truly loves), Kate wrapped her legs around Kitty’s waist and pulled her even deeper into her sopping wet cunt. Their tempo increased by the second, as Kate came ever closer to her anticipated orgasm. Suddenly, Kate groaned loudly, pulling Kitty with her legs and feet, deeper into her pussy, and at the same time, jamming her tongue deep into Kitty’s mouth, kissing her hard as she began to cum.

By this time, needless to say, I had my cock out, and was stroking it with reckless abandon. Given the circumstances, I lasted all of about 30 seconds before I began jetting cum all over the sundeck. It was without a doubt, the most intense orgasm I had ever experience with my own hand.

I decided that I would wait a little while before I made my surprise arrival. I knew in my heart though, that the night was probably only just beginning...