 Carrie was still in a state of complete arousal as we climbed into the shower together. I'd like to pretend that I was equally up for the challenge of another round with my lovely wife. But the truth is, my mind just wasn't really in the game, despite the ever-fascinating and erotic vision of seeing her glistening and wet from the dowsing spray that pulsed in rhythmic blasts from the shower massage head a foot above her. Her blue eyes shimmered and danced like the prismatic droplets that bounced and splattered playfully off her full, jiggling breasts, which I noticed again with amazement were only slightly less firm than they were eighteen years earlier before the birth of our only daughter. She had pulled her drenched, soapy brown hair backward with both hands, the gesture causing the water to cascade down over her head and neck in frothy, swirling rivulets, finally dripping seductively off her perfect nipples, taut and erect from the effects of the pelting shower and her heightened arousal. She bit her lip and looked down at my semi-erect penis. "I didn't wear you out did I, big boy?" she whispered teasingly. 

I smiled back at her. "Well, not everything's worn out" I replied with a smirk. With that, I leaned forward, kissing the hollow of her glistening neck before sticking out my tongue and tracing the stream of water that made a determined path down to her navel and below.

The remainder of the shower was filled with Carrie's stifled groans and pleading whimpers as my tongue took her pussy again and again. She came hard in tiny gasps and whines as I reached around behind her to grasp her lovely ass and pull her tight against my sucking lips and probing tongue, flicking slowly up and down, back and forth over her swollen clitoris. The water ran over us, cascading between where my mouth met her being, threatening to drown me, and yet somehow washing away some of my guilt from the night before. This was my wife. I was loving my wife again.

After shaving and getting dressed I headed back down to the kitchen. I had a full schedule ahead of me, which consisted mostly of playing some golf with a few buddies of mine, plus the obligatory nineteenth hole celebrations afterwards. I sat at the table sipping the re-heated coffee that my wife and I had so hastily abandoned earlier that morning. I shook the newspaper out so I could turn the front page only to have it fold backward along the stubborn crease annoyingly. As I fidgeted with it, trying to straighten in out, my daughter strode through the door. She had showered and gotten changed into a pair of low-riders along with her pink "Vixen" shirt which pulled so tightly across the swell of her firm, round breasts, which were obviously "sans" bra. Her hair was still slightly damp and it hung sexily in damp swirls down the sides of her pretty face. My paper sagged slowly as I took her in. My jaw followed suit and I became acutely aware of it hanging partially open in a good impression of Neanderthal Man looking at fire for the first time. I may have even grunted a little. I really can't be sure.

Lynette gazed back at me with a hint of smug condescension. "Something wrong, Daddy?" she smiled, easing her beautiful body into the chair across from me. I cleared my throat. Closed my mouth.

"Nope. Couldn't be better." I yipped, probably a little too quickly as I snapped my wayward paper back in front of my face only to have the top left-hand edge droop slowly downward again. What was with this fucking thing? Another snap. This time it realized I was serious and decided to stand at full attention. I could actually feel my daughter's smirk radiating through the pages in front of me. The clock ticked, which was odd because it was an LED type, so that might have been in my head. Somewhere a dog barked, I think. I couldn't take it anymore. I lowered the paper in exasperation. My daughter sat there, leaning forward with her angelic face perched preciously atop her intertwined fingers sporting a grin that was both teasing and knowing. "What?!" I snapped.

"Do you like my outfit Daddy?" Lynette goaded.

"What do you think?" I retorted, striving to look unimpressed which was as transparent as the kitchen window behind me.

"I think you like it a lot" she smiled impishly. Then switching topics "You just got lucky again didn't you?" she poked.

I gazed back at her, shaking my head slightly in mock irritation and disgust. "Is that any way to talk to your Father?" I replied.

Lynette just kept staring, her eyes dancing and full of mischief. "You're funny!" she snickered.

I cleared my throat again. "So what are you doing today?" I asked, bluntly changing the subject. Lynette finally dropped her folded hands back to the table and let me off the hook.

"I don't know really. I thought I might go over to Alison's house. Her boyfriend Ryan is coming over. We were thinking of watching some movies or something. I'm not really sure."

"That's too bad honey. I was thinking we could go shopping together today" Carrie replied as she entered the kitchen through the door behind Lynette. "Terri and I were going to go back to the mall to get a few more things. We ran out of time yesterday. I was thinking maybe we could spend some time together."

"The mall huh? Hmmm. I could be talked into that. Can Alison come?" my daughter replied, turning her eyes to her mother.

"Sure, if you don't mind hanging around a couple of old chicks," my wife answered. "I know we're not cool or rad or whatever you kids say these days," she added.

"Rad? Mom, I don't think anyone ever said that!" Lynette laughed. "But as long as you don't say stuff like that out loud while we're together, I think it could be fun" she grinned.

"Great!" Carrie replied, her face brightening. "I'll call Terri and find out what time she'll be ready and you can call Alison. Tell her we'll probably be looking at 1 o'clock or so." Then to me "Did you want to come, hun?"

"Uh, no. I think I'd rather shoot myself, but thanks for asking" I responded drawing a kick from my daughter and a slap on the arm from my wife. "Ow! I'm kidding, I'm kidding!" I said, cowering form further blows. "I'm going golfing. Andrew and I have been planning this all week."

"Hmm. Andrew's cute. Maybe I should come along with you guys!" Carrie said, poking my arm a few times.

"Four guys and one girl, Mom? That's pretty 'Rad' isn't it? Sure you could handle it?" Lynette jested.

"Shut up!" Carrie laughed. "You don't know the real me, Lynette. I might still have a couple of years left in me," she added, giving her daughter a small push on the shoulder.

"Oh I bet you do, Mom! Better watch it though. Dad might not like it!" my daughter warned, winking at me.

"Oh I don't know. Your Dad's a pretty hip guy, he might not mind!" Carrie smiled, looking at me slyly.

I wasn't sure where this was all going, and thought that this might be a good time to go clean my clubs, so I got up. "Well, I don't think they allow five people at a time honey so, sorry!"

"I don't have to play. I could just sit there and entertain you" my wife prodded jokingly.

"Yeah Dad. Mom could help clean your friend's clubs and balls!" Lynette blurted, causing me to choke on my last swallow of coffee that I had decided to take before walking away.

"Lynette!" my wife laughed, smacking her daughter on the arm. "That's terrible! Where'd you get your mind?"

My daughter stood up, stretched her arms over her head which caused her firm breasts to push even more tightly against the straining fabric of her pink top, causing both my wife and I to drop our gazes a foot or so for a few seconds. I could tell though that Lynette still caught it from the smirk on her face. Smiling sweetly, she turned and walked out the door, hips swaying slightly. As my wife and I stared after her she said over her shoulder "I dunno...I guess I'd say I take after you guys!"

Lynette looked over at me and smiled, one eyebrow raised. "Vixen, huh?"

I just shook my head. "Apparently" I said.

--------------------------------------------------

Carrie and Lynette picked up Terri and Alison as planned in the early afternoon and proceeded to Woodside, which was a large mall on the eastern side of town. I was probably somewhere on the fifth hole or so, cursing my short game as my three friends yukked it up nearby.

After a few hours of intense shopping and leaving piles of clothes and shoes scattered in their wake, the girls decided to head to the Food Court to grab a Coke and a snack. Lynette and Alison headed to a Chinese food spot, while my wife Carrie and her cute friend Terri went to get some fries at the Burger King next door to it. They got their order before the girls did and had grabbed a table nearby so that Lynette and Alison would see them when they had gotten their food. As they sat and munched their fries in silence, Terri caught my wife's eyes staring absent-mindedly at the finely shaped rear ends of the two young girls who were still waiting patiently in line, talking and giggling about something or other. Carrie wasn't really thinking anything in particular other than 'Wow, those are some tight jeans" when Terri broke into her thoughts.

"Nice, huh?" she said in between sipping on her straw as she poked it up and down into the ice of her soft drink.

"Huh? What?" Carrie started, jolted out of her reverie. "What's nice?"

"What you're staring at. C'mon Carrie. You don't need to pretend with me anymore now. God, look how firm they are." Terri chuckled. "That Alison must make a lot of boys happy with that thing!" she mused.

Carrie turned her head to look at her friend, flushing slightly at her words. 'You don't need to pretend with me anymore now'. Carrie had been trying to shrug off what had happened at her friend's house the previous week. "Well, she's got one cute boyfriend at least. I've met him a couple of times."

"Cute, huh?" Terri replied, smiling.

"Oh yeah," my wife replied, then laughed, flipping her hair out of her eyes with one finger. "Big, tall, dark...muscular jock type. What's not to like?" which elicited a snicker from her friend.

"Maybe he's big everywhere, huh?" Terri returned, her eyebrows arching. Carrie laughed.

"Maybe we can get Alison to tell us," Carrie returned, drawing a snort from the other woman. Terri's eyes were back on the girls again.

"I can almost picture her with him" Terri purred, distantly. Carrie's eyes rolled, as she let out a derisive laugh.

"Terri! God, you're awful!" my wife blurted chidingly as her friend laughed.

"Oh c'mon! Don't tell me you don't think about that kind of thing. Lynette's got a boyfriend doesn't she?" Terri teased.

"One? She's seeing a couple of guys I think. I can't keep them straight right now." Carrie answered.

"More than one? Mmmmm...very nice!" Terri mewed.

My wife's mouth dropped open again in shocked amusement. "Terri!" she laughed, placing her palm flat on the table "That's my daughter you're talking about!"

Terri just looked at Carrie and wrinkled her nose. "Ever think about what she does with her guys?"

Carrie just shook her head and laughed. "You're incorrigible!"

"God, it gets me moist just thinking about them! Look at those two beautiful...butts. I wish mine was still like that," her companion murmured.

--------------------------------------------------

Carrie looked at her friend a moment longer. She knew her pretty friend was bisexual. She'd always had suspicions and they had been confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt a week earlier when they'd been over at Terri's house. Her mind drifted back, replaying the incident again. They'd been discussing different things and somehow the topic had come up regarding Carrie's love-life, or recent lack thereof. Carrie had explained how my work and our lives just seemed to keep getting in the way of any physical contact, to the point where my wife had been feeling unattractive, even though she had worked very hard to keep in shape. Terri, who was a beautiful brunette, with stunning green eyes and a firm, sensuous 28 year old body, had told Carrie that maybe she needed to "put it out there more". Be a little more aggressive. Carrie remembered feeling a bit embarrassed and had asked Terri what she meant. Her friend had talked about things like wearing tighter clothing, wearing sexy underwear or thongs and maybe some new tops. The conversation and ensuing events played through Carrie's mind.

"Can I ask you a personal question? " Terri offered as they had sat on her couch..

Carrie laughed. "Sure, why not? You know too much as it is anyway!" she said, sipping some Chardonnay.

"Do you shave your pussy for him?"

Carrie had been stunned at that one. That was certainly about as personal as you could get. "Well, I trim it of course," she had stammered. Terri had leaned closer.

"Well I can tell you that Tom goes nuts when I shave my pussy for him. And if you're going to wear some of the things I'm talking about, you're going to have to 'trim' it a lot more...like maybe right off!" she smiled, eyes dancing. "You should do it before we go shopping next week so what you try on looks right. Then you can wear something home for him! Plus, we should get your hair done – maybe some streaks. That would look so hot Carrie!" By this time, Terri's hand had been on my wife's knee as she leaned forward, her eyes dancing with excitement.

"I...I don't know Terr. It's been a long time since I did that. It would probably look stupid on me" Cheryll had answered.

"Yeah right!" Terri scoffed. "C'mon...you should try it out. You could do it here" her friend had suggested.

"Here? Now?!" Carrie retorted eyes wide.

"Sure. Why not?" Terri replied softly, her hand moving oh so slightly up my wife's leg. Carrie swallowed hard. "I can...I can show you if you like?" the other woman continued.

Carrie looked into her friend's eyes nervously. "Uh...no...no...I can do it myself I think" she muttered, standing up and moving away from her friend's hand, leaving Terri looking disappointed.

"Can you at least show it to me when you're done?" Terri asked, sounding like a little girl asking her mother if she could stay up late to watch the rest of a movie she shouldn't have been watching in the first place.

Carrie had stood and looked down at her friend, a feeling of warmth creeping up her neck. And for some reason she still couldn't understand, she had whispered "OK".

Half an hour later, after sitting astride the cold, ceramic side of Terri's whirlpool bath on a fluffy towel, lather and razor in hand, Carrie came down the stairs dressed only in her white cotton underwear and pink, fleece sweatshirt. Terri was sitting on the sofa watching some soap opera or other and had looked up and smiled brightly when she caught my wife's movement out of the corner of her eyes. 

"All done?" she called.

Carrie remember that her legs had felt like Jell-O as she descended the last few steps and came around the sofa to stop in front of her friend. She reached across her chest with one hand and grabbed the crook of her other arm with it self-consciously, looking around nervously like a wary bird.

"So...uh..so what do you want me to do?" my wife recalled asking.

"Well, take that sweatshirt off, it looks weird and it hangs down too low. I can't see anything" Terri had responded.

Carrie felt like she was in a dream. She wasn't wearing anything under her sweatshirt. Her bra was still upstairs. The whole scene was very strange. She remember Terri sitting there, leaning forward on the cushions of the couch, eyes focused on her like some kind of laser. "I'm...I'm not wearing anything" she stammered.

"So...that's OK. I've seen breasts before, Care" her friend pressed.

My wife looked down into the glowing and eager face of her friend. 'God, she's so pretty" she recalled thinking. Then, as if of their own accord, her hands reached down to the hem of her sweatshirt and pulled it up, lifting it over her full, heavy breasts. They jiggled sexily as she struggled a bit to pull the top over her head before settling firmly as she let it drop to the floor. 'God, my nipples are really hard', she noticed. God, was she getting aroused?

"Ohhh, yeahh" Terri breathed, staring at them, then standing up. Carrie watched in a state of stunned fascination as her gorgeous companion crossed the few feet between them. "Turn around Carrie" Terri whispered.

For reasons she didn't understand, Carrie obeyed again. Turning in an unsure stutter-step, she rotated her backside to Terri. She heard the swish of her friend's feet as they shuffled towards her across the thick pile carpet. Terri was suddenly much closer. Carrie felt her hot breath on her shoulder. She closed her eyes. Then she felt Terri's hands roaming over her white panty covered ass. "You're so fucking hot" Terri whispered into my wife's ear, leaning forward to press against her back. Carrie could feel the soft fabric of Terri's Cami and the warmth of her soft breasts beneath it as her friend leaned into her. She could feel the searching, plying fingers of her co-worker's hands as they squeezed and molded the curves of her cotton-covered ass, now under the soft globes, then stroking the valley between. Suddenly the hands came around her front, stroking slowly, almost painfully so up her tummy towards her large, firm breasts. Then they were there, first sliding underneath them, then cupping them, feeling them, hefting them. A low groan came from her friend, eliciting a similar moan from my wife. What was she doing? She hadn't done this kind of thing, since...since high school. But suddenly she felt wanted, needed. Sexy. The fingers pinched her nipples which, God, were now so hard, so long. Terri pulled them out from my wife's chest as her soft wet mouth descended to her shoulder. Carrie shuddered as she felt her new lover's tongue, hot and wet, descending downward to lick along her shoulder blade, trailing soft kisses along the way. Her friend's hands followed the slow, deliberate descent on the opposite side, dragging her fingertips and long, pink fingernails ever so softly down the sensitive flesh of her stomach, leaving tingling gooseflesh in their wake. Haggard, gasping breaths began to resonate through my beautiful brunette's chest as she felt the woman's hands slide around to her sides to gently grasp the elastic band of her panties. She closed her eyes tighter and whimpered as she became aware of those forbidden fingers tugging her underwear down off her hips, lowering them to the floor. She gasped as she felt her friend's soft lips kissing the curves of her ass, that wet tongue again searching the crevice of it. Carrie heard her friend moan again and then say "God baby you're fucking perfect!" as her tongue returned to flicking at the lower split between her soft cheeks, her friend's hands now firmly grasping the sides of her legs from behind. "How much do you like this Carrie?" Terri whispered.

"Oh God" was all Carrie could muster, gasping for air. She couldn't remember being that turned on for...well she couldn't remember period. Feelings were coursing through her like sparks flying from freshly stoked camp fire, escaping upward in a rush of fireflies in the chill night. More alive than she had felt in years she turned around to face her tormentor. Only this wasn't torment, except that somehow she knew this wasn't right. But that thought disappeared with the stroke of her liberator's fingers and tongue on her glistening, pulsing and now nearly bare pussy. Carrie felt herself beginning to shake.

"Oh Jesus, oh God Terri...suck...please" she whined.

Below her, a wide, satisfied smile of victory appeared on her pretty friend's lips. Terri had been waiting a long time to have this happen but could never figure out how to make the first move. "Lie down on the couch Carrie" she directed.
