 Marie stood in the shadows of the vending machine alcove in the dorm lobby. She felt depressed as she watched Tim and Lisa walk arm and arm out the main doors. She and Tim had been dating for 3 months when Lisa moved into the dorm. Within a month Tim had broken up with Marie and begun dating Lisa.

Shrugging her small shoulders Marie headed back to her room. She knew she could never compete with Lisa. Marie was a small petite brunette with green eyes and Lisa was a tall willowy drop dead gorgeous blonde.

As Marie entered her room, her room mate Lynn was getting ready to go out for the evening. Marie watched Lynn, at 5'7" she had a great body and a nice personality to match. Lynn turned and looked at Marie.

"Wanna come along tonight?" she asked. Lynn knew Marie was still in the dumps over Tim. "I'm going out with some friends but I may not be home tonight" Lynn wriggled her eyebrows at Marie and laughed.

"No thanks I need to do some studying but thanks for asking." Marie answered as she slide into the chair at her study desk. Marie knew that Lynn was gay. It didn't bother her but some of Lynn's friends were just a little too wide for Marie.

"Marie," Lynn sighed. "You can't let him get to you like this. He's not worth it. You're worth 10 Lisas but he's too blind to see that." Lynn hugged Marie then left to meet her friends.

Marie sat at the desk staring at her biology book for a long time then realized she hadn't absorbed a single word on the page. In frustration she snapped the book shut and let it fall on the desk. She knew the real reason for her frustration. She missed the sex she and Tim had. Her body was overriding her sensible mind and demanding some attention.

Marie stood up and looked at the clock, 10pm. She looked around the room and decided just to go to bed and get some sleep. She kicked off her Keds and pulled her socks off, leaving them beside her shoes in the floor. Padding barefoot across the room she stripped out of her jeans and crawled into be in her tee shirt and panties.

After laying there staring at the ceiling, Marie's mind wandered to the nights when Lisa had been out that she and Tim had made love together. Remembering how she had felt when he ran his hands over her body, Marie's hands began to wander over her tee shirt to her breasts.

She closed her eyes and gave herself over to the sensations that her hands were awakening in her body. As her nipples hardened she shed the tee shirt and cupped her 34b breasts in both hands as her thumb and forefingers rubbed and twisted her hard nipples. Slowly her right hand travel over the flat plain of her belly down to the elastic of her panties. 

Without even a conscious thought of what she was doing she slid her fingers under the elastic of her panties to rub her pussy lips. When her fingers touched the hairless mound her legs opened wider as if on their own. She pressed her middle finger between the lips of her pussy and sighed feeling the wetness she found. 

Marie pressed her finger into her wet pussy then brought the wet tip of her finger to slowly circle the hardening nub of her clit. As the first warm sensations spread thru her body, Marie kicked off the covers and spread her legs wider. Slowly she continued to rub her clit and dip her finger into her pussy for lubrication. 

Feeling the need to be free of all her clothing she quickly raised her hips and slid her panties down her legs, letting them drop to the floor beside her bed.
Sighing deeply she again let her finger find her clit as she began rubbing and pressing harder and faster. 

Marie felt the familiar sensation of a coiling feeling in her belly. She then used her left hand to press her finger deep into her very wet pussy while her right hand continued to massage her hard swollen clit. Soon she was moaning in small little sounds as her head turned from side to side. Feeling her orgasm approaching she inserted another finger into her pussy and fucked herself harder and faster. Her right hand still moving a finger around and over her clit. 

So her breath was deep and raspy as she felt her orgasm hit. "AAAAhhhhh" she moaned out loud. As her body shuddered and pulsed with her orgasm. 

Sighing deeply she began to relax as her orgasm subsided. Suddenly she heard a deep sigh and turning her head looked right into the eyes of Lisa, who stood staring at her. Embarrassed beyond belief Marie quickly pulled the sheet over her nude body. 

"Don't do that" Lynn whispered. "I thought you might be asleep so I was very quiet when I came in.
You look so beautiful when your orgasm, it almost made me cum too." She giggled.

Still embarrassed to her toes, Marie had a difficult time meeting Lynn's eyes. "I'm sorry you saw that. I thought you'd be gone all night" Marie stuttered.

"Honey, I wouldn't have missed this for anything." Lynn whispered and let her hand rest on Marie's thigh.
"You know I could make you feel better than any man could" Lynn told her.

Shocked, Marie could only stare with her jaw open. In the whole 6 months that she and Lynn had been roommates Lynn had never said anything like this before. 

"Ummmm I don't know if I could do that." Marie finally said.

Slowly Lynn slipped her hand under the sheet and onto Marie's bare thigh. "You'll never know unless you try." She whispered. While she spoke she moved her hand to the inside of Marie's thigh and inched upward till the tips of her finger were rubbing the slick wet lips of Marie's pussy.

Still uncertain of what to say or do Marie just stared into Lynn's eyes. Lynn took Marie's silence as acceptance and pressed her fingers deep into her wet pussy. Feeling the warm sensations that Lynn's fingers were making her feel. Marie relaxed back and closed her eyes.

Lynn flipped the sheet back and began fucking Marie's pussy with two fingers while her thumb pressed and rubbed her clit. "God your pussy is sooo wet" Lynn sighed as she felt her hand grow wet from Marie's pussy. Lynn kept up the steady movement of her fingers on Marie's pussy until she saw Marie's legs open wider and wider allowing more access to her very wet pussy. Unable to control her urge Lynn slid between Marie's legs and began to lick and tongue the wet pussy before her.

At the first touch of Lynn's tongue on her pussy Marie jerked and opened her eyes. "Lynn!" she gasped but feeling that warm soft tongue move over her clit drove all inhibitions from her mind.

When Lynn felt Marie relax under her mouth she began to alternate from licking her clit to sliding her tongue as deep as she could into her pussy. Soon Marie was moaning and twisting under Lynn's eager tongue.
Lynn began to suck on the hard swollen nub of Marie's clit. When she did this Marie started bucking her hips against Lynn's mouth.

"AAAAHHHH YEAH!" Marie said pressing her pussy up against Lynn's mouth encouraging her to suck harder on her clit. "OH MY GOD I'M GOING TO CUM" Marie called out.

Hearing this Lynn pushed her hands under Marie's ass and press her pussy tighter against her mouth as she sucked and licked her clit.

"OH GOD YES! I'M CUMMING!" Marie wailed as she at first stiffened then shuddered with the strength of her orgasm. Lynn continued to eat Marie thru two more mind blowing orgasms before she stopped.

Marie lay panting trying to bring her breathing under control as she stared at Lynn. "I don't know what to say" she gasped.

Lynn's smile widened as she said "How about 'Your turn now Lynn'?" Both woman laughed as Marie eagerly nodded her head.