 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all. 

*****

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them? Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

It was my twenty-fourth birthday. Yay! I am not really the type to make a big deal of such things, but this year I decided to go all out. I invited all my friends and family and had a mega party. The night started off slow, but by the time most of the guests had left, there were a dozen people passed out throughout the apartment. I had never really experienced such a thing—not that I had never attended a party, but throwing one was a first for me—so I was unsure how to deal. So I decided to go to bed and wait until the next day to worry about the party's aftermath. So with that, I strolled over to my room. Luckily, I was not drunk—I have not touched a drop of alcohol in years—or I would never have made it through the maze of bodies that cluttered the path from the living room to my bedroom.

Finally, I reached my room and closed the door behind me, happy for the first few moments of quiet in over six hours. I knew my roommates would undoubtedly be pissed at me—I had told them it would be a small celebration with a few friends and family—but I was too tired to even think of such things. I stripped and, fully naked, headed over to my bed.

"Ahhh..." I sighed as I slipped into bed, the sheets soft on my skin as my tired muscles finally relaxed. Closing my eyes, I knew it would be a matter of seconds before I passed out. Unfortunately, before I could, there was a knock on the door.

"Come in," I called out after releasing an exasperated sigh. Moments later, the door swung open and my best friend walked in. For the purposes of this story, let's call her Candy—I do not want to use her real name by fear of her learning of the kinky fantasy that would soon follow.

"Are you asleep?" asked Candy.

"Yes."

She hesitated for a second, as if unsure if I was actually asleep of just saying that—please do not think less of her; she was quite drunk. Finally, she realized I was being sarcastic.

"Can I come in?" she asked after letting a few chuckles flow past her lips. I nodded and she slipped into my room, closing the room behind her. But instead of speaking, she just stood there, staring down at me.

"Can I help you?" I asked. She snapped back to reality and opened her mouth. But nothing came out; she had lost her train of thought.

"That makes me want to drink so much," I thought sarcastically as I waited for her memory to return. Finally, it did.

"Can I sleep with you?" she asked. I was taken aback by the unexpected request. I had often fantasized about going to bed with her, but I had never thought it would happen under those circumstances.

"Why?" was all I found to say.

"Everywhere else if full," she explained. I suddenly remembered there were a dozen people passed out throughout the apartment. I considered refusing, thinking it would be a little awkward—I had had a crush on her for years and I was not sure I would be able to resist her. But I soon realized it was not fair of me to punish her for the way I felt. Finally, I nodded.

"Great!" she said and started to strip. I just lay there, frozen in shock as I watched my best friend get naked before me. I had never understood why people found the need the get drunk, but for the first time in my life, I was glad for alcohol. If not for the massive amount she had ingested, there was no way she would treat me to a striptease. Luckily, she was drunk as hell and totally free of inhibitions. When the final piece of clothing hit the floor, I looked her up and down, drinking in the sight of her flawless figure. Candy was a breathtaking young woman and it was a veritable miracle I did not retreat into a fantasy then and there. But that might have been because I did not want to miss a single second of that perfect moment.

It was not until she slipped under the covers, forcing her hand to brush against one of my boobs that a fantasy took hold of me. Reality faded in an instant, only to be replaced by one of the most powerful fantasies of my life.

"You're so hot!" said the fantasy me as she turned to the naked woman lying beside her.

"Wha..." started Candy, but that is all she had time to say before I took advantage of the fact that her mouth was open. Diving in, I thrust my tongue into her mouth as I forced my lips against hers. She was still talking when I started exploring her oral cavity. Though Candy had not yet reciprocated my eager tongue strokes—something she might never even do—I decided to escalate things. With my tongue still dancing around in her mouth, I got atop her and started grinding my nude body against hers.

By then, she had stopped talking and was just lying there as I ravaged her young body. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she reacted. Against all odds, she did not reject me. Instead, she joined me in a frenzied tongue dance and her hands soon found their way to my ass.

"Mmmmm!" we moaned in unison as we passionately made out. But the kiss was soon cut short when she used the firm grip she had on my buttock to flip me over, inverting our positions.

"Whoa!" I gasped as I peered up at my friend. But that was all I had time to say before she slid down along her body until her head was level with my chest. Not even giving me a second to understand what she was doing, she wrapped her lips around my right nipple.

"FUCK!" I half-moaned, half-yelled as I felt a powerful wave of arousal wash over me. But the moan barely had time to leave my lips that she pulled away and shushed me, reminding me the apartment was still full of friends and relatives.

"Shit!" I whispered before placing a hand atop my mouth to keep myself from repeating my mistake. Meanwhile, Candy returned her focus to my boobs and started playing with them, soon forcing me to produce moan after moan. This continued for a few seconds before she decided to move on to better and tastier things.

"Wai..." I started, but that was as far as I got before I saw her vanish beneath the covers and felt her tongue on my pussy.

"Fu..." I started, but soon placed a hand on my mouth. I struggled to keep quiet as my friend started flicking her tongue back and forth across my labia. My heart started to beat faster as more waves of arousal washed over me. As satisfying as the feel of that tongue of hers on my lower lips was, I soon started craving more. Removing the hand from my mouth, I grabbed the covers and pulled them up and over my head.

"Finger-fuck me!" I begged in a sensual whisper.

"As you wish," she said, "You're the birthday girl after all."

I giggled for a second, but the chuckles soon turned into a moan when I felt one of her fingers slide into my soaking wet cunt.

"FUCK!" I yelled. Luckily, the sound was muffled by the covers I was forcing into my mouth to keep myself quiet. Satisfied by my reaction, she decided to add another, forcing yet another powerful moan past my lips. She started jerking her hand back and forth, forcing her two fingers in and out of me.

"OH GOD!" I yelled through the covers. This went on for a few seconds before I realized I wanted more. Spitting out the ball of covers I had been sucking on for the past few seconds, I begged her to add another. If not for the fact that she was drunk out of her mind, she would surely have questioned the request. Luckily, she did not and simply added a third finger. The finger-fucking that ensued was slightly slowed by the added finger, but the blissful feeling that filled me soon made up for it.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned through the covers as my arousal skyrocketed. Still, I soon realized I wanted even more.

"Add another!" I ordered.

"A... are you sure?" she asked. Apparently, she was drunk enough for three fingers, but not four.

"Just do it!"

"I can't." she admitted after a few seconds.

"I said do it!" I ordered in a threatening voice.

"No, I mean I literally can't do it; you're wet, but not enough."

"Oh!" I gasped understandingly. Luckily, the solution soon came to me. I slipped out of bed and hurried over to the commode which stood near my bed. After unlocking the third drawer I pulled it open to reveal a multitude of sex toys—I'm an erotica author, remember? That means I am a kinky girl! Okay, maybe not all erotica writers are, but I sure as hell am! Anyway, back to the fantasy. I grabbed a tube of lubricant and returned to my bed.

"Here!" I said as I handed Candy the lube. I knew she was shocked by my impressive collection of sex toys, but she did not say a word. Instead, she squirted quite a considerable amount of lube into her hand. Moments later, we were back under the covers and she was fumbling around in the dark to find my cunt. She soon found it and, less than a second later, I felt her slide all four of her fingers into me.

"FUCK!" I moaned, my cry only barely muffled by the covers. The cry barely had time to leave my lips that Candy started thrusting her hand in and out of me. If not for her thumb which bumped against my cunt with each penetration, she would have her entire fi...

Suddenly, I realized something; I still wanted more! Not taking a second to consider what I was about to do, I said two simple words.

"Fist me!"

I felt Candy's hand stop mid-thrust. Though I could not see her face through the darkness, I knew she had an expression of total shock plastered across her face. I had expected her to make sure I was certain, but instead, she just got to work. It took her a few seconds, but I soon felt her entire fist slide into me.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I shrieked blissfully. Luckily, I had had the presence of mind to grab a pillow and place it over my mouth, so the cry was mostly muffled.

Not a second after penetration, Candy started jerking her arm back and forth, forcing her entire hand—thumb and all—to slide in and out of me with increasing speed. I could feel my pussy stretched past all previous limits as she fervently fisted me. I had tried fisting myself a few times, but had actually never managed to achieve full penetration due to my lack of flexibility. But that did not matter now; I had a fist flying in and out of me and that was all that mattered. Well, that and the powerful orgasm that was building up within me. Moments later, I felt my entire body start to spasm as the first wave flowed up from the depths of my pussy.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I shrieked again as I started spraying wave after wave of hot orgasmilk onto my best friend's face. Luckily, she braved on and continued furiously fisting my pussy, forcing my orgasm to rage on and on. By the time the final wave flowed out of me, my entire lower body felt wet—and so did the sheets. Unfortunately, that was all I had time to notice before I got snapped back to reality—or should I say slapped?

My eyes flew open and I glanced around. I realized a few things. The first was that what had started as a fantasy had turned into a dream. I was not sure exactly when I had fallen asleep, but that did not stop my fantasy/dream from being one of the most vivid of my life. The second thing I noticed was that Candy had also fallen asleep, which led me to believe she had slapped me in her sleep and not on purpose. Still, my cheek still stung from where her palm had landed just moments before. I was partly angry at Candy for putting an end to my fantasy, but also thankful for the gift her fantasy self had given me.

"Best birthday present ever," I thought, but I soon realized that was a lie; a truly fantastic present would have been a real-life fisting. But a fantasy was better than nothing and no one can tell what the future holds. Maybe someday I will feel Candy's fist inside of me...