 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

A few months ago, my friend gave birth to her first child. I was thrilled for her, but also a little freaked out. We were both the same age and, up until then, we had been mostly equal when it came to our development as women. Though I honestly believe marriage is a waste of money and children are the best way to lose your identity as an individual—don't get me wrong, I love kids, just as long as they belong to someone else—I could not help but feel jealous. What's more, having a friend with a child made me feel old. Of course, I know twenty-five is far from ancient, but feelings and logic rarely mix.

The months following the birth, we didn't see each other once. She was busy changing diapers and I was busy juggling my writing career with my summer job and about half a dozen other things. We tried making plans to hang out a few times, but our schedules never seemed to line up. Believe it or not, it took a full three months before we managed to agree on a date and time.

I was incredibly nervous when I rang the doorbell. My friend had always been a knockout, but the last time I had seen her, she had not been the woman I had always known and secretly had a crush. Pregnancy had turned her into an overweight, pimply-faced slob. I know that makes me shallow, but appearance is extremely important to me, even when it comes to my friends.

"Please be hot. Please be hot. Please be hot." I kept whispering to myself as I waited for her to answer the door. When I finally laid eyes on her, a relieved sigh escaped me. She had lost all of her pregnancy weight and her skin had cleared up. She was back to her old, drop-dead-gorgeous self.

"You look hot," was the first thing I said.

My friend blushed ever so slightly.

"Thanks," she said as she sidestepped to let me in.

We barely even had time to share an it's been too long since we last saw each other hug before I was dragged to the next room to see the baby. As I said before, I love kids, but I am not one to talk in a baby voice or fawn over a human being that is not even able to speak. However, I had to admit he was a cute little guy.

Once she had received enough compliments for both her and her child, the three of us retired to the living room. We began by bringing each other up to date on the last three months of our lives. This was followed by a rather intense gossip exchange session. However, it paled in comparison to the overwhelming arousal that washed over me when she spoke a few simple words that would change my life. At least my fantasy life.

"Do you mind if I breastfeed?" she asked.

I was breastfed as a child, so I'm not new to the concept. Plus, I'm a lesbian, so seeing another woman's breasts is not exactly unusual for me. And, given the intense crush I still had on my friend, being exposed to her boobs was a fantasy come true.

"O—of course not," I stuttered, hoping she did not notice how red my cheeks had gotten.

I watched in giddy anticipation as she unbuttoned her blouse. Moments later, one of her breasts popped out. It was bigger than I recalled, but that was normal given the milk that filled it. The nipple was puffy and red and the sight of it drove me wild with desire. I knew it was wrong of me to take advantage of the situation, but I couldn't help but get turned on. I tore my gaze away just as the baby's lips reached the nipple.

I managed to keep my arousal contained long enough for my friend's baby to fall asleep. Tucking her breast back into her blouse, she informed me she would go put him down for a nap and that she would be back in a few minutes. I had been struggling to keep my arousal under wraps and all I could muster was a slight nod. I held out just long enough for my friend to vanish from sight. As soon as she was gone, I stopped fighting the fantasy that was struggling to burst free and sighed in relief as reality faded.

Moments after my fantasy began, my friend returned. The baby was nowhere to be see, which was a good thing given the fact that she was now naked. I had fantasized about this moment for years, yet she now looked hotter than I ever could have imagined. She was perfect in every way, be it her engorged breasts or her tight, clean-shaven pussy.

"What a shame she's not a lesbian," I thought, but what I said aloud was, "Wh—what are you doing?"

She didn't answer. Instead, she strode toward me, a look of fierce determination in her eyes.

"I saw how you looked at me before," she finally said, obviously referring to my reaction upon seeing her breast.

I didn't know what to say, so I remained silent. That was a good thing, because she yanked me to my feet as soon as she reached the couch and pulled me in for a passionate kiss. I was taken by surprised, but quickly recovered and reciprocated her eager tongue strokes.

When she finally released me, I fell back down onto the couch. I stared up at her and my eyes landed on her breasts. I couldn't help but smile as I studied them. They looked even more engorged than before.

"Would you like to suck them?" she eventually asked with a devious smile.

I hadn't even thought of that, but now what the offer was on the table, there was no way I could refuse it. I nodded shyly and watched in giddy anticipation as my friend kneeled on the couch before me. Her breasts were now level with my face and all I had to do was lean forward and suck. And that was exactly what I did.

It felt a little odd at first, but I when the first few drops of milk poured into my mouth, everything changed. The memories of my childhood returned and I instantly recalled just how to suck to extract as much milk as possible. The creamy liquid began to flow down my throat and my arousal level spiked.

I drank for what felt like an eternity, making sure to tease my friend's nipples in the process. Apparently, I was doing a good job, because I felt her body shiver with excitement each time my tongue made contact with one of her nipples. When I was certain she was on the verge of going insane from all that teasing, I pulled away. My mouth full of hot milk, I pulled her down for a passionate kiss.

Our tongues danced around in an ocean of creamy, white liquid as moans flowed past our lips. Once every last drop had been ingested, I returned to the source for more. This went on for a few minutes before I decided to take things to the next level. Pulling away from her breasts for the final time, I tried to make my way down to her pussy, but she stopped me before I could.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"This is your fantasy," she reminded me, "not mine."

"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?" I wondered as I watched her jump up and rush out of the room. Unfortunately, the answer was not revealed until a few minutes later, when she returned with a large strapon attached to her flawless figure.

I would have gladly made her climax, but apparently, she had other plans in mind. And given the size of the strapon, I got the feeling I would enjoy every seconds of whatever it was she had planned for me. In anticipation of this, I began tearing off my clothes.

"Get on your hands and knees!" she ordered as soon as I was naked. One of her arm was outstretched and her index pointed to the floor in front of the couch. I was a little disappointed that I would not get to suck her boobs while she fucked me, but I knew it was not a good idea to disobey her. I let myself slide off the couch and got into position. I barely had time to offer her my ass that she was kneeling behind me, pressing the tip of her silicone spear against my engorged labia.

"Ready?" she asked.

I nodded, too excited to speak. But my voice soon returned when she propelled every last inch of her massive toy into me.

"Fuck!" I yelled as she began pounding me. I was surprised by the intensity of her thrusts, yet that soon became irrelevant when something hot started splashing down onto my back. It was not until I glanced back and found my friend squeezing her breasts that I realized it was milk. I found this behavior a little odd, but I had to admit it was extremely enjoyable. Perhaps it was the taboo factor. Or perhaps it was the knowledge that milk was good for the skin. Or perhaps it was simply the fact that I was being pounded by my beautiful friend. Whatever the cause, I had not been this aroused in quite some time and a powerful orgasm soon grew within me.

I wanted to warn her of my impending climax, but my pussy came to life before I could. It convulsed madly around my friend's "cock" as I buried my face in the couch cushions to keep from disturbing the neighbors. The last thing I wanted was for someone to disturb us during one of the most intense orgasms of my life. Unfortunately, that was exactly what happened. Well, sort of.

I was snapped back to reality by my friend entering the room. I was still seated on the couch, only now I was fully dressed and so was my friend. Of course, there was no sign of a strapon.

"Now we can finally talk," she said as she took a seat next to me, but before she could place another word, a high-pitched cry emerged from the baby's room.

"I'll be right back," she promised as she stood up. From the slump in her shoulders and the dragging of her feet, I could tell that being a mother was hard on her, but she still looked as hot as ever. In fact, I felt another fantasy grab hold of me as I watched her ass sway from side to side. Maybe we wouldn't get to hang out after all, but at least my visit would give me a few fantasies to keep my busy until the baby was old enough to feed himself without his mother's breasts, her beautiful, milk-filled breasts.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez