 I will never forget the first time I met Sheyna. It made me regret the fact that I was born a girl. Well I didn't regret it afterwards, but then I am getting way ahead of myself here. 2 years ago, I was running down the streets of New York, 10 minutes late for my first job interview mad as hell and wearing the most inappropriate blouse which was the one that fell into my hand in my mad scramble. It was too low and I was wearing a green bra to top that up. My only solace was the it was a lady, I had the appointment with, so I was safe. I rushed into the reception almost knocking someone over. The receptionist, a young hottie, looked me over, her eyes going dissapprovingly to my cleavage that left nothing much to the imagination. She made me wait for almost 10 minutes more before she escorted me to this room at the end of the hall. I absently looked at her swaying hips encased in a tight short skirt that ended well above her long legs. She seemed a little chubby with generous amounts of flesh where ever I checked out. She was as tall as me, 5' 6". But thats where the comparison ended. She had a flatter bust and and pointed face. Her blue eyes had an amused look when she surveyed my assets again, her annoyance slowly evaporating into a thin smile. Her lips were thin and cheekbones high. One thing I liked about her was her neck. It was slender and long and made me want to kiss it! I pushed all these thoughts away as she ushered me to the room. She made me sit and asked whether I would like a coffee. She did that bending towards me attentively and I got a glimpse of her breasts. They were small but lovely encased in a lace bra. She caught me looking that sent the blood rushing to my face again! Oh god, I am acting like a guy I thought to myself as I declined the offer for coffee and sat down to collect my thoughts. I was trying to make up a story in case I was asked why I was late.

Before long, the door opened and I smelled Sheyna before I actually saw her. Her perfume was overpowering and I got up hastily adjusting my blouse clumsily and making it even worse. She came to me and I almost sat down. She was the most gorgeous lady. Brunette with shoulder length hair with deep brown eyes. I was instantly mesmerised by her gaze. She gave me the most appraising look, her eyes faltering a bit at the sight of my cleavage. I kicked myself mentally. Here I was, dressed like a slut, in front of the most gorgeous lady I have ever seen. For a moment I wished I were a guy. She wore a business suit, and I could see a significant bulge under her coat. She wore no make up. This lady didn't need any. Her skin was blemishless and had a wonderful tan suggesting that she spent a lot of time in the sun. Her face was pleasant and broke into a smile easily. Her hair was lose over her shoulders and she had this habit of running her finger just over her ear to put it in place. Everytime her hand went up, I couldn't help but gaze at the bulge under her coat that was trying to break free. Oh my god, I am thinking like a guy, I said to myself, kicking myself mentally.

She kept her attention on my resume. There wasn't much on it but she read it attentively. 

"Er.. maam. I am so sorry that I was late for the appointment," I stammered wringing my hands.

"Oh thats fine and you can call me Sheyna," she said looking up at me.

"Why dont you relax?" she said smiling again. I felt myself blushing.

"Looks like you got dressed in a mighty hurry."

I blushed again, straightening up my blouse. Oh gosh, why did I have such big boobs? Well, I am quite proud of them. They are 34D and I do get noticed or rather they get noticed much more than my face gets noticed. But this is the first time I got stares from 2 lovely ladies on the same day.

"Well, Sarah, tell me a little bit about yourself," she asked, her gaze direct but soft.

I rambled on about my education and how I needed a part time job to make ends meet. After I finished, she looked at me.

"Well, your job will be pretty simple. You will need to be my secretary for a period of 6 months, until my regular girl gets better. She was involved in an accident. I am not difficult to work for. You need to maintain my diary and make sure I don't miss any of my meetings. So can you start today?"

I was delighted. I got up in a rush of gratitude, I hugged her hard.

"Oh thank you so much maam..er I mean Sheyna," I said. She returned my hug. It felt so good to be hugged without being groped.

Sheyna called her receptionist Betty and got her to introduce me to the rest of the staff. It was a small communications firm with a female staff. I did not see any guys around. The company was run by Sheyna and her staff of 6 ladies. I had to sit in Sheyna's room which was really cosy and had a fantastic view. Her room was right at the end of the hall and was away from the main office. Strangely, my desk was almost next to her so that I got a good glimpse of her in every possible posture and it was a treat for my tired eyes. She was absolutely comfortable around me and removed her coat exposing her lovely chest. I had a hard time looking at her face when she spoke to me. I was intrigued by the sight. If she noticed my stares, she never let on.

She took me downstairs to lunch.We talked about lots of stuff. I realised that she was not married and was basically a workaholic. She seemed fun to be with and the other girls joined us too. They were a fun bunch and I was happy that I was selected. No men for at least six month I hoped.

We went back to work. Sheyna showed me around and got me inducted to most of the day to day functions. She had this habit of coming to my desk rather than calling me. when I mentioned that she can ask me to come to her, she smiled and said that she enjoyed the exercise. When she stood next to me, I could smell her perfume and I could feel her body heat radiating. I began to enjoy her visits to my desk. I also felt something else. I felt her looking down my blouse. It confused me and delighted me at the same time. I kept telling myself that I was imagining it. But once I caught her red handed when I went to her desk on one of those rare occasions and I happened to look up as I bent over her desk. Her gaze was unashamedly on my cleavage. She smiled and apologised.

"Sorry, Sarah, your blouse distracted me," she laughed.

"Oh thats ok," I blurted, without thinking and blushed as I realised the implications of my statement. As if on cue she looked at my cleavage again. I lingered for a while longer, daring myself to tease her a little.

"Maybe I should ask you to wear this blouse more often," she said and for some reason I didn't think she was joking. Then I did a strange thing, surprising myself. I took my coat off and the next time she came to my desk, I let her have more than an eyeful. She drew a chair next to me to take me through a document and kept glancing at my blouse. I indulged her. I am not a lesbian but this lady was making me do things I would never dream of doing.

Her touch was so gentle when she wanted to get my attention. She always made it a point to either touch my hand or arm when she came to talk to me. She would sit or stand so close that I had to control myself not to lean against her and feel her warmth.

"Sarah, do you think you could stay back a little late today? I have an important meeting at 6 and I need you to be around in case I need anything."

I nodded. "The only thing is that I might need to trouble you for a ride home," I said.

"Deal. Lets get a bite to eat afterwards too," she said, her eyes twinkling. Was I imagining it or was our chemistry reacting? I shook my head trying to concentrate on my work.

"Sarah can you get me a couple of Asprins from the lowest drawer of your desk?" She said. I almost fell out of my chair when I found the contents of the lower drawer also included a naughty looking strap on dildo. I almost screamed but managed to control myself. I got her Asprins and it was a while before I could stand without shaking. Oh my god, what have I got myself into? I asked myself.

Well Sheyna left for the meeting and I was left to my own devices. So I started absently going through the computer's hard drive. Now this is called snooping. I was looking for juicy stuff. If you have a dildo in your office, you need to have entertainment and that was my logic. Well I did find some juicy stuff. The hard disk was full of porn. Lesbian porn. I opened a couple of files and closed them hurriedly thinking that the office might have hidden cams. But it didnt take me long to get over that inhibition. Before long I was watching Nina hartley licking Asia Carrera. Oh my god, I was getting so excited and I realised that I was getting wetter by the minute.

Before long my hand was in my pants rubbing my wet panty. Then the damn phone rang. I almost screamed again!! It took me a few seconds to realised that its the phone. I answered, my voice sounding funny and I was panting.

It was Sheyna. "Sarah, are you ok?" she asked.

"Y..yess.. " I stammered pinching my thigh hard to bring myself back to earth.

"I am almost done and I will be there in about 15 minutes," she said hanging up.

Nina was buried inside Asia. I had to turn it off reluctantly feeling unfulfilled. I managed to straighten up before Sheyna came. I had time to look at the dildo again. I could smell Sheyna's perfume on it and that scared and tantalised me at the same time. I found myself absently smelling the dildo before I realised what I was doing and I dropped it. To my horror, I came apart. For the third time, I screamed just as Sheyna opened the door. She rushed to my side and I realised that I might get fired the first day on the job for watching porn and breaking my boss's strap on dildo that was stored in her secretary's desk!

Before I could say a thing, she picked up the dildo and expertly put it together and put it back in the drawer. I was speechless. "Happens all the time," she smiled."I meant to get a new one, but never got round to it. Get your things, I am taking you to dinner."

I stood rooted to the spot and barely managed to gather up my things and followed her to her car. I tried to tell her a number of times and she kept asking me not to worry about it. We went to this lovely Italian restaurent that served fantastic food. Sheyna seemed to know everyone there. During dinner, she admitted that she was a lesbian. I was tonguetied again. She didn't seem to notice. we were in a booth and seated next to each other. I willed myself not to get up and move over to the other side. I just turned to her and listened to how she realised that she was different at an early age. She described her first time with one of her tutors. After a while I found myself getting wet again. I squirmed in my seat not knowing what to do. Sheyna, put her hand on my thigh. I almost screamed again. Her hands started to caress my thigh, while she gazed deeply into my eyes. I felt like a rabbit caught in the headlights. My thighs parted and she started to rub the inside of my thigh sending shivers up my spine. Here I was, on the first day of my dream job with my boss with her hand between my legs. How many, ladies had this priviledge as I felt her moving towards my crotch. My pants were quite tight so when she ran her fingers over the crotch, I felt her fingers. My pants were getting soaked. she kept rubbing me over the pants, her finger increasing its pressure. I suppressed a moan.

She came closer. "You are a very sexy girl. I fell for you the moment I saw you. I found it so hard to control myself the whole day today. Sarah, don't ask me to stop now. I want you," she whispered into my ear, making goosebumps appear all over my body. I nodded. Yes, I nodded. I would have done anything for her at that moment. We walked, no we ran to the car. she opened the back seat motioning for me to get in. I got in. The door closed and Sheyna was literally all over me kissing and sobbing and moaning all at the same time. Her lips found mine and it was as if I was kissing a tornado. There was so much pent up energy in her that was coming out like this fantastic force. I have never been kissed by a woman and this is something I will remember for the rest of my days. I never felt this needed by anyone I have come into contact with and the feeling was fabulous. After a few minutes of kissing, she subsided. "I am so sorry, but you drove me nuts the whole day with your cleavage girl," she laughed straightening my blouse.

I just took her hand and placed it under the blouse. She needed no second invitation. "Touch me Sheyna," I said my voice cracking under the stress and passion. She ripped my blouse apart, exposing my bra. she sucked the lace tasting and moaning. I took off my bra wanting her mouth on my breasts. I wanted her to taste me. All of me. I was going crazy with this sexy woman.

I took her hand and placed it on my crotch making her rub it. I got hold of her breast and started to knead it.

"Please Sheyna, I need to cum very bady," I begged, surprised at the sound of my own voice. She put her arm around my neck pulled her to me and kissed me passionately, unbuttoning my pants. I helped her push it down wriggling in my seat making her job easier as I felt her hot tongue explore mine. She put her hand inside my panty understanding my urgency and I felt her tease my slit exploring it. Then she rubbed the whole length of the slit as she kissed me tenderly. I let her take over me and it felt far more erotic than any man had ever made me feel. I would have done anything for her then. I felt her finger slip into my pussy easing gently into it. I spread my legs further to give her more room. I felt her explore my insides gently probing, moving sliding in my wet hot pussy. I pushed against her hand, impatient. She increased her pace. Her hand around my neck went down at the front and caressed my nipple and pinched it as she fingered me. It was as if I was floating. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the moment. Being in my bosses arms, being fingered by her. So gentle. So loving. I didn't want it to stop.

The sensation became so intense that I started to suck on her tongue so hard and she moved her hand faster. I felt a scream start deep in me as I shuddered in the most amazing climax I have ever had. She kept moving her fingers until the sensation was too much for me and I had to stop her hand moving in me. She kept kissing me. I felt so exhausted and energised at the same time. I felt I could sleep in her arms forever. After a while she pulled away. I pulled her back to me wanting to return the favour. But she shook her head.

"Lets take things slowly, baby," she said. "This is what I wanted. I wanted to make you cum with my hand. We have six months," she said sighing and looked into my eyes.

"Did you like it?" she asked. I nodded looking back at her. Then the most amazing feeling overcame me. I turned to her and pushed her back against the seat. I moved in between her legs and started to kiss her. She did not resist, returning my kiss, pleasantly surprised. I went berserk. I almost ripped her tshirt off trying to get at her breasts. And they were absolutely gorgeous and I unsnapped the front opening bra. They were enormous and must have been at least 36D. I licked her cleavage moving to one of the breasts sucking around the nipple before I moved to her nipple. Her nipple was relatively small and was rock hard in my mouth. I sucked and sucked. She just lay there and caressed my head as I sucked her hungrily. Then I moved to her tummy and licked it all over. Her skin was smooth as silk and I moved lower. I did an unusual thing, I started to lick her pants moving to the crotch, wetting it. It was silky and black and she almost jumped as she felt my tongue on the material and then when I found the outlines of ther pussy under the fabric did I realise that she had ditched her panties before we got to the car. I licked her over the pants. I realised I was driving her crazy as I felt her raise her hips to me. I pulled down the pants exposing her wet pussy. It was clean shaven. I looked up at her. "I..I have never done this... hh.how should I lick it?" I stammered.

"Well just like any other guy would lick you. Just pretend its my mouth and start from there."

I was tentative at first as I felt her womanly smell. When my lips touched her skin, she gasped pulling my head into her pussy. I started to lick the slit moving up and down tasting her. I kept licking her and I felt her reach under her thighs and I saw her finger rubbing her anus. To my amazement, she pushed one finger in moving in time to my licking. I inserted a finger into her pussy as I sucked her clit. She was moaning and urging me on, calling me all sorts of endearing names. I kept my assault on her pussy even though my jaw ached. I felt her orgasm beginning. She shuddered as she came and she squirted all over my face. I have seen the phenomenon on porn but it was weird to experience it first hand. She screamed so loud when she came clenching her hands on my skin.

We waited for a while so that our excitement subsided to an acceptable level. She pulled me up and kissed me hard. "I am so sorry. I forgot to warn you about the squirting," she said. I didn't say a word. I just kissed her again returning her gentle smile.

Afterwards, we cleaned up and went back home. She dropped me off and no she did not come up. I thought we had our share of excitement for the night. But I went back home and humped my shower hose thinking of her!! I couldnt wait until our next encounter.


To be continued...