 If you missed my first story, my name is Sarah and I am 19 yrs and I met Sheyna, a gorgeous brunette who is now my boss. On the first day on the job, I ended up with Sheyna giving me a fantastic orgasm in the back seat of her car. It was my first lesbian experience and I was hooked.

The next day I decided to be a sexy in my attire. I wore a short black skirt that ended a couple of inches above my knee. I wore my hair loose. I also wore a low neck top that showed a generous amount of my deep cleavage. I wore a black lacy bra and matching panties. With this kit, I walked into office early morning. Betty was at her usual perch and her eyes almost fell out of her head when she saw me. She gave me a wide smile as I walked upto her to sign in. I bent over the table unnecessarily as I signed in giving her another glimpse of my 34 D breasts. She couldn't resist looking at them. I realised that being Sheyna's receptionist and being the gorgeous girl she is, that at one time or the other Sheyna would have got into this young girls pants as well.


I turned and with an exaggerated swing of my hips and walked towards Sheyna's office feeling Betty's eyes on me. I just logged onto my PC and heard someone come into the room. It was Betty.

"Hey, Sarah, are you busy?" she asked.

"No, come on in," I said. She was dressed in a pair of tight pants that accentuated her figure and a high neck sleeveless blouse. I couldn't help but look at her figure with my eyes resting on her crotch. She looked sexy in her outfit. She walked upto me and stood close. I felt her looking down my blouse.

"Did Sheyna, take you out last night? " she asked. There was a trace of envy in her voice. I nodded.

"Well, did she take you home or did you guys do it in the car?" she asked laughingly. She went on to explain that it was a regular part of Sheyna's induction process to the company. I learnt that most of the girls in the company were either bisexual or lesbian. While I was talking to her, my elbow was jutting out. Betty started to lean against my elbow rubbing her crotch against it. I kept my hand there, my pulse quickening as she kept talking about the plus points of working here. I started to push my elbow against her in a feeling her mound under my elbow.

"Sarah, your breasts are fantastic" she said, looking unashamedly at my breasts. I did something that surprised even me. I took her hand and placed it on my right breast giving her a gentle smile. Her hand trembled as it started to squeeze my breast. Her touch was gentle in contrast to Sheyna's first time with me. She bent towards my face. I pulled her to me with my hands and kissed her lips lightly, my arms going around her long neck. Then I made her sit on the table, stood up and moved between her legs. My tongue duelled with hers, playfully wrestling with her. She kept rubbing against my breasts.

I pushed my breasts against hers and started to kiss her hard. I first sucked her lower lip moving down to her chin, biting it playfully. Then moved back up to her upper lip, tracing it with my tongue. Then I kissed her, opening my mouth and sending out my long tongue on a mission to conquer her mouth. We kept kissing for what seemed like hours to me. She pushed me back so that she could get a good look at my boobs. She reached up and slipped off my tshirt, exposing my lacy bra. She bent over and started licking the straps, biting and pulling then with her teeth. It felt extremely erotic. I caressed her breasts over her bra while she played with my strapped. Then she did the most erotic thing I have seen. She lifted my arm and started to suck on my shaved armpit. Some of you may think that its gross, but it was the most wonderful feeling in the world. It made me shiver. She kept sucking on the skin running her tongue up and down. It made my breath come faster and a moan escaped my lips.

I started to unbutton her blouse exposing her padded bra. She moved down to my bra cup, running her tongue along the top seam trying to push her tongue under it. I slipped off one of the straps of my bra and made it easy for her. She moved down to the cup and started to lick it running her tongue over the nipple over the cup. I pulled her to my nipple making her suck it harder. I felt my panty getting wet. 

I pulled her off my nipple with difficulty and started to kiss her long neck. She shuddered as I started sucking her neck while biting it lightly. I slipped off her bra straps, pushing the whole bra down while I kissed her neck. Her breasts were high and small, and I could cover one with the palm of my hand. On top of that, she had puffy nipples which drove me crazy. I started to lick around her nipple, teasing her a little and trying hard to avoid her puffy pink nipples. It was so hard not to suck them. But I knew through experience that a woman needed to be licked around her nipple to make it even more sensual and pleasurable. I suddenly started to suck on her puffy nipple. She moaned and lifted herself off the table trying to give me all of her breast to suck. I took in as much as I could manage. I kept sucking her as I ran my tongue over her hard nipple. Her nipple was so soft and suckable. I kept sucking her and felt her body respond. I started to rub her tummy caressing it and moving down towards her crotch. I unzipped her panties and pushed it down while kissing her nipple. I cupped her wet panty making her moan louder. My finger dipping into the crevice pushing the panty material into her slit.

She groaned, pushing my head down to her pussy. I started to lick her thighs moving up slowly. I could smell the fragrance of her pussy juice and her wet panties. I pushed it aside and started to lick the corner of her pussy near her thigh, tasting the puffy skin and moving towards the middle. She was completely shaved. I felt my tongue slide over her smooth skin. I moved up to her clit pushing my tongue between the lips, finding the little knob. I started to tease her clit tracing the outline of it, teasing it out of its hiding place. 

"Ohhhh...Sarah..oh..baby..oh god.. please suck my clit..baby..ahhhhh....oh god!!" Betty hung on to me with her dear life urging me on. But she didn't let me lick her clit for long.

She pulled me up and hugged me. She then started to suck on my lips tasting her pussy on them. I closed them tight as she sucked them, moaning. Her legs encircled me as she kept sucking my lips. I opened my mouth letting her probing tongue into mine. I took my bra off in the process and unsnapped Betty's bra that was half off. We crushed our breasts as we kissed and kissed. It felt so nice to feel my breasts rubbing against hers. She pushed my hand to her pussy and thats all the encouragement I needed. I started to push the panty down and with her help, we had it off and I used all of my fingers to tease her nether lips. I felt her gasp into my mouth as my fingers made a similar motion to typing on the keyboard across her slit. Then she pushed my hand further down. I didn't realise what she was doing until one of my fingers reached her anus. She took her mouth away from mine for a few seconds to ask me rub her rim. I started to rub her anus, teasing her rim and making her moan louder. My finger was so wet that it slipped in a few millimeters and the effect was like magic. Betty pushed herself against my finger. I had no choice but to move my finger at her pace. I slipped another finger into her pussy so that I had one in her ass and one in her pussy. She kissed me hard as she moved against my hand moaning my name out loud. "Oh, Sarah baby, fuck my pussy and ass with your gorgeous fingers ...... aaaaahhhh.. ," she moaned rocking against my hand.

I was so engrossed in what I was doing that I didn't notice that we had a visitor. I realised that someone else was in the room only when I felt a hand caress the back of my legs. I turned around to see Sheyna and she just smiled as she caressed my legs.

"Betty, you couldn't wait to get your hands on this young girl, huh?" she said. She urged me on as she knelt behind me. I shuddered as I felt her tongue trace the back of my leg. She pushed my skirt up exposing my ass and panty. She unzipped the skirt and let it fall to the floor. She then proceeded to rub my ass, kneading the soft flesh in her her hand. I could feel her breasts rubbing against the back of my thigh. In the mean time Betty asked me to stop my onslaught to let her experience a longer orgasm. She let me have her breasts to be sucked. I didn't mind diverting my attention to her breasts. I started to lick all over the puffy skin moving slowly towards the nipple. Sheyna continued to knead my buns. Then I felt her nose against my panty. I felt her smelling my pussy. 

"Oh Sarah, I love the smell of your pussy," she moaned, rubbing her noses on the slit through the panty. I pushed my pussy against her face, but she kept avoiding it. Then suddenlt, as I was begining to get a little impatient, she started to lick my pussy throught the panty. Stabbing her tongue into the slit. I hugged Betty hard as I sucked her nipple making her moan louder. I wanted to give Betty pleasure of the same intensity I was feeling them. After what seems an eternity, Sheyna, pushed my panty down. She started to lick my bum and gently bite it. Her fingers were tantalisingly close to my pussy. Yet, she avoided it. She started to lick the back of my thigh moving slowly towards my pussy. Then again as before she stopped giggling at my frustration. Then she suddenly sucked my pussy so hard that I had to hold on to Betty, feeling her tongue stab into it and go deep.

I spread my legs so that she would have easy access to my pussy. She french kissed it with her mouth as her nose rubbed against my anus. She fucked my pussy with her tongue while teasing my clit. I kept grinding against her, moaning.

Betty whispered that she wanted my mouth on her pussy again. I gladly obliged. I moved my head between her legs as my finger rubbed her anus again. My finger teased her little brown opening, running my finger around the rim as I licked her wet pussy. Her juice was thick, and slimy. I took some of it and rubbed it on my asshole reaching behind me. Sheyna, got the message and immediately her finger was buried in my ass after a passionate licking session on my ass. 

As my fingers went into Betty's pussy and ass. I felt Sheyna's finger enter my pussy, then a second as she fingered me. Just then Betty shuddered as her body experienced the orgasm. She held on to me as she pushed against my hand and then her movements slowly subsided. She lay there in my arms as I felt Sheyna's finger in me. Betty realised what was going on and started to suck my breasts, intensifying my experience. I have never been made love to by two women and it was the most wonderful feeling in the world. So gentle, so loving and best of all, no stubble!!

I pushed against Sheyna's hand faster feeling my orgasm near and then with a shudder I was there. I held onto Betty as she sucked my nipple and experienced a rocking orgasm at the handS of my boss - literally! After my body recovered, Betty whispered into my ear. "Lets take care of our boss now," she said and we slowly took Sheyna by the hand to her couch. 

We made her lie down and started to unbutton her blouse. We kissed either side of her neck and slowly made our way towards her mouth. We both nibbled at the corners of her mouth sucking those lovely full lips. She kissed back caressing our backs. I move down to her big breasts and started to kiss them. They were a little bigger than mine and much nicer. I felt the weight of one in my hand as I sucked the creamy expanse of skin on it. I moved closer to her nipple and sucked it all into my mouth. Sheyna arched her back, making me take more of her into my mouth. Betty joined me on the other breast following my actions. We stopped our attention for a moment to take off all of Sheynas clothing. She parted her legs for us giving a view of her wonderful pussy. We straddled a thigh each as we continued to suck on her nipples, rubbing our wet pussies on her thighs. We slid on her thighs as we enjoyed her breasts, our pussies sliding along her smooth thigh with all the saliva and pussy juice lubricating its path.

I reached down to touch her pussy and found that it was so wet. I rubbed my fingers along her slit making her moan. Slowly, I moved down to her tummy and moving to her navel. I explored it with my tongue. She pushed my head impatiently to her pussy. I started to lick her pussy sucking her juice into my mouth. She pushed her pussy against my face. I continued to suck her hard. I squeezed one finger into her pussy, moving it slowly in, feeling the soft wet pussy. I looked and to my surprise, Betty had climbed the couch and was pushing her pussy against Sheyna's face. I noticed Sheyna's finger teasing Betty's ass hole. Sheyna lifted her pussy a little and I realised that she wanted me to do the same to her. I rubbed her small opening with the tip of my wet finger and slowly slipped it in through her sphincter. I sucked her clit while my finger went deeper into her ass moving it slowly in and out. My tongue flicked at her clit making her move faster and faster. Betty started to moan again and once again Sheyna squirted hard against my face as she screamed in ecstacy. Though I was ready this time for her cum, I still had difficulty in dealing with the sheer amount of liquid that it gushed with.

I almost choked with her cum against my face and almost fell backwards. I recovered to suck and lick most of her juice from her pussy. I slipped my finger out of her ass and stood up. Betty came again crushing Sheyna's face. There was sudden silence in the room and only our heavy breathing could be heard.

We came back down to earth. We took turns to visit the ladies room to get ourselves cleaned up. I spent the rest of the day with no panties since they were wet beyond recovery.

To be continued.. your feedback as always... 