 After talking with mom and discovering Maggie was staying at Jolene's some weekends I made up my mind to come home for the Summer. All the different scenarios that could be taking place toyed with my mind. Those thoughts preoccupied me when I should have been studying for finals. The easy thing to have done would have been to just ask them over the phone. I really hadn't been that communicative while away. I needed to confront them face to face no matter how hurtful it might be. 

Jolene had opened my eyes not only to horses and country life but to being more open with my sexuality. This past year in school when I went on dates they were only out of courtesy to the asker. Boys or girls it was always the same. I wanted Jolene. She had opened me up and at the same time closed me off. My longing for her spoiled me for anyone else. 

Our time together reminded me of an old song from a movie made back in the sixties starring Sidney Poitier, "To sir, with love." The line "How do you thank someone who has taken you from crayons to perfume?" seemed to fit the way I felt about Jolene.

The thoughts about the possible confrontations with my "lover" and my sister distracted me as I waited for mom to pick me up at the train station. Deep down I didn't feel like Jolene was the kind of person who could be capable of seducing me and then my sister. My heart ached with the thought that I was wrong. Standing near the end of the depot talking to myself like a crazy person I didn't notice my mother until she walked up to me.

"Christine, sweetheart, what are you doing?"

Mumbling to myself not paying attention to anything or anyone I glanced in her direction. 

"Mom, sorry, I was just thinking about a few things."

Her arms opened wide, I slipped between them enjoying the distraction as we hugged.

"School's out sweetie, you have all Summer off to not think. What's on your mind that has my girl so concerned?"

Her hand brushed the hair from my face as she looked at me with concern.

"Oh, just debating my major and wondering if my grades this year were good enough for a different one. Maybe engineering or architecture, I really can't decide." 

"There's nothing you can do about it now. Let me help you with your bags and get you home. You must be tired. I want to hear all about New York. You hardly ever called and when you did it's like pulling teeth to get you to say what's going on. Are you happy there?"

"Yes mom, I'm happy. The classes were harder than I thought and I always seem to have too much homework. I do feel okay with my grades, really. I didn't get any below a "C" and it was just two classes."

Her hug felt so reassuring; I lifted the handle of the larger of my two suitcases while she did the same to the other. We rolled them out to the car and placed them in the trunk to head home. 

"Is Maggie home?" Asking as we pulled out of the lot and onto the highway.

"No, I think she's at Jolene's working. She's been spending an awful lot of time there. She just says she's learning so much about all the animals, especially the horses. I think that girl has fallen in love or something."

"Fallen in love?" I swallowed hard. It couldn't be true. Please, not Jolene and Maggie. 

"Yes, taking care of the animals. She's applied to some colleges that are very rural. I think she may want to be a veterinarian or something like that. She just always seems to be in such a good mood when she gets home from Jolene's. Kinda like you were last summer."

"Like me?" 

"Yes, after that night your car broke down. You always seem to come home happy and content. What is it about Jolene's ranch that does that to you two?"

"I don't know mom, maybe it's just working hard. Is Maggie still seeing Pete?"

"Oh, they broke up a few months ago. She's not seeing any boys right now. Didn't she tell you?"

"No, mom."

"Oh, that's right you never call." 

I could feel her look at me when she said that. I continued to stare out the window, feeling tears beginning to well up in my eyes. No way was mom going to see that. I had to remain calm; I wasn't going to tell my parents quite yet that I was bi or even maybe a lesbian. I needed to talk with Maggie and Jolene before I did anything close to that. 

The rest of the way home we talked about all the mundane things I'd missed over the last year. I managed to hide my sniffles by telling mom that my allergies were acting up. 

When we got home we lugged both suitcases up to Maggie's old room. She had gotten mine when I left which I was beginning to regret. Seems she might have gotten more things from me than I had wanted her to.

The first thing I did after unpacking most of my clothes was to slip on some shorts along with a tee shirt. It felt more comfortable than the jeans and blouse I had worn on the train. The long trip from New York took its toll on me mentally and physically. I laid down and slipped off into a nap. Luckily my dreams had nothing to do with my sister or Jolene. 

I woke up about an hour later and went downstairs to see what was going on. Dad had come home from work; he was watching something on television. He shut it off so we could talk. Mom came in and I told them about my school year along with the plans for my major. They let me know what was going on around town again.

When we had caught up I asked if I could borrow a car to go out to Jolene's to see Cinnamon. My car was now Maggie's so naturally they said yes. I found my cowboy boots in Maggie's closet. I slipped them on, not caring how dorky I looked in shorts and boots. I headed over to see if Jolene was home. If I was going to have my heart broken I didn't want it to be over the phone. 

The drive out to Jolene's was as pleasant as ever. The warm afternoon sun felt good as I traveled the quiet backroads. I came to the conclusion that I really did prefer this to New York City.

I pulled into Jolene's driveway around three in the afternoon. Parking the car near the house I walked over to the big barn to see who was feeding the horses. I didn't see Maggie's car around which was good; I could deal with Jolene alone.

Opening a side door I could see someone shoveling hay from one of the stalls. I called out unsure of who it was.

"Jolene?"

The shoveling stopped and I heard her voice.

"Baby?"

My heart melted. I loved when she called me that.

"Is that my baby girl Christine?"

"Yes, Jolene." I replied not wanting to give away my joy in hearing her again.

The pitchfork clanked against the stall and then she appeared. As beautiful and as buff as ever. Sweat beading on her brow, her hair tied back in a ponytail. Her face lit up when she saw me. My knees almost gave way under me. Her arms opened wide as she rushed to me almost knocking me over. She then kissed me. I was prepared to be mad, angry, hurt but in her arms, her lips against mine all I could feel was a rush between my legs and my heart about to beat out of my chest.

"Oh baby, I've missed you. You never call. I thought maybe you hated me or something."

She looked at me with soulful eyes. I looked away embarrassed that I had been so aloof. Her fingers lifted my chin forcing me to look her in the eyes. 

"What's wrong sweetness? I could have sworn by that kiss that you missed me but now you look like you've got some bad news."

She brushed the hair back from my face, her touch so gentle, so loving.

"Are you fucking Maggie?" I said it. Blunt, harsh, angry.

Her eyes widened, the look on her face was one of astonishment. I stood my ground asking again.

"Are you? Are you fucking my little sister?"

"Christine, what the hell are you talking about? No, I'm not fucking Maggie. Why would you think that?" 

She stepped back, not recognizing the angry little demon that now confronted her.

"Then why is she staying over here so much? Mom said she comes over here and when she gets home she's happy like I used to be." 

My face reddened, tears forming as I stood back from her. Wanting her but not wanting anything to do with her. I waited.

"I think we need to go inside and sit down and talk about this. I don't know what got into you but I'm not sleeping with Maggie."

"No! Tell me what's going on now!" 

I stomped my feet like a small child angry at not getting her way. Tears beginning to streak down my face.

"You are fired up aren't you? Okay, fine. It was Maggie's secret. She's going to be very upset when she finds out I spoiled your surprise."

"Surprise? For me? What's going on?"

I felt as if I'd just been slapped hard, my tears stopped and my mind began to think back. Maggie and I had been closer when we were younger but the last couple of years we'd been more like rivals than sisters. Now she has a surprise for me and it had something to do with Jolene. This was more confusing than ever.

"Yes, for you. Your sister has been working her butt off around here and not for riding lessons for herself. I really shouldn't be doing this. Come with me, young lady."

She grabbed my hand nearly pulling my arm out of the socket. She led me to Cinnamon's stall, practically throwing me in front of it.

"Now, you look inside there and tell me what you see." 

Her voice was demanding, she was upset. She crossed her arms, standing there as if she were scolding me.

Timidly looking at her then slowly walking over to peer into the stall I saw Cinnamon. She was standing diagonally across the rectangular stall blocking my view of something behind her. She recognized me, let out a whinny which was followed by a higher pitched one. My eyes widened and my lower jaw dropped. From behind my favorite horse out walked a foal, the cutest thing I had ever seen. It nuzzled up to Cinnamon as I caught my breath.

"Oh my god, it's so beautiful. What does this have to do with me?"

"Your sister, who I HAVEN'T been fucking, young lady. Has been working to pay for a portion of that little filly for you. Now what have you got to say?"

"I'm so sorry Jolene. I thought the worst."

My tears were now tears of joy. My worst nightmare vanished from my mind. I sprinted the few feet to her, wrapped my arms around her then kissed her with all the passion I had been holding back. We stood there in each other's arms while Cinnamon and the foal whinnied while they moved about the stall. It was almost as if they were cheering the happy ending of a movie. 

It felt so good to be in Jolene's arms, worry free. We kissed, hands exploring, nine months of not seeing her, not feeling her, erupted. I needed, I wanted to feel her soft skin against mine. She paused our kissing to look me in the eyes. 

"If you mention a word of this baby girl, I swear. How could you think I was sleeping with Maggie?"

"I won't Jolene, I promise. It's just that when I talked to mom she said Maggie was here a lot. Plus she had broken up with her boyfriend. I just assumed." 

I melted into her embrace; she stroked my hair, comforting me as we stood in the barn. How could I have been so dumb? My sister and Jolene. What was I thinking? Those wonderful feelings came rushing back into me. The butterflies I hadn't felt in almost nine months rushed between my legs. Jolene must have sensed it.

"You assumed wrong, let's go inside baby doll, I've missed you."

I smiled, nodding my approval. "I'm sorry I jumped to that conclusion, Jolene. I missed you so much. I should have called. I should have known better."

She placed her hand in mine, the other caressed my cheek. Her eyes told me everything would be alright. My heart raced as we headed to the house. Neither one of us spoke, we knew what was going to happen, both of us were anxious. She led me to that fabulous bedroom once more. 

As soon as we entered she spun me around kissing me hard on the lips. We struggled to get our tops off as we kissed, hands groping, saliva dripping down our chins. I think we may have lost a button or two but we didn't care. We did pause long enough to help each other with our boots. 

Dressed only in our bras and panties we kissed the entire time as we made our way over to the bed. Just before we arrived I turned her around so her back was to our little nest. She looked at me with a surprised expression. I had never been the one to lead our love making but this time I wanted to make love to her. I wanted to control her orgasms like she had for me so many months before. 

"Is my kitten taking over?" Her question was moot.

"Yes, I want to make love with you like we never have before." 

Reaching around to unhook her bra, my lips against hers, fingers released the clasp. She wiggled to let it drop, our lips still pressed together. Hands to her sides, the sheer garment worked its way down and off and onto the floor. My lips departed hers; kissing their way down the nape of her neck to her shoulders then over one nipple. Pausing there, my tongue circled her aureola, teasing until it stiffened. I suckled her gorgeous breast while my fingers played with her nipple. Taking a breath, I'd switch back and forth while Jolene grew more anxious.

Eventually my fingers traced her abs until they reached her panties. Slipping my fingertips under her waistband I worked them off her hips. Working them down her long toned legs to rest in a pile on her feet near her bra.

Abandoning her breasts, my lips kissed their way down her front until I knelt before her. Her scent was divine, sweet and musky. Taking my time to admire her trimmed mound, I let her step out of her panties as my hands stroked the backs of her legs. Pulling her closer to me, anticipation growing in us both, my tongue traced her thighs up and down. Hands holding her cheeks, I placed my tongue between her glistening lips. 

She gasped as it explored hurriedly. Her hands came to rest in my hair, fingers weaving their way through the strands, pressing my face to her and encouraging me to go deeper.

"Oh my baby, how I've missed you."

Looking up as I drank from my goddess, happy that we were together once more. Tracing her lips up and down I played with her for a bit more. Her moans became louder when I rolled my tongue inside her then stiffened it. I didn't want her to climax quite yet so I withdrew myself from her and stood to face her. 

She smiled, we kissed once more. Placing my body against hers using my weight, we fell back onto the comforter. 

"Baby really did miss me, didn't she?" 

I nodded, "She did very much."

Jolene scooted up to the pillows; I followed growling like a little tigress. She giggled then opened her arms to welcome me. I shook my head. Sitting up to face her I began to manipulate her legs around me. 

"Oh baby girl liked this last time."

"I did, we both did if I remember right."

Her smile grew wider. We helped position each other so our pussies met. We held hands for a moment, looked into each other's eyes. I was in love.

Leaning back on our hands we began to thrust and grind together. Jolene moved her hips clockwise while I moved counter. My pussy was on fire. Looking at her, watching her face, her body excited me. As we got closer to climaxing the bed began to shake with our convulsions. We continued rubbing our wet pussies together until neither of us could take it any more. We slowed our pace which gave me the opportunity to move from her grasp. My legs slipped out from hers causing a quizzical look on her face. Beads of sweat were forming on us both from our gyrations. 

Working my way to my knees, I bent forward placing my hands under her ass, my face buried between her legs. That intoxicating scent of hers wafted into my lungs while my tongue returned to its delectable chore. 

Tracing her folds, stopping at the top of her pussy I slipped it in and began massaging her clit. I sucked, kissed, licked and stroked her flowing pussy feverishly. My hands under her firm ass cheeks lifted her up so I could delve deeper with in her. She was close when our bodies parted, now with my tongue and the lessons she had taught me last year were paying off. She was writhing and squirming around on the bed calling my name and blessing my existence. She gripped the sheets and with one last thrust upward climaxed with my tongue deep inside. Her legs squeezed my head locking me in place. 

When her orgasms slowed she reached down to clasp my head in her hands. Panting, she brought my face to hers and kissed me deeply.

"Oh my gawd baby. That was amazing. I don't remember teaching you that."

Smiling I replied, "I guess I improvised a bit."

She kissed me once more and held me tightly as another wave of delight rolled through her. We lay together exhausted, nuzzling, caressing each other until the sky began to grow dark. 

"Think I should call my parents and tell them the car broke down?"

Jolene giggled. 

"No, just call them and tell them you're staying with me tonight. We have quite a bit of catching up to do, baby."

"I like the sound of that."

We lay there for a few more minutes until I reluctantly got up to call home. I know they'd be disappointed that I wanted to stay here but I was feeling good and they'd get over it. I wouldn't mention anything to Maggie if she answered - that way Jolene wouldn't get in trouble with her future sister in law.