 I've always known I was interested in girls, but labelling myself a lesbian? I guess I was still in the closet about my sexual orientation. Throughout my high school and most of the beginning of my college years, I kept to myself, I made friends, but not very important or close. I'm now in my second year of a four year program, and I had finally moved out of the dorms, coming to the realization that living off campus would be much cheaper. 

I lay in bed, staring up at the plain walls of my room, thinking about staying in bed instead of going to my four hour lecture. My phone's alarm wakes me up, rousing me from any sleep possible. I sigh, getting up and taking a quick shower before dressing. I don't even look myself over as I walk out the door with my book bag slung over my shoulder. I lock my door and make my way out of the house before walking across the street where my car is parked.

It only takes me six minutes to make it school, though if I were to walk, it would've been close to twenty minutes. I park, grateful for the free parking, before walking through campus until I make it on time to the large auditorium close to the back of campus.

I smile making my way up to sit where I spot one of my friends. "Tressa, wow you look very pretty," Anna says. She is a very pretty girl, we're the same height, at 5ft2. She has long blonde hair straight, with beautiful clear white skin, pink stained lips, and the prettiest cornflower blue eyes I've ever seen. She always smells like white flowers, so innocent.

"Oh thanks," I say. ""Today we get to pick our groups, right?"

"Yep," she smiles, biting on her bottom lip just as I sit down. "We're still partners?"

"Of course," I say, with a smile.

Just then our professor enters, setting his briefcase down. He starts his lecture right away, and we all fall silent, pulling our laptops and notebooks out. After two hours, he gives us a break, letting us get into our groups to discuss our project.

Anna turns and smiles at me with a mischievous grin. "Let's get outta here, we'll hit the library and figure out what we're gonna do."

"Sure sounds like a good idea," I nod.

We leave after packing our things up. We go to talk to the professor, writing our names down on the list he has prepared, and we thank him, before leaving the auditorium. In the hallway, Anna walks slightly close to me.

"I like your tights, where'd you get it," I ask, trying to start a conversation. We had been walking in silence for a while now.

"Thanks," she smiles brightening up. "You know that cool boutique in town?" I nod slowly, "The store beside it."

I chuckle and we talk a lot easier as we walk together. "Um, have you been to the library before?"

"Actually no, I thought you knew," she says slowly.

I chuckle, "Change of plans, let's go to my place."

"Oh," she says.

"Or yours," I shrug. "I'm living off campus, and my roommates are pretty cool, barely there actually." Or really because I don't get out much...

"Yeah, sure," she says. "Lead the way."

When I turn in the direction of the parking lot, she asks, "You drove?"

"Yeah, my family lives pretty far, and the only way they know I'll come to see them sometimes is if I can make it on my own," I say slowly. "What about you?"

"The bus," she shrugs. "It's not too bad, since I actually stay by my parents."

"You grew up around here," I ask, looking at her in amazement. I would never have guessed that.

She chuckles, "My mom is actually a professor here, so I've been coming to this campus since I was six."

"That's cool," I nod smiling. I unlock the door and she slides into the passenger.

"Wow it smells good in here," she says.

"Um thanks," I say slowly. My car actually smells like me, I had hooked up one of those air clips, filled with my perfume I wear.

She smiles at me as I drive. We talk about school, classes, parties. "You've never been to a party?"

"Nope, not even one," I say with a chuckle.

"Wow," she says shaking her head. "No offense or anything, I just didn't expect this."

"Expect what," I ask confused.

She pauses, "Well, you... You're so cool, but you hardly talk to anyone."

I am at a loss of words and can't respond, I park in my parking spot, glancing to meet her gaze. "I guess I've just focused on school and homework."

"You should know the rules, work hard, play harder," she smirks as we leave the car.

I lead the way inside and soon we are sitting in my room. I have a black leather couch on the left, close to the large windows, beside that is my desk, and my bed beside that. On my right is my walk in closet door, in front of my bed, is the door to my bathroom, and then the door to leave to its left.

"Nice place," she nods.

"Have a seat," I say almost at the same time. "Oh thanks." I hook my laptop up back at my desk. "So where should we start," I ask. She is standing behind me, but I tense up, feeling her very close to me. She wraps her arm around my waist, and her lips are by my ear.

"Relax," she says quietly.

My eyes are closed, and I take a few deep breaths before I turn around and kiss her first. We are the same height as we slowly melt together. She moans against my lips, the vibration causes my kitty to flush hot. I twirl my tongue around hers and I lead her towards the bed, laying her down before getting on top of her. No words are needed as I lower myself down to press my lips against hers once more. She tastes delicious, like a light vanilla creamy milkshake, not too sweet but just... perfect.

My lips make a line down her jaw, down to her chin before I nibble at her ear. She gasps in surprise just as I start to unbutton her blouse. Her beautiful breasts are perky and just perfect. She moans as I massage them slowly. "Your hands are so soft," she whisper gasps.

It's the first spoken between us, I meet her gaze. I slowly lift myself off of her. She looks at me. I smile as I see she is looking at me as if asking where I'm going. I get off of the bed, and go to my bedroom door, locking it before returning to standing in front of her.

"This is very interesting," I say quietly. She lays there before slowly trying to sit up. "Stay," I command her. She stops instantly, and I smile slowly, letting it register that this is really happening.

I lick my bottom lip, before slowly undressing myself. She just stares at me, looking at my body hungrily. When I lower my leggings, stopping them just below my full ass, I smile, "How about you come help me get undressed, my pet?"

I see the affect that I have on her just then as I see her legs tremble, before tightening up. She slowly stands up lowering down to help me out of my leggings. Staring long at my pretty red panties, she helps me out of my tank top before staring at me.

I kiss her cheek before undressing her slowly, teasing her as I caress her here, pinch there, and lick... right there. She moans and I pat her sexy blue panties. She trembles, biting on her bottom lip. I slowly smile softly as I lay her back down on my bed after I take her bra off. I play with her beautiful nipples. They are so responsive. They are the only other pair other than my own that I've ever touched. Her skin is so soft, I caress her slowly, watching her face. 

I didn't want to rush anything, just watching her now was making me wet. I open her legs slightly and she lifts her hips thinking I was going to take her panties off. I chuckle, patting her a few times as she trembles, letting out a louder moan. 

"Ma'am," she moans. Her eyes flutter open to look at me with hunger with a pleading look.

"You should know that I get to go first," I smirk. "Now be a good pet and take my bra off." She quickly moves this time. "Lick my nipple." She meets my gaze before sticking her tongue out and lick it nice and slow. I bring her head closer, holding it against me as she puts my nipple in her mouth. She moans, tasting me, making my nipple vibrate. My nipple hardens and I take a deep breath, making her suck on my other nipple, while I pat her panties. She trembles against me, and I slowly take my panties off, lowering them off my legs before I pull her away from my nipples. I meet her gaze, kissing her and sticking my tongue into her mouth. I twirl my tongue around hers, and when she sticks her tongue into my mouth, I suck on it, and she moans, gripping on my breasts a little more. I swallow the moan as I sit up against the headboard. "On your hands and knees, my pet," I say, speaking slow and warm.

She does as I say, with her beautiful ass in the air. She is staring at my hairless kitty, already wet with my love juices. I put my hand out, caressing her hair, before wrapping it around my hand and pulling her closer to me.

With my other hand, I lower her head. She sticks her tongue out and I pull her head up. "I didn't say to," I say.

"Sorry ma'am," she groans. "I want to taste your sweet juices. I want you to splash me with your cum, with your love juices my beautiful Mistress."

Just hearing her call me that, my kitty gets excited. "Eat me, and you better do a good job too," I say.

"Yes Ma'am," she says, lowering her head.

I lift my head up, resting my head back as she licks me nice and good, slowly, just how I like it. "Lick around and around my cunt, bitch."

Her breath quickens against me, and I hold myself tense, I lower myself a bit so it's a better angle as she remains on all fours with her ass in the air. She feasts nice and slow. I hold her head down with a hand, and I groan softly, squeezing a nipple while she continues to go down on me.

"Yes, right there," I whisper, holding her tight against me. I take a deep breath, and moan softly, "Put two fingers in my pussy, bitch. Oooooooh. Mmmm, yes, right there, my pet. Mmmm, make me cum." I grit my teeth, feeling that stirring feeling in my stomach. "Mmmm, you better take it all bitch, I'm going to cum very soon," I say breathless, just as she slides all the way in and I start to flinch. "Oooooooooooooh, mmmmmmmmmmm," I say grabbing my pillow and slamming it onto my face. She moans loudly, as she takes it all. I flinch a few more times, before I hold her head away from me, too sensitive to take it any longer.

After a few more seconds, I lift up, the pillow falling to my side to see her still on all fours with her ass up in the air. "Mmmm, my pet is very obedient. You think you deserve a reward?"

"Yes please Mistress," she says, using a very sexy pleading tone.

I walk around her with a smile. "Stay exactly like that I'll be right back." I go to my bathroom, and I smile as I clean my strap on, cleaning myself in the process before returning to see she hasn't moved. I smack her ass, and she gasps in surprise as she starts to moan as I caress her ass. I smack her other cheek and she grips the sheets in her hands. I slowly lower her sexy blue panties to her knees, slapping her ass again. I suck on her ass cheek, biting just a bit as she moans into my sheets, trying her best not to be too loud. 

Her pretty pink pussy is so sexy and thick from the back. I smile as I caress her pussy lips with a finger, feeling how wet she is. I stick my tongue out, lubing my dildo in the process as I make her screech into the sheets. I grab the pillow, putting it in front of her and I get back on my knees. She moans in my pillow as I slide a finger into her pretty pink pussy. She is tight and tense around me, though I can tell she enjoys it because she moves closer trying to take more of my finger.

"Greedy bitch," I say with a chuckle, smacking her ass. She gasps, staying in place. I stand up and slowly slide into her. She is shocked as she screams into the pillow, I don't stop until I am all the way inside. "How do you like that, fucking cunt," I ask.

She moans and tries to go back on me, as I slowly pull out. "More ma'am, please give me more," she says.

I chuckle, "You are a greedy bitch. Ass up."

She obeys and lowers her back down onto the pillow, I moan seeing this sexy sight in front of me. She's a very beautiful girl. Her long straight hair falling down her back. I wrap it around my hand again and push deeper into her. She gasps and holds onto the sheets as I fuck her harder. "Yes," she gasps. "Yesssssssss, oooooooh, mmmmm, yes, please fuck me hard, oooooh just like that, yes please," she says.

"You're not allowed to cum," I order her.

She groans loudly, as she tries to stop herself. I smack her ass, and she shrieks, lifting her head up. "Mmmm, M-Mistress," she says. I stop seeing she's too close to the edge. I stay still until she can catch her breath. She groans while I smile behind her. I smack her ass again, gripping on her ass as I slide into her deeper. She was taking it very well, given it was a very fat eight inch cock. I slide all the way and she holds in her breath, before she moans as I grind deeper into her. 

"Turn your ass over bitch," I say smacking her ass. She does as I say, laying on her back, squeezing her breasts. I stand at the side of the bed, pulling her closer. "Get on the pillow," I smirk. She does as I say, though she is wondering why. When I slide in, she gasps, squeezing on her tits, shocked as I slide in all the way.

"Ooooooooooh," she moans loudly.

"You like that," I smirk.

"Mmmmmmm, yes I love it," she groans.

I lift her legs up, pressing them against her chest as I go deeper into her. Her eyes are wide, and she can't even speak, as she focuses on not coming. 

I lower down, pressing my lips to hers. She moans into my mouth, gripping my body as I move her up on the bed, getting on the bed too. She moans, gasping as I bite down on her ear. "Yessssssssss," she moans.

"Nope," I smirk as I pull out completely, leaving her empty and she looks at me. I pull her back to the edge of the bed, before kneeling down in front of her and diving into her pussy. She moans, gasping loud as she is actually very close already. She grips onto the sheets, and as I slide two fingers into her sexy wet tight hole, she shoots up just as she sprays out her beautiful love juices. I moan as I swallow what I can.

"Clean me off," I say. She licks my face, cleaning me up before I kiss her, gripping on her ass. I smile softly when we pull away. "That..."

"Was so sexy," she breathes quietly.

We chuckle together, and I smile, "You taste really good."

"You do too, wooooow, I didn't even know this..." She falls quiet, as I caress her hair. She meets my gaze, questioning, but I just smile.

"Relax, my pet," I say quietly. I kiss her again before laying down and she relaxes against me as we cuddle until we both fall asleep.