 "That's it dear, right there...ahhh yes, that feels so good," said Gail as her daughter, Allie, rubbed her clit with the vibrating dildo. Allie glided it inside her pussy and bent her head down to lick and suck on her mom's clit. 

"Oh, oh, oh...god that feels so good, Allie."

At that moment they heard a knock at Allie's apartment door. She stopped what she was doing and looked at her mom, who moaned,. "Don't stop, Allie...maybe they'll go away." Allie wasn't expecting anyone, so she kissed Gail's tummy and began working her kisses back down to her clit, while still moving the vibrating dildo in and out of her very wet pussy. 

But the knocking was persistent. It seemed like the person wasn't going to go away. "Hang on mom. You keep doing what I've been doing while I go get rid of whoever it is." She handed Gail the dildo who continued moving the dildo in and out of her vagina with one hand while pulling on her nipples with the other..

Allie moved off the bed, put on her silver silk robe and scurried to the door. "Who is it?" 

"Allie, it's me...your little sister, Krista. Remember me?" She said this in a very sarcastic tone. It was obvious she didn't like to be kept waiting. Allie opened the door and Krista barged in and immediately went to the sofa and sat down. 

"Ummm...I don't mean to be rude sis, but..." and that's all she managed to say before Krista blurted out, "I have a problem. You know my roommate, Tia? Well, I need your advice. She told me the other day that she's a lesbian and is really attracted to me. I told her that I wasn't sure I could return the same interest. But I told her I would think about it. I know that you're into girls and so I don't have a problem with girls who like girls, but I don't know if it's for me. What do you think I should do?"

Before Allie could reply, Gail shouted, "Allie, are you coming back dear? Mommy's waiting."

Allie had shut the bedroom door and Gail didn't realize that her other daughter, Krista, was the visitor. Allie's eyes widened in surprise that she'd shout that out, but not as wide as Krista's. She jumped up and ran toward the bedroom. Allie tried to stop her, but she slipped out of her grasp as she said, "Krista, don't..." but that's as much as she got out before Krista went through her bedroom door. 

"Mom, what's going on?" She stopped abruptly as she saw her mother, naked with her legs splayed open while moving her vibrating dildo up and down her slit. Gail quickly grabbed the blanket next to her and pulled it over her nakedness. She also turned a beet red and stammered, "Krista, what are you doing here?"

"I'm asking the same question of you mom." She turned to me and said, "Allie, what are you and mom doing?"

"Here, sweetie, sit down on the chair," Allie replied, as she quickly threw clothing off the chair onto the floor. Krista moved to the chair and slowly sank down. Allie then sat on the bed next to her mom and did her best to explain. "We were going to tell you about this at some point, but didn't expect it to happen this way. Mom and I have been having a sexual relationship for a few years now. We wanted to wait until after your 18th birthday to tell you about it. And seeing as though that happened a few months ago....," she murmured, her voice trailing off.

Krista looked stunned, but managed to whisper, "I have fantasized about having sex with each one of you at various times, but never did I imagine that you two would be fucking each other." Her voice rose as she continued, "And I didn't ever imagine that you'd be interested in doing it with me or together because it's incest."

Mom piped up at that moment to say, "Yes dear. It is incest, but it's something that we don't believe is wrong. We're adults and we've made a decision to allow ourselves to enjoy one another in this way. I hope you won't hate us for this and that you won't judge us too harshly."

Allie then told her mom what Krista had told her in the living room....that she is at a point in her life where she is curious about possibly exploring a sexual relationship with her roommate who is lesbian. Gail's eyes widened at hearing that and turned to Krista. "Well, I have to say that this is something that came to me later in life. After my first experience with another woman, I've never regretted it. I don't consider myself a lesbian, but bi-sexual. Your father is away on so many business trips and this is when I take advantage of enjoying the love of another woman. I still love your father, although I haven't had the nerve to tell him about being bi-sexual."

Krista then said, "Well, do you mind if I watch? I assume that I interrupted you two and maybe by watching, I'll be able to figure out if this is something I want to try."

Gail and Allie looked at each other and both shrugged and smiled. Allie said, "Why not?" She pulled the blanket that Gail was hiding behind to display her beautiful body. She pushed her back to a prone position, stood up to remove her robe and then leaned over to kiss her mom passionately on the mouth while caressing her breasts. Gail returned the kiss and fondled Allie's breasts as they hung over her. Allie moved her body so that she was lying on top of Gail, scissoring their legs and began rubbing her pussy on her mom's leg. 

"Oh Allie, I love the way your pussy feels rubbing on my leg and pussy." Gail's hands moved over her daughter's back, and her ass, encouraging the movement. Allie continued the humping of her mom's legs and found it getting her wetter. She then moved up and back down the bed and began to play with her mom's pussy. She moved her fingers to spread Gail's lips and expose the nub. She rubbed it with her index finger and continued this for a few minutes driving her mother to distraction.

"Do you like this mommy?"

"Oh yes, baby"

Allie leaned over and began to kiss and lick her mom's clit. Gail moaned and closed her eyes reveling in the feel of her daughter's tongue and fingers on her clit. 

Meanwhile, Krista was staring, eyes wide and mouth opened. Her hand moved down between her legs and she began rubbing herself. Her breathing got faster and she realized that she was getting very hot and bothered. She came over dressed very casually in a sweat suit. She pulled up her top and lifted it over head to reveal her bare breasts as she decided to go braless. She had small breasts, but very perky nipples. She then slid off her sweat pants and this left her sitting in just her panties. Her one hand played with her left breast while her right hand slid into the top of her panties. While watching her big sister kiss and lick her mom's clit, she began rubbing her own clit. Then Krista saw Allie move up her mom's body, kissing her tummy, breasts, neck and then lips. They kissed deeply and passionately for a few minutes. She then heard her mom suggest to Allie that they trib with each other. She wasn't sure what that meant, but soon learned what that was about. 

Allie sat back up allowing her mom to sit up. Allie positioned herself so that her legs were scissoring one of her mom's legs and then both women leaned back and began to rub their pussies together in a humping motion. Krista was becoming hotter by the minute and was rubbing furiously on her pussy. She decided to remove her panties so she could finger her pussy. 

Gail glanced over and saw what her other daughter was doing and she slowed her tribbing with Allie and said to Krista, "Sweetheart, why not use this dildo. Flick the switch and you'll enjoy an exquisite experience."

Krista stopped what she was doing, blushed to realize that she was playing with herself in front of her mother and big sister. She was so turned on, that she decided she wasn't going to be embarrassed and go along with the fun. She reached over to the side table and grabbed the vibrating dildo, flicked the on button and moved the device over her wet pussy. She slid it between her lips, kept it against her clit enjoying the vibrating pulses. After a few moments she slid the dildo inside her and began moving it slowly in and out while continuing to enjoy the feel of the vibrations against the walls of her vagina. 

Allie and Gail had slowed down their tribbing and then embraced. They moved against each other to feel the breasts and nipples rub against each other while exchanging passionate kisses. Gail then whispered to Allie, "Mommy wants to do you now." Switching positions, Allie moved up the bed and laid on her back. Gail hovered over her to kiss her passionately, kissing her daughter's forehead, her cheeks, her lips and inserted her tongue in Allie's mouth and Allie sucked on it hungrily. With feverish passion, they french-kissed. Gail withdrew her tongue and kissed her daughter's neck and moved down to her breasts, kissing her nipples and sucking on them. She then moved lower, kissing Allie's tummy from one side to the other, licking her belly button and then moved over her mound trailing kisses. She then feverishly applied her tongue to Allie's pussy, spreading her lips and licking her clit and sucking on it with abandon. This sent Allie into delirious delight.

Krista was watching with fascination and was enjoying both the view and the feel of the vibrating dildo inside her. She was close to coming, but decided to join the party. She got up from the chair and moved to the side of the bed. Allie looked at her baby sister and smiled up at her. "Come closer, sweetie. Kiss me." While her mother continued to lick her pussy with sweet abandon, Allie reached up and pulled Krista to her and they kissed...first tentatively and then with building passion. Krista took a chance and moved her right hand to Allie's breasts and began caressing them, pulling at her nipples. Allie was delirious with all the sensations she was experiencing...her baby sister's tongue inside her mouth, Krista's hands fondling her breasts and nipples, and her mother's tongue and lips sucking and licking her pussy. She couldn't hold back any longer and she came in earth-shaking spasms. 

Gail lifted her head and said, "That's it baby, cum for mommy. Let me taste you sweetness," and she went back to lapping at her daughter's juices. Krista, in the meantime, moved her lips from Allie's lips to her nipples and alternated between them, kissing and sucking on them. This was her first time suckling a girl's nipples and although she experienced being suckled by a couple of boy friends in the past, she didn't realize what a turn-on it would be to suck and kiss another girl's nipples while fondling her breast. She knew immediately that she wanted to experience all of it. She was also getting turned on by the fact that she was doing it to her sister, while her mother was inches away with her head buried between her sister's legs. She knew that it wouldn't take much to bring her over the edge.

As Allie's climax subsided, Gail lifted her head and watched her youngest daughter sucking on her older daughter's nipples. She knew that Krista was ready for more. She sat up and caught Allie's eye and winked at her. Allie knew that her mother wanted her to move and let Krista take her place. So, she gently lifted Krista off her breasts saying, "Here sweetie, come lie down. It's our turn to pleasure you."

"Oh god, I can't wait", replied Krista as she moved to take Allie's place. She laid down on the bed, while Allie took her place between her baby sister's legs and Gail moved up to cuddle with her beautiful youngest daughter. Allie started at Krista's toes kissing and sucking them. She placed each toe in her mouth and gently sucked on them. 

Gail place both hands on the sides of Krista's head and kissed her passionately. 

"Mmmmmm mommy......" whispered Krista, but couldn't say more as her mouth was filled with her mother's tongue. Gail's hands moved over Krista's face, shoulders, and then caressed her breasts. She marveled at the size of Krista's nipples and eagerly tweaked each one. She couldn't wait to take each of them into her mouth and suck on them. She broke off her sensuous kiss with her daughter and kissed her cheek, her chin, her neck, kissed between her breasts, and then took Krista's right nipple into her mouth, twirled her tongue around it and greedily sucked on it. "Oh mommy, that feels so good. Suck harder. God Allie...oh, oh, oh...." 

Krista senses were being bombarded by the sucking of her nipples by her mom and her big sister's teasing kisses and licking up her leg. Allie finally reached the apex of her legs and clamped her mouth over her sister's pussy. She licked up her slit and then began rubbing her finger on Krista's clit while her tongue invaded her hole. Allie then moved up to suck on her clit and placed a finger inside her, exploring and then moving in and out. She inserted another finger as Krista became wetter and wetter. With Allie's two fingers pistoning inside Krista's pussy, her tongue and lips wrapped around her clit, and with Gail's sucking of her nipples, Krista exploded in a very intense orgasm - an orgasm like nothing she ever had with her two boyfriends. 

Her thoughts drifted to her roommate and wondered what it would be like making out with Tia. But in the meantime, she relished the opportunity to have her bi-sexual virginity taken by her mom and big sister.