 I'm a 32-year old Californian woman living in London, England, where I've worked for the past few years as a college lecturer. I should say right away that I'm nobody's image of the stereotypical California babe – I'm tall, skinny, with wiry ginger hair but, if I say so myself, a youthful, pretty face. I came to London years ago to study, and to escape my vicious right-wing Republican family, fell in love with the graciousness of the place and just made it my home. I'm currently unattached and, although I did the usual experimentation with other girls at university, I would describe myself as straight. At least, I would have until recently.

A couple of months back I finally found the strength to end a long, messy relationship. The experience left me emotionally drained, and I felt I needed a complete break. As the college semester had ended, completely on a whim I booked a vacation to a small seaside town in Mexico. It was far from being a big fashionable resort, just a place I had been as a kid and of which I had fond memories.

After a 12-hour flight and a long, hot bus journey I checked into my half-empty motel and collapsed into bed. The next day, however, when I went to explore the place, my rose-tinted memories were soon dispelled. The old town around the beach was pretty rundown and shabby, as was my accommodation, and beyond that it turned into just another concrete city with hordes of murderous, horn-blowing crazy drivers. Still, I comforted myself, the beach itself was pretty enough, and the motel backed onto the boardwalk that ran alongside it. I figured that, on balance, this was a good place to lose myself, recover my emotional strength, and enjoy sun, sea, sand and...well, who knew what else?

That first day I just dozed on my balcony, recovering from the journey and, being a lone woman, fended off the inevitable heavy-handed attentions of the local Lotharios in the motel bar. The next morning I slept in then went for a long, relaxing run along the beach. When I returned I stripped off my sweat vest, sports bra and jogging pants, and crossed the room towards the shower in just a very brief pair of thong panties. As I did so, to my surprise the bathroom door opened and a maid stepped out. She gasped in shock and stared open-mouthed at my near nakedness. I in turn stared at her. Straight or gay, I didn't need anybody to tell me what a stunning creature she was – about 23 I'd have guessed, the same height as me – 5 feet 8 inches – with an almost aristocratic face, high cheekbones, arched eyebrows, huge dark eyes and full lips, a deep red despite her lack of any make-up. She had beautiful skin the colour of white coffee, and her jet black hair hung down to the small of her back, held in place by a leather band. She wore a short nylon overall, beneath which I could see a considerably larger bust than my uncovered 32Bs, and long, muscular legs. I spend my life at college surrounded by nubile young women without a second thought, but for reasons I couldn't have explained at the time the sight of this beauty made my mouth turn dry.

Her cheeks blushing, she apologised profusely in broken English for being in my room before I had left for the day, while I, still all but naked 9I've never had an issue about nudity), replied in broken Spanish that it really wasn't a problem and I was sorry I had startled her. She looked about to burst into tears – I guess through fear of losing her job – so I placed a calming hand on her shoulder and, on a complete impulse, asked her to join me for coffee. She backed towards the exit, saying that she had other rooms to clean, but I pleaded that she could give me some hints about things to do around the town and, still very reluctant, she agreed to come back after she had finished her rounds.

I quickly showered, pulled on my silk robe, and set out the coffee on the balcony. I had just finished when the girl returned. She was pretty tense at first but gradually began to relax, slipping off her shoes. She told me her name was Lupe, and that she was separated from her husband of five years and lived with her parents and siblings. She showed me photos of her two delightful kids. As it turned out we hardly discussed the town at all, but as Lupe became more at ease she crossed her legs and her foot began to brush against my leg under the table – accidentally, I assumed at the time (not that I moved my leg away!) After about half an hour she told me she had to go, as she had another job in a supermarket in town. After that I spent a relaxing day sunbathing and strolling around the old town, and several times thoughts of Lupe drifted unbidden into my head.

The following morning I settled down again in my robe for coffee on the balcony, and after a couple of minutes Lupe walked past and smiled and waved up to me. It seemed only natural to invite her to join me again, and this time she unhesitatingly agreed. After that our morning coffee together became a regular routine, supplemented by some little pastries that I bought while out on my run. Over the days our seating positions became gradually more intimate, with our legs mingling intimately beneath the table. I also noticed that she had started to wear a particularly sensual, musky perfume. In between our meetings I filled my days in the same manner as before, but increasingly thinking about Lupe. I scolded myself for behaving like a silly middle-aged spinster with a schoolgirl crush which I couldn't possibly expect to be reciprocated – but that didn't stop me 'accidentally' drifting into the store where Lupe worked, or my stomach lurching with a thrill at her brilliant smile when she saw me at her till. 

It was on our fourth morning together that my rising sexual tension was finally released. By now we were sitting side by side, and Lupe's naked instep caressed my calf every time she moved. At one point, completely accidentally (on my part at least) I reached for something on the table and my upper arm brushed firmly against Lupe's breast. I had already been feeling hot and bothered by her closeness, and the feel of her generous tit, and the knowing smile she gave me, made my pussy lurch. In tongue-tied embarrassment I excused myself and rushed into the apartment, with the intention of using the vibrator I'd concealed in the bathroom cabinet to relieve myself. However, in my confusion I didn't notice that I'd left my sweatpants on the bathroom floor, I slipped on them and landed heavily on my tailbone with a loud thump and a yelp.

Lupe rushed over to see if I was okay. I was just a little winded and profoundly embarrassed. She knelt between my splayed legs and placed her hands under my armpits to help me up, bringing her face to within a couple of inches of mine. As she did so, still accidentally I naively thought, her knee pressed against my aching pussy. I gasped and lurched forward, throwing my arms around her neck. The next thing I knew, Lupe's arms slipped around my back, she pulled me to her and her lips pressed against mine, her tongue slipping into my mouth and caressing my own.

Without breaking the kiss we sidled crab-like over to my bed, where we sat. Lupe's hands slipped to my shoulders and slid my robe down to my waist. Then she pressed me back onto the bed and slipped off her overall. Her lips trailed down my throat to a nipple, which she nibbled and flicked with her tongue, while her hand trailed down my belly. I was in ecstasy! Lupe's tongue followed her hand, tickling my navel as her fingers twirled in my sparse pubic hair. I slipped one hand under her pants and gripped her gorgeous ass as my other pressed her head lower. She prodded my clit with her nose, making me hips twitch off the bed. As they did Lupe's middle finger thrust up my asshole and I experienced the first reaming of my life. At the same moment her beautiful tongue entered my sopping pussy and her fingers began tweaking and stroking my straining clit. I had never felt anything remotely like it, and within seconds I reached a screaming, bucking climax, with Lupe's tongue rimming my cunt and her teeth nibbling my labia.

I sank back exhausted into my pillow, but Lupe wasn't finished. She snapped off her bra and fed one of her pear shaped boobs into my mouth, still twiddling her fingers in my delighted pussy. I slipped my own hand down to her own now naked cunt and found that, compared to me, she was delightfully hairy. A line of hair trailed right down her belly from her navel to a thick thatch around her lips. After I'd spent a few minutes enjoying the salty taste of her huge acorn of a nipple she squirmed around until her beautiful, chocolate cunt was inches from my face. I hadn't been here for a long time, but as Lupe started tonguing and nibbling my pussy again I dipped my own tongue into her, tasting the sweet honey of woman nectar, eased two fingers into her bum, and did my amateurish best to please her as much as she had pleased me. Judging from the soaking my face got, and her throaty growl as she bucked on my face before collapsing onto me.

For the rest of my stay Lupe rushed through her cleaning rounds as quickly as possible so that we could spend as much time together as possible. In introduced her to my electronic friend, and felt a swell of pride as she bucked to climax after climax with me teasing her cunt lips with it before thrusting it onto her. She told me that I was her first lover, male or female for some time, and that, in macho Mexico, she had to keep her sexuality a deep secret, even from her closest friends and her family. On our last day together she said she had a special present for me, and pulled out of her bag a huge, veined strap-on dildo. She would tell me only that a special friend had given it to her some time ago. After licking me out she strapped it on, pressed me back into the bed, pushed my legs wide apart and thrust the monster deep into me. It was an incredibly erotic experience seeing this beautiful woman poised over me, our tits mingling, as she gave me the best and longest fuck of my life! Naturally I returned the favour, then we went head to tail once more before a last, long lingering kiss, lovingly sucking our own juices off each others' tongues as our fingers stroked each other's clits and slits.

When I returned, feeling much more self-confident, to England I kind of assumed that Lupe would move on and it was just an experience to be treasured. I wasted no time indulging my new-found lady lust, to the benefit of quite a number of sexy young female students. However, a couple of weeks back Lupe wrote to me via the college, and we've exchanged further letters since then. I have no idea how we can possibly keep a relationship going from thousands of miles apart; but I certainly know exactly where I'm taking my next vacation!