  Intro: Heather's lover has been away on a business trip for the last few months and has not been expected back for another few weeks. She had helped Heather find an apartment just before she left town, and they had traded keys. Heather loved her but wasn't sure she was 'in love' with her. Heather has been rather conflicted about her own sexual orientation. She still felt she was straight although she enjoyed having Dawn go down on her. 

________________

My Name is Heather Ch. 3: Heather eats pussy.

Dinner was baked macaroni and cheese and a light salad. Paula was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, not just the T she had always worn before she professed to Heather that she wanted her sexually. She was keeping a low profile to avoid having Heather back away. She hadn't even stripped when they were washing clothes. She was biding her time and hoping that Heather would allow her certain liberties.

"Paula, I've been thinking about what you asked me." Paula's pulse raced. Was she about to be turned on – or turned down? "I feel like I'd be cheating on my lover if I let you do – those things to me." Before Heather could continue, Paula burst into tears. She thought that she would be strong if Heather turned her down, but her emotions got the better of her. She dropped the fork she was holding and ran to her bedroom. 

Heather could hear the woman sobbing. She felt like a heel, but what could she do? She was damned if she did and damned if she didn't go along with what Paula wanted. She was also afraid that if she did allow Paula into her bed for sex, there might be an emotional attachment later –hers or Paula's or both - if that hadn't already happened. She realized that she cared quite a bit for Paula.

Going to Paula's bedroom, she sat on the bed beside Paula and said, "Paula honey, you knew that the answer might be that I couldn't do what you asked. Please don't cry."

"I know, Heather, but I was hoping. Could you kiss me?" Paula was on the bed on her stomach. She turned over, reached up and put her arms around Heather's neck. Heather kissed Paula gently on the mouth and was lost in the kiss. She lay down beside Paula and took her in her arms. They clung to each other, kissing more and more passionately until it was too late to stop. 

Later, Heather could not have explained how her jeans and panties had come off nor how Paula's tongue found its way into her vagina. She did recall that her orgasm was so intense that she was overwhelmed by it. No one before, not even her lover, had been able to stimulate that area deep inside her that threatened to inundate her senses. Heather could no longer insist that she was completely straight. She wanted more from this wonderful, sexy woman. She loved her significant other, but now she lusted for Paula as much as Paula lusted for her. The two partially clothed women fell asleep in each other's arms.



___________________________



For the next week, Paula had slept in Heather's bed. She had reveled in licking and kissing Heather's body, sucking her nipples and clitoris, and licking deeply into Heather's vagina to elicit orgasm after orgasm. Heather was in a blissful state of seemingly one continual sexual spasm after another. It seemed they started just after dinner and lasted until she fell asleep completely sated and exhausted. She was forced to do all her editing in the office, as there was no time left to do it in the evening. Her work did suffer a bit, but she was unable – or unwilling – to trade Paula's versatile tongue for what seemed now to be a dull manuscript.

"Are you satisfied, Heather, with how I eat your pussy? Please, tell me how I can make it feel better for you. I'll do anything you ask. Would you like me to suck your toes?" Paula offered.

"Wow! That sounds sexy. That would definitely be a turn on. Yes, I'd like that but don't touch the bottoms of my feet. I'm very ticklish." Heather admitted.

"Would you like anal sex? I could stick my tongue in your rear. I've never done that, but if you want me to, I'll do it," Paula suggested.

"Ugh, no way, Paula. I find that repugnant. Not only that, it could spread germs. No Paula, don't even think about it. As for how you perform oral sex, I can't imagine how you could improve your, um, technique. I absolutely love the way you use your tongue. You are my definition of an artist, an artiste. No honey, you couldn't do it any better," Heather declared. "Heather, have you thought about trying it yourself? Cunnilingus, I mean," Paula asked.

"Now Paula, you said you wouldn't ask me to reciprocate. I realize that you would like to have orgasms, too, but I just couldn't use my mouth on a woman's vagina. I have been selfish though. In fact, I have thought about getting you off manually. The problem has been that you have gone down on me from the time we finish dinner almost until I fall asleep. There has been no time for me to bring you to orgasm. Tonight, I plan to spend time playing with your pussy and clitoris. Just tell me what you like, and I promise I'll do my best," Heather declared.

"Heather, I said I wouldn't ask you – If I could help it. I'm dying to know what your tongue would feel like if you licked me; however, I understand, and I would be ecstatic if you would finger me to orgasm. What is it about performing oral sex that you think you wouldn't like?" Paula asked.

Heather giggled, "You're going to keep hinting that you want me to eat you, aren't you? No, Paula, I can't. Maybe it's the taste, or the smell, or the texture, or I'm too hetero, or whatever. I will say, Paula, that you have a beautiful pussy, if a pussy can be called beautiful, and if I were ever to perform cunnilingus, it would be on you. Fair enough?" Heather said.

"Have you ever tasted it, yours, I mean? How do you know you wouldn't like it if you haven't tried it? Asked Paula.

"Keep it up, Paula, and I'm going to take a bite out of your ass," Heather threatened.

"Promises, promises," Paula stuck her tongue out at Heather and gave her raspberries.

"Yes honey, I have tasted pussy. My former boyfriend liked me to suck him after we had sex, and I was able to taste his semen and my juices. Since they were mingled, I admit that I don't know exactly what I taste like. One of these days when I'm feeling brave, I'll taste myself." Heather said as considered the possibility.

"Do you think you'll ever be brave enough to taste me?" Heather hit Paula with a pillow and pinched her nipples. Of course, that turned her on, and she pulled Paula's head into her lap. 

"Just for asking that, Paula, I have to punish you. You have to eat me to orgasm again." Paula pretended that it was an onerous task that she did grudgingly. Heather was still feeling the effect of her last orgasm and she had another one almost immediately. Paula pulled her head out of Heather's crotch and made a big display of licking her lips and said, "De- lish-us. Yummy." Heather laughed and hit her with the pillow again.

"Oh, you're going to get it, Paula," Heather threatened again.

Paula's eyes widened and she said, "When? When?" They wrestled around on the bed for a while, then looked into each other's eyes and began kissing slow, passionate kisses. They were both on cloud nine.

"Paula, do you have any special fantasies or fetishes?" Heather asked.

"Yes Heather, but I think you know already what I really like – pussy. I love the taste and texture and scent. I love the juices and reactions I get when I suck and lick. I love giving orgasms. I can almost come - thinking of eating pussy," Paula admitted easily.

"But why are you asking? You know eating pussy, especially yours, is my fetish. I have an extremely strong oral fixation, Heather. Some people bite their nails, smoke cigarettes, or chew gum. I love to suck – pussy, clits, pussy lips, nipples, tongues, lips, toes, or any other part of a woman's body that I can get into my mouth. I'd put your whole boob in my mouth if it weren't so big. If I were straight, I'd be a world-class cocksucker. Haven't I made clear my desire to eat pussy?" asked Paula.

"Oh yes, it's abundantly clear. Can I tell you my fantasy, my fetish?" asked Heather.

"Heath-errr! I have asked you if I could be doing something else to please you. Why didn't you tell me you wanted more?"

"Actually, in a way, I want less. No, I don't mean less sex. My fantasy is being licked through my panties. I love that feeling. I still want to be licked without them on, too, but first I want to be licked to orgasm with my panties on. Could you do that? Would it be uncomfortable to lick through the cotton?"

"Honey, I'd eat you through your blue jeans if that's what you like. Put your panties back on and let me show you. There's just one thing I ask. After you come a few times, you'll have to wait until I suck your juices out of your panties before I eat you, er, raw, er, neat or whatever you'd call it without your panties on. Could you wait?" asked Paula.

"Oh my gawd! That would be such a turn on watching you suck my wet panties. Of course I could wait. My pulse is racing just thinking about it," gasped Heather.

For the next half hour, Paula licked Heather's pussy through her panties bringing her to several orgasms. Heather was practically purring, and when Paula pulled off Heather's cum soaked panties, folded them, and put them in her mouth with the crotch against her tongue, Heather orgasmed again - spontaneously. 

When Paula started licking and sucking her bare pussy, Heather began having sequential orgasms. She orgasmed every minute or two until she couldn't bear it any longer and pushed Paula's head away. She was hyperventilating and close to passing out. 

"Paula, don't touch me anymore until I can calm down. My clit is throbbing and is so sensitive, it hurts. I have day-dreamed about this all my adult life and now – now that my fantasy has come true, it is almost unbearable." She started crying with sheer emotion.



___________________________



For the next few days, Heather got Paula off manually, using two fingers in Paula's vagina to stroke Paula's G-spot until the woman orgasmed and ejaculated. Heather used a washcloth to drape over Paula's pussy and a heavy towel under her bottom when she gushed, so that her juices wouldn't drench the bed. 

While Paula was in an afterglow and had her eyes closed, Heather surreptitiously put her fingers in her mouth and tasted Paula's secretions. Hmmm, she thought, that really tastes good; it's a bit sweet with a salty aftertaste. Why am I so reluctant to eat pussy?

I sucked my college boyfriend's penis after intercourse many times during our two-year relationship. My juices didn't bother me then, so what's the big deal? My boyfriend went down on me many times, and he was no worse for wear. Paula practically drinks from my pussy. My lover eats my pussy and doesn't complain. Lesbians ingest vaginal secretions all the time, and it doesn't affect them. Men love threesomes and their women eat pussy. I've read that many straight women have lesbian sex.

It's really dumb of me to be so averse to eating pussy.

The next time Paula and I have sex, I'm going to go down on her; I'm really excited about doing that. Too bad we have to get up early tomorrow to go to work, or I'd eat her all night long. Well maybe not all night. Why have I wasted so much time avoiding licking her? She put her fingers back into Paula's vagina and then in her mouth. "Yum." Paula had fallen asleep after her last orgasm and didn't witness Heather licking her fingers.



___________________________



It was Saturday morning and light was just filtering through the windows. Heather stretched and looked over at Paula who was still sound asleep. Last night, they had kissed and cuddled for almost an hour. Then Paula went down on Heather, licking and sucking Heather's pussy until she orgasmed several times. Heather was able to get Paula off by rubbing her clit using the woman's vaginal juices for lubrication. She had sucked Paula's nipples for a very long time, and then they fell asleep in each other's arms. Heather felt strong emotion for this beautiful woman. She felt a pang of guilt about those feelings since she loved her significant other.

Without thinking, she bent over and kissed Paula's pubic lips several times until the woman began to stir; Heather hurriedly lay back on her pillow and feigned sleep. 

"Ummm, Heather. Did you just lick my pussy?" No answer. "Heather? Did you just lick me?"

"What did you say, Paula?" Heather asked, innocently.

"I asked if you just licked me," queried Paula.

"You were dreaming, Doll. Go back to sleep. I need more sleep, Paula. Don't wake me." Heather waited until she heard Paula's steady breathing. She bent over the sleeping woman and kissed that sweet pussy several times again, but moved away when Paula started to waken.

"Heather, you licked me, didn't you? You licked me! I felt it!" Paula, raised up on her elbow, insisted.

"What is it, Paula? What are you saying?" Still innocently, Heather mumbled.

"I felt you licking me, Heather. I know you did," insisted Paula.

"Paula, you are having weird dreams. Would I lick you? Of course not. Why would I do a thing like that? I don't lick women. You know I don't," Heather stated.

"I know you did, Heather. I didn't dream it. You licked my pussy," said Paula, not giving up.

"I swear I didn't lick your pussy, Paula. I – did – not – lick – your – pussy," Heather again insisted.

"Then why is my pussy wet?" demanded Paula.

"Let me see, Paula. Why would your pussy be wet? Hmmm. You stubbed your toe yesterday? You ate dinner last night? You took a shower before going to bed? You woke up in bed this morning? Paula, what doesn't make your pussy wet? Your pheromones are wafting in the air constantly. You're a sex fiend, Paula. Your pussy is always wet," Heather observed just a tad sarcastically!'

Paula stuck her tongue out at Heather and made an unlady-like noise. She pretended to go back to sleep, but waited to see what Heather did. When Heather heard Paula's steady breathing again, she bent over and kissed Paula's pussy lips again. 

"AHA! I knew it! You DID lick me!" Paula grabbed Heather's head and pulled Heather's face hard into her crotch. She ground her wet pussy into Heather's face. "You swore you didn't do it. You lied to me," Paula asserted.

Heather sputtered with Paula's wetness and said, "No, Paula, I didn't lie. I didn't lick you. I kissed your cunt lips. I didn't lick them," She leaned back in and kissed Paula's pubic lips over and over. 

Paula sighed, lay back and luxuriated in Heather's kisses. "Are you going to lick me, Paula? Please Paula, lick me. I've waited a long time. Please." 

"Well, I guess I owe you that much. I'll lick you but just a little. You know I can't really do that." She used the tip of her tongue on Paula's clit, barely grazing the little nub. She reached under Paula's bottom and grabbed the woman's butt cheeks; suddenly, she drove her tongue deep into Paula's vagina and sucked as hard as she could.

Paula's rear came up off the bed, and she pushed her pussy tightly against Heather's face. Her orgasm hit with overwhelming force, and she wrapped her legs around Heather's head. She squeezed hard against Heather's face again and had a second orgasm. 

"MMM. MMM. MMMmmmMMmM." Heather was trying to tell her something, but Paula couldn't make out what it was. Then she realized she had Heather's head in a vise-like grip, and the woman couldn't speak.

"Oh Heather," she relaxed her thighs and Heather gasped for breath. "Oh Heather, I'm sorry. Did I hurt you? That was wonnnderrrful. What a surprise. Are you going to do it again?" 

Heather burst out laughing. She wiped her wet face on the sheet and said, "You're never satisfied are you? Yes; I'm going to do it again, but not until after we eat breakfast. Your pussy isn't nourishing enough. I need some coffee and something more filling. Then we can come back to bed. I'll eat you from now on. I've been foolish not to do it before. Actually, I enjoyed it. Well, except for the part where you broke my nose. You'll have to learn to control yourself and not squeeze my face so hard. Now, let's go eat something a bit more substantial." 

In the following weeks, Heather spent more and more time with her face between Paula's thighs. She found that the more she ate Paula's pussy, the more she enjoyed it.



___________________________



Dawn quietly unlocked Heather's apartment door with her own key and walked softly into the bedroom thinking she would surprise Heather. Instead, she was surprised – shocked – to find Heather with her face in Paula's pussy.

"Well, this is a cozy picture. My inamorata sucking my secretary's cunt." 

"Dawn! What are you doing here?" Heather shrieked.

"Doctor Sterling! We, the office I mean, thought you were in London setting up an office there," Paula gushed.

"Sterling? Dawn, I didn't know your name was Sterling. I didn't know Paula was your secretary," Heather claimed.

Paula was taken aback. "Dawn? Oh my lord, Heather, you're the editor that Doctor Sterling wanted to edit her manuscript. I remember giving you her address and phone number about six months ago. I thought you said you didn't know her."

"Oh Paula, I know her as Dawn - Miss Dawn. This is very confusing," Heather asserted.

"Confusing? I call it cheating, Heather. You said you'd always be mine. I've been gone less than three months, and I return to find you sucking the guts out of another woman, my secretary. How did you two set up this cozy little love nest behind my back? "Heather, you told me you were straight and couldn't go down on me; you weren't too circumspect about having me eat your pussy though. You could have done the same for me if you weren't having an affair with Paula and licking her cunt," Dawn observed angrily.

"Dawn, I wasn't expecting you back from London for weeks," Heather declared as she hurriedly put on a robe.

"Well, that certainly is apparent. You must have been just waiting until I left to jump into the sack with Paula. And Paula, I wasn't aware that you liked girls. There's a drop dead gorgeous female right under my nose, so to speak, and I didn't know you were gay, or I would have propositioned you. Now I have to fire you because you've seduced Heather, or was it the other way around? Heather, our relationship is over. How could you have cheated on me when you professed loving me and wanting to be with me always? I guess always meant a couple of months," Dawn said sarcastically.

"Oh Dawn, please don't be angry. Let me explain. First of all, I didn't know Paula was your secretary. I didn't meet her when she gave me your address over the phone six months ago. I just met her after I moved into this apartment building. We started eating dinner together, and one thing led to another, and we, I, slipped. I was so lonely waiting for you that I couldn't help myself a few weeks ago when I got involved with Paula. As for me going down on her, I realized that I'm really bi-sexual and not just bi-curious. I would have performed oral sex on you when you returned; I swear. I mean I will eat you if you give me another chance. Dawn, I love you. I told Paula that even though we had sex together, I belong to you with all my heart. I wouldn't have left you for anything. 

"If you can't forgive me, please don't fire Paula. She had no idea that you and I were involved. She didn't know we knew each other. In fact, she thought I was straight and had a boyfriend serving in the army overseas. I didn't lie about that. She assumed it because I skirted her questions, and she was led to believe I was involved with a man. Please Dawn, give us both another chance. I'll do anything you ask. Just don't leave me. I do want to be with you always. Please believe me," Heather pleaded.
