 When my husband and I were dating, he was the most loving man. He was so pleasant and always complimented me and made me feel so wonderful. We dated for a year and really got to know each other before we married.

He wanted us to explore our sexuality when we dated. I knew that we'd marry, so I agreed for him to take my virginity. He made sure my first time was very loving and wonderful. After that, he wanted sex more and more every time we were together. We married about six months after he took my virginity.

He liked to experiment and try all different kinds of positions. He liked the positions where he could be a little more aggressive and powerful when having sex. He basically liked rough sex. He'd never hurt me, however, it really seemed to turn him on to fuck me so hard.

I preferred gentler more loving sex. He only seemed to do it that way on special occasions like for my birthday or our anniversary. That's really the only time he'd kiss me during sex. He much preferred making love doggie style and pulling on my hair. Over time, he enjoyed spanking me and telling me only to come on his command.

For a while, he was reading up on the BDSM lifestyle. He told me that when we were together he'd like me to call him "sir." I wasn't really into his new game. But the kicker was when he'd ask me to wait for him naked in my pumps kneeling when he'd come home. Eventually, he made me call him "master." I wasn't really into this new way of our lovemaking. I hated that he needed to control me. I was his wife and would listen and obey him anyway. To be told what to do, was not my cup of tea.

I guess we played that game for about a year. Eventually, my husband grew bored of that and then told me we would become exhibitionists. This was very scary to me. My husband would have sex with me out in the open. He loved for people to see us making love. He'd have sex in the car, parks, parking lots, and even at the bar that he liked to go to. He'd have me sit right on his lap and fuck him right out in the open. He loved when people would comment when they'd walk by. He even loved when they just sat there and watched. I often wondered, if one of the voyeurs asked to join in, if he'd allow that.

My husband was a sex addict and demanded we have sex three times a day. Our lovemaking sessions were always at least one hour long with not a lot of oral sex for me, but lots for him. He always wanted blow jobs and would always instruct how he wanted me to give him head. He liked me to take as much of his cock down my throat. He enjoyed hearing me gag and liked when my eyes would tear. It really wasn't my idea of fun, however, he really enjoyed it. He'd want me making all those sucking noises while he'd pump my throat with his cock. My husband had a decent sized cock. I couldn't get it all the way down, but always tried my best.

What he loved most of all was when he would blast my face with his cum. He loved to make a mess all over my face and hair. I never really understood why that made him happy. I found it totally gross and not necessary. He also liked to stand over me and cum all over my body. After he was done, he'd instruct me to rub his semen all over myself.

I never liked doing that either. I did it, because I loved him and he loved me. My husband wasn't abusive towards me. He just demanded sex and expected me to do it however he said. Don't get me wrong, I did like to have it too, but I really would have liked to have more loving sex. I used to daydream that he'd pleasure me orally with his tongue. That was only on special days. He just always wanted me to pleasure him. He would always come first and then demand that I come too. He was mostly interested in himself.

He always had to pick out my clothes and explain to me how he wanted me to look. He liked me to be made up and liked me to wear very tight fitting clothes that were revealing. He liked showing me off. I always felt like an object or a very special trophy. He liked that his friends and co-workers thought I was very beautiful. It was important that I was hot looking. He wanted people to be jealous and want me. That was very important to my husband. I felt more like a sex slave than a wife.

Most men, let their wives have a break when they're on their periods. Not my husband. He loved having sex on my period. He'd always say that women were at their horniest during their periods. Usually then, he'd screw me in the shower or bathtub. There was never any rest for the weary with my husband. The man loved having sex. He was always hard and horny. He was always in control and we'd always do it the way he said to.

On our tenth wedding anniversary, my husband told me he wanted a divorce. I didn't cry or get upset. I was thankful and happy he wanted to part. It was the happiest day of my life. He never said what the reason was or if he had met somebody else. Quite frankly, I didn't care. I was so thrilled that God had finally heard my prayers. I really didn't enjoy having sex every day for ten years. I never got a break ever. I think I was exhausted and needed to find myself after he left.

It was an amicable divorce and he gave me the house, cars and half of the money. He didn't fight me on anything. Life has been so much better since my husband left. I've just been enjoying my freedom.

**

I took about six months to just relax and do whatever I wanted to do. Life was so much better now. I didn't have a man trying to control me. I didn't have any sex after my husband left. I needed to focus just on me. I did masturbate, but that was fine, because I could pleasure myself. My new life was going to be all about me and my pleasure.

I was finally ready to meet somebody. I think what I missed most of all was companionship. I just wanted somebody to talk about everyday stuff with. I hadn't been in the dating world in over ten years. 

I opened and account on-line and started talking to several people. It was a nice way of getting to know somebody first. I had many conversations with different people. There was one person I really wanted to meet. Her name was Gretchen. She was so kind and caring and made me feel special with her words.

We agreed to have lunch together. I was excited and nervous to meet her. I had never even thought about having a relationship with a woman. What I needed most of all was love. I needed something different than what I was used too. We spoke for about a month before agreeing to meet. We were going to meet for drinks and later get a room at a hotel. 

We had so many conversations on the computer. I felt like I already knew her. I just didn't know her in real life. I was excited to meet her. I hoped that I would be everything she wished for. I wanted her to like me. I needed her to love me. I desperately needed love.

**

We chatted a few more times that day on the computer. We even skyped so we could see each other. She was so pretty and told me that I was pretty too. We were both blondes with blue eyes. We had the same type of a figure. A tiny waist with big breasts and not very tall. She had a lovely voice that made me wet, when I heard her talk. She was amazing and I couldn't wait to meet her.

She got a room at a fancy hotel and we agreed to meet there. We'd have drinks at the bar and then go to the room. I was so excited by this point. Now after I saw her, I couldn't wait to meet her. She felt the same.

I wore a silk dress and my favorite heels. I wore my hair down and wore light make-up. I didn't want to look overly made up. I wanted to look more natural for her. I felt like a nervous school girl. I hadn't been on a date in over ten years. I had only made love with my ex-husband. I never had been with a woman in my life. 

It was finally time to meet Gretchen. I took a cab over and nervously waited for her in the bar. I couldn't wait to finally meet her.

**

I have always been on time my whole life. Today was no different. I took a seat at the bar and ordered myself a mixed drink. When I was married, my ex-husband would always order me wine. Since our divorce, I drank fruity mixed drinks that were fattening. I wasn't fat, so it would be okay to drink them. I think I did it more on spite, just knowing that if I was still married that my ex would be annoyed.

The bartender brought over my frozen Pina colada. I took a sip and scanned the room. Gretchen hadn't arrived yet. I was nervous and excited and hoped she'd get there soon. I looked at my watch and now she was officially late. I was already on my second drink. I couldn't believe that she wasn't coming. We had just Skyped and we got along so good on the computer.

I now had wondered if I wasn't attractive. I thought maybe she really didn't like me and I got it all confused. I was angry and confused not knowing why I was getting stood up. I drank several more drinks and went on my phone and tried to reach her on skype. She was no longer showing as one of my friends. 

I went to the site on where we met. Her account was now closed. I was now pissed off and hurt that she obviously wasn't attracted to me. I started to cry a little at the bar. That's when she finally walked in. I was annoyed by this point. She was exactly two hours late and I didn't understand why she had closed all her accounts. I'd ask her later that day.

"Amy, is that you?"

I wiped my eyes and didn't want her to know that I was upset.

"Gretchen, you made it!"

"I'm so sorry I'm late. I got a flat tire. I had to wait for road service to pick me up. I promise to make it up to you. May I sit down?"

"Of course. I was getting nervous that you didn't like me and thought I was ugly or something."

"You ugly? You're like a model. How could I think you were ugly? You're definitely better looking than me."

We both giggled while the bartender gave her a drink. I had several by this point and was feeling rather buzzed. I was still annoyed that she had canceled her accounts. I was wondering why she had done that. I had to ask her before we went up to the room. I had to get it out of the way.

We had a lovely time and shared a lot about our lives. She told me about her past lover and I told her about my ex-husband. We cried a little and laughed mostly. We spent about two hours getting to know one another better.

"I have to use the powder room. I'll be right back."

"Sure. I'll wait for you here," Gretchen said.

I stood up and walked to the restroom. I went to the bathroom and fixed my make-up. I wanted to look perfect when we went up to the room. I was a bit drunk now and needed to look at myself and make sure I looked okay.

I walked back to the bar and Gretchen smiled at me. I sat back down and we talked some more.

"Do you want to go upstairs now?" Gretchen asked excitedly.

"I thought you'd never ask." 

Gretchen paid the bill and we walked together to the elevator. We just smiled at each other. We got off the elevator and walked together to the room. She opened the door and we walked in. Gretchen had bought a suite for the evening. It was gorgeous and very spacious. My mind was a bit foggy, but my body was aching for her to touch me. I couldn't wait to get started. My stomach had butterflies and I was just hoping everything would go as planned.

She put on some music and we danced together. Our bodies were pressed together. I could feel her breasts against mine. She had her hands on my hips. She placed her lips on mine. We shared a soft kiss. Our tongues danced in each other's mouth while we moved to the music.

Gretchen brought me over to the bed and we sat down. We continued kissing. She was an amazing kisser. I liked how gentle and loving it was. A real improvement from what I was used to.

"Why don't we undress? I want to make love to you." Gretchen said softly.

We both stood up and removed our clothes. Gretchen grabbed me and we held each other while she kissed me hard on my lips. Her hands were all over me now. My body was tingly all over and my pussy was dripping. I wanted her more than anything.

She pushed me onto the bed and got on top of me. We were kissing while she explored my body. She placed her hand on my pussy and rubbed me on my pussy lips.

"You're so wet. God, you're incredibly beautiful. Lie down! I must taste you. Gretchen demanded."

I moved up closer on the bed. I put my head on the pillow and opened my legs. Gretchen placed kisses all over my legs and on my pussy center. She licked and adored my pussy. She took her time while moving her tongue all over my cunt. 

"Oh God! That feels so good," I said to her.

"Your pussy tastes like spun sugar. I could eat you all day. Just relax."

Gretchen pushed her finger into my pussy and made me drip with excitement. She lapped at my juices with her tongue and then pushed her tongue all the way inside of my cunt. She tongue-fucked me and made me come multiple times. I was screaming and moaning while she pleasured me for what seemed like hours. 

"I want to pleasure you too."

"Tonight, it's all about you. I want to love you like you're supposed to be loved. Just enjoy it!"

Gretchen licked and sucked my cream from my pussy. I had never been with somebody who made me come so many times. I was wanting to taste her and to make her come. She only wanted to pleasure me. I came so many times that night. We fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next day, I woke up and Gretchen was between my legs again. She was tasting my pussy. She'd finger me and then taste my juices. She'd kiss my lips and my breasts and then start all over again. My pussy was on fire and I was so turned on from all the oral sex she'd given me. I almost needed a break. I was exhausted from all my orgasms.

"You have the best tasting pussy. I could eat you all day. You come so easily. It's so cute."

"I really want to repay you. You've been eating my pussy all night and then more today."

"That's okay. Pussy eating drives me crazy. I like making you come. It's so hot. You're fucking gorgeous Amy. Your husband was a fool to give you up. I plan to be with you forever. I want you to be my girl. I want to spend all my time with you."

"Are you sure? I noticed you deleted all your accounts?"

"I won't need them. I want to have a relationship with you. I want to be with you. I don't want to talk on the computer anymore. I want you to be my girl."

"I want to be your girl. I thought you didn't want me."

"I want you all to myself."

Gretchen moved closer to me on the bed. We held each other while she kissed and sucked at my breasts. Her fingers were deep inside of my pussy while she placed soft kisses on my lips. I was so exhausted from all the orgasms she had given me. 

Gretchen held me in her arms and put her pussy down on mine. She moved it back and forth while we kissed passionately on our lips. I could feel how wet her pussy was while she rubbed hers on mine. She played with my breasts while we made love to each other. It was so intimate and lovely.

Her pussy was as wet as mine. She humped me back and forth with her cunt. We both screamed with pleasure and came all over the other's pussy. Her pussy was bald and beautiful like mine. 

"I want to lick your pussy now," I said to Gretchen.

"Okay. Go ahead."

Gretchen finally let me taste her. She got comfortable on the bed and opened her legs. I started out on top of her. We kissed passionately while I held and massaged her breasts. I kissed and sucked on her incredible nipples. It made her scream in pleasure.

I slowly kissed her stomach and thighs and worked myself down to the center of her pussy. Her pussy had a lovely scent to it. I moved my tongue all over her pussy lips and played with her clitoris with my fingers.

"Fucking hell! For a novice, you're so good at this." Gretchen moaned out.

I sucked her clitoris and fingered her deep inside of her pussy. I made her scream in pleasure. Her pussy tasted amazing and I liked pleasuring her. I pushed my tongue deep inside of her and tongue-fucked her hard. She came multiple times on my tongue. Her nipples were rock hard while I ate her pussy.

"I want you to ride me now! Come on sexy girl!" Gretchen said excitedly.

Gretchen put her legs in the air. I climbed on top of her and rubbed my wet pussy over hers. Her pussy was just as wet as mine. We played with each other's breasts while fucking each other's pussy. We screamed in orgasm.

"I want to take you out tonight. Would you go out with me?"

"Of course."

We took a shower together and left the hotel. I was so happy that Gretchen and I were an item. I looked forward to exploring more with her. My new life was going to be amazing.