 I put on my bathing suit and did my hair and makeup and sauntered next door to Nicole's house. I proceeded through the gate in the backyard where I knew she would be waiting for me. 

"Come over. I'm by the pool. I want you to bury your face in my pussy," her text message said. 

She'd been basically making me be her sex slave for weeks now after she caught me paying for girls to come to my house and have sex with me and decided that I had to continually pleasure her or she was going to tell my husband. 

She hadn't touched me once even though I had constantly had my head between her legs for weeks now. I couldn't believe the sex drive she had. She wanted it all the time and every time she was alone she wanted me to come over and eat her out and finger her and fuck her with a strap-on. I couldn't complain. She was so beautiful and so sexy and tasted like heaven. 

But, last time I fucked her she told me that I would get something in return next time, so I was waiting and waiting for her to invite me over for one of our sessions. Finally, I received her text message and could hardly handle my excitement. I was immediately dripping at the thought of her tongue and lips on me 

I found her laying in a chair by the pool sunning herself. She was wearing just her bikini bottoms and I saw that her fingers were moving around inside of them. Her back was arched and she had her other hand on her breast rubbing it and twisting her nipple as she rubbed her pussy. Her bikini bottoms were soaking wet and she was moaning while she touched herself. 

"You started without me," I smiled at her as I sauntered towards her.

"Mmmm I couldn't wait. I'm just so wet and want it sooo bad," she said opening her eyes and coming out of the dream world she was in as she rubbed her pussy. 

"I think I can help you with that," I told her as I got down on my knees in front of her beach chair. I ran my hands up the outside of her thighs around to her ass and pulled her towards me until her gorgeous pussy was just inches from my face. 

"I've been thinking about you all day. I just want your tongue on me and your fingers in me. I need to cum so bad," she moaned. 

I kissed my way up the inside of her thigh and placed soft kisses over the top of her wet bikini. I licked up the sides of it getting closer and closer to her clit each time. She was whimpering and trying to wriggle her ass around so that my tongue would make contact with her clit, but I wasn't allowing that. 

"Stop torturing me," she whined. "Or you're not going to get what's coming to you." 

I didn't want to lose the chance of having her pleasure me so I quickly pulled off her bikini bottoms and slid my tongue over the top of her sex. I spread her legs, leaned in, and licked my way from the entrance to her pussy up to her clit. 

"Ohhh yeah that's it baby. You know how I like it," she moaned. She brought her hands up to her breasts and cupped them. 

I continued to lick my way from her dripping hole up to her clit in long, slow strokes. She had juices dripping out of her and I was lapping them up while I stroked my tongue up and down her. I stuck my tongue in and out of her, tongue fucking her sweet pussy. 

"Ohhhhhh yeah. Ohhh God. Fuck that's so good," Nicole screamed. 

I started making circles around her clit with my tongue. Slow and light at first and then harder and faster as she moaned louder. I brought my hand up to her and slid one of my fingers into her waiting hole. God she was so tight. I slid a second finger in and the walls of her pussy clenched around my fingers. I started sliding them slowly in and out of her while I made circles around her clit.

"Yes baby ohhh God. You're gonna make me cum. Fuck me harder," she moaned. 

I twisted my fingers around inside of her and tickled the walls of her pussy. I loved the noise her pussy was making from all the wetness from my fingering. How did I get so lucky to have a girl like this move in next door?

"Oh oh oh ohhhh yesssss. FUCK!" she screamed as her orgasm racked her body. She collapsed back onto her beach chair. I continued to lap at her pussy, cleaning all the juices that were coming out of it. I pulled my fingers out of her and started to lick her sweet nectar off of them. 

"I wanna taste it," Nicole said as she pulled my hands toward her mouth. She seductively looked into my eyes as she sucked my fingers into her mouth, running her tongue over both of them. 

"Mmm no wonder you like eating my pussy so much," she smiled as she licked the last drops of herself off my fingers.

"Come here." Nicole motioned with her finger for me to come towards her. 

I kissed my way up her stomach and licked my way from her belly button up to her tits, stopping to take each of her nipples into my mouth. I nibbled on them a little bit and swirled my tongue around them. I grabbed both of her tits and pushed them toward each other and put my face between them, licking and kissing them. I finally kissed up her neck and to her ear. 

"What do you want now baby. Tell me what you want," I whispered to her. I put my lips on her and started giving her long, deep kisses. She wrapped her legs around my body and wrapped her arms around my neck, kissing me back. She slipped her tongue in my mouth and passionately kissed me. After a few minutes of kissing she pushed me off of her and stood up. 

"Lay down," She demanded. I laid back on the beach chair she was laying in before. She climbed on my lap and continued kissing me. She wrapped her arms around my neck again and I cupped her ass and pulled her in for a deeper kiss. I loved kissing her. 

She untied my top and slid that off of me and brought her hands up to my breasts. She kissed down my neck and took one of them in her mouth. I put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her towards it. She bit on my nipple lightly and then swirled her tongue around it, sucking it into her mouth. She sucked on my nipples for a few minutes, which drove me crazy. They were really sensitive, so anytime I had a tongue on them, my pussy started flooding. 

She licked her way down my stomach and spread my legs apart. She grabbed my bathing suit bottoms with her teeth and slowly took them off of me. 

"Mmm you're so wet. Do you want me to touch it baby?" she smirked at me. 

"Oh God Nicole please? I've been wanting it for so long. Don't make me wait any longer," I pleaded with her. 

She smiled and leaned in towards my pussy and flicked her tongue over my clit. 

"Ohhhh God yes," I moaned. I knew I would cum really quickly. I needed it so bad. Seeing her beautiful mouth on my pussy was going to send me over the edge in a matter of minutes. 

She sucked my clit into her mouth and flicked her tongue over it again and again. She finally released it and started making circles over it. She made her way down to my hole and slid her tongue in and out of it. She then started licking from my ass to my clit in long strokes. It was driving me wild. I was writhing all over the place and had my hands in her hair, pulling her face towards me. I started moving my pussy up and down over her face. Suddenly, I felt an orgasm building up in my body. 

Nicole must've sensed it and she started concentrating on my clit, licking faster and faster. She slid a couple of fingers into me and started moving them in and out. 

"Ohhhh Nicole yes yes yes don't stop please make me cum," I begged. 

She made a few more flicks with her tongue over my clit and that was it. My orgasm rocked my body in huge waves and I knew my juices were flooding out of me. 

"Ohhhh God yessss Nicole. Oh God ohhhhh ohhhhhhh," I was screaming. 

I let go of the back of her head and laid back. Nicole lapped up all the juices coming out of me and then kissed her way back up my body. She curled up next to me on the beach chair and put her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her and kissed her forehead. 

"That was so amazing," I told her. She started tracing her finger over my breasts while she gazed into my eyes. 

She giggled, "Yeah? It seemed like you enjoyed yourself." 

We laid there for a few minutes, kissing and fondling each other. She made her way on top of my lap again and wrapped her arms around my neck again, kissing me passionately. She leaned into my ear and whispered, "I want more." 

She didn't need to tell me twice. I grabbed her cute little ass and pulled her on top of my face. God she looked so hot on top of me. I slid my mouth directly under her pussy and she lowered onto me. She looked down at me. 

"Mmm baby. You want me to ride your face?" She asked me. 

I could only nod my head as I started my assault on her. I buried my face in her and attacked her clit with my tongue. I ran my tongue over and over her clit, back and forth and in circles. Her sweet nectar was dripping into my waiting mouth. She was bucking her hips so that her pussy was grinding onto my tongue. 

"Ohhhh yes Tammy that's it. Do you like it when I ride your face? Fuck me with your tongue baby," she demanded. 

I slid my tongue in and out of her sweet pussy again and again. Her nectar just kept pouring into my mouth. She tasted sooo good. I couldn't get enough of her. I was cupping her cute little ass cheeks and moving her back and forth over my tongue. Finally, she let out a loud scream and I knew she was coming. 

"Ohhhhhh Godddddddddd," she screamed and panted. Another orgasm shot through her body. Her body relaxed and I lapped up all the wetness around her pussy. 

She curled back up into my arms and kissed my cheek. 

"Was that worth the wait?" she smiled at me. 

I smiled back at her with a huge grin and cuddled her closer to me. I kissed her forehead. 

"Definitely baby. Definitely."