 I took the call on my mobile a week or so later. It was a Margaret calling from Jane Clement's office. I hadn't heard anything from Jane since she had left my bedroom in Spain in the early hours. We had had, what for me was, quite extreme sex for several hours and this call intrigued me.

"Jane would like you to have dinner with her at her home tomorrow night at eight," she said adding. "She'll send a car to pick you up from wherever you would like to be collected. OK?" 

"Er no, actually," I stammered "It isn't."

"And why is that?" The plummy voiced Margaret asked.

My immediate reaction was to tell her to fuck off and mind her own business, but the fact that Jane wanted to see me again, both flattered and excited me.

"I'll make my own way there," I told her feeling worried that my neighbours might see me being collected and that might get back to my husband, Richard.

"Oh good, for I thought you were going to say you couldn't make it at all and I know that would have disappointed Jane. She gave me the address, which was in Hampstead, North London and a mobile number. "Call that if there are any problems and you can dress casually," snotty Margaret sneered down the phone.

Jane's enormous assumptiveness and the casual way that she used her bloody secretary to make the date with me annoyed yet at the same time impressed me. 

I was wearing jeans and a white button up, cotton blouse. I was a little surprised when Jane opened the door dressed in a floor length, red silk dressing robe that had no buttons and simply a tie round the waist. She had her black hair brushed back so it was as good as flat to her skull and other than a touch of eyeliner she was wearing no make up. Her overall look was rather severe.

She was as bright as a button, friendly, charming and gregarious, caring, polite and attentive all the way through the pre-dinner drinks and the lovely salad and pasta meal served by a Philipino girl who was very petite and pretty. Jane was so different to how she'd been in my room but so similar to how she had been at the previous dinner we'd shared. As we sipped brandy from big crystal snifters she asked if I'd enjoyed the last time and I nodded that I had. She took a big swig, put the glass down and then said quite firmly. 

"Good, I'm pleased because I want to have you again, tonight, now."

The change in her was amazing and this authoritative manner sent a shudder through me. I didn't know whether it was due to fright, anticipation, excitement, guilt or pleasure? I didn't know but immediately she started that way I felt my will dissolving and my mind coming under her control.

"I want you to go upstairs to the first bedroom on the right, get undressed and lay on your front in the middle of the bed," she said without batting an eyelid. I didn't move so she went on. "And I mean Cat, do it now." 

I felt powerless to refuse, not that I really wanted t. Meekly I got up and went up the stairs to the room she had prescribed. It wasn't a large room, but then this was incredibly expensive Hampstead, but it was beautifully furnished in Victorian style which, actually, I don't really like. The bed was covered in a deep crimson throw and was one of those old fashioned jobs with huge sturdy looking bed heads and footings. The walls were dark and there were a couple of chairs, a stand alone wardrobe and a dressing table all in a dark wood, mahogany I guessed. 

Out of her presence I couldn't hardly believe I was actually taking my clothes off and doing what she had ordered but when I heard footsteps on the stairs I hurriedly laid down on my front as she had told me. I was somewhat frightened of her and as I said earlier very much in awe of her as well.

I had become captivated by Jane very quickly. Being with her and having sex with her was so different to that with Emma; with her we were equals, with Jane there could only ever be one leader and that was not me by a mile. The truth is that she captured me that night in Spain. Needless to say I had never been treated like that before. No one had behaved with me with that combination of worship over my physical being but an almost total disdain for my emotional needs. Nobody had so taken control of and so dominated me. I had never been treated with such disdain and in such a matter of fact way, almost to the point of being abused and degraded and used as a plaything. But in a way of which I had absolutely no comprehension that was the magnet, the attraction. She had uncovered something that had lain dormant in me all of my life, just as my burgeoning bi-sexuality had. I was certainly drawn to it as powerfully as an unlike pole is drawn to a like one and wondered if there was a connection between the two!

I wasn't quite sure whether to undress completely or leave maybe my bra and panties or just my thong on. She had said undressed so I assumed she meant everything although when she had undressed me in Spain she had left my thong on. I went for the full Monty and laid on my front as she'd ordered. It really was a weird sensation to be laying there naked waiting for a woman to come and fuck me; I know that I was getting wet, that my nipples had inevitably hardened and that I was tingling all over. She was being a bitch, I thought as I lay there for what must have been ten minutes or so; it did, however, increase the anticipation and my expectations.

I looked up as she came into the room carrying two glasses of wine. Handing one to me she sat on the bed the robe opening showing her legs almost all the way up; she didn't cover them up. Smiling after taking a sip of wine, she asked, how I was. She softly ran her fingers up and down my spine and over my shoulder muttering how beautiful I was and what a lovely body I had. 

"You've changed your hair colour," she said running her fingers softly through my shoulder length hair.

"Yes, I have gone more auburn; actually the hairdresser called it autumn gold.

"Mmmm it's nice, I prefer it to the ash blonde, but make sure you keep it long, I much prefer long hair on my lovers.

She could not have been softer, more gentle or more caring and tender as she kissed the top of my head and, lifting my hair, my neck; I am such a sucker for that. She started caressing me. Slowly and so expertly she built up the desire and tension in me until I was literally panting and sighing. She was so different to last time, kissing, licking and gently stroking me making me feel wonderful, so desired and so feminine.

She kissed my breasts and caressed me all over using her fingers and hands so adeptly on my pussy, bottom and nipples. Opening her robe she pressed her nipples on her as good as non existent breasts to my mouth making low growling noises as I sucked and chewed on them. Pushing me onto my back she knelt beside me as she continued stroking me softly and tenderly building me up further and further. Smiling and grinning at me encouragingly and tenderly I could hardly believe it was the same person as before. 

She leaned forward so that she could chew my nipples and slid her knee between my thighs pushing them open a little. Slowly as she orally loved my breasts she pushed her knee upwards until it pressed right against my pussy. It felt wonderful for my whole body was tingling with sexual expectancy; I closed my thighs round it and revelled in the sensations she was giving me. She pressed it harder and I felt myself pressing back. She kissed me and used her hands on my breasts pinching my nipples with just the right amount of pressure to fill me even more, if that was possible, with the need for sexual relief. Her knee pressed harder against me and I felt my thighs involuntarily squeezing it. I squeezed it harder and harder and she pushed more firmly. I squirmed against it and she began to fuck me with it. Or was it me fucking myself, or me fucking her leg. I didn't know and it didn't matter for I was getting exactly what I wanted and that was for this amazing woman to fuck me any way she wanted.

I orgasmed very heavily and quite quickly, but then I usually do the first time in a session. I put my arms out for her to cuddle me but even as I was in the early intense, throes of that climax she got off the bed and walked out of the room. I could hardly believe it for the pangs of my orgasm were still bursting through my body and the woman who had caused that and with whom I wanted to share it had left me.

I lay there my hands between my own legs finishing myself off my body racked with the sensations of the orgasm and with the deep sobs that I couldn't prevent. She just left me there for ages and I didn't know what to do. "Surely she's going to come back," I thought. But as time wore on I began to doubt it and started to get dressed. I wandered down the stairs and could see no one or hear anything so I let myself out and went home alone. I called a cab on my mobile to take me to Kings Cross station waited twenty minutes for a train and then got another cab the other end.

Crawling into bed at nearly one I thought 'What a fucking terrible evening that had been.'

*

The crazy thing about Jane was the surprises she sprung on me. One moment loving and tender the next ruthless and uncaring. Most people would have thought after that demeaning experience with her that I would not have wanted anything more to do with her. I thought that at first, but about ten days later, prissy mouth Margaret called again and said that Jane wanted me to have dinner with her at Le Caprice, one of London's smartest restaurants. I was determined to say no, but like a little lamb I didn't and agreed that I would meet her there at nine the next evening.

"It can be a rather formal restaurant," the stuck up bitch added.

"Yes I know I have been many times," I retorted.

Again Jane could not have been more wonderful or considerate company and she introduced me to several minor celebs in TV and films calling me her "special friend." I was a little embarrassed for they must have known she was lesbian and that by association I must be as well but I could do nothing about it and just enjoyed the glitzy evening in the company of the rather trendy group of people.

In the chauffeur driven car she immediately and without saying anything to the driver put the interconnecting, darkened window up and taking me in her arms kissed me deeply and very passionately. Typically though she didn't seek my agreement just as she hadn't about me going back to her place. It was just all assumed. She knew that she had a power over me and she exploited that to the full by suddenly getting the bill, telling a waiter to call up the car and bundling me out of the restaurant and into the back of it. 

Her hands were everywhere and her tongue was probing down my throat. 

"Just look at them," she said nodding at the people standing on the pavement just a foot or two from us. "Wouldn't some of them pay big money to be able to see in here? Shame that it's all blacked out though so they won't be able to see your tits when I get them out will they?" 

I was shocked that she would even think of such a thing but again the control she now had over me together with the, what I had to admit was, exciting idea of not being seen but being in her arms, got to me. I was wearing a black knee length dress. It had a slightly flared skirt and a low top that had buttons from the neckline to the waist.

As we kissed so her hands undid my top. She pulled it apart and after fondling them for a while lifted each of my full breasts from the black lace bra. It dug into the bottoms of each boob, making them sag a little. She sat me up straight in the middle of the large back seat and chewed my nipples. 

Jane was wearing a black suit with tight trousers and a top like those worn by Chinese people. It had a mandarin collar, was tight over her small breasts and was outside her trousers.

"Put your hands behind your head and sit up straight," she ordered and I did causing my tits to stand out more and stop sagging.

She licked and chewed them as she slowly rolled my skirt up until it was bunched around my waist. I sat there in my panties and self support stockings and with my boobs freed from my bra. I have to admit that when we stopped and people tried to look in I did get a surge of excitement at being like that so nearly in public.

As we wound our way through the heavy traffic in Camden High Street so Jane continued kissing and fondling me. 

"Now play with those titties of yours," she said as her hand went between my legs and began rubbing my pussy and clit. 

It didn't take long, but then it never did when I was with her, for the pleasures of my orgasm to start and I climaxed just as we went slowly by a bus queue near the tube station. I sank backwards on the seat my hands squeezing my bare breasts as the lovely feelings rushed through me. I opened my eyes and looked out of the one-way window at the people on the pavement. The car slowed then stopped. I felt strangely excited having total strangers so close, but knowing they couldn't see me. But then bang, it all changed. It didn't hit me at first when two young guys stared straight at me and smiled. It was only when one of them pointed at me that realised the windows were not one way. I threw myself back onto the seat pulling my clothes around me as Jane laughed.

I asked how she could do such a thing to me but she didn't reply and simply sat there staring out the window in silence ignoring me as if I was nothing. 

At her house she changed again and apologised profusely saying that it had just been a joke. She stood behind where I was seated and begged me to forgive her as she gently massaged my shoulders and ran her hands through my hair and massaged my scalp.

"Come to bed with me Cat, let me make wonderful love to you," she cooed in my ear just before pushing the tip of her tongue into it. At the same time her hands found my breasts and squeezed them with just the right amount of pressure. 

As usual I was powerless to resist her and quickly we were both naked in her bed. She was so gentle and loving, kind and considerate as we kissed and caressed each other. She licked all over my body and gave me a lovely orgasm with her tongue on my clitoris. She brought wine to the bed and I lay in her arms recovering from my climax feeling warm and contented, wanted and loved by her. 

Inevitably it had to happen. It was a natural next step, the last bridge for me to cross with Jane. I wanted to give her an orgasm. I didn't know whether she would approve of me using my initiative and taking the lead. That worried me a little as I slowly slithered down her slim body. 

She tasted and smelt exactly like Emma. The feel, though was quite different, after all she was shaved. It was smoother, almost like licking silk I thought as I then mixed my metaphors by tipping her velvet!

To hear her panting and moaning, to feel her body stiffen and her hands grab my hair. To listen to the grunts and animal like growls and to feel her bald cunt pressing back against my mouth were all amazing sensations. And to realise that it was me bringing about this change, me taking control, me leading her and providing her with so much pleasure and excitement thrilled me and made me cum as she climaxed on my face.

We slept together for the entire night for the first time. During that and the next morning when we again made wonderfully, tender and absolutely satisfying love, she was so kind and comforting to me that I of course forgave her for the trick she'd played even going so far as to say that in retrospective I now found what she had caused me to do exciting. 

"Not," I smiled, "that I want to give a repeat performance." 

"But you would if I asked wouldn't you?" I looked at the hard look on her face but maintained my spirit and said, 

"No I wouldn't Jane and I hope that you would never ask me to."

She flew into a rage at that and started screaming that I should want to do anything she asked of me. She went on and on of how ungrateful I was for she had taught me all I knew and that she'd given me so many untold pleasures and brought such excitement to my "pathetic middle class suburban married life." I began to cry and felt very frightened by this amazing mood swing but she simply ignored me and told me to "fuck off home, the tube station's just around the corner."

I was determined to end it with her. I was very aware that I was into the lesbian scene with her to far too dominating a level and that I was in over my head. Since Spain with her I hadn't had sex with a man, Richard had been away a lot and I'd had a bout of flu and that was starting to worry me. Although I had been fairly relaxed at playing around with Emma starting with Jane, this was a far more intense experience and I felt that perhaps she was leading me down a path that was just one way with no return route.

I didn't hear from her for a week or so and just as I thought that I was free of her a massive bouquet of red roses turned up at the house; she knew Richard was away. Later that day a courier arrived at my home with a large parcel for me and inside I found a pair of leather boots from Gucci, four matching Agent Provocateur bra and panty sets and two Perla waspies. Again just the letter M.

Just as I was going to bed the phone rang. 

"I am so sorry Cat, so very, very sorry" Jane breathed down the phone. The combination of the lovely flowers, the presents and her contrite tone started to get to me and I felt my resolve weakening. 

"I want to make it up to you," she went on and then explained that she was going to her place in Marbella for a long weekend on Friday and would I go with her. At first I said that it was impossible. "What could I possibly say to Richard?"

"He's away isn't he?

"Yes, but what if he phones?"

"Get one of those gizmo things that transfers calls to your mobile."

"Hmmm, yes I could," I said my resistance waning.

"Or you could tell him you're on another tennis course, I could send you an official timetable or something on LTA headed notepaper."

"I said that I would think about it."

She replied "I want you to think of something else too Cat."

"What's that Jane?"

"I want you to think of it right now?"

"What?"

"I want you to think of my tongue going round and round on your clit, as my fingers fuck your cunt and my teeth chew your nipple" she said huskily down the phone. "I am going to make you cum right now."

It didn't take long.

After she had me cum and said goodnight, I thought long and hard, well for at least ten minutes about whether I should go or not. I rang her mobile.

"Hi babe, need some more of Jane's pampering?"

"Not a bad idea," I laughed back. "I'm going to come."

"Thought you just did."

"No to Marbella.""Fantastic."

On Friday afternoon was on a plane from Luton airport bound for Malaga. I got a taxi and gave him the address that Jane had emailed and about half an hour later I was being shown by her around her lovely house up on a hill just outside Marbella. She had travelled out earlier and had been by the pool when I arrived wearing just a bikini.

Not even mentioning the previous incident she kissed me and immediately started to undress me. Again I became totally submissive to her assured and commanding nature and actions and gave myself to her on the couch in her living room.

That evening we popped out to a really trendy restaurant, Sinatras, in Porto Banus and watched all the goings on around the quayside with men cruising past the fantastic boats in their array of Ferraris, Porsches and the like before going into clubs at around 10.00. She seemed to know lots of people and I was introduced to a variety of them ranging from young men and girls in their twenties up to couples in their sixties. They were very glamorous and interesting and, in a strange way, sexy I suppose. But then with my tits so much on display I guess they may have thought I was sexy too.
