 A few months ago, I got an email from the little sister of a girl I know. Her name is April. She got a computer for her birthday. She went online found my email address. I went to grade school with her older sister. April remembered me. She searched me out and surprised me with a letter. 

I remembered her too. She was a pretty little girl who was two years younger than me. Of course, being the little sister, we didn't pay much attention to her. I liked her and I was always nice to her. But we left her behind as her sister and I, hung-out. Now, her sister is in the army and April was emailing me. I am twenty years old and she just turned eighteen. April and I began writing to each other regularly.

In one of her letters, she said that she was graduating high school. Her family was having a huge gathering over the weekend to celebrate her high school graduation. She invited me to come visit her and join her family in celebration. It had been years since I've seen her. I didn't have any plans so I drove over there Friday. I left early enough in the morning to attend her graduation.

I met her at her school. We hugged each other the second I got out of my pick-up truck. She felt good in my arms. April look beautiful in her graduation gown. I sat with her family and watched her as she proudly walked across the stage to accept her high school diploma.

Afterwards, we all went back to her house. All of her relatives from near and far were there. The house was crowded all weekend. People were sleeping every where. During the day, everyone was cooking, eating, and generally having fun. At night, they all sat around happily talking and drinking beer. I did not realize that she had such a large family. She changed out of her gown into a t-shirt and cut-off shorts. I was surprised to see how much she had grown. I think she was ten years old when I seen her last. Like me, she has long, jet black hair. Her breasts were small, but I could see that she has long nipples through her braless t-shirt.

Tired from the days events, April and I showered early and went to bed. We slept together in her bed. That was nice. She has this small bed that is only big enough for one person. So when we got into bed together, we were constantly rubbing against each other. We had to hug each other to keep from falling out of her tiny bed.

We both slept in our t-shirts. We were nude under our t-shirts. I liked that! No panties or bras, only t-shirts. I wanted too sleep completely nude like I do at home, but there were to many people in her house.

The first night was really erotic because we could feel each other's body as we held each other. I kept getting wet from the close contact of our bodies. I enjoyed the feeling of her body against me. But I was to tired from the long day to react. With April's arms around me, I soon fell asleep. 

I had fallen asleep lying on my belly. Sometime in the night, she got halfway on top of me. I awaken to feel her slowly grinding her pussy against my ass. The study rhythm of her grinding was very sexual. It really surprised me to wake and find her grinding herself against me. But I figured that she was asleep and was having an erotic dream. I have a habit of humping one of my pillows when I am having a sex dream.

Then she did something that told me she was awake. I felt her slowly pulling my t-shirt up over my ass. Then, I felt her wet pussy pressing against my ass-cheek. I knew she had pulled her t-shirt up too because I could feel her wet pussy hairs on my ass. Now I knew she was fully aware of what she was doing. She was humping me!

I wasn't sure what I should do. The house was full of her relatives. I didn't want us to get caught doing anything in her bed. But I also didn't want her to stop humping me. So, I just laid there, faking sleep.

April slowly pulled herself all the way on top of me. She was getting wetter. I felt a rivulet of her wetness run down between my ass-cheeks as she positioned herself above me. I remember thinking to myself, "she gets as wet as I do!"

She was breathing in my ear. Actually, she was doing more panting than breathing. I also felt her soft breast on my back. Her nipples were erect. I felt her wet pubic hairs rubbing against my buttocks as she humped against me harder. I knew instinctively that she was approaching orgasm.

I was becoming sexually aroused myself. I felt my vagina begin to lubricate. My clitoris became alive with a throbbing sensation. My hips began to move. I found myself grinding my clitoris against the mattress as April masturbated herself against my ass. Then I made a mistake. I opened my legs and moved to a more comfortable position under her.

That stopped her cold. I don't know how she could have thought I'd sleep through her masturbating herself against me, but now she knew that I was awake.

She suddenly slid off of me. She whispered, "I'm sorry Kala. I didn't mean to do that."

I rolled over on my back. My clitoris was throbbing with aroused. I did not want her to stop. It had been way to long since I've shared myself sexually with anyone. Having this beautiful girl on top of me was awesome!

I whispered, "That's okay. It was nice."

She said nothing, so I added, "Sometimes, I like to grind myself against a pillow. I can bring myself to orgasm like that."

She waited a beat, then said, "your ass is like a pillow. It feels really good against my pussy." 

We both looked around to see if anyone was awake. Thanks to plenty of booze, everyone was sleeping soundly. But to be safe, we both spoke in whispers. Neither of us wanted to get caught doing anything sexual in her bed.

I was sweating from the contact of her. It was hot in her bedroom. I sat-up and pulled my t-shirt off. In the darkness, I could feel her eyes caressing my naked breast. Giving her a show, I pinched both my nipples, making then hard. 

Then April sat-up and pulled-off her t-shirt. Her breasts were much smaller than mines, but her long nipples stood at attention.

Neither of us knew what to do next. We lay there listening to each other breathing. We could smell the musky scent of our sexual arousal. That told me that we were both sopping wet. Plus, we were both sweating from our unsatisfied sexual needs. In other words, we both needed to orgasm.

I made the first move. Rolling towards her, I pulled her into my arms. Her body melted against me. I hugged her and whispered in her ear, "you can use me for a pillow anytime you need to."

Before I finished saying that, she rolling me to my back and slid her naked body on top of me. I felt her erect nipples against my breast. I felt her wet pussy against my upper thigh. She was sopping wet. So was I!

As she began humping me again, her thigh fell between my legs. I began humping against her thigh. We held each other tightly as we masturbated against each other.

Not a word we spoken between us. We just held each other and grinded our wet pussies against each other. Sweat covered our bodies. Our breathing was loud. April's bed began creaking in protest as we pounded each other. 

The sound of her bed creaking worried me. I held her ass to slow her down. We both listened to hear if anyone was awake. All we heard was the sounds of snoring.

As we listened for trouble, April lowered her head and brushed my lips with her soft lips. Then she traced my upper lip with her tongue. I raised my hips pushing my clitoris against her thigh as her tongue parted my lips.

She gently placed her mouth on my mouth...and we kissed. It was the softest most erotic kiss I have ever had. Slowly, her tongue eased into my mouth...and our tongues began to dance together. It was a long passionate kiss.

Her hips began to move against my thigh again. I felt her wetness. It seemed to be flowing out of her. There was a pool of sweat between our bellies. Her back was slick with sweat as I rubbed my hands up and down her back.

Then I reach to her head. I broke our kiss as I gently turned her head sideways. I pulled her ear towards my mouth. I began tracing her ear with my tongue. I heard her moan as my tongue followed the lines of her ear. Her hips were going faster. Her bed began creaking again. But I was to busy with her ear to care. My tongue reached her neck. I began placing kisses on her neck.

April was holding herself up with her hands so that I could kiss her neck and ears. I reached between us and cupped her small breast. My fingers found her nipples and I began to gently pinch her nipples.

That caused April to go ballistic! She began pounding her pussy against me. Her bed creaked as she moaned with pure lust. Her thigh was rubbing against my pussy as she rode me. Her humping action was causing her thigh to bump against my clitoris. I felt like I was going insane with the need to cum.

Suddenly, April body went stiff. She groaned as she burst into orgasm. I held her in my arms as she came. I felt her entire body tremble in orgasm.

I was right on the edge of orgasm. She pressed her thigh against my cunt. I fucked myself against her until I burst into orgasm. I heard her bed shaking as my body pulsated in orgasm.

After our orgasms, we held each other tightly. Her mouth found mines and we kissed. Breaking our kiss she said, "I can't believe I came the hard."

I smiled as I said, "me too." Then we kissed again. 

Suddenly, a voice called out in the dark. "Hey! What the fuck is going on in there?"

April slid off of me as her dad walked through her bedroom door. 

He yelled, "Kala! If you're fucking around with April, I'm going to break both your legs!"

As I laid there, praying that he would not notice that we were both covered with sweat, and naked, under our blanket. I wondered why he was ready to blame me for anything that he thought was happening in his daughter's bed. 

April yelled, "We're not doing nothing dad! Go back to bed and take your perverted fantasies with you!"

We heard him popped-open a can of beer as he walked back to his room. We heard her mom saying something but they lost interest in us. April and I laughed in relief.  The next day, Saturday, as she drove us around in her uncle's old car, she asked me about my love life. I told her that I didn't have much of a love life. She asked me if I was a lesbian. I told her that I was bisexual. She told me that she was straight and that she was also a virgin. 

I thought that was amazing. She was an eighteen year old virgin. Most girls around here looses their virginity almost soon after their period starts. A lots get pregnant before graduating high school. This girl still kept her legs cross.

Then it dawned on me what she had just told me. She was straight? What! I asked her, "if you are straight, then what was last night about?

Blushing, she answered, "Maybe you are irresistible."

I seriously doubt if I am anything close to being irresistible. But I didn't want to corner her. She sounded confusing to me. She told me that she is straight, yet she brought herself to orgasm by grinding her very wet pussy against me. That isn't something that straight girls do to other girls. But I wasn't going to push the issue. We both experienced powerful orgasms before her dad interrupted us. I was grateful for that.

I volunteered to her that I love to masturbate. I was trying to get her to open-up on that subject so that I could ask her some masturbation questions. I love talking about masturbation, almost as much as I love doing it. I wanted to know how often she masturbated and what technique she liked. But she quickly changed the subject away from sex.

We spent the day hanging-out with some of her friends. That was fun. We played video games and gossiped. April was telling everyone about how drunk everyone got yesterday during the gathering. That made everyone laugh. April didn't mention anything that indicted what we had done to each other in her bed. I knew she wanted to keep that a secret from her friends.

We got back to her home late that evening. It was the second night of her family gathering. It seemed to me like there were more people than every there! And they had plenty of food and booze.

April and I didn't drink any booze, but we ate lots of food. Later, we showered and got into her bed.

That night, as we lay next to each other, we put our arms around each other. She felt really good in my arms. We began kissing. I love kissing her. Our legs kind-of went between each other's legs as we kissed. 

Soon, we were both wet with arousal as we rubbed our pussies against each other's thigh. I could smell the musky scent of our wetness. At one point, I felt like I was about to cum. But to many of her family members were walking around the house. When ever we humped each other hard enough to achieve orgasm, her stupid bed creaked loudly. We were both wet & sweaty from sexually frustrated. We had to cool-it. Finally we stopped kissing and fell asleep.

At about one o'clock in the morning, I got up to piss. April got up with me. We had to step over people who were sleeping on the floor. One of her aunts was in their only bathroom. I couldn't hold my pee another second, so we went outside to pee.

When we got outside, we lifted our t-shirts, squatted down, and began to piss. We were facing each other. In the moonlight, I could see her pissing. Her labia lips looked puffy. She had a full bush of pubic hair surrounding her pussy.

I could see that she was looking at my cunt as I pissed. I also have a full bush, but I keep it well trimmed. I knew that she could easily see my aroused pussy lips as well as my swollen clitoral hood.

When I finished pissing, her hand made it's way to my cunt. When she touched me, I almost came on the spot! I moaned as she gently caressed my pussy. I stayed squatted down and allowed her gentle fingers to explore my most intimate secrets. Then my hand eased between her legs. I gently touched her soft pussy lips. I could feel the heat from her arousal. My fingertips gently glided over her clitoris. It was stiff with arousal. It was so erotic. We were outside, squatting down while gently rubbing each other's pussy. It was completely unexpected.

Then we heard the dogs barking. That scared us. We thought someone was lurking around outside. We got up and went back into the house. 

The bathroom was empty. We went into the bathroom. I washed my hands. I used a washcloth on my pussy with warm soapy water. April did the same to herself. Then we got back into her bed.

As soon as we got into bed, we held each other really tight. I wanted to kiss her. It took me a second to find her mouth. Teasing me, she kind-of turned her head to avoid my kiss. I was chasing her mouth trying to kiss her!

When I finally got my mouth on her mouth, she totally kissed me. We both open our mouths and tongue kissed. It felt wonderful to kiss her.

We couldn't talk. We had to be quiet because there were so many of her relatives in the house. But we were both moaning as our kiss deepened.

I got on top of her and started grinding my cunt against her. But every time I started humping her hard enough to cum, her damn bed made to much noise. We did not need her dad, charging into her room, like he did last night.

I was delirious with unrelenting sexual urges. I had to cum before I went insane. So I grabbed her by her hand and dragged her back outside. We got into the back seat of her uncle's old ford. I laid her down and I got on top of her. We hungrily started kissing again.

I was humping her pelvis bone. I could feel my wetness flowing out of my cunt onto her. We both stopped for a second and pulled our t-shirts off. Now, we were both completely naked! 

I laid myself on top of her. I could feel her humping against my leg. The car was old and had worn-out clothes seat. I was to turned-on to think about how much of our wetness was getting onto the seat. We were both really wet.

We didn't talk. This was pure lesbian lust! We didn't need to say a word to each other. We both knew what we desperately needed from each other. 

I felt like I was about to cum. I was grinding my clitoris against her pelvis bone. April was pinching my nipples while we kissed. I was surprised at how aggressively she was kissing me. She had her tongue in my mouth the whole time we were kissing.

Suddenly, I knew that I was about to cum. I could not hold it. My body went stiff and I began to pulsate in orgasm. My orgasm literally exploded within me. I groaned loudly as I came.

April held my tightly in her arms as I came. She knew without a doubt that I was experiencing an orgasm. She could tell by the way my body shook that I was cuming. I felt myself gushing as I came.

When my orgasm began to subside, I raised up and looked at her. She was smiling at me. I smiled down at her. Then I notice that she was still humping herself against my leg. She was on the verge of orgasm.

That was when I spoke the first words since getting into her uncle's car. I simply asked her, "do you trust me?"

She said, "sure"

I began kissing my way down her body. I kissed her ears. I traced her ears with my tongue. I took my time and kissed both ears.

Then I kissed my way down to her breast. I held her breast in my hands as I kissed each nipple. I sucked her nipples into my mouth and swirled my tongue around on them. I pushed her breast together so that I could easily go from one nipple to the other. I could feel her humping her pussy against my body as I gently bit her nipples.

I kissed my way down to her rib cage. I covered her belly with kisses. I stopped at her cute little belly button and swirled my tongue inside it. That made her moan with pleasure.

My tongue followed a trail of fine pubic hair from her belly button, down to a forest of thick pussy hair. I rubbed my nose in her wet pubic hair.

My tongue slid over her Venus mound, down to her vaginal entrance. I purposely avoided her touching clit by going around it. I open her legs wider and I inhaled to wonderfully sensuous scent of her sopping wet pussy. Of course, since I had just gushed my cum on her, I guess the scent was from us both.

I lowered my head and started caressing her puffy labia lips with my lips & tongue. I blew air on her cunt. That made her moan again. I gently licked her pussy lips with my tongue. I felt her hips move when I did that.

I gently licked her entire pubic area and the inside of her thighs. I avoid her clitoris as I licked all around it. She was moving her hips around, trying to get me to lick her clit. I teasingly avoid her clit while licking her down there.

I plunged my tongue into her vagina and tongue fucked her. Unable to resist her clit any longer. I dragged my tongue from her fuck-hole, up to her clit. I began swirling her clitoris around with my tongue. I eased two fingers into her tight little vagina as my tongue danced with her clitoris. 

I began to finger-fuck her. My tongue never left her clitoris while my fingers went in and out of her sopping wet vagina.

She was humping my face. Her hands were on my head. She was moaning as I continued to drive her crazy with my tongue and fingers.

Suddenly, she burst into orgasm. I felt her vagina twitching against my fingers as she came. She was bucking her hips in orgasm.

It was awesome! I felt her cuming. I keep my mouth glued to her cunt. 

After she came, I swung around and got us into a sixty-nine position, me on top. This gave me a different angle to do oral sex on her.

I spread open her cunt and started licking her from her fuck-hole...up to her clit. I love the way her stiff little clit felt against my tongue.

I felt her hands go around my hips. She pulled my pussy down to her mouth. I felt her mouth and tongue against my pussy. I was so wet that I was afraid she would drown!

I felt her slid her fingers into my vagina. She began finger-fucking me. I couldn't handle it! I burst into another powerful orgasm!
