 Author's Note 1: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

I am not fat. Far from it. However, I have always dreamed of being the kind of girl all men—and hopefully a few women—fantasize about. And since I recently started doing all the things I always wanted to do, but never found the time to, I chose to go for it. Of course, it didn't hurt that the gym nearest to my house was having a promotion. For a mere $120/year—a little over $200 with the signup fee and taxes—I had access to the gym 24h/day as well as three sessions with a personal trainer.

I kept myself in relatively good shape—I ran three times a week and lifted weights at least once—but I wasn't ready for such an intense workout. Far from it.

It all started with a preliminary meeting, during which one of the gym's personal trainers would help me determine my goals and create a personalized workout program. At least that was the plan. But when I entered the trainer's office, I realized it wouldn't be so easy.

My temporary personal trainer turned out to be two personal trainers. Even more surprising was their great beauty. I could barely believe my eyes as I studied the two breathtaking women standing before me. Their locks of platinum-blonde hair had been tied into pony tails, yet their beauty remained just as overpowering. Every detail of their appearance was identical, be it their luscious lips, firm breasts or bodacious butts. Then again, that was rather normal seeing how they were identical twins.

It took a while before I recovered from the shock. When I finally did, I introduced myself and was invited in. As soon as the door was closed, the twins made their way around the desk—I have no clue why personal trainers needed desks, but I was too busy staring at the beautiful sisters to care—and took a seat.

After introducing themselves, the twins proceeded to asking me a variety of questions. They were designed to help clarify my goals and create a personalized workout plan. I expected the process to be long and boring, but it was surprisingly fun. Then again, the twins could have tortured me and I still would have enjoyed it. That's how beautiful they were. In fact, I lost myself in their beauty on more than one occasion, my face reddening each time the twins had to repeat a question.

By the time my workout plan was complete, a full thirty minutes had passed. I probably would have been surprised had I not been busy studying the twins' flawless figures. They were now standing, the skin-tight outfits leaving little to the imagination.

It took me a few seconds before I realized they had just asked me a question. I blushed for the umpteenth time as I yet again asked them to repeat the question. They probably thought I was hard of hearing.

"We were just wondering when you planned on beginning your training," said one of the sisters.

"We're free later today," added the other.

I didn't know if I wanted to use up the first of my three free coaching sessions on the first day, but the twins were too beautiful for me to even consider refusing their tempting offer. I couldn't wait for them to work me out.

"O—okay," I stuttered, hoping they had not heard the lust that laced my response.

"Perfect!" said the twins in unison. I loved it when twins did that, especially such beautiful ones.

I had to go home and change, but a short thirty minutes later I was back and ready for my first workout. We began with a quick warmup. The twins took turns explaining how the exercise was performed while the other demonstrated it. Never once did they interrupt each other, which told me they had done this hundreds of times before.

Once the warmup was complete, the workout finally began. It only took a few minutes before I realized the twins were very hands-on. Not only did they perform the workout alongside me, but they used their hands to adjust my body each time my posture was off. It only took a few touches before the arousal that had been gradually growing within me finally exploded. It rose within me like a tidal wave, washing away everything but the overpowering attraction I felt for the twins. The sight of their sweat-covered bodies was the last straw.

One second I was doing sit-ups, praying for the sweet release of death and the next I was passionately making out with one of the twins. I knew this was only a fantasy, but I didn't care. I explored the beautiful trainer's mouth with my tongue, enjoying the feel of her tongue sliding against mine.

When our lips finally parted, I inhaled deeply, but a few seconds of repose was all I was awarded. Moments after the first twin's lips left mine, the second one's tongue slipped into my mouth. I barely had time to realize what was happening before we were passionately making out.

She was as great a kisser as her sister. In fact, the twins had the exact same kissing style. It was almost as if the same person had taught them to kiss. Unless...

It was of course unrealistic to believe such a thing, but there was a slim chance the twins had taught each other how to kiss. The thought of their lips making contact and their tongues dancing around in each other's mouths drove me wild with incestuous arousal.

Moments later, I was breaking the kiss. The twin whose lips had just left mine seemed surprised, but not as much as when I explained the reason for ending the make out session.

"I want you to kiss each other," I said.

I expected the twins to be shocked, but they just laughed, no doubt believing I was only kidding. But they were about to discover out just how serious I was.

"I'm the one paying for this session," I pointed out. That wasn't exactly true, but I hoped they were too freaked out to notice. "That means I'm in charge." I inserted a short pause. "Now kiss!"

The twins shared a glance. I didn't know what was going through their minds, but I sure as hell hoped it had to do with incest. They stared at each other for the longest time before finally leaping into each other's arms. One second they were just standing there, staring at each other and the next they were passionately making out.

I stood there, frozen in disbelief as the two sisters kissed each other. Their bodies started grinding together, soft moans falling from their tongue-filled mouths. By the time their lips finally parted, it was clear they had given in to the lure of incest. I wondered if it was their first time doing something so perverse, but I quickly realized it didn't matter. Their incestuous make out session had proved my dominance over them. Taking full advantage of this newfound power, I put the next part of my plan into action.

Without taking the time to tell the twins what I was up to, I began to strip. Once I was completely naked, I dropped to the padded floor and spread my legs. I peered up at the twins and beckoned them forward with an index. That was all it took.

I watched the twins approach, so focused on them I didn't even notice the fact that every other person in the gym had vanished. Only the twins and I now remained. Thankfully, that was enough.

"Lick my pussy," I ordered, pointing to one of the twins. My finger than traveled to her sister. "And you, lick my ass."

Those were the last words I spoke in quite some time. No sooner had they left my lips that the beautiful sisters dropped to the floor and shuffled over to me. A blissful moan shot past my lips as their tongue made contact with my body. One slithered across my slit, stopping only once it had reached my clit. Focusing on it, it began teasing it, making me squeal with delight. The second tongue pressed against my asshole and began licking it. I giggled giddily.

The twins teased me for the longest time before I finally lost it and begged for an escalation. No sooner had the words left my lips that their tongues dove into me. One slid deep into my soaking-wet pussy, darting in and out with fierce intensity. The other slithered past my anus, massaging my rectum as only a woman can.

My chest rose and fell to the rhythm of my rapid breaths as moans flowed past my lips. They echoed throughout the gym for the longest time before I finally couldn't bear all that teasing. I wanted to climax and, as skillful as the twins were, I knew simple tongue fucking would not suffice.

My eyes flew open and my gaze landed on the twins. A smile curled my lips as I realized the fantasy had bent the laws of reality to provide the twins with the very tools they needed to bring me to climax.

Now naked from head to toe, the sisters each wore a massive strapon, the large shaft standing perfectly erect between their legs. I stared at them with an eager smile as I scrambled to my feet.

I was planning on telling the twins what to do, but they took charge of the situation and approached me with unwavering determination. One of them lay down before me, her "cock" now standing perfectly vertical.

"Get on," was all she had to say.

Moments later, I was kneeling over her, slowly lowering myself onto the shaft. A powerful moan shot past my lips as inch after inch slid into my soaking-wed slit. I kept going until the entire shaft had been swallowed up. Only then did the second twin make her move.

She came to kneel behind me. Grabbing my waist, she carefully pressed the tip of her strapon against my anus. She let it sit there for a second before jerking forward, sending every inch of it flying into me. It was huge, but I welcomed it with a powerful moan.

More soon followed as she started pounding me. She was a lot stronger than she looked. The force of her thrusts forced my body to rock back and forth, sending her sister's strapon flying in and out of my pussy. The combined stimulation soon got too much for me to handle.

I started to moan at the top of my lungs as I got pounded by the two beautiful twins. In and out the toys traveled, luring one of the most powerful orgasms of my life to my body. One second I was moaning at the top of my lungs and the next I was squirting all over the place.

I hadn't come so hard in quite some time. Wave after wave of orgasmilk shot out me. It soared through the air for a few seconds before raining down upon all three of us, drenching us in a matter of seconds.

The twins continued riding me until the final wave oozed out of me. By then, I was so exhausted I could barely breathe, let alone move. That was why I just lay there as the twins pulled away from me. Shuffling to either side of me, they lowered their lips to mine and started kissing me. Our tongues danced around for a few seconds before the fatigue of my recent orgasm finally got the better of me. I passed out.

When I came to, the fantasy was over. Both the twins and I were fully clothed and the gym was buzzing with activity. I was halfway through doing a sit-up when the shock of my fantasy ending became too much for my abs to handle. They gave out and I crashed to the floor.

I lay there for a few seconds before the twins ordered me to keep going. I threw them a pleading glance, but they ignored it. I suddenly realized they would not be as pliable as the twins I had met in my fantasy. Sure enough, they worked me harder than ever before, refusing to let me rest until I competed every one of their insane demands.

By the time the session was over, every inch of my body was throbbing with pain. I barely even made it home in one piece. As for the next few days, they were spent moaning each and every time I moved. At first, I promised myself never to set foot in that gym again, but as the pain faded and the memory of that vivid fantasy persisted, my resolve wavered. It took almost a week, but I eventually found the courage to return. Part of me dreaded seeing the twins again, but the rest of me could not wait for the intense fantasy I was convinced would accompany the reunion.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez