 Author's Note 1: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

Before I begin, I would like to mention that I know this fantasy sounds a little farfetched, but I swear that everything you are about to read is true, down to the unlucky streak I went through before deciding to write about my unfortunate events. I hope you enjoy.

I love watching movies and TV series. It's what I do to relax. Unfortunately, purchasing Dexter: The Complete Series was far from relaxing. I already owned the first three seasons, but when I saw the complete series for sale on Amazon, I could not resist. However, I already had quite a few movies and seasons waiting for me, so I put off watching Dexter until I had a little more time. By the time I finally got around to it, the 30-day return period had expired. Since the product was new, I did not worry. Boy was I wrong.

When I received the complete series, I sold the three individual seasons I already owned. That was my first mistake. When I started re-watching the show, I only got to season two before discovering one of the discs was scratched and froze. I knew had no choice but to purchase the second season again (yes, the very same one I had sold just weeks earlier). I contacted Amazon to tell them what had happened and they were kind enough to refund the cost of the replacement season. I thought that was the end of my problems. Once again, I was completely wrong.

I made it all the way to the sixth season before another disc froze. I did not feel like buying yet another replacement season, so I skipped over the part that froze and only missed a minute or so. But I reached my limit when yet another disc froze in season seven. I considered sending Amazon another email explaining the pitiful state of the supposedly new box set they had sent me, but by then I was pretty angry and decided to instead give them a call. I am not the type to get angry at customer service people because I know they are not responsible for the troubles their company's customers are experiencing, but this time was different. I was pissed and someone was going to pay. I was planning on giving the customer service agent a piece of my mind, but all my anger instantly faded the second I heard her voice.

"Welcome to Amazon customer service," she said. "How may I be of assistance?"

Instantly, my anger faded and a spark of arousal ignited deep within my pussy. I never understood how people could get turned on by phone sex. Until now. The woman at the other end of the line had the sultriest voice I had ever heard and the mere sound of it made me wet. I had no idea what she looked like, but in my mind's eyes, she was a beautiful, fiery redhead. I could feel my arousal level skyrocket at the mere thought of her and knew it was only a matter of time before one of my fantasies took over. But in order for my sexual daydream to go unnoticed, I first had to provide the reason for my call.

I barely had time to explain the situation before reality faded. I was so turned on that I made my move mere seconds after the fantasy had begun. Barely taking the time to take a breath, I said the first thing I could think of.

"What do you look like?" I asked.

There was a moment of silence before the woman started to stutter a reply.

"Never mind," I cut her off. "You're a redhead now, okay?"

There was another short silence before I a weak, "Okay," emerged from the receiver.

"Do you know what I'm thinking of?" I asked.

Her silence made her confusion obvious. Ignoring it, I kept going.

"I'm licking your pussy."

Another silence.

"You are?" she asked timidly.

"Yes!" I replied firmly. "And you taste so sweet."

The second I heard her giggle nervously, I knew my plan was working.

"Can you feel my tongue diving in and out of you?" I asked. "Soaking up your sweet juices? Sending shivers of arousal running across your skin?"

To each one of my questions, I got a weak, "Yes." It took a while, but I eventually heard her start to moan. I pictured her with her panties around her ankles and her legs spread wide. I imagined the expression on her face as I furiously tongue-fucked her tight cunt.

Her moans grew.

"I'm gonna cum!" she soon announced. I had no clue if she was just playing along or if she was actually pleasuring herself, but I did not care. All that mattered was the picture of her I painted in my mind. I saw her with short breath. With tangled hair. With a writhing body. Then it happened. She climaxed.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" she shrieked. A smile curled my lips as I pictured her squirting her hot juices all over me. I could almost feel her sweet nectar running down my chin. I imagined her poon clenched around my tongue as she released wave after wave.

Her breathing began to slow and with one final moan, it was all over. But for me, it was just beginning. I was getting ready to command her to reciprocate when she took control.

"Do you know what I'm thinking of?" she asked.

I smiled. Those were the exact same words I had used. Gladly giving up control, I lay back in my computer chair and spread my legs (did I ever mention I hate to wear underwear) and started stroking my bare pussy.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as my fingers danced across my engorged labia. My cunt was already soaking wet and my phone lover's voice only made it wetter. But it was not until she spoke again that my juices really started flowing.

"Guess what I'm holding in my hand," she said, but continued before I could even answer. "A strapon!"

I almost came then and there. But I held on long enough for her to describe the toy in detail. I will not bore you with the details, but suffice it to say it was big. No, huge!

"Can you feel me sliding it in your pussy?" she asked.

"No!" was my answer. I gave her a second to worry before explaining. "Because it's is my ass."

She giggled nervously and I pictured her turning red with embarrassment and arousal. But she quickly got over her initial shock and remained control.

"Do you like the way my big cock feels in your ass?" she asked.

"I fucking love it!" After a short pause, I added, "Faster. Fuck me faster!"

No sooner had the words left my lips that she started grunting. My arousal skyrocketed as I pictured her furiously jerking back and forth, forcing every last inch of her strapon in and out of my ass. Of course, what I felt darting in and out of my rectum was the vibrator I had recently pulled out of my sex drawer, but in my mind's eyes, it was a massive strapon.

"Faster!" I begged again. "FASTER!"

She was now pounding the living shit out of me. My breath was short. Beads of sweat pearled on my forehead. More arousal than ever before coursed through my veins.

"I'm gonna c..." I began, but the final word died in my throat.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I instead shrieked as my pussy came to life. Wave after wave of orgasmilk shot out of me and splashed all over my desk and computer. But I did not care. Nothing mattered but the incredible feeling of my lover's large strapon diving in and out of my ass as I squirted all over the place.

Unfortunately, I was never given a chance to finish. About halfway through one of the most intense fantasy orgasms of my life, a voice snapped me back to reality. It was the same voice I had been fantasizing about for the past few minutes, but the words it formed made it clear my sexual daydream was over.

"Is there anything else I can do for you?" she asked in that sultry voice of hers. Glancing around, I discovered my surroundings free of cum and my vibrator safely tucked away in my sex drawer. A sigh escaped me as I realized my fantasy was officially over.

I had missed most of the conversation and had absolutely no idea what my fantasy lover's real-world twin had said. But I could not very well tell her I had missed what she had just said because I was fantasizing, so I simply thanked her for her help and hung up.

I had no idea what I had agreed to until I received an email confirming the impending expedition of a replacement copy of Dexter: The Complete Series. A few days later, the package arrived and I was able to replace the defective discs and watch the rest of the series without incident. It was a lot of work for a mere eight seasons, but given the fantasy I got out of it, I have to admit it was worth it.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez