 Back in the sun, my favorite place to be...

As is always the case at home, naked. I wouldn't consider having any clothes on at home, and a bathing suit is out of the question. No tan lines for my completely tanned body...ever.

My suntan oil is banana-scented, but I add a lot of musk oil to it...musk makes me very horny and I've worn it ever since I can remember.

Making myself horny without even touching myself? Okay...I'll admit to that...it's happened a lot.

Also in the suntan oil...about a third of the bottle: Blue's cum. Oooooohhhhh yeah...

You should know by now, Blue and I cum a LOT. We don't squirt...it just flows. And flows and flows and flows. It's one of the many things she and I love about each other. I LOVE having her cum all over me, soooooooo, there it is, in my suntan oil.

I do realize, that will hard for a lot of you to believe. I understand that, but I did refer to myself as a slutty nympho. That's how slutty I CAN be.

I laid there for a few minutes and let the sun heat up my body, then I reached for the oil which was hot from baking in the sun.

"Here baby, I'll take care of that." 

It was my hot Blue, of course, as naked as me. 

Though not a fan of lying in the sun, she does love feeling the sun on her body...she also loves slathering oil all over me.

I smiled as Blue sat on my hips and smiled at me. She just looked into my eyes and squirted LOTS of oil all over her large breasts and let it drip on my body.

"Oh FUCK, Blue...you're so fucking sexy!"

She just smiled some more and watched me as she leaned way back. I raised my knees to let her rest back against my thighs. She squirted a lot more oil between her breasts, and let it flow down her lovely body, over her tummy and soaking her pussy before it flowed onto me.

My pussy started throbbing hard and my breathing got deeper...I got my hands all oily and slid them down her back to her ass, where I held onto her.

Blue leaned forward and slid her oil-soaked pussy on my body. I squeezed her ass some more...a finger slipping deep between her cheeks, playing with her...teasing her...

Blue purred for me and laid her body down on top of me, sliding it all over me. I pressed my well-oiled finger on the opening to her ass more firmly, rubbing tight circles.

Blue squealed, then kissed me roughly, fucking her tongue deep into my mouth. I kept playing with her ass and she whimpered loudly while trying devour my lips.

FUCK! I wanted her...my pussy was going insane!

I slid her way up so I could reach her pussy from behind. It was so hot! I used all my fingers to massage her swollen outer lips.

Blue broke our kiss, but kept her lips very close to mine...

"Oooooohhhh Sunny...no baby...I have to pee really bad!"

That sent a thrill through my body...I slipped a finger just inside her and giggled.

"It's okay lover! You can pee on me! I don't care!"

"No Sunny...I am NOT going to pee on you...let me go, baby." 

I spoke quieter, my breath on her lips, "Aaaawwww...I KNOW ya want to...I just know it."

When I started using two fingers to play with her clit, her body jumped.

"FUCK, SUNNY! DON'T! You're GOING to make me pee all over you!"

"Oooooooooo! Maybe you'll pee on my pussy!"

"Dammit no, Sunny...I will NOT pee on your pussy!"

"Hmmmmm...I think you just might!"

I got her clit between my two fingers and slid my thumb inside her, gently massaging her g-spot. 

She screamed and bit my lower lip with her lips...her ass muscles tightened and her pussy squeezed my thumb...then she screamed into my mouth...

DAMMIT! SUNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!

Hmmmmmm...gee...which would she do first...cum all over me or pee uncontrollably?

I have to say...either one would be a LOT of fun!

Well, I didn't make Blue pee on me. She slipped away from me and ran inside.

I laid in the sunshine a while longer. At 48 degrees, too cold to open the dome...but the brilliant sunshine, with tanning rays allowed through the glass, was baking my skin and felt delightful.

One of my fetishes came to mind. It's the fetish that turns me on the most. Since you've read my other stuff, this shouldn't surprise you. I have alluded to it before, but haven't gone deeply into it.

I hope you're ready to hear about it and I appreciate the chance to tell you about it. Here it is:

I LOVE to have Blue on top of me and make her cum ALL over my body. We both cum a LOT. Our cum lusciously flows and flows and flows from our pussies. We can cover each other with one orgasm.

So it is, with Blue on top of me, she looks into my eyes, her bangs hanging over her pretty eyes while I rub her swollen clit. She has her lovely ass in the air and I can reach under her, or she slides up higher so I can reach over her ass.

Her body trembles hard and her breath is hot on my lips...she's whimpering louder and louder...I rub her clit faster...my other hand has a firm grip on her ass.

Then she screams and pounces her mouth upon mine, still screaming into my mouth and trying to fuck my throat with her tongue...her hands pulling hard on my hair...a violent orgasm taking control of her body and her cum flowing like a swiftly-moving river from her burning pussy...

...in no time at all, my tan skin is COVERED with luscious Blue-cum!

FUCK! I LOVE IT!

We smother each others lips with kisses, then I gently roll her onto her back. I let her watch me spread her cum all over my body...from my neck, all over my breasts, my tummy, my hips and my pussy.

I throw my waist-length hair back and delight in Blue watching me pause at my pussy to play with myself a little...then I spread her cum on my thighs, below my knees and all over my feet, making sure I get precious Blue-cum between all my toes.

By then, Blue is horny all over over again and can't lie still...she eases me onto my tummy and straddles my ass with her legs spread wide...I raise my ass up for her and she hotly fucks herself on one of my firm ass cheeks. With two handfuls of my hair, she cums EVEN harder than before, riding my ass and pulling my hair to keep from falling off...

...I am fucking SOAKED with her precious cum! She slides down and I spread my legs for her while she spreads her cum all over my shoulders and back...my ass is already covered...she spreads it all over the back of my thighs and legs...

Oh...my...goodness!

Blue leans around to me and kisses my lips, sliding her tongue into my mouth only once. Then, keeping her breath on my lips, she whispers, 

"When you come back inside, I'll fuck you absolutely to death, baby."

I lie there and let Blue's cum thoroughly dry on me. Later, when I go inside, I'll apply musk oil on my body...my neck, my breasts and tummy...and I'll slide it along my inner thighs...

Shower? Nooooooooo...no way!

There's still a second aspect to this fetish: 

While I'm still covered from head to toe with an invisible layer of Blue's cum and quite a bit of musk oil, Blue and I go out in public. 

Here's what makes me fucking insanely hot as hell, and it's nothing more than this: Blue holds onto me to let the world know I belong to her.

That's right. It makes me out-of-my-mind horny for Blue to take possession of me...to own me and to show the world I belong to her. It makes my pussy throb so fucking hard, I can feel it throughout my body!

That's a fetish...and it's my fetish!

Sometimes, she wraps her arm around my ass, under my dress with her hand resting on my hip. I'm pretty sure she knows how MUCH of me she's showing the world. It's fine with me...it just makes me hotter.

And to be completely covered in her cum? And wearing musk, a scent that turns me on no matter what? HUGE fetish for me!

To make sure you know it's not dom/sub, please know that I make sure everyone knows SHE belongs to ME. Blue and I own each other and possess each other. 

That's how much we love each other.

It doesn't have that same effect on Blue, and that's fine, but I know she does LIKE it. 

She lets me dress as hot as I want...a flouncy little dress that doesn't completely cover my ass and a filmy little top that shows lots of cleavage and lets my nipples poke at the fabric. Six inch "fuck me" heels.

My hair is platinum-blonde and goes to my waist...my bangs are long and don't always stay out of my eyes. 100% of my skin is darkly tanned.

Blue is drop-dead-fucking-gorgeous in a very feminine tux with a white shirt, nicely unbuttoned, and which contrasts beautifully with her black hair. 

She has those eyes that can take you from across a crowded room and make you totally hers...then she could walk out and you'd follow her anywhere...with your eyes glued to her delectable ass.

I hold onto her to proudly let the world know she's mine and no one else can have her...as would anyone.

By the time we get somewhere private, Blue knows how fucking wet my pussy is.

I'm always eager to lift my little dress and spread my legs for her. She buries her face between my thighs and eats me soooooooo good...sucking me hard...swallowing my juices. 

Blue makes my pussy so fucking hot and swollen. 

She knows exactly how I like to be sucked and tongue-fucked.

She should. I love Blue so completely that my pussy is her possession...along with the rest of me...my heart and my soul for time eternal.

Sunny's pussy belongs to Blue.

FUCK! I'M SO HOT FROM WRITING THIS!

I'm turning off my computer...I'm running back inside to fucking POUNCE on my hot Blue!

*****

Thank-you for reading!

Love to all,

Sunny

Copyright 2016 Sunny Johansen