 I awoke this morning with my pussy on fire, my large orchid lips already completely swollen...throbbing...begging for attention.

My wife, Blue, was on her side, facing away from me, and she was sooooooo fucking sexy, lying there with her top leg bent at the knee, her hip leaning over with that leg resting on the mattress.

Fuck! That position always makes me so wet.

I cuddled against her and wrapped my arm around her, my face against the back of her neck. 

Ooooooooo...she smelled just like me...musk oil. 

We both wear musk oil on our necks, between our breasts, our inner thighs very close to our pussies and our asses. 

That scent drives me fucking insane...my pussy was sloppy-drippy and I could FEEL my outer lips trembling...crying out to fucked against the silky-soft skin of Blue's ass.

I get VERY wet and my juices always flow like a river... 

I draped my leg over her and my juices instantly flowed over her, some flowing deep between her ass cheeks, some flowing down her back...

...oooooohhhhhh, but then, my swollen, overheated pussy touched her ass. Ooooohhhh fuck...I was now, surely, past the point of no-return.

My mouth opened wide on the back of her neck and I whimpered helplessly as I fucked my pussy on one of her firm ass cheeks.

Then, Blue woke up and purred deliciously for me...she rolled completely onto her tummy and raised her lovely ass in the air...

Total pleasure shot through my body...I wrapped my arms and legs around Blue and fucked liked crazy against her ass cheek...I was softly screaming, my mouth still wide open on the back of her neck, my teeth now hitting her skin. 

My body was in spasm, sliding in my juices now all over Blue's back...she was bucking her ass up to meet my pussy...my orgasm was building like an oncoming earthquake over my entire body...

"...ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh...FUCK!!"

I came like HELL! As it always does, my cum flowed HEAVILY from me...

Blue loves that and was cheering me on. "Oh yeah, Sunny! Cum all over me, lover!" 

Oooohhh, did I ever...I came all over Blue's ass and down her back, covering her! Then I collapsed and fell over on the bed beside her...I gently eased her up to lie on my shoulder. 

She climbed on top of me and straddled my tummy with her legs spread and started smothering my lips with hot, wet kisses...she was whimpering and purring in a flurry of begging and pleading and kissing.

"Fuck Sunny...my pussy needs you so bad...fuck me...fuck me, Sunny...please, baby..."

I was having a wonderful time, spreading my cum and juices all over her back and ass...sliding my finger deep between her ass cheeks and teasing her there.

"Aaaawww...does baby need Sunny to fuck her real good?"

"Sunny...fuck...please take care of my pussy!"

"Mmmmmm! Ya know I will, hotstuff! Will you cum real hard all over me?"

I slid her body up higher so I could reach her pussy.

She screamed, "Fuck YES, I will!" 

LOTS more kisses. "Take my pussy...possess my pussy!" 

More kisses, then she screamed again, "Blue's pussy belongs to Sunny!"

I squeezed her ass real hard while she tongue-fucked my mouth, whimpering the entire time. I played with her way down deep between her ass cheeks...her kisses became urgent...savage...she sucked my lips, trying to talk, but hardly intelligible, "Dammit...make me cum, baby."

Blue's juices had collected on my tummy. FUCK, I love that...I wanted her to cum all over my body. We can both do that and its something we love about each other.

I grabbed a g-spot vibrator with a clit stimulator without her even knowing. I slid her up higher on my body...she was still devouring my mouth when I slipped it inside her...

"SUNNEEEEEEEE! FUUUUUUUUUCK YES!!"

Blue came within seconds! I could feel her burning cum flowing onto my tummy...I held her ass with one hand to keep her in place while the vibrator did it's job, driving her out of her mind, her body going crazy, cumming like hell!

Her orgasm subsided and she fell on top of me in her puddle of cum and juices, her hot breath on my neck, purring for me. 

"Ooohhh...oooohhhh...my baby...my sweet Sunny."

I stroked and caressed her back and down to her thighs to calm her quivering muscles. I pulled the covers to her shoulders, kissed her lips and smiled at her. 

"So...I'm guessing...you liked it, huh?"

She gave me a big wet kiss on my neck. "I love you so much, Sunny...FUCK, I love you."

I smiled some more. "Fuck, I love YOU, baby!"

*****

Thank-you for reading.

My love to all of you,

Sunny

Copyright 2016 Sunny Johansen

Copy or repost wherever you wish, just, kindly, link back to me.