 One day after a lengthy hiatus from the dating scene, I decided to put myself out there again. I chose a popular website to see what was out there. After completing my registration and filling out all the little tidbits of info about myself, I peeked through the profiles of possible candidates from my city. I live in a very small conservative city, so I wasn't expecting many possible candidates, since I am a dominant female. I began thinking that maybe this was a waste of my time and my battery charge on my laptop. 

After seeing a few profiles that caught my interest, I sent a few hellos and logged myself out of the site. I figured I would leave it for a couple of days just to, hopefully, generate some return messages. One evening, a few days later, I signed into my account and as I replied to the very few and far between messages, the light beeped that I had 1 new message in my inbox. My interest was instantly peeked when I saw the username. Before I delve into the text of the message, I must say that my profile had asked for my preferences. To give a condensed version of my preferences, I wanted someone sweet. Well, this woman's' username was 'Sweet'. Now I hope you can understand my sudden curiousity. I read the message and all it had to say was "how's the site working for you". I replied and said it was working out fine, had a few messages and just sifting through the profiles. The conversation continued back and forth and we exchanged phone numbers to talk via text. Her name was Cheri.

After a couple of days of small talk and getting to know each other, our conversations began leaning more toward sexual topics. One evening, as we were talking, the conversation got heated and I found myself wanting more than just sexting. I asked her if I could call, and she agreed. I heard the sexiest softest voice cumming for me on the phone. I was so turned on and overheated from her that it was easy to cum on the phone with her. I was so into this woman that I found myself wanting more and more as we went on. After a few phone calls we had to meet. It was beyond a want at this point, it was a need. I needed to have this woman, and I found myself having thoughts I hadn't had in years since Laura. We arranged to meet. 

It was an early evening and I was excited and nervous. I had primped and made my way down to meet this woman who had me captivated. I was surprised at the longing I had for her but I intended to show her what she had done to me over the course of the week or so we had been talking. 

It was at a city park and we had both thought that this park was going to be quiet since it was a Sunday. As I pulled up I was disappointed at the amount of cars in the parking lot. I wanted this woman and I didn't care where it was, but here we were in a park that was uncommonly busy. She had told me she would be in her van waiting. I spotted her instantly. I had this overwhelming need to just take her in my arms and kiss her, so that's exactly what I did. It was a kiss that was slow but also urgent. We both felt that the first kiss is a tell-tale sign of how it was to be between 2 people. And judging by our shared kiss, it was to be a hot, wet and very intense union. 

We took a short walk to a secluded place behind the baseball diamond. I hadn't had sex in a park in a long time and it's not something I make a habit of doing, but I didn't care where we were or who was watching. She lied down on the grass and I instantly moved over her. I looked into her amazing blue eyes and whispered against her lips "Now I can show you what a kiss from me is really like".

She was wearing a sleeveless shirt that tied behind her neck and a short jean skirt that allowed me easy access. I brought my lips to hers in a soft exploring way and the warm rush that ran through me took my breath away. Her lips were a dark pink from her arousal and my own arousal pressed me on further. I moved my right leg between her knees and parted them slightly. I brought my fingertips to her lips breaking our kiss. I needed to feel the softness of them, and then I looked down between us and smiled as my eyes traveled over the rise of her beautiful breasts. Her body had curves that a woman like me ate up. Her breasts were full and I ran my hand over the restricting material of her shirt. "I want this off" I told her in a soft rasp of a voice. 

She smiled and lifted up her shirt for me to touch her. "I'm all yours" she said smiling. Smiling in return I kissed her again, this time I let my tongue do the talking. I parted her lips with my tongue and teased the tip of hers. She responded and began to let her tongue play with mine. Our lips were wet and I could feel the urgency in her kiss as well as my own. I felt her hips involuntarily rise up and down, and I pushed my thigh up higher, at the same time lifting her skirt. The ground was hard but at that point we didn't care about the physically uncomfortable position we were in. 

Kissing her more deeply, pressing my lips harder on hers, I slid my right hand down feeling her bra. Reaching my hand up underneath it, I moved the cups of her bra off of her breasts. Groaning, I took a handful of hot soft skin and took my lips off hers. 

"Oh my God! So god damn hot Cheri. I want these in my mouth" I said with a growl looking down at her very hard dark nipples. 

"Oh yeah Carrie" she moaned and arched her back "I love my nipples being sucked! Mmm take them baby!" 

Her hand came down and she grabbed my head and pushed my lips down towards her breasts. Taking each one into my hands I squeezed and brought my mouth to each nipple. I took turns with each one, sucking them into my mouth and letting the fullness of them fill my mouth. I could feel the breeze cool the wetness of my pussy through my jeans. I pressed my thigh harder between her thighs and her skirt had been lifted to reveal how truly wet she was. Groaning against her breasts I released her right breast and brought my hand down between her thighs. I felt for the wetness of her bikini cut panties. Sliding my index finger over the soaked material I let my fingers slide the cloth away to get a feel of the soft, sopping wet pussy I wanted to taste. 

"Oh fuck!" she cried out. "Oh my god, yeah! Play with my pussy Carrie."

Her hips rose and my finger slid inside her. I moved it in and out very slowly. Still taking turns nibbling and teasing her nipples, I let my finger slide in a little deeper with each push of my hand. Her pussy was soaking my finger and I could feel how tight and swollen she had become. I thrust harder and added another finger to fill her wetness. She cried out and grabbed a handful of my hair "Oh fuck I want your tongue on my pussy!" 

Taking my mouth off her very wet and erect nipples, I looked up at her and smiled. Sliding my fingers ever so slowly out of her pussy, I positioned myself lower between her thighs. Pushing her skirt up further so I could take off her panties, she lifted her hips and I pulled her underwear down and off. I was on my knees and saw the wettest swollen pussy I'd seen in a long time. Bending down, I slid my hands under her ass and took a quick lick up the length of her. 

"Mm mm fuck Cheri, you taste good" I whispered against her swollen lips. 

"Tongue fuck me Carrie. I want you to tongue fuck me please!" she moaned lifting her head, watching me. I obliged and dove in. I sucked her clit into my mouth and felt the wetness of her soaked hole on my chin. I continued to suck her hard clit in and out of my mouth and decided it was time to tease her a little bit. I wanted to be asked nicely being the dominant woman that I was. 

I let go of her clit and looked up at her. Her expression said it all and I said "Do you want more?"

"Yes. Please yes! Don't stop! Lick my pussy baby please!" She pleaded. Her hips were lifting slowly up and down waiting for me to finish what I had begun. 

"Beg me to tongue fuck you Cheri" I said firmly as I slammed my index finger inside her and then taking it out. Her hips responded and thrust up to meet my hand. 

"Fuck! Oh fuck I beg you Carrie! Pleease oh please I want your tongue in my pussy!" 

Smiling I couldn't wait any longer. It had to be good enough for now because I just wanted to feel her pussy around my tongue. I wanted to feel her... now. 

I brought my mouth back down to her pussy and flicked the tip of my tongue over her clit. She twitched and I continued the assault on her clit, circling it, swirling it around my tongue. Her hips began to thrust up and down and I felt her hand on my head trying to push it harder on her pussy. I sucked her clit hard into my mouth and thrust my index and middle finger inside her. Pounding my fingers deeper I took her clit all the way into my mouth. Her pussy was so wet I heard the sloshing of each hard thrust of my fingers. 

"Oh fuck! Oh my God ya! Fuck me baby! Yeah that's it!" She cried out with no thought of who might hear her. 

I released her clit and watched her pussy as I slid my fingers out very slowly, my fingers glistening from her wetness. 

"Please... please don't stop baby!" She whispered and looked down to watch me. 

"Oh I'm not stopping Cheri. I'm just beginning" I replied with a smile. 

"Oh god yeah. I'm going to watch you fuck my pussy Carrie." She said with a pleasure filled expression. 

I parted her pussy lips with my fingertips. Licking my lips I slid the tip of my tongue inside her. She moaned and I heard her whisper something I couldn't quite understand so I kept on. I slid the tip of my tongue slowly in and out of her drenched pussy and let out a deep groan. I loved the taste of her and I wanted to feel her cum on my tongue. I didn't feel the hardness under my knees from the ground as I moved in closer. Narrowing my tongue I slid it slowly inside of her. It went in easy with her soaked hole and I thrust my tongue quickly in and slowly back out. Her hand kept trying to push my tongue in further but I didn't let her. Not yet. I wanted more of her. 

I continued slow even thrusts of my tongue inside her pussy. She squeezed her pussy with each feel of my tongue inside her. Her body started to tremble and I knew she was close to orgasm. 

"Fuck Carrie! So tight! Oh my God your tongue feels so good!" she gasped. "I'm going to cum baby! Fuck yeah I'm going to cum!"

Pulling my head up and taking my tongue out of her pussy I smiled and brought my fingertip up to circle her clit. 

"What are you doing baby! Oh fuck. Please. Oh my god you fuck my pussy so good!" she said almost in desperation. 

"Mm mm Cheri I'm going to make you soak my lips. I fucking love this" I said enjoying making her squirm. 

"Carrie fuck! Oh my God you're driving me crazy. Fuck me baby" 

I smiled as I moved my body back up, my mouth inches away from her mouth. I continued to slide my fingertip around her clit, up and down her pussy and dipping it in every now and again. I liked watching her face as my finger made its way inside her. Her eyes were half shut and her breath was in short gasps. I covered her lips with mine and kissed her hard. I wanted her to taste herself on my lips. Our tongues teased and explored each other's mouth as I continued to play with her pussy. Her hips were thrusting up and down quicker now and it was time to finish this. 

I took my mouth off of hers and before we both knew it, my mouth was back at her pussy and I was tongue fucking her. My hands were under her ass and my mouth was grinding hard against her hot swollen mound. My tongue was buried inside of her and she was crying out. 

"Oh my god yeah! Yeah! Carrie! Fuck Carrie you're making me cum!"

I felt a gush on my lips and her pussy squeezed the thickness of my tongue. Her hips bucked up and down and her hands were in my hair. I could feel her body almost thrashing about and her thighs squeezed my head. 

"Oh fuck! Fuck I'm cumming" she growled. Her voice was raspy and throaty. She banged her hips up against my mouth and I felt my chin hit her pussy with each rise of her hips. I held my tongue inside her and she soaked my mouth and chin. The sound of her soaked pussy hitting my chin drove me crazy and I wiggled my mouth as I kept my tongue inside her. 

"Fuck! Fuck oh fuck! OH oh oh fuuuck!" she gasped. 

I held tight to her thrashing hips and sucked all I could in. Her juices filled my mouth and her orgasm seemed to last forever. I licked and sucked every drop from her and I felt my own orgasm come. I moaned against her pussy and squeezed my own as I came with her. 

"Oh god Cheri" I breathed as I took my mouth slowly off of her red swollen shiny pussy lips. "Jesus. Holy fuck I loved that!" 

I heard her mumble something and I think by this time we were both pretty incoherent and oblivious to our surroundings. I rested my head on her stomach and felt her hands run through my hair as she softly moaned. 

"Wow. Oh my God Carrie."

I raised myself up and bent my head down to kiss her. She licked her lips before my lips rested on hers in a slow languorous, lust released kiss. When we felt the earth back under our feet and bodies, we started to giggle. Both of us looked around and laughed even harder at the fact that we could have been watched anytime. But I don't think we cared because we needed what happened between us. 

Smiling down at her I asked her if she wanted to continue this somewhere else. 

"Oh yes baby. Anywhere you want. I want more of you. Much more" she replied with a twinkle in her incredibly sexy eyes. 

"Let's go then" I answered helping her get herself together. 

Once we were up and ready to move on she asked "Where to?"

I winked and took her hand and we headed back to her van...