 I was a freshman in college when I met Carly. She was a senior and so much more sophisticated than me. She was every college boys dream and my dad was so nervous every time he was around her. I felt so small in her presence.

Carly had long brown curly hair, so shiny and beautiful. She had perfect breasts; perfect legs and I hated her for it. Her eyes were the color of warm honey. Her lips were naturally deep red and she never wore lipstick. She was all that I wanted to be and more.

I had mousy brown hair, dark eyes, almost black in color. I was just a bit on the chubby side but not fat. I had 36DD breasts that seemed to forever get in my way. I was 5'5" to her 5'11". She always told me my "baby fat" would go once I got into the hang of college life. So now you know how nice she was.

Carly got invited to all the frat parties and took pity on me and let me go with her. I stood back behind her no one noticing me really. I watched her laugh and joke with the guys. She was never one bit shy around guys.

One night around midterms, she looked up from studying and said "Hey Lori, lets get out of here for a while."

I was totally not getting what I was studying and said "Let's go!"

We went to the pub that was right down from our dorm. We both ordered a long island ice tea. Looked at each other and giggled. We continued to get totally drunk until closing. We left arm in arm stumbling all the way home.

Once at the dorm we snuck in quietly to not wake anyone up. Carly grinned once we were inside the dorm room. She said "Ok Lori, I have decided that you learn how to be a woman."

Laughing at her I said "Carly I am a woman!" With that I winked at her and started to undress.

She came from behind me and whispered "No Lori, your not, I desire to teach you like I was taught when I was a freshman. She helped me take my shirt off from behind lifted it over my head. She gently undid my bra. I turned toward her wide eyed but the liquor had made my inhibitions disappear. I had never really been with a man much less a woman. I was wondering what lesson she would be teaching?

She came from behind me and whispered "No Lori, your not, I want to teach you like I was taught when I was a freshman. She helped me take my shirt off from behind lifted it over my head. She gently undid my bra. I turned toward her wide eyed but the liquor had made my inhibitions disappear. I had never really been with a man much less a woman. I was wondering what lesson she would be teaching.

She didn't say one more word. She unbuttoned my jeans and leaned in to kiss me. That kiss was so soft that I immediately returned it. Just a softly as she did, when she slowly licked my lips I did the same to hers, amazed at how sweet they tasted. Getting bolder I slipped my tongue in her mouth, she gently sucked it. I felt myself get damp, shocked that this was turning me on so much.

She took my hand and led me to the bed. Slipping my jeans and panties off with one movement, I was laying there totally naked in front of her. She slowly undressed in front of me eyes never leaving each other. Her body was so perfect, breasts with upturned nipples standing hard. She lay down beside me. Coming out of my drunken stupor I realized I really liked this. I wanted to touch her. I touched the side of her face gently, trailing my fingers down her chin, past her neck to her chest. Her nipples were like pebbles so I gently touched one and she moaned. I drew my hand back. She took my hand in hers and placed it on her breast while she in turn touched mine. I loved the softness of it. Her nipple was jutting out begging to be sucked. She had my nipple between her fingers tweaking it softly. I loved the way she was making me feel.

Carly leaned over me and started sucking my nipples into her mouth, first one then the other. Slowly she started kissing down my body. She licked every where she kissed very erotically. I found myself arching into her kisses trying to urge her down. So surprised by the feelings she was arousing in my body. She kissed my pubic mound. I shave there so I felt her kiss on my bare skin. It nearly drove me wild. She told me to spread my legs. I did as told and she got between them and gently started licking. I was so excited. I could feel her tongue darting in and out of me as her finger gently stroked my clit. She was taking long strokes with her tongue and darting it ever once in awhile to my anal hole. This was more than I could take. I came for the first time in my life. She continued sucking on my clit drinking my juice.

She raised herself up to me and kissed me. I tasted myself on her lips. That just made me want to taste her. She got up on all fours and spread her legs. I got behind her and stuck one finger in her tight luscious hole. I pulled it out and tasted it. Her juices tasted like sugar. I got between her legs and timidly licked. I heard her moaning loudly so I knew she was enjoying it. I took her clit in my mouth sucking and nibbling it. I was getting excited and very turned on again by the sounds she was making. While I was licking her and fucking her with my tongue, I trailed my fingers to my own pussy. I masturbated sticking one then two fingers in at a time. I could feel her tensing up knowing she was about to cum, I increased the rhythm of my tongue and my fingers. When she screamed that she was cumming that set me off to another mind blowing orgasm. I tasted her flowing into my mouth and continued to suck until she was totally dry. We both passed out after that and at one point I felt her get out of my bed and get into hers.

I lay there reveling in the afterglow, thinking of how I let this happen. I didn't feel one bit dirty, instead I felt liberated. The next day I started going to the gym. By the time I was a senior I had the body I always wanted and a freshman roommate.