 I woke up slowly, my head throbbing. The windows were wide open and the sun, damn thing, was shining right in my face. Whimpering, I covered my head with a pillow. I had the hangover from hell.

'Ugh, that's what you get when you drink yourself into oblivion,' my inner voice told me with disgust. 

I could barely remember last night. I knew it started off well, because I hadn't been drinking then. I recalled Mischa helping me get ready, loaning me a very sexy dress, then sending me on my way. Brett was definitely appreciative of my appearance, but something held me back the entire night, so I drank to take my mind off of it.

I turned over to face the wall. I didn't want to admit it, not even to myself. But even my dreams wouldn't let me forget how good it felt to have Mischa in between my legs. 

It started off innocently; I truly didn't have an ulterior plan when asking Mischa to help shave me. She was the sister I never had, and I felt very close to her, enough to ask for her help with grooming. But damn! I was so turned on yesterday when she was shaving me it took all my willpower not to pull her closer or touch myself. And then, last night, I had the wildest dream where she went down on me! And I liked it!!

I could feel my face burning. I couldn't let her know how I felt. Hoping to avoid any awkward moments, I eased myself out of bed and hobbled into the bathroom. On the way, I snuck a glance at her bed. Empty. Good. Maybe I could pull myself together before she got back.

Keeping the light off, I began my morning ritual, and had myself half convinced I did not have the hots for my roommate when the door opened.

"Daph? You up?" Crap! Just hearing her voice made me wet. I need to work on my convictions. 

"In the bathroom," I replied, wiping my face and reaching for my face cream.

"You decent?" I began to fumble with the little pot, and dropped it when the door opened. What the hell was wrong with me? As I straightened up, cream in hand, I glanced bleary-eyed at my roommate, who grinned at me. "Nope. Not decent."

I looked down. No, I most certainly wasn't decent. Apparently, I took off the dress last night and crawled right into bed without putting something else on. While I didn't mind nudity, to my horror, my nipples were nice and hard and saying hello to Mischa. Luckily, she saved me more embarrassment.

"You must have had a great time last night." Did I? I had no idea, everything was fuzzy.

"Yeah, I guess I did." Mischa came into the bathroom, and fussed with her hair. She was a gorgeous girl, regardless of what she put on, and today was no different. I took her in for the first time and noticed the workout gear.

"What, did you hit the gym at dawn?" I asked, smiling. She just laughed.

"Babe, it's after one. Tell you what, let's shower, then we'll go grab a burger at Island's. My treat." Island's was our hangover cure, and I loved her for suggesting it. 

"Sounds fabulous. You wanna jump in first, or shall I?"

"It'll be faster if we go at the same time. I'm starved." With that, she turned towards the tub and began stripping her clothes off. Oh, crap, was I in trouble.

It's not like we hadn't showered together before, so that wasn't my issue. Like I said, I'm not shy about my body or anything, but after spending last night replaying our shaving session over and over in my head, then now being able to look at that naked body of hers, I wasn't entirely sure I wasn't going to cum in the shower.

I tried looking away as she undressed, but to no avail. In no time at all, she had her workout top off and her stunning breasts were right there in front of me. I wanted to lick them so bad that I didn't know what to do. I did turn away then. No way was I going to be able to shower with her, absolutely no way.

"C'mon, Daphne, I'm hungry," Mischa whined as she stepped into the shower. As I slowly followed her, I noticed she already had the water on, and was rinsing out her hair. As I got in and grabbed the shampoo, Mischa looked at me intently. "You feeling okay?"

"Oh, you know, just a little achy." A little achy? I was deluding myself. I was a LOT achy, and in one particular area. All the other hangover symptoms had mysteriously vanished.

"Poor baby. Here, let me." Moving quickly, she scooped the shampoo out of my hand and began to rub it through my hair. Omigod, heaven. What girl doesn't like having her hair played with, and the view I had was awesome. Mischa had moved in close to me, her breasts so close to mine; I was fixated. My body, already on alert when she came into the bathroom, immediately overheated. My nipples were so hard they were painful, and thank god the water was running over our bodies, because my pussy was so wet it must have been dripping down my inner thighs. At least it wouldn't be noticeable.

"Feel good?" Mischa whispered, and I nodded closing my eyes as she took the removable showerhead and rinsed my hair. "You know what the best cure for a hangover is, don't you?"

"Another beer?" I murmured, resting my back against the tiles as she spread conditioner over my head and massaged my scalp. 

"Nope."

"What's the best cure, then?"

"Let me show you." And with that, I felt her mouth close over my mouth, her body pressing against mine, and her hands holding my head still as she kissed the hell out of me. My eyes flew open. This could not be happening...could it?

Mischa pulled back only slightly, her eyes searching mine. I needed no further encouragement and gripped her hips tightly, leaning forward to kiss her again. 

Mischa was more experienced than I, but god, was I horny for her, so I had enthusiasm on my side. I enjoyed feeling her tongue move between my lips, sliding against mine. 

Her hands kept busy, too, picking up the soap and running it over my body. Over my hips, down between my legs, over my mound. I took the bar out of her hand and began to rub it over those breasts before letting it fall, my fingers pinching and pulling on her nipples. It wasn't long before she pulled back a little, rinsed us both off, and turned off the water. 

Grabbing my hand, she guided me out of the tub and positioned me on the floor mat. With a smile, she took her fluffy towel and began patting me dry. She started at the top, catching the water from my hair. 

"Bend over," she whispered, and I complied, unable to keep a grin off my face. I couldn't believe this was happening! Leaning forward, my hands gripped the toilet seat as Mischa toweled my hair dry, using smooth motions from the back of my neck to the crown of my head. I found that so sensual I started trembling, feeling my pussy ache deep inside.

"My god, you are so sexy," Mischa murmured, as she ran the towel down my back, over my ass, stopping there. She flattened her hand and wiggled it into my crack. I gasped as I felt that terry cloth brush my asshole and straightened quickly, more from surprise than wanting her to stop. Mischa grinned at me, but didn't pause. "Just want to make sure my roomie is nice and dry."

I giggled, reaching for a towel to return the pleasure, but Mischa stopped me.

"You're not done yet," she chided, playfully pushing me down onto the toilet seat. "Sit back and relax for a minute."

"But I'm not going to get a chance to dry you off," I whimpered as I did what she asked, leaning back to rest against the back of the toilet. Her hands came up and dried my face and neck, the towel gently moving over my skin down to my breasts. There, she teased my nipples, first roughly dragging the material across my hardened tips, then making light passes over them. 

Holy crap! My body was on fire just from this stimulation, so I wasn't sure I would last long. I had thought about Mischa touching me all last night while out with Brett and now...now, I was getting my wish! 

Though unsure that I wouldn't implode at any moment, I couldn't resist or stop. I arched my back into her touch and moaned as her head dipped towards me, her tongue darting out to flick over my nipples. Back and forth, from one to the other, till her mouth closed over one tip completely.

I watched, mesmerized, as her cheeks depressed inward as she sucked hard. Her lips, full and pink, let go to lavish the same attention on my other breast. My body was so hot, my pussy so slick just watching her. Little tendrils of her wet hair clung to my skin, deep black against a golden tan, slowly sliding across my chest and belly as Mischa knelt in front of me, spreading my legs wide, and wiping them dry before tossing the towel to the side.

"Don't worry, Daph, I'm going to be wet for quite some time!" 

"Oh, God," was all I managed before her tongue dipped into my belly button, licking at the moisture captured there. Her eyes met mine as she ran the tip of her tongue around the edge of my belly button before pushing it in again. Over and over she repeated the movement and my mind went exactly where she wanted it to go – to thoughts of her doing the same on a lower hole, or wow, any hole!

Her hands caressed my waist before moving under my butt. They tugged me forward, then ran up the back of my thighs as she parted my legs, holding me open. I shifted so my head rested against the back of the toilet, propping one foot on the tub and the other against the doorjamb as Mischa kissed my pussy for the first time. 

I was on fire. Never before had I felt this hot, this anxious. She was teasing me and she knew it, but worse she knew that I knew. But no way was I going to say anything, for fear she may just stop. The idea was too horrible, so I was willing to do whatever she wanted me to do. Anything so I could touch her and taste her.

She held me open and still as her lips pressed against my skin, skin she had just shaved last night. I could feel her breath against my folds before she slid her tongue inside me, as deep as it would go. Mischa looked up at me again, then brushed the tip of her nose against my clit and I moaned, lifting my hips up towards her sweet mouth.

Something changed then, for the both of us, because Mischa pressed her thumb against my throbbing clit, rubbing it quickly as her tongue darted in and out of my hole, across my wet lips, her movements quick and almost needy. Like she desperately needed me to cum all over her face. I began to squirm at the idea, my hands stroking any part of her I could reach, my breath coming rapidly.

"Mish, I have a confession," I half-whispered, half-moaned. "I've wanted this for so long." Mischa met my gaze and pulled herself away from me.

"I have a confession, too, Daphne. I've wanted this, too, and last night, while you were sleeping, I tasted you." My mouth fell open in surprise, but instead of anger or betrayal, I felt a thrill run through me.

"No wonder I had such good dreams!" Mischa blushed, and I could see the relief plain in her eyes, but the throbbing in my pussy demanded my attention. I pulled her up and rose, kissing her again, tasting myself on her lips. Without breaking apart, we stumbled into the main room. 

Mischa playfully shoved me onto her bed, then climbed on top of me, her body brushing against mine. I moaned at the touch, but managed to smile as I flipped our positions.

"It's my turn," I whispered, my hands running along her ribcage, my mouth hovering over her breasts. Grinning, I watched her face as I ran just my lips over and over her nipples. Feeling those hard little nubs, the ones I dreamt about, made me so hot.

Mischa shifted so one of her legs was between mine, and as she ran her hands up and down my back, into my hair, she rubbed her thigh against my pussy. 

"Daphne, you are positively dripping. I can feel you all over me," she murmured as I flattened my tongue and stroked it all over one breast. I giggled and pressed my hips back against her leg, rotating my hips.

"You made me that way," I replied, my head dipping to suck on her nipple. "I thought about you shaving me and eating me all last night. I couldn't look at Brett, I only wanted this." 

I slithered down her body till I rested in between her legs. She was completely bare and her skin was so soft. I shifted so my mouth was closer to the V of her legs and lapped at her clit. Slowly, I slid my tongue in between her lips, moaning as I tasted her. She wasn't wet just from the shower any longer.

My hands lifted up to grip her inner thighs, my thumbs spreading her lips open. I tongued and flicked her clit, one finger sliding up into her depths, easing in and out of her hurriedly. Her hips began to move, shifting towards my mouth, one hand holding my head close to her body as I ate her.

"God, Daphne, right there. Suck on my clit," she cried. I kept it up for only a minute longer, smiling as I felt her tremble, knowing I was affecting her the same way she affected me. To torment her, I pulled away from her pussy all together and lapped up my juices from her thigh.

Mischa froze a little and whimpered as I bit down on her skin lightly, her back arching up a little.

"I can't take it anymore! Turn around so I can taste you," Mischa panted. I smiled as I crawled into place, my hips above her head, my tongue back in her sweet hole. 

I knew how she felt as she grabbed my ass and pulled me down to her mouth. I was so close, too, and this being the first time I had ever been with a girl only made me that much wetter. 

The both of us began licking and sucking and nibbling at a frantic pace. I felt my orgasm build, each lick and move I made being reciprocated thoroughly by Mischa. Her thighs closed tightly around my head, and I felt my hips press down against an eager tongue.

"I'm so close, Daphne," she cried out, "Cum with me!" 

Like I could stop it. Her voice, her body, her taste and smell and touch all worked to bring the best orgasm I've ever had crashing through me. I couldn't tell my moans from hers or whose body was rocking the bed, only that pure pleasure was coursing through me and I was hard pressed to recall a more erotic time than that one moment.

After a minute or two, I managed to rise and lie at her side. She lifted a hand to stroke my cheek as she smiled at me.

"Feeling better? Ready for some food?" 

I opened my mouth to say that I just wanted to go back to bed, but realized I had no hangover and a surprising surge of energy.

"Yeah, I am." I reached over and cupped her breast, rolling the nipple between my fingers. "I suppose we need another shower, though."

Mischa rolled off the bed, threw a thin tank top and short shorts at me, then grinned as she dressed similarly. Pulling her hair up, she shook her head.

"No, we don't. I like knowing my juices are drying on your face. Besides, I intend to get you back into bed the minute we return!"

I could already feel my body reacting...