 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

Two of my friends were getting married. For the purposes of this story, let's call them Lexxi and Nikki. As their names indicate, they were lesbians. And that meant two bridesmaids, two bachelorette parties and two strippers.

Luckily, I was not a close enough friend to be a bridesmaid. I say luckily, because I think marriage is a total and utter waste of time and money and being part of one would make me a hypocrite. But that did not mean I refused when I was asked to find the strippers for the bachelorette parties. Unfortunately, I had never been to a strip club and had absolutely no idea how to go about hiring a stripper. Fortunately, you can now find anything you desire with a few clicks of a button. Thank god for the internet.

I quickly came across a website that specialized in bachelorette parties. Each stripper had her own profile with pictures and a list of special skills. There were almost a hundred women to choose from and all of them were beautiful. Unfortunately, I had to pick just two. Fortunately, Lexxi's parents were quite wealthy and the stripper budget was unlimited.

I may not believe in marriage, but I had been given a job and I was going to do everything in my power to provide the best entertainment possible. That meant holding auditions. So I picked the five hottest strippers on the site and set up a private audition session. Though unusual, the strippers did not seem to mind, because they were being paid their usual fee for a five minute performance. As for me, I would just have to endure watching those five beautiful young women dancing seductively before me. Ah, the things we do in the name of friendship, lol.

The first three strippers were breathtaking and their skills were legendary. My arousal level rose gradually throughout their performances and, more than once, I felt a fantasy growing within me. But I had no choice but to keep them contained. My job was to pick two strippers and fantasizing would make such a task impossible. So I grit my teeth and bore through all their teasing. Unfortunately, my arousal eventually got the better of me.

It was not until the fourth exotic dancer entered that I felt my arousal level skyrocket. Her stripper name was Candy Cane and her profile picture had depicted her as a beautiful young woman. But now that she stood before me, I realized that was not the case. She was more than beautiful, she was the hottest woman I had ever seen. She wore a cop uniform with handcuffs and all. But as hot as she looked in it, I could not wait for her to remove it. Fortunately, that was exactly what she did next.

The music had barely started playing when she ripped her top off, revealing her flawless boobs. The mere sight of her breasts was enough to convince me of a few things. One: This was the stripper I would hire. For both bachelorette parties. However, that did not mean I would not let the fifth stripper strut her stuff. Two: There was no way in hell I could resist the powerful fantasy that now grew within me. All I could wish for was that I could keep it contained long enough to avoid missing even a second of her enticing dance.

Somehow, I held out longer than I had initially thought. But when Candy came in for a lap dance I felt the fantasy grab hold of me. Reality faded a split second after she had begun grinding her half-naked body against mine.

The transition between reality and fantasy was so smooth that I almost did not notice it. But when it finally dawned upon me that I could now do whatever I pleased without fear of repercussions, I stopped fighting.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as I pulled Candy in for a long, passionate kiss. I forced my tongue past her lips and started exploring her mouth. I did not know how long I had before she rejected me and I was going to enjoy every seconds of it. But as the kiss lingered on, Candy started to relax.

"Mmm?!" I moaned in a mixture of surprise and joy as I felt her tongue come to life. Within seconds, we were passionately making out, our tongues dancing furiously in each other's mouths.

The make out session lasted well over a minute, but it felt like mere seconds. As soon as she had pulled away from me, she got to her feet and stripped. Seeing how the only piece of clothing she had left were her panties, it was not long before she stood before me, fully naked. I barely managed to keep my jaw from dropping open at the sight of her flawless figure. 

"You're so fucking hot!" I could not resist complementing.

She smiled shyly.

"Thanks," was her answer. But that was the last thing she said before striding over to me and literally tearing my clothes off. I barely had time to figure out what was happening that her tongue made contact with one of my nipples.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as I felt her tongue flick back and forth. Lustful moans filled the air as she teased my nipples. By the time she was done with them, they were hard as rock and I was seriously considering asking her to bypass all other teasing. But I never had to, because that was exactly what she did next.

"Fuck!" I moaned as her tongue made contact with my engorged labia. The feel of her tongue on my lower lips sent my body into sexual overdrive and I lost all ability to speak. All I could do was moan lustfully as she propelled her tongue into my soaking-wet pussy.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned as she began thrusting her tongue in and out of me. She may have been a stripper, that did not mean she could not have made a fortune as a hooker. But I forgot all about that when I felt her tongue leave my cunt.

"What the..." I started as I peered down at her. She ignored me and grabbed my waist. I was pulled forward into my chair, forcing my body to slump down and forcing my legs to spread even wider. As a result, my asshole was revealed. But it was not until she buried her face in my crotch and used her tongue to stimulate my anus that I figured out what she was up to.

"...fuck!" I finished when her tongue slithered into my body. She did not waste a single second before propelling it in and out of my asshole. But as great as that felt, I wanted more. Luckily, Candy's plan was only beginning.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned when I felt something slither into my pussy. I glanced down and saw two of her fingers darting in and out of my twat as her tongue did the same in my ass. By then, so much arousal coursed through my veins that only a few more seconds were required for me to climax.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I moaned at the top of my lungs as my body began convulsing. Moments later, it happened. I started to squirt. Powerful moans flowed past my lips as I sprayed my hot orgasmilk all over my young lover. Unfortunately, my orgasm only lasted a few seconds.

I was snapped back to reality when Candy's lap dance came to an end. Glancing around, I realized I was still fully clothed and my fantasy lover's tongue was no longer buried in my ass. That could only mean one thing. The fantasy was over. Fortunately, I was not given time to be disappointed.

"So?" asked Candy as she grabbed her clothes and started getting dressed. "How was it?"

I smiled up at her and said two simple words. "You're hired!"

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez