 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

With Lexxi's bachelorette party behind us, it was now time for Nikki's. Aside from the bride being different, the two parties were surprisingly similar. The same lame stories were told and most of the gag gifts received by Nikki were the same. Whoever had given Lexxi the large, bright-pink strapon had also given one to Nikki. To this day I still have no idea who it was, but one thing was certain; she was my kind of girl.

It was not until the stripper arrived that things finally started getting interesting. I had only just escorted Candy Cane into the living room when I realized something. Nikki was drunk. And I don't mean a little tipsy. I mean forget-everything-that-happened drunk. Fortunately, the wild party animal that Nikki had become momentarily remained caged as Candy began her performance. Unfortunately, it was set loose as soon as the lap dance began.

Nikki started by fondling the stripper's now bare breasts, but Candy was accustomed to dealing with handsy clients and let it slide. However, the lap dance came to an abrupt end when Nikki tried to kiss her. While everyone gasped in shock or giggled in amusement, I snapped into action.

I jumped to my feet and kept Nikki from embarrassing herself further. Unfortunately, she was determined to kiss someone. And now that Candy was out of range, I became her primary target.

"Mmm?!" I moaned in surprise as I felt her lips make contact with mine. For a split second, I considered letting her slide her tongue into my mouth, but this was no fantasy. It was real life and all of our friends were gathered around us. But that did not keep a shiver of arousal from running down my spine. Unfortunately, that one shiver was enough to ignite the fires of passion within me.

"Oh no!" I mentally gasped as I realized what was happening. A powerful fantasy was growing within me and it was only a matter of seconds before it took over.

"Mmmmm!" I moaned, a split second after the fantasy began. I immediately gave in to the arousal that coursed through my veins and pulled Nikki in for a long, passionate kiss.

Our tongues danced around in each other's mouths, performing a ferocious waltz of perverse love. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but this was a fantasy and I would enjoy every second of it.

When our lips finally parted, I glanced around, only to discover everyone staring at us with shock-filled eyes. We stayed that way for a while before Nikki broke the silence.

"What?" she asked innocently. "It's my last day as a free woman. I'm entitled to have a little fun." Turning to me, she added, "And you're definitely fun."

I blushed in a mixture of embarrassment and pride. But the feeling was soon replaced by arousal when she pulled me in for another passionate kiss. When it finally ended, our friends no longer looked shocked. In fact, they seemed to have gotten accustomed to the concept of watching us have sex and a few of them even had smiles of anticipation. Even Candy had taken a seat and was getting ready to enjoy the show.

Since my fantasy lover was drunk, I took control of the situation. Plus, I liked being the dominant one. At least in my fantasies. 

"Strip!" I ordered in a firm, yet lust-filled voice.

Nikki eagerly obeyed, but her inebriated state lengthened the process considerably. Taking advantage of this, I glanced around the room and soon located the item of my desire. The large, bright-pink strapon Nikki had only just received. Grabbing it, I quickly got undressed and strapped it on. By then, Nikki had wrestled her clothes off and now stood fully naked before me.

"Suck it!" I ordered.

Moments later, Nikki was kneeling before me. Her head tilted forward and her lips parted. The movement was slow, but confident. But it was not until the tip of the toy vanished into her mouth that her intense arousal was revealed.

"Mmmmm!" she moaned as she started sucking my "cock". Unlike Lexxi, Nikki was ferociously bobbing her head back and forth, forcing the spear deeper and deeper into her mouth. Before long, she was deep throating it, forcing every last inch of the sex toy in and out of her mouth and throat.

As much as I loved the enticing sight, it quickly became too much for me to handle. I considered voicing my desires, but instead opted for a hands on approach. Reaching down, I yanked her head away from the toy.

"What..." she began.

"...the..." she continued as I grabbed her hair in a firm, yet pain-free manner and guided her to the coffee table. Moments later, she was bend over it with me kneeling behind her, the tip of the strapon pressed up against her engorged labia.

"...fuck!" she finally finished. And that was exactly what I did. With a wide smile, I jerked forward, forcing the strapon deep into her soaking-wet pussy. Unfortunately, that was all I had time to do.

"Stop!" she ordered in such a commanding tone that I froze mid-thrust.

"What's wrong?" I inquired. Had I done something wrong? Was she having doubts? Luckily, neither of those were the cause for her odd request.

"I want you," she said as she peered back over her shoulder, "to fuck my ass!"

This brought the widest smile of the evening to my lips. I considered asking if she was certain, but the fierce determination I read on her face made it clear it was not up for debate. Not that I would consider debating such an enticing request.

"Yes mam!" was my reply as I pulled out of her cunt and transferred the toy to her ass. One quick jerk was all that was needed to send the spear flying up her rectum.

"Fuck!" she moaned blissfully. Encouraged by this, our audience cheered, convincing me to get to work.

Moments later, I am pounding the shit out of her. The strain of propelling the toy in and out of her ass with such force and speed was so exhausting that I started grunting. But that did not mean I was going to stop. I would pound her to climax, even if it meant I would die of exhaustion. But before that happened, I had a little time on my hands and I took full advantage of it.

"Do you like it?" I grunted between two thrusts.

"Yes!" she cried out.

"Then take it, you little slut!" I roared. "Take it all!" and with that, I performed the most powerful thrust to date. I watched in a mixture of awe and pride as Nikki's ass swallowed up every last inch of the large toy. And that was what it continued to do throughout the remainder of the Sapphic pounding.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" eventually shrieked Nikki as her body began to convulse. I tightened my grip on her waist and continued pounding her as she climaxed. I soon felt my thighs grow wet from her orgasmilk, but still I pounded on.

Her moans echoed throughout the living room for a few more seconds before I was snapped back to reality. The return to reality was rather abrupt. One quick glance at my surroundings told me one of my friends had bumped into me on her way to helping Nikki. She was still drunk and attempting to kiss whoever got close. Come to think of it, it was a veritable miracle she had not forced her tongue past my lips during my fantasy. Not that I would have noticed had she done so.

We eventually managed to calm her down and once she had promised to behave, the party continued. Candy resumed her alluring performance, but made sure to keep her distance from Nikki.

As hot as Candy was, all I could think about was how it would have felt to actually kiss Nikki. Unfortunately, she was getting married and I would never know. But that did not mean I could not fantasize about it.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez