 It was a very hot evening in May. I was alone, doing household chores leisurely at home expecting the arrival of my hubby. We had plans to go for shopping and a late night dinner in a cozy restaurant. I had almost finished everything and proceeded to the bathroom for a refreshing bath. Had a nice bath and dabbed perfume to entice my hubby, expecting to have a quickie before going out(he usually falls into the trap).I pulled out a transparent nightgown and changed into it. I was humming a popular song when I heard the doorbell. When I peeped through the peephole, I saw my neighbour's daughter, a 19-year-old, college student, standing there with some books. I opened the door to let her in. The girl, a very friendly one at that, used to address me 'sister' (may be, because of the age difference) and my hubby as 'uncle'. A pretty, buxom girl, with sharp features and curves, in fact. She used to come to my house quite frequently in some context or other. She used to taste the dishes, especially the South Indian, and compliment me; in exchange, she brought, many times, the delicious items prepared by her mom. She used to compliment me on my appearance and had told my hubby that he is very lucky to have me as his wife. Expecting some sort of such an encounter with her, I let her in and asked what she wanted.

Entering in, immediately she let out a hissing sound and inhaled heavily the perfume lingering in the air and said with a wink, "Wow! Sister -- You look so gorgeous in this nightgown. Is Uncle in? Have I disturbed you both? If I had, I'm sorry and I'll come after some time." 

Hearing this, I blushed and held her hands and pinched her cheeks and said, "You naughty girl, your uncle is not yet home. We have planned to go out shopping and for dinner. I am dressing up for the event." 

She looked a bit disappointed. She told me that she knew that I would be available for the evening and as she had to prepare for her examination and needed my help in that context, she wanted to sneak in for a while but as we are supposed to go out, she was about to return to her home. I apologised to her about my non-availability and asked her if she would like to have some coffee as I planned to have a cup then, she said she would join me for a cup of nice hot coffee. She added that even the coffee that I prepared tasted something extraordinary I went to the kitchen to make coffee, more than that to hide my embarrassment because of her praise she followed to me to the kitchen without stopping even for a while praising me about my looks, my walking style, the way my hips sway when I walk, the firmness of my butts, etc taking the cups of coffee, we proceeded to the living room and sat down on the couch. 

She was wearing a short skirt and a loose tops which revealed that she was not wearing anything underneath her low cut tops. Her tits were well formed and the nipples, sharp and thick, are quite visible through her tops. Sipping the coffee, I asked her if the lessons to be completed can wait till the next morning, so that I could help her the next day. She told me that the exams are around the corner and she had already prepared well for it; only a few topics that are somewhat difficult needed my assistance. 

When I was about to give her a reply, the telephone rang. I knew it was from my hubby. I picked up the receiver and I immediately blushed because it was from my hubby. He immediately kissed me over the telephone and first apologised for not keeping up the appointment and told me that as he had to meet a client from abroad who had just turned in and because of the meeting which may extend for about more than three hours, he said that we could go for shopping the next evening. He suggested me that I need not wait for him for dinner. I sounded too disappointed but told him that's alright with me and returned the kiss and replaced the receiver on the cradle.

When I returned to the couch, the girl (her name is Vinoo) seemed to be very happy. She told that she happened to overhear the conversation (only the replies given by me) and since the appointment has been cancelled, she asked me whether it would be possible for me to help her out. I told her since my hubby is expected around 11.00 p.m. it will not be a problem for me and I gave a positive response. I invited her to have the dinner with me. 

She went out to tell her mom that she would be with me for a while preparing for her exams and she would have dinner at my place. By the time she came back within fifteen minutes, I had made some sandwiches and kept in the freeze the milkshake for dessert. 

She came in and sat by the table. When I left the couch to reach the wardrobe to change into a jeans and a t-shirt, she asked me to remain the nightgown and said with an evil grin that she wanted to see me in that attire. She told me that I need not feel embarrassed and again told in a husky tone that my hubby is quite lucky to feast on such an angel. I told to stop the crap and went to the table to assist her in her lessons. She moved by my side and scooped down to point out the lessons in which she had some trouble. 

Lo! When she stooped down, I got a clear view of her bouncing tits with the pointed nips and the titillating cleavage. The valley and the mountains did excite me and an urge to touch it started erupting and my heartbeat and pulse rate went rapid. Because of such nervousness, I dropped her book and pen on the floor. She saw me and tried to retrieve the book. In order to hide my feelings, I bent down to floor to pick up the book and the pen I got a nice view of her nice legs and well shaped thighs and to my shock, she wore no panties, and her bushy pussy was clearly visible. I was lost in some deep dense forest. 

She was telling something about her lesson which I could not grasp my mind was somewhere else. The previous encounter, my only lesbian encounter that I had in Bangalore few months ago, flashed in my memory and I wanted to experience it again with this girl. But, I was a bit apprehensive being my neighbour, it may even spoil my reputation if she felt offended. 

Vinoo shook me by my shoulders and asked me where I was. She told me that she could smell something wrong with me and asked me what the matter was. I hid all my feelings and told her nothing but my hands were shaking and I was a bit nervous. Vinoo somehow discovered my nervousness and the palpitation. She indeed told me that she had discovered my state of nervousness and asked me to just relax. She held my hands for a while, coming too close to me. I felt her tits brush against my cheeks and could not control myself. 

I closed my eyes and bit my lips to gain some inner strength to clear all the thought but, to my utter surprise, she started caressing my cheeks and neck tracing her fingers to my lips when I started to stop any further advances from her side, she told me that she had been waiting for such a nice opportunity for quite long and only then she had been showered by the Almighty a blessing so that she could gain an access with my inner self went on blabbering sweet nothings about my physical specialties. I lost my self-control and extended my hands to her to hold; she came very close and gently pecked a kiss on my cheeks and traced her tender fingers on my sweet lips. I did not resist much and I was also in a fire of passion. I responded to her gentle kiss on my lips and returned the kiss. She thanked me for being so responsive and hugged me close to her. 

The clock chimed the time was 8.00 p.m. She held me too close and was hugging me with more strength. Her hands were moving freely behind my back tracing their way from the nape to the hips travelling all over my back. she whispered in my ears to be nice to her and love her long pending dreams to come true. I was becoming bolder. I too, having become so hot and horny, started caressing her cheeks and shoulders... my hands started roaming here and there all over her body feeling the curves and mounds Vinoo told me that she had been waiting all along to have such an 'encounter' with me, from the day 1 she met me only that day her wish was fulfilled we started passionately kissing each other on the lips, cheeks, neck, bosom....

Vinoo suggested that we should get rid of our clothes and we did. I did not gather enough courage at first but after shedding her clothes, she came forward to remove the nightie from my person we both were stark naked eyes feasting on other's body Generally, when I and my hubby have sex, invariably, I would be the aggressive one and my hubby used to relax a lot being a passive lover. But, with Vinoo, I let her to be the active one and I remained very much passive. She laid me on the bed and let her tongue travel from my neck to my bosom leaving a trail of saliva. I wanted her to kiss me and to taste her sweet mouth... I pulled her above me and kissed her vigorously on her mouth, pushing my tongue deep in her mouth, licking and biting her lips savouring her sweet lips she pushed her tongue into mine, entangling and kissed me hard on my mouth. I somehow gathered enough courage and let my hands freely wander all over her body, sliding down her back to clutch her butts feeling the soft, warm fleshy mounds, caressing her thighs, all the while kissing and licking her lips and whole face while Vinoo was caressing my fleshy breasts and pinching my pointed nips. Our hips ground against each other trying to smash the other and occasionally, the clits came into contact, making the pussies wet and slippery. I pushed her down and straddled her, started kissing her breasts took one nipple at a time, started munching and biting her hands now groped between my thighs and rested on my pussy caressing my clean strip(I and my hubby always liked it that way) rolling my clit between two fingers and sending electric sparks fly all over my body. 

I start hissing, moaning and making all sounds unable to control any further, I take a full turn, licking all over the body from neck, to breasts, stomach, wetting the navel pit with my tongue, leaving a trail of saliva, to her snatch while my pussy is just right above her mouth. Vinoo pulled me down to her mouth, grinding my hips on her face, while I let my tongue slip over the length of her cunt, up to her bunghole Her pussylips are vibrating her hole became so wet, the fluids just started flowing. Both the heads were bobbing up and down on their respective feasts, feasting on the overflowing fluids, occasionally stopping to catch breath and to let out ecstatic moans all the while the hands caressing each other's limbs, butts, what not I was in a frenzy of lust and passion cumming in gushes sending out streams of sweet creamy cum. Vinoo's face was covered with my sweet cum. Vinoo too came in like a well flowing river giving me more than what I wanted to drink We laid side by side having exhausted from the fun we had I could not see her face.. I felt so shy and weak to face her. But, she was so jubilant and slowly winked at me, letting out a satisfying smile. I too smiled, albeit so weakly, at her. 

She asked me about the experience and whether I liked it. I told her that I did. She asked my permission to let her use the loo. I too wanted to urinate. She invited me to the loo for some watersports which I readily accepted, we went to the bathroom, urinated on each other with gusto, playing with amber liquid on our bodies, had a little fun there. We then washed ourselves with soap and freshened with dabbing some perfume.

Hugging tightly and holding each other, we moved in to the bedroom once again for some more play which I initiated. Her tongue in my cunt was not enough for me. I went to the fridge and removed a fresh, green, long cucumber (it was almost one foot long and 4-5" inches thick..) washed and wiped it clean brought it to her and told her that we would fuck each other with the help of the cucumber and we did inserting one end into her, the other end was in my snatch, deep enough our clits came into contact we started humping and pumping all the while brushing our tits and lips kissing on the lips, caressing the nips, butts, fingering the navel, massaging the firm butts, inserting one finger in the bunghole, fingerfucking the ass, exploring all sorts of fantasies and we CAME again violently We slowly got up and had our dinner (of course, without dressing up ourselves) had the milk shake for our dessert, kissed the other's lips having some milkshake in the mouth, transferring the contents to the other and played with the tits I told Vinoo that it's high time to get dressed and get ready to receive my hubby as the time was nearing 10.30 p.m. I went to the living room to retrieve my nightie and she followed suit.

She just started wearing her skirt and t-shirt when I heard the screeching of the main gate when I peeped out of the window lifting the screen, I was shocked to see my hubby entering in the portico I was scared. I motioned Vinoo to an utter silence...and directed her to the table. 

Vinoo rightly got the message and went to the table and she did something which I never expected I waited for a few seconds to hear the doorbell ring. I deliberately delayed to open the door (if I am asleep, naturally, the delay is justified) and went to the door as if I was walking in sleep. I opened the door to let my hubby in. Immediately on entering the room, he hugged me, kissed me softly on my lips, and told that he was so sorry for canceling the appointment and promised that he would make up the lapse the next day. He continued to tell something and he noticed Vinoo, sleeping on the table on her book kept wide open. He raised his brows and turned towards me. I replied him, "Oh, poor girl her exams are around the corner and she requested me to assist her in her lessons. I helped her to solve some of her problems and she arrived at excellent solutions for very difficult problems. I let her continue with her studies and I had my dinner. I was reading some book and gradually fell asleep... Okay, darling, let me wake her up and send her home." 

My hubby told me not to disturb her, but Vinoo woke up (?) from sleep as if because of a nightmare. She smiled at me and my hubby and apologised for falling asleep. My God what a show it was. I could not believe my eyes she was a talented artist, I must say. She thanked me and my husband, bade good night and went out of my house. I walked with her to the gate to see her off. On the gate, she told me to wait for the next occasion (which, eventually, never came.)Pls do send me your comments...

Lov,Sumi.