 Chapter 22: Katie's Garden 

It was such a lovely day, and having met up with Katie for lunch, we decided that, since neither of us were working that afternoon, that we would spend it sitting out in her garden catching some sun. Living, as we do, in Edinburgh, it's not often that such opportunities present themselves so we were determined to make the most of this one. We hadn't seen much of each other since school had finished so it was nice to be able to spend a 'relaxed' afternoon together, catching up on what had been going on in our lives over the last month or so.

Katie lives out towards Collinton with her parents. Their house is detached and has a pretty big, private garden that, in summer (assuming we actually have one), catches the sun from mid-morning until pretty late in the evening. With her parents at work we had the place to ourselves and, since the weather had, for once, decided to co-operate, we decided that it was only fair that we celebrate the fact by enjoying some time in the sun with a bottle of wine.

As we stretched out on our loungers, Katie told me all about her Friday night with Dan, giving me all the gory details. They'd gone back to his and, apparently, at one point while she was 'getting her arse royally reamed over the arm of the sofa' (Katie's words, not mine), Dan's flatmate, Evan, who was supposed to be away for the weekend, walked in on them. She's still not sure who was the most embarrassed, them for being caught in the act, or Evan for having unexpectedly disturbed them. I was half expecting her to say that she and Dan invited him to join them but, apparently, Evan made some hurried apologies before disappearing to the safety of his room.

In return, I told her all about my time with Stevie on Tuesday and about my evening with George on Wednesday. I knew that would get her attention. Katie's desperate to meet George and is always on at me to try and arrange something for the three of us. I'm sure George would enjoy that (since he's often said much the same sort of thing) and I know Katie would enjoy George but, for the moment at least, I'm being a selfish cow and keeping him for myself; I mean, it's not as if she's ever shared Dan with me after all. 

I suppose it goes without saying that the heat, the wine and our naughty discussions seemed to turn us both on. Our descriptions of the things we'd been getting up to grew ever more lurid and explicit and, as I was recounting how George had bent me over the bonnet of his car and taken me roughly up the arse, Katie started playing with herself. 

Seeing the pleasure Katie was getting from my tale as she fondled her tits and rubbed her pussy only served to turn me on even more.

Now, neither Katie nor I are what you would call prudish and we're certainly don't have much in the way of inhibitions but I was a bit surprised when Katie hitched off her jeans and knickers, pulled off her t-shirt and demanded that I come over to her and eat her pussy. I may have been surprised but I certainly didn't need to be asked twice. I never need an excuse to taste her.

Katie perched on the edge of her lounger as I knelt between her open legs and began to lick. "Ohhh, Julie! Mmmmmm," she sighed as I worked my tongue between her moist lower lips, running it along the length of her slit between her pussy and her clit.

As I licked and sucked, Katie tugged my top off over my head and reached down to undo my bra. At the same time, I wriggled out of my skirt and knickers.

Katie began to squirm as I explored her pussy with my tongue. The sun was beating down on our naked bodies, adding to our arousal.

Much as I love eating Katie's pussy and despite being hugely turned on, I was in the mood for taking things a bit slower. "I was enjoying that!" Katie moaned as I, slightly reluctantly, got up from between her thighs.

"I was too," I admitted as I sat down next to her. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her passionately. "It's not as if there's any rush though, is there?"

"True enough," Katie agreed and then our lips met once more. This time Katie responded with a passion of her own. "Mmmmm," she purred as my hand slid up her body to gently caress her lovely large tits. She melted into my embrace as her I kissed and lightly nibbled her neck. 

I leaned forward to kiss Katie's shoulders. My hands cupped her breasts, gently squeezing them and teasing her nipples. I ran my tongue over the swell of Katie's breasts. "Oh, Julie," she gasped, "that feels so nice." 

Katie moaned softly as my lips and tongue worked their way along her cleavage. I leaned forward, flicking my tongue over the nearest of Katie's nipples, feeling it stiffen in response. "Yessssss!" she sighed as I sucked her nipple into the warm confines of my mouth, flicking my tongue lightly over it "Oh yes, Julie! Suck them... suck my tits!" Katie demanded. Her fingers were in my hair, pressing my face more firmly into her tits

Pressing Katie's breasts firmly together, I worked my mouth back and forth, sucking first on one and then the other, my tongue coating Katie's tits with a warm film of saliva, which dried quickly in the heat of the sun as I moved from one to the other. My hands slid over her soft skin. As I sucked firmly on one nipple I teased the other with my fingers. 

As I concentrated on her breasts, Katie slipped a long, delicate finger into her pussy. It was quickly joined by a second as she began to pump them in and out, twisting them around inside her, stretching the walls of her pussy as she teased her clit with her thumb. "Oooooooohhhhh mmmmmmmmm," she moaned, throwing her head back and giving voice to her release as her orgasm began to wash over her. 

I continued to concentrate on Katie's tits as her body trembled next to mine. I could feel her heart pounding in her chest. "Oh, Julie Oooohhhhhh!!" Katie cried, becoming increasingly vocal as her climax intensified, not worrying if the neighbours heard her, her body shaking ever more violently as her sensations intensified. 

Eventually, she could take no more. Pulling her fingers from her pussy, Katie reluctantly pushed my head away from her tits. Smiling, I took Katie's hand in mine and lifted it towards my mouth. "Oooooooh," Katie sighed as I sucked her fingers into my mouth, licking her juices from them. I savoured the taste of my friend's essence as I licked and sucked every trace from her fingers. 

"You taste good," I purred, licking her lips. 

"Mmmmm" Katie responded absently, still recovering from the intense sensations of her climax. 

Smiling, I replied, "And now I want to taste you properly," before kissing her passionately on the lips once more. 

After that, I began to work my way downwards. Pausing only briefly to kiss Katie's breasts, I slid off the sun-lounger and knelt between her legs once more.

I reached out to run my fingers through the neatly trimmed patch of soft blonde curls on her Katie's mound, then, leaning forward, I slowly kissed and licked my way up the insides of her thighs.

Katie squirmed with anticipation as she felt my warm breath on her moist lower lips. I, however, was in no mood to rush things. At the last instant, I pulled my mouth away, retreating with a string of delicately light kisses down her thigh only to begin her approach again. Katie emitted a small "Ohhhh," of anguish at having been denied the touch of my tongue on her pussy. 

Teasing, I allowed my mouth to approach, retreat then approach again, over and over, always pulling away at the very last moment. The teasing was driving Katie wild. She writhed on the sun-lounger, tossing her head from side to side in a tortured agony of anticipation. "Oh Julie!" she groaned, her hands cupping and squeezing her tits, "I can't stand this any more. Eat me! Eat my pussy!" she demanded. 

"Mmmm, I thought you'd never ask," I replied coyly, as my mouth began its upward journey once again. 

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Katie gasped as my tongue slipped between her moist labia and began to work its way gently up and down her slit. "Oh fuck, Julie! That's sooooo good!" she cried as the touch of my tongue sent contractions rippling through the walls of her cunt. 

"Shhhh," I said softly, "the neighbours might hear you!"

"Oh, fuck the neighbours! Just eat my pussy!" Katie demanded hotly. 

Not needing to be asked again, I began working my tongue delicately over Katie's lower lips, exploring every fold and crevice of her pussy. 

Katie came almost immediately. "Oh, Julie!" she cried as her body began to shake. "Oh f... fuck, yes! Eat me! Eat my pussy! D... Don't stop!" she demanded. 

I flicked my tongue lightly over the throbbing bulb of Katie's clit, stopping to occasionally lap up the rich juices that flowed from her tunnel. Katie flinched with every touch of my tongue. "Oooooooohhhhhh, mmmmmmm!!!!" she purred as electric shocks pulsed through her. 

Katie dug her fingers into my hair, pulling my mouth even more firmly against her mound as her hips bucked violently. 

I sucked gently on Katie's labia and clit, humming softly at the same time. The vibrations caused Katie's orgasm to peak again, this time even more powerfully than before. "Yes! Oh... Ohhhh fuck, yesssss!" she cried as tears of pleasure rolled down her cheeks. 

Feeling Katie's fingers loosen their grip on my hair, I sensed that I had driven my friend beyond the limits of her endurance. Reluctantly, I let my mouth move away from her pussy and began to kiss my way back up Katie's body until our lips met once again. 

"I love tasting myself on your lips," Katie purred, still lost in the throes of her climax. I held her trembling body tight against mine as her orgasm slowly subsided.

"Oh, Julie!" Katie sighed contentedly as she brought her breathing back under control, "That was amazing; just what I needed." 

Stroking Katie's hair, I kissed her softly. 

It wasn't long until we were kissing again, our tongues dancing inside each others' mouths.

The sun wasn't the only thing causing the temperature to rise. Katie kissed and nibbled her way down my neck and along my shoulders, causing me to moan and shudder.

"Ahhhhhh, " I moaned as Katie began to suck on my tits. As she feasted on them, she began running one hand up the inside of my legs. Her fingers quickly found my pussy, occasionally, grazing my moist lower lips as her tongue explored the surface of my tits. 

"Ohhhhh, mmmmmmm," I sighed as Katie pushed her fingers deeper between my labia, letting my juices coat her fingers.

Pulling her fingers from my cunt, Katie lifted her hand to my tits. "Mmmmmmm, yesssss," I sighed as Katie used her fingers to coat my nipples with my own juices. 

"Mmmmmmm," Katie purred as her lips fastened around my nipple. "You taste so good," she added as she savoured the taste of my juices that, moments before, she had applied with her fingers. 

"Oh that's good," I sighed as Katie repeated the process, first with one breast and then with the other, spreading an ever increasing coating of my juices over their surface. 

Staring deep into my eyes, Katie smiled. "I like the way they taste when I do that," she said. 

"And I love the way it feels," I replied as she buried her face in my cleavage once again. 

Suddenly, with a giggle, Katie sat up and pushed me on to my back and moved between my legs. "Now it's your turn for a tongue-lashing!" she said as she began to lean forward. 

Unlike my teasing approach, Katie made straight for her goal. 

"Ohhhhh! Fuuuccckkkk!!!" I moaned as Katie's tongue flicked over my clit. 

"Mmmmm," Katie murmured, pressing her mouth to my hot, wet lower lips. 

I was in heaven as Katie explored my pussy with her tongue, flicking it over my swollen lips and clit, darting it in and out of the entrance of my tunnel. I squirmed in response to Katie's onslaught. "Gently," I urged, "not so fast. I don't want to cum yet!" 

"Oops, sorry," Katie laughed, "I guess I got a bit carried away. It's just the effect the taste of your pussy has on me; I just can't help myself."

Restraining her initial enthusiasm, Katie moderated her pace, working her tongue slowly along my slit. "Ooooooohhhhh," I squealed with delight as Katie sucked on my moist lips, running her tongue over their surface. "Ahhhhhh!" I sighed softly as her tongue lapped, with broad, firm strokes, over my tender clit. 

"Can I get on top?" I asked as a pleasantly warm sensation spread from her pussy to engulf me. 

"Yeah, OK. I guess so," Katie replied. 

Katie rolled on to her back and I got quickly into position above her, my knees on either side of her head, my pussy hovering above my friend's mouth. 

Moving slowly, I lowered my pussy on to Katie's waiting mouth. "Yessssss!!!" I sighed passionately as her tongue slipped once again between my lower lips and into my cunt. 

Rocking my hips, I ground my pussy against Katie's mouth. As her tongue danced between the folds of my pussy, my juices trickled over her cheeks, coating them with a warm, sticky film. 

Supporting herself with one hand I used the other hand to stroke and caress Katie's tits, squeezing and teasing her nipples with my fingers as I rocked my pussy back and forth against Katie's mouth. "Oh fuck! This feels sooo good,!" I purred as a warm tingling ran up my spine, my body's responses becoming increasingly automatic. 

Katie's tongue lapped at my cunt, slipping between my increasingly wet lower lips and flicking over my swollen clit. I could feel the first rippling contractions of my impending climax as they transmitted themselves through my body. "Oh yes! That's it! Lick me right there!" I urged as Katie's tongue worried the tip of my throbbing clit. 

Responding to my increasingly vocal urgings as my arousal soared, Katie flicked her tongue more and more rapidly over my clit, murmuring softly as my juices flowed over her face, occasionally telling me how good I tasted. As contractions began to grip my womb, powerful spasms shook my body. Moaning, I rocked my hips back and forth, increasing the friction of Katie's tongue against my clit, intensifying the sensations that rose up to consume me from within. 

"Oh fuck! Ohhhh Katie!! I'm cccuuuuummmmmiiiinnnnggggggg!!!" I cried as my friend's tongue drove me relentlessly onwards. Katie grabbed my hips, pulling me even more firmly against her mouth. My obvious pleasure caused Katie's desire to flare anew. Almost without realising how it had happened, she found herself cumming too, the fingers of one hand, coated with her own warm, sticky juices. 

Unable, at last, to take any more, I rolled away from Katie's mouth to end up lying on the sun-scorched grass of Katie's lawn. Katie quickly joined and gathered me into her arms, kissing me tenderly as the sun beat down on our pleasure-wracked bodies. I returned the kiss then, slowly, began licking my juices from Katie's cheeks. We clung tightly to each other, basking in the sun as our orgasms slowly subsided. 

After that, lying on the lawn, we just carried on kissing and caressing; occasionally fingering each others' pussies until we both came again. 

Eventually, the heat got too much for us and, pausing only to gather up our clothes, we headed inside to get some nice cool drinks.

Exhausted, partially from the heat and partially from our exertions, we decided to head upstairs for a bit of a lie down. Despite our tiredness, with our bodies pressed firmly together, we found it impossible to keep our hands (and mouths) off each other.

Our kisses quickly became more and more passionate; our fingers sought out each others' pussies. In only a matter of a few minutes, tiredness had been replaced with arousal. With our fingers teasing each others' clits, we quickly drove each other to the point of climax.

"I want to taste your pussy again, Julie," Katie purred into my ear.

"Mmmmmm, I want to taste yours too," I replied.

Without any hesitation, Katie turned around, placing her knees on either side of my head and lowering her pussy on to my waiting mouth. As she lowered her tongue to my waiting clit, I slid mine between her moist lower lips. 

Locked in a passionate sixty-nine, we became increasingly frenzied, feeding of each others' intense arousal. Our tongues lapped at each other's pussies. Katie's juices trickled over my cheeks, coating my face with a warm, sticky film. 

With tongues, lips and fingers, we drove each other on, both lost in the shared sensations, oblivious to everything except the pleasure we were experiencing. 

As Katie sucked on my clit, my body begin to shake beneath her. She plunged two fingers into my cunt, pumping them in and out as my tongue brought her close to the point of boiling over. 

With my body shaking and my heart pounding rapidly in my chest, I strove desperately to focus on the task of pleasuring Katie, my tongue flicking over her swollen clit. I felt tremors running through her body. Reaching out, I grabbed Katie's tits, squeezing her nipples as she sucked and slurped hungrily on my pussy. 

"Shit," Katie moaned.

"Oh fuck!" I cried."

"Ohhhhhhh, mmmmmm," we breathed in orgasmic unison.

Cumming together, surrendering to the intense sensations that washed over our bodies, we continued to drive each other onwards with our tongues. Our moans of pleasure filled the room as our shared climaxes peaked again and again. 

When, at last, neither of us could take any more, Katie rolled away with a contented sigh. Turning around, she snuggled up to me and we held each other close. Using our tongues, we cleaned our juices from each others' cheeks. When that was done, we kissed passionately, each savouring the taste of our juices on the other's lips. 

After that, we just lay there for a while, holding each other close, kissing occasionally, not caring about anything, shutting everything out apart from each other.

Suddenly we were interrupted by a voice from downstairs. "Hello? Katie? Anyone home?" it was Katie's mum, just home from work.

Katie and I leapt to our feet. She opened her bedroom door, taking a quick look into the hallway. "Quick, into the bathroom," she whispered, pushing me through the door before calling out, "Upstairs, mum. We're just in ourselves. Julie's taking a quick shower."

Since Katie had very cleverly given me an excuse, I took advantage of it; having the shower I definitely needed. Apparently, while I was in there, Katie had grabbed her bath-robe and explained to her mum that we'd been out for a bike ride and, having arrived home decidedly hot and sweaty, she had let me grab the first shower and she'd have one when I'd finished.

I chatted casually to Katie's mum while Katie got cleaned up. I was glad it was such a hot day or it might have been tricky explaining my ever so slightly flushed appearance. 

Noticing my red face, she asked, "Are you OK? You look a bit flustered."

I'm sure my blush deepened. "Yes, fine," I replied, "It's just the heat."

"Hmmm, yes, I know. It is just a bit on the warm side, isn't it? Whatever were the pair of you thinking about, exerting yourselves like that on a day like this? You should've been outside enjoying the sun, relaxing, not killing yourselves on the bikes."

"You won't get any arguments from me there," I agreed.

We both laughed; in my case as much with relief than anything else. I was thankful she hadn't got home a few minutes earlier. Given how vocal both Katie and I can be when lost in the throes of passion, no amount of quick thinking on Katie's part would have explained our way out of that. I also hoped that Katie's mum hadn't had the chance to look in the garage as the absence of my bike would have punched a bit of a hole in Katie's quickly, and otherwise very cleverly made up explanation of what we'd been up to.

All in all, notwithstanding almost getting caught in flagrante, I can't think of a better way for Katie and I to have enjoyed such a lovely afternoon.