 Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

I was visiting my mother for a few days. At least that was the plan, but she left mere hours after I arrived. She had recently joined a choir and could not afford to skip a practice because they only had a few weeks left to get everything ready for their Christmas concert. The practice took place at the nearby village and usually lasted a little over two hours. Since her neighbor was also part of the choir, they took turns giving each other a ride. This week, my mother's neighbor was driving.

The plan was to spend the afternoon relaxing. A fifteen minute drive separated my mother's house from the nearest village and vegetation reigned supreme in the area. I was looking forward to spending some time outside, but the cold of approaching winter left a permanent chill in the air. Since I had not planned on such cold weather, I had not brought many warm clothes and was forced to spend the remainder of the afternoon inside.

My mother didn't have cable—or Netflix—so I was forced to scour Facebook and YouTube in the hopes of finding something to keep busy. Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of social media and watching fail compilation gets old pretty quick. Fortunately, I soon received a phone call than put an end to my boredom.

I wondered whether answer my mother's phone was appropriate, but seeing how bored I was, I chose to throw caution to the wind. That was a good thing, because the caller turned out to be none other than my mother. Apparently, the practice had ended early and her friend had a few errands to run, so she wanted to know if I could come and pick her up. I was so bored I immediately jumped at the chance to get out of the house.

My mother's car was waiting for me in the garage. Thankfully, it was an automatic—for some unknown reason, I never learned to drive manual—and I was on my way in a matter of minutes.

I had only visited my mother a few times since she had moved, but I already knew the directions to the village by heart. It was thus with the music blasting that I sped down the deserted street.

After a few minutes, I noticed someone walking alongside the road. This was not unusual seeing how it was one of the roads leading to the village. What was unexpected was that the young woman in question had her thumb out.

Like always, seeing someone hitchhike reminded me of the stupid law that made such an activity illegal in the province of Quebec—the law may not apply to the other provinces, but if I were you, I would look it up before deciding to hitchhike across Canada. As I approached the young woman, I pondered whether or not to stop. I am usually one to help my fellow human being, but this was not my car. If hitchhiking was illegal, it made sense that picking one up was also against the law. And since I was driving my mother's car, I preferred not to take the risk.

The plan was simple; keep driving and pretend I never saw her. Unfortunately, I did see her and the closer I got, the more beautiful she became. By the time I passed her, she had become one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. Forgetting all about the law and my mother's car, I quickly pulled to the side of the road and honked to let her know I was offering her a ride.

I focused on the rearview mirror and watched her approach. Like before, the closer the got, the more beautiful she became. By the time she reached the car, my arousal had skyrocketed and a powerful fantasy had grabbed hold of me.

No longer bothered by the rules and regulations that govern our society, I waited for her to reach the passenger's side door with giddy anticipation. When she finally opened the door, she was revealed in her entirety. She was even hotter than before. Her hair was blonde, her eyes were blue and her body seemed to belong to a porn star. In other words, she was breathtaking. The mere sight of her was almost enough to make me come.

"Where are you headed?" I somehow managed to ask.

"To the next village," she answered.

I smiled.

"Hop in," I said.

Less than a minute later, we were speeding down the road. It took all of my willpower just to keep my eyes on the road.

"Thanks for stopping," she said.

"No problem." I threw her a quick glance. She was so beautiful. "How long were you waiting?"

"An hour."

I was shocked. What was the world coming to if such a beautiful young woman couldn't get a ride?

"Didn't anyone stop?" I asked.

She shook her head.

I gave her a shocked glance. It brought a smile to her lips.

"That's why I'm so grateful you stopped," she said in a voice I could have sworn was sensual.

"It's nothing," I said, though that was not entirely true.

"No," she argued. "I really am grateful." After a short pause, she added something that almost made me lose control of the car.

"If there's anything I can do to thank you, please let me know."

My mind instantly went to sex, though I seriously doubted that was what she had in mind. Still, it was worth a try.

"Anything?" I asked, giving her a sideways glance. My gaze lingered on her just long enough to see a smile curl her lips.

"Anything," she assured. I wasn't sure what that meant until her fingers slipped around my right wrist and gently coaxed my hand away from the steering wheel. Adjusting my grip to steer the vehicle with my left hand, I let her guide my right one all the way to...

"Oh god!" I gasped as my fingers made contact with something hot and wet. Struggling to keep the car from careening off the road, I glanced sideways and found my hand between her legs. Her skirt was hiked up and my hand was pressed against her pussy. Her bare pussy.

I could feel the heat emanating from it. The smooth, clean-shaven state of her slit made it clear she was no virgin. The wetness of her labia told me she was aroused and ready to play.

I was so overwhelmed by the unexpected and highly sexual turn of events that I momentarily lost control of the car. Thankfully, a quick jerk of the steering wheel rectified our trajectory.

"Do you mind?" she asked once the threat to our lives had passed. She didn't wait for me to answer before using my hand to massage her pussy.

I didn't speak. I just focused on the road and enjoyed the feel of her hot labia on my skin. But keeping the vehicle on course soon became difficult when she asked me to slide a finger into her. Thankfully, I had always been good at multitasking and I was able to keep my eyes on the road while my index finger was forced in and out of the beautiful hitchhiker's soaking-wet pussy.

"You're so wet," I gasped.

She giggled like a schoolgirl.

"Thanks." She released a few moans. "Do you mind adding another finger?"

Moments later, two of my fingers were darting in and out of her tight slit, making me rethink my she's not a virgin theory. Thankfully, something happened that rendered solving such a mystery unnecessary.

"Fuck!" she yelled as her pussy started to convulse around my fingers. Moments later, she climaxed and she started to squirt. Oddly, my initial reaction was "Fuck, my mother's car!" but then I remembered this was a fantasy and I was able to enjoy the feel of this tight-bodied hitchhiker's pussy quivering around my fingers.

As soon as the final wave oozed out of her, she slumped in her seat and started panting heavily. I still had no idea if she had been a virgin upon entering the car, but I could now say with complete confidence that she was had lost her innocence.

"Pull over!" she commanded when her voice finally returned. The forcefulness of her voice made me fear she regretted what she had just done and wanted to flee the scene of the crime. I was reticent to let her leave, but I didn't exactly want my fantasy to turn into a kidnapping.

I slowed to a stop and watched her jump out of the car. Instead of running off, she hurried around the car and opened the driver's side door. Before I could even think of asking what she was doing, she had unfastened my seatbelt and was guiding me out of the car. She led me to the front of the vehicle and kissed me.

The sheer passion of the kiss was almost enough to make me climax. By the time our lips parted, an obsessive gleam had appeared in her eye. I wondered if it was a good or a bad sign until she started literally tearing my clothes off.

"A good sign," was all I could think as she tore my clothes to shreds. "Definitely a good sign."

By the time she was done, I was naked from head to toe. No sooner was I in my birthday suit that I was pushed backwards onto the hood of the car. The metal felt cold against my skin, but I didn't care. I watched with eager delight as she neared my pussy.

"Fuck!" I moaned as her tongue made contact with my labia. It stroked my clit for a few seconds, but this eager young woman was not the type to waste time on teasing. Instead, she spread my lower lips with two fingers and propelled her tongue deep into me.

"Oh god!" I moaned as she started furiously tongue fucking me. "Yes! YES!"

She was incredible, skilled far beyond her years. The manner in which she flicked her tongue each time she slid it into me drove me wild, luring more arousal than ever before to my body. My back left the hood of the car and my breasts rose high into the air. My head was thrust back by the intensity of the orgasm growing within me. But none of it compared to the precise moment when she slid a finger into my ass.

She had waited until the very last moment and my orgasm exploded within me a second after her finger slid into my rectum. But the intense anal pounding that ensued fully made up for its delayed launch.

The sheer intensity of my orgasm was almost too much for me to handle. I nearly passed out, but managed to hang on to reality long enough to feel my pussy come to life. I also enjoyed the overpowering sensation of my hot nectar leaving my slit, only to see it end up in my lover's mouth. I assumed she swallowed the tasty orgasmilk, because not a single drop made it past her lips.

She continued to pleasure me until every last drop of cum had been extracted from my pussy. With one final moan, I crashed onto the hood of the car and started panting heavily. Unfortunately, I was only given a few seconds to recover.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

The sound was enough to drag me back to reality, but it took a few seconds before I realized where it was coming from. It was not until I realized I was back behind the wheel of my mother's car that my gaze was lured to the passenger's side window. Behind it stood the beautiful hitchhiker that had started it all.

The gorgeous young woman waited for me to unlock the door I only just now realized was locked. Once she gained access to the vehicle, she poked her head in and gave me her biggest smile.

"Where are you headed?" I asked, using the exact same words as in my fantasy.

"To the next village," she answered.

I couldn't contain a smile. She had also used the precise words her fantasy double had used. I had no idea if it was merely a coincidence of it was some sort of sign, but there was only one way to find out.

"Hop in," I said.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez