 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

I love to swim. Always have, always will. However, that doesn't mean I also love swimming pools. Give me the choice between a chlorine-filled pool and an algae-and-fish-ridden lake and I will pick the lake every time. Unfortunately, living in one of the biggest cities in Canada means spending the entire summer in a state of constant sweatiness.

Following two of the summer's hottest days—you know, the kind where you just lie in bed at night, staring up at the ceiling and sweating—I decided the time had come to break my no swimming pools rule. Thankfully, the nearest public pool was just a few minutes' walk away.

I got there early. In fact, the place was only just opening when I got there. It was a weekday and the morning air was still cool—at least as cool as it can be in a city like Montreal—so I was completely alone but for an old couple that remained in the shallow end throughout my ten laps.

When I finally decided the time had come to head home and once more brave the heat, I looked like a dried raisin. Thankfully, no one of importance was there to see it.

On my way back to the changing room, I passed by the sauna. Given the intense heat of the last few days, the thought of sitting around and sweating was not exactly enticing, but I knew it would help expulse the chlorine from my pores.

When I entered, I was hit with a wave of heat. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to my steamy surroundings. When they did, I discovered a young woman standing across from the door. I could spend the next three pages telling you just how beautiful she was, but let's just say she was perfect in every way. Her beauty was only heightened by the fact that only a towel stood between me and the flawless body I am certain stood beneath it.

We shared a quick nod of acknowledgement as I closed the door and took a seat. I tried to stare ahead, but my eyes were constantly drawn to her. I knew I could not leer at her without freaking her out, yet the quick glimpse I had caught of her upon entering the sauna was driving me insane with curiosity and desire.

I threw her quick glances, each one brining more arousal to my body. The more I looked, the more intrigued I became. I had to know what stood beneath that towel. I just had to.

My arousal continued to grow and the fantasy forming within me swelled with such swiftness that I barely even noticed it take hold of me. The transition from reality to fantasy was barely perceptible and I remained unaware of it until the young woman spoke.

"Do you mind if I remove my towel?" she asked, her voice a mere whisper.

That question was enough to inform me that the unfolding events were part of a fantasy and nothing I now did would impact my life in the real world. Nonetheless, I felt myself blush at the thought of seeing that beautiful stranger's sublime figure.

"Of c—course not," I stuttered.

She smiled, as if amused by my stammering.

Standing up, she tugged on her towel and let it fall to the floor.

"Wow!" I gasped as her body was revealed. She was even hotter than I had imagined. Every part of her was perfect. She was the woman of my dreams.

I struggled to keep from staring as she sat down. Her legs parted ever so slightly, revealing her clean-shaven labia. The sight of it threatened to drive me insane and all I could do to keep from leaping across the sauna and having my way with her was to tear my eyes away. It was the hardest thing I ever had to do, but I knew it was the right thing to do.

I spent the next few seconds stealing glances at her. Each time my eyes landed on her, I found her to be more beautiful than before. By the time I noticed her eyes were closed, more arousal than ever before coursed through my veins. Studying her in detail was all I could do to keep my hands from wandering over to her flawless figure.

After an eternity that felt like mere seconds, my eyes travelled up to her face and I found her eyes wide open. She was staring at me. I expected her to freak out, but she was smiling.

"Enjoying the view?" she asked.

"I—I'm sorry," I muttered, tearing my gaze from her.

A soft chuckle filled the air.

"There's no need to apologize," she said. "You can look all you want."

"Really?" I peered up at her. She was still smiling.

"Really," she assured. "However, there is one condition."

I cringed, fearing the worst.

"You must get naked too."

A relieved chuckle flowed past my lips. Thrilled at the thought of freeing myself from the constraints of my bikini, I stood up.

"Let me help you with that," she said before I could make a move. She stood up and crossed the sauna. Her fingers brushed ever so slightly against my skin as she grabbed the two strings that kept my top in place. Moments later, the garment was falling to the floor, the second part of my swimming apparel following shortly.

We now stood across from each other, both completely naked, with mere inches separating us. I peered into her eyes and found myself entranced by them. I barely even felt her fingers exploring my body. Thankfully, the same could not be said for her lips when she pulled me is for a passionate kiss.

The surprised moan that escaped me soon turned into one of lust when her tongue slipped into my mouth. Unable to resist the arousal that coursed through my veins, I kissed her back.

Our tongues danced around in each other's mouths for a blissful eternity before she pulled away. I expected her to drop down to my breasts, but I was the one that was forced down. I saw her erect nipples fly by my lips before I reached my destination.

"Oh yes," she moaned as my lips made contact with her labia. When I outstretched my tongue and ran it across the entire length of her slit, it got too much for her to handle and she tumbled back onto the nearby bench. Rushing over to her, I yanked her legs apart and buried my face in her pussy. It smelled so sweet, so inviting.

Unable to resist its enticing aroma any longer, I propelled my tongue deep into it. Moans began to flow past my lips as her sweet pre-cum coated my tongue. Eager to ingest it, I began thrusting my tongue back and forth, swallowing every drop I could get my hands on.

This went on for some time, but I was too overwhelmed with arousal to tell how long. All I know is that one second, I was eagerly tongue fucking her and the next her pussy was convulsing around it. Her cum hit my tongue like a tidal wave. Braving the storm, I continued coaxing her orgasm to greater heights as she squirted wave after wave of orgasmilk into my mouth.

It felt like mere seconds before the final wave oozed into my mouth and my lover's slit grew still. I was slightly disappointed, but also quite proud.

Once I had licked away the final drop of cum, I pulled away, only to be drawn back in for a loving kiss. By the time our lips parted, I was on my back. My lover's lips left mine just long enough to travel to my breasts.

"Fuck!" I moaned in a barely-audible whisper as her tongue danced across my chest. By the time she moved on, my nipples were stiff as stone. But I quickly forgot about that when her tongue slithered across my slit.

"Oh god!" I moaned, this time a lot louder. Her tongue teased my clit for a few seconds before sliding past my lower lips. Another moan escaped me as she began ferociously tongue fucking me.

My body was on fire. Her skills were equaled only by her eagerness. I had not been handled with such skillful consideration for quite some time. It felt like she knew what I wanted before I did.

"Fuck!" I yelped as one of her fingers slipped into my ass. The cry soon turned to a moan when she added a second finger and began pumping my tight hole.

My chest rose and fell to the rhythm of my rapid breaths as she tongued my pussy and fingered my ass. The dual stimulation, combined with the great beauty of my lover quickly forced a powerful orgasm to explode within me. I barely had time to muster a frantic moan before have after wave began to shoot out of me.

Insatiable, she drank every single one of my squirts. She refused to stop pleasuring me until the final wave had finally oozed out of me. When that finally happened, I lifted my head to thank her, but she was gone.

The shock from this unexpected disappearance put an immediate end to my fantasy. Glancing around, I realized a few things. First of all, I was still fully clothed. Second of all, my beautiful fantasy lover—or at least her real-life equivalent—was gone.

I barely noticed my heart sink in disappointment. My veins now pumped arousal throughout my body and the heat that filled the room threatened to put an end to my consciousness. Standing up, I headed for the exit.

As I walked toward the showering room, I found myself wondering where the beautiful woman had gone. Would I ever see her again? I feared the answer until I reached the showering room and found the object of my fantasy standing beneath a showerhead, moaning softly as millions upon millions of water droplets rained down upon her. Instantly, another fantasy took hold of me and reality began to fade...

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez