 Jake fled as soon as Sarah looked at him. He didn't know how long he had been frozen there, watching in a twisted mix of gut wrenching horror and unwanted arousal. He just knew he needed to escape from that room and the betrayal that had happened in it. He practically dove into his own room and slammed the door behind him. It was all he could do to just collapse and let the tears flow.

*********

"What was that?" Kate suddenly shot up.

Sarah was about so say it was nothing when an idea to use this to her advantage came to her. She grinned as she feigned concern,

"It seems your brother came home and saw us. I think he was a bit surprised and went back to his room."

Kate paled, pleasant afterglow forgotten as fear gripped her at what her brother must have seen and how hurt he would be, "He saw us!? Oh my god, what do I tell him? He'll be crushed, I can barely believe I've done it myself. I need to go explain-"

Sarah interrupted her by embracing the confused girl, guiding Kate's babbling face once into the comforting valley of her tanned breasts. Kate stopped talking immediately and Sarah took a moment to make sure the blonde took a deep breath of her scent before speaking,

"There there, calm down, I'm sure he is just confused by what he saw and needs some time alone to process it. You said yourself that he's an understanding guy, I'm sure that if you give him a little time he will be happy that me and you have fallen for each other. I know I won't be tormenting him in school anymore."

Sarah knew that was bullshit of course, no one would be fine with their lesbian tormentor 'turning' and fucking their sister, but at the moment Kate wasn't thinking straight. She would probably latch onto the first comforting words thrown her way, which was exactly what was happening as she felt Kate beginning to nod to her words, so she continued on.

"Look, I know it's a bit 'unconventional' but it's what's happened... and do you really regret being with me?"

Kate shook her head. She had enjoyed her time with Sarah, even if she had been surprised at the start; she had never felt anything like it before. She didn't know if she was a 'lesbian' now, when before she had most definitely thought of herself as straight, but the feeling of Sarah's strong arms, musky scent and soft breasts just made her feel so safe and secure right now. Sarah was probably right and she should just let Jake have some time to compose himself.

Kate snuggled in closer and almost started in surprise as she realized that she was beginning to feel aroused by cuddling with the tanned girl, the unexpected heat building with each breath of Sarah's heady scent.

Sarah smirked with triumph as she felt the telltale feel of Sarah's nipples beginning to harden against her own body. She almost couldn't believe how easy it was proving to condition the girl to be a little lesbian femme; her kind motherly nature being a natural complement to Sarah's own brash butch personality. Sarah's own arousal peaked as she imagined the fully converted hot little femme dyke the blonde would be when she finished with her.

Kate gave a light squeal of surprise as Sarah pushed her back onto the bed...

*********

Jake was considering calling his parents, but knew it was an exercise in pointlessness; the pair of them traveled for work and generally spent more time traveling than at home. That was part of the reason why he and his sister were so close in the first place. What would he say anyway? 'My lesbian bully is fucking my sister and your daughter, please ask her to stop'. Short of physical violence that would definitely not help the situation he couldn't think of what he could actually do.

Maybe he could go talk to them? Clearly explain what he wanted. He had almost come close to calming down when he heard it, quiet moans that increased in volume. 

Jake froze and listened. 

As the minutes passed the moans rose and fell, and before long they became so loud Jake could identify them as belonging to Kate. It was Kate's voice mostly, sometimes he heard a deep throated moan that definitely belonged to Sarah, but for the most part it was his sister's cries. 

Finally, there was a scream of pleasure, and then silence. He thought he heard some talking then, and maybe what could have been a sobbing sound but he didn't dare move from his spot to check. Then more talking that sounded distinctly like Sarah again. She almost sounded...comforting?

Then silence. It was a few hours of Jake sitting in frozen fear before he heard Kate's pleasured moans start up again. It was well into the evening by that point and the sounds continued well into the night as Jake struggled to ignore what was happening just through the wall. As much as it horrified him to even consider, Jake wondered if Sarah was trying to fuck his sister into submission. 

The talking between the moans seemed to get shorter as the night wore on.

It was four in the morning by the time Jake collapsed bodily into unconsciousness, the moans of his sister and her butch tormentor continuing even then.

*********

As sunlight finally entered the room Sarah sat up and took a moment to appreciate her handiwork.

The sight of Kate's exhausted body, smeared with pussy juices, breasts heaving, was the single most erotic sight Sarah had ever seen. Kate's nipples formerly a delicate pink were now an angry red, where Sarah had sucked, pulled and licked at them with reckless abandon. All across Kate's delicate pale skin were angry red marks where Sarah had hungrily sucked the sweat from her body.

The innocent straight girl had been completely converted. Sarah knew she had taken her utterly, erasing the delicate straight girl in the process. She was a femme dyke now. Her cunt, breasts and tongue were entirely for female use now. She lovingly ran her hand over the girl's lower stomach, imagining the primed womb and ovaries within that were now meaningless, Kate was a being of raw lesbian sex now. Her body would be used only to serve hungry women.

Kate had so many things to learn. So far Sarah had been the one giving all the pleasure, but now Kate would learn how to eat pussy, as was her place as the femme in the relationship, Sarah fully intended for eating pussy to be a prime part of Kate's diet from now on. Kate's virginity was another topic of excitement for the tanned dyke. She had a ten inch strap on for exactly that purpose that would make any attempts by a man to use her pussy afterwards an exercise in futility. She could just imagine those big innocent blue eyes bulging when Sarah's big powerful hips drove into her.

Sarah was brought back to the present when Kate made a small sound of discontent at the loss of contact and heat when Sarah had sat up, and sleepily and reached out unconsciously toward her. Sarah obliged her sleepy lover and with a final satisfied lick of her cum soaked lips she collapsed on top of the blonde girl and fell into her own light sleep.

*********

Jake woke up with a start and for a blissful moment thought the events of last night had been a dream. Then he heard talking coming from the other side of the wall.

He didn't know why, but he silently crept out of bed and down the hall.

He had to see. To observe. To know exactly what was happening. To know if in some way this was a mistake, something other than betrayal.

To know if this was really Kate and not just Sarah. Now that he had some time to process it, if there was even a hint that Kate wasn't a willing participant in this, he would break Sarah's head open with a ripe melon from behind.

But he had to know first.

He stealthily brought his eye to the open crack of the door.

*********

"I don't, I mean, I've never" Kate said weakly as Sarah opened her legs in front of her, exposing herself to the blonde's blushing face, her fleshy cunt glistening wet and covered in black curls. 

"You'll do fine, girl," Sarah said, gently but firmly grabbing ahold of the girl's blonde hair and pulling her babbling mouth to where it was meant to be, exposing the innocent teen to what would no doubt become the object of her obsession for the rest of her life. Sarah moaned in deep seated satisfaction as she stuffed Kate's mouth with her pungent cunt, gasping as she felt the sensation of those pretty pink lips making contact with her dripping love box. 

Kate's first lick was slow, tentative, but soon she began licking enthusiastically; her natural desire to help people being subtly twisted into a desire to reciprocate pleasure in the tanned woman who had given her so much yesterday.

Sarah was completely unsurprised by the natural submissive's eagerness, 

"Good girl, that's a good girl. Keep doing that, you're making me very happy."

Sarah kept up the compliments even as she moaned at the blonde's hungry licking, constantly reinforcing in the girl's mind that this was good and right. Kate wanted to make people happy, which meant she took pleasure in giving Sarah pleasure, which combined with Sarah's scent, words and the conditioning from last night, meant that eating out Sarah was beginning to make Kate even more aroused and firmly imprinting 'eating pussy' as an arousing and pleasurable experience in her sex addled mind.

Sarah knew that after this first session she would just need to mention to Kate 'eating pussy' and the girl would probably flood her panties.

Sarah moaned in pleasure and collapsed back onto the bed as Kate's hands moved up to her hips and grabbed hold, now attempting to burrow deeper into her newly discovered favorite place on Sarah's body. Sarah had to concede Kate was talented as well as eager, her natural instincts in knowing how Sarah had eaten her out last night transferred into how to eat Sarah's cunt now. Soon she was tonguing like a seasoned pro, her tongue exploring every nook and crevice of the butch's cunt. Sarah grinned at the erotic sight of this beautiful angelic blonde bent forward on her knees, licking and sucking with a frenzy between her own powerful tan thighs. 

"Oh you're so hot you little dyke slut!"

Sarah knew it was where a girl like Kate belonged, her soft feminine ways providing such a perfect contrast to Sarah's own hard brashness, a submissive femme pleasuring a dominating butch.

"Yeah, that's right bitch," she moaned in pleasure, "Eat that pussy. You're gonna be eating that for the rest of your life."

Sarah noticed that Kate was looking at her now, those pretty blue eyes looking up at her, staring at her with such love and desire that Sarah damn near orgasmed on the spot. She grabbed Kate's pretty blonde hair and ground into her face with a powerful thrust, driving the blonde's tongue deeper into her cunt. Humping into her face practically, letting her cute little button nose work against her clit.

It didn't take long like that. The visual of Kate on her knees eating her with a frenzy more than made up for what few shortcomings Kate's inexperience caused. In fact the thought of training and conditioning the girl into the perfect little pussy eater was more arousing.

"Eat me, you hot little lezzy bait!" Sarah groaned as she finally came, flooding Kate's hungry mouth with her juices. Sarah noted with satisfaction that Kate licked up all her jizz, going so far as to run her long tongue lovingly down Sarah's inner thighs in her quest to get as much of the fem-cum as possible.

Perfect.

Sarah rode out the final ebbs of her orgasm and finally went limp, letting go of Kate's head. She sighed in satisfaction when Kate slowly pulled her mouth from her pussy, juices still running down her chin. Sarah was almost amazed just how quickly Kate was turning into a pussy-crazed submissive little femme. The girl evidently had quite the sex drive she had been holding back, and now Sarah had given her an outlet in the form of submissive lesbian sex, the girl was desperate to engage in as much of it as possible.

*********

Jake couldn't believe that was his sister in there.

Where was the pure angel that had been his sister just yesterday? Had Sarah really managed to corrupt his sister so fully in such a short time.

Jake still couldn't look away though, so wrapped up in his confusion he didn't even notice that his erection was hard as a rock and jutting visibly out from his boxers.

*********

Sarah knew it was finally time to seal the deal, to finally take Kate's virginity and fully assert ownership over her new nubile love slave. It didn't take long for her to leap off the bed and grab her strap on from her discarded pants where she'd stashed it in preparation yesterday. Quick as a flash she had it cinched it up around her waist and was stood there in all her well-hung glory, all ten inches bobbing obscenely in front of her. Sarah having sat up to watch her lover practically had her eyes bob out of her skull when she saw what was in store for her. 

"I... I can't fit that" Kate mumbled, not entirely convincingly as she already knew inevitably it would end up in her. 

Sarah smirked. Knowing that it meant the soft beauties first penetration would come at the hands of a horny dyke. She knew it would fit too. Most girls couldn't take the whole length and Sarah doubted Kate would be an exception, but the real pleasure here was in the girth. Female bodies were designed to give birth, so really it was just a matter of Kate being hot and wet enough, which considering her reaction to eating her out was likely already the case.

Kate shrieked in surprise and pleasure as Sarah roughly grabbed her and kissed her, the dominant girl enjoying the sensation of Kate's soft wet lips on her own. The butch pushed the femme down onto the bed, noting with satisfaction the instant response of the girls hardening nipples and pussy lubrication. The girl's conditioning couldn't have taken better. Kate wanted it. The pair continued their passionate kiss for a while, Sarah's hands kneading and stroking Kate's big soft tits, all the while Kate's hands held onto the bigger girls shoulders, feeling both increasingly aroused and safe, completely enveloped by the larger girl pinning her to the bed. 

Finally as Kate moaned in pleasure, Sarah stood and pulled her roughly to her feet before spinning her around, bending her over sharply at the waist in the most primal of submissive postures. Spreading Kate's pliant legs, Sarah positioned herself behind Kate as the blonde braced herself against the bed's headboard, both afraid and turned on by what was about to happen. Sarah placed the thick head of her phallus at Kate's dripping entrance and pushed inside, knowing that in doing so she would own Kate forever after. No matter what happened hereafter, a small part of Kate would always know it was a hot dyke that took her virginity. 

"Oh shit, please be gentle," Kate moaned as Sarah pushed deep into her sex. No blood, which meant the girl had probably torn her hymen some other time, probably exercise which wasn't amazingly unusual, in fact it was actually better for Sarah's goals. 

Sarah moaned deep in her throat as she reached around and grabbed two big handfuls of Kate's soft pliant breasts, pinching her rock hard nipples as she gave the girl a solid five inches in a quick sharp thrust causing Sarah to squeal in pleasure and pain as the hard silicone touched places she had never been touched before.

The two remained locked like that for a while, Kate panting with arousal, fear and anticipation, before Sarah began fucking her in earnest, short slow thrusts that soon had the blonde angel moaning obscenely as the pleasure shooting through her mounted. The butch kept a slightly upward tilt on her thrust, knowing that doing so, combined with the thickness of the cock, would lead to Kate's previously untouched G-spot being dragged against with every thrust. Sure enough, Kate reacted with a jerk and soon she was pushing back, humping her sweet little pale ass against Sarah's dark tanned thighs. 

A former virgin thrusting her hips like a cat in heat. 

"You like that baby girl?" Sarah asked, between laying kisses on the blondes sweaty arched back,

"Oh shit, it's so good, I've never felt this good before," was the responding moan.

"Do you want me to do this to you every day? Would you like that baby girl? To be my little dyke slut for your big sugar mummy?"

"Fuck, yes, I'll be your slut, I'll eat your cunt, I'll suck your tits, I'll be your lezzy dyke."

Sarah grinned, this vision of feminine beauty was hers, body and soul. 

"We're gonna have so much fun Kate," Sarah groaned, thrusting harder into her submissive, "I'm going to show you so many things. I can't wait till you meet the girls, you're going to have a tongue in every orifice when they get their hands on you, not a single inch of this slutty body is going to be left un-licked. By this time next week you're gonna have eaten more pussy than most guys do in their entire life"

"Yes!" Kate screamed as an orgasm shot through her. Sarah kept fucking her through it. 

"Are you my little femme dyke slut?" Sarah asked, as her hand come down on the blondes flawless pale ass, leaving a glowing red hand print.

"Yes!," Kate screamed as another orgasm shot through her.

"Tell me what you are!" Sarah moaned as she let loose another spank.

"I'm a dyke, I like pussy, I'm a lesbian, I get fucked by other women!" Kate squealed in ecstasy, "I belong to you!"

A powerful orgasm fired through her at the blondes admission that had Sarah grunting as she slammed the full ten inches into Kate's overheated matronly form. 

"Your cunt was built for big strap-on cock Kate, no man is going to be able to satisfy you after this, you're going to spend the rest of your life as a cunt licker" Sarah moaned, taking a fistful of Kate's hair, the blonde now squeaking and moaning in orgasm nearly every fifth stroke. 

"Fuck yes," Kate screamed, practically crying with the mix of pleasure and pain. 

Sarah let loose her own bellow of triumph as she finally orgasmed herself, collapsing in a sweaty pile on top of her lover. The two remained locked there, satisfied in the pleasant afterglow of their love making. 

Sarah couldn't help but chuckle as she let herself slip into a pleasant stupor, who knew a little messing with some dork from school would lead to her fucking the hottest piece of ass she had ever seen.

*********

Kate couldn't even speak to her brother. The pair had been avoiding each other since Sarah had left that evening after they had unintentionally ended up making love all day. Sarah had left with a promise that she would see Kate again soon. Kate now that Sarah was gone ha time to think, and she was worried. She didn't even know what Jake was thinking right now, her initial plan to talk to him, explain things and reassure him had been undone when she had lost track of time in Sarah's embrace, and now she didn't even know what to say or do. 

Although Kate felt guilty about what had happened and how it had started, she didn't for one moment regret it. It had been the best time of her life wrapped up in her butch lover's arms, being driven to orgasm after orgasm by her big strong hands and thrusting hips, the feelings from their sweaty breasts driving together as both their upper and lower lips locked passionately...

Kate had to cut that line of thought as she felt her panties beginning to dampen and her nipples straining at the fabric of her shirt just thinking about the memories. She couldn't wait to see Sarah again, these feelings couldn't be wrong. Sarah had told her over and over how it was right to love and be loved like this, how beautiful and sexy she was and how happy they would make each other. Sarah just made her so happy.

Suddenly she felt annoyed. Why couldn't Jake see that? Why was he spoiling this? Couldn't he just be happy for them both? Was his ego really that bruised? Sarah had warned her and told her to give him space, but why wouldn't he just come talk to her. She could feel a rift beginning to form between them and it was upsetting her.
