 It was a cool day in the winter. Not as cold as it usually gets, today my fingers weren't freezing and I didn't need to hold a cup of coffee just to feel warm. My husband and I were watching the news, something about cubs being rescued from a lady who thought she had carried them for nine months. They called her The Mountain Cat Lady, because she lived in a little cave on the mountains, holding the cubs captive. My husband started to joke about it as he was rubbing my thigh, from the top of my knee stopping right before my silk panties, teasing me, so to say. After a while we decided to switch up the mood in the bedroom. 

"We've been too worked up lately, honey. Coming home to the news? That's a bummer. We need to get back on track Amy" Kent said, his hand still on my thigh.

"Of course we do" I responded, "let's get a bottle of bourbon, and have a nice, relaxing evening." I was tugging on his tie, pulling him in closer, just as I lay my lips on his.

With that, he got on top of me, we were making out like high school kids. He placed his left hand under my thigh and began to touch my pussy, tapped it a little over my undies, then twirled his fingers on my clit. It began throbbing, and I opened my legs a little wider, pulling my skirt up, letting him know I was ready for what was to come. Just as he got ready to make love to me, we heard the door bang so loud it almost sounded like a gunshot. I jumped out of the bed and walked into the hallway, only to see my disgruntled 19 year old, Harry, walking to his room as though he was going in for the kill. 

"Harry! Stop right there! What's gotten you so worked up you had to almost break my door?"

"It's Bree mom. She's just the worst! Such a slut!"

"Let's calm down sweetie, what happened?"

"I'll tell you later. I need to be alone right now."

I worry so much about my kids. My husband always tells me I shouldn't always get up in their business. But I'm a 43 year old woman with not much to do, my law firm has the best lawyers in town, I don't even have to work there anymore. I just sit home and listen to my children's stories, who they are dating, what sports are interesting them, the like. And Bree was one of the many stories my son told me. She was funny, hot, smart and apparently, loyal. So what could she have done? All this thinking killed my sexual vibe, and my husband, who stood quietly behind me, could tell I was no longer in the mood.

"Glass of red wine, darling?" He politely offered.

"Just bring the whole bottle," I said, walking towards the kitchen to look for some food to go with my wine.

Halfway through the bottle, the chef came through to let me know dinner was ready.

He had gone above and beyond tonight, it's like he could sense the tension and he knew we all needed some "foodie-lift-me-ups." We were close to the end of dinner when my two daughters began questioning why Harry was sulking. 

"I'm fine Kayla, don't worry. And Abella, some girls are just pure liars. But I'll get over it."

"Alright!" said Kent. "Harry, how about we go down to the bar in the basement and have a little whiskey? I know you do it anyway, maybe you can loosen up afterwards."

Harry agreed, getting up from his seat and following his father down. My daughters and I got up, too, but just to give goodnight kisses and go to bed.

Kent came back at 1' in the morning, and I asked, obviously, what he had gotten out of Harry.

"Nothing really. He talked about how she had lied about who she was, and they decided to end it."

I shrugged and went to bed.

The next morning, I could hear my husband getting ready around 7'. It was a Saturday, but he was dressed in office clothes. He was so excited. He was going for his patents settlement with his parent company, he expected a big cheque. He kissed me goodbye and whispered, "See you on the richer side, honey!" I quietly giggled under the covers, pretending to still be asleep. I tossed around in bed for a while, before deciding to get up and take a shower. My head was killing me. Two bottles of red wine wasn't the best idea. I decided to go to the mall and get myself a massage. Maybe it would make the headache go away.

When I was done dressing up, I found my kids having breakfast in the diner.

"I won't join you guys today. I need a long massage." I said, walking through the hallway, towards the front door.

"Alright mom! See you!" Said Kayla, and the other two, with their mouths full, simply waved goodbye.

Arriving at Mudd Works felt exhilarating.

It was my favorite spa, all the employees knew me. I walked up to Angie, the receptionist, and she gave me a big smile.

"Long time no see, Mrs Grey! What's going on?"

"I've been so busy with decorations for the house and being a soccer mom! I had to put it all aside and come and have a chill."

"So what package will you get today, and with who?"

I felt a little spontaneous, so I picked a nude massage. And asked for any of her females to do it.

"Not a hustle, just make your way to room 3, have a shower and be nude!" she said, jokingly, handing me the key.

I went to the room and quickly made my way to the shower, washing off all the impurities on my body, and staring at myself in the glass reflection. I had a good body. 32-24-34. I worked hard for these abs, and even harder to keep my ass perky. It was nice to know my sons friends thought I was 30. Not knowing I'm more than a decade older than that.

I dried my body and the ends of my dark hair with the towels provided and went to lie down on the bed, waiting for the lovely hands that would kill this hangover.

"Good morning, Mrs Grey."

I heard a sweet voice say, I couldn't see who it was because my face was looking down at the floor, and the masseuse had the pleasure of looking at my tight ass.

"Good morning!" I said, as I felt her put a towel over my bosom.

"I'm Bree, and I'm going to be at your pleasure today."

I didn't say a word, I sat there, wondering if I should look back to see if she was my son's ex. But I didn't. I didn't want to start off on a bad note.

She began rubbing the oils on my back and my thighs, sometimes almost touching my shaven mound, then going back to my feet. She pulled off the towel, massaged my ass, almost as though her hands were making love to it, and like a planned accident, one of her fingers slipped to touch my clit. I quivered. My pussy was excited at this point, but why? I was never attracted to girls. But her hands were magical. I pretended I didn't notice it and kept still.

"You can turn around, we need to get started on the other side."

I turned around and saw her; Bree. The slut my son talked about. I couldn't help it. I opened my mouth.

"What happened with you and Harry?" I asked, as she lay the towel on my pussy and hips. She grabbed some oil and started to rub beneath my breasts making her way to my stomach, then said, 

"I kissed my best friend Liz and he found out. I told him I like girls too, that I'm bisexual. He just got so mad. I was so shocked cause guys usually dig that, you know?"

I didn't respond. Instead I nodded and closed my eyes. She continued massaging my body and then said to me,

"Your body is great." 

"Thank you" I responded. Trying to ignore how horny she was making me.

She started to get closer to my pussy every time she massaged my thighs. Then, out of the blue, she touched my clit.

"What are you doing!" I said in a frantic whisper, lifting my head.

"I'm sorry. This part time job is hard for me when I'm around women like you."

"Women like me? What's that supposed to mean? And be honest. I won't report you." I said, with a sly look on my face.

I like hearing people flatter me, this was an odd scenario, especially for me, but I didn't expect what was next.

"You're beautiful. When you come to Harry's games I love how your ass jiggles when he scores and you get up to cheer him. Your boobs are perfect. I wish I was able to suck on them all day. Your body? It's just so goals. And this pussy? How did three kids pass through it? It's fucking amazing. I want to eat it, suck it, finger it, fuck it. Everything!"

I pulled her hand and placed it on my left boob.

"Nobody should know. Not even your best friend, Liz. This is between us."

She nodded excitedly, biting her bottom lip. Her eyes beamed like a baby when it's mother comes home. She couldn't believe it. Neither could I. What had come over me? I was hungry. She put her free hand on my pussy and made circles around it, then pushed two fingers into it and put her thumb on my clit. Fingering me, rubbing my clit, all at the same time looking into my eyes as I moaned in pleasure. Her other hand, still on my left nipple, rubbing and pinching, then going to the right one, doing the same. She continued fucking and playing with my pussy as she messed around with my nipples, slapping my boobs every once in a while. This was worth a day away from my kids. It was wrong, but Bree was a hot as well as talented 18 year old girl. Perky butt, boobs that weren't too big but every guy appreciated them. Small waist, she was looking like a dish I had never tasted, and now it was served to me. She stopped, licking the fingers that had just exited my mound, and then spread my legs apart, walked over to my feet, and put her head between them and then brushed her tongue lightly over my clit.

"Mmmff, you're such a naughty girl!" I said, my eyes rolling back.

"I'm your whore today." She said, looking hungry for my pussy.

I placed my hands on her head, gently rubbing her curly brown hair. She started to lick, suck and spit on my pussy. She fucked my pussy with her tongue as I tried to muffle my moans. She was such an animal. Going gentle then speeding up the process, sometimes like a hungry carnivore. She pulled away and started to remove her uniform, her little white dress. She took off her bra and her underwear, she looked liked an angel standing at the end of my feet, my legs were still trembling from everything, then she started to get on top of me, I thought she was coming to kiss me, but she turned her body away so that her ass and her pussy were in my full view, then she placed her entire mouth back on my waiting pussy and sucked it. It made a loud noise, the echo from her mouth, a pop sound. I grabbed her ass and all of a sudden, my mouth was on her pussy. I did my best to make her feel as special as she made me feel, licking, sucking, finger and tongue fucking. It was my first time with a girl. We were like animals. Then, shocker, she squirted all over my face. I didn't know if I was turned on or not. Then I smacked her ass really hard. 

"You nasty, nasty whore! How dare you!"

"I'm sorry! You're just so fucking good!"

I smacked her pussy a little softer, but it was hard enough to make her quiver.

"Well you better be! You're just so lucky it tastes good. Now lick it off my face."

She turned and lay on top of me. Sucking and licking my face. I wrapped my legs around her waist, then I kissed her. I could taste my pussy and her juices on her tongue. I sucked on her tongue just to get the most out of it. Slowly, she pulled away, pulled me up so I sat up straight, facing her. She placed her left leg below my right leg, and her right leg above my left leg. She pulled me closer, kissed me, and began began rubbing her pussy against mine. It was like we were making love. Kissing and fucking like our lives depended on it. Just as we were both climaxing, with our arms wrapped around each other, the beeper went off, our time was up. She had to get ready for her next client, and I had children to get home to.