 Words cannot express my feelings after the conversation with my parents. After 35 years of marriage, they have decided to divorce. I was shocked to say the least. They claimed they no longer loved each other and have met other people they want to be with. After the divorce, I was forced to put up with a new stepmother and father. Needless to say, I couldn’t stand the fact that my father decided to marry a white woman. My father is 59 and his new wife 45. I'm only 33 so I felt like he married someone young enough to be his daughter. She stands 5’9”, reddish blond shoulder length hair, and weighs approximately 130 lbs. I hate to say it, but she is very attractive.

Wanting to visit my father for a few weeks, I decided to bite the bullet and pay them a visit. When they picked me up at the airport, I hugged my father and exchanged pleasantries with her. His wife, Judy, wanted to take me to the nicest restaurant in town for dinner. After dinner, we went back to the house. My father went to bed and Judy said she wanted to have a talk with me. We went to the backyard and sat down. She said she understood my feelings toward her and could understand why I didn’t like her, but that we should try to get along for my father’s sake. I agreed with her and told her I would try harder to get along with her. She smiled and gave me a hug. We both have large breast and it felt weird having a pair of breast squeezed against mine, but it also felt good. I noticed that it seemed that she was holding on to me rather long. She then started to rub my back. She pulled away from me and gave me a kiss right on my lips. It wasn’t a long kiss, but it seemed like it lasted forever. To say I was shocked is not enough. She stood up and said goodnight.

After getting over my initial shock, I became kind of turned on. As I went up to my room to unpack, I kept replaying that kiss over and over in my mind. I thought that maybe I misinterpreted what happened and no way did my stepmother come on to me. After I finished unpacking and started to undress to take a shower, I noticed there was a big wet spot in the crouch of my panties. I had to admit to myself that I am turned on by the thought of having sex with another woman. I experimented once with a woman when I was in college, but that was the first and only time. While showering, I kept thinking about that kiss over and over again and worked myself up to the point I started masturbating in the shower. After coming twice, I washed up and went to bed still thinking about Judy.

The next morning I awoke to the smell of breakfast cooking. I went downstairs to find my father and Judy eating breakfast. Judy was wearing a nightshirt that clung to her body and showed every curve she had. My father was going to play golf for the day so Judy and I would be alone. Crazy thoughts started to run through my mind knowing that we would be alone. My father went upstairs to get dressed. Judy and I were at the table talking. Being the bold person I am, I asked her why she kissed me last night. She said she was just being friendly and didn’t mean anything by it and that if she made me feel uncomfortable she was sorry. She went upstairs and I sat at the table to continue eating. About 30 minutes later my father came downstairs, kissed me good-bye and said to be nice to Judy while he was gone.

Still thinking about that kiss and knowing Judy was lying about that kiss, I went upstairs to find her. I decided that I wanted to see how far I could go with her. She was in the shower. I wanted to go in there to see her naked body, but decided to wait for her on her bed. She came out wrapped in a towel and was startled when she saw me on the bed. I told her that I think she was lying about the kiss and that she wants me. A sly smile came across her face and she said I was right. She dropped the towel and walked over to me. My pussy started to drip the minute she dropped the towel. Her tits are a 40D and she has red pubic hair. She planted a wet kiss on my lips that seemed to last forever. As we kissed, I started to play with her pussy, which was already wet. I opened up her pussy and ran my finger up and down it and inserted a finger. As I finger fucked her, she kissed me harder. I broke away from the kiss and told her to lay on the bed still with my finger in her pussy. She laid down and I immediately started to suck on those 40D’s. She was going crazy, writing like the bitch in heat she is. I sucked those tits as hard and as fast as I could. My finger was going in and out of her pussy with fury. She started to come with such force that I thought the roof was going to come crashing down. After she came, I removed my finger from her pussy and sucked on it. I kissed a trail from her stomach to her wet pussy. I dove straight into her pussy with my hard tongue. I sucked on her pussy lips then moved to her clit, which was rock hard. I hadn’t eaten pussy in about 10 years, but it all came back to me at that moment. I flicked it back and forth, up and down until it was standing straight up. I fuck her with my tongue moving back and forth between her clit and her hole. I could tell she was starting to come as she grabbed my head and pushed it against her pussy. I locked my big lips around her clit and sucked it for all it was worth. She started to shake and came with all her might. She rode my face for what seemed like an eternity. After her orgasm subsided, she released my face from her dripping pussy and pulled it up to her face. She licked all of her come off of my face and sucked her pussy juice from my lips. 

She rolled on top of me and started to suck on my 48DD’s. I was surprised that she was able to put so much of my tit into her mouth. She sucked on my nipple until it was rock hard. She moved to my other tit and traced circles around my nipple with her tongue. She made me come just by sucking on my tits. I told her I wanted my step mommy to eat my black pussy now. She smiled and went straight to my pussy. She went straight to my clit and gave it a sucking like it’s never had. She rolled it between her teeth while finger fucking me. I came on her tongue twice before she lifted her head out of my pussy.

As we lay in the bed holding each other, she asked me how I felt about her now. I told her I now have a reason to like her. We both laughed. We got in the shower and washed each other off both taking the opportunity to taste each other again. We got dressed and went out shopping. While trying on clothes, I had to eat her red pussy once more. It was fun eating her pussy right there in the dressing room knowing that other people were close by. She was able to keep quiet while I ate her pussy, but it was hard. She returned the favor, but I wasn’t able to keep quite as quiet as she did. When we came out of the dressing room, some women gave us some strange looks, but we didn’t care. We went back home and fucked the rest of the day until around the time we expected my father home. Needless to say that was the best vacation I had ever had. We always found time to eat each other’s pussy when my father left to go somewhere. One time she snuck into my room after my father was asleep and fucked me for a few hours before returning to my father.   My stepmother and me talk all the time now. My mother still cannot see why I like this woman or what I see in her, but if she only knew.