 In the first part; Mistress asserts complete control; Mistress Marge was very upset with me. I had made out with my friend Belle, Mistress considered that cheating and decided to assert complete control.

This can be a stand alone story.

To further teach me what her proper place as a submissive in the relation. She decides to take me to two women. Mother daughter to be further punished and learn that complete obedience is the only choice for a submissive.

My story continues..

"Slut I have contacted the mother/daughter I told you about, you will serve them this evening."

"I understand Mistress."

"Now slut, rest. I want you well rested and horny this evening, so don't dare touch yourself. Remember if you make me proud I may grant permission for you to see Belle again. If you like making out with her, you know what to do."

Nevertheless, I was worried and a little scared about the coming evening. I would have no control over anything. I hoped I would make my Mistress proud.

After the afternoon of rest Mistress decided that it was time for the rest of my punishment for cheating.

"It is time to go and get the rest of your lesson bitch, you will always remember that playing with other women without my permission is not something you should do." 

I was scared of what was to come but I knew that I deserved to be punished for my cheating and for my Mistress's pleasure. I knew that I would become her toy to amuse both her and her friends. In a part of my brain, my submitting to this made no sense, yet in another part, because of my erotic needs. I craved this and knew that I would accept my submission to Marge and be whatever she wanted me to be. I realised that not only did I enjoy pain and humiliation, but I needed it. A side of me had been awakened and I realised I could never put it back to sleep.

She picked a dress for me and told me to wear nothing underneath clamped my labia with two clamps joined by a small chain, snapped a leash to my collar and led me to her van.

"Bitch tonight you will be humiliated and made to serve, you will serve well, you will refuse nothing. Your safe word is not an option for you. I will decide if and when you are to be given rest or been punished enough."

"Yes mistress I will make you proud of your slut."

"Now slut the daughter you address as Mistress Janice, the mother is a slut like you, you may address her as Mariette unless told otherwise. She is sometimes allowed to play the dominatrix by her Mistress.

"May I ask how this happened Mistress?"

"Yes the daughter is older than she appears, she is almost twenty-five, The mother is forty four. A couple of year ago. Mistress Janice was out shopping with her dad, she already was a dominatrix by then, they came back earlier than expected and caught the mom being with three guys, The husband kicked her out, she had no place to go, Mistress Janice took her in on the condition that she serve her friends. It turned out that she is submissive, but she also likes to play the Dominatrix. Sometimes Mistress Janice grants her that pleasure."

I was a bit worried on the way, I knew that Mistress was taking me to be played with hard as part of my punishment for my indiscretion with Belle. Would the mother be in the role of a sub or of a dominatrix tonight and would I be the toy of maybe three Mistresses?

Once there, Mistress took me in through the garage, ordered me to remove my dress, cuffed my hands behind my back. Took hold of my pony tail and almost dragged me in the house.

I was taken in a room where two women were sitting on a sofa, both were naked. The younger one must have been Mistress Janice. My mistress was right she looked a lot younger than her twenty-five, I would have guessed barely twenty if I had met her on the street, I would have asked for proof of her age before touching her. She was very petite with very small breasts, the mother was a little older looking carbon copy, except she had bigger breasts. Both were light brown with grey eyes. 

"Slut present yourself. This is the whoring slut that cheated on me with another slut."

I assumed the position which I had been trained to assume in front of them. The Mistress got up, ran her hands over my body I could not help some moans, especially when she rubbed my pussy, I knew better that to move but it was hard remaining still.

"Bend down slut with your hands touching your toes I want to examine you."

I did as ordered all three women rubbed, spanked my ass and inserted fingers in my bum, I was very aroused by this.

"She has got a nice ass, pussy and tits, it will be a real pleasure to help teaching her not to cheat on her Mistress."

"I knew I could count on your help Janice. Considering that she loves to eat pussy so much that she needs to cheat like a common whoring bitch maybe we should give her some satisfaction."

Mistress Janice sent her sub to get a leash, it consisted of a length of chain with a handle at one end. Mistress Janice removed my collar and replaced it with the chain around my neck and clipped it in place with a clamp. Led me to an elevated platform with a mattress on it and rings all around. She laid on her back, pulled me by the chain until my head was between her legs, I had never had a chain on my body before, I found the feeling of the metal very erotic.

"Now slut please me and do a good job, show us how much you love cunts."

I licked her slowly tongue fucked her, sucked her clit as best I could, knowing that Mistress Marge was watching. I did the best I could with my hands cuffed behind my back. Mistress Janice was by this time moaning, holding my head with both hands, she humped my mouth hard I gave her cunt lips bites and sucked her clit hard I was in a world of pleasure, I love making a woman moan and cum. 

"Slut suck my clit I am on the verge of coming. Take all my juice." I did as commanded, I liked pleasing her so much that I had an orgasm too.

"You are not done yet bitch." 

I was made to pleasure all three of them including Mistress I had the taste of their juices in my mouth. It was good and my face was also full of it. I had a few orgasms while I served them.

"You will have to forgive her Janice she is not yet trained enough not to come until permitted. I am working on that with her. It will be her next step, to come on command and only when permitted. It may be difficult with her she comes from the pain."

I was humiliating to hear mistress discussing me in those terms as if I was not there, but I did not have permission to talk so I did not.

Mistress Janice turned to her mother still on the bed took her by the hair pulled her to a sitting position, slapped her tits hard.

"Slut you know what you have to do. Get moving fast!"

She took my chain dragged me to ropes coming down from the ceiling uncuffed my hands and tied them to a rope coming down. Tied my ankles to rings on the floor spreading me. put a belt with rings on it tight around my waist. With another rope coming down, she threaded that rope through a ring on the back of the belt, between my legs and up through the ring in front of the belt and to another ring coming from the ceiling and tied it tight almost lifting me off the floor. It was painful I moaned grunted and wiggled to ease the discomfort but it was also arousing me to no end.

Mistress Marge handed her a flogger.

"You have three minutes to play with her as per your Mistress's permission. Make her scream if you know what is good for you bitch."

She went back to sit next to Mistress Janice on the sofa. 

Mariette used the flogger at first moderately hard on my ass down my thigh and legs all the way to my ankles. She increased the speed and strength on the way up. There was really pain I yelled loudly I did not hold back I also wanted Mistress Marge to be pleased. Every time the flogger came down I jerked and the rope between my legs sent stabs of pain all the way up my vagina, belly up to my tits. I was getting to the point where pain turns to pleasure She knew how to use a flogger well.

Without warning, she brought the flogger hard across my breasts. The pain was intense I not only screamed, I howled and twisted hard in my bonds, this increased the pain in my cunt from the rope. I fleetingly noticed that Mistress and Mistress Janice were making out, finger fucking each other, that made me a little jealous. 

I did not have time to dwell on that. The flogger came down again hard I twisted and screamed again, it came down on my ass and thighs again and again. I orgasm hard and begged for release in one breath and for more in the next, through my screams and tears. Finally she stopped I was shaking all over. I was released from my bounds and taken to the mattress to rest. 

Mistress Janice tied her slut in my place and told Mistress Marge to amuse herself. She came and laid next to me. It was not long before Mistress Marge using a wand and a crop had Mariette screaming with pain and pleasure. This was so hot. I had never seen Mistress playing with another slut before. I was getting real horny. I could tell Mistress was enjoying herself, I was happy for her.

Mistress Janice caressed and sucked my nipples. I was in heaven her hand went to my pussy she rubbed it gently, I humped her hand.

"I hope you are up for some more play slut I like you a lot."

"Yes Mistress Janice. It will be my pleasure to please you and my Mistress."

Seeing Mariette twisting with pain and screaming through her moans was one of the hottest thing I had seen so far. Mistress Janice took my head and brought my mouth to her lovely little tits I licked and sucked them with pleasure. I could take one completely in my mouth I loved that. After some minutes she pushed my head down to her crutch. Her pussy was also small but her lips and clit were engorged and well defined.

This time with my hands free I could finger fuck her ass and cunt while sucking her clit. She moaned grunted and humped her hips hard and fast I was very happy to give her pleasure. So much so that I was on the verge of coming myself when she let go. I drank all her juices and licked her clean. 

I heard moans from the sofa, Mistress Marge had untied Mariette, brought her to the sofa and was making her serve. Mistress Marge came with a load scream. I was happy for her, not jealous, This surprised me.

After Mistress finished being served by Mariette, she tied her to a post next to the bed where I was, Mistress Janice got me on my knees, held my face to the mattress by my hair. Mistress Marge came with a flogger.

"Now bitch some more punishment for being a cheating slut."

I received a hard flogging on my ass and thighs. I was turned around and the flogging continued on my breasts and pussy. I was in a world of my own the pain was giving me pleasures. Knowing I was pleasing two Mistresses increased that pleasure Mistress stopped the flogging just short of me getting an orgasm. I was really disappointed.

"Slut you will not get any satisfaction yet, you already had some pleasure tonight."

I was laid on my back on the mattress with half my ass over the side, Mistress Janice put a chain around my waist and clipped it tight to the rings on the side of the mattress. Two more lengths of chain were clipped to the sides, crossed between my tits and over my shoulders, my wrists and ankles were also chained to the base of the mattress. I never had been chains used to restrain me before. I really felt helpless the eroticism of this aroused me so much I was moaning and begging to cum.

During that time, my Mistress untied Mariette and fitted her with a harness and a big long dong, fitted her with double nipple clamps. As she brought Mariette closer to me I noticed that the dong had little protuberances all over it like half marbles. The other ends of the nipple clamps were attached to my own nipples.

"Now slut this bitch is begging to cum, if you want to cum too, fuck her good until we tell you to stop."

The dildo was long and big I was really filled and the protuberances on it were giving me extreme sensations. Mariette being encouraged by both Mistresses flogging her ass, fucked me hard and fast. I did not moan, I screamed with the pleasure I came again and again Mariette had orgasms too but the Mistresses kept flogging her and commanding her to continue. Finally she was allowed to stop I could hardly breathe I had orgasm so hard, Mariette was spent too, she just collapsed on top of me. We were allowed to recuperate for a while.

Mistress Janice came with two poles that were fitted to holes in the base of the mattress at the foot end. There were hooks on top of the posts, the chains around my ankles were hooked to these, resulting in my buttom being raised about a foot off the mattress. Mariette was again tied to the post, this time with a spreader bar to keep her legs well spread.

Mistress Janice came back with a strap on harness the dildo was fairly big, she worked some lube in my ass and pushed in with one hard push I expelled the air from my lungs took a deep breath and screamed, it hurt. Mistress slapped my tits hard and pulled my nipples twisting them.

"Don't complain bitch this is for our pleasure, not yours."

As Mistress Janice fucked my ass hard, Mistress straddled me and taking a handful of my hair brought my mouth to her cunt, I knew what was expected and tongue fucked licked and sucked her. I was getting orgasms with my ass being fucked. I was almost spent, the orgasm were not so extreme. Mistress came her juices filled my mouth, she then rubbed my face with her pussy smearing my face with the rest of her juices.

This was repeated again with this time Mistress Marge fucking my ass and Mistress Janice making me please her with my mouth, she tasted good Mistress had a screaming orgasm I was spent I could hardly move, I was allowed to rest but not untied.

Mistress Marge came to the mattress with a wand in her hand Mistress Janice had a flogger. I was scared of what was to come, but aroused with the anticipation.

"Now my slutty whoring cheating bitch you will pay for your cheating and learn to never cheat on you Mistress again with another slut without permission."

She let my cunt have the wand I screamed and twisted as much as my chains allowed, Mistress Janice worked my tits and thighs with the flogger The pain was exquisite and intense, Every so often they would let Mariette taste the wand and flogger making her scream too. I was never told what she was being punished for, maybe just for the pleasure of her Mistress. The wand was used on my tits and cunt as was the flogger until I had a few orgasms and was so spent I could no more scream but just twist when the wand or flogger were applied. They left me and worked on Mariette until she was hanging in her bonds.

She was untied, so was I and we were both tied side by side on the mattress with a chain around our neck clipped to rings on the base. Mistress Janice covered us with a blanket.

"You two have been good sluts rest, we will be back."

We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed we did not have the energy left to do anything else. I thought I heard both Mistresses making out in the next room. I fell asleep so did Mariette.

I was awakened by Mistress kissing me there was the smell of coffee and eggs.

"You two slut have been so good that your mistresses decided to fix breakfast. The chain were removed and we all had breakfast together."

"Mistress I will never go with anyone else man or woman without your permission and only for your pleasure I swear. I am yours and only yours."

I was still sore. I hoped there was no more play to come.

"I appreciate that Slut and be assured that in spite of the pain and punishment I bring to you I love you , my other sluts are just sluts. You I love deeply."

Mistress Janice asked Mistress Marge if she would be interested in an exchange of sluts for a week-end. Mistress said the she would consider it. I hoped she would accept I had really liked pleasing Mistress Janice especially her small tits and cunt in my mouth.

Once home Mistress had to talk to me seriously.

"You have been a very good slut I will permit you to see Belle but as I said there is a price. You have no boyfriend at the moment you will not take another boyfriend until I decide to grant you such a permission."

"Your slut will obey Mistress."

"As you know Lise is finished setting her business in Toronto and is coming back in two weeks."

"Yes Mistress she has transferred her financial records to my office I will handle her accounting. I am to fly down and bring her back"

"I know that she took you to a showing in a dungeon and had you serve more than one man at the time. When she gets here, You will submit to her like you did on your visit to her in Toronto. I know she will take you to men so you won't suffer too much from lack of real cocks. Myself I prefer to take you to other women to play, I don't mind letting Lise make sure you get cock once in a while,"

"Yes Mistress I gave myself to you after my cheating I will do as you command at all times."

"Also I may loan you to Mistress Janice I have not made up my mind on that yet."

"If I may ask Mistress will Lise get back to the escort business on her return here?"

"We have discussed this, she probably will and I may join her part time. Jimmy will not accept this so I may end up on the curb if I go through with this. I have not decided yet. Now let's talk freely. No more Mistress or slut for the rest of the week-end you have had your lesson."

"Okay, Marge, I don't mind if you loan me to Mistress Janice or Lise sometimes."

"Thanks Fran that makes my decision easier."

I had my lesson as she said more than she realized. She had asserted full control I was hers and hers alone, I may please others for her pleasure but I loved her and only her. She was my Mistress, my submission to her was complete and of my own free will. 

She did decide to loan me to Mistress Janice in exchange for Mariette for some week-ends.

My experiences with Lise and Mistress Janice I will write about as I have time. 

Fran