 I was not in a good mood when I entered the bar. I had a real bad day and all I wanted to do was have a few drinks and then go home. I sat down in my normal spot and Lisa the bar tender asked me if I wanted the usual, I nodded yes to her. I was on my second beer when this brunette came up and asked if the seat next to me was taken. She had blue eyes that looked like they could change colors at a moment’s notice, so I figured hazel on the blue side. Mine are hazel, but green. She was shorter than I was, but not by much, I'm 5'4.

"It's a free country, if you want to sit there go right ahead."

"Hi, my name is Liana", she said as she took the seat next to me.

"Nice to meet you, my name is Carol." 

All of a sudden my bad day went away, there was something about this woman, and I intended to find out more. 

"I hope your day was better then mine." I said with my best grin on my face.

"Actually, I had a real shitty day." She laughed as she said this.

"Me too, would you like to talk about your day Liana?" 

Again she laughed, "Not really, would you?"

I chuckled, "As you put it, not really." 

We sat in silence for a while, each of us drinking our day away, or at least trying. She finished her drink and I ordered her another one, 7&7, I came to find out. 

"Thank you", she said smiling.

"You're welcome. I don't remember seeing you in here before." I offered as a way of trying to get the conversation going.

"I have been here a few times; I don't normally go to bars."

I was lost in my thoughts of her, could she handle what I wanted to give her? She didn't look like the "type" that would submit to me, but submission was what I wanted, what I needed, what I craved. She intrigued me and I decided to see if she would become my slave. I am a Master, and I wanted this bitch for my slave.

"Does your girlfriend not allow you to come to the bar"? I asked.

"Oh no, I don't have a girlfriend, it's just that......well, I am kind of shy and going to a bar by myself is not something I normally do". She fidgeted in her chair as if she had just revealed some big dark secret to me. 

I knew then that I could, and would take her. I decided to make sure of my thoughts. "I'll be right back, buy me a beer."

I didn’t wait for an answer from her and headed towards the pool table where some friends of mine were. I wanted to watch her, see what she would do. I hugged my friends, Rachel, and Sue, making small talk with them, never taking my eyes off of her. She ordered my beer and glanced at me with a questioning look on her face, which I would take care of later. After I made her submit to me she would learn not to question me with her looks. I made her wait, but not too long, I didn’t want her getting away, she was in a fragile stage of her submission to me. I bid my farewells to my friends as I made my way back to the object of my affections, although I wasn’t sure she would call them that. 

I didn’t sit but stood behind her as I reached my arm across her to grab the beer she bought me. My breasts were pushing into her back and my cheek was just barely touching hers as I whispered, “thank you”.

She flustered a weak, “ you’re welcome“, and I noticed she shivered a little. 

Just then a slow song came on and I grabbed her hand, “dance with me”. I was not asking her, but telling her to dance with me. With her hand in mine she followed me to the dance floor. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her close to me, so close I could feel the heat coming from her body. I ran my hands up her back, ran my fingernails across the back of her neck, then I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back. I looked into her eyes searching for resistance, there was none, so I kissed her softly and she returned my kiss. I released my hold on her hair and grabbed her hips and pulled her into me as I kissed her harder. She grabbed my ass and pulled me into her, kissing me back with the same passion as I was kissing her with. My mind was reeling, I wanted her, I wanted to take her, I wanted her to belong to me. 

I grabbed her hand and led her. She followed me into the bathroom were we were alone. I slammed her up against the wall apparently a little too hard for her tastes cause she had a look of concern on her face. 

I grabbed her arms and pushed them up above her, “hold them there, and don’t move them unless I tell you to”. 

She pushed me away saying, “I am not into this kind of shit, who do you think you are”?

I laughed, grabbed her and slammed her up against the wall, again taking her arms and pinning them behind her, “Oh really? And how do you know that you’re not into this kind of shit”? 

She was mad, I could tell, I could see it in her eyes. I leaned in to kiss her but she pulled her head away from me.

“Fuck you”, she said. 

I pushed my body into her so she couldn’t move her arms from behind her as I released one of my hands; I brought it up and grabbed her by the hair, pulling her head back. I bit and sucked on her neck, all over her neck, I felt her swallow hard and I heard a faint moan. I pulled her hair even harder as my lips came down on hers, she tried to pull away and I pulled her hair even harder. 

“Ouch, you’re hurting me.” 

With my lips still on hers I said, “No, you are hurting yourself cause you are fighting it.” 

I parted her lips with my tongue and kissed her hard, she gave into me then and kissed me back, moaning in my mouth. I released her, and backed away. 

“I thought you weren’t into this kind of shit”? 

She looked at me with an incredulous look on her face, “you are unbelievable, to hell with this, and fuck you.” 

I grabbed her face and held her to the wall, mmmmmm she was so feisty, I was going to have fun breaking her in. 

“Don’t talk to me like that, don’t you ever talk to me like that. If you want to be with me you will obey, and respect me. I will take you places you have never been before sexually, I will love and cherish you, but you must be willing to submit to me. I will be your Master and you will be my slave. The choice is yours; I am leaving in ten minutes.” 

With that, I leaned into her and kissed her passionately, but short, then I turned and walked out the door. 

I sat down at the bar, lit a smoke and continued drinking the beer I ordered her to buy me. Tick tock, tick, tock, she was pushing the ten minutes I gave her and I had to smile to myself at how feisty she was. Little did she know she was turning me on like I had never been turned on before. I could feel the heat and wetness between my legs, damn I wanted her. Five, four, three, two, one.......still no Liana. 

I had to keep my word so I got up and walked out thinking that maybe I should have been a little gentler with my roughness, if there is such a thing. As I walked to my car I had to admit that there was a sadness inside me about losing Liana, a sadness I had never felt before. I tried shaking it off thinking of all the women I had made my slaves, but I couldn’t shake her, I couldn’t get her out of my mind, this was a Master’s worse nightmare. I didn’t even know her, how could she be inside of me like this? 


As I got to my car I heard her say, “I want to try to be your slave, but I am afraid Master.” 

A smile broke on my face bigger then I ever let, and my heart sank further then it ever has. I turned around and leaned up against my car.

“Come here to me.” 

She came to me and I pulled her close, I kissed her softly, wanting her to know that there was also passion and love in this kind of relationship. I looked into her blue eyes, penetrating her with my sexy green eyes.

I grinned at her, “Come home with me and I will teach you on the way about a thing that we call a safe word.” 

She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me, “Take me to your home, and teach me everything.”

Part 2

During the drive we talked about safe words. 

“You need to pick a word that you will say when you just can’t take it anymore, because I am going to take your mind and your body to places you have never been before.” 

I put my hand on the inside of her thigh; slowly I caressed her leg, running my hand down to her knee then back up until my hand was barely touching her pussy. I kept doing this and eventually I felt her hips starting to move towards my ever-elusive hand. She grabbed my hand and shoved it on her pussy, I was outraged and turned on at the same time, this little bitch didn‘t know the first thing about being my slave but I intended to teach her. 

I slammed on the brakes and pulled the car off the road, a startled look came over her face. I could hear the fear in her voice when she said, “What the fuck are you doing?”

I got out and went to her side opening the door, “What did I tell you about talking to me like that? Get out here right now.”

She just sat there looking at me so I undid her seatbelt and grabbed her by the hair pulling her out of the car. I slammed her down on the hood of the car face down and took the handcuffs out of my pocket and put them on her. She was struggling against me so I leaned my full weight into her. 

“You are just making it harder on yourself, now stop it and pick your safe word, or I am going to leave you standing right here.” 

She kept struggling in her restraints so I brought my hand down hard on her ass, one, two, three, four, five times. I grabbed her hair and pulled her back into my body, I kissed the back of her neck, sucking on it, biting it as I slid my hand between her legs teasing her pussy, rubbing it, I could feel the heat and her wetness through her jeans. She let out a small moan as I placed my lips to her ear and whispered, “pick your safe word Liana, so I can take you home and make you mine.”

I ran my hands up her sides and took her breasts in my hands. I rubbed them softly with my palms against them. She was pushing her ass into my pussy, and thrusting her breasts harder into my hands, but she had yet to utter her safe word. I grabbed her nipples and squeezed them hard, “tell me your safe word or I am going to squeeze them so hard you will pass out from the pain.” 

“Ahhhhhhhh, x-files Master, x-files is my safe word.” 

I squeezed them harder pulling them away from her body as I rolled them between my fingers, “x-files it is my love.” 

I turned her around to face me and pulled her into me as I kissed her passionately. I unzipped her pants and pulled them down around her ankles, my face eye level with her sweet pussy. 

“Lean back against the car slave.”

“Yes Master, anything you say.”

I took my fingers and spread her lips exposing her clit to me. I brought my lips right above it not touching it but letting my breath touch it. She thrust her pussy into my lips, “please Master suck it, lick it, please.” 

I slapped her clit and she cried out in pain, “did I tell you to put your pussy on my lips?” 

I slapped it again, three times in a row, “no Master you didn’t, I’m sorry.”

I blew on it to help with the stinging I knew she was feeling. She was so wet and I wanted to taste her so bad. I took her clit into my mouth and nibbled on it with my teeth while I was sucking on it. I ran my fingers across her hole amazed at her wetness, as I moaned into her pussy. I took her wetness and ran my fingers over her asshole rubbing it, wanting so bad to go inside her. I sucked harder on her clit, listening, as her breaths were becoming shorter and faster. I rammed two fingers in her pussy, all the way in with one thrust. I was fucking her pussy relentlessly as I was sucking on her clit. I felt her legs start shaking, “yes, oh fuck me Master, yessssssss, I am going to cum.” I stopped, stood up, and grabbed her into my arms and kissed her hard. 


“You will cum when I say you can and not before.”

I took off the handcuffs, “take your pants off and get in the car.” 

I started driving again, I wanted to get her home, and I wanted to fuck her all night long. I reached over and started rubbing her clit, she was so wet, and my fingers easily glided over her pussy. I started rubbing her clit harder, her hips rocking into my hand, “mmmmmm oh yes, yes, please let me cum.” I slowed down on her clit until I was barely touching it, “put your chair all the way back and put your feet on the dashboard.” She did as she was told; she looked so good, legs spread for me.

“Mmmmmm you look so good Liana, I am going to make you one happy lil slave.”

I got my fingers wet in her juices and put two fingers in her pussy. Slowly I started thrusting my fingers in and out of her pussy. She was using the dashboard as leverage and was slamming her pussy into my hand, “fuck me harder, please, I want you to give it to me hard Master.”

I thrust my fingers in her hard and as deep as I could, “ahhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, oh yes.” I took my fingers out of her, “oh no Master, please don’t do this to me, I need to cum, you can’t fucking do this to me.”

I slapped her clit hard, the sound of my hand on her pussy filling the car. 

“What did I tell you about talking to me like that?” 

I slapped it again, a little harder then the last one. “Answer me slave bitch.” 

She cried out in pain, “oh god Master, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, please don’t hit me again.” 

She had put her hand in front of her pussy, “move your hand, now.” 

She didn’t move her hand, “no Master, I am afraid.”

I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her into a sitting position, “let’s get one thing clear slave bitch, don’t you ever say no to me again, the only no you have so to speak is your fucking safe word and if you use that word too often or too soon I will take you back to the bar I found you in.” 

I let go of her hair and grabbed her nipple squeezing it hard, “now put your fucking pants on and sit up, as far as I’m concerned you don’t deserve to cum.” 

She started crying as she was putting her pants on, I pulled the car over once again and I could see her tense up. I took her face into my hands, “don’t cry, for all the pain I bring to you, know that I will bring you that much more pleasure.” I kissed her softly; gently sucking on her tongue, nibbling on her lips as my hands softly caressed her face. She kissed me harder and our moans met half way in our mouths, kissing like we were. 

We started driving again, my hand never leaving her pussy, rubbing it hard over her jeans, then lightly. I kept running my hand all the way down between her legs until I would get to her asshole, then I would rub it hard, I wondered if she knew how bad I wanted to take that ass of hers. I wondered if she was an ass virgin. She never objected to me touching her there, but I wasn’t sure if that’s cause she had pants on or if she was too afraid to, possibly both. 

She seemed to have read my mind, “Master, no one has ever touched me there.”

“You are going to belong to me Liana, and I am going to take your ass along with everything else.”

“But Master, I don’t want it there”

Once again I had to pull the car over, she was starting to piss me off. I reached in the glove compartment and pulled out a ball gag and shoved it in her mouth and tied it. “I will do with you what I please, and since you don’t know how to shut the fuck up this is what you get, now bend over and grab your ankles.” 

I took one pair on handcuffs and put it on her wrist and attached it to her ankle, then I did the other side too. 

“Now you can sit there and think about being a good obedient slave.” 

I knew we only had about ten minutes left before we got to my house, just long enough for her to be uncomfortable. My pussy was drenched, I was so into this woman, I knew in my heart that I could fall in love with her, wanted to fall in love with her. I wondered what was going through her mind, wondered if she felt the same about me. I shook off those thoughts as we pulled into my driveway, there would be time for that later. Right now all I wanted was to fuck her into submission. 

I got out and released the cuffs from her ankles but I left them on her wrists. I removed the gag and wiped the spit from her mouth then I kissed her like I had never kissed her before. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her close to me and kissed her like I had loved her for an eternity. My eyes found hers and I smiled, she smiled back at me. 

“Are you going to be a good girl now?”

“Yes Master, do with me as you please.”

I took her hand and led her into my house.

Part 3

I was getting impatient because she had been in the bathroom for what seemed a very long time. Hell, for a minute there I thought maybe she had jumped out the window and ran away into the night. I walked down the hall to see what she was up to. I heard the water running, she was showering for me, what a good lil slave she was. I had to smile to myself cause I hadn’t removed the cuffs from her wrist, she must be having a hell of a time washing herself with them on. 

I took off my clothes and joined her in the shower. I pulled her against my body, she felt good, I wanted her so bad. 

“Did I tell you that you could take a shower in my house?”

“No you didn’t Master, but I thought you would want me clean.” 

She smiled at me, her blue eyes burning into mine. I kissed her, gently pulling her hair. She dug her fingernails into my ass and pulled my pussy into hers. I pulled her hair harder and kissed her neck, I sucked on it hard until I left a mark on her, my mark, from this day forward she would belong to me, tonight I was going to make her mine. 

Our passion for one another was intensifying. I was biting her neck, her shoulders, her jaw line. Each time we kissed it was harder and more passionate then the one before it. She was digging into my ass so hard that I knew she was leaving a mark. Our pussy’s were slamming so hard together that I thought for sure we were going to break our pelvis bones. God, I wanted her, I could barely take it anymore. I squeezed her breasts together and took both nipples in my mouth. I sucked on them gentle at first, then harder as the passion I felt for her started to over take me. I was flicking them with my tongue, she grabbed my head and pushed me harder into her breast, I started biting them, rolling them between my teeth. 

Her pussy, which was no longer in contact with mine, was thrusting into the air, as if searching for pleasure. I grabbed her nipples with my fingers and squeezed them hard pulling them from her body as I resumed my attack on her mouth. I kept squeezing and kissing as she moaned into my mouth. I felt her body start to tremble and for a moment I thought she was going to cum. I slammed her against the wall of the shower and took the handcuffs and cuffed her to the bar I had installed in there. 

She smiled and said, “I knew that’s what that was for.”

“What a smart lil slave you are, now don’t go anywhere, I’ll be right back.”

“Ahhhhh, oh Master, please don’t leave me here.”

I slapped her clit, “ahhhhhh, ohhhhh, yesss, I’m sorry Master.”

“Don’t make me gag you again.”

“No Master, I’ll be good, I promise”

I slapped her clit again and got out of the shower.

I had originally planned on taking her in my bed. I was going to tie her up to it and fuck her like the slave bitch she is. But since this opportunity presented itself I would take her in the shower. I didn’t have a problem with that, hell, I had that shower specially made for just this kind of fun. I called it my walk in shower. There were other gadgets in that shower that I planned on introducing Liana to. It even had it’s own water heater. I went to the drawer and pulled out a blindfold. I got back into the shower and grinned at her, she grinned back at me and I kissed her lightly. 

“I see you are starting to like this my love.”

“Oh yes I am Master, very much so.”

I put the blindfold on her and kissed her again, harder this time. I squeezed her nipples harder than I ever had.
