 Chapter 6 - Their First Time

I woke up feeling wonderful, for many different reasons. My sleep addled brain was trying to figure out why I was feeling so gooood, but once I was fully alert I then realised why. I was with my love, my Amy and her hand was gently fondling my breast. I could also feel her grinding against my ass, she was very wet, my nightie must have ridden up to my waist during the night, and even though I was still wearing panties I could feel her arousal. I knew I was wet, I could feel the wetness as I rubbed my legs together to help relieve some of the tension in my pussy. It needed attention, but I was in a quandary, do I do something about it or just pretend to be asleep. Honesty was always the best policy.

"Amy, are you awake?" She stopped what she was doing. "Please, don't stop" I asked happily. The movements began again.

"Busted! Sorry about that, I was asleep then found myself with my hand on your breast and I was rubbing myself against you, it felt too good to stop." I moaned at her statement. I suddenly realised I really did trust her, enough to not stop her.

"You're making me feel so horny. I can feel your wetness as you rub against me." I knew then what I wanted, what I think we both wanted. I gently took hold of her hand, stopping her movements; I guided her hand slowly down my body. "You are making me extremely happy and excited. Feel?" And with that I slipped our hands inside my panties. Parting my legs slightly, I guided her hand over my pussy and started moving her hand to rub against it. We both moaned then. "Can you feel it Amy?" She was now nibbling on my neck moaning, she was moving faster against me, while her hand slowly began to touch my pussy. I removed my hand from my panties, leaving her hand to continue its exploration. I slowly turned around so I was facing her. Her eyes locked onto mine, I saw love but I was also hit by the gaze of her desire, so clearly displayed on her face. I slipped my leg between hers, until my thigh hit her pussy. I moved my hand to below the hem of her nightie and slipped it underneath. Moving my hand along her thigh I continued until I cupped her bare ass. My emotions heightened as I began to lose myself as I touched her, her hand was still rubbing gently against my pussy, still exploring. Grabbing a firm hold of her ass, I began to move her lower body against my thigh, her pussy rubbing gently against my skin. We were still holding our gaze, our breathing began to increase. Her fingers slowly slipped inside. I could feel the slight hesitation.

"I love you Amy." Trying to convey to her that I did not want to stop.

"Are you sure?"

"I love you so much; I am ready for you Amy."

"I love you too Sophie, I need you inside me, now." And with that she took my hand from her ass and guided it between her legs.

"Stop?" I asked. "Naked!" And with that we both slowly moved apart. Kneeling close together, I reached out and cupped her cheek, stroking it with my thumb. She did the same, both of us reminded of the first time we kissed. We looked intently into each others eyes, displaying our love for each other. I learned forward, as did she and our lips met into a kiss. The kiss was gentle at first but then our lips parted and our tongues reached out to touch the other. The kiss became more passionate and more heated as we became one in our need to show just how much we loved the other. We touched and caressed each others bodies, over our nightie's, until Amy reached the hem of mine. I raised my arms up and broke the kiss. She lifted my nightie over my head until it was off and she threw it behind her, onto the floor. She raised her arms above her head and I quickly lifted her nightie off her body, and flung it behind her to land near to my discarded nightie. I then shuffled around a little bit and eventually was out of my panties. We both looked at each other, then our eyes began to explore the others body. It was still early but the dawn light was breaking gently through the thin curtains, bathing us in a haze of light, just enough to see each other.

"You are so very beautiful Sophie" said Amy, "I have not seen many women naked, but you simply take my breath away." She began to run her hands over my body exploring and feeling the contours that made up my body. It was very erotic. "So very soft, I love you very much." I wrapped my hands behind her neck and pulled her gently towards me, kissing her softly but passionately as my tongue traced her lips, her teeth and her tongue. We gently lied back down upon the bed, still kissing. We rested our heads on the pillow and stretched our legs to get comfortable. Our bodies drew closer together, but still giving room to explore each other. My hands were rubbing her back and ass, while hers were exploring my breasts. We stopped kissing and just smiled at each other.

"I am very happy to be here Sophie."

"Me too, I don't ever want to be with anyone else, this has to be the most perfect moment ever." She nodded in agreement.

"I don't want to be a virgin anymore Sophie, I want you take it."

"I am honoured that I can be your first Amy, that shows a lot of trust and love. I want you to take mine also, I am ready. Together." She nodded again.

"Forever, my love." she added. Even though this was new to us, we both knew what was going to happen next. We had discussed this when we were reading the stories. When a man has sex with a woman, he takes her virginity usually when he the first enters woman's vagina with his penis We wanted to build to the moment, we agreed we would tell each other when we were ready to have our hymens broken.

We both started kissing again, as my hands moved to the front of her body, towards her centre, hers moved lower, leaving my breasts, past my stomach and eventually sliding her fingers through my pubic hair, passed my clit and gently into my slit. Even though this was going to be one of the greatest moments of my life, I was still very nervous. We both agreed that in life, everything that is the first time for someone is a nervous time. Sometimes a person is taught how to do it the first time, and other times they have to just take a risk and try it. So even though we were going to find out together what to do, now that we had spontaneously decided to make love now, we were jumping head first into the unknown. But the moment my fingers rubbed her pussy and two of them gently eased inside of my lover, all the nervousness and doubts left my mind. We had both masturbated so we knew where and how to touch each other. But in the end, all that really mattered is that we were together, showing each other our love and trust, we were sharing an important moment that neither of us would ever forget. So I stopped thinking and concentrated on just sharing my love and experience and enjoying our first time together.

I could feel her fingers, one of them, move gently in and out of me. We were still kissing, but our breathing had radically increased and keeping our lips together was becoming difficult. So we stopped and just watched each others faces, watching each other as we built to our first mutual orgasm and ready to take each others virginity. My moaning had increased as did hers. "Another finger Amy?" And then I felt a second finger join the first, two fingers now moved in and out. My own fingers were moving faster now, her juices running, making my fingers move easily inside of her. She was moaning more loudly the faster I moved. A few times I felt the wall of her hymen, but it wasn't the right time to go further.

"Oh Sophie, you feel so good, use your thumb on clit, please." I moved my thumb and running it over her nub, rubbing it gently, as my fingers continued there movements. I started to move the fingers around inside, when I hit a spot, Amy shuddered and moaned loudly. "Right there baby, keep rubbing that spot, oh god, I am so close." She began to rub my clit with her thumb. My breathing suddenly began to become erratic as my moans became louder.

"Oh Amy, so good, don't stop, I'm close, so close. Oh god I love you so much." Her own fingers began to explore my insides until she hit the spot I had found in her pussy.

"Oh, right there Amy, keep rubbing there, oh god, fuck me baby, I'm ready, Amy, I'm ready to be yours fully."

"Me too, oh Sophie, god I love you."

"Love you too." And with that our fingers began to increase in speed and power, the intensity grew, harder and harder we pushed until we both broke through. We both screamed as we came together. My eyes had shut, but not before I saw her cum. It was electrifying to see that, for me to feel my love as my fingers were held tight in her pussy, as I felt her whole body shudder. My body was doing the same; I was drowning in the most glorious feeling, more than I have ever felt when I masturbated. My eyes were tightly shut, causing a kaleidoscope of colours to appear. We mumbled words of love as we try to calm our body's strong reaction to our mutual orgasms. I started to continue rubbing her clit to get her to come again. I opened my eyes as she started to do the same to me. There were tears in her eyes, it was then I noticed my own as they slid down my cheek. We were still moaning.

"Amy, oh god, I love you, that was amazing, I need to come again, please I need to make this moment last for as long as possible."

"God Sophie, what you do to me, I love you so much, keep going." I leaned in and kissed her, and then I moved downwards, quickly latching onto her nipple with my teeth, not too hard, but hard enough to have her scream my name again. I stopped biting, and just gently suckled her nipple. After a moment I stopped and pulled back. Once she was able to see straight, see did the same to me, taking my nipple and gently but firmly nibbling on it. My own body started to convulse as I came again. "Oh Amy, baby, oh god. Oh fuck baby so good." Eventually it became too much and I passed out.

Eventually I awoke; it must have been only a few minutes because I was still breathing quite hard. But now I was on my back, my hand that had been inside her rested at my side. My other hand was wrapped around Amy as she rested her head against my left breast. I could feel her breath against my nipple. If I weren't so drained I would have moaned. Instead I just started to feed my fingers through her hair and rubbed gently at her scalp and neck. I kissed her head. But we were both tired now and eventually were just closed our eyes, before I was asleep I managed to whisper to my Amy.

"Thank you, I love you Amy."

"Love you too Sophie, and thank you. I'm glad you were my first."

"Me too, sweet dreams my love." And we snuggled closer and let Morpheus take us to dreamland.

I awoke again for the third time of the day, very comfortable but I had to move. Isn't it always the same, just when your body is in the perfect position, especially as your lover is sleeping soundly on your chest, and you don't wish to disturb them, life can be cruel? Well I definitely needed a piss so I had to move.

"Amy, wake up, I need you to move, please." I was trying to be gentle, but with no sign of life, I had to start to shake her, while repeating her name.

"Stop it Sophie, trying to sleep." she mumbled.

"I need you to move, I need the toilet."

"To comfortable, can't you hold it?"

"No, unless you want to try water sports, I suggest you move." I had learnt quite a few terms like pussy, clit, water sports, anal, cunt and some others that clued me in on some of the more explicit names that people use, do or call during sex. Pussy was my favourite, it sort of made me an adult, and when Amy said it, it was a turn on to see my teacher sound so naughty, I am giggling like a school girl inside. Although I had yet to hear her tell me to 'fuck her', I would entice her a little, later.

"That is disgusting, not to sound afraid of trying new things with you, that is just one I'd rather not try." She said, but I could hear a hint of humour as she remained where she was.

"Then move you beautiful naked ass." Then I pushed her of my arm and ran naked to the toilet. I did not even close the door. I watched as she crawled out of bed and came towards me, while I was taking a very much needed piss. She learned down and kissed me.

"Thank you again for earlier this morning, it was simply the greatest way of waking up, making love to you. Do you mind if I grab a shower?"

"No, go ahead; I'll join you in a second. Just to remind you, I love you very much Amy, I have never come so hard, and after our shower I plan on using my mouth to communicate how much I love you and your totally sexy and beautiful body."

"So it not just my ass you like."

"Well I can definitely tell that you are into women's asses, you were humping me pretty hard this morning."

"I couldn't help it; you do have a sexy naked ass also. And I love you too, and your mouth can do anything it wants, as long as you don't forget to use your tongue also." She winked at me, it was so nice. Amy stepped into the shower and after a minute of watching her I stepped in with her.

"I have to say Amy that this morning has to be the greatest ever, in fact it was so amazing, I reckon that I could just cum remembering it."

"Well, I am very glad you enjoyed it. It certainly was indescribable the full list of emotions and feelings I experienced, but it felt beautiful, loving and so utterly amazing, I just feel so alive."

"It is a good feeling. Amy do you know what else I noticed?"

"No, what?"

"Just waking up a few minutes ago, to ending up here, I noticed some differences, did you?" She thought about it for a few moments.

"Turn around." I asked. "I'll wash your back and then your hair." I grabbed some shower gel and began to soap her back.

"I don't get it, what's different?"

"We are." I gave her ass a quick soaping, even gave her pucker a quick prod. It made Amy giggle.

"Did you just giggle like a little school girl."

"Your the little school girl, I am just making up for misspent youth. It was quite a weird giggling feeling when you prodded my asshole. Turn around and I will show you." I gave her the shower gel and turned around. She washed my back first.

"So how are we different, apart from neither of us are virgins anymore? By the way, that did not hurt as much as I thought, in fact, I hardly noticed it."

"Yes, I noticed that, it was like the pleasure of cumming at the same time as the pain of the hymen breaking, cancelled each other out. Or we could be into kinky pain, like when I bit you nipple and you screamed my name. By the way, later I want you to tell me to fuck you; I need to hear my teacher's dirty potty mouth."

"Even though you are teasing about being kinky, that bite really did turn me on." By now she was soaping my ass, then she slipped her finger in, and then I giggled like a school girl, well like me really.

"Ok, so it has certain giggle affect. I agree about nipple biting, maybe it is in all of us to do things we would not normally do, and for people to be turned on by things that in a normal setting would just never occur to us to do, sex just seems to bring out the very kinky side of us. Maybe sometime in the future, you might beg me to piss on you."

"I am telling you now, no yellow stuff in our bed."

"What about the shower?"

"Well, it still sounds disgusting but as you say, during sex you lose all inhibitions, so anything is possible."

"Maybe you could go to a shop and pick up a book on all the different names and positions people can do during lesbian sex. What do you reckon, we could try them out."

"Not a bad idea, but I'll leave it for now, I think I just want to discover as much as possible, together, with you."

"Well that's a given, but one day, if you see one, pick it up." She was washing my hair now. Lathering my hair and rubbing my scalp, it was very relaxing. "Oh Amy, washing my hair never felt so good. Your fingers feel so good." She rinsed my hair then conditioned it, once finished I turned, handing me the shampoo, I began washing Amy's hair. She stayed facing forward and held my waist for support as I washed her hair.

"Sophie, are you going to tell me what your young brilliant mind has figured out, because I have no clue?"

"Yes Amy, I will, but I like making you squirm a little."

"You like making me sweat you little tease."

"Yes I do, in more ways then one, and would you please stop calling me little."

"I can't help it; you're smaller than me, in everyway. But don't worry, over the next few years I'm sure you'll out grow me, and only then will I stop."

"You are so cute when you squirm, you know that?" She pouted. "I think I should keep it to myself, unless you just think for a moment about everything we have said and done this morning, and also what we have not said as well. A little clue there, just walk through what happened after we just woke up."

"Ok, you told me to move my naked ass."

"Beautiful." I interjected.

"Thank you; I did move my beautiful naked ass. Well I had to after you almost pushed out of bed; it is a single after all."

"We'll get a bigger one soon. So I went to the toilet, next?"

"Well I thought about having a shower, and thought you might want to share it with me, save on water."

"You are so thoughtful, but I believe that sharing actually will mean we use more water."

"You have point. Anyway, I came in, kissed you to say thank you, and came in the shower, then you said you noticed a change."

"Ok, well obviously I have to explain all this to you."

"Well obviously if I don't know, then you will have to explain it like a teacher."

"So does that mean you're the student?"

"Yes Miss, that is correct."

"Does that mean I get to smack you if you're naughty?"

"Kinky, but teachers smacking students went out during the sixties."

"Spoilsport." I kissed her softly. "I have 3 options, we can either continue this discussion over breakfast, we can stay in this shower, but what I have to say will take a while, or we can finish cleaning, dry off and sit on the bed, naked."

"How about option 4?"

"What's option 4?" She leaned in and kissed me on the lips, then moved to my cheek, eventually kissing around to my ear. She seductively whispered in my ear, sending chills down my back.

"Well we can finish cleaning, dry off, sit on your bed naked, show me what you mouth and tongue can do to me, and then dress, then have breakfast and chat." I did not even bother to agree. We were both clean enough I thought, so I switched off the shower, took her hand and dragged her to bed. I did not care that we were wet, I was so turned on. I pushed her onto the bed, her legs dangling over the edge. I got down on my knees, spread her legs and just dived in. No nervousness or thoughts about what I wanted to do, I just did what I wanted, because I knew she wanted it to. My first taste of her was a weird sensation, both satisfying but there was also something else. The need in me needed to taste every part of Amy, to bask in all of her. Like her smell, it was already imprinted in my brain, but her arousal, her wetness, her inner Amy was what I really wanted. I wanted to taste that that only Amy could produce; I wanted to taste her essence. It was like sharing saliva, but these juices were created, because I aroused her. I licked around her pussy, kissing her thighs, exploring before I made a real effort to make her cum.

"Oh Sophie, please baby, I need you now." I could just see her face, between the valley of he breasts. I parted her lips and slid my tongue up and down her slit. Her moaning guided me as I tried to tease her, but also learning what really drives her wild. I stuck my tongue deeply into her slit, not moving just sticking it in. Then I closed my lips around hers and French kissed her pussy as deeply as I could. Her moaning was now constant; she started to hump my face. I held her hips, holding on, and then I moved my tongue, up. I knew she needed me to make her come soon and I wanted that because, I needed my own release pretty soon, and only Amy could do that, doing it myself would never compare to the pleasure Amy could give me. I found her clit and licked it a couple of times, then I bit it, pretty hard in fact, luckily not to hard, but enough for her to scream my name.
