 Part 11 - Good Morning

I awoke feeling wonderful. I looked at the clock and noted it was 6.36am. During the night Amy had spooned behind me, it was our first proper night as a couple. When we first slept together Saturday night, we weren't as comfortable, especially as we had not had sex yet, but now we just were. Our future was set, together, and even though I had grown with little experience of being close to people, I had adapted to the changes very well. Even now at the start of our fifth day together, we had managed to achieve more than most couples in a year, but it all just felt so normal to us. Amy was stirring now. We had fallen in love over the last few years, admitted it to each other, kissed, told our parents, who adopted my partner, then she moved in and now was our first morning as a proper live-in couple, we were almost married. It was the most wonderful feeling, and from now on there would never be a time I would not miss waking up with Amy. I felt light kisses to my neck and shoulder.

"Morning sweetheart. Last night was amazing and this morning I just feel so wonderful."

"Morning my love, me too, I was just thinking about how much better I feel now that I have you next to me, I always want that with you."

"It seems we woke up before the alarm." Amy said. I looked behind me at her and saw the grin on her face. "We have about 30 minutes before we need to get ready and leave, do you think we can try a 69 and get each off as quickly as possible?"

"If you are sure we will have time, I'm game." I turned around to the opposite end of the bed and moved quickly on top off Amy, pushing my pussy as close to her mouth as possible. As soon as I felt her mouth latch onto my pussy, I looked at hers and dived in. We had no real time to explore so I copied Amy, as I was getting really close quickly. I could feel her tongue lick up and down my slit, while her thumb stroked my clit. Her other hand managed to grasp my ass, pulling the cheeks apart and she rubbed her finger tip to the edge of my hole. It was a glorious feeling, I did the same accept I could not get my fingers towards her ass, so I stuck two fingers in her pussy and as fast as I could, tried to get her off. It took about 20 minutes before we both came, and after we rested a little we went and quickly shared a shower. I say quickly, 15 minutes is pretty quick when you both are trying to clean, while the other is also trying to play. I had to be the one to end it, by slapping Amy's ass, and very carefully because the floor was wet, tried to make my escape, she caught me as I reached the bed. We had a little bit of fun play fighting while still wet, and after a quick kiss we decided play time was over and dried ourselves quickly before dressing for the day. It was nearly 7.30am before we were both ready to go.

We headed downstairs; thankfully our parents were already up and had a cooked breakfast ready for us both.

"Morning mom, morning dad." We both greeted before kissing them both on the cheek. It was all so naturally done.

"Morning you two, sleep well I hope?" Asked mom.

"Wonderful, it felt so good to wake up with Amy, I feel wonderful this morning, ready and raring to go and get to school."

"When will you be leaving Amy?" Asked dad.

"I am ready to go, normally I would have left by now, but somebody or shall remain kept me distracted."

"I didn't hear you complain at the time, and if I remember rightly, it was you who was distracting me." I said and Amy just stuck her tongue at me.

"I will just eat this wonderful breakfast you have made for me, thank you, and then I will go."

"You're welcome Amy, this is normal for your dad and I in the morning, a big breakfast is a good way to start the day, so expect it every morning, but should you want anything special just let me know?"

"I don't think I could argue too much about it, and I do appreciate your offer, though I would say I prefer just a bowl of cornflakes in the morning, I get pretty bloated, especially after a big fry up like this." Mom and dad always had sausage, bacon, scramble eggs and toast in the morning, and something really healthy in the evening. It was a good balance but maybe Amy was right, they could try a more healthy option in the morning.

"I actually think we should all try that, something simple and healthy in the morning, so maybe we should all try just having cereal for a month, see how we feel." Mom agreed, dad was not too happy, but 3 women against him, he was not going to win, so he agreed reluctantly.

"If you want dad, I'll make something for dinner tonight? I finish work early today, about 3, so I have time to visit the supermarket on my way home and have dinner ready by about 6, would that be ok with everyone?" We all agreed. Again, see how wonderful she is, how she thinks so much about others. Amy was soon finished, gave me a quick kiss, then said farewell to us all and left. God I missed her already. Mom and dad slipped out about 10 minutes later, along with me as I made my way to Melissa's house.

She was waiting for me when I got there, we both smiled as we greeted each other and then I hugged her. We slowly began the walk to school so we had a chance to talk before we got there.

"So did you do anything last night?" Asked Melissa, almost making me blush as I thought of Amy's finger in my ass. Since meeting Melissa I had many thoughts about how to explain to her about what I do in my spare time, now that I had Amy. I was not going to lie, but I was not going to mention Amy, if I could help it, so felt the easiest thing to tell her, was something very simple. Along the lines of.

"Nothing much, read, talked to family, homework, normal stuff really, what about you?"

"Same, though I don't talk to my family much, just listened to some music while I did my homework." She seemed pretty sad.

"Melissa, I feel we will be best friends, don't you agree?"

"Well I already feel close to you, even after a day. It is difficult to meet new people, but you have made it really easy, and I have seen you around school for the last few years so I know you are sincere when you say we are friends, so I agree, why?"

"Well not to pry, but I feel that if you see me as a friend you could talk to me about anything, you know get things out in the open, talk about your fears and feelings. I have done a lot of that, mainly this past weekend, so I know how effective it can be. So will you tell me why you had a negative reaction towards me when we first met or why you seem distant from your parents?" We continued to walk, but Melissa remained silent, not ignorant or angry as such, just mulling things over in her head.

"I will, but later, maybe we can meet for lunch again, you know where I sit, just meet me there."

"Melissa, from now on I can always meet you at your spot for lunch, I would rather sit and eat with you then doing it alone in the canteen." This made her smile a little. "I will be there, but again, you do not have to answer my questions, I just wanted to ask so that at least if it is something you want to talk about, then I am really good at listening." She nodded and we talked about the latest book we were reading. We eventually got to school around 8.15am, still plenty of time before class, but we agreed to just head for our classes and wait for school to start. I did not have a class with Amy today, so apart from maybe catching her in the hallways I would not really need to worry about how to act today. Besides after yesterday, it wouldn't be that hard, all I need to do is think about finishing school and getting home to her.

My morning lessons went well; I handed in any homework due and got started on any new homework given. I spent my spare time just getting it done now so that when I got home I could spend time with Amy, but I did have a thought about what she does in terms of working at home, because I did not want to disrupt her time, but that also led to another question, about not crowding each other and letting each other do our own thing. I headed to the canteen to grab something to take out, settling on a ham and cheese sandwich, with an orange juice to drink. I made my way to Melissa's grassy knoll. She was there when I arrived and took a seat next to her.

"Hi Melissa, how has your day been?"

"Not to bad, for some reason I have wanted to see you though. My mind has been on what you asked earlier and now I think I am ready to talk." She seemed very nervous and panicky.

"Melissa, please do not worry. You do not have to tell me anything you don't want to, I am only concerned that you might need to talk about things. Do not feel like you are obligated to tell me, we are friends, we can be friends for ever if you want, whatever you tell me or not tell me, is up to you. So don't feel pressured if I ask a question you do not want to answer, you can say you would rather not, and I will accept that answer. But there maybe times when I ask again later, but you can always tell me to back off and I will not hate you for it. There are many things that I do not feel ready to tell you, some a secrets nobody can know, and one day I may trust you enough to tell you. So tell me, don't tell me, it's up to you." I really was not trying to pry into her personal life, my feelings for Melissa were purely of friendship, and I wanted her to know that I could be trusted, but also that if I could help, I would.

"My real dad left about 5 years ago, my mum said he was a deadbeat and so was forced out. She has since remarried and my step-dad just hates me, but only when mum is not around to hear it. My Mum thinks she hit the jackpot, a real man not like my real dad. I have since found out that mum was sleeping with this man way before dad left, and wanted him out so she could move Derek in. I have tried to get in touch with dad, I never believed the things she said when she bad mouthed him. I just want him to take me away, I do not like living with my mum. Most of my family live miles away and I don't even think I know any of them well enough for them to consider helping me. When you approached me yesterday I have been afraid to make new friends, I did have some friends before coming here, but people knew what my mum was like and how she treats people, like where she works for instance, they hate her. So a lot of my friends stopped talking to me, so I would not blame you if you do not want to be friends now, my mum could mean trouble for you." I hugged Melissa close, what she said deeply saddened me, I could see the pain in her eyes, but there was a lot of anger as well that she had bottled away. She tried to break from the hug, but she needed this, she needed to know I was not leaving her. After a few struggles she eventually stopped fighting and suddenly held tight on to me and started crying. The bell went at this time, signalling the end of lunchtime, but I kept the embrace tight. I made soothing sounds, still reminding her that I was still here and to let it out. I felt we could skip next class which is maths and as we were both top students, skipping one lesson would not hurt. I helped Melissa to her feet and slowly guided her towards the nearest toilet to clean up.

"Thank you." Melissa said.

"What for?" I asked

"For standing by me, for being a friend. My life has been very lonely and still will be until I get away from my mum, but I am very happy now that I have someone who is going to be my friend."

"Melissa, until last Friday, my life was simple, I never needed a friend. But now I have two of them and I have never been happier, I need friends, we all do, but you both seem to have similar problems with family and people around you. Now that both of you are now my friends and you are both happy that I am with you, that makes me feel so special. Melissa, my family talk to each other, about things that are important, whilst yours seem to treat you as nothing; you probably spend a lot of time trying to be by yourself, with no one to share your problems with." She nodded in agreement. "Well you're not alone anymore. Not only will you have me as a friend and be by your side whenever you need me, but there is also someone else who has a similar life to yours. Her best friend abandoned her and this had a very negative effect on her. Until now she has needed a friend but has let her fears stop her from trying. Now you both have me, and I will never let anyone hurt you if I can. I really want to help you if I can, but it will be difficult, but together we can do anything." You know, I am so new to this friendship thing, I always wondered if I could talk to other people and what we would talk about, but currently I sounded like the Dalai Lama, all this good advice must come from somewhere. I suppose when you learn to speak the truth and from the heart, you become more aware of what is right or wrong. Even though society says what Amy and I have is wrong, it is love, and when has love been wrong, when both parties believe it.

"You really mean that don't you, that you are willing to help me?" Ask Melissa, searching my eyes for any sign of dishonesty.

"Yes I am."

"But why would you do this?"

"Because we all need someone, sometimes. I think I was lucky in some ways. Tragically I lost my sister a few years ago, but she gave me and my parents some good advice. She told us that as long as we believed in ourselves, were honest and true, we could live a happy life, and my parents allowed me the freedom to live my life as I choose, and that they will always be near me when I need them. But you never had that opportunity, and if you want my help, I would like to pass that wisdom to you, and if you need anything, just ask and I will try and support you the best I can. And if ever I need anything, then maybe one day you can be there for me."

"So how do you think you can help me, because if you can it would mean more to me then anything in the world. Things at home have slowly gotten worse lately, I can't really explain how I know, but something is wrong, my mum is hiding something from me, something dangerous. And even though I am 18, I feel that if I even try and leave, it will not be good for me to do so. For that reason I feel bad that I am getting you involved."

"I do understand that you talking about this to me, puts us both in a bad situation, but do not worry, we are just talking, it will be all kept discreet, so your mum should never find out. I will talk to my dad, if you don't mind me telling him a few things, I will be very discreet, but he is a lawyer and he maybe able to offer some good advice, especially on finding your father, my parents may even know him. I will see what I can find out."

"Thank you Sophie." She was crying again, as was I, it felt good to be helping Melissa. I hugged her again. The bell went again to signal end of lessons. We sought out and apologised to our maths teacher before heading off to our next class. We agreed to meet after school again and walk home together.