 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

My friends and I had rented a cottage for the weekend. In the hours following our arrival, I had fantasized about two of my friends. First, I had pictured myself having sex on the beach, then I had imagined myself being fingered to climax in the lake. But no matter how hot my friends were, that was the end of my fantasy-filled day. Luckily, I still had a full day left to relax and fantasize.

A wide yawn parted my lips as I awoke. My internal clock is set to wake me up at a precise time each morning and it is extremely rare that I sleep in, even on days off. Luckily for my tired body, that day was one of the rare exceptions.

"Wow!" I gasped as I glanced at my watch and realized it was almost eleven. I had not slept in so late in years and I must admit, it felt good. Still, this weekend had not been free and I was determined to enjoy it fully.

A few minutes later, I was up and about. I searched the cottage, but it was empty. Assuming my friends were already up and about, I headed down to the lake. I expected to find all four of them enjoying the refreshing water, but only one of them was present. And swimming was clearly the farthest thing from her mind.

"Wow!" I softly gasped as I spotted her lying on the dock. She was sunbathing. Topless.

I stopped, mid-stride and focused on my friend—for the purposes of this story, let's call her Nikki. Though her bikini top was nowhere to be seen, she lay on her stomach, so her breasts still remained out of sight. I could see a little side boob, but it was not enough to affect me drastically. Still, I took a few seconds to study her flawless body.

I was about to close the gap that separated us and ask if she knew where the rest of our group was when she flipped onto her back. My jaw dropped open as her breasts were revealed. I had always known she was well-endowed, but I had no clue how flawless her boobs were. Until now. They were perfect. Big, yet firm and perfectly squeezable. I studied the nipples that stood atop them for a few seconds before realizing how creepy I was being. I was peeping on one of my best friends and...

That was as far as I got before realizing how horny I was. Seeing my friend's breasts had filled my body with arousal and I could now feel a fantasy growing within me. I considered tearing my gaze away from the flawless pair of boobs that lay before me, but my body refused to obey. Moments later, my arousal reached the point of no return and reality started to fade. In a matter of seconds, the fantasy had begun.

All feelings of guilt and fear instantly faded, leaving only arousal behind. Embracing it, I closed the gap between Nikki and me. Feeling the dock move, my friend's eyes fluttered open and she peered up at me. I expected her to cover herself up. Instead, she just peered up at me and smiled.

"Enjoying the view?" she asked after giving me a few seconds to study her flawless body. Though this was a fantasy, I found myself blushing and peering away in embarrassment. Nikki seemed amused by my sudden shyness, because she chuckled.

"Could you give me a hand?" she asked. Focusing on her once more, I found her in a seated potion. In her outstretched hand stood a bottle of sunscreen.

It took me a few seconds to figure out what she wanted me to do. When I finally did, I grabbed the bottle of lotion and squirted a blob onto my hand. Kneeling behind her, I began applying the sunscreen to her back. She seemed to enjoy my delicate touch, because she moaned softly, sending a shiver of arousal running down my spine.

"Would you like me to do the front too?" I asked once I had worked the lotion into her skin.

There was a moment of silence, during which I began to fear I bad been too bold. Perhaps she thought of me as a friend and nothing more. But this was a fantasy. My fantasy.

"That would be great," finally answered Nikki, chasing all uncertainty from my body. Mere seconds after the words left her lips, I was seated before her, reaching out with shaking, lotion-covered hands.

More than anything, I wanted to feel my palms against her breasts, but I knew I could not afford to jump the gun. Taking a slow, calculated approach, I began applying the sunscreen to her stomach. I then moved on to her arms before finally working up the nerve to focus on the breasts. I was afraid of her reaction, so I dared not look into her eyes. 

There were a few seconds of silence as I began working the lotion into her skin. The feel of her hardening nipples beneath my palms was driving me wild, but I still feared her reaction. I kept my gaze focused on her breast until she spoke.

"That's it," she moaned softly as I massaged her breasts. "Keep going."

A mixture of relief and arousal washed over me as I peered up to find her staring at me with lust-filled eyes. No longer afraid of the consequences of my acts, I leaned forward and kissed her.

We shared a soft moan as our lips made contact. Unable to resist the enticing feel of her hot skin, I slipped my tongue into her mouth. More moans were released as our tongue danced around in waltz of lustful love.

By the time our lips parted, Nikki had somehow removed my bikini top. I had no idea how she had accomplished this without me noticing, but that was irrelevant. Peering at me with lust-filled eyed, she grabbed my shoulders and forced me onto my back. Leaning over me, she wrapped her lips around one of my nipples.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as she began playing with it. My arousal increased with each new tongue stroke and I soon began begging for more. But she refused to hear my pleas until she had teased me to the point of insanity.

"Thank god!" I gasped when she began licking her way across my stomach. Her tongue soon made contact with my labia, making me realize how wet all her teasing had made me.

She played with my clit for a few seconds before moving on. I was hoping to feel her tongue slide into my hot, wet slit, but she instead focused on my asshole. Hoping this would lead her closer to penetration, I spread my legs as wide as they would go, giving her unrestricted access to both my pussy and asshole. Unfortunately, Nikki simply continued teasing my anus.

I was about to beg for penetration when she pulled away. I dared not look, fearing what I would find. But I overcame my fear when I heard an odd buzzing noise. Lifting my head, I focused on what lay between my thighs and found a shocking sight.

"Where did that come from?" I wondered as I found Nikki holding a large vibrator. The toy quivered in her hand as she brought it down to my body. I didn't know which hole she would chose to focus on, but I honestly didn't care.

"Fuck!" I moaned as the toy finally made contact with my anus. The powerful buzzing instantly loosened it and the toy easily slid into me. Obviously thrilled by this, Nikki began propelling it in and out of me.

My lover's toy felt great in my ass, but it was nothing compared to when she lowered her head and slipped her tongue past my labia. It slithered deep into my pussy, sending a powerful moan flying past my lips.

"Faster!" I begged, moments after her tongue had come to life. Both of my holes were repeatedly being invaded and it was now only a matter of time before...

"I'm gonna cum!" I announced. Moments later, the orgasm that had been growing within me finally exploded.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I shrieked at the top of my lungs as my pussy came to life. Wave after wave of hot nectar began gushing out of me. I think Nikki drank it all, because I did not feel a single drop hit my thighs. Either way, she continued ferociously toying and tongue fucking both my holes until the final wave finally oozed out of me.

I was getting ready to recover when Nikki's voice snapped me back to reality. Once quick look at my surroundings told me I was fully clothed and back on shore. I also discovered that my friend had noticed me spying on her. I felt guilty until I realized she did not seem bothered in the least. In fact, she was gesturing for me to join her.

By the time I reached her, she had covered herself up. I was a little disappointed to see her beautiful breasts vanish, but also relived I would not have to fight he urge to ogle her.

"Where are the others?" I asked, desperate to change the subject.

"They went for a walk," answered Nikki. After a short pause, she added, "Would you like to join me for a little sunbathing?"

I hesitated. Part of me hoped accepting her offer would mean getting another look at her flawless breasts, but the rest of me knew I could not be trusted to keep my urges under control.

"Thanks," I said, "but I think I prefer going for a dip instead." And without another word, I dove into the lake. The water was cool and helped chase the arousal from my body. But as always, I knew it was only a temporary fix. There was still one day left to my vacation and it was only a matter of time before I fantasized again.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez