 Author's Note: These short fantasies started off as weekly mini-stories for my readers, but the newsletter was shut down because autoresponders do not accept adult content. I thus decided to publish these fantasies for free for my readers to enjoy. It is meant to entertain, so please do not leave hateful comments if everything is not perfect. I am only human after all.

***

Have you ever had one of those fantasies? You know, the ones that feel so real you begin to wonder if you are actually imagining them. Well, I do... because I have them all the time! Sometimes, they turn into a story, but mostly they remain trapped inside my brain. That is, until now...

My friends and I had rented a cottage for the weekend. On the first day, I had fantasized about two of my friends. As for the second day, it had begun with a third fantasy. There was now only one friend left.

The rest of the day was rather uneventful. My friends eventually returned from their walk and we spent the remainder of the day chilling out, going for swims and basically enjoying life. As much fun as I was having, I grew increasingly nervous as the hours passed. I do not usually crave fantasies as they often rupture the flow of my day and often put me in less-than-comfortable situations, but this time was different. I had already fantasized about three of my friends and I feared I would not be given an opportunity to complete my fantasy cycle. I felt guilty, fearing I would somehow offend my final friend if I did not fantasize about her.

The sun had set quite some time earlier and the evening was nearing its end. My friends had ingested large amounts of alcohol and I feared they would pass out one by one before I could find fuel for my final fantasy. Luckily, one of them had a genius idea. As luck would have it, it was the very friend I had yet to fantasize about—for the purposes of this story, let's call her Sammi.

"Let's play truth or dare!" she suddenly said, making us all jump. She had not moved in almost an hour and we had all assumed she was passed out. Obviously, we were wrong.

There was a moment of silence before we answered. I am not usually one to play such childish games, but I knew this could very well be my last chance to fantasize.

"I'm in," I said, surprising everyone present. But my unexpected response helped convince the remaining members of the group to accept Sammi's offer.

Because she was responsible for us playing, Sammi started. I could tell you everything that happened, but most of the dares were unimaginative and most truths far from earth-shattering. But as the evening progressed and more alcohol was ingested, the dares gradually grew more and more daring.

"I dare you to kiss Sammi," eventually said one of my friends. I was a little surprised by the perversity dare, but this was my one and only opportunity to fantasize about the final member of our group and I was not about to pass it up. Plus, Sammi was quite attractive and, although she was drunk, I was quite looking forward to kissing her. It had not been made clear if we were to share a simple peck on the lips or a full-on tongue kiss, but it was a safe bet it was the former.

We all sat in a circle and Sammi stood to my left. She turned toward me, impassive. I could not tell if she was looking forward to our kiss, but at least she did not look repulsed. Then again, she may have been too drunk to display emotions. Luckily, one of the only rules in truth or dare was "a dare cannot go uncompleted" and I was not about to be branded a coward.

"Ready?" I asked as I turned to Sammi.

She nodded, still impassive.

"This is it," I thought as I leaned forward. I normally would have closed my eyes, but my friend was beyond tipsy and I had to grab her shoulders just to keep her from slumping over. I almost felt like I was taking advantage of her, but a dare is a dare.

"This is it," I thought again as her lips neared mine. Now with my eyes closed, I waited for the long-awaited moment.

Her lips finally made contact with mine and it felt like a bolt of lightning shot through me. But instead of electricity running through me, it was arousal. Massive amounts of arousal. Spending all day craving a fantasy must have made me desperate, because the mere touch of Sammi's lips forced one to grow within me. I barely had time to figure out what was going no before the real world faded.

A passionate moan escaped me as soon as the fantasy began. I knew nothing I did not would affect the real world and I took full advantage of this to give in to the massive amounts of arousal coursing through my veins. Sammi's lips were still pressed against mine, though I could now feel her tongue tentatively prodding at the entrance of my mouth. Unable to resist the tempting offer, I parted my lips and welcomed her tongue with a passionate moan.

In mere seconds, we were passionate kissing. Our tongues danced around is a waltz of lustful love. I had no idea if the fantasy version of Sammi was drunk, but her skillful tongue strokes seemed to belong to someone who was in full control of her faculties. Taking full advantage of this, I reciprocated her eager stokes with great verve.

It was not until the kiss ended that I realized Sammi was not the only one to have entered my fantasy. Every last member of our group was present and, ignoring the rules of truth or dare, they took turns daring us to do increasingly kinky things.

As luck would have it, every last one of the dares were given to Sammi. But I did not care, because that meant I was the recipient of all her lustful actions. The first thing she did was remove my clothes. I was still wearing my bikini, so it did not take long before I was fully naked. Thank god the fantasy version of Sammi was sober, otherwise the simple process would have taken forever.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as her lips made contact with one of my nipples. I now lay in the center of the circle formed by my friends. Eyes closed and chest slowly rising and falling to the rhythm of my breaths, I moaned softly as Sammi's tongue teased my nipples, soon turning them to stone. I was stunned by how skilled my lover was—at least for a non-lesbian—but I wasted no time focusing on that, instead spending my time enjoying the sensual dance she performed upon my boobs.

"What the..." I began when she pulled away. Lifting up my head, I found her sitting next to me, waiting for her next dare. Luckily, one of our friends had come up with the perfect dare and voiced it almost instantly.

"...fuck!" I finished when Sammi obeyed the dare. But licking my engorged labia was only the start. She teased my clit for a few seconds before another one of ours friends asked her to slide her tongue into me.

"Oh god!" I gasped as my soaking-wet pussy was invaded. Her tongue wiggled inside me for a few seconds before yet another dare was given. Luckily, Sammi still gave me a few more penetrating thrusts before pulling away.

Taking the instrument she was being handed, she twisted the tip and we both smiled as the vibrator buzzed to life. It was the same one my other friend had used during my last fantasy. Like before, I had no idea where it had come from, but it still remained irrelevant.

I hoped to feel the trembling instrument would invade my rectum, but it was instead propelled deep into my pussy, forcing a powerful moan past my lips. Sammi was allowed to thrust it in and out of me a few times before another dare was given.

Pulling away from me, my friend dropped the vibrator and grabbed the new sex toy she was being handed. The new toy was also a dildo, though it did not vibrate. However, it was far more massive and came with straps. I watched with an eager smile as Sammi put it on. By the time the strapon her been attached to her body, I was on all fours and ready to receive every inch of her new manhood.

"Fuck me!" I begged as I peered back at her over my shoulder. I knew the request was useless as she had been dared to fuck me to climax, but I liked to pretend I was in control. But as the large shaft neared my body, I realized that was not the case. Or was it?

"Fuck it," I thought as I decided to ignore the rules of truth or dare and take control of the situation. "Wait!" I added, this time aloud.

Sammi froze, less than an inch away from penetration. I saw a worried look deform her beautiful traits and I could tell she was afraid she had done something wrong. I let her fret for a few seconds before speaking again.

"I want you to fuck my ass," I told her.

I expected her to be relieved, but my request only confused her further.

"Are—are you sure?" she asked.

I nodded.

"Definitely," I assured me. I then added in a more forceful voice, "Now fuck me ass!"

Sammi lost all reserve and grabbed my wait with both hands. Orienting her body to ensure the tip of the toy was pressed up against my anus, she jerked forward.

"FUCK!" I yelled as the large shaft shot into me. I slid deeper and deeper until it could go no further. I could tell my cry had frightened my lover, so I put an immediate end to it and waited for her to begin one of the most intense anal poundings of my life.

When nothing happened for a few seconds, I glanced back at her over my shoulder and gave her a reassuring smile. Apparently that was enough, because she soon began ramming her large spear into my ass.

"Oh yes!" I moaned. "Faster! FASTER!"

Sammi increased the force her thrusts and in no time, I felt a powerful orgasm growing within me.

"I'm about to cum!" I announced. This statement was welcomed by a powerful cheer from the rest of the group. Obviously determined to give me the best orgasm of my life, Sammi doubled the intensity of her thrusts.

"FUUCCCKKKK!!" I bellowed at the top of my lungs as my pussy came to life. Wave after wave of hot orgasmilk began to shoot out of my strapon-free pussy. In no time, my thighs were slick with cum, yet still more was released. My lover's silicone manhood flew in and out of my ass as my body shook with pleasure. By the time the final wave oozed out of me, I was so exhausted that I barely had the strength to utter one final moan before crashing down onto the deck.

I lay there for a few seconds before I was snapped back to reality. As usual, it only took a quick glance at my surroundings to tell me the fantasy was over. But I did not care. I had fantasized about all four of my friends and that was all that mattered. 

Now that my dare had been completed, it was my turn. I tried to come up with something original, but I was far too distracted to think clearly. All I knew was that I had just enjoyed the last fantasy of the trip and I was feeling depressed. Luckily, I knew my vivid imagination would not let me down. Another fantasy would grow within me when the time was right. It was only a matter of time.

***

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed.

Have a horny day,

Barbie Lez