 This is my first story. I reckon I am an average late fifties guy, I'm straight, I like girl on girl action and I'm wishing I had acted on my Bi-curiosity years ago - second story topic quite likely. I have sometimes wondered if my wife had ever had any lesbian fantasies knowing that if she were to tell me she had I would be pretty turned on by it and not threatened at all. When she told me about how attractive Mia is and showed me a photo it planted the seed in my mind that has led to this story. I enjoyed writing it and found I got turned on a lot as I wrote so I hope you enjoy it too. 

*****

Working out with Mia:

I was hot and wet. That's how one of Mias' workout sessions left you. I smiled at her and said "That was a great one Mia." She looked back with a smile but I noticed her eyes said something different, and I could tell she was still upset about some issues in her life we had discussed when we arrived and set-up before others came. Then she was crying a little, I had put my arms around her quietly and after a few minutes of talking things over she said she felt better and hugged me briefly saying "Thank you darling Jane."

I really liked Mia and was more attracted to her the more I saw her and it troubled me to see her upset. Younger and shorter than me she has a great figure more so than most of us attending her classes. Her radiant tanned skin looks lovely compared to my part sun, part spray on efforts. I don't look bad after getting out in the sun more and I'm quite pleased with my figure now but Mia...wow.

This time I found myself saying quietly "Come home with me and we can chat some more?"

She replied with a quick "Oh yes please" and I was almost elated and hugged her again.

"I'll massage your stresses away too" I whispered. Mia had been the first to respond with a yes when I offered my massaging service to the girls at the workout class a few days ago but we had not fixed a date yet.

"But I'm all hot and sweaty Jane and really need to get out of this gear so..."

Without any hesitation I said "Don't worry you can have a shower and I'm sure I have some clothes you can borrow." When she said "Oh OK thanks Jane" I felt a wave of contentment and eager anticipation at some time alone together with this delicate woman.

We were soon home to my house and after Mia had undressed in my bedroom and gone to the bathroom, I gathered up our workout clothes and took them down for a quick-cycle wash. I held the bundle up to my chest on the way, found I could smell Mia's perfume then realized her lacy underwear was right on top. I delighted in pressing them to my face, enjoying the smell of her and even found myself kissing them momentarily as if she was in my arms herself. I sighed quietly and felt excited. I had never felt so attracted to another woman before and her comment earlier "No wonder I find women more attractive sometimes," when we had discussed some of her troubles, had raised my own bisexual curiosity and made me wonder if Mia had in fact had a closer relationship with another woman.

As Mia was showering I got some clothes laid out ready for her but as I did so I suddenly couldn't help but think of her in the shower... with the water tracing down her breasts and over her shapely ass. Whoa, slow down girl I thought! I heard the shower stop and the thoughts passed. Then after she'd finished and we passed on the landing I told her to go ahead and use the hairdryer etc. and I got in the shower for my double quick wash. As the water soaked my breasts and I touched them, once again I was wondering what her breasts and nipples were like. Even whether her pussy was smooth like mine as I rinsed the soap away and found myself wet in a way I had not expected but was certainly content to be. What are you doing to me Mia? I was soon out, dried off and hair brushed too, as Mia was finishing with the hairdryer and a moment later with just a towel tucked around me I was standing frozen to the spot at the bedroom door, with my eyes transfixed on her. Mia was sitting naked on the far side of the bed with the warm sunlight on her face, her chest out and head back as she finished brushing her shoulder length hair, the white towel just loose across her thighs. My eyes fell on her breast and nipple and the light on her body cast shadows that accentuated the curves. My side-on view let me see the beauty of her back, her hips and the shadow between her ass cheeks and I said to myself "Wow Mia, you have a fantastic body."

"That's very kind of you to say so Jane," said Mia turning to look at me with a delightful little smile.

"Whoops! Did I say that out loud?" I said rather pointlessly and a little embarrassed.

"Yes!" she laughed "and I love you for it Jane" she said with her hand out beckoning me to her. I wanted to make her feel better about herself knowing she sometimes got upset about her figure - God knows why in her case but don't we all - so I eagerly walked to her, took her hand and sat next to her as she lifted the towel up and tucked it around her curvy breasts.

"Oh Mia, I meant it, you've got a fantastically sexy figure, and a beautiful smile." As I said it the towel around me had come loose and it dropped to my lap exposing my breasts and slightly hardened nipples, aroused from my sight of Mia.

"Wow Jane, your curves are sexy too!" she said looking straight at my breasts with that cute grin again. She said it like she really meant it and I was blushing and already picking the towel back up as I responded with a quick thank you and felt my breasts swell with further arousal thinking this was actually all quite a turn on. We sat holding hands and our faces just a foot apart and before I could react, in a split second that went in slow motion, Mia moved towards me, gently cupped my cheek with her free hand and placed her soft, moist lips against mine. It was a gentle lingering kiss but with firm intent and as my eyes closed my lips kissed back before an intense pleasure pulsed through me.

A second later Mia moved back, my eyes opened and slightly flustered I sighed out the words "Oh wow" and then "What about that massage then?" whilst thinking, "Again please!"

"I'm sorry Jane, I just couldn't resist, I hope you didn't mind?" she said.

"No it's OK, I...quite enjoyed it actually" I admitted. In fact I loved how soft her lips were and was close to reaching out to embrace her.

I got up and beckoned her to lay on her front which she did with a quick "Yes please", placing a towel across her rear and thighs. I'd already got the massage oil out earlier and now my hands were ready to caress her. I stood at the bedside and placed my hands in between her shoulders up by her neckline and it felt wonderful as I continued out towards her arms and then down her back.

I continued for a good few minutes and massaged away some tight muscle spots then ran my hands up the sides of her back towards her chest. My extended fingers came to rest against her smooth breasts and lingered for a moment at which, clearly in response, Mia said "Oh Wow Jane your touch is reeaallly sensuous, I feel like a pampered Egyptian goddess!" and then added "That feels so good, would you mind doing my legs too?"

Would I mind? Oh my god I thought, this is heavenly already and now she wants me to touch her thighs! "Of course" I said and willingly moved down to briefly stroke both her feet before working my way up her calves. Discarding the inconvenient towel around me I then moved onto the bed with a knee between her ankles. As I did so she moved the towel away completely to reveal her thighs and her curvaceous ass cheeks. I savored a view of the deep shadowed valley between them, shuddered a little, and then began to slowly and progressively more deeply, massage her thighs. I felt some tightness but her legs felt fantastic, firm after a softness under her smooth skin. After a minute or two I swept my hands up the back of her thighs, caressed and slightly squeezed her cheeks apart before moving down again, twice.

"Uh..ooh" Mia gently moaned but then said "you're making me hot Jane."

I took my hands away and said "Sorry Mia, that's not the desired effect."

"No, please don't stop Jane, I meant hot in a good way!"

I was already quite aroused but then she added "And my pussy is wet which IS a desired effect!!" An erotic shock wave like a mini orgasm surged in me!

"Oh wow, really? I'm so glad you want more." I replied.

As she spoke she rose up onto her elbows and lifted up her ass invitingly. I felt her feet pressing outwards where I was still straddling her so I quickly moved my other knee to the inside of her thighs to allow her the room. Now I felt bolder so I cupped her ass cheeks again and slowly and deliberately stroked and squeezed them in and out. I could see both her pink rosebud ass and her exquisite glistening wet pussy lips below and knew indeed that she was enjoying our togetherness more than I had hoped. I moved forward a little and pressed my legs against her thighs, my pussy against her rear and stroked my hands up her back, over her sides and gently cupped her breasts, leaning onto her. I ran my nose and lips up her spine smelling her scent and finished with a gentle kiss. Wow I was turned on now. "Hmm that's so good Jane." Mia moaned in response.

As I moved back again Mia raised herself up fully onto her knees to lean back against my firm nipples. Wow. My palms were on her hips as now she reached back to take my hands and guide them up to cup her breasts. With that I pressed my wet pussy against her more and moaned quietly "Oh that's heavenly Mia" into her ear as passion swept through me.

I had kneaded her with my hands but now I needed her with my lips.

Mia looked over left shoulder and moved her hair over to reveal her long neck. The weight and size of her ample tits in my palms was wonderful as I then pressed my lips against the back of her neck and kissed my way round and up towards her left ear. 

Would she like what I do next I wondered as I stroked my fingers over her plump nipples and then took them between my fingers and thumbs to gently twist and pull them. To feel them quickly harden at my touch was a delight.

"Oh god, I really love that Jane," said Mia quickly as if she had read my mind and then "Oh darling Jane, I love what you are doing to me," she sighed.

When she turned fully around inside my loosened embrace I was briefly treated to a view of her now hard pink nipples and a cute heart shaped pubic hair area down below. Our eyes met, and we both consented to more with no need for words. With her hands softly against my neck and mine pulling her waist towards me, our lips eagerly came together. This time we were both hungry and our tongues were soon touching in a delicious dance of wet sensuality. I felt her fingers trace down my tits and circle my hard nipples - I love both my nipples being caressed together and it sent another wave of lust down to my wet cunt as we continued to kiss with our tongues entwined.

I loved the sweet taste and smell of her as we kissed for ages and caressed each other but then found we were slowly toppling over onto the bed. We let it happen and giggled as we landed, me on my back with Mia above me.

"Oh Jane, I never realized making love with another woman would feel so good."

"What? You mean you've never done this before either Mia?" I replied quite taken aback.

"No, I thought you were the one with experience Jane! So is this your first time too?" Mia said amazingly.

"Yes...so we're both doing OK at it then!" I laughed. She laughed too and then brought her lips to me with her tongue soon engaging mine and passion returning.

After a seductive look into my eyes Mia moved her head and began to kiss her way down my cleavage and over each breast whilst massaging them with her warm hands. She teasingly circled my proud nipples with her lips before taking them into her mouth to lick, suck and even bite a little. God It felt fantastic. Her lovely blondish hair was silky smooth cascading over my tits. "Your hair is beautiful," I said - I nearly sang it out like Debby Harry!

Mia continued with kisses down past my belly button and onward to leave me in no doubt what was coming - or who, if she did what I wanted her to do! She arrived with a wet kiss at my shaven pubic mound - welcome to my pleasure dome I thought and what pleasure! I was so wet.

"I want to lick your cunt and make you come Jane, is that OK?" Mia said.

"Yes, oh yes" I quickly answered as her head went down, I saw her tongue reach out and then I felt it gently pierce my soaking cunt lips as she drew it all the way up withdrawing just before my swollen clit. It felt incredible and I moaned in rapturous delight as her silky hair glided up my thighs.

"Play with your tits for me Jane" Mia pleaded looking up to me, and I happily obliged, taking hold of my nipples and pinching them. Her warm hands then spread my pussy lips apart as I opened my thighs to welcome her more. This time her hot wet velvet tongue dipped deep into my cunt before her whole mouth slowly sucked up my wet inner lips and then teased my clit with the lightest of circling licks to finish.

"Oh yes!" I purred in pleasure. "Kiss my clit Mia, lick it again," I begged.

"Your cunt tastes fantastic Jane," she said, "I can't believe how smooth and soft it is in my mouth."

A second later her tongue was hard on to my clit swirling my cunt juice over it before her lips came together and sucked it up even more erect. Oh god this is heaven I thought.

Her hands were caressing up and down my thighs and when I lifted my head to see Mia between my legs kissing me it was so seductive a view I began to feel the first waves of my orgasm coming.

But my lust hunger was further rewarded when I glanced up higher and saw the two us in the mirrors covering the wall at the foot of the bed. Mias' hair, the full sensuous curve of her back and the fantastic curvaceous peaches of her ass cheeks either side of her shiny wet red pussy lips. God that sight was just so... beautiful as well as utterly erotic. I let out a deep "Ooh yes" as two fingers suddenly were fucking me, thrusting in and out of my tight cunt, whilst her tongue was still swirling all over my lips and clit. I pulled at my nipples and heard Mia say "Come for me Jane" and that was all it took to trigger the crescendo inside me.

From deep inside my cunt the pleasure just built incredibly and an orgasm hit me like a tsunami wave. "I'm coming, oh god I'm coming!" I shrieked not caring how loud I was as my hands moved down to touch and mingle in Mias' hair. With my fingers lightly on her head I could then feel every movement as she was licking, sucking and nibbling at my throbbing clit and with that the sensations just went off the scale and I was in raptures, in a mix of sexual ecstasy, wonderment at this new-found lover and utter bliss. "Oh yes, oh, oohhh YES!!"

Mias' hands were now at my sides - I grasped them as I thrust my cunt up against her mouth and rode through the peak of my orgasm and then as it subsided I finally took a long gasp of air having held my breath for what seemed ages. Mia too lifted up and breathed deeply looking at me contentedly.

"I'm so glad you came Jane, that was fantastic," she said sliding up to kiss my cheek softly and lay next to me. I was still panting and smiling in delight as I felt her heat against me.

"That was one of the best I've ever had Mia, just so intense" I told her.

As she had given me so much pleasure with her tongue and remembering my brief kiss of her panties, I was now keen to taste and satisfy her as she did me.

"I'm still so wet and turned on Jane, please make me come now," she pleaded.

"Oh yes Mia, can I kiss and lick you too? I really want to taste you," I replied hopefully.

"Oh yes, yes, I'd love you to eat my cunt Jane, I'm so glad you want to."

Her choice of words was an erotic shock as I smiled back at her and rolled up and over to look at her body. I kissed her mouth again, moved down to straddle her waist, massaged her twin peaks and then reached back with one hand between her legs to gently circle a finger into her pubic hair and then slowly stroke it downward. Her pussy lips were warm and with just light pressure my finger penetrated in to the sweet honey pot of her vagina, her wetness feeling delightfully slick as my finger pushed in further.

"Oh that's fantastic!" Mia cooed looking at me longingly. Enjoying the increasing lust in Mia's eyes, one hand still on her breast, I looked at her seductively and then withdrew my soaked finger, raised it up to my open mouth then slowly licked and sucked it.

I knew the taste of my own pussy as my husband often kissed my mouth after sending me crazy with his tongue inside my cunt and on my clit but I found the smell and taste of Mia to be utterly delicious, uniquely intoxicating, not strong or pungent but powerfully subtle.

"The taste of you is just wonderful Mia." I wanted more. Her sweet and musky perfume was quickly fixed in my memory as unforgettable, so much so that later in the day I got turned on catching the slightest hint of her scent on my fingers. I crooked my long finger into her once more, lapping up as much of her nectar as possible, intent on tasting her again. 

Seeing her fully erect nipples, this time I made them wet with Mias' slick juice from my finger and then moving down her I hungrily licked and sucked on them as my finger returned again to plunge deep into the source of her wetness. Add a second finger...and a "Slippery when wet!" sign! Draw them up between those clinging lips and there was the glorious pink pinnacle of Mias' clit luring me downwards.

Time for the main course. I turned and straddled Mia again, this time with my knees aside her chest. She knew my intent and immediately raised and spread her thighs invitingly. Lowering my head I could smell her scent once again, and I took a deep breath of this potent aphrodisiac wanting to hold it inside me forever. I'll have the big bottle of Eau de Mia for Xmas please! What a moment I briefly realized - my first time going down on another woman. But I knew it would be incredible, it was all so good already. 

With my forearms behind her rear I could finger and stroke Mias' fully open pussy as I extended my virgin tongue and very lightly lapped at it just above her rosebud anus. Wow, it was so succulent and tasty. I pushed my tongue deeper into her and then licked her silky lips, and even briefly circled her anus which all seemed to please her given the staccato moans she emitted. I could sense Mias' satisfaction as I swept my mouth all over her sweet lips and then up onto her clit. It was still wearing the its' hoodie lips around it at first but then shed them and hardened wonderfully as I licked and sucked on it with my hungry tongue. It grew in my mouth like a mini cock and I sucked harder almost wishing come would shoot from it. With first one finger and then soon with two, I pushed into her soaking cunt withdrawing them occasionally to splash on her clit as I continued to devour her with my mouth. Mia moaned, "Ooh yeah, fuck my cunt, make me come."

The wetness from Mias' cunt had oozed down over her rosebud anus onto my other hands' fingers as I held her ass cheek and I circled it back up and around it before very gently pressing a slippery finger into her, all the while still lapping with my tongue above. Mia cooed, "Oh my that's very naughty but it feels so goood Jane."

I felt her hands caress my thighs and my ass cheeks and she gently pulled them down to her. I was happy to lower my pussy down towards her face in hope of her mouth meeting it and wasn't disappointed as I felt her long hot tongue slide over my still wet lips and dip into me. I think I'll come again! The luscious feel of Mias' cunt was so succulent it easily surpassed Rossis' whipped ice cream - it always felt sexy licking up a 99 cone but this was just divine.
