 After an argument with her mother, Sherri Darnell accepts an offer from her Aunt Lilly of a place to stay where she can complete her art projects. It seemed to be the perfect solution, but a new neighbor presents a whole new challenge. 

Prelude: For those readers that are familiar with my work, it will come as no surprise that chapter one contains a limited amount of sexual activity, but is essential in setting up my characters and my story. Without it, the story would not make a lot of sense.

It's been a long time coming and I hope you enjoy it and can't wait for the next chapter. You won't be sorry. 

*

Part 1

Mom and I had been at odds with each other before, but nothing like this. I wanted more control over my life, but to her way of thinking, since I lived at home, I was still seventeen. 

This last one was a beaut. I walked out in disgust and anger and did it so well I wasn't sure if she'd let me back in. 

I'm no teenager. I'm a third year art major with a minor in elementary education. I'd been getting enough commercial work to pay the bills, but lately, the jobs weren't large enough to pay all that well Mom was pushing hard for me to spend the summer working for Elliot Tarkington, otherwise known to every woman in Pine Springs as the letch. He has a large gallery and he hires young artists during the summer months but his gig is that he tells them how good they are and how he would be willing to hang some of their art, and if they run a little short on money, he is willing to help in exchange for...yeah, you've got it. Mom says that I am strong enough to resist his threats and I say I don't want to give him the chance. I won't make as much elsewhere, but I don't have to worry about my reputation. 

I was sitting in the coffee shop, trying to decide what to do, when in walked my cousin, Jillian. She's older than I by a little over a year, and usually travels for a major information technology company, so. I was shocked to see her in this little coffee shop. 

I asked her why she was in town and how she knew where I'd be. She told me she came in to see her mother, my Aunt Lilly, and attend a conference that started on Monday. Evidently Mom had called Lily and dumped on her and of course, she would know where I'd be. It had been our favorite place for a long time. . 

So, I poured my guts out to her and she totally agreed with me. "You need to talk to Mom," she said. "She's not afraid of her sister and she will most definitely agree with you."

Well, to make a long story shorter, I did talk to Aunt Lilly. Then she and Mom got into a long drawn out bitch fight and mom declared that I'm not welcome there unless I come on hands and knees and beg, and THEN go to work for Elliot. It ain't gonna happen. 

We left the coffee shop to go to O'doule's Irish pub where we met Lily. Jillian had a pint and Lily and I had some white wine. Once we're settled down, Lily started asking me questions about my plans.

"I have my heart set on teaching at a particular art school but in order to do that, I'm going to have to be able to demonstrate that I'm comfortable with all media. How can you teach what you can't do? So, I've been working on a portfolio that will do that, but I've got a lot to do on it and in the meantime, I've got a shot at the new Magnunson Corporate logo thanks to Professor Whitlow. It would pay enough to carry me for while even without any other work. Almost anything would be better than working for Elliot and spending half my time naked and on my back." 

"So basically, you need a place to live and work until you get your portfolio and this commercial stuff done?"

"Yeah, but when I was home, I had the whole attic as my studio and since nobody goes up there, I could focus completely."

"I see, and what more do you have to do on the portfolio?"

"I've got pieces ready in most of the genre, but I need to do a sculpture of some kind. I've done some work with clay so that's what I'll use for that. For the painting part, I have three pieces that have to be completed. I have to do two figure studies in my choice of two media, and one of what Professor Whitlow calls his version of Interpretive studies, which are basically swirls of color that can be about anything, although I'm doing mine based on one of the figure studies. They don't have to look like anything exactly, but through the use of flowing color patterns, I have to reveal enough of the figure to suggest what it is without it being obvious. I pretty well know what I'm going to do, I just have to do it."

"Then you don't have a problem," Lilly said. 

"How do you figure that?" I asked.

"Lake Wanderlee," she said.

"I don't follow you."

'You can have the cottage at Lake Wanderlee to work in. There is no one even close to you and the place is perfect for a studio. Great Lighting, and lots of space. Jillian and I are going on a one month cruise and no one else in the family is going to use it this year. Everyone's going to Jason's new place up on Lake Michigan."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Absolutely. It's yours." 

"That would be so great," I said. "I remember going up there. It sure is isolated if you want it to be, and It's really quiet, especially now, because the tourists won't be there for another two weeks or so."

They went with me to get my clothes and art supplies. Jillian about had a cow when she grabbed the box of clay for my sculpture. I tried to tell her it was heavy but she insisted so what the hell. Lily and Mom fought like cats and dogs, but that kept Mom too busy to mess with my head. With Jillian helping me, we had the car loaded in short order, signaled Lilly and we got out of there. The car was literally jammed and poor Jillian got stuffed into the back seat. 

"There's one important thing you need to know," Lilly said. "We have a neighbor now, but she doesn't bother anyone and she does not want or appreciate visitors. I can't tell you who she is, but she's quite famous in her own right, but very, very private when she's at the cottage, and she doesn't use her real name up. When she goes out, she wears colored contacts and a wig. Don't bother her, and she won't bother you, "

I almost wished she hadn't told me because now I knew I'd do whatever I could to see who she was without getting caught. It's just the curious nature in me. 

In no time at all, I was on my way north. It was a long drive to Lake Wanderlee so I stopped at a small motel right along the highway and had no trouble falling into a deep sleep. I grabbed some breakfast before I left and when I got to Pendleton, I stopped for groceries and supplies. I had my digital camera with me and at the last minute, I'd grabbed the digital video recorder. It was half mine, and she had no idea how to use it anyway.

I didn't get to the lake until after sunset so I only unloaded what I needed and the things that had to be frozen or refrigerated. By the time I had everything put away, I was ready to call it a day. 

The couch was long and wide, so I threw a blanket over me, dropped a pillow on the couch and fell asleep almost as soon as I lay down. I woke to the sound of a million birds singing in the trees around the cottage. It was so calming that I forgot all about my problems with Mom. 

By noon, the car was unloaded, the kitchen was stocked, my bed was made, and I was ready for some sun. I put on my yellow bikini and headed for the pier for some serious tan time. It was so quiet around the lake that for a while, I thought I might be the only one there, so I slipped out of my bikini to get an all over tan. I hadn't seen her coming, but I suddenly noticed that the secretive neighbor had appeared on her pier. I was reminded that I was naked when she dropped her robe to tan nude. I couldn't see her very well, but well enough to know she had a seriously fantastic body. She stretched a few times and lay down to tan. It was enough to make me determined to see more. 

In the afternoon, I pulled out my supplies and set up a makeshift studio. Lilly was right It was absolutely perfect with a lot of natural light and when I opened some of the windows, I got a nice, cool breeze blowing through the room. 

I studied my required projects and then I made a discovery I should have made before I even left. I had to do at least two figure studies and I had no model. A thought flashed through my mind about my neighbor, but I remembered what Lilly had said and tried to think of something else. I had some figures study books, but that doesn't give you dimension. For a good figure study, you need a live model who can adjust a pose to suit your style.

When I heard a splash, I knew that my neighbor was taking a swim, and a thought came over me. I ran up to my room and grabbed the binoculars I'd found in one of the closets. It took me a few minutes of running from window to window, before I found a point where I could get a good look at her. She was even more amazing than I'd first thought. She stood on the dock, water dripping from her nipples and ass. Putting her hands behind her head, she did a few twists and bent down almost to the dock. Her movements were so smooth and fluid, I wondered if she were a dancer or a gymnast. Her breasts stood firm and proud with blackberry shaped nipples and her ass was absolutely stunning. When she walked toward the cottage, I noticed that her breasts didn't show a lot of movement. Talk about firm. When she was gone, I stood there, my body quite shaky and I couldn't understand it at all. True, she was beautiful, but she was a she, for god's sake.

I'm no prude, and I've been tempted by women in the past, but I always chickened out. Now, it was all I could do to get control of my emotions. With the memory of her body still fresh in my mind, I quickly sketched her. The depth of detail in my memory was quite amazing and when I was done, I had eleven sketches that were just great. Taking the two best ones to my studio, I set up my easel and did charcoal drawings, using the sketches as a basis. It was by no means the same as a live model, but I'd seen the live model and the memories were clear enough to let me give the piece some depth. When I was done, I stepped back and critiqued the work. It wasn't bad, but it's hard to get what I was looking for in charcoal. I had to turn that piece into a watercolor, but I needed to study her some more. 

Then I remembered the cameras that I'd brought with me. They were both digital and very high resolution, and it the still camera came with three lenses. I put a memory stick in the camera and spent the afternoon taking shots to get familiar with the camera again. It was an easy camera to use and I played with the various lenses to get a feel of what they were capable of. While I was walking around, I checked out some places where I might take some photos without her seeing me. When I went back into the cottage, I had three places where I was sure I could conceal myself while I took photos of her. I next went to the window I now knew of as my observation deck. I fired off several shots of the pier, a boat on the lake, and the path back to her cottage. I wanted a picture of her walking back to the cottage and I really, really wanted a picture of her walking toward the dock. The memory of her activities made me almost quiver with excitement. Thinking ahead, I made sure the flash was turned off so she wouldn't be alerted to what I was doing. 

I set up my laptop and transferred the pictures I'd just taken to the screen so I could get a good look at them. I now appreciated the photo program I'd paid through the nose for. It was amazing and I knew that I would never learn to use off of the features it included. Amazingly, I accidentally discovered that when I was viewing a shot, I could use my wheeled mouse to zoom in on the subject. Unfortunately, when you do that, you lose a great deal of the resolution so her face wasn't clear enough to help me figure out who she was. 

I slept fitfully that night, eager to try out my little scheme. As long as I didn't show her face in detail, I didn't need to get her permission to use the pieces in my presentation. Oh my god, I couldn't wait to see the expression on professor Whitlow's face when he saw her body. 

I took a quick shower in the morning and carried my breakfast up to the observation deck to watch for her. A flash of white alerted me when she started down the walk. DAMN! She was wearing a white robe. Still, I studied her walk in the led display, with my finger on the remote lens release. Today was just a learning experience, so I fired off several shots as I followed her to the pier. She stood quietly, looking out at the lake for a while, then she turned and looked directly at me. I jumped back, even though I was sure she couldn't have known I was there. When I regained my self control, I fired off several fast shots as she dropped the robe. I heard a soft moan and realized it came from me. I shook it off and kept shooting. I zoomed in, zoomed out, took a few shots with the narrowest field of view I could find, and then I spent several minutes trying to get her to look toward me. I wanted to figure out who she was and she seemed to know that as she turned her face several times to maximize her sun tan. 

God, she was so beautiful. I put on the telephoto with the highest magnification and zoomed in on her. She turned and looked toward the house, and the lens did its job. I got ready to shoot and she looked toward my window. The lens seemed to exaggerate her eyes and I melted. Deep, deep blue-green eyes that seemed to glow with an aura of sensuality. When she pulled off the sun hat she'd been wearing, long, auburn locks tumbled down around her shoulders. She pulled them into a pony tail and looked right at me. What an amazing shot that was.

After a quick sandwich, I got my bikini out, intending to enjoy the cool waters and a quick tanning session. At the last minute, I threw the bikini on the bed, determined to tan in the nude. If she could do it, why couldn't I? I wasn't quite ready for the walk to the pier in the nude, so I grabbed a robe out of my closet and slipped it on. Now that I've had time to think about it, I believe that I wanted her to see me naked. For safety sake, I put my bikini in my beach bag, right on top of my cameras.  

Once I was on the pier, I made no attempt to conceal my nudity. In fact, I took measures to make sure that if she was looking, she would get her eyes full. I was no match for her beauty, but hey, I'm no dog. I'm 5'6", reddish blonde hair, brown eyes that change color during passion or under stress. Just before I come, I get yellow cat eyes that get real big. I look like a cat about to pounce on a mouse. My body is nothing to laugh at. 36B, almost a C, tight abs, but no six pack, and what I've been told is a lover's ass, whatever that means.

That night, I studied her face in every shot, trying to remember where I'd seen her Damn it, why couldn't I remember who she was? It was going to drive me insane. 

The next day, she didn't wear a robe so I got some wonderful shots of that hot ass as she walked down the pier. Oh, what a beautiful sway. Her ass was so smooth and so tight that her crack didn't close in like mine did. If she'd walked just right, I swear I could have seen her pussy. As quickly as I could, I grabbed the cameras and the beach bag and headed for the pier. It was time to check out my new observation areas. For a time, the view was so much better that I thought I'd just stay right there, but then I learned something. When she lay down, I couldn't see a thing, because the pier was higher than my viewpoint. Disappointed, I moved back inside and returned to my window. 

She was lying at a different angle, so I fired off several shots. I was so into what I was doing, that I almost missed the fact that her nipples were being fondled and twisted. As I watched, her body began to move in a very sensual dance that verified her state of arousal. I could feel my body begin to respond and without a thought, my top fell to the floor so I could mimic her actions. In my current state of mind, it took no time at all for my fingers to find my nipples. They took an awful beating, I fear and I was sure she heard me when I shot over the top. 

I almost forgot my reason for being there, but I regained my focus somewhat, and fired off several more shots.

I heard someone say, "Oh fuck," when she began to stroke over her pussy and realized that it was coming from me. I have no idea when my shorts and panties fell off, but they did, and I continued to join her, at least in spirit, in a session of passionate masturbation. When she cried out, I was close enough to hear it quite clearly. The effect was instantaneous. I fell apart. I battered my pussy with two fingers ramming myself into a hard orgasm that almost knocked me down, I set the camera on rapid timed sequence and dropped to the ground to finish the job with two more hard orgasms that left my body quivering for what seemed to be forever. My clit was so sensitive that a simple touch of her tongue would have sent me flying. 

I slumped back into the chair in surprise at what I'd done. Oh my god, I was masturbating to the sight of another woman doing it and those orgasms were some of the best ever. What the hell was happening to me? Still, the vision of her tongue against my clit was so vivid that it made me shake inside, and I didn't want it to go away."

. As I watched, she started to get up. She stretched her arms to the sky and I quickly fired off several shots. That was going to be one of my figure studies. Of that, I had no doubt. It was absolutely perfect. Her breasts were drawn upward and her ass was pulled in tight. On her tiptoes, she held that position for at least fifteen seconds, giving me ample time to get the shots I wanted. 

When she turned to walk to the cottage, I took a deep breath and dropped onto the chair again. I was incredibly weak and tired. For the longest time, I sat there, with eyes closed, while I literally soaked the chair seat with an incredible amount of cum, 

I was somewhat surprised at the intensity of the scent of my orgasms, highly sensual, to be sure, but almost overpowering. I'd never had enough cum to cause such a mess. I finally struggled to my feet and headed for the cottage. If she was going to do this to me, I had to make some adjustments. When I got to the cottage, I went to my studio for a few minutes but couldn't focus. I went to my observation window and stared at the portion of her sun deck that I could see. All I could see were her legs stretched out on a chaise. I finally gave up, but before I went into the living room, I draped two towels over the back of the chair in preparation for further activities...just in case.

I couldn't get her body out of my mind and I knew that this was just the beginning. After dinner that evening, I sat across from the laptop to watch a slide show of that day's photos. It was more than I could take. I turned off the lights and sat with my legs spread wide as image after image displayed her charms. Fortunately, I was ready with towels, wet cloths, room deodorizer, and I needed them all. When I finally regained my senses, I came to the realization that while I didn't believe I was turning gay, I couldn't deny what she was doing to me and we hadn't even met. It would be hard to deny it anyway, because my pussy refused to stop throbbing.

The next day was cloudy, with frequent thunder showers so I decided to take a trip into Crawford, a larger town, several hours away. I was going to try to find some toys, since I'd left mine at home. I smiled when I thought of the shock Mom would get when she found them. They would be destroyed or at the very least, thrown into the trash, for sure.

I found the toy store right near the highway. In short order, I had a selection of toys in the car. I saw a camera store as I was leaving town, so I turned around and went back to purchase high powered telephoto lenses for both cameras. I was coming dangerously close to wiping out my bank account so my next stop was at a bank, where I transferred some money from my savings account and withdrew some cash. 
