 An invitation came in the mail with no name and no return address. The invitation was for a Halloween party on Halloween night at a farmhouse out in the boonies. I really don't like Halloween but there was a note at the bottom of the invitation. "Kelli, please come, I want to see you." It was signed, "Your friend and secret admirer." 

I was intrigued but I didn't know if I would go and really didn't know what I would go as. I could go as fat, stuffing my clothes, besides it wouldn't be much of a stretch. A stretch would be a gorgeous large sized model. Or I could dress up as a man, strap down my boobs and wear a black facemask so no one would know who I was. That seemed like the best and the most fun option of the three. 

I found dress pants and a nice dress shirt. When I strapped down my boobs, I did look like a guy and the mask would insure it. I would do to the party, and see who wanted me to be there so bad. Several people asked me what I was going as so I knew that they would be at the party, now I didn't know if I wanted to go. My curiosity was still getting the best of me. 

The night of the party, I got ready. I had on wrangler jeans, which weren't tight enough to show any defining features and my black boots. With my chest strapped down I just looked like I had defined pecks. I had been building muscle so my arms looked pretty good too. I found black gloves so my whole outfit was black. I also put on my man's cologne. I put on the mask and my cowboy hat. I decided to be a masked avenger. This could be fun. 

I went to the party. I presented my invitation and erased the private note. I walked in and found a corner that was dark. We were in a barn. I quickly started picking out people I knew. The outfits showed that most were not with their spouses and were trying to be something else. There was music and a dance floor. I walked up to a girl from the hospital and motioned to dance. She accepted. We were dancing and she whispered in my ear, "Are you a guy or gal? I can't tell." I just shrugged my shoulders. At the end of the dance, I took off my hat, nodded and then signed thank you. She had a very puzzled look cause my spikes were visible through my mask. I went back to the corner to plan my next confusing move. 

All of a sudden a woman caught my eye. She was in a schoolgirl outfit. She was going around kissing every guy in the room. This could be interesting. I went and asked my next target to dance; avoiding the schoolgirl who I was pretty sure was my admirer. Let's see if she can figure me out. 

The woman accepted then came the same question and my response gesture. I had the party a buzz. I danced with every woman in the room, except the schoolgirl. I was saving her for last. People were starting to get drunk and freer. I had women touching and feeling but could not figure me out. I even used the men's restroom just to throw people off. When I came out the schoolgirl grabbed me and said we haven't had the honor. 

She rubbed up against me to feel me up and I grabbed her ass. She dragged me out on the dance floor, and tried to grab my mask while we were dancing. She wanted to know and ruin my fun. I shook my head no as I took away her hands. We finished the dance and she kissed my mask. The room was split as to what I was. I had packed my jeans with a jelly dildo as to add one more element, when I got dressed. 

At one point they gave out prizes for best-dressed man and best-dressed woman. I wasn't surprised that I didn't win until the schoolgirl dragged me up front. They made me a male/female prize and best dressed for the party because no one could figure me out. I bowed my head and took off my hat to the crowd. I heard, "It's a guy" and then some were saying, "No, it's a girl." 

I went back to my corner. Several people came and asked me to dance, male and female, and still no one could tell. I still wasn't sure why I was invited to the party, cause I really didn't fit in with this crowd. I wasn't even sure who my admirer was because there were a few people in the balcony that I hadn't seen dancing on the main floor. 

I was about to go wandering when the schoolgirl pinned me in the corner and said, "I want a kiss. I won't touch you and I will close my eyes, I have to know." I turned her so my back was to the crowd and lifted my mask just to my nose and kissed her first like I thought a guy would and then like I do. 

I lowered my mask and she opened her eyes. She looked puzzled and said, 

"I just don't know." The party was starting to wind down and people were leaving. Girl after girl came to kiss me good night. They had started a ballot box to cast a vote of what I was. I even kissed a few guys and boy did they have a puzzled look.

I was then escorted upstairs with the goody too shoes of the party. They handed me different liquors and I drank them all through a slit in my mask. One person said, I see you have a fake dick in your pants but I think you did it just to throw us off. I bowed my head cockeyed as to say, I guess you will never know. 

I was smart and didn't bring my own vehicle. They even went as far as to check that sometime during the night. I was bored and went downstairs. I still wasn't sure why I was there seeing who threw the party but I had fun. The schoolgirl came up behind me and wrapped her arms around me. "Take me home or lose me forever."

I wanted to laugh but I couldn't. I pulled out a paper that had a note on it. "I may have 1 dick or 2 in my pants. I would do you with the fake one, so you would never know. Good night princess." She cast her vote and walked away. I walked out with a smile on my face. Tonight I was able to be whoever I wanted. 

A couple of days later, there was an article in the paper about the party. It gave the results of the voting, 45 boy, 5 girl. I just smiled. I went to see the schoolgirl at her house. The article was on the table. She said, "You sure missed one hell of a party. You were on of 5 that didn't show." She was trying to get me to react. 

I told her, "I went to bed early, because I don't like Halloween." 

She said, "It's funny because my invitation to you was in the pile." 

"I gave it to the mystery guest to go in my place. IT never gets invited to any parties so I let IT go in my place. IT had a great time. IT got to be ITself and someone else."

She looked at me funny and then dropped it. She didn't get the answer she wanted. As I was getting ready to leave, she came and sat on my lap, looking at me with a look that said, "I have to know." She leaned in to kiss me, so I kissed her different than at the party. She pulled back and said, "Well I am glad that I didn't do your friend." I left her house. I knew this wasn't over, but I would win this game. 

It was a few months later and the schoolgirl sent me a note, "Will you tell your friend that I can't stop thinking about IT. I have told my husband about IT, and he said that I could do IT. Will you ask IT to fulfill my fantasy? IT is driving me crazy. Even if I figure it out, I will never tell a soul, not even my husband. I want my fantasy fulfilled. IT is affecting my sex life. IT is driving me insane." I called her up the next day to set it up. IT would do it. She gave me the time and thanked me for setting it up with IT. 

The appointed night came and I got all dressed up just as I had for the party right down to the finest detail. IT showed up and she asked IT to sit down. She asked if she could call IT Goose for what she said at the party, I nodded yes. She came over and sat with me. She slid onto my lap and said, "Goose, take me to bed or lose me forever." 

I stood up, picked her up and carried her to her bed. I laid her down, shut the door and turned off the light. She put on a blindfold so I could take off my mask. I took control and was dominant, kissing her passionately in both styles. I then laid back and let her play with my dick and do what she wanted. She slurped like it was real, not trying to feel if there was another. 

I flipped her over and stripped her naked. I played with her boobs and then went for the honey pot. I took off my gloves so that I could do her justice. I ate her and played with her till she was on the verge of orgasm and then stopped like most men would do, shoving my dick in her pussy. I fucked her missionary, then I laid down and she mounted up, finally I flipped her over pounding her doggie style when we came together. She was panting as I flipped her back over. 

I dove face first and ate her out, playing with her clit like a pro. She came almost instantly, and for the next 20 minutes. I sent her on a roller coaster ride until she finally passed out on her largest, hardest, longest orgasm. I got dressed, took off her blindfold and sat on the bed until she came to. The bedside lamp was on. I was just looking at her looking so beautiful. 

She smiled and said, "Goose, I know who you are but I will always be your secret admirer. You fuck like a guy; you eat like a girl or a really exceptional man. Kaylee take off the mask and kiss me as you." I pulled up the mask just far enough to reveal my lips and I kissed her, as me. It was time to be myself. I slipped down my mask, gave her the thank you sign and walked away.

Moral of the story-

Never judge a book by its cover, it might be deceiving.