 Sally was already in the office when I arrived.

"Hi Helena, ready for another day?"

I smiled back at her "Of course"

She handed me some cassette tapes and said "Good, could you type these letters up please".

About 10 minutes later, I walked into her office with the letters and handed them over.

"Very good" she said "but how do you spell the surname Chumley?"

"C-H-U-M-L-E-Y like I spelt it there?" I ventured

"If it was like you have written it here, I wouldn't have asked." 

"Ah, you have a point."

She looked up at me "It is spelt C-H-O-L-M-O-N-D-L-E-Y. And what about Strawn"

"S-T-R-A-W-N?"

"No, it's spelt S-T-R-A-C-H-A-N. I should fine you for each mistake."

"Well, until payday, all I have are the clothes I stand up in and my bed!" I joked

She looked at me and smiled a knowing smile.

I took off my shoes. "Where shall I put them?"

"Just leave them there."

I corrected the mistakes although I must admit that I was tempted to just type "kjsdhsajsdb asjkhfd askjd ajdasdb", walk in and strip naked but then again, that would ruin the anticipation part of the game and anticipation is the great thrill of stripping games.

The rest of the morning was fairly uneventful until, at about 10:30, the lunch van arrived. For those of you who don't know, on some industrial estates there are lunch vans which come around and sell sandwiches, crisps, fizzy drinks and some warmer food most of which is kind of yellow on the top with meat under it and looks vaguely like what you would expect to see if Big Bird spontaneously exploded.

I walked into Sally's office and put my shoes on.

"What are you doing, Helena?" Sally grinned mischievously.

"The sandwich van is outside and I need to go out and buy something for lunch."

"You had to pay your shoes as a fine. That means that you can't use them." 

"I can't go out barefoot."

She shrugged.

"Am I allowed to trade what I have taken off?"

She smiled at me again.

I untucked my blouse and reached up my back. I unhooked my bra, slid the straps down my arms and pulled it out. I dropped it near my shoes and then reached up my skirt and edged down my knickers and added them to the pile. I then put on my shoes and walked out of the office.

As I stood in the queue for the van swaying slightly from side to side and enjoying the feeling of my blouse against my nipples, I felt someone standing very close behind me. As I swayed, I could feel their hands rubbing my buttocks gently through my skirt. Although the hands were being held still, their owner knew what I was doing and knew what they were doing and I could feel the moisture building between my legs.

I suddenly came to my senses stopped swaying and casually turned round to see who it was. I was confronted with a young woman, maybe 25 years old, slightly overweight with dark hair, green eyes and glasses. She was standing with her hands clasped in front of her holding a purse.

It was the secretary from the office opposite. I stood there speechless. What do you say to someone who has seen you naked but who you have never met?

"Hi. I'm Karen"

"Hi Karen"

"You know, you are more attractive up close than at a distance"

I didn't know how to respond. "Thank you. So are you." I ventured.

She smiled at me and moved forwards so that her clasped hands rubbed against my pussy. She extended the fingers of one hand and gave me a slight rub. I felt a great jolt of excitement run though me. Here I was being felt up in a public place by a woman I hardly knew.

"Are you ladies going to buy anything?" Oh hell, I had forgotten about the sandwich man.

I bought a sandwich and a can of Coke and waited for Karen with one item in each hand. We both headed back to the door to the building and when we reached it, Karen said "I'll get the door as your hands are full."

She stood in the doorway and I rubbed past her making as much body contact as I could. As our faces passed each other she smiled and said "You're getting a little frisky." She let the door shut so we were both in the corridor.

"You're looking a little warm." She said. It was very corny but sometimes "Let me take your clothes off" is too direct.

"Am I?" I replied as "Please take my clothes off" sounds a little desperate.

"Yes, let me help you as your hands are full."

She unbuttoned my blouse and pushed it off my shoulders and it fell to the floor, exposing my naked tits. She moved her hand to the left one and started massaging; firstly the whole boob but then more and more on the nipple until it stood erect. At the same time, she moved her head down to my right one and took the nipple in her mouth, massaging it gently with her tongue as a wave of intense pleasure swept over me.

I felt her hands on the zipper on the back of my skirt and the state I was in, I wasn't going to stop her no matter where we were. She pulled her head back from my nipple and started kissing me, first my chin, then my neck, then at the base of my neck, between my boobs, under my boobs, belly button, top of my slit. She stood up and buried her tongue deep into my mouth all the while her hand was working on my pussy lips making me wetter and wetter. She slid in a finger and then two, working away more and more intently, massaging, rubbing and working away at my clit until I exploded with orgasmic ecstasy.

Karen smiled, kissed me and said "You look like you enjoyed that"

"You could say that"

With that, she was gone, leaving me completely nude in the corridor holding a sandwich and a can of Coke, while the aftershocks of the orgasm worked their way through me.

"I wondered where you had got to".

Sally!

"Sorry, something came up"

"So I can see. Anyone we know?"

"Karen, the secretary from the office opposite."

"And she did this?"

"Yes, but I did help a little."

"Well you had better get back to the office. Don't worry about your clothes; I'll get them for you. You owe me all these in fines for missed telephone calls. In fact, you owe me another 8 items."

"I don't have enough clothes on me to pay."

"Then you will have to pay with future clothes. For the next week, you can either take off your underwear when you arrive or not wear any."

"But 8 items is 4 lots of knickers and bras not 5!"

"Ever heard of interest?"

I certainly had. And this next week could be full of interest!!