 This is purely work of fiction.

I had been lonely and super horny since I broke up with my last boyfriend. I couldn't blame him since I cheated on him with a girl I met in the subway. She had been horny and just like I had always been, I smiled at her first. She had this gorgeous, curvy body, around 5'11" and I could see her 32D cup breast from the white tank top she was wearing with the blue jeans that fit her excellently. I had never seen such beautiful green eyes like she had. I have never hit on a girl before but I always wanted to taste pussy and pleasure a woman. This girl must have noticed me since I was shamelessly staring at her in public. She walked over to me;

"Hey girl." She said to me.

"Hello, sorry. That must have been weird, me staring at you." I said. I didn't know what else to say but I knew what I wanted to do.

"I am Yvonne by the way and don't worry, people stare at me all the time." Yvonne said, I guess to make me feel at ease.

"You're beautiful, and sexy." I said, referring to the reason why people stared at her. Yvonne took it the wrong way;

"Are you hitting on me?" She asked, almost yelling at me. Luckily the subway was not as crowded since it was late at night. I had been working late that night.

"Am sorry it came out that way." I said, trying to take my words back.

"I am just messing with you bitch. I think I like you too." She said, looking at my ass. 

I smiled at Yvonne and she kissed me on the lips. It happened so fast that I didn't [have time to think it through but the good thing is that I loved it. I had kissed a few girls before but this was very experienced. 

"Hey, do you want to have a few drinks, it's still early." She asked. 

I thought I would get to know my girl crush better since it was only 11pm and I didn't have to go to work the next day. 

"Yeah, I don't mind a few drinks." I said, shying away from looking at her. 

We went to G club just a few meters from the subway and we ordered. Well, it was weird to accept drinks from a girl but it felt good. After a few rounds of drinks, Yvonne kissed me once again but this time she pulled me closer. Her lips were moist from the freshly applied lip gloss. She was turning me on whenever she wiggled her tongue in my mouth. She put her hand on my breast and squeezed it. I think I almost came right there. 

"Let's go back to my place." I whispered in her ear. 

"That sounds like a really good idea." She said in this sexy voice that made me even wetter. Wasn't this girl sexy. 

She held my hand and led me out of the club just after she paid the bill. She couldn't keep her hands off me once we got into a cab. She parted my legs and at the same kissing my earlobes. She reached to my clean shaven pussy and rubbed my clit using her thumb while her index and middle fingers proceeded to the opening of my dripping slit. She put the two fingers in my pussy and I let out a soft moan attracting the cab driver's attention, who now had his junk in his hand. I was living my fantasy, watching someone jerk off while having a good time in the back seat of a cab. He dropped us at my apartment and said it was okay we didn't have to pay. When I was getting out of the car, I could see that the guy had cum all over his pants. 

"We're here. Come in." I said as I opened the door to my place. She literary grabbed me and stuck her tongue in my mouth and hungrily kissed me. I had thought of leading me to my bedroom but she pushed me and I fell on the couch. Yvonne dropped on her knees and pushed her hands up my short skirt. She pushed my knickers aside and pushed her two fingers in me again but this time harder and deeper. I was moaning loudly and my breaths were increasing as I exploded in an orgasm. Yvonne pulled my pink panties off and I was naked and very horny at that moment. She pushed my skirt higher and dove in my pussy not letting any of my cum go to waste. She was very talented girl as she ate me until I came for the third time that night. I could barely move my feet but she concentrated on pleasuring me first but I also wanted her to feel good. 

"Well, that was amazing!" I said after she cleaned me up and kissed me leaving the taste of my own juices in my mouth.

"You think that was amazing, I wonder what you will say after. I give you a real fuck" She said and before I knew it she stripped naked and put on her strap on dildo and that thing was huge. I have a few vibes in my night stand but I had never seen such a huge fake dick. The sight of it sent chills down my spine and I almost came straight up. 

"Oh my God, I have never done this before." I uttered.

"Relax, I have done this all my life and I promise you will want to do this all the time." She said, placing a kiss on my pussy.

Before I was ready, she pushed the dildo in me and I was gasping for air. The house was full of nudity, screams and nothing but sex. Yvonne was determined in making me cum more times than I had with my boyfriend. 

"Oh, I am cumming, I am cumming" I screamed and Yvonne pushed harder and deeper. I came hard and it lasted longer than it ever had before. Yvonne had also cum but that was just the beginning. 

Once her dildo was out of my very wet pussy, I went on my knees and sucked her dildo tasting cum all over. The dildo was too big that I gagged. I was getting turned on again but it was my time to pleasure her and I would do a good job as she had. 

I ate her beautiful and sweet pussy until I had her cumming and screaming. Every time I stuck my tongue in her sweet wet pussy, she would call out my name which made me even more aroused. I loved the taste of her cum and she loved me sticking my face in her pussy.

I finally got one of my dildos from the bedroom and made love to Yvonne using it, which made her cum severally. 

We finally fell asleep on the couch with her in my arms. She left the next morning leaving me wanting more of her pussy juices. Although lost my boyfriend when he found out about her, I don't regret having the best girl on girl sex.