 Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Natalie. I am 38 years old and I am an executive at a large corporation that everybody knows. I'm also divorced, mainly because I am married to my career. My husband was a concession to the company as expectations are that executives will be "good upstanding family people." Not that I am not attracted to men, mind you. It's just that I understand that my focus has always been on work and not on relationships. Even in college I never had a boyfriend last for more than a month or so as I was focused on my studies. Not that they didn't try. I never lacked for choice of guys (and even a few girls in my sorority) trying to get into my pants. Even at my age I still turn heads athough I'm a little softer and curvier than I was 20 years ago.

Since my divorce last year I have struggled getting back into the dating scene. Although I'm attractive, the men that turn my fancy seem to all want younger women. But sexually I have needs even if I tend to repress them to work more. I have basically given up on finding a "boyfriend" and instead have relegated myself to finding a good one night stand when my needs break through my attempts to repress them. This New Years Eve (spent at a party with work friends but without a date) I made the clichéd decision to join a gym and try to get into better shape and give up the quest for a mate completely. 

I found a small gym near my house that seemed perfect for my needs. It was open early enough for me to go before work and also had evening hours which meant I could burn off any pent up sexual energy when needed. The gym was pretty basic. There was a free weight room, a room with weight machines, a room for treadmills and ellipticals, a couple of aerobics and message studios and a basic locker room facility. It seemed to attract a mix of hard core fitness types and "social" gym types looking more for a hook up. As usual, once I made a decision I went at hit hard core. I alternated between weights and cardio days arriving at 5am when they opened. 45 minutes later I would be in the shower and home just after 6 to get dressed in my conservative suit for work. I didn't make many friends beyond the daughter of the owner who usually opened the place. She was the one who suggested I take one of the aerobics classes. I didn't know it then, but that simple suggestion changed the course of my life.

Her name was Kristy and she taught the beginner's aerobics class. She was 19 and going to school for a personal trainer's license although I could not see anything she had to learn to succeed in the fitness arena. I wasn't sure if she was taking it easy on us because it was the first class or because she thought that was all the beginners could handle, but I was breezing through her routine. It was so easy that I was able to let my mind wander a bit. I must admit that I had daydreamed about some hunk on the treadmill next to me before (even though I had made a pact with myself that the gym was for work not play) but instead of some beefy guy I found my attention drawn to Kristy and the way she moved. This surprised me. 

She was very beautiful. As you would expect she was thin and muscular. Not bodybuilder muscular but toned and perfectly shaped. She had the angelic face of youth, small breasts as you would expect on someone with such low body fat, long blond hair pulled into a pony tail and the most exquisitely tight backside I'd ever seen. Did I really just describe another woman's ass as exquisite? I shook my head trying to clear out the naughty thoughts. She was half my age. Heck if I had any kids they could be her age. And I wasn't attracted to women let alone girls.

As I said before in college I had no shortage of choices for partners and a couple of the known lesbian girls in my sorority tried to recruit me. I'd always pushed them away although one night at a party when I was drunk I did end up making out with one of them. She even managed to get her hands under my shirt before I came to my senses. I had to stop her because if she moved on to snaking her digits down my pants she would have found I was wet for her. I know college is the time for experimentation and in retrospect I should have let her do whatever she wanted, but at the time I was naïve and scared of being labeled gay. Now with 20 more years of life experience behind me, maybe my mind was trying to tell me something. I looked at her again.

Her movements, though purposeful, seemed graceful and elegant. Her pony tail bobbed back and forth and I imagined one of my single night studs grabbing hold of it while he drilled her from behind. She had so much stamina. She must be a great fuck, I mused. Some guy was undoubtedly lucky to be enjoying her body. As I fantasized about what she looked like grunting under the purposeful assault of a suitor, I found my pussy beginning to moisten. It has been some time since I'd' gone hunting for some cock. I masturbated frequently to take the edge off, but I missed orgasming with the help of another hot sweaty body. Maybe Friday night I'd have to do something about the itch. Class ended and we headed to the showers. Kristy unfortunately didn't join us. I quickly rinsed off and got dressed. The eyeful of naked women in the dressing room and my idealized vision of Kristy was enough to convince me I had a date with my trusty vibrator at home.

That night I had my first orgasm thinking about Kristy but it wasn't my last. At first my fantasies involved her and I having a three way with a lucky guy. Then they progressed to her doing me while he watched and waited to join in and soon the guy was no longer there and I was just thinking about her. At the gym my cardio health was improving thanks to Kristy's classes and my workout regiment. Other class members would graduate to an intermediate class and new people would take their place, but I remained in the beginner's class. Not because I couldn't handle more. On the contrary it was hardly difficult to complete the routines at this point. But Kristy only taught the beginners and I wasn't about to miss hiding in the back and watching her to drive my fantasies. She didn't seem to mind. Actually she hardly acknowledged my presence. I was thinking she just wasn't into women until Charlotte joined the class.

Charlotte was between Kristy and I in age and had an amazing body that oozed sex appeal. Like me she clearly was beyond the beginner's class. Unlike me she did not hide at the back of the class. She stood front and center and openly stared at Kristy. Charlotte intently watched Kristy move and in turn made sure she was showing off her own body to anyone who cared to look. Of course I mostly got a view of her exceptionally tight butt in her Lycra workout pants. Kristy on the other hand would always be treated to an expressive jiggle from her firm breasts which always seemed poised to burst from her sports tank top. I contemplated moving to the front of the class to get a better look. She seemed like the kind of woman I could fantasize about giving me a change of pace from my Kristy.

After Wednesday night's class Kristy told us Friday's class would be cancelled because she had some kind of party to go to. I was disappointed. Friday night was when I did my best masturbating and not seeing Kristy would put a damper on my fantasies. Kristy then told us that she would be holding individual workouts for anyone in the class who wanted to make up the time. She said she had reserved one of the message rooms for two hours Friday afternoon and four hours Saturday morning. She said there was a sign up sheet on the door and we could choose our times. Then she dismissed us to the showers. As the group began to head to the locker room I noticed Charlotte heading back toward the message rooms. Apparently she wanted her pick of the private classes. I continued with the rest of the class and grabbed a quick shower. As I was dressing I notice Charlotte return. Her locker was at the end of the row opposite of mine. I didn't make it too obviously but I did sneak a couple of peeks as she peeled her sweat soaked workout clothes off and wrapped a town around her magnificent body. Damn, if I had only gone with her to sign up for the class I could have been in the shower with her instead of getting dressed. Oh well. Mental note. Next week arrange to shower next to her.

I overheard a couple of the other women mention signing up for Kristy's special classes so I decided to check out the sign up sheet. Saturday mornings I usually lounge about the house recovering from Friday night but maybe a private workout is what I needed to assess how much progress I had actually made. I joined their group and we headed back to the message rooms. As I expected Charlotte had signed up. She took the first slot at 4pm Friday. There was another opening at 5pm and the rest were Saturday. The other girls quickly started grabbing the Saturday morning times. I was hoping nobody else would take the one remaining Friday time as that would allow me to have my usual Friday night stud search and leave me recovery time on Saturday. Joyfully when it was my turn the 5pm was still open. I signed my name thinking I would get to see not only Kristy but my new crush Charlotte as well.

Friday afternoon at work I was distracted to say the least. I'd masturbated to my fantasy girls the last two nights and now I was going to be alone with Kristy for 45 minutes or an hour. I left work early to head to the gym. I put on my most appealing workout outfit and headed over to the weight room. I knew Charlotte would be arriving soon and I wanted to get a look at her before she met with Kristy. The weight room was off the main hallway so I tried to stay on machines where I could look out the door. About ten minutes to 4 I took a break and slowly drank a bottle of water standing near the door where I could spy on her. She did not disappoint. 

She had on a tank top I had not seen before that hugged her breasts just like I had fantasized about doing with my hands. Her nipples were also obviously erect. Her shorts were so tight they looked painted on and she was wearing far too much makeup for going to a workout. Her hair was also down instead of up. If she had been wearing high heeled shoes instead of her sneakers I would have thought she was on a porno movie set. I almost choked on my water I was so taken aback. She didn't walk. She strutted back to the message rooms. I felt my pussy begin to lubricate as I watched her ass. It was obvious she wasn't wearing panties. A g-string maybe, but there was obviously nothing on her cheeks. I wondered what her plan for my sweet Kristy was because she looked like she was on the prowl.

I lifted weights for a few more minutes, but I was too distracted to focus. I walked down the hallway to Kristy's room. The sign up sheet was now full. Besides Charlotte and I today, there were six other women signed up for tomorrow. I put my ear to the door trying to hear what was going on but all I could hear was the music Kristy normally played during class. I pictured Charlotte bouncing up and down giving Kristy an erotic show as they both worked up a sweat. The heat from my pussy was growing as my mind began running through the scenarios I usually reserved for my bedroom. The noise of someone walking down the hallway snapped me back to reality. I turned and walked back toward the weight room. As I passed the entrance to the locker room my pussy became more demanding. I still had half an hour until my class time so I ducked into the locker room and headed to the furthest toilet stall.

I noticed the bathroom was empty so I had no reluctance to jam my hand into my workout pants the instant the toilet stall door was closed. My panties were already damp. I knew my mental stimulation meant I would cum quickly so I didn't even bother to get my fingers behind the waistband. I just started rubbing myself through my panties. With my left hand I started squeezing my breasts. I thought about pulling off my top to give my hand better access but as turned on as I was, I doubted it would have mattered. Within a couple of minutes I could feel the first rushes of an impending climax. My lust for both women had overtaken me. I was about to scream in pleasure when I heard the bathroom door open. I dropped my breast and covered my mouth just as the first edge of orgasm hit me. I struggled to remain quiet. I was shaking, I was stomping my feet, I was screaming in pleasure but all without making a sound. I'd never cum so hard and the struggle to remain quiet magnified the excitement. I heard the woman sit down in another stall and slide the bolt to lock the door. I pulled my hand out of my pants and on wobbly knees got out of there as fast as I could. I sat down by my locker for a couple of minutes to catch my breath and then headed back to the message rooms. It was now 4:50.

As I reached the room the door swung open and a now disheveled Charlotte walked out. She was soaked with sweat, her makeup was ruined, her hair was a mess but her nipples were still hard. She smiled at me but didn't say a word and headed up the hallway. Kristy called me to come in. The tiny room was humid. Kristy was also very sweaty, although she carried it better than Charlotte.

"Give me a couple minutes to get a bottle of water and we'll get started," she told me.

I watched her ass as she walked out the room. She didn't appear to have panties on either. I then looked around the room. There was a message table, a small desk and a couple of chairs. The predominate smell was sweat, but I also detected the unmistakable scent of female arousal. Whether it was from Charlotte and Kristy or from me I couldn't tell. I felt my knees begin to go weak again as I pictured what kind of workout my fantasy girls may have really enjoyed. I put my hands on the desk to steady myself. The laminate top was still warm. I moved my hand and the temperature cooled dramatically about 18 inches in. I then moved my hand from side to side. There was definitely a warm spot the size of someone sitting on the desk. My body was beyond my control. I bent over and put my nose on the desk and inhaled. Again I thought I smelled pussy, but was my mind playing tricks on me or was I just smelling my own overheated core. I heard footsteps and was able to stand just in time to avoid getting caught. Kristy walked in and locked the door. She then put on her music, although not as loud as it had been when I had listened through the door. She then walked to the center of the room and turned to face me.

"So are you ready for your workout?" she asked.

I could only nod as my fantasy vision stood before me. I was unable to speak.

Kristy moved toward me. My feet felt like they were encased in cement. She reached forward and took both of my hands in her's.

"I've been watching you. You think you are hiding in the back but I know why you stay in the beginner's class. You are not the first one of my students to fall in love with me."

I was stunned. She was looking straight at me when she told me she could see through my soul. I felt my eyes look around the room as I searched for the right answer. Obviously I would be lying and just as obviously she would know what I was doing.

"I don't know what you are talking about?" I finally said indignantly. "I'm not in love with you."

She just smirked. Well smirked, dropped my left hand and pushed her right hand onto the steaming crotch of my workout pants.

"I smelled this pussy when you walked in," she pronounced as she began to message me through the thin fabric. An involuntary moan escaped my lips.

"See, I knew I was right," she said. "You're loving this."

I couldn't deny it. Her hand rubbing my sensitive clit through the thin material felt amazing. Again my knees began to weaken as my arousal began to spike. I could feel myself putting more of my weight against her hand. With her left hand she pulled my right hand to her left breast. Like I told you she was very small up top but I could feel a very large firm nipple. She sighed as I touched it for the first time. She then began to pull my hand in circles forcing me to rub her nipple back and forth.

"I've had my eye on you for a while Natalie," she proclaimed. "This is the kind of workout you want isn't it?"

Again all I could do was nod. That made Kristy smile. She dropped my hands and told me to sit down at on one of the chairs. I did as she instructed immediately. She then stripped off her workout clothes. I wondered if I should do the same but I waited for further instruction instead. Kristy open the desk drawer and pulled out a headband and a couple of wrist bands. She also pulled out a chrome vibrator and set them on the desk.

"On your knees in front of me," she commanded and quickly I was kneeling before her. "Hands behind your back." Again I complied without delay. She twisted both wrist bands and used them to tie my hands together.

"You can easily get out of these if you want, but if you do, this will be our last time together. Do you understand?"

I was beginning to find my very excited voice. "Yes I understand," I responded.

"Take a good look at me, Natalie," she said. "I'm going to blindfold you the rest of our time together. Again you could shake this off easily, but the same rules as the wristbands apply. You lose the headband, we are done."

She didn't bother to ask if I understood. She knew I did. I watched her pick up the headband and the room when dark. Well not totally dark. The mesh material was hardly that effective. The room really went gray and I could make out shapes. But the power exchange of being bound and blindfolded on my knees was complete. My juices were leaking out of my pussy and I could feel the wetness was no longer being contained by my panties. There was just too much of it. I could feel it tickle my thighs and I waited for her next move. That move was to turn the music up to the same level it had been when I tried to listen through the door. I know had to wonder whether she had put Charlotte in this same position and whether she had plans to do the same to other class members.

I saw her shadow pass in front of me and then felt her hand on the back of my head. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure what would come next. I joyfully opened my mouth and was rewarded with the sweetest pussy I could ever imagine. 

OK, I didn't have much to compare it to and maybe it was because I'd been lusting after her for so long, but she really did taste wonderful and I had no desire to slip free of her wristbands and escape. 

"Good mama," she cooed. "That's right, clean your little girl's pussy for her."

The kinkiness of the situation suddenly came flooding back to me. My temptress was half my age and I was old enough to be her mother. I felt a wave of shame crash over me as well as a swell of dizziness. But I didn't stop. I stuck my tongue out as far as I could going deep into her pussy while I alternated sucking and nibbling of her clit. She held my head tight. It was obvious I wasn't going anywhere until she was satisfied. She continued to grind on my face. Her mews were music to my ears. I was pleased with myself that she was getting pleasure from me. Or was that taking pleasure from me? It didn't matter. I was turned on by being used as her fuck toy and soon as I rewarded with a flood of her juices as she climaxed. Then I felt her back away. I tilted my head up as if to look at her although I made sure not to move too fast so I didn't disrupt the blindfold.

"That was wonderful Natalie," she complemented me. "I can tell you are not that experienced, but it was a fine effort for a novice. That damn tease Charlotte left me hanging."

I wasn't sure if her rating my oral skills was a complement for a slam, but I obviously rated higher than Charlotte which I liked to hear. Now it must be my turn, I figured. I was wrong. 
