 Natalie walked carefully up the long staircase up to the fourth floor. She didn't want to trip on her heels, the stiletto heels weren't something she was used to but she was here to make an impression wasn't she? She reached the door she was looking for, the gold numbers proclaiming that at long last, she was at apartment 407. She tugged and the leather jacket she wore, trying to arrange it over her naked body. "What am I doing?" She thought to herself. She took a deep breath but couldn't bring herself to knock. Her thoughts drifted to the events of three night's prior. --- She had been sitting at the bar; a place she'd walked into without knowing it was for women only. She was nervous, not knowing why she hadn't left immediately. She was drinking heavily, trying to muster up courage, for what though? Natalie was so lost in her drink and thoughts, she hadn't noticed the tall woman who sat beside her. "Hey. What are you doing here?" the woman asked casually. Natalie looked up with a start. "What?" she blurted out, scared that one of them was talking to her. "I asked why you were here, you're straight aren't you?" the woman raised her eyebrow at Natalie. She waved the bartender over and ordered a drink. When her drink had come and Natalie still hadn't answered, she got up and left to the dance floor. Natalie sat, stunned. Why hadn't she said anything? Why did she just sit there like an idiot? Natalie ordered another drink and upon its consumption, had convinced herself to go talk to the tall brunette. She walked (a bit unsteadily) to the dance floor. She found the woman in the crowd and sauntered to her side. "You're right." She shouted over the loud music. "I am." The woman grinned and grabbed Natalie by the waist. Natalie, to shocked to fight off the gesture (or maybe too drunk) let her. The woman pulled her close and began to whisper in her ear. "Me and a few girlfriends get together for Monday Night Football. I think you should come and join us." Natalie opened her mouth to refuse the invitation and almost immediately, the woman took advantage. She thrust her tongue into her mouth and began to kiss her. Natalie was stunned. She began to feel dizzy and almost instantly, her panties were wet. The room span and her knees went weak. She clung to the broad shoulders of the stranger and felt the woman tighten her grip. She was in a state of bliss when she was released. Natalie stood, looking at this woman, aghast at her behavior. The woman laughed a little and slipped a piece of paper into Natalie's hand. She then walked off the dance floor and out of the bar. Natalie stood there, staring at the paper. An address and a time were printed in blue ink.

Natalie began her drive home in the pre dawn hours. She reached her house without too much trouble and stumbled in, turning on the lights as she went. She went into her bedroom and began to undress. The cool air hit her body as she shed her clothes. Her nipples went hard and an open window let in the breeze, which drifted over her. Her body tingled and with a start, Natalie realized just how much she was excited. She lay down in bed and thought over the evening's events. She thought of the tall woman with the dark eyes and strong hands. She wondered what exactly lesbians did in bed at night. She remembered that kiss, the one that left her weak and wet. Again and again, visions of the woman went through her head. She lay there, pondering the physics of it all, she tossed and turned in her bed until finally, she couldn't stand it anymore.

Natalie rose out of bed and put on her robe. She didn't bother to tie it; she was home alone after-all. She walked into her living room and sat on the couch. She turned on the television, hoping for a distraction. Something to keep her mind off the stranger. She flipped through all the basic channels, which at this hour had only infomercials or news on. As the channels flickered past her she yawned. Nothing seemed interesting enough. Natalie looked out the window for a moment, wondering what the stranger was doing at this hour. "Probably sleeping." She muttered to herself. An image on the screen flickered past but her finger, holding down the channel button, didn't let go fast enough. She slowly went down the channels until she saw it again. She stared at the screen. The two women were laying one on top of another, in the position which she knew to be the "69". She was riveted. Both had shaved themselves, and at the moment, both were incredibly busy licking and sucking on one another. They moaned and groaned. They pushed each-others faces harder into themselves. Their bodies writhed and glistened with sweat.

Natalie watched with avid interest, wondering if that's what the stranger liked to do. Natalie began to feel warm so she removed her robe. Her body shone in the flickering light from the T.V, her full breasts were heaving with excitement. She had never really watched anything quite like it before. Without her realization, her hands had both drifted up t o her breasts. She began to pinch and pull at her hard nipples. She moaned slightly and began to slowly, move her hips back and forth with the same motion she watched. Her legs spread apart, the hairs she kept neatly trimmed were glistening with the flow seeping out of her cunt.

One hand caressed the length of her torso, and found its way to the ache building inside. She inserted one finger into her wet pussy and began to drive it in and out. Pleasure filled her every sense as she watched the women on the screen. They had switched positions and now one was feverishly fucking another with a large dildo shaped to be the exact replica of a penis. She inserted another finger and her other hand left her breast to play with her swollen clit. She bucked her hips and moaned loudly, pushing herself in deeper. She imagined that it wasn't herself bring her such pleasure, but instead, the tall stranger. She envisioned her head in between her thighs, sucking greedily on her pussy, slurping out all the cum. The fantasy proved to be too much and Natalie burst into an outrageous orgasm. Her cum rushed out soaking her sofa and thighs. She breathed unsteadily, her eyes never leaving the screen. Both women had too, reached an orgasm and were now, clinging to each other. Natalie realized that she too, longed to cling to another woman. She decided she would make sure it happened on Monday night. If things went her way, football wouldn't be the main attraction this time!

So now she stood outside of the very address the woman had given her. She could hear the cheers from inside. It sounded like quite a crowd in there! Again, she took a deep breath and this time, she knocked. She stood the, almost ready to play "ding-dong-ditch" when the door swung open.

The woman whose face she had seen every night since Friday night stood there. When she realized who it was at her door, her face broke out into the grin that had won Natalie over in the first place. "I'm glad you came". She said. "But I think you're a bit over dressed." Natalie smiled and said, "Maybe, but then again, maybe I'm under dressed?" My name is Alicia by the way she said over her shoulder as she led Natalie into the room where everyone was gathered.

"Hey guys, my friend Natalie is here." Alicia announced. Natalie gave a general wave across the room as everyone's head turned from the game, to her. Alicia looked at Natalie, and began to point across the room. "That's Heather, Josie, Rose and my wife, Nancy." Natalie looked surprised at Alicia's use of the word wife. Alicia saw it one her face and smiled, "Well, we would be if we could anyhow." Looking at Natalie, Alicia noticed that she must have been wearing something very short. The hem of her coat came mid thigh and there didn't seem to be anything underneath. "Can I take your coat?" Alicia asked. Natalie shook her head. "No, not just yet thanks. I'm kinda cold." Alicia nodded and patted on a spot next to her on the couch. Natalie took her seat.

She sat and watched the game for awhile, not really comprehending the rules or the announcer. She cheered when the other girls did, but had something else on her mind. He women in the room weren't what her mother had always told her lesbians looked like. They weren't wearing men's clothes; none had short hair, or deep voices. In fact, they looked just like any other woman she might have met. Natalie recalled the movie she had seen late that night. She began to tingle again. She thought of the woman next to her, and the searing kiss that she had given her.

As if Alicia could read her mind, she reached out and placed a hand on her thigh. Natalie looked at it, then up at Alicia's face. Alicia was staring at her with an interest Natalie couldn't quite place. "It's gonna be half time soon." She said. "Wanna help me get some stuff from the kitchen?" Natalie nodded and stood after Alicia. Alicia leaned over and whispered into Nancy's ear. Nancy chuckled and nodded.

Natalie followed Alicia into the kitchen, and stood next to the counter as Alicia began to rummage out cold beers and other assortments from the fridge. "So Natalie?" Alicia asked, "Why did you show up?" Natalie thought about her response carefully. "I'm curious." She finally said. Alicia looked up at her from inside the fridge. "Oh yea? About what?" Natalie gulped a little and decided to do what she came for. "I want to know what it feels like to be with a woman."

Alicia didn't say anything, but led her back into the living room. "Nancy, Heather, Josie, Rose" At the sound of their names each woman turned to look in her direction. I think we're going to have some half-time entertainment of our own this time. Natalie looked at Alicia, surprise on her face. "I didn't mean." she began, but was interrupted when Alicia pulled on the tie that held her coat together. It slid open easily enough revealing that she was naked underneath. Alicia walked behind Natalie slowly and pulled her coat off, so she stood, naked and embarrassed, in front of the five women.

Natalie understood tat there was no way she was going to walk out of here now, so she decided to make the best of the situation. If Alicia wanted to do this in front of her friends and wife, so be it. They could watch. It couldn't hurt her any could it? Alicia led Natalie to the bedroom. Her companions followed them, each holding something in their hands. Once in the bedroom, Alicia laid Natalie down on the bed. Natalie swallowed and looked at Alicia. She closed her eyes and gave in to whatever it was that Alicia was going to do. Alicia climbed over her, and gently pulled her arms above her head. Before Natalie could open her eyes, the strap to her coat was used to tie her wrists to the headboard of the bed. Natalie opened her mouth in protest but it was silenced with Alicia's kiss. Natalie's head swooned. That kiss! Alicia's hands roamed over Natalie's body over her ripe breasts, and flat stomach. Alicia lowered her mouth to Natalie's breast and began to suck on her nipple. It became hard in her mouth as she ran her tongue over it. She bit gently on it and grazed her teeth over it. Natalie moaned and arched her back up trying to get more of it into Alicia's mouth. Alicia used her hand to fondle her other breast, bringing her other nipple to the same condition. Natalie saw the other women in the room begin to undress. She watched as Nancy helped Alicia out of her clothes as well. They all positioned themselves around Natalie on the bed. Alicia's head moved lower across her belly to the curly hairs that waited for her. She took in the scent. Breathing in heavily. Josie on one side and Rose on another each took one of Natalie's legs and pulled them apart. Josie and Rose each wrapped their legs around Natalie's and laid next to her, with their faces on her breasts, sucking lavishly, teasing her swollen nipples with their tongues. Natalie shivered with delight as she felt Alicia's tongue slide down the length of her pussy slit. Alicia groaned and spread Natalie's lips apart. Her clit was swollen and throbbing. Alicia flicked her tongue over it, causing Natalie to jump with a start. Natalie arched her back again, wanting more of this indescribable feeling. Alicia lowered her head and wrapped her lips around her clit. She began to suckle it. Roaming her tongue on it as she did so. Natalie moaned and squirmed on the bed. The feel of he two women on her breasts and Alicia where she had imagined, between her thighs, sucking on her hard clit was incredible! Natalie had never felt anything like it before. Groaning Natalie began to buck her hips back and forth against Alicia's face. "Yes, Yes," she cried, "Suck me, Oh God, it feels so good, suck my clit Alicia." Alicia, excited by the encouragement, did exactly as she was told.

Natalie felt her cum running out and onto Alicia's face. She wondered what it would taste like. "Alicia, I want your pussy in my mouth!" she gasped. "Please, I want to taste you too!" Without missing a beat, Alicia swung her hips over Natalie's face and placed her dripping cunt into Natalie's eagerly awaiting mouth. Nancy had been busy herself, rummaging through the drawers until she found what she was looking for. The large dildo was just like the one she had seen in the porno. It glistened with the lube Nancy had put on it. She crawled onto the bed. She watched as her wife sucked on the girl's clit and her friends the girl's nipples. She grinned when she caught Alicia's eye. She sat between Natalie's spread legs and pushed the dildo inside of her. Natalie would have gasped if she weren't so busy sucking on Alicia's pussy. Nancy began to slowly move the dildo in and out of Natalie's cunt. She worked it faster and faster while Alicia concentrated her efforts as did Rose and Josie. Ripples of pleasure raced though Natalie. She felt it all at the same time, her tits being sucked, her clit being sucked on and her pussy being fucked by these beautiful women and the taste of Alicia's cunt with her cum dripping into her mouth. She couldn't help herself anymore and she cried out, "Oh God, I'm going to cum!" Her body shook and cum came pouring out soaking Alicia's face and Nancy's hands. Alicia pushed her pussy back down onto Natalie and bucked back and forth, rubbing cum all over Natalie's face, getting it in her nose, and mouth, She gripped onto Natalie's legs and came too, groaning as she did, pressing even harder into Natalie. Josie and Rose, leaped off of Natalie and into each others arms, 69ing themselves until each girl came into the others mouth, while Alicia took care of Nancy's needs.

Afterwards, they untied Natalie's arms and the slept together, in the one bed with he room smelling of sweat and cum. Just like Natalie had imagined, just with a few more people involved.