 This is a true story. The girls in this story are 36 (Me) and a 24 years old (the girl I was with).

****

This morning was kinda special for me. I woke up early and logged into my adult online game to see if my wife Candy, a Transgender Female, was on and she was. 

We talked for a bit about some things and then I dragged her to one of the virtual beds and gave her a nice blow job before I let her fuck me. I didn't have much time to really get any relief and it left me really horny so I told her that I was going to go to school (I'm taking some college courses) flash people and get naughty. She asked me if I would play with myself when I was there and I told her of course. I told my Candy that there were chairs at the front of the entrances when you enter the school and that I would sit there and flash people as they came in.

It was cold out but I wore a short skirt, stockings, heels and a button down blouse. I put my makeup on and got the rest of my things together and headed off to school. 

When I arrived at school I found a chair that was facing the doors and got ready to have some fun. I took my coat off and turned around bending over draping the coat over the chair. I wanted to give anyone sitting near by a chance to notice that I wasn't wearing any panties. I put my other things down then turned to sit looking around to see if anyone noticed what I was doing. I noticed two guys across the entry way watching me and talking to each other. It made me horny knowing I had an audience although my nipples were already hard from the cold and the guys could see them poking through my blouse.

I sat down and pulled out one of my notebooks and laid it on my lap as if I were working on something. This helped hide the fact that I pulled my skirt up higher to make it easier to see between my legs when I spread them for people. The two guys were watching every move I was making and it was just getting me wetter not to mention the people that were walking in that caught a glance between my legs. It wasn't long before I slipped my hand under the book and started rubbing my clit. I thought the guys watching me were going to die when I slipped a finger inside me. One pulled out his phone to take a picture but I closed my legs and nodded my head "No" at him. He stopped and I went back to rubbing myself.

I was really getting into playing with myself when a girl I knew from class startled me. She was standing beside me smiling and told me that it was time to get to class. I quickly fixed myself grabbed my things and headed to class with her. 

We sat next to each other in class (Math boring) and she kept smiling and giggling at me. She had black hair, slim build and was in her mid twenties. I asked her what was wrong and 

She said "Looks like someone woke up horny this morning." 

I laughed and told her yes, she just smiled. 

When it was getting near time for class to be over she whispered to 

Girl "Are you still horny?" 

I told her "The feeling kinda went away, math can do that to a person." 

She laughed then dropped her pencil. As she leaned down to get it she put her hand on my leg and moved it up under my skirt. I held back a gasp but opened my legs for her. She rubbed my clit and it brought that horny feeling back right away. 

She sat back up and asked me "Did that helped get you horny again." 

I smiled at her and said "Yes, now what are you going to do about it?" 

She just smiled at me. I told her "I know a place where no one would bother us and you can finish what she started." 

She agreed and we headed out of class. I led her downstairs towards the receiving docks, there was a storage area there where they had extra chairs and desks that they weren't using and it was out of the way of the main areas. I knew about this from one of the maintenance guys but that's a different story. 

When we got there and I told her about the area and she felt that it was safe. She knelled down, lifted my skirt and she started sucking on my clit. I sat down on one of the chairs spreading my legs and let her have at it. 

She continued sucking and pulling my clit and slipped 2 fingers up in me and started finger fucking me. I was in heaven, I held her head to my pussy and my hips started rocking grinding my pussy on her mouth as her tongue slid inside me. 

I kept biting my lip and holding back moans of pleasure as her tongue worked it's magic. I could feel my juices flowing and her moaning as she licked up my juices. It wasn't long before my body started shaking and she made me cum. I grabbed her face and kissed her hard tasting myself on her lips. 

As she stood up I grabbed her belt and opened her pants pulling them down, she tried to stop me at first but I was not going to let her get away. I pulled down her panties which were already had a wet spot in them and started sucking on her clit and slid 2 fingers into her pussy. 

She let out a gasp which echoed in the room but I didn't care I was going to eat this girl no matter what. I pushed my tongue deep inside her tasting her sweet cream and moaned in delight. She grabbed my shoulders for support as I my tongue swirled around her clit and into her sweet tight pussy. 

I held her ass and pulled her onto my mouth as I tongue fucked her. She kept grabbing at me and moaning till I felt her starting to shake. I knew she was about to cum and I kept tongue fucking her and licking her till she squirted in my mouth. She tasted great, I pulled her to me and kissed her letting her taste herself.

We sat there talking for a few minutes and fixed our cloths. Then we walked to the bathroom together and got cleaned up. The both of us kept giggling and poking each other like 2 little girls. 

After we got cleaned up I told her I'd see her next time in class. She smiled, agreed and added that we would have to take some more breaks from class like that sometime. I smiled at her and gave her a kiss then told her I'd love to do it again sometime. (Which I definitely intend on doing.)