 I needed a night out. My girlfriend Matia and I had friends headed to the Klitty Klub event at the Black Box, so we decided to meet them there. Matia met me at my apartment (an hour late as usual— so high maintenance) decked out in her slinkiest club gear: tight, black, and short. I was wearing my favorite engine red mini that barely covered my white lace boyshorts, with a semi-sheer white tank top. Together we made a scorching couple. Or at least that was what our friends told us. The truth was, for the last couple of months our sex life had crawled to a slow death. And I was looking for some trouble tonight.

We made it to the Klitty Klub just before midnight, and it was hopping off! Ladies nights were always popular, but with DJ Venus as the guest deejay tonight the house was at capacity. Packed full of San Francisco's hottest femmes and sexiest dykes, I walked in hoping I would find what I was looking for.

Matia saw our friends and headed over towards them. That was fine with me; her incessant chatter was beginning to wear on my nerves. We've been together for almost six months, and I was bored. I made a beeline straight to the bar, but not without enjoying the appreciative glances and smiles that were tossed my way. I loved attention, and I definitely got my share. Though I was only averagely pretty, I had something about me, a vibe, which screamed HOT! I'm about 5'4 (5'7 with stilettos), 135 pounds with curves in all the right places, and long curly auburn hair with wispy bangs that frame my fire blue eyes. Oh, but I was so much more than just a pretty profile...

I stood at the bar waiting for the tattooed bartender to stop flirting with another customer. I needed a drink. While I was waiting, I decided to see what else the Klitty Klub had to offer me. I wanted something different. Gazing around, I didn't see anything too exciting. Then different walked up to the other side of the bar.

Tall and lanky, dark and sexy, oozing unconcerned confidence, she leaned up to the bar and was immediately served a drink. A group of femmes near her were whispering and giggling, and one of them, a blonde, appeared to try and start a conversation. I couldn't hear any of it, but different must have said something that had blondie scurrying back to her friends with a scowl. She continued to just lean against the bar, drinking back her amber liquid with a slightly bored look on her face as she scanned the dance floor.

What was so fascinating about her? I usually just go with the femmes, like me, and have never dated anyone even remotely butch before. But taking in her long legs clad in skin tight black jeans, topped in nothing but a white wife-beater that tightly outlined her small breasts, I found myself intrigued— and aroused. Her hair was pitch black and looked like she had just buzzed it a few weeks prior. I had always loved long hair on my partners, like Matia's, yet I found myself resisting the urge to go over and run my fingers through it to see if it was as silky soft as it looked. And her eyes were ringed in matching midnight black lashes, thick and long, framing the most piercing ice blue eyes I had ever peered into.

Peered into... I gasped! She was staring right at me! I quickly turned around, feeling fluttery and flushed and aroused and... excited. She had caught me checking her out. I was willing myself to turn around and look back at her when Matia and our friend Katie approached me at the bar.

"What?! No drinks yet!?!" Matia scorned with a roll of the eyes. She leaned in to the bar and the bartender finally made her way over to us. Matia got us three beers and three shots. After placing the emptied shot glasses on the bar, we took our beers over to the dance floor where the rest of our friends had already begun to get sweaty.

I was beginning to have a good time, despite Matia's annoying tendency to try and have conversations while we are dancing. A group of woman who had been dancing right next to us left the dance floor, leaving a clear space between the bar and us. There was different again, still leaning against the bar, and now she had her cocky gaze focused on me. I met her eyes again, but this time didn't look away. I was grateful in that moment that I was a good dancer. Not trained or anything special, but with good rhythm and a sexy vibe. Feeling my nipples getting hard under her gaze, I pumped up the moves a bit, tossing looks her way to make sure she knew my gyrating groin and hips were inspired by her. I could tell different was enjoying the show.

She leaned over to the bartender, and than looked back at me. With the smallest of movements, she cocked her finger and beckoned me towards her. That little motion with her long finger sent a shiver down into my pussy, and I could no more turn down the invitation than I could stop my lace panties from soaking through. I tossed an "I'm getting another drink" to anyone who cared to listen, and strolled over to the bar next to different. She had two glasses waiting on the bar. It was filled with a dark amber liquid splashed over a few ice cubes. Whisky? Scotch? She handed one to me and said, "Follow me."

Looking over my shoulder to see if Matia or anyone else was paying attention (they weren't), I turned back and gave her a slightly uncertain smile, "Ok". I followed her towards the hallway around the side of the bar that led to the bathrooms. Maybe she wanted a quieter place to talk? The bathrooms certainly aren't private. Confused, I walked with her past the bathrooms to the door that said 'Employees Only'. She pushed open the door and continued through without even looking back to see if I was still following her. I was.

"Do you work here?" I asked.

"You could say that," was her only reply. We walked to the last door at the end of the hallway. She took out a key and unlocked it, this time holding the door open for me to walk through. We walked into a plush office with walls lined with video monitors. Each one had a different image from the club being projected live onto the screen. Across the way was a large mahogany desk. There was a chaise in the other corner with lots of pillows artfully tossed around it. Next to that was a full private bar.

"Are you sure we should be here? This looks..." I trailed off confused. This looked like too nice of an office for the general employees to have access to, and yet I knew the owner was a tranny called Mz. Jezebel. S/he performed every Saturday night, and was always seen around the club being over the top, flirting with whatever random straight guy found his way in.

"Don't worry. I own this place."

At my raised eyebrow, she smiled and added, "Silent partner. Johnny— I mean Mz. Jezebel and I went in on this club together seven years ago. I don't like the publicity and she does, so..." She trailed off, taking another sip of her drink, never taking her eyes off of me. "Name is Ace. Yours?"

"R-Rachel"

"Rachel. Don't you like your drink, Rachel?"

She was right; I hadn't yet taken a sip of it. Putting it to my lips I drew in a small sip. Gasp! Other than the random too-sweet shot consumed in seconds, I usually just drank beer. But this was a strong whiskey, and it numbed my lips and burned my throat before pleasantly spreading a warmth that reached as deep as my...

"That's good. What is it?" I nervously chattered. Oh no, I was beginning to sound like Matia! I didn't hear Ace's reply because my senses went on alert as soon as she began moving towards me. Why was I so unnerved by her? I wasn't concerned with the fact that my girlfriend was just 30 feet away in the club. It was over between us (I decided in that moment). And I had been with enough women to feel confident in my pussy skills. Yet I was feeling as nervous as my very first time.

Ace walked up to me and took the whisky out of my hand, setting it down on a ledge. I loved the smell of her; she smelled smoky, like her whiskey, yet clean like Dial soap. My breathing was coming in quick little breaths, and I was trembling with anticipation. My nipples were straining against the gauze of my white tank top, and a part of me wanted her to skip the first kiss and instead go straight to second base. Ace grabbed my hips and her long fingers began to knead my ass checks.

"So Rachel, here's the deal," Ace whispered into my ear. Her hot breath sent shivers down my back. I could feel her smile in response to my arousal. "I'm going to fuck you." My pussy clenched. "And I'm going to fuck you every time you come into my club. If you have a problem with that, you can walk out now." All I could do was moan in response. "Good girl. Now let's get you out of this silly little outfit you have on. From now on, the first thing I want you to do when you walk into this office is strip naked. You understand, Rachel?" I nodded.

My fumbling fingers had trouble working the zipper on my skirt, so Ace made quick work of it, pulling my lace panties down with it. I whipped my top off nervously, eagerly, excited to see what was going to happen next. Ace must have read my mind, because after starring at me for what seemed forever she reached over and pinched my left nipple. I moaned louder.

Ace took my hand and brought me over to her desk. With one violent sweep, she knocked what few papers and items were on the desk onto the floor. Than she gently lifted me up onto the desk.

"Lean back." I lay myself down on top of the bare desk. "Spread your legs. I want to inspect what I have here." Hesitating for only a second, I complied with her command. I felt slightly humiliated exposing myself to a stranger I had only met maybe 15 minutes ago, embarrassed that she would see just how juicy I already was without having even been touched.

Ace leaned down between my legs, her lips a half inch away from my glistening pussy lips, and she took a deep breath in through her nose. Like a dog smelling her bitch. She breathed out and the hot moist air tickled my engorged clit. I was proud of myself; this time I didn't moan. I just whimpered.

"Very nice. But no more brazilians. Keep it trim, but not naked. If I wanted to fuck a little girl, I would have become a nun. Now turn over and get on all fours."

My checks flushed red with increased arousal and even more humiliation; I turned over and got on my hands and knees. In this position I could stare into the mirror that was positioned behind the desk. I looked like a whore. Legs spread wide, tits hanging down, quivering; I could see the glassy look in my eyes and the flush that covered my entire body. And there was Ace, still dressed, sipping on her whisky, examining me as if I was a bitch she was considering breeding to her best hound. I felt like howling.

Finally Ace finished her drink, set down the glass, and walked over to me. She laid her hands on my flank, running them up and down my legs, my back, and my arms. Then she reached under and encapsulated my tits in her large hands. They were fully examined. She squeezed them, felt their weight, measured my erect nipples between her thumb and finger, and it wasn't until she stopped that I realized I was moaning, "yesyesyesyesyes..." the whole time. I closed my eyes and hung my head down between my shoulders.

I heard the slither of a leather belt being pulled out of jeans. I quickly opened my eyes. Ace was beginning to undress, and I didn't want to miss a moment of seeing her naked! Jeans agape at the waist, Ace paused to remove her top. The femininity of her small firm breasts seemed almost in contrast to the look of pure dominance on her face. She slid her leather boots off and pushed down and off her jeans. Ace was wearing nothing but a strap-on. My pussy and ass bucked in the air in reaction. I hoped she hadn't noticed, but the little smirk on Ace's face told me she didn't miss anything.

Ace walked over to the desk I was positioned on and opened the top drawer. First she pulled out a bottle of lube. Then she pulled out an 8 inch black cock. I gasped when I saw that and started nodding my head 'no'. I hadn't ever taken a dildo that big. I always preferred a small vibrator with one or two fingers wedged in my pussy. Watching Ace replace her cock piece with the large curved black dildo, I began to get scared.

Sensing her bitch's distress, Ace walked over to me and gave me a calming 'shhhh'. She stroked my head and slowly raised my chin up for our first kiss. It wasn't gentle. Her fingers dug into my chin as she mastered my mouth, tongue thrusting, teeth nipping. It was the hottest kiss I had ever had. Her hand wound into my hair, and her mouth traveled down my throat, still nipping and sucking. Her other hand slid down and began pinching my nipples, going back and forth between each, eliciting shallow screams of pleasure from my throat.

As abruptly as the kiss began, it ended. Leaving me shaken, Ace walked around the desk, trailing her hand along my body. Knowing Ace was behind me, staring at my exposed pussy, had my juices flowing to the point it was dripping down my thighs. I sensed her lean in towards my pussy and take another deep whiff.

Then her tongue darted out.

I thrust back to make as much contact with her tongue as I could, and earned a slap on my ass as my only reward. In response, I stuck my ass and pussy up even higher in the air, silently begging for more.

In slipped a finger.

Slowly at first, Ace explored my cunt with one and then two fingers. She increased the pressure and the number of fingers until she had wedged four fingers into my pussy hole. She kept increasing the pace and intensity, and had me groveling for more. The pressure was almost too much. I only vaguely conceptualized that she was stretching my pussy for a purpose. I pumped violently against her hand, squealing every time she ground her knuckles into my sloppy cunt.

Ace reached over to the bottle of lube and gave it two pumps.

She slowly removed her fingers from my cunt, and quickly inserted her huge cock in their place. Yes! God it hurt, but it hurt so good! Then, she slid her lubed-up fingers into my puckered asshole. There was nowhere for me to go, impaled on her cock as I was, and nothing could stop me from thrusting my ass and pussy against her cruel invasion.

"Good bitch. Here... take it deeper... take it..." Ace muttered. My ass full, my pussy stretched and pounded, I felt the beginnings of an orgasm coming on.

Ace reached down to grab a hold of my thrusting hips, and held me still. As she slowly pulled her cock out of my slurping pussy, I screamed in frustration. I reached down between my legs to rub my clit, desperate for relief from the building tension that was swelling my cunt.

Another sharp slap to my ass.

"Ah ah ah..." Ace chastised me, "You're not cumming until I say so."

In the mirror I watched Ace stroll around the desk until she was standing directly in front of me. She was gorgeous. Naked except for a coat of sweat and a black strap-on, she was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.

"Suck my cock."

I hesitated for a second, looking at the huge dick in front of me coated in a thick sticky layer of my pussy juice. A second after that, I was lapping up the salty-sweet cum. Ace kept slapping my face with her dick until I finally took it deep in my mouth.

Ace fucked my face.

The blood was rushing to my head, half fear half excitement, gagging and moaning. Ace wrapped her fists in my hair and roughly used me.

"That's right my little bitch, suck off all your cum... you little slut... begging for some dick."

I could barely hear Ace over my own stuffed moans.

Abruptly, Ace pulled her cock out of my mouth. She flipped me onto my back, grabbed my legs to pull me to the edge, and tossed my legs over her shoulders. Then, with one forceful shove, she sank her entire 8 inch dick into my cunt. I screamed.

Without giving me anytime to readjust to her size, Ace rocked her dick in and out of my scorched pussy. Her lips were pulled back in a pleased grimace, and a guttural sound began to emit from her throat. Realizing that Ace was about to come had my own orgasm crashing down on me. I screamed and thrust and pounded my fists on the hard wooden desk. Ace's pace just increased, her eyes shut and her mouth wide open. She reached down and latched on to my nipples with her fingers, pinching painfully. The pain ran up and down between my abused nipples and bruised cunt, bringing me to a second shocked orgasm. A moment later, Ace grunted out her own climax and sunk her cock all the way to the hilt.

Seconds later, hours later, whatever.

Ace slid out of my swollen cunt. She grabbed a towel and cleaned herself off. I lay trembling, still sprawled on the desk, unable to yet move. I felt Ace wipe my pussy with a clean edge of the towel.

"Sit up."

I complied, and Ace handed me my diluted whisky. In silence we sipped our drinks. Then she handed me my clothes. I got dressed, still not having said a word. Ace walked me to her office door and opened it for me.

"I'll see you next week."

It wasn't a question. For either of us.