 Groggy and disoriented I am awakened by the sound of my alarm. Its midnight, I'm up. I take a few minutes on the side of my bed to collect my thoughts and find my glasses. When I fell asleep at 8:30, I had made plans with myself to shower, shave and reapply all of my makeup. Well, I sort of changed my mind when I stumbled out of bed in the middle of the night. I don't think I even brushed my hair. I threw on some loose fitting cargo khakis with a tight soft cotton burnt orange tank top, foregoing the bra all together. I couldn't even tell you what shoes I picked out. Took a few seconds to brush my teeth and look for my car keys. 

I grab a small blue fleece throw from the back of my couch and lock the front door behind me. 

"I'm leaving" I text. 

"Okay, see you soon" she replys. 

Have I told you about the woman I do this for? Well, actually I do it for me. I'm the woman I do this for. I do it for those feelings. The tingly love drunk feelings. The ones I don't get from anyone else. The feelings I risk everything for to have. The girl in this story is the same girl in all of my stories. If I could have it my way she would be my forever girl. The one in the last chapter of my life story. But, here I am sneaking around as I have been the last year and a half. I am well aware that my girl will be unavailable to me for 11 days because of her impending vacation. I am desperate to get any time with her before she leaves. 

Now, I didn't walk the whole 7 miles to see her. I drove most of It and parked my car in an empty lot near her work. Not a single person on the highway at 1am and not a single business open. I grab my blue throw blanket and shove it in my big purse, toss my little jacket on and shut my old heavy car door as softly as possible and set out in the dark, my phone lightly lighting my way. 

Here I am, walking at 1am down a quiet dark single lane road like a love junky in search of my dealer. Usually at this hour I'm driving to her, not walking. I guess it doesn't really matter, driving or walking, I'm out and about in the wee hours of the morning looking for my fix. 

"I'm here" I text her as I walk through the back of the lot. "Is it unlocked" I inquire?

Just then I see her peak her head out of the back door of her car. "Come here lover" she says.

It's dark in that portion of the small lot, only a few lights in the distance from the neighborhood near by. I scurry, quietly over to her white SUV and hop in the back, quietly closing the door behind me. She has made the entire back portion of her high end SUV into a comfy little bed, complete with pillows. It's dark in the back of the vehicle. There is a little bit of light from the stars which are shining through the large moon roof. I can just make out her silhouette next to me. She's in her casual night clothes. Loose pants, loose shirt. Shes so pretty wearing her tired eyes. 

She reaches for me and we embrace for a moment. Quietly, I lay back into the blankets. She is close to me, resting on her right arm, locked in a silent gaze with me hovering just over the top of me. I raise my head up to kiss her lips. We meet in the middle and the craving that burns night and day in my brain is satisfied. 

It's just after 1am and by all estimates I have 2-3 hours before anyone might notice she isn't in the building. Even then, if anyone noticed she wasn't in her place, I highly doubt anyone would think to come to her car to look for her. Her SUV is nice and roomy and the back windows are completely blacked out. If one were to stroll by the only sign of life in the car would be the slightly fogged windows. 

The kissing is progressing to petting. Both of us moving about the back of the car switching positions, feeling our way in the dark. Smack in the middle of a steamy hot make out session like a bunch of teenagers hiding from the world when the fucking car alarm starts to go off. Lights flashing horn honking fuckery. Giggling and scrambling to find the keys the two of us feel around until she locates them and silences the alarm. 

We both settle back into the blankets giggling like a bunch of idiots. 

"Well, how about that for a mood wrecker" I exclaim. 

"Shhhhh" she says with her finger lightly pressed to her lips. 

Again she takes me in an embrace and puts me right back to the place we left off. I feel like I can never get close enough to her. Having never ever been the type who ever enjoyed a day of cuddling in my life, I'm always in awe of the way I allow her to hold me. 

My cheek rested on her chest my hands feeling her stomach, her thighs, her outer lips. Her skin is uncommonly soft and she smells so fucking good. I want to eat her up. Or maybe just spend a lifetime laying next to her like this? 

Its a rare thing for her to let me initiate or have her first. That's really of no matter to me in the current moment. I can't help but kiss her bare chest, most of which is hidden away under the light blanket. I kiss around for a moment to see how she might receive it. I get no resistance from her as I move my body under the blanket to kiss her belly. Her belly is so soft and warm. I can feel her wet pussy on my leg which is resting in between her legs. 

Kissing her softly in the dark under the blanket I am consumed by my heightened senses. I tend to be easily distracted by her beauty to enjoy the simple things like her scent. I can smell her arousal under the blanket and its a major turn on. I'm making my way there slowly. I like to enjoy these rare moments I am able to have her in this way. The first taste of her is always good. She is so wet that I have only just begun to eat her out and her pussy juice already covers my chin. I like it under that blanket. I can focus on tongue fucking her, not the multitude of other things that tend to preoccupy my mind when I'm down on her. I lick her soft and slow, sticking my tongue in her as deep as I can, making sure to hit her little clit on my way out. By the way her body is moving I'm certain she likes what I'm doing. I continue to lick her relentlessly until I hear her moan and she pushes her pussy firmly into my mouth as she finishes.

"Let me have you" she whispers. 

My head is resting on her left thigh, and I'm not necessarily in a hurry to leave there. Sensing my non compliance she wiggles away from my face and makes her way around to the front of me. I move my body into the spot she had occupied and sat back, resting my body weight onto my elbows, bent slightly at the waist just enough that I can watch her settle herself between my legs. My pussy is throbbing hard for her. I can feel every thump of my heart between my legs. 

"your pussy smells so good" she says as she puts her mouth on me. 

I lay my body back all the way and open my legs wide for her. She's going for that circular clit lick that sets me up for a really hard orgasm. I know it well, it's more a tease until she changes the pressure just slightly and sends me over. It's still dark in the back of the car, but my eyes have adjusted enough that I can see most of her and watch her enjoy my pussy like I enjoy hers. It's hard not to be distracted by how hot she looks when she's going down on me. 

I feel her slide two fingers in me. I feel like I could cum in that instant. 

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck..... Yes" I say as I grab her hair.

She rises from her spot in between my legs and finger fucks me hard. Hitting my G spot with every stroke. I sit back up onto my elbows to watch her while I enjoy the constant string of orgasms she's giving me.

I place my hand on top of the one she has between my legs. "Please, I need to take a second to catch my breath" I request. 

Slowly, she takes her fingers out of me, kissing my knees and giving me that shit grin of an accomplished lesbian pussy fucker. 

"Ohhhkay love" she replies. 

It's about 2am by now. I had planned to leave no later than 3am to try to get a little more sleep before I had to be up for work. She and I laid together talking for a while. I don't remember when, but I dozed off at some point. I woke in the little spoon position at 2:50. Just short of when I had set my alarm for. My motion wakes the big spoon and we gather up our clothes to get dressed. 

I have learned, for my own sanity to keep these goodbyes short. Otherwise I end up staying, and today it simply isn't an option for me to stay. I dress, grab my purse and my blanket and kiss her for what will be the last kiss for two weeks. 

I make way back to my car parked down the road and back home to grab an hour of sleep before I have to get up for work at 5:30.