 I woke up beside Paula. For just an instant when I rolled over and saw her face on a pillow beside me, I couldn't believe my eyes and had no memory of what was happening. Then it all came back even as I was drinking in the beauty of her sleeping face. I slipped out of the bed as silently as I could, noticed I was nude, and hurried to the bathroom adjoining her bedroom. I quickly located her mouthwash, and not wanting to contaminate the bottle, I turned my head back and poured some into my mouth. I managed to swish it around without choking, and then spit it out. It burned, as mouthwash always did, and I stood panting over the sink for a second.

"God what a sexy sight!" Paula said quietly as she came up behind me, "And great minds think alike. The first thing I wanted to do was kiss you good morning, but I wanted fresh breath to do it with, too." She reached around and took the bottle from my hand and took a swig, swished it around and spat it out. "But I also had to pee, too. Do you want to go first?"

"Do you get up that beautiful every morning, Paula?" I asked as I sat on the toilet and began peeing loudly.

She propped one hand on her hip and stood seductively right in front of me, watching me pee with obvious interest so I spread my legs wide so I was straddling the pot. She licked her lips and without looking away from my orange furred groin she answered, "Sure do!" she said brightly, "Usually, there are several sex magazine photographers lined up at the foot of my bed, just waiting for me to stand up naked in the bed. But I never saw anything that lovely sitting on my toilet before."

"I bet you say that to all the girls that you watch pee," I said coyly as she reached between my legs with a wad of toilet paper and began to softly pat my pussy dry.

"If other girls peed in front of me, I certainly would. Everyone deserves to feel special!" Her dark eyes glinted with humor and affection. I stood and she sat down, and I squatted in front of her to watch her pee. I knew that she would want me too, even if she hadn't done it to me first. Paula had a strong yen for exhibitionism that she wasn't at all ashamed of - heck, I think she is proud of it! While I patted her dry, she said, "Let's hurry back to bed. We don't have enough time for sex, but we could start the day with some lovely necking."

So we lay under the covers, kissing and touching each other, enjoying each other's bodies until at exactly nine am, the door swung open and Alyssa and Holly swept in bearing trays. "Look at them!" quipped Holly; "They've been going at it all night!"

We blushed and grinned and sat up and propped up our pillows letting the girls see our breasts as we prepared ourselves to receive the trays. Alyssa served me, and Holly served Paula from the opposite side of the bed. Sure enough, on the trays were juevos rancheros, avocado slices, and bacon, with orange juice and coffee. Just what Paula had ordered for us last night! Without ceremony, we dug in while the girls perched on the outside edges of the bed and chatted with us until we were done eating. The girl's took away the trays and were back seated on the edge of the bed within two minutes.

"Well, as much as I'd love to stay," Holly's eyes lingered longingly on Paula's nipples, "I have an appointment at the hair dresser to get my hair cut short." We all made noises of alarm and despair, because Holly had the most beautiful long, black shiny hair that hung to the middle of her back. Holly held up her hands for silence and shook her head, "Look at the three of you! All of you have short hair, and it's nothing to you to hop in the shower any time you feel like it, and then hop out, and with a little brushing, you're beautiful again. It takes me hours to deal with washing my hair and I'm sick of it!" She beamed a smile at Paula, "I'm getting mine cut just like yours!"

"Oh, Holly," said Paula, "I don't think you want bangs, not with the shape of your face. Your face is more like Claire's bone structure. Tell the hairdresser you want it short and she'll probably give you a bob like Claire's." She noticed Holly staring right at her breasts. "You can kiss each of my nipples before you go, if you like." Holly eagerly climbed up Paula's body and sprawled on top of her and suckled for nearly a minute on each nipple. When she was done, she turned her face up toward Paula. Paula arched her lovely long neck and engaged in a long, leisurely French kiss with the teenager. Finally, with a great sigh, Holly rose, waved to everyone and left the room.

"Whew! Kissing that girl really turned me on!" Paula declared. Alyssa started to rise to leave the room, but Paula waved her back down. "But I have some business in the bathroom, and then I'm taking a long shower, so why don't you two just settle for a little cuddling. I've seen you looking at Claire's breasts, honey, so enjoy yourself. I sure would if I were you!" Then Paula rose gracefully and walked into the bathroom, making me sigh with longing as I watched her go."

"I'm so glad things worked out between you and Mom, she already seems years younger. Have you noticed?" Alyssa seemed so genuinely happy, that my heart ached for her.

"Alyssa, dear," I sighed not knowing how to even start, "There's something we need to talk about."

Her face fell, "You're blowing me off for mom," she said dully, "Not that I blame you. But I can't swear I'll never touch you. I waited for so long and now that I've..."

I held up a hand and put a finger across her lips to stop her, "No, I've discussed that with your mother. She knows I love you and would never give you up." I smiled reassuringly at her while her eyes teared up a little with joy, "But what I have to say is very awkward. You see, when your mom watched you and Holly together last night, she got really terrifically turned on..." Alyssa nodded eagerly, indicating she had expected that, so I went on, "And she wasn't just turned on by watching Holly have sex. Do you understand?"

Alyssa shrugged, "So you're saying it turned her on watching me have sex, too. That seems perfectly natural to me. I mean both Holly and I are attractive alone, but together like that..."

I sat up and covered her mouth with my fingertips again. "I'm saying your mother wants to make love to you, Alyssa. I think she wants the four of us to be a sort of loving family, and she wants anyone to be with anyone at any time, but besides that, I think she wants... no; I know she wants to have sex with you." Then I took my hand away from her mouth.

Alyssa's lips were parted as if she was about to speak but nothing came out. She glanced toward the bathroom, and then looked back at me and while wincing asked, "Really?" I nodded. "Wow!" was all she could seem to say. After a minute had passed, she asked, "So she wanted you to feel me out on this before doing something that might blow up in her face?"

My lips quirked into a smile, "Actually it was my idea to warn you, but yeah, something like that." She spent a minute studying her hands, and I finally asked, "So how do you feel about this idea?"

She smiled at me, "I feel pretty weird about it, to be honest, but I'm trying to adjust to the idea in my head. After all, she is a very beautiful and sexy woman. If she wasn't my mom, I wouldn't hesitate at all..."

"I could tell her that you just don't like the idea at all. She'll learn to live with it, I'm sure." I said this but wasn't sure I believed it.

"Oh no!" said Alyssa, almost looking shocked, "If she wants me that way, I just have to give it to her. She's my Mom and I would do anything for her - absolutely anything! I'm just hoping that I'll like it. I think I will like it..."

I touched her cheek with my fingertips and said as we both heard the shower start, "Why don't you take off your clothes, pull this sheet off my body and let's be having fun when your mom rejoins us. Maybe things will just happen naturally, especially if you are good and hot by then."

Alyssa grinned and pulled her shirt over her head, "That works for me!" She kicked off her shoes and pulled down her shorts. She wasn't wearing bra or panties. I had a couple of brief moments to look her over, while she pulled down the sheet exposing my body. 

Alyssa's eyes are bright blue, and a smile full of even white teeth framed by good- humored dimples and a rounded chin. She had short blond hair in a bob, similar to mine - moderate breasts, curvy hips and shapely legs. Her firm young breasts sported lovely light brown and very firm nipples, and between her legs was a lovely little triangle of golden and mahogany colored pubic hair. Her pubic hair's color changed according to the angle and the color of the light, but it definitely had elements of light brown and red, sparkling with gold.

My own body is as firm as hers if not so young. My breasts are a little bigger with pink nipples; I have gold-red-orange pubic fur, and freckles everywhere but my creamy bikini marks. My red hair, which I wear fairly short - it comes down to about the top of my neck in a cut that is a bob with tweaked ends. In the front, my hair nearly reaches my chin on both sides. And according to Alyssa, Holly and Paula, I have the shapeliest well-muscled calves in the world, although I think they all have legs very similar to mine, especially Paula - one couldn't tell our legs apart if it weren't for my freckles.

Paula! I'm falling in love with all these girls, but Paula! She was taller than I, by maybe two inches. She had a slimmer build, but nice hips and shapely legs - Alyssa had come by her legs honestly. Paula's eyes were large and dark brown, her nose long, but straight and thin. Her face was roughly oval tapering slightly to a small rounded chin. Her black hair was short fringed bangs in the front and layered on the sides no lower than the back of her jaw. Paula's haircut accentuated her long swan-like neck - a very lovely neck. Paula's breasts were about the same size as mine and I mostly wore a 34 C cup, but hers were just slightly fuller.

I would be hard pressed to name Paula's sexiest feature, but if I had to, I'd have to say her mouth. She had a small mouth with Cupid's bow lips, with her lips not too thick or thin so she didn't quite have that pouty look. Her two front teeth were just slightly prominent, and her mouth was usually slightly open, giving her an almost surprised look as her most normal look. I don't know how, but all those things combine into what looks to me like a really sexy mouth. Oh, and one other thing, an almost strange thing, and that is her smile. Her smile is impossibly wide for such a small mouth - when you see that grin stretch across her face, it just doesn't seem possible! When Paula grins her face is full of even white teeth and her two front teeth aren't noticeable from the rest, and you just have to grin back. Just being near Paula makes me feel good.

Alyssa crawling up my body and carefully aligning her nipples with mine as she settled her weight on me interrupted my reflections quite effectively. She gave me sweet, soft kiss on my mouth. After the second or third kiss, she murmured, "I want your pussy in my mouth."

Practically panting I answered, "Yeah, I want my pussy in your mouth too, Alyssa. Will you lie on your back for me? I want to feel your tongue in my bottom before I fuck your sweet mouth with my pussy."

"Oh yes, please," she moaned as she rolled off me and onto her back beside me, "that would SO be my pleasure!"

I squatted over her face, facing her feet, and she could see I needed a little more room so she scooted a little further down the bed. I carefully positioned my asshole over her mouth and let her lick me a short while before lowering my self onto her tongue. I was still squatting on my feet, and raising and lowering my ass on her tongue, bearing down to make it easier for her to enter me, when I saw the bathroom door open and Paula stepped into the bedroom. Seeing Paula naked, although I have several times now, still took my breath away.

Paula's legs were long, tapering at knee and ankle, with rich curves in between. Her dark delta was not too thickly furred, but remained mysterious nonetheless. Her hips were wide, dimpled and generous, with a narrow waist and she had a sensuous 'innie' belly button. Her belly was taut and flat and her breasts were full with medium brown nipples and aureoles. Her nipples were large and were erect and looked hard. Her neck was long and gracefully shaped. Her bottom was as close to perfection as possible and was as full and lovely as Holly's and was as firm as the dark-haired young girl. She had very little tan, and most of that at her lower neck to her upper chest and from just above her knees down to her ankles.

I knew what Paula was seeing. Me, sitting on her daughter's extended tongue, my freckled calf muscles flattened widely by being pressed against my thighs, my pussy spread wide and showing glistening pink, my breasts swaying slightly from my movements, my nipples firm and erect. My mouth was open from breathing heavily; my green eyes squinted with lust and flashing the fires of my desire, and finally her daughter's lovely, perfect naked body spread out before her like a feast, with Alyssa's lovely light brown-red mound glinting with gold highlights and the sparse nature of her pretty bush doing little to hide her sweet, puffy lower lips.

I eased to my knees and repositioned my pussy over Alyssa's mouth, and whispered, "Spread your legs for me baby, and raise your knees." Alyssa spread herself obscenely wide right in front of her mother, and even from my angle I could see the blond girl's inner pinkness showing. Maybe Alyssa knew what I was doing. I think she did. Paula moved forward slowly - Paula was completely naked as I said, a couple of drops of water still glistening on her skin from the shower. Paula bent down over the bed, resting her belly on the mattress as she slipped her arms under her daughter's thighs and embraced her hips, arching her neck to lower her face to Alyssa's spread pussy.

At first I saw Paula take a deep breath, only a fraction of an inch from her mouth making contact with Alyssa's open, pink flesh. Then Paula began to softly kiss every tiny bit of her daughter's inner and outer pussy. Of course Alyssa knew by now what was happening and who was doing it. She had her arms wrapped tightly around my thighs and was licking my clit as quickly as she could. I was trying to keep from coming, but between Alyssa's frantic attack on my clitoris and the angelic beauty of Paula's face worshiping her daughter's pussy, I might as well have been trying to drive back a tidal wave with fly swatter. I came harder than ever before, and while the orgasm rocked me like an earthquake I felt something happening in my pussy that I'd never felt before.

I felt muscles contracting and bunching, relaxing suddenly with a feeling of relief and then bunching again, etc. over and over, and I realized I was spurting - spurting right into Alyssa's open mouth. I could hear her swallowing and gulping. Fearing I might drown the girl, I tried to pull away, but Alyssa held on to me with surprising strength, desperately drinking the fluids spurting from somewhere inside me. I didn't have enough strength to overcome hers, and I was still hypnotized by the combination of pleasure surging through my loins and the beautiful sight of Paula, kissing, licking and probing inside her daughter's puffy pussy lips.

A weak noodle, I finally rolled my body off Alyssa and collapsed on my belly beside her, propped on my elbows and still watching Paula as she diddled Alyssa's clitoris with her tongue, her fingers working some magic below. Alyssa yelled out, "Mother!" in a loud cry and crossed her legs behind Paula's neck, her hips thrusting her pussy against her mother's mouth. Her fingers entangled in her mother's short black hair, and she fucked mercilessly at her mother's lovely face as her orgasm rippled through her over and over and over. Alyssa, who spurts often, was spurting in Paula's face. Paula let the first one splash on her chin, but then lowered her mouth and pinched Alyssa's clit with her fingers.

I leaned so close my nose touched Paula's eyebrow, and she raised her face and let me lick some of Alyssa's fluid out of her mouth, and then hurriedly lowered her face in case Alyssa spurted some more. She did, twice more I think. Then Paula crawled up her daughter's body and lavished her breasts, face and mouth with wet pussy-scented kisses. Finally, Alyssa giggled and said, "Mother, I need to do a little breathing at the moment!" 

Paula smiled and rolled off Alyssa to lie on her left. I turned my body around and lay along her right side and smiled at my lovers.

Paula got a serious look on her face, "Alyssa, I hope you weren't too shocked..."

Alyssa grinned, "I think you were in the perfect place to judge my feelings about what you just did to me, Mama." 

Paula turned a little pink, "Yes, um... Do you do that squirting thing often, dear?" 

Alyssa nodded, "Mainly on just the really big orgasms, but yeah, I am pretty often given big orgasms by my two wonderful lovers! Wow, I guess I have three wonderful lovers now!" She turned to look at me, her blue eyes open wide, "And speaking of one of my wonderful lovers, what was up with you, Claire?" She glanced back at her mom to explain, "When Claire came, she must have dumped four to six ounces down my throat, and she's never spurted before! Heck, I never spurted that much in one orgasm before."

I shrugged, not sure what to say, "Nope, never spurted before, but you have to admit, I do give a lot of juice when I come." Alyssa obviously didn't consider her question answered by the way she was looking at me, and Paula was looking at me curiously, too. I sighed, "Hey, it was my first threesome, you know? All I know, is Alyssa was working me really hard to come, and I was trying to keep from coming because watching you eat her pussy was the sexiest most beautiful thing I've ever seen, the worship so obvious on your face... I don't know, but I think it was all those things together." I grinned at both of them, "That felt really cool, the spurting I mean. It was like something happening in my pussy that I didn't even know about, and it felt really good."

Alyssa giggled, "I know, just try describing that feeling to someone - they won't know what the hell you're talking about. Holly's pumped me for years, but I can't describe it, it just happens, especially when someone's playing with my g-spot. I wish Holly could spurt, but most women never do, but it sure hasn't been from lack of my trying to get her to!"

"It all sounds so mysterious," smiled Paula, "but I must be like Holly, too. Last night..." Paula hesitated, obviously having a problem choosing words, "last night I saw, Holly put her tongue inside your bottom. Why did she do that? You don't do that sort of thing, do you?"

Alyssa seemed surprised by the question, "Of course I do, Mom! And we do it to each other because it feels nice," she giggled, "and because it is a little naughty and intimate, we enjoy giving that pleasure as much as receiving it. Oh, and we do to each other a lot!" She turned and cocked an eyebrow at me.

I turned pink, "It's not my fault! I'd love to do that to your mother, but she's... Well, she's a little shy and I promised to take it slow, and she's just getting used to the idea of eating pussy. Before last night, she thought girl's only used their fingers on each other." I looked mock piteously at Paula, "C'mon baby, defend me, please! Your very strict daughter feels I have let her down and neglected your education!"

Now it was Paula's turn to turn pink, and I so enjoyed watching that, "Well, Alyssa, what Claire says is all true, and don't you dare be strict with her. I love Claire very much, and if you disrespect her, you're disrespecting me, and as the head of this family, anyone caught disrespecting me, or my wife," Paula gave a nod toward me, "Will get a spanking from me on her bare bottom!" We all started laughing with Alyssa and me both begging Paula to spank us.
