 This is a true story! I have changed the characters names for the usual reasons but belief in the content is entirely up to you. So please, read on and enjoy.

I am just an average suburban girl trying to make my way in the world for my family as well as myself. At 45 I try to keep myself in good shape and I often have people, usually females, express flattering shock, commenting that I look in my mid thirties. Okay, I am ex-model for a fashion house but since having children I only do ad-hoc stuff. Still, I have to laugh when they say they are envious of my slight but athletic build and wish they had a flat stomach like me.... I put it down to metabolism, but like I said, I work at it. I am also blessed with a wonderful husband who I love dearly, three terrific children, a beautiful home in a leafy suburb of inner Sydney, and lucky enough to be able to work from home. However, my bi-sexual side was/is getting restless. I had not had a female partner for about 5 years and the thought of having some feminine sexual contact was making me very twitchy down below.

My first girl on girl experience occurred when I was 18. A group of us had decided to make it a girls night out to celebrate the end of our high schooling. We had been down at a local bay side pub, drinking and dancing and generally kicking our heels up. There were also a few guys from school present and so we mingled with them, but steadfastly held true, between the 7 seven of us, that it was girls only after closing time. I had always admired Vickie and her quiet determination but we had never really talked. So it was with some surprise that she and I go together. After the pub closed we all piled into her car, this was back in the mid-70's when you could get away with such things and random breath testing was not even heard of. 

We drove to Cronulla beach, the Wanda end to be precise, which took about 40 minutes. By the time we got there many of us were dying for a pee. I could not bring myself to squat in the shadows of the surf club, so I shed my jeans and singlet top and raced into the surf. The night air was still warm and humid from the hot day we had just had and the water was warm and refreshing as well. I did the needful and joined Vickie and the others. We both tried to out do the other body surfing and each time we failed we just fell about laughing, as did the others. I caught a wave and crashed straight into Vickie who was also clad only in bra and briefs. I pulled her up to make sure she was not injured, my concerned eyes looking straight into hers. Her jovial face was covered by her long black hair, which had washed forward with the impact. She brushed it back laughing at our drunken clumsiness but as soon as she saw my concern for her wellbeing, it softened and took on an expression I did not quite understand at the time. I was holding her around her waist and her hands rested on my arms, and before I knew it she kissed me full on the mouth.

I could not resist. I kissed her back then we pulled apart quickly, realising that we were not alone. The other girls were still frolicking in the water kicking the waves at each other and had not noticed the brief exchange between Vickie and I. Without a word she gently took my hand and lead me back up the beach. I followed willingly, hypnotized by her look. She scooped up a towel in a graceful sweep of her arm and we walked away into the night along the sand, away from the noisy group of laughing girls and away from the surf club lights. Time and all other motion stopped as she laid the large beach towel upon the sand then slowly laid me down to made love to me. She gently laid on the towel beside me, our legs entwined, and she again kissed me full on my mouth. My arms enfolded her as our tongues met in the softest and most sensual kiss I have ever known. With a deft movement Vickie slipped my bra strap down my left arm and pulled the cup away exposing my breast. Her gentle touch and soft kisses were so beguiling and bewitching she sent me into orbit a thousand times simply by placing her mouth on my nipple and her hand on my pussy. She circled my nipple with just the tip of her tongue as she pressed her finger into the crease of my sex through the flimsy material of my white silky knickers. Without any conscious thought my hips started rocking in time with her delicate caress as she stroked her finger in long firm motion from my anus up to my now throbbing clitoris. My breathing became laboured as her ministrations continued and I felt her grind her own womanhood onto my thigh causing her breathing to quicken appreciably as well. Our kiss became more intense as our bodies took flight and senses reeled. 

The final act of that glorious first time was her introduction of me to her bushy pussy as she covered me with her body as we 69'ed. I told her I did not know what to do and she just told me to follow her movements and so do whatever I thought would feel good. She pulled my panties aside and instantly placed her tongue flat on my clit. I gasped loudly at the sudden feeling of her wet touch then sighed deeply as she sucked me hard sending delicious waves of sheer ecstasy running through my total being. I reciprocated by pulling her black briefs aside and in the dull light I could just make out the wet mass of tightly curled hair that covered her lower regions. Vickie stabbed at my clit again making me buck with delight and without a second thought I did the same. I was amazed at her taste, the erotic mingling of sea salt and her own juices, plus my drunken state, driving me to bury my head deep into her sex and drink deeply of her nectar. Without moving her mouth from my vagina I felt her groan against me as I plunged in on her. I flicked my tongue about in a greedy effort to pleasure her, attacking her clit repeatedly and then sinking deeper into her liquid opening, which increased her flow to a veritable flood. 

We lapped and drank each other like two people who have just found an oasis in a desert and it was not long before we both exploded into each others mouths. I lost all sense of time and space as she set sky- rockets off in my head. Our bodies locked together in a total and intense release that started deep inside our wombs and burst forth to consume body and soul and fuse us together as one. It was so beautiful that I instantly fell in love with her and, thankfully, she with me. We were together for just over a year until she had to go overseas to start uni and we just slowly lost touch.

That had ignited my bisexual interests dramatically and I am forever amazed that my first female experience occurred before my first male experience. Now, all these years later I often found myself looking at women in the street and secretly wondering if they had ever fucked another woman or even knew of its delights. My next-door neighbour also fell under such scrutiny. 

Michelle has long been the object of my licentious mind ever since she and her family moved in some ten years ago. She is quite attractive; her features and figure do make you look twice if not a third time. Maybe it is her mousy-blonde shoulder length hair combined with her well looked after figure; one that measures 34c – 26 – 36 (I know because I measured it myself, but that gets ahead of the story). Most people have to admit that after three children, Michelle does have a good figure and does not show any signs of her 43 years. I know from personal experience that she is a regular swimmer, which accounts for the firmness of her muscles as well as her breasts, but again I get ahead of myself. She also carry's her 5' 6" frame with an air of quiet determination that, when combined with a body hugging top, leaves a me quite breathless.

I had noticed over a period of weeks that one of the brake lights on her four wheel drive were out, but every time I plucked up the resolve to go tell her she was either out, or I simply forgot, or both. Anyway, as the days slipped by, I dropped the notion thinking that her husband would have probably fixed it. However, to my surprise one sultry Monday morning, I saw that he had not. I was out the front yard watering the roses when she drove off to the bus stop with her son. I watched as she drove off down the street and my heart jumped as I saw only one of the three stoplights activate. My mind ran wild causing a swell in my groin. "Yes!" I thought, "he has not fixed them". I knew from recent observations that she would be home today, so about mid-morning I rang her doorbell. 

"Oh, hi Michelle", I barely managed, my words nearly catching in my throat, "I hope I have not disturbed you?"

"Oh, hi Sue. No not at all. Come in.," she said with a sweep of her arm to indicate I was to enter. 

"I… I do not want to keep you from …." 

"Come in and have a tea". She suggested. Cutting me off in mid sentence, much to my relief. 

"Sit down and get yourself comfortable while I get the tea".

She walked off into the kitchen, my eyes riveted to her beautifully rounded behind. The three quarter track pants clinging to her slightly tanned legs and hugging the taut roundness of her bottom. I could just see the outline of her knickers through the pale blue trousers. Her white, sleeveless top fitted the form of her body like a glove too, giving her breasts that upward, buoyant look popular in today's fashion. I drank in every line of her form from head to toe and back again as she busied herself brewing the tea. She swung around smiling and the look in her eye seemed to indicate she knew exactly what I had been doing and thinking. I tried to swallow but my throat was too dry. She turned back to the sink and resumed her preparations. I sank back into the comfy beige coloured lounge and closed my eyes trying to suppress the rampant thoughts invading my mind, more to stave off disappointment than anything. The room was large and well decorated to make it feel light but cosy too. A nice combination of feminine attention to fine detail and colouring and a contemporary look of timber finishes.

She walked over to the small table between the two 2 seater lounge chairs and as she approached I watched, intently and as discreetly as I thought possible, the gentle sway of her curvaceous chest and the outline of her feminine parts revealed by the tautness on her trousers around her crotch. Again she smiled as she bent to place the sugar bowl and jug of milk on the table, the V-neck of her top gapping just sufficiently enough to give glimpse her lacy pink bra, which gently cradled and moulded her luscious mounds. 

"Do you like two?" she asked offering a spoon full of sugar suspended above my cup, her neckline still gapping and my eyes still transfixed.

"Two would be ideal", I replied, my mind racing with prospects fuelled by double meaning and wondering if she deliberately used that turn of phrase.

"Milk?"

"Um, oh yes please." I stumbled, brought round quickly from my sexy musings. "A little more please, I prefer it milky".

She smiled a warm knowing smile and then sat directly opposite me and sipped her tea. I watch her over the rim of my cup as her pink lips pursed slightly to draw on the warm liquid. 

"Now, what can I do for you", she asked.

"Well, I hate to seem nosey, but I noticed that two of your brake lights are out on your car. In fact they have been for some time but I keep forgetting to say something."

"Are they?" she exclaimed calmly. "I'll have to get my husband to have a look at them, thank you very much for telling me". She smiled warmly.

"It is one of my pet hates. You know, like seeing a crooked picture, you know, you just feel the urge to go up and straighten it".

"Not to mention the safety aspect". She chimed in. 

"Nice tea". I remarked, trying to sound casual. We chatted about the weather and this and that in a casual manner, which belied my feeling of apprehension because of what I was going to say next. "I don't know if you remember but the last time you and I had tea like this we were in the middle of renovating our house, like we are right now."

"Really? No, I did not remember".

"The only difference is last time your daughter was home sick from school and just after we sat down to tea she came down from her room and curled up beside you." 

"What made you remember that?" She asked. "I would not remember a small thing like that. Ah! I bet there must be more to it than just that." She laughed half asking a question and half just commenting.

"Oh, it sticks in my mind because…" I took a sip of my tea at this stage because I was not sure what her reaction would be to what I was about to add. I felt like running from the house, embarrassed at my stupid sexual motivations and then feeling trapped by my how I had turned the conversation to my own devises. I took a deep breath, finally deciding that I was not going to dye wondering. "Last time, your daughter curled up next to you as we chatted and then she started to lift the waist-band of the top you were wearing. You calmly stopped her hand as the top rose revealing your midriff and you said, 'she does not what to see up there'". I took another sip of tea. My heart pounding in my ears, hoping (praying for my own sake) that Michelle would react in a positive way, but trying to be realistic enough to know it there was a strong possibility that she may not.

"I see! So there was more to the recollection!" she exclaimed with a warm smile. "And what did you say?"

"At the time I said nothing. I shyly looked away."

"And you have relived that moment over and over ever since?" she challenged quietly in a hushed voice. 

"Well, um… yes. To be honest, I have." I said with my eyes slightly downcast trying not to reveal my embracement.

"What would your response be if, say, that situation played out right now?"

I looked her straight in the eye, searching for clues as to her really feelings about what I had said and what I was obviously doing. I could feel my pulse in my temples as I saw some signs of nervousness in her yet a quiet calm which I put down to her being on the slightly high moral ground so to speak.

"I think I should be the judge of that". I said immediately.

"I see". She responded and with her clear blue eyes looking straight at me as she raised her top to reveal her glorious breasts. Her pink bra was pulling tight across her chest, deepening her cleavage dramatically. The bra was a delicate light pink with lacy edging, through which I could just make out the deeper pink of her areolas. "Is this what you really came here for, to see my breasts?" she challenged.

"Very perceptive of you", I remarked as casually I could. 

She raised her hands to cup and mould her breasts in an astonishing display of open sexuality. My throat went dry as I sat, my eyes glued to her hands as her fingers idled over the noticeably hardened nipples. She looked down at her movements then at me from under her down turned head. 

"I have to tell you that I have never had a lesbian experience in my life. But, I have noticed you looking at me in a way that no one ever has. I can not deny that I have always thought of you as a very attractive woman, Sue. I mean attractive in ways that I have not thought possible about another female. Does that sound silly?" 

I shook my head.

"I do not know why I am even doing this but I want to be with you Sue," she exclaimed then looked down at the floor. After a brief moment she lifted her head.

"Tell me what to do, Sue, just let your pent up thoughts go wild".

"Remove your top and bra!" I commanded in a quiet yet stern voice, not stopping to ponder on the consequences of a refusal.

"Yes my mistress". She answered playfully.

Michelle quietly removed her top, then shook her hair into free flowing locks and arched her back as she unclasped the hooks of her bra, then silently let the two garments slip to the floor.

"Play with your breasts again for me again." I commanded. "Show me how you like them to touched." My mind was racing trying to comprehend how my dreams of this revisited past were now becoming reality. I watched intently as she gently caressed her breasts from beneath, softly squeezing the pale flesh. Her nipples had hardened very noticeably and the areolas had darkened and swelled slightly as well. With supple moves, her fingers toyed with her nipples, rolling them firmly between thumb and forefinger, pulling the hard nubs away from her chest. Her breath was becoming discernibly quicker as I watched her. My own juices were stirring deep inside my groin as well as my nipples stiffening to match hers.

I stood and quickly removed my clothes. Standing across from this beautiful woman now playing with her own breasts for my (our) pleasure and me with my curvy figure on display for her eyes to feast upon for the first time.

"Holy shit!" Michelle exclaimed seeing my body first time. "Excuse the language, but you startled me. Is that all you? And you have no pubic hair down there either?" 

"Yep. Ever bit is me and as bare as….." I replied smiling.

"I have to ask, do you do that yourself? Your bareness I mean."

"Yes, I shave myself. I do it during the day when I have more time and no interruptions; it is a delicate operation, " I said laughing. "It usually ends up with me masturbating quite wildly because I get so excited doing it." Her eyes were riveted to my bald pussy as I slowly covered my womanhood with sexy fingers, gently pressing my middle fingers into the top of my moist folds.

"Lick each of your nipples". I snapped.

"Yes my mistress, I shall try". She bent her head and snaked out her tongue while pushing the breast upward to meet it. I heard her gasp as she made contact, the wetness of her saliva coating the rosy pink bud. She moved to the other nipple, eagerly licking and lashing at it with quick movements of her tongue. I moved toward her and pressed my pussy onto her breast. She instantly knew what to do and pushed her hard nippled breasts into my cleft. I bent my knees slightly and started to move my pussy up and down against the swell of her breasts. Every upward thrust greeted with her tongue and wet mouth. I grasped her head as I thrust upward trying to get her mouth onto my soaking mound. Suddenly she released her breasts and inhaled me deeply into her hot wet mouth. She sucked me hard, almost completely swallowing my vagina and rubbing her nose against the small tuft at the top of my sex. My whole body went ridged as she sucked me deep and hard, then just as suddenly as she had engulfed me, she pulled away.

Swiftly, Michelle stood and in a desperate flurry, had removed her lower garments and positioned herself on all fours, her arms resting on the sofa back.

"Please eat me!" she cried, wiggling her bottom. I dropped to my knees only quickly looking at her sparsely cover mound. I slammed my face against her rump, burying my tongue into her sopping pussy and breathing deeply of the musky scent of her anus.

"Argghhhhhhhhh", yessssssss! Fuck me Sue. Fuck me quickly with your tongue".

I was driven to plunge my tongue as hard and fast into her as I could, tasting for the first time the liquid honey of her essence. I was lost in her scent, her juices coating my chin and face as I pushed her over the edge as quickly as possible. I felt compelled to give her as much pleasure as I could as quickly as I could, believing that this may well be the one and only time I might have her. I listened to her cries of intense pleasure, as I drank down her juices feeling her body quiver as she came on my tongue. I licked her with swift tongue movements from her rock hard clit to her musky anus until her orgasm subsided. 

Now I needed to fuck her soaking vagina to another powerful orgasm, but how? Fingers alone? Tongue only? Or, a combination of both? I pulled her to the floor bringing her softly down on top of me. I turn her so her head was placed between my splayed legs.
