 For a couple of weeks after Shanie had enjoyed watching her neighbour pleasure herself, she'd been leaving her apartment much earlier in the morning. She told herself it was because she was incredibly busy, but as she spent an hour in Starbucks every morning before arriving at the office she knew that wasn't strictly true. The real reason, not that she was prepared to admit it, was that she didn't feel she could face her neighbour in the hallway as they both normally headed off to work at the same time. 

Shanie had also made a point not to think about that evening, knowing if she did she'd not be able to resist the temptation to plunge her fingers deep in her pussy no matter where she was. To that end, it had been an unusually long time since Shanie, or anyone else, had touched her and she was starting to feel as if she would have to do something about that soon.

Returning from home late one evening, another part of the avoidance tactic, Shanie had determined that tonight was her night. She planned a relaxing bath, glass of wine and maybe, having discovered the effect masturbating women had on her, she'd have a look online and see if she could find any additional stimulus. Not that she really felt as if she needed any though.

Taking the lift up to the 10th floor of her apartment block Shanie slipped out of her red silk knickers. She'd been thinking about her pussy, and her neighbour's pussy, since she left work and she therefore wasn't at all surprised to find that her knickers were wet through. Just before the lift doors open she slipped a finger inside her wet cunt and gently pushed against her g-spot, feeling the familiar gushing sensation as she did so. She slipped her knickers in her bag and headed along the corridor towards her apartment. 

Walking past her neighbour's door she noticed it was slightly ajar. She tried to think nothing of it and her head told her legs to keep walking towards her own front door but they simply refused to do as they were told. She stopped in her tracks and peered through the small gap between the door and the wall. Listening carefully she could hear the TV. Her neighbours usual evening entertainment was playing, the unmistakeable sound of an all-girl-fuck-fest. She could just see part of her neighbour's leg in the air, raised up from the sofa and Shanie shuddered as she recalled from her memory the frontal view of that shot she'd had a couple of weeks ago.

Shanie knew she should go home but still her legs wouldn't move except to squeeze her thighs together to place delicious, tantalising pressure on her clit. She found herself pushing the door open wider to get a better view. Both her neighbour's legs were in the air, clad in fishnet stockings and those amazingly sexy high-heeled shoes and on the screen a gorgeous busty red-head was furiously rubbing her clit, well on the way to a no doubt well-deserved orgasm.

The next thing Shanie realised she'd open the front door wide and had stepped into her neighbour's apartment. She wasn't sure how she got there but from the pussy juices now starting to drip down her inner thighs she knew she should make a hasty exit.

"Come in. Shut the door."

"Shit," thought Shanie. "She's gonna have me arrested for this. What the fuck am I gonna do now?" Her aching pussy told her there was only really one thing she could do. She stepped further into the apartment and shut the door behind her.

"Come over here" said the neighbour. "Take your clothes off first."

Shanie didn't need to be asked twice. She unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor revealing her bare, shapely legs and her round ass and shaven pussy. She undid her blouse and released her soft, ample bosom from her bra. Shanie was sexy in an entirely different way to her neighbour. Where her neighbour was lean and tanned, Shanie was soft and curvy. Her neighbour had perfectly straightened dark hair, whereas Shanie's was soft and blond with gentle curls that just fell abut her shoulders. The neighbour had a powerful mouth with strong red lips. Shanie's face was soft, and heart-shaped, very girl next-door, with soft large lips that any man meeting her instantly pictured around his hard cock.

Now naked, Shanie walked across the room, enjoying the clack-clack of her heels on the wooden floor. She stood in front of her neighbour and gasped as she saw her sat on the sofa still with her legs up around her ears, her pussy hole gaping with delicious cream starting to appear.

"Sit down." Shanie again did as she was told as her neighbour stood up and walked towards to the TV just as the red-head reached her climax.

"You wanna watch some TV with me?"

With anybody else Shanie might have felt this question to be something of an anti-climax but with her neighbour Shanie had no such concern. She knew exactly the type of TV that was intended and she couldn't wait to watch, naked, with this incredibly sexy older woman.

Her neighbour bent forward to change the DVD showing her firm, tanned ass at its finest as she did so. Shanie struggled to stay sat on the sofa, she desperately wanted to touch her neighbour, with her hands and with her tongue. Pressing play, the neighbour returned to the sofa and Shanie's eyes were transfixed on the large screen as an older dark haired woman appeared with a much younger blonde. The similarities between the women on the screen and those in the room could not have been a coincidence and Shanie could feel her neighbour looking at her soft naked body just as the recruiter was looking at her younger charge on the screen.

On the screen the two women started to kiss. At the same time her neighbour moved in towards Shanie and placed her firm red lips on Shanie's soft pink ones. Shanie felt as if she could orgasm instantly. It was so soft and delicate, totally unlike kissing a man. Shanie immediately knew she was hooked. She would never have had enough of this. Ever.

On screen the recruiter had made her way down to her charge's breasts and the neighbour did the same to Shanie. Kissing her neck and the tops of her large, soft breasts on her way, the neighbour was soon taking Shanie's left nipple in her mouth. Licking it. Sucking it. Biting it. Until when she released it, it was wet and more erect than Shanie had ever seen it. The neighbour repeated her nipple play on Shanie's right breast just as the recruiter did on screen. She then made her way down, licking as she went between Shanie's breasts, across her tummy before moving away and sitting back up on the sofa with her legs apart.

"Lick me," said the on-screen recruiter. Shanie looked at the screen and watched as the blonde went down between the recruiter's legs and took one long lick from ass to clit. Shanie looked at her neighbour who nodded at Shanie. Shanie copied exactly what she had seen, marvelling at the taste and smell of the older women's snatch. She was intoxicated and wanted, no, needed, more. Much, much more. Keeping one eye on the screen Shanie watched as the blonde reversed her licking action. She circled her neighbour's hard clit and made her way down her slit lingering, as the blonde did, around her asshole.

Her neighbour rose from the sofa and kneeled on all floors. She, like on screen, was holding her ass cheeks apart. Shanie watched as she saw the young blonde flick her tongue in and out of her recruiter's asshole. Shanie copied, keeping her tongue long and firm. She could feel her neighbour's ass start to give and it became ever easier for Shanie's tongue to slide back and forth inside her head bobbing up and down as she tongue fucked that firm hole.

"Finger my pussy while you tongue fuck my ass." Again the recruiter was directing her charge and as the younger woman on screen did as she was bidden, Shanie followed suit. She took first one, then two fingers and entered her neighbour's juicy wet pussy. She couldn't believe how wet her neighbour was. A warm, silky wetness that Shanie adored. She pushed against the front wall of her neighbour's cunt and felt a warm rush of pussy juice coat her fingers and run along her hand. She continued her tonguing of her neighbour's ass while her fingers pounded her pussy and delighted at the moaning coming from her neighbour, as if it were a sign of approval.

The neighbour turned over and pushed Shanie's head between her legs. Whilst she could see nothing except the older woman's bald pussy Shanie could hear the unmistakeable sound of pussy licking on screen and she went for it. Initially using her tongue inside her neighbour's hole Shanie could feel her own clit throbbing badly. While she loved what she was doing, loved every second of pleasuring this amazingly sexy older woman, she desperately hoped that it would be her turn soon. She felt that she could cum without even being touched and she didn't want to miss any moment of the pleasure that she was certain was in store for her.

Shanie started to encircle her neighbour's clit. She alternated between long licks from creamy wet pussy along her neighbour's slit to her nub, with sucking hard on that hard pink nub, causing her neighbour to moan ever louder. She allowed herself a brief glance at the screen to see the young blond licking her recruiter's slit while rapidly frigging her pussy with two fingers. Shanie did the same and her neighbour started to scream with pleasure as did her on-screen counterpart. 

Shanie concentrated hard, struggling to maintain her pressure on her neighbour's pussy as she buckled and writhed underneath her. For a full second, with one long large moan, her neighbour's body was completely still. Then wave upon wave of orgasm shot through her body as Shanie continued, a little more gently now, to work her fingers in and out of that perfect pink hole, her face covered in her neighbour's juices and her pussy cum. Shanie drank it down with delight, loving the taste of her neighbour's squirt that had filled her mouth. 

She saved some of the juice from her mouth as she made her way back up towards her neighbour's breasts. She took a large dark nipple in her mouth and covered it with the pussy juice she was still tasting, loving the sensation in her mouth and on her now extremely sensitive tongue. She moved towards her neighbour's mouth, wanting to share the taste of her cum with her and started to kiss her desperately, filling her neighbour's mouth with her own juice.

Turning to the screen, Shanie's pussy contracted as she saw that it was her turn to be on the receiving end of the pleasure. She lay down on the sofa as she was guided to do by her neighbour. Shanie watched as the recruiter started to eat out her young charge and felt herself pushing her neighbour's head harder into her snatch.

"Your pussy's so sweet." Shanie moaned loudly before she remembered that the sound came from the TV rather than from her neighbour. 

"You like that, don't you?"

"Yes," said Shanie, even though she knew this time she was talking to the TV. "Yes, I want more".

Shanie knew she couldn't last much longer. She could feel the first waves of orgasm hit her as her neighbour's finger slid in and out of her sopping wet pussy, her tongue furiously licking away at her clit. Her peehole started to gush and she looked down to see her neighbour's face poised in front of her pussy, her tongue out waiting for Shanie's cum to spray her face. Shanie screamed as she came harder than ever before. Her squirt shot from her pussy and landed firmly on her neighbour's tongue. Shanie watched as her neighbour lapped up her cunt juices, licking at her hole as she was still spraying. 

Shanie couldn't believe it when she opened her eyes and looked towards the TV to see exactly the same actions being played out by the recruiter and her charge. She took her neighbour's hand and placed her fingers on her clit. She watched as the recruiter continued to rub at the younger girl's clit causing her to cum again and again while she worked her own lit with her other hand. Shanie's neighbour did the same, masturbating Shanie with her right hand and herself with her left.

As Shanie's, and the other three women's orgasms subsided, she began to wonder what would happen next. She had no idea about the "right thing" to do in these circumstances but she had every intention of repeating the amazingly sensual experience she'd just had. She simply hoped that her neighbour felt the same...