 I would like to start off by letting you know that everything in this story is true and really happened. If you like what you read, please email me and let me know if you have any suggestions for any future stories whether they are fact or fiction. 

We had started around the same time and we were both the new kids on the block so we naturally became quick friends. Her name was Hope and we looked a lot like each other. We both had blond hair, although hers was a little bit longer than mine. I had blue eyes while Hope had deep green ones. But we both had a smile that could usually melt the boys' hearts on site. We both had killer tans. We always went to the tanning bed together and tanned in the nude. I wasn't as proud of my legs as Hope was of hers, mine were more the muscular type, not big at all, still nice and long, just a little more muscular than a woman's usually is. That comes from all of my years as a volleyball player and a cheerleader in high school. Hers was more the typical feminine legs, long and lean. 

I had immediately noticed how beautiful she was on that first day of work, how her hair was always so shiny and soft. When she would catch me looking at her I would quickly look away with red cheeks I'm sure. If she ever noticed anything, she never said. About a year later she moved and my desires for her were never spoken of. I felt like a piece of my heart had just been ripped out.

A few months later, I got an email from her saying that she would be in town for a few days and wanted to know if we could get together for lunch. Of course I said yes, I had missed her very much, not only because I had secretly wanted her all this time. But we had grown into really good friends before she moved away. My thoughts kept creeping back to the times we were at work and I'd catch her bending over and I would get a peek at her cleavage and I would just stand there and stare till she started to straighten up then I would quickly turn around and start walking the other way. I didn't want her to see the way I was looking at her or how my hands had involuntarily started to trace my own lips at the thought of what those gorgeous tits would taste like on my tongue. We would always play at work. Always joke around about kissing each other but I don't think she ever knew I was serious. Almost every time we would pass each other at work, we'd pat the others ass and say "Oh yeah baby, hit me harder" all the other coworkers didn't think anything of it, because everyone did it. But unknown to her and everyone else was how wet I got every time we were that close to each other and I could smell her perfume. And feel how soft her skin was. Once when I patted her on her ass, I gently squeezed and copped a good feel of that great ass. She just turned around and winked at me, I thought I saw a flicker of desire, but then it quickly faded as others came around. So I never thought about it again. 

We met at a neutral restaurant and she had ordered some white wine before I got there. We started talking about old times and what each other was up to these days and gossiping about the people we used to work with. I guess being around her again in combination with the wine made me at ease with myself, because before I knew it, I was asking her why we never hung out after work. She replied by saying that she wasn't sure she could trust herself to keep her hands off of me. My jaw totally dropped. It was like my deepest fantasy coming true and I didn't know what to say. So I just looked at her and let her finish what she was saying. She went on to tell me that she loved the way my jeans would hug my ass or how I would often wear those low cut tight little shirts that showed off what she called "the greatest set of tits of all time". She said she had to go to the bathroom or the locker room several times to relieve herself of her throbbing pussy. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I just kept thinking to myself of all the wasted time that we had. 

We finished our meal and took the rest of the wine up to her hotel room, which was just across the street from the restaurant. We barely got all the way into the elevator before she grabbed my arm swung me around and started kissing me. We wrapped our arms around each other and shared a very deep, very passionate kiss. Our tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths as our hands couldn't quit roaming over each other's bodies. She cupped my breasts and squeezed hard. I let out a deep throaty almost animal like moan. 

"Yeah like that baby" was all I managed to say just as her hand was on its way down to see just how wet I was. the elevator came to a stop and we quickly gathered ourselves just in case there were people on the other side. We got to her room and shoved the door open and her back slammed it shut when I pushed her up against it. My right hand immediately went to her pussy, which was soaking wet. I could feel her juices through her panties. I cupped her pussy and my thumb went to work on her clit, I asked, "Is that what you want? You want me to rub that clit don't you?" She started squirming and bucking and moaning and saying how much she had dreamt of this very moment. I was in pure heaven. She let out a good yell as she started to cum telling me to keep going. Not to stop because she was cumming. Hope had her hands on either side of my face while she was kissing me. We were both moaning and grabbing at each other.

I don't know how we did it, but we ended up on the bed. She was straddled on top of me unbuttoning my shirt and my jeans. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes and just enjoyed the feel of her hands on me. I could tell that this wasn't her first time with a woman. It wasn't my first time either. She would place small feathery kisses on my chest and my belly as she undressed me. I was getting chills up and down my body. After she had me undressed and down to just my bra and panties she looked down at me and said, "You look just like I had imagined you would. Perfect." 

She would tease me by running her hands all over me. Everywhere except my pussy that is. She had no idea how wild that drove me. I absolutely love to be teased. She would start at my neck and lick her way down to my left breast and gently but firmly bite my nipples trough the thin fabric of my bra. Her other hand would be massaging the other breast. She moved her right leg in between mine and was grinding her thighs against my pussy, making me even wetter than I already was. Which I didn't think was possible. 

I was getting so turned on that I was very close to cumming. She would take turns between my tits, pleasuring me. I told her I was about to cum and she quickened her pace of grinding against me. "Yeah you like that huh?" she said into my ear. I would breathlessly say that I did and then beg her to not stop because I was getting so close. I arched my back up and I could feel the coils wind up so tight inside. A few more hard rubs on my clit and I lost all control. I started to buck and go wild on the bed as I came and came. She stopped and we both lay there breathless and motionless as she waited for the sensitiveness to subside. 

She leaned down and gave me the sweetest, softest kiss. Her lips were so soft. I just wanted to kiss her all night long. 

After a few minutes I rolled her over and undressed her. But I was too horny to go slow. I wanted to taste her. To feel her on my tongue. I quickly made my way down past her breasts and her belly to the treasure I had dreamed about for many nights. I could smell the sweet smell of her the closer I got, and it just intoxicated me even more. My senses were reeling. I stuck my tongue out and licked her from the opening of her pussy all the way up to her clit very slowly. 

Oh my god did she taste good. I couldn't get enough of her. I just kept licking and licking. I would go to her clit and flick it with my tongue then I would suck on it and occasionally I would nip it with my teeth, but not enough to hurt her. She had her hands in my hair trying to direct me to where she wanted. She wanted me to keep sucking on her clit, but I wanted to bury my tongue in her as far as I could get it. I took my thumb and replaced my tongue on her clit. I pushed her legs up father back so I could get to her pussy better. I just rammed my tongue in and moving it in and out, and in circles lapping up all of her such sweet tasting juices. She said she was getting close and I backed off because I wanted this one to last, I was nowhere near done eating her out. 

She got up and went to her suitcase and pulled out two 5" clear gel dildos. I all but ripped the rest of my clothes off and I got more comfortable on the bed. "What do you have planned for those?" "I want you to fuck my with one of them." I took one of them from her and started to suck on it to get it nice and wet. I positioned her on the bed with her legs as far back as they could go. I was licking on her clit as I eased the dildo into her pussy. I put it in several inches then would pull it all the way back out and very slowly put it back in. After several minutes of this I would pull it all way out and then ram it back in all the way. 

I felt her hands in my hair again. "Swing your legs up here, I want your pussy on my mouth now!" I did as I was told and we got into the 69 position with me on top. My tongue never left her clit. I picked up the pace with the dildo. I could hear the sloshing noises her pussy was making when I moved it in and out of her. This was turning me on even more. I feel her tongue mimic the same thing I did to her. She licked me from the opening of my pussy all the way up to my clit. I shuddered at her touch. I almost came then and there as I felt the dildo enter my pussy. She wasn't gentle with it at all. And right then, I didn't want her to be. 

We did this for what seemed like hours, but was only minutes. All of a sudden I feel something cold and wet drip on my ass. I stop just long enough to look behind me and see that she was lubing the dildo up with some flavored oil. She was planning on fucking my ass with the dildo. My whole body shivered in anticipation. "Oh I can see you like this. You want it in your ass?" "Yes, oh God Yes." I feel the cold tip of it press against my hole and I ease myself back on it. I bend my back in a way as to allow her better entry. I close my eyes as the dildo slides in my ass, inch by glorious inch. "Lick my clit while you're fucking my ass!" I scream out. "Mmmmm, yes just like that... ohhhhh... uhhhhh..." 

I go back to fucking her and sucking on her clit. I keep ramming that dildo up her now very wet pussy. I lean into her with each stroke getting closer and closer to cumming. "I don't know how much longer I can hold off cumming." "Don't hold off, I want you to cum in my mouth and I want you to cum hard." I feel her remove the dildo and replace it with her tongue. She uses her fingers to rub my clit. This pushes me over the edge and I just work her clit as hard as I can as I myself am brought to the incredible brink of one of the best orgasms of my entire life. "Mmmmmm, damn Dani you taste good… keep cumming baby, I want it all" 

"You're making me cum... yesss…. don't stop… tongue fuck me… I am going to cum…. yesssssssssss…" Both of our pussies start to pulsate as we cum at the same time. I keep licking and sucking till I suck her pussy dry of all of her cum. 

I ease myself off of her and lay down beside her at the top of the bed. We are both struggling to catch our breath. We lean in and kiss each other and taste our own cum on each other's lips. "My god how much time have we wasted by not doing this so much sooner!" I look over at her and reply with, "Oh trust me, this is not a one time thing. This will be repeated over and over again." A short time later we both drifted off to sleep right where we were. The night didn't end there, but that's another story altogether.