 © trendyredhead 23 June 04 / all rights reserved / do not post elsewhere or distribute without express written permission from the author.

The room was lit only by candles – small votives on the window sill, pillars on the dresser and the nightstand. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to muster up the courage to step over the threshold into the bedroom. Her lungs filled with air, the honeysuckle fragrance tickling her nose. On the bed, waiting for her, was a friend, a very naked friend, her hair splayed out on the white pillowcase like a halo. She almost laughed at the irony, but caught her breath instead. She had never been this close to a naked woman before, and she was overcome with the beauty of the female form sprawled out on the white sheets, the covers thrown over the footboard.

"Come here," Ellie whispered. "I won't bite...yet..." The innuendo was unmistakable, and rocked her to the core of her being. Hannah willed her feet to walk her to the bed, clutching the robe around her, not yet ready to bare her body. She sat beside Ellie on the bed and met her eyes, her cheeks burning. Ellie sat up and took her hands in hers, caressing the backs of them with her thumbs. "Relax..." Her voice was hypnotic, and she closed her eyes as Ellie's mouth moved towards hers, capturing her lips in a gentle, unhurried kiss.

Hannah lost herself in the feel of Ellie's mouth on hers as their lips parted and tongues touched. Soon her hands found their way to cup Ellie's face as they continued to kiss, tangling her hands in Ellie's russet curls. She couldn't get over how soft Ellie felt, how different it was to kiss a soft, curvy, sensual woman. Before long, her hands wandered to Ellie's shoulders, caressing their way down to her breasts, grazing her erect nipples with her palms as Ellie moaned and pushed her breasts out to meet the hands that explored them.

Slowly she rubbed her palms against Ellie's nipples as her tongue traced circles on her lips. Slowly she felt her robe sliding off her shoulders, leaving her naked from the waist up. Gently, ever so gently, she kissed her way along Ellie's jaw, down her neck, and across her collarbone. And gently, ever so gently, she felt hands cup her breasts, thumbs caressing her nipples, teasing them into little rose kernels of pleasure.

Hannah slowed her kisses as she reached Ellie's nipples, allowing only the heat of her breath to touch them, kissing a lazy trail between her breasts, deliberately teasing her, before her tongue darted out to capture one perfect pink nipple, pulling it into her mouth and sucking on it. Ellie's gasp was music to her ears, and she felt her own nipples being pinched into tiny points in retaliation for the teasing she was inflicting.

That little edge of pain mixed with pleasure was enough to flood her with wetness, and she couldn't hold back the whimper as she grazed Ellie's nipple with her teeth in response.

"I need you," Ellie whispered against her hair. "God, I need you so bad...." She pushed her back against the pillows and slithered out of her robe, not caring what she looked like, focused only on Ellie's need and her own desire to please her and satisfy her.

"Tell me," Hannah whispered. "Tell me what you need," as she knelt above Ellie's prone body, caressing her calves and pushing her legs up and back.

"Touch me, please....just touch me....." Ellie arched her body up, begging for contact with the body hovering above hers, but it was just out of reach. She leaned over her, kissing her again, holding Ellie's hands up above her head with one hand, the other tracing a path down her stomach, stopping just above the triangle of hair that hid the center of Ellie's desire.

"Touch you where, sweet lips?"

"There...." Ellie pushed her hips up against the hand that waited. "Please...."

Hannah traced the outline of her nether lips, barely touching. "Here?"

"Yeeeeesssss...there....." Ellie moaned and she was silenced with a hard kiss, and she spread Ellie's knees wide with her own.

"Are you going to hold still for me, or do I have to restrain you?"

"I'll be good...I promise....please...."

"Please what?" She pulled back, enjoying the sound of begging in Ellie's voice.

"Touch me. Now."

She sensed that Ellie's control was waning, as was her own. Hannah could smell the arousal seeping from Ellie, and it only served to excite her more.

She pushed Ellie's knees up and back, opening her wide, the rush of cool air on her pussy making her gasp. She paused a moment, drinking in the sight of this pink pussy slick with wetness, hers for the tasting. As Ellie opened her mouth to beg again, Hannah leaned forward, stroking her from bottom to top with one swipe of her tongue, flicking her clit for good measure before she pulled back again.

"Oh, God...." Ellie's voice was low and came from deep within. 

"Do you want me to eat you, Ellie? Do you want my mouth on your sweet little cunt?"

"Oh God yes, please...." Ellie writhed beneath her, desperate for more.

"Say it."

"Eat me..."

"No, Ellie, tell me what you want."

"I want your mouth on my sweet little cunt."

"That's better, Ellie. How badly do you want it?"

"So bad....please..." Her whimpering was an immense turn-on, and Hannah could hardly control herself as she buried her face between Ellie's spread thighs, licking her, sucking her, feasting on the sweet river of desire that flowed from her dark tunnel.

Hannah sucked her clit into her mouth, holding it captive as her tongue assaulted it, bringing a new round of moans from Ellie. Her hands found Ellie's slick, tight opening, and she eased two fingers in, twisting them slightly as she slowly withdrew. As she eased up her assault on her clit, she plunged her fingers back inside, spreading her fingers to open her up and stretch her.

Ellie's juices were running down the crack of her ass now, and Hannah contemplated that little puckered rosebud... But instead she slid a third finger into Ellie's sweet little fuck hole, filling her up as her tongue sucked hard on her clit. Ellie began to thrust against her face, her orgasm approaching, twisting and pinching her own nipples. Inside, she felt the first faint tightening that preceded the ultimate release, and she curved her fingers up to rub her G-spot as she worked her fingers in and out. 

"Ellie," her voice commanded response.

"Yes..."

"Do not cum until I give you permission. Do you understand?"

"But I'm so close...."

"I know, and I will take you even closer. But you do not cum without my permission. Is that clear?"

"Yesssss...." her voice was little more than a hiss of air between her clenched teeth as she tried to hold back the release she so desperately sought.

Hannah continued to work her fingers in and out, sucking her clit into her mouth harder than before, increasing the painful pleasure of teeth on soft tender flesh.

Ellie began to beg, moaning incoherently, thrusting to meet the fingers that filled her so completely. "I'm gonna cum, please....I've got to...."

"Not yet, sweet one. Not yet. Just hold on a little longer," as her thumb worked Ellie's clit into a frenzy.

Just as Ellie thought she couldn't possibly hold on another minute, the thumb was replaced by a silver bullet on high. "Now, Ellie, cum now. Cum for me, sweet baby. Let it go." And Ellie exploded in ecstasy, clamping down on the fingers that stroked her from the inside out, a high-pitched wail coming from somewhere deep in her belly.

As Ellie slowly came back down to earth, she became aware of hands gently caressing her body, kissing her shoulder, reminding her that it was, in fact, not just a dream.