 [Thanks to everyone for the delicious feedback I've been receiving. If you're a woman with a special lesbian fantasy, do tell me about it, and we'll see if I can create a story about it. Meanwhile, loving each other is the best part of our lives, so cheers to all of you.]

*

"Don't fall asleep," she said.

I smiled to myself as I felt her strong hands working my shoulders and back. "Don't worry, this is too nice for me to sleep."

How amazing it was to be there on that bed with her. A business trip to San Francisco, a reunion with an old friend I hadn't seen in years, and there I was on my belly on a bed with Cleo straddling my legs as her hands pressed and squeezed me through my cotton blouse. What would my husband think? Nothing sexual had happened so far. Cleo and I had never been lovers, but I knew she was a lesbian, and the erotic tension was certainly present. Would something happen between us? Was I ready for it?

Her massage relaxed me so much, but there was hardly a danger I'd fall asleep. We'd had a long day touring the city. Yes, I was tired, but it was still early in the evening and the erotic possibilities kept me wide awake. I lay there purring beneath her hands as I thought of the lovely day we'd had together. We'd been close friends years ago, but at that time I'd never known she was gay. This morning she'd come right out and admitted it to me, and if I was surprised, my surprise was mild. Maybe I'd always suspected she might be gay, and anyway it made no difference to me--especially since unknown to my husband I had an occasional fling with a woman when it was possible. I told Cleo about that this morning when she revealed she never dated men any more. Her response was a pleased look. "Well, that's news," she said. And when our eyes met, it was obvious something might happen between us, an embellishment of an old friendship.

This massage had been Cleo's idea, what they call a portentous moment, since it was obvious to both of us that if I agreed it would take our friendship into new territory. Ordinarily, that might not be so, but with our admissions in the morning about Cleo as gay and myself as experienced with women, a massage was more than just a massage. What did I want? I was far from certain about that in any general sense, but there was no doubt now that Cleo's hands on my body felt wonderful.

My loose blouse was out of my jeans and Cleo's hands were on my lower back. Then her hands slid under my blouse and up my back to work my shoulders again, this time on bare skin.

"Mmm, that's good," I said.

"It's a treat that we're together again."

"Yes."

"You know, I always lusted after you."

"Really? I did wonder about you sometimes."

"But I never made a pass, did I? You had your marriage. If I'd known you were into women, I might have made a move."

"But I wasn't, you know. Not then. That happened later."

"Anyway, here we are."

Was she about to make a pass, about to suggest sex? I thought about my husband. He knew nothing about this part of my life, and I wanted to keep it that way. Should I be condemned for that? We had a good marriage, two lovely children, contentment, mutual interests, everything worked. Why should the fact that I occasionally and secretly enjoyed sex with another woman destroy our marriage? Maybe he already suspected it. My deceit was only half complete, since if he ever asked, I would certainly tell him everything.

But at the moment I was on a bed with Cleo straddling my body, and I had no interest in anything else. We had never had any contact like this, no more than a kiss on the cheek when we met or said goodby. I realized now that I wanted more, wanted whatever would happen between us. I moaned as her hands slid up and down my back. She had my blouse pushed all way up to my shoulders to expose the back of my bra.

She tugged at the bra. "Can we get this out of the way?"

So this was the next portentous moment. It would be the next step into new territory for us. I did want it. I sat up. Our eyes met. She smiled at me as she slowly unbuttoned my blouse. When the buttons were undone, she helped me slip out of the blouse and tossed it to the foot of the bed. There I was with only my bra on top, my jeans still on and my feet bare. Instead of getting rid of the bra, Cleo kissed me, a short kiss, then a more lingering kiss. Her tongue probed and my mouth opened to her. As we kissed with passion, she closed her hands over my bra covered breasts and squeezed gently. Then our lips parted and we looked at each other.

She was older than me by a few years. I'd always thought her extremely attractive, and she was still attractive now in her late forties. She had dark hair with hints of gray, the short hairstyle emphasizing her lovely features. She was really lovely--and also one of the most intelligent people I'd ever known. I was completely comfortable with her, and there was no way I could resist this new phase of our friendship.

Her eyes were on my bra-covered breasts. "You're as lovely as ever."

"It's been almost ten years."

"I don't see any change."

I reached behind me to unclasp my bra, then slipped it off my shoulders and away from my breasts.

Cleo's eyes glowed. "Luscious."

"And a bit droopy."

"But luscious."

"Oh, hell." I laughed and lay on my belly again. "Let's get back to the massage."

She straddled my upper thighs again, her hands once more massaging my shoulders. Then I felt her lean forward and kiss my neck. I shivered with pleasure.

"Mmm, I like that," I said.

She kissed my neck again, and this time I could feel her wet tongue licking my skin. She knew all the right spots on my neck, and before long she had me groaning under her lips and tongue.

She whispered in my ear. "I think you like this."

I groaned. "Yes, I do."

She suddenly stopping kissing my neck, climbed off me and left the bed. "I'll be right back," she said as she headed for the bathroom.

I lay waiting for her, thoroughly aroused now and eager for whatever might happen. When she returned, I turned away from her and she lay beside me and cuddled against my body. We lay close together with her right arm around my waist. Then I suddenly felt the hardness pressing against my bottom. Curious, I slipped my right hand behind me and soon felt the source of the hardness.

I groaned. "Where did this come from?"

"I just put it on."

"You're nasty."

"It can't be your first time. Tell me the truth."

"No, it's not the first time."

"And you like it?"

"Yes."

Yes, I liked it. With the right woman, it could be marvelous. As Cleo moved her hips against me, rubbing the strap-on into my bottom, it was obvious she was as aroused as I was. I pictured her in a harness and dildo. The image was certainly exciting, since I knew well how intense the pleasure could be on the receiving end. She'd be good. I knew Cleo would be good at it. I felt her hand stroking my belly. She hadn't touched my breasts yet, only looked at them when I'd removed my bra. I yearned for her to touch me.

At last I felt her fingertips stroke the underside of my left breast, just a light caress, but enough to produce a tingle between my legs. Of course I was wet. Teasing like this always set me off. Now Cleo's fingertips dug under my breast and stroked me there also. She obviously knew how to tease. I turned my body to give her hand more access, and her fingers slowly moved to my nipple and gently squeezed it.

She whispered in my ear: "Feel good?"

"Yes."

"I love your tits."

I moaned as she squeezed my breast. Her fingers took hold of my nipple again, this time squeezing it harder, almost on the edge of pain.

"Am I hurting you?" she asked.

"No, I like it."

"Let me get them both." She slid her left arm under my body, and now she had both hands on my breasts, each nipple caught between her fingers. She squeezed and twisted both nipples and I felt the jolts of pleasure down to my pussy.

Finally, I turned over to face her and our mouths met in a hungry kiss. With our mouths open, we slapped our tongues together, then took turns sucking our tongues between our lips. Her hands were all over my breasts, pulling at them, twisting my nipples as I moaned with pleasure.

She suddenly pulled away and rose from the bed and started undressing. I watched her, my pulse racing as her large swinging breasts came into view, the light brown nipples extended and looking succulent. She removed everything except her boxers, the front of the shorts tented by her strap-on.

Her hands holding her breasts up, she saw my eyes on her crotch and laughed. "Oh, you do want it, don't you? And I'm going to give it to you."

Then she lay down beside me and I was in her arms again, this time with our bare breasts rubbing against each other. My nipples were erect, the tips of my breasts so swollen I could feel the tightness. As we kissed, I slid my hands down Cleo's back and inside the waistband of her boxers to hold and squeeze her ass. She had a big lovely ass. She groaned and bent her face to my breasts, sucked a nipple into her mouth and pulled on it.

She released my breast. "What do you like?"

"Everything," I replied.

"I want to eat you up. I want to kiss you everywhere."

I giggled. "Mmm, that's an offer I won't refuse."

"Let's get you undressed. I want you naked."

We both worked to get my jeans off. And then, as I lay on my back, she gave me a sultry look and slowly pulled my panties down my hips and thighs and off my legs. I felt wanton as I opened my thighs to show her my pussy. She gazed at it with lust in her eyes and smiled.

"Sweet pussy," she said. "I've wanted to see it for years."

I teased her. "Aren't they all the same?"

She laughed. "Thank God, no!"

I found exposing myself to her incredibly exciting. I'd known her for years, never thought about sex with her, yet here I was with my legs wide open and my pussy naked under her eyes. What would she do to me? I wanted everything.

I pointed at her boxers. "Those should come off. I want to see what you've got there."

She chuckled. "You're eager for it."

"Yes I am."

I watched as she rose from the bed and wriggled out of the boxers to stand with a black harness and a lovely pink cock pointing at me.

She took the cock in her hand and wagged it at me. "Interested?"

"What do you think?"

She moved forward. "Want to suck it?"

The idea excited me and I sat up on the edge of the bed. She stood between my legs and I took the cock in my mouth. It felt wonderful, spongy and smooth, the head a lovely suck. Finally I pulled my mouth away. "I want to be fucked with this."

She laughed. "Not yet." She leaned forward to kiss my mouth, and then her face slid down to kiss and lick my breasts. She sucked each nipple between her lips, then slid further down to lick my belly and tickle my navel with her tongue. I wanted her mouth on my sex, but when she moved further down she teased me, avoiding my pussy to instead kiss the insides of my thighs. Frustrated, I humped my crotch at her face, and finally she laughed and started licking my labia, licking up and down and then in between, and at last pulling me open to give a long lick from the bottom of my hole to the top of my clit, then back to my hole again to suck at my juices. The wet sound of her sucking mouth thrilled me. This was Cleo's face in my pussy. After all these years, there she was lapping at me like a hungry cat.

After a while I pulled my legs up to give her more access. Now her licking became more extensive, up and down from near my anus to the hood of my clitoris. Would she lick my ass? I love having it done to me, but I'm always bashful about asking for such an intimate act. As if reading my mind, she dipped her head lower and I felt her tongue there, at first a playful lapping and tickling, and then the feel of the tip of her tongue pushing at the entrance. I suppose my groaning let her know I wanted it. She kept pushing, and when I lost my qualms and pushed out, her tongue slipped inside like a slithering little animal. She knew everything, knew all about how to do it, and my only regret was that it didn't last. After a playful bite at my anus with her teeth, she moved her mouth back up to my clit and went to work on it.

I held my knees up and wide apart as she suctioned my clit between her lips and rapidly wagged her face from side to side. I love having my clit sucked and rubbed like that, and I soon came hard, bucking my cunt at her mouth as she kept my clit imprisoned between her lips.

When I calmed down, she moved her mouth to my hole to suck out my juices. She kept at it, slurping at my wet sex, and then finally she pulled her mouth away.

She sat up and smiled at me. "I've been dreaming about that for years."

I lowered my legs to the mattress. "I don't believe you."

"It's true. I told you I've always had a great lust for you. Was it good?"

"The best. You're wonderful."

"Let me fuck you now."

Of course I agreed. She shifted forward and raised my legs to her shoulders. She started rubbing the tip of the cock against my lips and around my hole, and then she had the head inside and she eased forward to slide the shaft into my vagina. It felt marvelous, as good as any real cock, and of course it would never wilt. Cleo knew how to do it, knew how to move her hips with an occasional grinding when she was all the way inside me. Some of the women who have done it to me have been clumsy. Cleo was not clumsy at all. She knew how to fuck. During all the years I'd known her, I'd never guessed her secret talents.

She made me come again. The orgasm was inevitable, since I love getting fucked. I came hard, and after that she pulled out of my pussy and lay down beside me. We kissed and hugged, cuddling against each other.

"That was wonderful," I said. "You make me wish you lived in New York."

"You'd get tired of me."

"No, I wouldn't. You're too exciting."

"I'm no runway model."

"You're fishing for compliments."

She purred. "Maybe, but it's true. I've put on weight and my ass is too big."

"I love big asses. Speaking of asses, get on all fours and let me play with it."

She laughed. "You're kidding."

When I assured her I wasn't kidding, she gave me a coy smile. She rose from the bed, got rid of the harness and strap-on, then knelt on the bed on all fours with her ass in the air.

She had wide hips and a lovely round ass. I ran my palms over it, tracing the smooth curves. "You do have a nice ass."

"I didn't think you noticed."

"Oh, I always notice asses."

"We've missed some fun all these years."

"Yes." I ran a finger between her labia and up into the crack of her ass and over her anus. When I heard a soft moan, I chuckled. "Oh, I think I've found a sensitive spot."

"Where?"

I touched her anus. "Right here in Fun Central."

"You're teasing."

I stroked her pussy again and felt the wetness. "You're dripping."

"I wonder why."

On my knees behind her, I put my mouth to her cunt and started sucking her juices. She groaned and pushed back against my face. Wet pussies were what kept me interested in women. I loved them, loving sucking them, loved the hot wetness and the taste of a leaking vagina. I continued sucking her like that until she came. At the end, she wiggled her ass in my face and told me she loved me.

"I've always loved you," she said, flat on the bed now, her body still trembling.

"You love me because I just sucked you off."

She giggled. "That too."

"What else do you want?"

"Fuck me. Use the strap-on and give it to me from behind."

And that's what I did. We both took great pleasure in it. I usually prefer to be on the receiving end, but making love to Cleo was a novelty, and holding her round hips while I worked her pussy with a cock became more and more exciting as she scaled up the hill to an orgasm. I loved it, loved wearing the cock and thrusting with it. I decided I would do more of it when I returned home. This interlude with Cleo reminded me how much I needed to get back to women. I'd always loved women. I knew I was a lesbian the first time I kissed a girl in high school.

Meanwhile I adored Cleo, sliding into her, loving it, and grateful that I had her as a friend and lover.