 I had seen her many times before, but never had I actually noticed her. Today however there was just something about her that had caught my eye. I had never before found myself attracted to another female. I never even imagined myself with another female. I had been in my fair share of relationships and breakups with men, each always leaving me feeling empty and heartbroken. I don't know how long I was staring at her. She was the vision of perfection, long tresses of sunset gold against lightly tanned flesh. Her pouty lips seemed to just scream out to be kissed, suckled and tasted. I was actually undressing her with my eyes. Imagining what she looked like beneath that blue strapless sundress that adorned her body, clinging to her perfect figure. It wasn't until she turned and those eyes like emeralds sparkling like the most magnificent jewel I had ever seen penetrated my own, almost hypnotically entrancing me under a spell. I know I should have glanced away, but I couldn't move. She had me breath taken. I don't really know what it was about her that enticed me so, but I had to have her. 

She began to walk towards me. Her hips swayed with a seductiveness that I had never seen. Golden curls bounced freely along her bare shoulders. She knew that I had been watching her, obsessing over her, desiring her. As she approached me, my lips parted to allow myself to speak, but no words were found. I had never been one to lack a voice before, but this woman had taken away my breath, my voice, she subdued my mind. I felt as if I was under some sort of spell. When she smiled her face lit up like a full moon lighting the night sky. She leaned forward letting her lips just barely brush along my ear lobe. The warmth of her breath blowing caressed along the sensitive areas of my neck. Whispered words were barely heard. Goosebumps had already begun making that trail over my body; chills ran down along my spine. I could feel my heart beating so hard and fast I feared it would explode. 

My actions were led on instinct, for I really had no idea what I was doing. I had to touch her, to feel the smoothness of silkened flesh beneath my fingertips. Impulsively my hand found its way to her bare shoulder. Fingers were set free to roam gently along the warmth of her flesh, slowly moving down to that lining where her dress met just above her breast. I glanced up, letting my eyes get lost within those emerald depths, only for a moment. It was then that I felt the softness of those perfectly ripened lips pressing against mine. My eyes fell behind the prisons of my lashes, locking out the realities around us, letting only the feelings that overwhelmed my body, take control. Her tongue urged my lips to part allowing our tongues to meet together and begin that dance of everlasting desire. If I had even noticed the way her skilled hands began removing my clothing I would not have cared. The only thing on my mind at this moment was to touch, taste, and become one with this woman. My own hands had lowered her dress to reveal those perfectly ripened melons. I could feel her nipples harden beneath my touch as my finger gently toyed with one before moving on to its twin. 

I did not want that kiss to ever end. I was reluctant when she pulled back, bringing her finger up gently to press along my lips, silencing me. My eyes remained closed, even as I felt myself being lowered into the plushness of the thick carpet below me. She lowered herself down over me letting our bare bodies connect to feel each others warmth and passion. Very slowly she began to move her body down along mine, her lips dragging with a featherlike touch along my flesh. I began to moan softly, letting her know that her touches were welcomed and that I craved more. Those lips had found there way around the swell of my nipple, closing around that hardened little bud she began sucking with a hungered desire. My back arched, forcing my breast closer to her. I could not get enough; the heat that ran through me was enough to make my blood boil. I could already feel the glistening dampness between my legs increasing, the intense craving to feel her fingers touch me in my most private place. 

As her lips, her tongue and her teeth worked like magic over my nipples, her fingers felt like little rain drops pattering down along my stomach touching me in ways I never knew imaginable. My hand moved up intertwining within those lush gold lengths, pushing down on her head urging her to move lower and to taste of my temptation. The tormenting of teasing continued as her fingers made their way down even lower, brushing along the border of my pubic bone. I pushed my hips up even higher, practically begging for her touch. It felt like eternity before those exploring fingers finally found their way to steaming, moist pussy. My clit was swollen with anticipation, throbbing for attention. Her finger pressed down lightly upon my clit and began that slow circular motion. My moans grew louder, becoming cries of mercy. She was pushing me beyond the clouds, into another dimension. 

My body began to tremble with the electrifying sensations that seemed to reach out touching every nerve ending within my body. My hands tightened within those locks in which they held, pulling tighter. She took my nipple between her teeth, biting down gently but yet harsh enough to let me feel the combined pleasure with pain. Her finger began to move quicker over my clit. I continued to thrust my hips into her touch. She released my nipple from its hold between her teeth. I could feel the warmth of her breath making a gradual decline downwards along my flesh. This is what I had been waiting for. Her finger was replaced by the rough texture of her tongue. Her finger slid down finding the entrance of my ecstasy. As her finger slid within the heat of my passion, burying itself within that moisture driven by her touch, I pushed her head even further into me, forcing her to take more of me, to taste the sweetness of my nectar, and drive me into an orgasm greater than I have known. She took my clit within her mouth, suckling hard upon it and letting her teeth occasionally nibble. Her finger began to slide within my depths, curling within to tickle upon that special spot. I continued to cry out and moan louder. I wanted so badly to cum all over her finger. Though, just as my orgasm was ready to burst forth, her finger pulled out of me.

She rose up slightly looking upon my pained features. She was torturing me. She knew I had wanted to cum, knew how close I had become. She waited for a few seconds, bringing me down slightly from those clouds in which I had nestled. Before I could come down too far however, she was at it again. This time she inserted two fingers within me, thrusting them deep inside, fast and hard. Her tongue resumed playing over my clit, lapping at the juices my body emitted. 

Once again I was on the verge of orgasm. This time she did not stop. Her fingers continued to thrust faster and harder. Her tongue moved almost arithmetically to the speed of her fingers. My body shuttered, my back arched, my hips thrusting, my moans becoming screams as I let out those built up juices into an exploding orgasm, soaking her fingers in their entirety. Just as I had thought she was done, I was proven wrong. Her fingers slipped free from within me, her tongue moved down to replace them. Pushing her tongue within me she was taking in all that sweet honey nectar she had drawn forth from me. 

My body glistened like the early morning dew upon a blade of grass lit up by the rising sun. I was in oblivion. Her free hand began to roam along my sides, sending chills throughout my body. Her tongue was like a magic wand, touching me in all the right places. Her tongue pushed up further within me, drinking in my taste. Her finger had found my clit and began toying with it once more, pressing firmly upon it and rotating her finger in a circular motion, and then taking it between two fingers and pinching upon it lightly. Her roaming hand found its way to my breast, gently cupping that soft swell within her grasp and kneading it within her hand. 

"I want to taste you" I begged, beckoning her to allow me the taste of her as well. I had never tasted another woman. She seemed rather pleased with the idea, and without hesitation she was turning her body, straddling her legs over my head and repositioning herself between my thighs. I opened my eyes finally, and looked up at those pinkish lips. Her aroma alone was invigorating. I wasted no time in bringing my head up to allow my tongue to flicker out and take my first taste of a woman. I could not describe the taste, could not match it to anything else. It had a sweetness all of its own and the more of her tasted, the more of her wanted. It did not take me long before I was burying my tongue within her. My finger exploring my curiosity plunged deep within her. I could instantly feel the warmth and wetness against soft walls. My finger began to move deeper within, and then pulling back. I continued this motion, as I listened to her moans of pleasure muffled and vibrating against my mound. The combined sounds of the two of us was musical, the sweetest sounds I had ever heard. 

I knew she was about to orgasm. I could feel the way her body shivered. My finger moved faster, edging her on. As soon as I felt that gush of liquidy warmth coating over my finger I quickly withdrew replacing it with my tongue. Just as she had tasted me and drank from my fountain I would do to her. 

After we had both orgasmed, we found comfort within each others arms. Laying side by side, our sweaty bodies pressing against each others, we allowed our lips to meet up once more, sharing that sweet taste that still lingered upon our lips. Our hands continued to roam, caressing each others bodies. It was one of the most magnificent experiences I had ever been given the privilege of sharing.