 Lisa was sitting at the kitchen table talking on the phone. I could see all she had on was a pale pink bathrobe. She spotted me at the entrance and waved me into the room. So I took a seat and watched her. 

"Yes darling, I understand. No it's no problem. I'm sure she'll understand. I'll be sure to tell her. Yes, yes, ok bye I love you." 

Smiling, she asked if I wanted a cup of coffee. Shaking my head yes, she got up and fixed me one. "Katy, I wanted to thank you for last night." After placing the cup in front of me, she sat back down. 

I was kinda afraid to look her in the eye. When I did, I found her staring at me searching my face for something. I started to tell her how sorry I was. That I didn't mean for what happened last night to happen. 

She reached out and grabbed my hand. "Katy, its ok. After seeing my facial expression, she shook her head and said, 'No really, its ok.'. 

Smiling, she began to toy with my hand. Turning it from side to side in her hand. "Katy that was Mark on the phone. He had an unexpected conference that he had to attend. He's on his way to Chicago now. I'm supposed to tell you that he enjoyed last night and would like a repeat performance when he gets back." 

I couldn't believe she was saying this with a straight face. I think I'd be very upset if I was passed out drunk and woke to being fucked by some unknown woman and then to have my husband ramming his cock in her. I'd be very upset. For the life of me, I couldn't understand why she wasn't upset. 

"Katy, since he's going to be gone for a few days, I would like for you to stay here with me. We can go over to your house and get some of your things. Would you like to stay here? You see, last night you fulfilled one of my greatest fantasies. I always wanted to have a woman go down on me. Actually getting fucked by you was even better though. I'd like to continue. Except with one difference. I'd like to be able to return the favor." 

Oh my, did she say? Ohhh my. I can't believe it. I'd never really thought about being with a woman. Now here I am basically thrown into this situation. I thought about it for a few minutes. I came to the conclusion that I would like her to fuck me, and vice versus. 

So after we were both ready, we went to my apartment and got some clothes and accessories. We stopped and had lunch at a cute little deli. While we were waiting on our food, we talked about all sorts of things. I guess its what you would call getting to know one another. Since I didn't have to be at work until Monday morning, we decided to go to the movies. The subject of sex wasn't brought up at all. It was like we were just two women hanging out. 

After we left the deli, we headed straight to the Movie Theater that was closest to her house. It was a boring movie. From what I did pay attention to. We ended up kissing and petting each other until the credits rolled. 

Later that night, when we were back at her house. We had dinner then sat in the living room drinking a bottle of wine. We sat side by side not really talking. Just lost in our own thoughts. I didn't think if I leaned over and kissed her she'd have a problem. Especially since she wanted me to stay here. So I did. I put my glass down and turned towards her. She looked at me, not saying anything. Her shoulder length hair was pinned up. I took the clamp that was holding her hair in place. Down came her hair, cradling her face. I studied her face for a moment. She had light brown eyes, pouty lips that were covered in a light lip-gloss. I ran my fingers through her hair, then pulled her face towards mine. Her lips were soft and slightly moist. Probably from her licking her lips all day. It was a light kiss. We started to explore each other's mouths. My tongue twirling around hers. 

I began to lean even more toward her. Basically pushing her down to the floor with my body. Slowly my hand began to caress her breast through 

her shirt. I could hear her moan softly. Gosh she started making me wet when she started pulling my hand down to her thighs. I knew she wanted me to touch her pussy. I couldn't wait. I told her to get undressed. So she stood up and began to slowly sway her hips from side to side. Giving me a little strip tease. When she was finished, she got down on all fours and crawled slowly toward me. I opened my legs and she crawled in between them. When she was up close to me, she started to kiss me. First my mouth, then my neck, slowly moving her body up against me. I started to run my fingers through her hair. 

Somehow, we ended up with me lying down on the floor, with her kneeling between my legs. She began to kiss the insides of my ankles, moving up my legs. Soft light kisses as she inched her way up between my thighs. When she was up near my pussy, she began to flick her tongue up and down my slit. I've never felt anything like that before. I've had men do the same things, but it feels allot different than what she was doing to me. She worked her hands under my ass and lifted my legs onto her shoulders, so she could reach my snatch better. Then with long movements, she began to lick me from the bottom of my pussy up to my clit. 

I wrapped my legs around her head, pushing my legs down against her back. My hands grabbed her head and began shoving her face down into my pussy. Damn she's making me so wet, I thought to myself. I knew I would cum soon, I didn't want it to end it felt so fucking good. "I'm gonna cum...gonna cum." "Don't stop, oh God, don't stop." She started licking faster and faster. Finally she used one of her hands and began to rub clit with short uneven strokes. Lisa stuck two of her fingers inside of my pussy and began to suck on my clit. Faster and faster she moved, making me lose control. "Oh God, oh God..I'm cumming..cumming. "Aaaaaaaahhhh..yes...yesss.yesssss. 

After I came, Lisa sat up and let watched me come down from my sexual high. I lay there gulping for air. My legs were still open, with my pussy catching a breeze from the fan overhead. I looked over at Lisa; she was smiling and looking very pleased with herself. Sitting up, I smiled back. 

"Lisa, thank you so much. I never thought a woman could make me cum so hard. It's my turn." She leaned towards me and started licking my breasts. Damn that feels good, no wait. I've gotta make her cum, before I can cum again. "Lisa." She switched between my breasts, back and forth sucking my nipples. Twirling her beautiful pink tongue around each bud. "Lisa," I pushed her away a bit. "I want to make you cum. I want to lick that beautiful pink pussy. Spread your legs for me." As she did as I asked, I bent down and immediately began licking her slit. I attacked her clit. All the while squeezing the insides of her legs. She was moaning and breathing raggedly. I slipped my tongue into her pussy, tasting her smooth insides. I could hear her scraping her nails on the carpet, as she tried to find something to grab onto. Faster and faster my tongue was stabbing into her. 

Damn, she tastes so good. "STOP!" I immediately stopped. Looking at her to see if anything was wrong she said, " I can't take it anymore Katy. I have to suck your pussy some more, Please...please let me suck your pussy." That shocked me. Who am I to say no, to getting some more tongue action? 

So I turned around and moved up so my pussy was up above her mouth and I could feel her quickly start licking me. I put my head back down between her legs and continued to suck her. Within moments, she began cumming. I didn't want to waste such good juices, so I began to lap them up. Tasting her cum sent me over the edge. I came. My juice sliding down into her mouth. Lisa started cleaning me up and I finished cleaning her. 

When we were finished, we laid side by side. I'm not sure when we fell asleep, but I do know that when I woke up I was alone on the floor with a blanket over me. 

To be continued...