 I'd seen her around town while I sat at the desk at work, waiting on something to do. She was gorgeous. I wish I knew her name. I wished she'd come in and let me do her hair. Yeah, fat chance. Well, as it was, fat chances must have been in season. 

****************************

I pulled into the parking lot of the grocery store, and sighed as I parked. It had been a long day, and I was just ready to go home. I wasn't in the mood to go to the store, get something to fix for dinner, then go home and actually cook. As I walked through the door, I thought once again that I should have just ordered a pizza. I wandered aimlessly through the aisles... nothing sounded good, nothing looked good... Hell, I was just about to decide I wasn't going to eat. 

"Oh! I'm so sorry! I completely cut you off.. Excuse me." Snapped out of my reverie, I looked up.. into the face of that woman. I felt my eyebrows lift in surprise, and my mouth opened, but no words came out. Finally I found my brain. "Oh, no, that's okay. I wasn't paying attention. Too many choices around this place." I smiled, and she chuckled. 

"Yeah, I know what you mean." She smiled then. Her lips curved over beautiful teeth, and I stared. I know I did. Not sure what to say, or to do, I stood there for a second, like a total idiot. She stepped forward and extended her hand. 

"I'm Andrea. I just moved into town. It's nice to see a friendly face." "Hi Andrea, I'm Bree. It's nice to meet someone new!" I reached and clasped her hand. It was warm and soft, and welcoming. My gaze flickered down to our hands, and I could have sworn she brushed her fingers across my wrist for no good reason before she let go. 

We stood and chatted, and ended up wandering around the store for almost a half hour, just talking. I glanced at my watch, and neither of us could believe that it had been that long. 

Andrea spoke, "Well, we both need to eat, and there's no sense in going home alone, and cooking two separate meals. Why don't you can come over to my apartment. We can have dinner and chit chat, and you can fill me in on all the gossip of the town. I'll be 'in the know'." We laughed, and I readily agreed. There was just something about her... .. 

*****************************

A few days later, I woke up as my alarm clock screeched in an evil way right in my ear. How unpleasant. It shouldn't have even been set. I turned it off and rolled back over, hoping I'd fall asleep. I did, for about two minutes. My cell phone rang. I sighed, reaching for it. "Hello?" I asked huskily into the receiver, stifling a yawn. 

"Bree?" 

"Yeah?" I think I might have sounded a little impatient. 

"I know it's early, but my car won't start. I hate to ask, but is there any way you could take me to work?" 

"Oh, Andrea, I didn't recognize your voice. Of course. Give me about 10 minutes." I yawned and stood up, heading for the bathroom. 

"You're such a sweetie, thank you so much! I owe you one. I'll see ya in a few." We exchanged good byes, and I threw on clothes and headed out the door. 

"Bree, you have no idea how much this means to me!" Andrea said, right as she opened the car door. 

"Don't worry about it. Just remember, you owe me one." I said, laughing. "I do. A big one. A Huge one." She exaggerated, using her eyes and hands to express how 'huge' of a favor she owed me. We shared companionable silence and comfortable conversation on the drive to her work. It was nice. I hadn't felt that easy with someone for a long time. I pulled into the parking lot of her work, and had to park a ways down the street. Must be busy all around town. I turned my head to speak to her, and before I could get any words out, she pressed a quick kiss to my lips, said thank you again, and hopped out of the car. 

I sat there blown away for a good five minutes. Was that a 'thanks a lot' kiss? Or, a 'you're a sweetie' kiss? Or something more?? I shook my head to clear it, and pulled away from the curb. How odd. Of course I was attracted to her. I wanted the woman. But I wasn't sure about her. Was that truth, or was that a mixed signal? I sighed. Damn, nothing could be cut and dry and easy, could it? 

********************************

I went home and cleaned the house from top to bottom. I took a shower and got ready, then went to the store and stocked the kitchen. I'd called Andrea at work, and figured out what time I needed to pick her up, and decided she was coming to my house for dinner. I made meatballs and put them in the oven, then got the sauce and past ready to put on when it was time. I went to freshen up... reapplying my make up, changing clothes, fluffing my hair. I did one more 'once over' on myself in the mirror, and decided that I was as attractive as I could be, and headed off to pick her up. 

All the way there, I wondered about my intentions.. and about hers. I was totally confused. But I'd soon figure it out. She got in the car, and we started our normal conversation, that had been so easy and flowing since we met just a few days before. Then it hit me. It had only been four days since I actually met her. Though I'd watched her comings and goings for a couple weeks longer than that. It wasn't like me at all to move so quick, to want something so bad, so quick. I wondered how she was going to feel about all that. 

"Oh, you're house is so cute!" She exclaimed as we pulled into the driveway. 

"Thanks.. I need to get out here and weed the flower beds... It's just that I have no motivation." I laughed through the sentence. 

"I'll come help you one day. I love gardening." Her eyes took in all the 'landscaping'. I could see the wheels turning in her head. I let us in through the front door, and gave her the twenty-five cent tour. She had to use the restroom, so I excused myself to go turn on the sauce and set the noodles to boil. She came down and helped out, getting the meatballs out of the oven and into a serving dish, setting the table, and she poured us some wine. I watched her from the corner of my eye. She looked at home. How cute. 

It was finally finished, so we sat and ate, talking about our days and other mundane topics. In no hurry to do anything other than enjoy each other. The wine kept flowing, and finally I realized I was supposed to be driving her home. I wasn't about to get behind the wheel, and she was in no condition either. 

"Andrea, I do believe we're too intoxicated to get you home." I said with a smile. 

"I think you're right. I didn't realize we'd drinked... drunk... drank that much!" 

"Obviously!" We burst into fits of laughter. I had tears streaming down my face, and she was about to turn purple. Which made me laugh harder.. oh, it was so nice. 

"C'mon, let's go sit on the couch. Watch TV or something." Andrea stood, grabbing my hand to pull me up, and we headed for the living room. I plopped down on one end, leaning against the armrest. She landed right next to me. I was a little surprised, but highly pleased. Andrea leaned up and grabbed the remote, and when she leaned back, I lift my arm and laid it along the back of the couch, and once she realized it, she leaned into me, curving herself into my side. The butterflies started in the pit of my stomach. She seemed unaffected, so I didn't move. 

I sat there, tortured, while she flipped through channels, stopping on one show or another, trying to decide which we were going to watch. She gave up, leaving it on a sit-com, and she nuzzled closer to my side, her hand abandoning the remote to rest on my thigh. There was those damn butterflies again. She wasn't doing anything untoward either... so I chalked it up to being overly attracted to her. 

I was almost lost in the show, when I felt her thumb moving against my leg. A jolt went through me as I caught on. We'd left the light off, so all I could see was part of the side of her face, and I could only watch her hand. I shifted in my seat, trying not to disturb her. Apparently she thought she was disturbing me, because she moved closer, and her hand higher. My breathing got a little uneven, and I could feel each breath I took into my tummy. After a minute or so of that, my legs were a little too close together, and my jeans were pulled up just a little too high for comfort. Every breath I took it seemed, pulled the seam a little tighter into my pussy. 

I sat and acted like nothing was going on.. I closed my eyes.. I counted to ten... nothing helped. I glanced at what I could see of her face, and saw the smile lurking there on her mouth. The tease. Her hand moved a little higher, onto my hip, then my stomach, and her fingers slipped deftly beneath the hem of my shirt. I closed my eyes as her cool fingers worked gentle circles on my skin moving upward all the while. 

At long last, they brushed across my nipple. It was already hard, but at her touch I felt it pucker and press up into her hand. She cupped my breast, sliding her hand to the side, and letting her thumb drift lazily across the nipple. I shuddered, and a small, almost silent moan escaped my lips. She turned her head then, and looked up at me. I bit my bottom lip, and stared into her beautiful blue eyes, and she scooted up slightly, and spoke in a whisper. 

"Do you want to do this?" All I could do was nod. My teeth released my lip, and she smirked as she leaned up to kiss me. It was a gentle, searching kiss. Her lips moved over mine, exploring, tasting... I got a chill, and as her tongue slipped past the entrance of my mouth, her forefinger curled around to meet her thumb, with my nipple pinched between. I moaned into her mouth, and my back arched slightly, pressing my breast into her palm. She leaned back then, setting herself away from me. I whimpered at the loss, startling a devilish grin from her. She had removed her hand from under my shirt, and she placed it on my knee, using it to push herself off the couch. 

"Lie back Bree." She said, urging me to lay down. I repositioned myself, so that I was flat on my back on the couch. Speechless. All I could do was watch her. She lifted my legs, so that my feet were planted on the couch, and my knees were in the air. Sitting down, she slid her hands from the backs of my knees, up the backs of my thighs, then back down, she tortured me for what seemed like hours. Finally, she moved them around, until she was caressing the insides of my legs. My heart was slamming against my ribcage, and breathing had become rather difficult. 

Andrea mumbled something about my pants covering way too much. But as she was speaking, her hand slid up, and laid flat, covering my pussy through my pants and panties. I didn't hear a word she had to say. My hips had jerked up towards her hand slightly, and it made her smile. All it did to me was torment me further. 

Her hand continued to slide upward, and she unbuttoned my shirt as she went, and pushed it to either side of me. Her fingers quickly undid the front clasp of my bra, and she pushed that aside as well. With my chest heaving, and my stomach trembling, she looked me over. She got up on her knees in between my legs, sitting back. I looked up into her eyes, wondering what she had in mind... I just wished she'd do it, before I died. 

Andrea then spoke softly. "As I said... you've got entirely too many clothes on." Her hands found their way to the waistband of my khakis, and she undid the button, then the zipper. Grasping the waist of them, she tugged them down, and I lifted my hips so she could get them off. Once she'd throw the offensive garment to the floor, she trailed her fingertips back up my legs, but she didn't pause this time. She went right for the apex of my legs. She teased my warm wetness through the panties, and again commented on how overdressed I was... I didn't have it in me to point out she was still fully clothed. Just as the though went through my mind, her fingers slipped under my panties, causing me to gasp as they brushed against my most sensitive area. 

I'd barely gotten my breath caught before one finger slid between my lips, exploring. I bit my bottom lip, moaning in my throat.. she wasn't hardly doing anything, but I thought I was going to explode. She added another finger into the explorations, and as she slid them slowly inside of me, she brought her other hand up, allowing her thumb to brush lightly across my clit. I wriggled, my hips pushing into her hand. Andrea's eyes caught mine, and I couldn't look away... I was getting lost in them as her fingers delved deeper, and her thumb pressed harder. 

"Are you enjoying this?" I hissed between my teeth.

"Mmmmm almost as much as you are." She said, smirking. At the same time, she leaned down, moved her hand, and nipped at my clit through my panties. My hips bucked, my back arched, and I bit my lip, stifling a scream of pleasure.

She moved to the side, and I felt her tongue drift lazily along the side seam of my panties. I was quivering. Andrea mumbled something about my 'damn panties', and proceeded to remove them. She pushed against one leg, so that it laid against the back of the couch, and move my other leg, so that my foot was on the floor, effectively splaying me out before her. My god, I'd never felt so exposed in my life. 

As her eyes took in the sight before her, I watched her face. After a brief moment, she looked up at me with a wicked grin, and dipped her head, making a clean sweep with her tongue, along the entire length of my slit. I jerked and moaned, reaching above me to grasp the arm of the couch, my fingers digging into the upholstery. 

Her tongue slid against my clit, making circles around it, then she'd pause, and bring her tongue into her mouth, tasting the very essence of me, moaning each time she repeated the process. As did I. Very gently, she slid a finger inside me, wriggling it slowly, feeling all of me that she could.. And I knew I was going to die. The exquisite torture was going to kill me. 

Before I could register what was happening, she added another finger, pressing inside me, deeply, completely, stretching me to accommodate her, as her lips sealed around my clit, sucking in earnest. I gasped, whimpered, and as she withdrew her fingers, and plunged them deep inside again, my hips bucked, taking her deeper, and while her tongue brushed across the top of my clit, I came. Like I've never came before. 

The waves of my orgasm continued to wash over me, as she continued to suck, fondle, and fuck me with her gorgeous fingers. After a moment, she slowed her movements... then stopped all together... And I slowly came back down to Earth. 

I couldn't speak.. Could barely breath, and I lay there, gasping for breath, trying to control my emotions, as she moved up my body, and laid between my legs. She gave me a quick kiss, as if to seal a bargain, and nuzzled her face into my neck.

Finally, catching my breath enough to get a word out, I murmured, "You, my dear, are going to pay for that."

"How promising." Andrea said with a gentle smile.