 Chapter 10: Beth's visit

I awoke later, somewhat confused. I seemed to remember that Beth called me at some point after the chapter meeting, and I remember her saying something about coming over but almost everything after that is a bit of a blur...at least to a point. 

I know I locked the door and went to the bathroom, where I fell asleep sitting on the toilet. Not surprising after what I'd been through at the chapter meeting. I woke up with a numbness in my legs and nearly fell when I realized they were asleep as well. It took several minutes of effort to restore feeling enough for me to stand. 

At some point, I stripped naked and dropped to the bed, without even getting under the sheet. That's the point where things evidently happened that I had no knowledge of, or was so sound asleep it didn't matter. 

Now, I was lying face down on my bed, naked. My hand was next to my face on the pillow and my right arm was tucked into my body. No problem so far, right? Where the confusion came in was why my legs were spread so wide and why I had a pillow under my body, just above my hips. Are you getting the picture? 

The next thing I noticed was that someone was lying on the bed between my legs and thankfully, they were female. Some how or another, two of her fingers had found their way into my pussy and her face was lying against my ass. Hen nose was nestled between my ass cheeks, holding them open for her tongue, which was probing my anus over and over again. 

How I'd managed to stay asleep long enough for all this to happen was an indication of the skill of my chapter members. I was so close to an orgasm already that I slipped into it with a powerful shudder and a loud expletive. When I was allowed to calm, she crawled up along side of me and smiled at me, pushing her fingers to my lips that I could have a taste of her efforts. 

"Go wash your face, you naughty girl," I said. 

She laughed and got up to go into the bathroom. I lay quietly, still on my stomach and my ass still in the air, while she cleaned herself up and brushed her teeth. She came back to me and I suddenly realized that she was still dressed. 

"What the hell is that all about?" I asked. "Why are you still dressed?"

She did a slow pirouette, and giggled. "You were just laying there, begging to be screwed and I didn't want to take the time or risk you waking up to stop me. Besides, I think I'll let you undress me, right after you get up and do whatever you have to do in the bathroom. I'll make some coffee. Are you hungry?"

"What a way to wake up," I declared. "What time is it?"

"Almost noon," she replied. 

I groaned and pulled the pillow from underneath me so I could roll out of bed. I wobbled into the bathroom and took a quick shower, brushed my teeth and did all the other things young ladies are prone to do when they first wake up in the morning. 

By the time I'd slipped into my robe and went to the kitchen, coffee was poured, as was a glass of orange juice, and she was taking the last of the cinnamon French toast from the skillet. I hadn't realized how hungry I was but I devoured the French toast as well as the two eggs she fried. 

"If you're doing all this just to get laid, you may be disappointed," I warned.

"Why Samantha, how could you possibly think something like that. I just came over here to help a good friend recover from a stressful bout of chapter sex. That's all."

"Whatever," I replied. "The French toast is awesome, by the way. You didn't have to do that but I certainly appreciate it."

"I'm glad to be of service," she replied, bowing deeply. 

"Do you know how beautiful you are in the morning?" I asked. 

"Now who's trying to get laid" she replied. "I'm just a friend who's worried about you."

"I'm not sure I could handle it anyway," I replied. "Just that quick orgasm wore me out."

"I don't think it's that your getting too much sex, Sam, I think the problem is that you aren't eating right or not eating enough, or both. You've lost weight since the first time I saw you and you don't need to lose weight. If you lose much more, you're going to be destroying your body."

"I guess," I agreed. "I have noticed that my clothes don't fit right. I come home from work at night, and I"m so tired I don't even want to think about cooking anything and I get so tired of microwave meals I can't stand it."

She sighed and went to get her purse. "I'm going to introduce you to someone you'll grow to love, hate and fear all at the same time."

"How charming," I replied. "Who is she, some Amazon mud wrestler?"

"You're not far off, hon," she replied. "You call her and tell her you want the same meals she makes for me. She'll deliver them for you and all you have to do is heat them up. They are delicious and well balanced and affordable. She gives us a special price too so be sure you tell her I told you about the special pricing for staff members."

"Ok, so now I know why I'll love her, but why will I hate her and why will I fear her?"

"Pay attention Sam. This is important. Chrissy is a big woman. I'm talking over six feet tall and solid. She works out with big weights and she works like a maniac in her kitchens. She has a big mouth on her and she'll try to run your life if you give her half a chance. Don't do it. She just screws things up. Last, and by no means least, do not, and I'm deadly serious about this, do not let her give you a person meal planning consultation or any other kind of private consultation. In fact, if you can avoid meeting her, do so at all costs."

"Good Lord, Beth, why would I want to have anything to do with someone that scary?"

"Because she's probably the best cook in the world," she replied. 

"So what does she do if I let her get me alone, or do I even want to know."

"She's a lesbian, but in her case, that's not a good thing. She likes it rough, and I mean really rough and she has to be in control. She will rip your clothes off and fuck you till you can't walk and worse. She wears a ten or twelve inch strap on under her clothes and believe me she knows how to use it. I call her the rectum wrecker because she loves anal. She doesn't try to hurt you, in fact, she tries not to most of the time, but she is so aggressive, you don't have a chance with her. She'll take no for an answer eventually, but in the meantime, you'll have that dildo buried somewhere in your body and I do mean buried. Just don't let her have the opportunity. 

"Doesn't anyone file charges against her?" I asked.

"What, and lose all that good food?" she replied. "Just don't let her in your house. If she tries to push her way in, tell her she's not welcome and if she comes in, you will call the law. You'd only have to do that once. She won't take a chance on losing all of our business, but be careful."

"Maybe I'll stock up on TV dinners after all, " I replied.

'Don't do that Sam. If you don't call Chrissy, find a local restaurant that will have an order ready for you to pick up on your way home but start eating and that's an order."

"Yes Mommy," I replied, sarcastically. 

She cleared the table and I went up to stand behind her and begin removing her blouse. 

"Sam, what are you doing? You just told me how tired you are."

"Beth, there is no way you are leaving her without me getting you naked and having my way with you. If it means I don't go to work for a week, it will be worth it."

When her blouse slid from her shoulders and fell to the floor, she tried to turn around but I stopped her. "Uh-uh honey." She wasn't wearing a bra so my hands were immediately wrapped around those beautiful breasts of hers and I wasn't about to let go. She whimpered when I dug my fingers into them but she stayed there while I molded them into my hands, taking her nipples in my fingers to roll, pinch, pull and twist them. I didn't stop until I dropped her skirt to the floor, leaving her in just a pair of skimpy bikinis which were no match to my desire, now burning out of control. She leaned back into me as my fingers began to explore between her legs. 

"Of fuck Sam, you know I can't stand that." she moaned as I slipped my thumb into her. 

Once I had her at my mercy, I led her to my bedroom and wrapped her in my arms while my knee went between her legs to press into her pussy. 

"Don't tease me, Sam. Please don't tease me."

"My turn," I announced as I reached into the night stand drawer for my eight inch vibrator called 'The Twister' due to its wild gyrations in your pussy when you turn it on. I was pleased when she didn't indicate that she was familiar with its action. It could be a good day after all.

I rubbed it up and down her slit, coating it good with her juices, then slipped the head into her. She pulled her knees up high to give me excellent view of her pussy and maximum penetration. I didn't turn it on right away, just slid it into her until it was banging into her cervix, then I left it there while I went down on her, sucking her clit into my mouth. When she began reaching down, trying to get hold of the twister, I pushed her away, and pulled it almost out before ramming it in deep, which caused her to nearly scream as she dug her hands into my bedding. 

I began a fairly rapid rate of thrusts, hard and deep until she was just about ready to come and I stopped, still leaving it in her. 

""Damn you Sam, I asked you, I begged you not to tease me." 

"Be patient lover," I replied, just before I turned it on, but only on the second setting. Her hips came off the bed and stayed off as I once again began to thrust it into her. When she once again began showing her oncoming orgasm, I waited for seconds, then rammed it deep and turned it all the way up. 

She went off like a moon shot, arching her back high off the bed and digging her fingers into the comforter. Her pussy gushed like old faithful as she continued to thrust her body skyward, gasping for breath and groaning so loud I was afraid the neighbors would call the law. 

I waited till she started to come down, then began long, smooth strokes without the twister being turned on as she calmed. She was covered with sweat when she finally dropped to the bed but I didn't stop the slow strokes. 

"Oh my god, oh my god," she kept mumbling over and over. I pulled the dildo from her battered pussy and rolled her to her stomach, rubbing her back with long, tender strokes to help ease her stress. When she had calmed, I kept rubbing her back while I moved lower for my next act. I reached around and retrieved my glass dildo, about 9 inches long with knobby protrusions it's full length, and began working it into her pussy slowly. 

"No Sam, I can't"she gasped. 

I shushed her and rubbed her back a bit harder. Then I closed in for the kill. She yelped when I rubbed into her anus with the head of the dildo, but she loves anal so I knew she wouldn't stop me until it was too late. I pulled pussy juice up over her anal opening with the tip of the twister and when it was good and wet, I dribbled quite a bit of spit on it. She tensed when I started to press into her and yelped as the head slipped past the sphincter. 

"What the fuck?" she yelled, but it was too late. I was into her rectum in half a dozen strokes and in half a dozen more, I was all the way in, sliding it in and out while I toyed with the glass dildo in her pussy, twisting and pushing it in and out. When I had established a rhythm, I reached down and turned the twister on low. You would have thought I cut her the way she screamed at me but then I turned it on high and left it in while I fucked her with my glass dildo. No one could say she was quiet when that orgasm hit. She frightened me though because at the height of its attack, she dropped to the bed unconscious, or so it seemed.

"Oh fuck," she gasped over and over again. Her eyes were closed but her breasts were heaving up and down as she tried to draw in some breaths. I let her calm some, then pulled the glass dildo from her pussy, leaving the twister where it was. Eventually, she was calm and I slowly withdrew it from her ass and took them both in to be cleaned up. 

"Ok, ok, that's it Sam. No more honey. No more."

I smiled and lay next to her, rolling her into my arms and together, we fell asleep. 

I woke to the tender touch of her fingers on my face. 

"Hey, sleepy head," she whispered. "You're wasting too many hours sleeping."

"I can't help it, you wear me out," I replied. 

She smiled. "I don't recall you being the one getting worn out," she observed. 

"It depends on your point of view,"I replied. 

"So why are we lying here naked, touching each other and talking when there are two things calling to us."

Confused, I turned her face to mine and kissed her. "Two things? I certainly know of one."

"No hon, not now. You're too beat up for that right now. I'm talking about food and something to drink. I'm starving and I know you must be too."

I hadn't even thought about food but at the mention of it, I realized I hadn't eaten for so long I could barely remember the last thing I ate. She threw me my robe and slipped into a pale yellow robe that did little to conceal her charms. As she belted it around her, her left breast slid from the robe. She giggled and pulled the robe over it. 

She'd brought chicken and grilled vegetables, which we warmed while we made coffee and set the table. I could have stood there watching her move all day long. The robe she wore simply moved with every move she made, flowing around her body, hugging her waist while highlighting her ass. I warmed at the memory of my tongue moving in and out of that tight ass as my pussy began to itch for more action. 

The smell of food won out though, my stomach growling with a hunger I'd forgotten about. When it was warm enough, we filled our plates and went to sit at the breakfast bar, next to each other. It would have been easier to concentrate had I not been staring into those eyes. 

"Have you scheduled Danni's orientation yet?" she asked, bringing me back to the real world. . 

"I don't have confirmation yet, but I booked a date. The original host group backed out and they had to find another group available to host it."

She smiled and shook her head. "They didn't back out," she revealed. "I talked them out of it. My group and I are hosting when it's scheduled."

"Why is that?" I wondered.

"It's going to be a most unusual session," she advised. 

"Do I want to know why?" I asked, looking at her face for some clues as to the reason.

"Mmmm, I think I'll wait to tell you that after all the details are worked out. Let me put it this way, you'll be pleased, she'll go through with it, and some lovely memories will result from it."

"I guess I have to choice but to trust you," I agreed.

"No, you don't," she replied, but the smile she gave me told me I had nothing to worry about. 

"Have you had any other meetings?" she asked.

"I haven't had time, but I do have one scheduled for Monday after next. It's with the girl Denise that you remembered. The one we discussed at the training session."

"Do you have a plan of action?" she asked.

"Pretty much just what we went through. I've put in a request of Windward but haven't heard yet. If I can't get that, I found another place further out called Glenlord Springs that Wendy highly recommends."

"She should. It's where she grew up. You'll have to have her tell you about her childhood and her teen years. She's a pretty horny woman and probably always has been."

"And one hell of a lover," I reminded her. "I'm not sure I could take a whole day with her."

"Oh it might be interesting Sam. If you ever get the chance, take it. You won't be disappointed."

"I'm sure I wouldn't be."

She'd brought a tasty parfait with her and had it chilling in the fridge, It was a perfect ending to the meal, followed by a very unusual cup of cappuccino. 

"I make it up myself," she replied when I asked about it. "I don't care for the extreme sweetness of most cappuccinos, so I blend my own. 'I'll leave you the rest when I leave."

The trouble is, I didn't want her to leave. 

I wasn't able to stifle the need to yawn. She smiled, and took another sip of her cappuccino. "I'd say you're still recovering," 

"From which, you or the chapter meeting?" I asked. 

"Both, probably," she replied. 

"I have to admit it was one of the most beautiful, yet exhausting, meetings I've been to. They focused almost all their attention of me for most of the meeting. It was slow, beautiful sex that went on and on. I could have let them have their way with me for hours and been happy but they had everything paced out so the ending was intense. I guess I didn't realize how much it affected me till I got home. It's a wonder I heard when you called. I was about two thirds asleep already."

"I know and I was worried about you. Now you've had some rest, you've eaten a good meal and you've gotten some caffeine in your system. How do you feel now?"

"I'm fine and I'll get a good nights sleep tonight. Wish I didn't have to work tomorrow but that's life."

"So true," she agreed. As I watched her, she twisted on the couch and her robe came open, framing her firm breasts with yellow silk. I tried to control my gaze but I didn't really want to and she noticed because her nipples began to harden.

"You make it awfully hard to keep my focus," she said, as she pulled the robe closed, which was a waste of effort, because it didn't stay closed for long. 

"How do you think I feel?" I asked. "I'm sitting here trying to remind myself that you're trying to help me recover and every time your robe moves, I get more aroused." 

She got up and took my empty cup from me. "We don't have a lot of time left, Sam, and as much as I want you, I don't want to be responsible for you sleeping through a meeting or something."

"I hope you aren't thinking of leaving yet," I said. "You know how I feel about you and how much I need you."

"I know, Sam," she replied, "but we have to be realistic. There will be other times when you aren't so exhausted." 

"No way," I replied. "Tired or not, you are not going to leave me here aching to feel your touch and wanting you inside of me, making me beg for release. I'd never get any sleep and wind up using a dildo or vibrator and that's just a poor excuse for the real you." 

We wrapped each other in our arms and tenderly kissed. "Will we ever be able to be naked together without hungering for each others love?" I asked. 

She shook her head and smiled a weak smile. "No Sam, I doubt it. We've both felt the strong need for each other and I doubt if that will ever change, at least I hope not." 

Though she offered some resistance, I managed to coax her into the bedroom, where we came together in each others arms. We caressed, fondled, petted, kissed, cuddled and snuggled for the longest time without making a move on each other in any way.

"This is nice," I proclaimed.

"Isn't it though?" she agreed. "But we both know that it isn't going to be enough" 

She slipped her leg between mine and we began to move into each other. As the heat built in our bodies, we rubbed into each other harder and harder, until she crawled up over me. "I've always wanted to try this with you," she declared, as she lifted my knees and pushed them over my chest, forcing my pussy up and out. The next thing I knew, she was between my legs, lowering her body to press our mons into each other. Then she leaned into me and raised me to the point that we were pussy to pussy, and clit to clit. The next ten minutes were pussy grinding, groaning, cursing, clit pounding, hard driving sex. 

Had anyone been able to hear us, they would have assumed we were being beaten, and in a sense, I suppose we were and when we came, I was first and it was loud, hard and it didn't stop because she wasn't about to let up till she got hers. At some point, we couldn't take it any more and she dropped down on top of me, where we lay, panting and trying to breathe. She finally rolled off of me, laying there as though she'd collapsed after a marathon. Could that be any worse, I wonder? .
