 Only the chapter meeting remained on my schedule before leaving for Las Vegas and I was getting anxious to leave, especially now that I knew some of the women and especially the dynamic little powerhouse named Jan, a woman that I was determined to learn, inside and out, especially in. 

When the departure for Las Vegas was postponed a week, I had been on a high, not losing a single candidate. With the extra week, I decided to try for one more success before I left. I made a few phone calls without success but then I received a phone call from someone named Kikki, telling me that someone from the office gave her my number in reference to her uncompleted orientation.

She wanted to talk about trying again and wondered if I could take the time to explain some things to her. I really didn't have the time, but I hadn't turned over my files yet and I hate to leave things unfinished. In reviewing her files I discovered a note that stated that she seemed to want to be ordered to do everything and that was what they had tried with her, but when it came time to penetrate her, she put her hand up and stopped the whole process, saying she couldn't go through with it. She was heard to mumble something about being in trouble already. 

To me, it appeared that she had been in a committed relationship that wasn't giving her what she needed, yet she was afraid to continue, no matter how much she wanted to. My first job would be to discover if she was still in the relationship and if my feelings were correct. 

I tried to contact her at work, but was told that she was not allowed to accept personal calls. I tried her home phone, but all I could get was an answering machine, so I left my message and went on with my project.

Several days later, I received a call. She sounded like she was frightened to death, almost whispering who she was and saying that she wanted to talk to me. I heard someone in the background, telling her to talk nice or I wouldn't come out. I took her address and went a few miles out of my way that night to check out the situation. The house was isolated at the end of a dead end road, the nearest house being nearly a block away. Sitting in the car, I watched as Kikki came home from work and sat in her car for a few minutes, just staring straight ahead. When she finally went into the house, I caught a glimpse of another woman inside who was quite tall, with a scowl on her face. 

I immediately contacted Laurie and Wendy who advised me not to pursue her as a candidate because her partner could very well be dangerous. I decided that I would follow their advice and went back to reviewing my itinerary and schedule for Vegas. 

The next day, Kikki called again, wondering what happened to me. I told her that since there was another woman living with her, I couldn't call on her unless that woman called and told me it was all right with her for me to do so. 

It wasn't more than fifteen minutes before the other woman, named Gwen, called and told me she had no objections to me talking to the woman as long as she was in the room at the same time and we didn't try anything. At that point, I wasn't going to try anything with either of them on a bet. We made an appointment for that evening at 7. 

I have to admit to some feelings of a foreboding of some kind, a feeling that everything was not exactly as it was represented, and a feeling that I might wish later that I had just wrote her off.

When I got to the house, she met me on the porch, wearing a robe and slippers. We shook hands and she ushered me into the house. I met Gwen, a rather attractive though masculine woman, and I began to feel that I was wasting my time. I was fairly certain that it was Gwen who managed to get through to Nikki and give her enough guilt that she could not allow herself to continue, although I had a feeling that she wanted to. 

Kikki went to the kitchen to get us some coffee which she said we could have as she signed the agreement to proceed. I sat on the couch, putting some paperwork in order, and making some notations on her paperwork. 

"So," Gwen began, "are you the one that tried to seduce my Kikki?"

"No," I replied, "not me personally. I wasn't a member at that time."

"So why did they send you to try again?"

"That's not why I'm here," I replied, knowing that it mattered little what I said anyway. "I'm here to find out from Nikki why she changed her mind and if there was anything we could have done to prevent it from happening again."

"She's not interested, that's all," she replied. "Why can't you accept that? She belongs to me and I don't want her doing it."

"That's fine," I replied, feeling that something was going on here that was much deeper than it appeared. "I'm not trying to convince her to do it again, Gwen. I was just replying to her phone calls. She said she wanted some answers to some questions so I offered to talk to her about it.."

"You shouldn't have taken her there. She didn't want to go to start with."

"Gwen, first of all, I wasn't a member then and no one took her anywhere. She had to go through the whole process and that includes many chances to say no but she didn't and that's why she got the invitation and the chance to go through it. She could have left any time she wanted to."

"Bull shit, I was right outside because I followed her and she was crying when she came out. She won't even talk about it."

"Kikki," I said, as she came back into the room, "why didn't you leave?"

"They wouldn't let me," she mumbled, obviously afraid to tell the truth. 

"I have pictures that will prove that you aren't being honest with us, Nikki," I advised her.

"Are you calling my girl a liar?" Gwen asked, as she stood up.

"I'm simply saying that I have pictures taken all the way up to the point where she used her safe word to stop. There was no attempt made up to that point."

"I want to see those pictures," she said.

"That's up to Nikki," I said. 

"No, bitch, it's up to me because she belongs to me."

"I think I should just leave," I said. 

"No way. You're going to give us those pictures or you don't go anywhere."

I pulled the envelope from my bag and dropped it on the table. "Help yourself," I said. "I don't need them anymore."

I started to walk toward the door but she grabbed my arm and dragged me back into the room. "You're going to apologize for calling Nikki a liar," she said. 

"I never said she was a liar," I replied. "That's up to you to determine when you look at the pictures."

"You don't understand," she said. "You've damaged my girl and you have to pay for that."

"Contact our legal department," I said, heading for the door again. 

She slammed me into the wall, knocking the air out of my lungs. "I'm going to show you why I know that Nikki didn't lie," she said. She dragged me into the bedroom and pinned my arms behind me. "Nikki knows what will happen if she ever lies to me," she said. "Nikki, get your ass over here."

"I'm right here, Mistress," she replied. 

"Did you lie to me about that Totally Woman shit?"

"No Mistress," the girl stated, backing away a bit. 

"You get back here girl. What happens if you lie to me?"

A shudder flashed through the girl's body before she replied. "I am punished Mistress."

"How?" she demanded. 

"I am beaten or whipped, and tied to the rack until you decide I may get down."

"Here's the deal," she said, tightening her grip on my arms. "You'll do whatever I tell you to, then you'll apologize to my girl the way I tell you to. You do that, and you can leave here without a problem. You piss me off and you'll pay. Do you understand?"

"You can't hold me here against my will," I shouted, even as she laughed at me. 

"Your will doesn't mean shit in my house. I'll just tell them you broke in and I was defending Kikki's honor. Isn't that right, Kikki?"

"Yes madam," she replied, and I began to fear where this was headed. 

She slammed the door shut, locking it behind us. I have no idea where she put the key but I knew I had no chance to get out anyway. 

"Strip!" she ordered. "Everything off. Now!"

I guess I hesitated too long because she slapped me across my nipple, sending painful shock waves crashing through my body. "You keep pissing me off," she warned, "and I'll make you wish you hadn't."

She opened a drawer to pull out an evil looking whip with several strands of black fibre, that for all I knew could be leather. "This thing leaves some nasty looking red marks and I love to use it so you'd best get naked quick because I'm feeling the need to peal some skin off."

I stripped quickly and she took my clothes and threw them to Kikki. "You put those under the bed, girl, and get that damned robe off. We'll show this sweet thing a few things about life."

Nikki never looked up at me at all, just did as she was told. She had a beautiful body but there was ample evidence that it was being misused. The problem was, that neither of us had a prayer against this woman. Without the key, she'd have us whipped bloody before we could scream for help, and even if we could, the neighbors would probably never hear us. When she turned the radio on and turned the volume up. I knew why she did it...to mask the screams should we try it. 

"Get down on the bed," she ordered. "Face down and spread your legs." I was shaking so hard I could barely walk but I did as I was instructed, hoping that someone would question the fact that I had not returned since I'd left messages for Beth and Laurie of what was going on. They were my only hope now.

She restrained me to the four corners of the bed and turned my head to be sure I could see where Kikki stood, with her head still down. The fact that her fingers were clenching and unclenching was evidence to me of what she really was thinking about.

"Turn around, Nikki" she ordered. "You know what to do."

Nikki turned and leaned against the wall, slightly bent with her ass protruding. The first stroke of the whip laid pink stripes down her shoulders and onto her back. 

"I told you not to go there but did you listen? No, you just had to find somebody else. I've tried to show you respect and kindness, but you just go and pull that shit. Tell this bitch what you got when we got home."

"50 lashes," she softly replied. 

"Speak up," she yelled. "She can't hear you." A second stroke went over the right ass cheek, flaring bright pink.

"50 lashes," she yelled. 

"What happened later?"

"You dripped hot wax on my nipples and clit, then tied me up and made me sleep with my head between my legs." 

"Did you learn anything?"

"I shouldn't have gone there or anywhere without your permission, Madam."

'Your damned right you shouldn't. So what should I do now for talking to this woman at all."

"You told me..." she never finished because the whip slashed over her legs and ass over and over, leaving a trail of bloody welts. 

"Is that what I asked you?"

"No madam," she replied.

"Do I need to increase your punishment?"

"Yes Madam. What ever you decide, Madam."

"That's better. Go get the box and hurry up about it."

"Yes Madam."

"Are you enjoying the show, girl? You haven't seen anything yet. She's a sweet, wonderful girl but she knows better than to do what she did and she knows she has to be punished."

"But you told me..." without breaking her motion, the whip came down across the cheeks of my ass and I screamed in pain. 

"I didn't give you permission to speak, bitch. That was just a warning."

Kikki returned from the closet with a box about the size of an apple crate. She took the top off and stepped away.

Gwen went over to lift up a frighteningly large dildo. "We'll start with this one," she proclaimed as she held it up for me to see. She picked up some lube and drizzled it over the monster. "Spread that around with your tongue," she ordered. Nikki never hesitated, but immediately began tonguing over the dildo to spread the lube. 

"I hear you like to watch," Gwen observed. "So do I but since I'm in charge, I get to watch. Kikki, show her how you love that toy."

Kikki bent over and began working it into her pussy, pain and stress flashing over her pale countenance. When she had almost all the way in, she stopped to take a breath. 

"What are you doing? Get over here," Gwen yelled. Kikki waddled over and turned her ass toward her mistress and Gwen pulled it out about an inch and hammered it home so hard I thought it was going to disappear. Kikki cried out and got a slap on both cheeks for it. "Now get it going." 

She actually laughed at Kikki's efforts to work that huge thing into her body. "Faster, girl, or do I have to help you?"

Tears ran down my cheeks as I watched and I cried out when Gwen went over to beat the dildo into Kikki. When Kikki started showing signs of orgasm, she yanked it out. 

"You know better girl. You almost earned yourself an extra punishment. Now get over there and fuck her and you'd better do it right because if I have to do it, you'll both pay."

The pain of the forced insertion set my body on fire but I wouldn't give her the satisfaction of screaming even though I bit holes in my lip to prevent it. When Kikki's arms tired, Gwen took over and didn't seem to want to stop. My only fear by that time was that she would shove it in my ass. 

"You did good, Kikki. See there, she never came...not once." 

Of course I didn't, I was hurting too much. I wanted to though, oh god, how I wanted to. 

I heard the doorbell ring and prayed that someone was coming to my rescue but she sent Kikki down to send them away. "If they come into this house, you're both going to pay an awfully high price," she warned. 

Kikki returned alone a few minutes later and I heard a car door close. 

"Are you going to tempt my woman again?" she asked. 

There was no point in telling her I never attempted to seduce Kikki so I just shook my head. Wrong thing to do. The whip lashed across my ass again. 

"When I ask you a question, I want to hear your answer." she stated. 

"No, of course not," I replied. 

"I ought to make you pay more. A lot more but Kikki and I have some unfinished business, don't we honey?"

"Yes, Mistress," the girl replied. 

"Well, get going. We don't need her here to watch you get fucked. Get the harness and the restraints ready."

As the girl left the room, I heard her whisper, "I'm sorry, miss."

"Get away from her, Kikki." Gwen ordered, and Kikki hurried out of the room. "Kikki is going to make me all better now so get the hell out of here before I fuck you silly." She threw me my clothes and unfastened the restraints. "You've got about five minutes to get dressed and out the door before I change my mind." 

I grabbed my clothes and started to dress. "Hold it, Bitch," she yelled. "I'll keep the bra and panties." 

She took my panties from me and when I bent to get my skirt, she pushed me to the bed, forcing my panties into my pussy, ramming them in with the handle of the whip. It was rough and hard and she plunged into me with it several times before she pulled it out then went fishing for the panties. She got off of me and smelled the panties. "Now get the fuck out of here. You're running out of time." 

"If anyone hears about this, Kikki will pay the price," she warned, as I dressed. "Next time you want some pussy, you find out if she's spoken for. The next dom may not be as gentle as I am."

Oh yeah, she was gentle alright. About as gentle as a lightening bolt. When I was dressed, she unlocked the door and pushed me through, forcing me through the house and out the door. 

"Now get out of here and remember what I said."

I waddled to my car and quickly locked the door behind me. Starting the engine, I drove a few blocks away, pulled to the curb and sat there sobbing not so much from the pain, which was substantial, but from a feeling of helplessness about Nikki's situation. 

By the time I got home, I was in no shape to do anything. I called Laurie and admitted she'd been right about me going over there. She wanted answers but I told her I couldn't talk about it. Then I ran a cool bath and soaked for a long time to take away the burn. 

I cursed loudly when the door burst open and Wendy and Beth rushed into the house, calling out my name. I told them where I was and a few seconds later, they stepped into the bathroom. "What the hell were you thinking of?" Wendy asked. "Honey, you can't assume everyone is good and loving. So what aren't you telling us?." I rolled over in the tub to show them my problem and they immediately lifted me from the tub and helped me onto the bed where they tenderly worked Tender-X into the reddened flesh.. 

"What happened," Beth insisted.

"I can't talk about it," I replied. 'If I do, someone is going to get far worse than this."

"You know, I like a little bondage and a good spanking never hurt anyone," Wendy said. "I've had the whip several times too, but the whole idea is to heighten the desire and enhance the orgasms. This person needs help."

"I know," I agreed, "but I couldn't live with myself if Kikki got hurt."

"Kikki Romano, right?" Beth asked.

I didn't reply. "Laurie warned you about that situation," Wendy reminded me.

"I know but they both called and said they wanted to talk."

"Oh girl, you'll learn," she sighed. 

"Well, the good thing is that she didn't do any real damaged except to your pride." Beth observed. 

I started to get up but Beth pushed me back onto the bed. "Uh-uh. You're going to stay right there and rest."

"Get some sleep," Wendy ordered. "We're going out for a bit but we'll be back to check on you."

I tried to sleep but kept waking up to the sound of the whip against Kikki's flesh. When the two women returned, they brought me a fruit smoothie. I sat up while Beth put some pillows under my thighs which raised my ass and pussy off the bed itself.

"You're just needed some time to rest," she said, sitting at the foot of the bed as they sipped on their smoothies. 

"We're going back to work" Wendy advised. "Do you want something for the pain or something to help you sleep?" 

"No," I replied, "just something for my shame."

"Nothing to be ashamed of, sweetie," Beth replied. "You're just too trusting of people and it cost you. I'll be back after our meeting. Want me to bring you something to eat?"

I shook my head, but then I changed my mind. "How about a parfait from Anderson's?"

"Ok, get some rest and I'll see you in a couple of hours. 

I woke to hear them talking in the living room later, but before I could get up, they came into the room. "Food's here," Beth said, waiting while I got up to go into the kitchen. 

"I feel like I need an ice cube shoved up my pussy," I said. 

"What a waste of opportunity," Wendy said and they managed to get me laughing. 

They sat at the breakfast bar but I chose to stand while we ate our parfaits and fruit salad. Beth found the iced tea in the fridge and poured us each a large glass over ice.

About two hours later, I heard a sound behind me and turned to find Kikki standing in the hall. I opened my arms to her and she came to me with her head down. 

"Look up, Kikki," I said and she lifted her face to me. I kissed her over and over while I held her in my arms. "Never look down again, Kikki," I told her. "Not for me, or anyone else. If you like being a submissive, that's fine, but never let anyone hurt you like that again."

She forced a smile and kissed me without replying. 

"She won't testify against Gwen," Beth stated. "She says it's her fault for disobeying her."

"No, Kikki. It's not," I replied. "She'll hurt someone bad one day and get her punishment but for now, you're here and you can stay with me until you decide what you want to do. The guest room bed is all made up and we can find you some clothes to wear." 
