 A Mistress and Charlotte Playdate.

*

Other Mistress and Charlotte stories for your enjoyment

Girl FridayKitten With BenefitsMaid's Day Off

*

Author's Note

The two main characters in this story are a couple in a dominant-submissive relationship. It is safe, sane, and consensual as well as kind and loving. But if this type of relationship is not your thing, you may want to skip this story and find something else to read.

*

Prologue

Dear Friends,

If you have read any of our other playdate stories or Girl Friday, then you already know about my amazing relationship with Charlotte and how we met. If you haven't read any of them, you should! Charlotte thinks they're pretty steamy and I tend to agree with her assessment.

This little story tells the tale of something I should have done years ago, but for some reason I just kept putting it off. Well, no longer!

Love and hugs,Mistress Natasha

*

Introduction

I found myself really enjoying the quality and softness of the duvet cover as Mistress had me bent over the inn's queen-sized bed, naked and squirming. And the thread count in this pillow case was amazing! It had to be Egyptian cotton, it felt so soft against my cheeks as I lay there screaming my lungs out.

Trying my best to be considerate of the other guests, I had my face buried in the pillow as Mistress was busy finger-banging the stuffing out of me from behind. She was completely relentless, and my poor pussy was really starting to get sore, but I was secretly hoping she wouldn't let up anytime soon. No, the orgasm welling up inside me was like a dam that was ready to burst, and I desperately needed to feel that release!

Just a minute ago, she had seized my wrists in her other hand and now had them mercilessly pressed up into the small of my back while she continued pounding away at me. I love it when she restrains me like that, it really turns my orgasms into screamers -- and she knew it too! Oh god, she was going to make me come so hard! Mistress was really pulling out all the stops tonight, and I'm actually a little surprised I was still conscious.

I should probably take a minute to explain how I came to be in this situation, but later OK, because ...

"Oh, Mistress! Oh-mi-god! Oh-mi-god! Coming! -- Coming!

Oh! -- My! -- God!

YES! YES! YES! YES! GAAHHHH!"

Part I -- Third Time's A Charm

This is not the first time Charlotte was saying, "yes." In fact, it was the fourth time tonight, but this was the first time she was screaming it into a pillow, and I have to admit I was pretty proud of myself for making that happen.

Right after the last time she said "yes" -- the third time tonight -- about thirty minutes ago, is when we jumped on each other. I may have instigated things a little, by dipping my finger into Charlotte's sweet, moist folds for a taste while we were still standing in the back garden just after that last "yes." But still, that third one was a very important "yes" and deserved a proper celebration, so I had been doing my best to send Charlotte over the moon ever since.

*

After trying very hard to make our way quietly up the stairs from the garden to our room, I could take the anticipation no longer. Closing and latching the door as noiselessly as possible, I reached out to push the straps of Charlotte's dress aside, and watched as it pooled around her ankles. As soon as her dress hit the floor, I bent my baby over the side of the bed and started going to work. She was already wet from my probing in the garden and I wasted no time getting my fingers back inside her.

I was thrusting in and out of her so hard now that I thought that one or both of us might sustain an injury at any minute, but Charlotte showed no signs of wanting me to slow down. In fact, the way she was moaning and bucking her hips, gave me every indication that she wanted it harder and faster. I gazed down upon my sweet Charlotte, face down with her legs splayed wide on the bed and my fingers filling her nicely. So yummy!

It was a tall bed and my baby is pretty petite, so once I saw that her feet were no longer able to touch the ground, I had grabbed her by the ankles and pushed her knees up onto the bed. The result was that Charlotte's heels were now pressed to the backs of her thighs, leaving her spread to the extreme and completely accessible to me. A very attractive look for her right now!

Charlotte may have already mentioned that I also had her wrists clasped firmly in my other hand as I pounded her sweet pussy. She says that the feeling of being completely at my mercy really amps up her orgasms, and I certainly did not mind obliging her in that respect. I have a bit of a kinky streak and seeing her restrained like that -- wow! -- so sexy. I took full advantage of her helplessness and teased Charlotte mercilessly with my fingers.

The poor girl had been on the edge for quite a while now -- what can I say? -- I like to tease! I really ought to be giving her some release soon though, and I knew just the thing. I already had my tongue pressed to her thigh and was slowly working my way up. If there was one thing I knew that Charlotte loved more than being restrained, it was when I gave some attention to her ass. And with tonight being a special night, I was going to do it in a way she would not soon forget.

In sharp contrast to the pounding punishment my fingers were dishing out on Charlotte's pussy, I let my tongue slide ever so gently between her cheeks. I went right for the center and began slowly swirling around and caressing. Just as I had hoped, Charlotte was starting to come apart. Anilingus is not something I have done often, and right now I was seriously beginning to question the wisdom of that omission. Charlotte obviously enjoyed it, for she was thrashing her head on the bed and babbling something completely unintelligible at the moment.

"Mmm, yes baby," I agreed with whatever it was she was trying to say as I continued enjoying her sweet ass with my mouth.

I began parting her with a stiff pressure from my tongue as I watched Charlotte bury her face in the pillow. And that's how we got to the fourth, if somewhat muffled, "yes" of the evening -- the one she was screaming into the pillow. Yeah, that one.

*

The first time Charlotte had said "yes" was about six weeks ago when I suggested we take a couple days off and head down the coast for some relaxation. We had both been incredibly busy as of late, and I thought it would be nice to get away.

"What do you say, baby?" I asked as I pulled up the bed and breakfast's web site on my phone. "It looks like a nice place to spend a couple of days, don't you think?"

That earned me a big hug as Charlotte laid her head on my shoulder and smiled up at me. I just love that smile!

"You've got semester break coming up," I continued, "so we can go during the week. That way you don't have to miss any of your weekend performances. We'll get some fresh seafood, do a few touristy things -- it'll be fun!"

"Mistress, it's beautiful!" she cooed.

"The web site says it's an old Victorian mansion that's been converted to a B&B. Look at the view from this room!"

"Is that the one we're staying in, Mistress?"

"You want to, baby?"

"Oh, yes, Mistress!"

*

That "yes" was six weeks ago. The first time Charlotte said "yes" tonight, was when I asked her if she wanted to go out for a salmon dinner. OK, I guess that should be a freebie, because Charlotte loves seafood, and if she had said no I would have been very surprised.

I got a recommendation for a good restaurant from the owner of the B&B when I booked the room. I wanted to have it planned out in advance, because I had rather specific requirements. Charlotte knew nothing of this, or my plan to elicit a couple more yeses from her over the course of this evening.

It was an interesting place, nothing fancy, more of a hipster chic, but it had nightly karaoke in the bar and that was important. If I could get Charlotte to say yes to karaoke, the rest of my plan was pretty much in the bag. I decided I would probably be more successful if I first plied her with a little wine.

"What would you recommend with the salmon?" I asked the waiter. He was sporting a pretty fabulous little waxed mustache and a number of tattoos down both arms. I was betting even money that he would suggest Pabst Blue Ribbon, but he surprised me. Just goes to show that you can't judge a book by its cover -- or a hipster by the irony of his mustache.

"We have a lovely Pinot Gris that complements the salmon quite nicely. It's local wine, made just a few miles from here and it's one of our more popular selections."

"Sound good, Charlotte?" I asked. She nodded enthusiastically and smiled.

"Glasses or bottle?" our server inquired.

"Oh, definitely the bottle," I said, "Thank you."

Charlotte let out a contented little sigh as the waiter made his way to the bar. "This was such a good idea, Mistress," she said, "and the inn is even cuter than it looked online. I'm really looking forward to trying out the feather bed." She gave me a sly wink.

"Charlotte, you are incorrigible," I teased.

"I think that's why you love me so much, Mistress." Charlotte's face was beaming.

"That and so many other things, baby." I replied and took her hand in mine.

Our moment of making goo-goo eyes across the table was cut short when the waiter returned with the bottle and two glasses. "Your salads should be up in another minute," he stated, "anything I can get you before then?" We both shook our heads and went back to holding hands and making goo-goo eyes at each other.

By the time we finished our dinners, we were halfway into our second bottle of Pinot Gris. I figured now was as good a time as any. "Charlotte, honey, there's karaoke in the bar tonight. What do you say?" I gave her my best pleading eyes that said, "if you do this, I'll make it worth your while."

"Sure, why not, Mistress." Charlotte's second "yes" of the evening. OK, technically not a "yes," but close enough.

Part II -- Your Sex Tastes Just Like Paradise

I can't believe I had just agreed to karaoke! I hate singing in front of people. But Mistress had given me those come hither eyes and I just couldn't refuse. She'd better be planning to give me some seriously good lovin' tonight if I was going to get up there and embarrass myself. And the set list she picked! Bruno Mars! Seriously! Somebody get me another drink. But I survived, and in the end I had to admit it was actually kind of a fun way to wrap up the evening.

Mistress must have tossed back a little more wine than I thought, because she was pretty tipsy as we trekked back to the B&B. Actually, tipsy may have been too kind of a word, she was obnoxious, singing Bruno Mars' greatest hits for most of the three block journey. She had gone mercifully silent for a little while, but now that we were standing in the back garden of the inn, she was starting up again. It was a delightful garden and it seemed such a shame to spoil it with Mistress's off-key renditions.

"It's a beautiful night, wouldn't you say Charlotte?"

Oh god, here we go! "Yes, Mistress, it's lovely." I knew what she was reaching for, but I refused to encourage her.

"I said, it's a beautiful night, Charlotte. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge."

Oh what the hell, I might as well get it over with, "We're looking for something ..."

Oh, my god!

Before I could finish the verse, Mistress was down on one knee in front of me. She looked as if she had sobered up very quickly, either that of she had been playing me the whole time we walked back here. I think it was very much the latter as I looked into her loving eyes and let her take my hand in hers.

My breath was hitching in my throat and I could feel a hot tear making its way down my cheek. I had a pretty good idea of what was going on here, but I never suspected that she was up to anything until now. Somehow Mistress had managed to keep it all under wraps.

"Hey baby ..." she started singing, as she held out the ring for me to see. She never got to finish the verse before I threw my arms around her and buried my head in her shoulder.

"Yes! Yes, of course I will, Mistress! Yes!"

The tears were flowing freely now from both of us, tears of joy! Mistress hugged me tightly and I could feel that she was shaking as much as I was. We just held onto each other for several minutes until we both had a chance to calm down.

"So, that's a yes?" Mistress teased as she slid the ring onto my finger.

"Yes, Mistress," I responded, my voice cracking a bit, before pulling her in to plant a great big kiss on her lips.

Soon after, she was back to her off-key renditions. "Cause your sex tastes just like paradise! Yeah your sex tastes just like paradise."

I rolled my eyes. "Those aren't even the right words, Mistress!"

"I beg to differ," she teased as she slid her hand under my dress and pressed into me.

"Mmm," was all I could manage as I watched her bring her glistening finger to her lips.

"Just like paradise!" she said with a grin as she cleaned it off.

I took her by the hand. "Let's go up to the room before you get us thrown out of the inn for lewd behavior, Mistress," I said as I began tugging her toward the entrance.

Epilogue

Dear Friends,

The next morning at breakfast, all of the other guests at the inn were congratulating us on our engagement. I was beginning to think that everyone in the world was in on the secret, everyone except me that is. Even the owner of the B&B offered us her best wishes and gave us both a big hug. She also presented us with a discount coupon for the honeymoon suite and said she sincerely hoped to be seeing us again.

I wondered if she'd still be saying that if she knew everything that happened in our room last night! I kept my thoughts to myself and thanked her politely.

I cannot even begin to describe how much joy Mistress has brought me in the years that I've known her, and I don't know if I could ever be any happier than I am right now, but I'm really looking forward to spending the rest of our lives finding out.

-Charlotte

*

Afterword

If you are not a big fan of pop radio, you may have missed out on the song references in this story. If that is the case, I suggest using the vast resources of the internet to listen to, and find the lyrics for, Marry You and Locked Out Of Heaven by Bruno Mars. Mistress's proposal in the garden will make a lot more sense if you do.