 I followed the mistress into the low stone room, behind me followed the slavegirl.. Dressed in an extremely tight & small French maid outfit, made out of some artificial fabric that looked & felt like a cross between silk & plastic. About her hung the pleasing odour of sexual need & her slippery inner thighs squelched as she trotted after us. Her ankles were chained together a single link separated them. Hanging from that link a medium sized slave bell chimed as she walked. She was carrying our drinks tray. 

I was invited to sit. I chose one of the leather couches.

The mistress did not sit as the slave girl served us our drinks. Following her lead I did not thank the slave girl as she served us. The girl moved to one side obsequiously, kneeling waiting.

In the windowless dungeon there was a low, leather curtained box. From inside I started to make out, heavily muffled whimpers & moans. The sounds were very faint & light. Nonetheless when the mistress instructed them to silence in a very low voice, the noise ceased immediately. She turned to me & smiled, quite sweetly. I returned her smile, she was very attractive.

"Shall we begin?"

"Yes of course." I indicated my assent, I was quite eager to see the merchandise.

The mistress opened the curtain revealing a tiny cramped cage, inside the cage at least 20 girls were crammed in what seemed to be some discomfort. But that wasn't the first impression one had of the cage, the first thing that hit you was a strong wave of fetid overbearing heat from within. Then the stench of female sexual excitement & fear. It was absolutely overwhelming even sitting a few feet away. What it must be like inside the cage with the curtain closed didnt bear thinking about. How glad I was to be a prospective customer & not to be one of those girls.

The mistress began opening the cage door. There was a visible tremor & murmur of fear from within the cage. There was an extremely loud & sudden sharp crack as the mistress snapped her riding crop onto her black boots. At that moment the world revolved round her as she had just reminded everybody. All the girls inside the cage flinched. As did I & the french maid. She & I had both exclaimed in fright, nearly at the same time. I covered up my embarrassment with a cough. The maid was not so fortunate.

"Lily, go down to the slave room and ask the mistress there to send another serving girl & then wait for me in the punishment stocks." 

The mistresses voice was level & cool. 

"Yes Mistress." lily's voice was frightened & tearful.

In fact when I looked she was in tears, anxiously pretty.

I was becoming very impressed, very, very impressed.

"Are you enjoying your drink Karen?"

"Oh yes very much thank you Mistress Helena."

Even though I was a prospective customer member I still had to call her & the other member Mistress or Master, until I became a member, which I was already very keen on now.

She opened the cage door & instructed two girls to crawl out. They were both petite & slim but with well rounded buttocks & breasts, wonderfully rounded & firm, unblemished bodies. They were both blonde with cute bobs, the sort that screamed, office bimbo, will fuck anyone powerful for his or her favour. 

If I had been more astute I might have recognised myself.

Both girls were dildo gagged & dildoed front & rear. I was quite surprised at how large the devices were, they must be very uncomfortable. They were held in place by large wide leather straps, circling the loins & obviously the mouth. Each girl had her nipples belled with a grape sized golden bell, held in place by a piercing and mount that kept the nipple firm, erect & quite achingly aroused. A tell tale noise indicated a similar bell attached to the clitoris. 

The girl were instructed to simulate each other for our appraisal. While I was given a little background history. Many of the girls had initially been volunteers. & some of the girls had also been male submissives, both gay & straight. Once they had volunteered & it was too late to retract they simply had their sex & bodies changed. There are no male submissives permitted here. In any case what the male submissive truly desires is to be feminine & submissive. If they didn't that is too bad. His or now her personality was also wiped, giving her a default & quite vague female history template. To her horror as she or rather he realises what is to be done to her. This can also be done to troublesome females as a punishment. The rest of the women had been captured, or tricked into coming here by various means, or bought. I wasn't told that some of the slavegirls had initially been prospective mistresses. 

Since the advent of 4th life this type of fetish based sexual entertainment has dwarfed any other online activity, especially amongst those who now only exist online, due to their own bereavement. Succumbing to the allure of now perfect bodies, in perfect fantasies, to give new meaning to a now almost meaningless life. 

Unfortunately your online status is by no means guaranteed due to the transient nature of international servers & service providers. Many have perished forever in crash storms. This is a purely business affair, money rules and those with none or little can be literally bought & sold, technically illegally with impunity. Slaves were totally unwilling to try & escape or inform, as the first thing someone under investigation did was arrange to have the evidence wiped, virtually impossible to stop & with obvious consequences. Once a slave you remained a slave unless your owner decided to release you, which was extremely unlikely. & that was if they hadn't already their personalities reinstalled. 

The two nude slaves continued to arouse each while we chatted. Whimpering & moaning with excitement for our pleasure. Then as they were nearing climax Mistress Helena stopped them. She had told me the mistresses here rarely if ever permit the serving girls to come for them, Only if the men were raping them they might hope to be permitted orgasm for his pleasure. Mistress Helena's own private harem were never permitted orgasm. After all they were for her pleasure & it pleased her to cum while the pretty slavegirl serving her squirmed in need.

The girls are kept in a permanent state of toilet distress too. Needing desperately to pee, as if they hadn't been able to for days. Digital personalities had dispensed with toilets & eating unless for pleasure. But these slave girls were kept under a strict toilet discipline, it made them exceedingly pliable, desperate for the relief that is constantly physically craved but never permitted. 

They were instructed to re dildo each other & they were chained up again. Wrists locked behind their backs ankles together. They were not as yet pecker gagged. The two slaves knelt before us & Mistress Helena permitted them to beg to please us. She then asked each in turn why they wanted to please us.

"Mistress so this one can leave the cage & serve her owners."

"Mistress so this girl may be pleasing to her owners."

Both girls were re gagged with the dildos. I was still amazed at the size. Both girls knelt before us miserably. There was no need to hood them as inside the cage it was pitch black. Mistress Helena went behind them & to my surprise began whipping the backs of their legs deliberately & savagely. The violent vivid crack of the whip on flesh, astonishingly loud & frightening sensuous, quite fearsome. Both girls were desperately looking at up me plaintively as they squealed loudly into their gags, delirious with fear & pain. 

I almost felt sorry for them, as I finished my drink, enjoying the spectacle. Both girls received at least twenty lashes

The other maid had turned up silently & waited effacingly & completely unnoticed by me. Until she refreshed my drink. 

When Mistress Helena had finished with the whip the two girls were beaten as they hurriedly crawled back inside the cage. The gate was locked & the curtain closed.

Mistress Helena sat down and took a deep gulp of her chilled wine. She looked at me smiling, she seemed flushed with pleasure.

"Did you enjoy that?"

I hadn't realised how dry my throat had become as I spluttered out throatily "Oh Yes."

She laughed a little cruelly & condescendingly I thought for an instant.

The girls would be kept in the cage before they were either sold, to private members or the clubs various locations. Typically the mistresses kept a small harem, as well as enjoying the clubs rooms whilst the men were generally content to enjoy the clubs. The second girl was almost ready to start being displayed for sale. The first not yet. The time in the cages varied from a month to several. If a slave was resold she was generally partially reinstalled, which seemed if anything more dreadful than a full rebuild. Before she went back in the cage. 

Inside the curtain we could hear the sounds of distress as all the girls struggled for an impossible small degree of comfort. We enjoyed the muffled squirming for a few moments before Mistress Helena instructed silence. There was instant obedience. 

There was really no need for all this security as any girl who dared to escape would be promptly returned to the owner of her code. Once ownership was established it was virtually irreversible, despite pretty much any irregularities in its acquisition. No need except the pleasure of keeping beautiful slaves in strict bondage. 

We finished our drinks & left the dungeon in total darkness, locking the heavy metal door behind us. There was really no need for this security as any girl who dared to escape would be promptly returned to the owner of her code. Once ownership was established it was virtually irreversible, despite pretty much any irregularities in its acquisition. 

The maid ellie was instructed to take me to my guest quarters & entertain me. While Mistress Helena punished lily. I almost felt a pang of sympathy for lily. 

I was beginning to really enjoy myself here, I could wait to complete my application for membership. 

My apartment was attractively furnished with large leather couches & polished wooden floors. On the patio there was a large hot tub. Ellie undressed me & bathed me all the while smiling happily, submissive & eager to please. She brushed my hair and gave me a fantastic massage. We chatted as she served me. I asked her about serving here if she was happy & her honest reply was yes she loved it. When I asked her about lily her matter of fact reply was simply 'Mistress or Master is always right'. 

She began to dress me in fresh clothes. I stopped her and indicated for her to remove my panties again. She did so smiling eagerly & knelt between my legs her tongue was so skilful, I can honestly say her intimate service was superb.

Mistress Helena & lily arrived before she had finished. She made herself at home while I shivered and moaned in sheer delight. When she had finished she brought soft scented towels to clean me, while lily fetched me a chilled wine. Mistress Helena had already been served wine. 

The backs & insides of lily's upper legs were red & puffy, obviously very tender & painful. This didn't affect her service though at all times she was graceful & pleasing, pretty in her service. Whilst ellie finished dressing me Mistress Helena & I chatted about my stay. 

Ellie & lily were to be my personal slaves for the week, Mistress Helena would be my guide & companion, but also be responsible for interviewing me & assessing my candidacy. I would not be meeting any of the other members formally until my membership was finalised. The club was very exclusive.

That evening lily pleasured me before I went to sleep, both girls knelt on the floor besides the bed while I slept, in the luxurious silk sheets. In the morning I was woken by ellie then dressed by lily & then served a delicious breakfast by both of them. Mistress Helena arrived shortly afterwards & we retired to the patio to drink chilled wine in the sun. While I discovered how the polished floor & leather furniture was kept so spotless & gleaming. The hard way by the slaves scrubbing furiously on their hands & knees, humming contentedly as they worked. 

We relaxed in the sun, occasionally interrupting the slaves for more drinks, they were always smiling & extremely eager to please us. Mistress Helena & I chatted happily for quite some time. In great detail too, I must confess I was only spared becoming a little bored by all the detail & history, by Mistress Helena vivacity of personality. She was so easy & confident in her dominance. I was becoming very attracted to her. Hanging on her every word. She noticed it too & treated me like a big sister to the novice I obviously was. Just a little bit bossy, leading me in conversation. I must confess finding this quite charming, but also little haughty in a very sexy way. I must confess another little secret I was quite hooked. Quite delightfully she knew it too & didn't hide it. 

We took advantage of the slaves sexual eagerness in the sun. I had noticed yesterday that the slavegirls after they had pleased you would kneel almost in tears & ask tremulously if she had pleased you. Following Mistress Helena's example this request was coolly ignored. If she was lucky she was permitted to kiss your feet. If she hadn't been satisfactory she would be beaten. We dismissed the two slaves back to their chores. Both girls bright red lipstick wet & glossy with our pleasure & in piquant tears of humiliation & sexual frustration, hurrying back to their menial chores.

How wonderful this place was. I told Mistress Helena I would do anything it took to stay here. She smiled back sweetly.

I was taken on a tour of the various rooms bars & facilities. There were several Mistresses & Masters relaxing about the place. I was informed that this was a very quiet time of the day, & it was much busier in the evening. Unfortunately non members were not allowed to frequent the clubs rooms in the evenings & even during the day I was limited to a discrete drink at the bar.

A few masters & mistresses came & chatted to Mistress Helena, while she sat with me They nodded at me but generally ignored me as they talked. The women were visibly cooler towards me than the men All were very refined & confident like her, aristocratic. I didn't mind after all I was quite cool & offhand too with my servants & people I didn't know. & in any case soon I would be joining their ranks. The men tended to dress in expensive tailored casual suits, unique & exclusively expensive casual wear. The women favoured classy leather skirts, impossibly expensive blouses, jodhpurs riding boots. Sexy but classy, totally in control. I was starting to feel outclassed in my business sexy attire. Close fitting black slacks & tailored black shirt, like a cheap office girl looking to attract the bosses eye. Which was exactly what I had been before I married & inherited his money & business. 

Sensing my discomfort Mistress Helena had confided in me that she liked my outfit. Obviously flattering me as she told me how professional & attractive I looked. Her eyes told me she was lying, but still her strong gaze holding my eyes in hers made my thighs grow warm I wondered how long it would be before we returned to my apartment & the girls. 

There were other thing that made me ill at ease, all the slaves we saw, all were blonde with cute bobs, similar to mine & all the Mistresses were dark or not quite that blonde with whatever hairstyle they pleased to have. Also my preferred age was youthful, roughly cheerleader to early twenties. The mistresses & masters seemed to prefer late twenties to early thirties, mature & perfectly beautiful.I resolved that when I became a member I would have to up my game considerably, from sassy to classy. If I had been truly sassy & smart I would have tried to run a mile. 

The serving girls were nearly all wearing french maid outfits too with no panties. Although a few were also naked or in lingerie. But all the girls serving drinks & food, or cleaning wore the tight maids uniforms. The other girls seemed busy hurrying to and from places & some were evidently sexually soiled.

We went to a few more rooms with various themes. & then finally we returned to my chambers. I wasn't sure but I could have sworn Mistress Helena, had snapped her fingers at me when it was finally time to leave. I had been quite flustered as in the last bar Mistress Helena had been chatting eagerly to numerous friends of hers all of whom had ignored me completely. So when Mistress Helena had gotten up to leave I wasn't sure if she had snapped her fingers quietly or just said come along. Not withstanding I had trotted eagerly & gratefully behind her as she left. & was sure I heard laughter behind me, but was too embarrassed to look around. Angry but feeble with impotent rage I resolved to make a point of showing those bitches.

Back at my apartment Mistress Helena left me while she freshened up. I had lily pleasure me. But as she looked up at me in tears afterwards I was reminded that she & I both had both gasped in fright at Mistress Helena's sudden whip lash & that she had probably seen me gasp too. When Mistress Helena returned I informed her I was displeased with lily & wanted her disciplined. The poor girl was immediately punished with the whip. But even from the first lash & squeal I regretted it. It was all I could do to hold back my tears by the last 20th lash. Mistress Helena had offered me the whip to continue but I had adamantly declined.

"Satisfied?" She asked me while lily sobbed still clutching her ankles fearfully. Her voice was icy, imperious.

"Yes thank you, Mistress Helena." My voice was shaky

She smiled sweetly & instructed lily to serve wine.

Shortly afterwards she had made her excuses, having to attend a members function. I was relieved but also felt bereft at her departure. I had almost apologised to lily but thought better of it, both girls were still delightfully pleasing & genuinely eager for my every need to be satisfied, That night I had allowed the girls to share my silk sheets. For a while I felt a simple innocent but open sexuality I hadn't felt since my teenage years sitting idly hanging around with my best friends, talking about the boys we fancied. I enjoyed basking in their artless & loving devotion, so much I felt guilty with the enjoyment. In the morning however I was cool again, angry at myself. This wasn't helped by Mistress Helena's late arrival.

& not at all helped by her bombshell. The members had been discussing me & were not impressed my membership was almost certain to be rejected. I was visibly disconsolate until Mistress Helena told me all was not lost. A member could take me under her wing & sponsor my membership, that was almost certain not to be rejected. Now I was even more utterly dependant on her. She & I both knew it & I could see this power turned her on, what I didn't admit was that this turned me on too. 

Once again she left me alone to my own devices, having meetings & business to attend to of her own. I amused myself watching ellie & lily work, while I lounged in the pool outside. Fantasising about my triumphant revenge on the snobby members. I chatted with the girls about their history. Both had been illegally brought here, one captured the other bought at an illegal slave auction. Neither could remember much about their hazy previous lives now. Nor how long they had been slaves. They did however describe with enthusiasm & in great detail their service & how much they loved serving & their bondage even being subject to punishment, if not the punishment itself. They were quite vacuous glad to be 'too beautiful to be free' as they gushed. What bimbos they were but how they turned me on too. I was so glad I could come, feeling quite sorry for them in their stifled need, glad not to be one of them. 
