 The house across the street had only been for sale for a couple of weeks before it sold. I was cleaning the breakfast dishes, when I heard all the commotion from across the street. I quickly finished the dishes and walked to the big front window to watch my new neighbor move in. I had no idea who had bought the house, so needless to say I was excited to see what my new neighbor looked like.

When I looked out the window, there were two large moving trucks in the driveway. There was a red car parked along the curb in the street. Besides the moving men, there was a woman standing in the driveway. All I could make out about her was that she was tall and had long, blond hair. Her hair stopped at her mid back. I could definitely tell she was the new owner. She was directing the moving men around.

I ran into the kitchen to grab a chair to place in front of the window. I now knew my new neighbor was a woman. Now I had to find out if she was married. I was hoping she was single. To be perfectly blunt, I was praying that not only was she single, but that she was a lesbian. I've been a lesbian for about five years. I broke up with my girlfriend of three years six months ago. The separation literally broke my heart. Now I'm ready to go out and meet someone new. How perfect this would be!

I sat in front of the window the whole afternoon. The moving men left around noon, and for the next three hours, I watched my neighbor get settled down and finally decided that I needed to get my butt over there to introduce myself and meet her. I got dressed, nothing fancy, and went across the street. I rang the doorbell. I waited a minute and then rang the bell again. I had just about given up hope when she finally answered.

"Hi," I said followed by a warm smile. "I'm Kelly and I live right across the street. I just wanted to stop by to introduce myself and to let you know if you need anything to please stop by."

Even wearing baggy, old work clothes, this woman was beautiful. She extended her hand and we shook hands while she introduced herself.

"My name is Stacy and I appreciate you taking the time to stop by. Now I finally know one of my neighbors."

"Well I know you must have a million things to do and I don't want to keep you, but I just had to drop by."

"I really appreciate it Kelly."

"Okay, don't work too hard."

Stacy laughed and waved to me as I headed back to my house. When I got to my house and closed the front door, I leaned against it.

"Damn she's hot," I said aloud.

As I did a few things around the house and fixed dinner, I kept a close eye on Stacy's house. For the next few days, life was pretty dull. Stacy would leave for an hour or two and then come back. I hadn't talked to her since that first day. Finally on the fifth day, Stacy knocked on my front door. It wasn't exactly great timing. I had been watching one of my porn videos and fucking myself on the couch with my trusty vibrator. I got off the couch and hurried to the bedroom to get a robe. There was another set of knocks on the door.

"I'm coming," I yelled as I hurried down the hall to the door. I had no idea it was Stacy who was on my porch. I threw open the door thinking it was another annoying salesperson and ticked off at their "wonderful" timing.

"Oh I'm sorry did I come at a bad time," Stacy asked.

"No, no, it's okay," I quickly said. "I thought you were a salesperson."

"My phone's not working, so I was wondering if I could use yours to call the phone company."

"Sure, no problem. Come right on in."

As Stacy brushed against me as she stepped inside, my heart jumped. She followed me into the kitchen. I asked her if she wanted some tea to drink.

"Tea sounds good, thank you."

I made the tea while Stacy called the phone company. When Stacy hung up from talking to the phone company, she sat down at the kitchen table to drink her tea. As we talked and drank our tea, I became aware that Stacy was in no hurry to go home.

"So have you met any of the other neighbors?"

"I've been really busy, but Bob and Sue stopped by."

"They're a nice couple."

You have no idea how hard it was for me to say that. I don't get along with Bob and Sue. They are quite old fashioned and they also know that I'm a lesbian. They go out of their way to ignore me.

"Would you like to stay for dinner Stacy?"

"That would be great as long as I'm not putting you out or anything."

"Are you kidding? I would love to have you stay. It's been awhile since I've had someone stay for dinner."

"I really appreciate it. I've had fast food for the last few days, I don't think I could manage one more day."

"I know what you mean."

"Where's your bathroom?"

"Down the hall on the left. Since you're staying for awhile I should lock the front door. I don't like knowing someone can just walk in."

"Oh I'll get it. I'm getting up anyway to use the bathroom."

Stacy left to check the door and use the bathroom.

"What a nice woman she is," I thought to myself. That's when I remembered my vibrator was still out on the couch. I ran into the living room. Sure enough when I arrived, there was Stacy staring at my vibrator. The box for the porn video I had been watching was on the floor beside the couch.

"Stacy," I said calmly. I didn't want her freaking out. You could clearly tell the video featured all lesbians.

"I'm so sorry Kelly. I clearly interrupted something, so I'll just go on home."

With that, Stacy started opening the door. 

"No, Stacy really just let me put these away and get dressed. Please stay for dinner. It would really mean a lot to me."

Stacy decided she would stay. I was so thankful. I didn't want her beautiful body leaving my house. We talked and ate the dinner I had prepared. As we talked while eating dessert, Stacy asked me a question that momentarily shocked me.

"Where's the nearest sex store?"

I just stared at her for a few seconds.

"It's just I saw your vibrator and I remembered I needed a new one, and I don't know where a store is."

"No it's fine. It's just how you asked so suddenly is all. The nearest sex store is on 85th and Marvin Rd."

Stacy looked deep and hard into my eyes. I stared back into her beautiful blue eyes with equal intensity.

"How much was that video?"

I had no idea how to respond. Then it hit me.

"Are you a lesbian Stacy?"

"Yes. I broke up with my girlfriend two and half months ago. Nasty breakup. I decided to move to a new city for a fresh start."

"Well I'm really glad you moved here," I said with all honesty.

"I had been hoping you were at least bi since the day I met you. Then when I was talking to Bob and Sue, they told me to stay away from you because you are a lesbian."

I couldn't help but to laugh out loud. Bob and Sue's plan to turn all the neighbors against me had just back fired. 

"I came up with the phone not working as an excuse to come over here and see you."

"I could tell you were in no hurry to leave."

Now it was Stacy's turn to laugh.

"Well except when you figured out what I had been up to when you stopped by."

Stacy reached across the table for my hand. I let her hand take mine. She had the softest hands. 

"I had to act surprised and embarrassed because I wasn't sure about you, but I was definitely excited by the thought of you fucking that monster of a vibrator while watching a dirty video."

I stood up from the table and Stacy did the same. I pulled her to me. I ran my other hand through her long hair.

"Kiss me," I whispered.

Stacy leaned into me and our lips met. Oh what a wonderful moment that was! I slipped my tongue in between her soft lips. Our tongues met a moment later. It was like our tongues were slowly dancing together. We broke apart and looked at one another.


"That was amazing," Stacy said.

"That was the best kiss I have ever had."

Stacy grabbed me and pulled me into her, our bodies colliding. Our breasts smashing together. This time, instead of a slow, loving kiss, the kiss was passionate, full of hunger for one another. As Stacy and I kissed, I directed us to the living room and the couch. I stopped kissing Stacy long enough to tell her to take off her clothes and lie down on the couch. I climbed on top of Stacy and kissed her on her forehead and a quick one on her lips. I began kissing and then softly sucking her neck. After about a minute, I stopped and took my clothes off. I laid on top of Stacy, so our breasts and pussies were together. We both came together. We stopped kissing and took a few minutes to caress each other's sweaty body and catch our breath. Stacy had a huge grin spread across her face.

"What are you thinking of doing?"

"This," she answered with a devilish laugh. 

She wrapped her arms around my back and rolled to the left, off the couch and onto the floor. Her stunning body landed on top of mine. Her hands began caressing my breasts. As her soft lips wrapped tightly around one of my nipples, I ran my fingers through her hair. Soon she began sucking on my nipples while rolling my other nipple between her fingers. I started whispering to her as my excitement grew. 

"Oh baby, I'm so glad you stayed here. You are the most beautiful woman I've been with."

Upon hearing me speak those sweet compliments, Stacy's mouth and tongue started descending down my body. When I was expecting her soft tongue to reach my waiting pussy, she skipped it all together and moved to my feet. She began sucking on each of my toes.

"Mmm you are so cruel baby," I said in reference to her passing right by my pussy. After she had paid just the right amount of attention to each of my toes, Stacy finally moved up my body and stopped at my waiting pussy. I opened my eyes and looked down at Stacy when I felt her hot breath on my swollen, pussy lips. She had that devilish grin on her face again. She took my clit into her mouth. Her tongue ran across my clit as she sucked on it as well. My orgasm was quickly approaching. I was just about to yell for Stacy to finger fuck me, when I felt two fingers slip inside.

"Oh yes baby! Mmm that feel so good!"

My body started softly shaking, warning I was seconds away from cumin. I felt Stacy's fingers pull out only to be replaced with her tongue.

"Oh that's it baby! Like that!"

Just as she started fingering my clit as she tongue fucked me, my orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks. My body shook hard as I cried out. I could feel my cum pouring out of me as I passed out. When I awoke, Stacy was lying next to me, her hand cupping each breasts. 

"How long was I out?"

"About twenty minutes."

"That was the best orgasm of my life. You have quite a talented tongue."

"Thanks. I didn't know I was that good, my ex-girlfriend never passed out."

I turned so I was lying on my side face to face with Stacy. I reached my arm out, so I could run my hand up and down her arm.

"I've never passed out from an orgasm before. Your ex was a fool to let you go."

"Well I'm glad she did let me go, so I could be caught by you."

We embraced and started kissing. I knew it was my turn to please her, but I wanted to fuck her with my strap on. I started getting up, so I could go get it when Stacy asked me where I was going.

"The bedroom to get something."

Stacy pulled me back down and smiled.

"This?"

She brought the strap on out from behind her back. I reached out and took it. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I figured you had one and yours wasn't hard to find."

"No it sure isn't," I said amazed we both thought of it.

"I don't mind you going into my bedroom. In fact, I have a feeling you'll be spending a lot of time in my bedroom."

I rolled on top of Stacy.

"But for now, I'm going to fuck you here on the floor."

I started by licking and biting Stacy on her neck. Then I used my hands to push her breasts together, so I could lick along her cleavage.

"Oh fuck me now Kelly, please baby."

I only needed a few second to put on the strap on. I was an expert with that thing. I got situated, so I could fondle her breasts while I was fucking her. I began rubbing and squeezing her breasts. Low moans were escaping her. I finally let the tip enter her.

"Oh god baby!"

I started rolling her nipples between my fingers. I slowly pushed all nine inches into her. 

"Mmm, fuck baby, fuck me."

Instead of pulling most of the way out and then back in, I pulled all the way out. I took one of her nipples into my mouth. I licked it for a few seconds and then stopped and went back to caressing Stacy's breasts. Once again, I let all nine inches into her, and then fully pulled out. I took her other nipple into my mouth. Poor Stacy was so horny that she was growing frustrated. I removed my mouth from her nipple and got ready to fuck her. Stacy looked hard into my eyes wondering if this time I was going to fuck her, or pull out. My hands, once again began roaming her breasts. I knew she was enjoying this, but wanted to be fucked.

"Payback for the toe sucking."

A second later, all nine inches were buried deep inside of Stacy's pussy. I fucked Stacy good and hard. My hands were grabbing and squeezing her breasts harder with every one of her moans of pleasure. In no time at all, Stacy came and a few minutes later came again. I licked her cum from her dripping pussy. I asked her to spend the night. She quickly agreed. We had some more fun in my bedroom and fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next morning, I walked with Stacy to the end of my driveway. Bob and Sue were walking their dog and they were at my next door neighbor's driveway. They were staring at us. Stacy and I had a feeling they knew what was up, but just in case, we embraced and kissed deeply and lovingly. Just like our first kiss the night before. Stacy started crossing the street, and when I turned to head up the driveway, I said good morning to Bob and Sue. They were completely speechless!