 "Who could be knocking on my door at 11 on a Thursday morning?" you wonder as, grumbling, you check to make sure your robe is closed and walk to the door.

"Hi, I'm Kim. I just moved in next door and wanted to introduce myself," she said, smiling and holding out a hand. She's tiny, maybe 5'1" and 110 pounds, with shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes, and, under a thin blue t-shirt, breasts that seem way too large for the rest of her, especially without a bra.

Well. A welcome distraction from work, especially carrying a bottle of...vodka?

You introduce yourself. "Come on in."

"Thanks," she says as she hands you the bottle. "I know this is kind of weird, and I'm not an alcoholic or anything, but my mom taught me never to visit anyone empty handed, and this was all I had around."

"You're already my favorite neighbor," you laugh. "Want a screwdriver?"

"Sure!"

"Have a seat. Where are you from?"

As you busy yourself making drinks, Kim explains that she grew up in Macon but just graduated from UGA and is starting a new job in the area. You offer to show her around as you join her on the couch and hand her a glass.

Chatting, you find her smart and funny, and a football fan, of course, as the first, and second, screwdrivers disappear. You're feeling great, and, oddly, a little nervous...wait, she just asked you something!

"I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. What was the question?"

"Ha. No problem. You seem a little distracted. Do you want me to go?"

"No!" Maybe a wee bit too forcefully.

"Oh good." Kim smiles, and without warning she leans in and kisses you, her tongue darting into your mouth.

She pulls back a moment and looks at you. "Are you OK with this?"

"Hell yes!"

She smiles again and leans back in, kissing you again, vigorously. Her hands move to the belt on your robe, pulling it open to find you naked underneath. You sigh into her mouth as her hands find your breasts, nipples already hard as she caresses them with her fingertips. 

"Very nice," she murmurs, as her lips move to your neck, kissing and sucking, then to your collarbone, quickly taking one stiff nipple into her mouth as her hand continues to toy with the other.

Your breasts are loving the attention, but Kim is clearly a woman on a mission as she pushes your upper body back on the couch and kisses her way down your stomach. Your legs part, and she drops to the floor on her knees between them. 

"Ooh, waxed, just like me. So sexy."

Her lips touch your mons, your labia, as her hands push your thighs apart to maximize her space. She runs her tongue in a long lick from the bottom of your slit to the top before peeling your labia open with her fingers.

"Mmm, you're so wet already."

She licks at the wetness, causing you to groan. After a few exploratory, teasing, licks, her tongue finds your swollen clit, lapping at it hungrily.

Two fingers slide deep inside you, thrusting, massaging, as her lips close around your clit and she begins to suck in time with her licking tongue.

You are moaning and shaking and swearing. You are going to cum so soon, and so hard.

Sensing your approaching climax, Kim sucks harder on your clit. She takes another finger, soaked with your juices, and drives it into your ass.

The sucking and licking of her hot mouth, fingers fucking your pussy and ass, push you over the edge into a long, clenching, shaking, tingling, screaming orgasm!

She rides you down, slowly removing her mouth and fingers from your limp body.

She looks up at you smiling, wiping her chin.

"I hope you liked that, neighbor. Now it's my turn!"

"Absolutely," you say as you struggle to sit up. "Why don't you strip for me while I catch my breath?"

Kim smiles and grabs the bottom of her T-shirt, flipping it up to just below her breasts before coyly pulling it back down. Her hard nipples are poking through the material.

She slowly lifts the shirt higher, until finally her full breasts come into view, and then tosses it over her head. You stare at her mouth-watering breasts: pale globes capped with pink nipples that seem small centered on her large breasts.

She cups them in her hands, rubbing her thumbs over the nipples, closing her eyes before she trails her hands down her stomach and opens the button on her jeans.

One hand slides into the opening, pushing the zipper lower. It stays there for a moment before helping its mate shimmy the tight jeans down, stopping when they reach the middle of her thighs, exposing a pair of tiny red silk panties.

Even as hard as you came just minutes ago, you are still extremely turned on, and getting more so by her show. You're torn - you can't wait to get your hands and mouth on her, but you don't want her to stop what she is doing.

A hand toys with the waistband of her panties, idly rubbing from hip to hip, until she slips her fingers under the waistband and rests them for a brief moment against her sex.

She smiles at you, seeing that you are enraptured.

Her hand begins to move within her panties, slowly at first, fingers lightly tracing up and down her lips, before they seem to center. You watch through the thin, damp, silk that outlines the backs of her fingers as they start slowly circling.

Kim's eyes are closed now, and she moans as the movement under her panties speeds up.

The hand stops, just to push the soaked strip of cloth down to meet her jeans.

She stands a few feet in front of you. Blonde hair falling on bare shoulders. Hard pink nipples topping large, firm breasts. Flat stomach, with just a hint of padding. Jeans and underwear pooled around shapely thighs.

And, between those thighs, a smooth, bare mons over bright pink lips, swollen and shining with her arousal.

Her hand returns, and you watch as her fingers roam up and down those lips, eventually pausing at the top to rub her clit briefly before moving lower again.

She repeats this pattern a few times, each time staying longer at the top of the arc before departing southward.

On the next trip, you see two fingers part her labia, and you hear her sigh as they slip easily inside her and stroke in and out. 

She removes the fingers, glistening with her wetness, and moves them back to her clit. Rubbing faster and harder now. 

Before too long, she is going to cum. And you want it to be in your mouth.

"Get over here," you command in a desperate voice.

Kim shuffles over to the couch and you pull her down and tear the jeans and panties down her legs as she laughs.

Your plan had been to take her upstairs to the bedroom, but there is no time. You are going to go crazy if you don't have her right fucking now. You push her legs apart and crawl between them.

She asks, "have you ever done this before?"

"No," you answer honestly.

"Ooh, sexy! Don't worry, I'll teach you."

Any thought of easing into this experience slowly is gone from your mind as lust takes over. You put your hands on her thighs and lower your open mouth, covering her entire vulva, sucking at her. You run your tongue up her length, splitting her labia as it goes. You feel the tiny, hard, bump of her clitoris against your tongue as it passes and hear her gasp. You taste her juices, salty and tangy; like your own, but different.

One more big long lick, and her hands are stroking your hair, and you are craving her orgasm, and set to making it happen.

You find her clit again with your tongue; it is swollen and stiff, and you swear you can feel it throbbing as you lick it firmly but gently.

"Oh, that's it, Yes, lick my clit, lick me, put your fingers inside me!"

You eagerly comply, pushing the first two fingers of your right hand into her. She is so wet and hot inside, it feels like your fingers are being sucked into her.

You thrust your fingers back and forth, trying to match the pace of your licking.

Her hands are gripping your hair now.

"Fuck me, fuck me harder!"

You speed up your hand and tongue, closing your lips around her clit now and sucking at the same time.

Her hips are bucking up and down now as her hands hold you in place.

"Yes! Oh God, I'm so close! Suck my clit!"

Your tongue is thrashing her clit now, lips sucking hard, as you drive your fingers into her soaked pussy. You feel her hands leave your head and out of the corner of your eye, you can see her squeezing her own breasts, pinching her nipples.

"Put a finger up my ass! Please!"

You hurry to obey, pushing the index finger of your left hand past her sphincter and deep into her anus.

"Ah, ah, yes, keep going, please!"

You're sweating now, too, as you give her all you can, licking and sucking fiercely on her rigid clit, driving your fingers hard into her twin entrances.

"Oh yeah, oh fuck, oh God, ah, I'm cumming!"

Kim's thighs are quivering around your head as she moans and shrieks through what must be a MASSIVE climax. You can actually feel the muscles of her pussy and ass clenching and releasing around your thrusting fingers. You keep going, sucking, licking, fingering, until she goes quiet, her moans replaced with gasping pants.

You fall back on your ass on the floor, your face covered in her juices and your own saliva and sweat. You're panting, too.