 Stacy and her husband Eric had been living in the Houston suburb for a few years when that new couple had moved into the neighborhood. No longer known as the new couple themselves, Stacy and Eric—who had moved into the little bedroom community when Eric took his first faculty post at a university in the city—had, by then, entered the tight social circle of upper-middle class professionals on their block. From the beginning, everyone knew that something was askew with the new couple, and Stacy assumed that the discomfort was just because the new couple consisted of two women.

Stacy, having been brought up by progressive parents in a city known for its liberal politics, felt a bit superior to those other neighbors whom she perceived to be somewhat backwards. She assumed that her neighbors, Eric's colleagues, and—heck—everyone else she had met since she moved here with Eric grew up in predictable June Cleaver-type households and hadn't been exposed to much else.

"Why did they get a house right across the street from the school? Are they going to have kids or something?"

"Henry and Paula live right next to them, and they say that they don't pull down their shades at night."

"I took a basket of cookies over there one day, and things got… well… weird."

Such was the kind of gossip that wandered from house to house about the new couple. Stacy brushed it off to ignorance. But one thing that Eric mentioned—which offended Stacy at first—did stick with her.

"What's with that place?! It's like the Playboy Mansion without Hugh Hefner!" Eric was referring to the throngs of young women who littered their backyard pool every weekend. Every Friday and Saturday, there was a party held at the new couple's house. Women—many of whom looked like they were in their early 20s—could be seen laughing, splashing about in the pool, soaking in the hot tub, and lounging on the deck chairs. The party would often go long into the night.

While leaving the grocery store one afternoon, Stacy ran into one half of the new couple. "Hey…" the voice in the parking lot called out. "You live down the street from us." Stacy turned and saw a woman who looked to be about 35 with neatly-trimmed hair. She was wearing a crisp linen suit and didn't appear to be at all wilted by the intense Texas heat. "I'm Annie. I'm new in town, and I'd like to get to know as many of my neighbors as possible. Why don't you stop by sometime?"

Annie and Stacy exchanged addresses, phone numbers, and promises to visit. When Stacy returned home, she said nothing to Eric about her chance meeting.

It was on a Sunday morning when Eric went out for a run that Stacy thought to pay a visit to Annie and her partner—who, Stacy had by now learned, was named Carla. They invited her to sit down for a cup of tea and immediately started off on the initial pleasantries that people go through when meeting for the first time. Stacy learned that they were both from New York, and Annie was a freelance writer and Carla a banker. "And what about you," Annie asked. "What do you do?"

"Well… I worked as a graphic designer for a number of years, but when we moved here for Eric's job, I had to leave mine. I haven't found anything since then."

"You know," Carla started, "our bank is looking for someone to work on the layout of our annual reports. Why don't you drop off a copy of your resume with me, and I can pass it onto our human resources department?"

"Oh, really? Wow!" Stacy bristled with excitement. These new friendships could really open doors for her, she thought. And they would in more ways than one.

* * * * *

It was to be Stacy's first pool party at Annie and Carla's house. Eric had been invited, too, perhaps out of formality, but—somehow—Eric sensed that the event really wasn't his scene. Stacy kissed Eric before she left for the party. "Bye, hon,' Don't worry, I won't stay out too late."

"Yeah… Have a good time at the Playboy Mansion!" Eric teased. Slightly annoyed, Stacy made a face before she turned and left.

"Hiiii!" Carla greeted Stacy loudly when Annie walked in. "We were afraid you wouldn't show up! Make yourself comfortable!" Stacy smiled shyly and took a seat at the outdoor bar. All around her were beautiful women in bikinis and sarongs. It seemed almost funny, like a scene from a cheesy movie, except it was real. She got a drink and then made her way down to the pool.

Stacy had been sitting on the edge of the pool with her feet in the water, chatting awkwardly with some of the other impossibly young guests, when Annie suggested that she get a treat inside the cabana.

"A treat? What kind of treat?" Stacy asked, intrigued but not at all suspicious. The query prompted a barrage of stifled giggles from the young women who overheard it.

"You'll just have to see," Annie winked.

Stacy made her way to the cabana and peered inside. She saw a small group of women smiling and talking happily. When they noticed her presence, they waved for her to enter.

"You're Annie and Carla's new neighbor friend!" One of them shrieked. "Hey, guys… isn't she adorable?!" The other young women giggled.

"Come in and hang out with us!" Another one exclaimed. Stacy entered and sat in an empty chair, curious as to what this "treat" might be. On a footstool sat a plate of chocolate-dipped strawberries. Were these the treats that Annie was talking about?, Stacy wondered. There were three women in the cabana aside from Stacy herself. One of them had long black hair and gorgeous olive skin. Another was a brunette with curly hair and a muscular figure. The third was a curvy, short blonde.

All of a sudden, they stood up and grabbed Stacy by the shoulders and legs. That's when Stacy noticed that the piece of furniture they were sitting on was not a couch but something that resembled a rack. She screamed for lack of a better reaction. After a short struggle, the women overpowered her three to one, and Stacy found herself bound hand and foot to the upholstered rack on which the women had been sitting.

"What the hell are you doing?!" Stacy protested. The only answer she received were a series of giggles. There was some giggling coming from outside, too, from the party guests who heard the altercation inside.

"She has a nice body, don't you think?" the brunette said to her friends as she stroked Stacy's thigh. "Do you all want to see more of it?"

"Yeah!!!" The brunette took a pair of scissors and began snipping away Stacy's bathing suit.

"Stop! I can't believe what you're doing. Stop!" Stacy screamed.

"Don't worry…. We'll have another bathing suit for you to go home in. Hubby won't even notice the difference. They never notice these things, now, do they?" the blonde said.

Snip, snip, snip. Off came the pieces of fabric that used to be Stacy's bathing suit. The women pulled them from Stacy's body until they were all gone. Then all three women looked her over while Stacy lay naked and trembling.

"So… hubby must be a very lucky man!" said the dark haired woman. "Does he get to touch these tits?" she asked, moving her hand over Stacy's breasts, making her nipples perk up. "Does he get to touch this pussy?" she continued, running her fingers through Stacy's bush. Stacy squirmed. Down, down, down, the fingers went until they encountered evidence of Stacy's arousal. The dark haired woman held up her fingers, the tips of which looked like they had been dipped in peach nectar, and her friends cackled.

"Mmmmm… looks like we have a winner here," the brunette said.

"What are you going to do to me!?"

"You really want to know?" said the dark haired woman. "Well, we're going to show you!" Instantly, the dark haired woman got into the chair in which Stacy had been sitting when she entered the cabana. She slipped out of her bikini bottoms and extended her gorgeous brown legs out to either side, spreading them and draping them over the armrests. The blonde woman made a beeline for what the dark haired woman was offering. Kneeling in front of her, the blonde plunged her face in between the dark haired woman's thighs and began to mouth and tongue her.

Stacy couldn't believe what was happening to her. What started out as fear turned into unexpected desire. Her mildly moist pussy that the dark haired woman had touched earlier wetted itself more and more as Stacy watched the scene before her. The dark haired woman's eyes half closed and rolled back, and her lips parted in an expression of joy. She pulled down the straps of her bikini top and touched her own breasts while the blond woman ministered to her as she lay spread out like that in the armchair.

The brunette woman was clearly enjoying the scene, too. She took the armchair beside the one occupied by the dark haired woman and slid her hand down the waistband of her bathing suit. The motion of her hand underneath her bathing suit bottom was steady and regular as she watched the action.

The dark haired woman gasped and cried out when her orgasm overtook her. The blond woman did not stop but continued mouthing and tonguing her to draw out her climax. The rapid pumping of the dark haired woman's hips gradually slowed and subsided, and her cries descended into soft sighs.

Stacy was mad with arousal. "You want to have that done to you, wifey?" the dark haired woman asked, still breathless. "I bet hubby doesn't do it half as good, huh? Why don't I give you some of our magic?"

The dark haired woman moved to the rack between Stacy's legs while the blonde took her place on the armchair. By now, Stacy's pussy was completely drenched and twitching for want of attention. The brunette woman continued to massage her clit in increasingly rapid circles, and it was clear from her facial expressions that it wouldn't be long before she climaxed. The blonde woman, aroused from the giving of pleasure, was now joining the brunette in a session of self-pleasure. She moved the crotch of her g-string bikini to the side to set her pussy free, and she delicately fingered her clit like it was some previous jewel. 

"ZING!!!" was what Stacy felt with the dark haired woman's first lick between her pussy lips. It was a light one, but it deftly stroked her from cunt to clit in one smooth motion. After that, Stacy was mush as she gave in to what was to come. The dark haired woman savored her pussy as no one else ever had… not even Eric. Stacy made herself an open receptacle for pleasure as the dark haired woman worked her up and up and up.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Startled from her reverie, Stacy opened her eyes and saw the brunette woman convulsing in orgasm. A moment later, the blonde followed, and the sight of two women climaxing at the same time—both furiously rubbing their clits—encouraged Stacy to join them in pleasure. It wasn't going to be difficult considering what the dark haired woman was doing to her. It wasn't going to be long.

The dark haired woman must have sensed Stacy's impending orgasm because her tonguing became more intense. Stacy gave in completely to the dark haired woman. This was someone who knew what she was doing, and she did it well. The rapid tonguing took her to the edge of no return where Stacy teetered and teetered. Still, it continued. Then… the inevitable.

The orgasm seized Stacy and coursed through her like a tidal wave. She didn't know if she was experiencing extreme pleasure or pain. Every muscle in her body tensed and contracted, and she rattled the rack as her entire body jerked and convulsed. "Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh…" she cried out over and over again. The dark haired woman's tongue worked her clit in a controlled frenzy. She wasn't letting Stacy down just yet. Stacy's first orgasm barely subsided when number two crept up onto her. Again, her body convulsed and pulled violently against the restraints and her hips bucked up and down, up and down, up and down as the dark haired woman's tongue went crazy on her clit.

When it all finally settled, Stacy was spent but happy. The blond woman dipped a small hand towel in a basin of water, squeezed it out, and gently wiped Stacy's pussy. The sensation of the cool water and soft washcloth was refreshing between her legs. The other two women untied the restraints and freed her from the rack. As promised, a new bathing suit in Stacy's size appeared, and she got dressed.

"How did it go?" Annie and Carla asked when Stacy stepped out of the cabana, still weak at the knees. They revealed only a trace of a smirk. The query didn't appear to be so much to be an actual question as it was a statement about what they already knew.

Stacy returned home that night—not too late as she had promised Eric—and took her place next to him on the bed. He was already snoring. She yawned as she tucked herself in, knowing how lucky she was to have the new neighbors as friends.