 After Stacy's first attendance at Annie and Carla's pool party, she and Eric seemed to grow further apart. It wasn't that she discovered that she didn't want to be with him anymore. No, that was not it at all. She still loved him as much as she did the day they got married. It was just that Stacy knew from that day forward, she would have a whole new dimension to her life that Eric would not even begin to understand.

Eric's life was so simple, Stacy thought. He went to work in the morning and came back home in the evening. That was it. He had everything taken care of for him by Stacy: the bills, the housecleaning, the yard work, so on and so forth. Furthermore, there had never been any discussion of what it meant for them to move to Houston. Stacy had left a good job, friends, and family so that Eric could pursue his career, and now—here she was—a trophy wife among the others in the neighborhood. At least that was how she felt. She wasn't even that much younger than Eric, 31 to his 36. But as the days went by, she felt that he was growing older faster than she. This feeling had been brewing long before Annie and Carla moved into their neighborhood but it was only since the pool party that Stacy had realized it.

The strange thing was that sex between them had gotten noticeably better since Stacy returned from the pool party. The recent memory of what those three unnamed women did to her there kept in her a state of constant arousal. On every single day that following week, Stacy wasted no time in ravishing Eric as soon as he returned home from work. Once, they even did it in the foyer.

"Wow, girl! You must be very happy with me, lately," Eric beamed. He was charmingly disheveled as he picked himself off the floor and zipped up his fly.

"You could say that," Stacy grinned.

* * * * *

That weekend, Eric walked in just as Stacy was packing her swimbag. "Off to another pool party, eh?"

"Yes, hon'. Don't worry. I won't be out late," Stacy said as she pecked him on the cheek.

The celebration at Annie and Carla's was already well underway. After greeting the hosts, Stacy discovered that it was already well known that she had been initiated, and women who were somewhat guarded with her last week even as they flirted were much more easygoing and friendly, eager as they were to help her feel like she was "one of them." The atmosphere was spirited and hedonistic, but not in a spring-break type of way. A tall hedge around the entire backyard provided a small amount of privacy, and anything less than discreet took place inside the house.

In the hot tub, a woman was—presumably—straddling one of the jets while another one held her from behind and kissed her neck. Her face and her quick panting indicated that she was about to climax. In the deep end of the pool, two women shared and underwater kiss. Stacy heard some whispering and giggling, and when she turned around, she saw a group of women sitting on the steps leading into the shallow end of the pool. They each had a hand down the waistband of their bikini bottoms. Stacy felt the familiar puckering that indicated her clit was erect.

Stacy wandered inside through a sliding glass door in the patio. There, she found herself in a clothing-optional playroom of sorts. The dark haired woman who had last week given Stacy the best cunnilingus of her life was lying on a chaise lounge. She barely looked up to acknowledge her when Stacy walked in. Perhaps it was because there were two women seated between her legs and each of them had an index finger inside her cunt. Those two women were both thrusting their index fingers in and out of the dark haired woman in a cooperative finger fuck.

Another threesome was taking place on the other side of the playroom. Carla lay on the floor while Annie sucked and kissed her breasts and another woman buried her face in her pussy. Several unabashed voyeurs positioned themselves around the room. Sitting on the floor propped up on pillows or lounging in one of the armchairs, they could be seen in various stages of arousal as they manually pleasured themselves while they drank in the entire scene. Some of the voyeurs would eventually partner up.

The tension in the playroom weighed heavily on Stacy. On the one hand, she was fearful and wanted nothing more than to leave. Why did she come back, she wondered. On the other hand, she knew that nothing could drag her out of this room before... before.... Before what? Well, Stacy didn't know what that "what" was, yet. The combination of moans, sighs, squeaks, and cries was uncanny. Lurking in the background of all of those vocalized noises was the soft, liquid gurgle of lubricated friction. From time to time, others would walk in, join the party or continue onwards to the pool and deck.

"Hi! Remember me?" a voice from behind startled Stacy. When she turned around, she realized that it wasn't so much a question as it was a greeting. It was the blonde who had been involved in her initiation. Of course Stacy remembered her.

"Oh, hi."

"I'm glad you came back. My name's Kylie. So... you wanna get busy?" She sure got right to the point.

"You know, I've never..." Stacy began.

"Relax, I'll walk you through it." And with that, Kylie gave Stacy a firm kiss on the mouth.

The chaise lounge had been vacated by the dark haired woman and her associates who decided to bring their play into the pool. As the dark haired woman and Stacy walked past each other, they exchanged a knowing glance. Kylie reclined into the chaise, spreading her thighs by draping one leg over the armrest and letting the other fall to the floor. "C'mon. Sit right there on the cushion in front of me," she directed Stacy. Not knowing what to do next, Stacy sat down awkwardly.

"You know," Kylie continued. "It's okay to look."

"Look at what?" Stacy asked nervously.

"My body, you silly thing." Stacy took a look. The view that lay before her was truly outstanding. There Kylie was, lying spread out like that with her creamy breasts sprouting firm nub-like nipples. Her belly was smooth, and her perfect pink pussy was framed by a set of rounded hips and thighs. "Look at my pussy," Kylie said in a bossy way and giggled. Her bush was waxed so that only a wispy patch of fine blond hair remained, and Stacy could see a set of delicate rose-colored labia encircling a dewy cunt.

"Can you tell what it wants?"

"Well..."

"I'll tell you want it wants," Kylie continued. "It wants you to bring it off." And with that Kylie went into gales of laughter.

Stacy had gone too far to turn back now. She placed her hand hesitantly on Kylie's pussy. As she did this, Kylie writhed noticeably. "See," Kylie giggled. "Already you're doing a good job."

Stacy moistened her fingers inside Kylie's pool of dew, and she spread the wetness to coat Kylie's entire puss. She gently coated each labia with Kylie's natural lube and when her fingers wandered upwards to Kylie's clitoris, she gasped in delight. "Go ahead, go crazy with me," Kylie encouraged.

Feeling bolder by the moment, Stacy massaged Kylie clitoris in increasingly firm, steady circles. "Oh... that's real good. I'm in heaven right now," Kylie moaned as she moved her hips in a wavelike motion to the rhythm of Stacy's fingers. Stacy's own cunt was, by now, just as wet as Kylie's. This increasing arousal emboldened Stacy even more. She bowed her head and plunged into Kylie's pussy.

"Oh!" Kylie shrieked in surprise. "Mmmm... Mmmm.... Mmmm.... I'm gonna cum. I'm sooooooo gonna cum." Stacy kept on licking and tonguing Kylie's swollen clitoris. "Just keep at it," Kylie said. "Don't change a thing."

All of a sudden, Kylie thurst her hips hard into Stacy's face. "Oh... yes! Yes!yes!yes!yes! YESSSSSSSS!" she erupted. "Ahhhhh...." Stacy looked up while her mouth was still plastered against Kylie's pussy and the sight of this beautiful woman climaxing like that sent chills up her spine. Stacy's own pussy dripped and dripped.

Kylie's orgasm had just subsided when Stacy heard the sound of applause throughout the playroom. "Way to go, Stacy!" Carla cried. The other women followed with hoots and cheers.

* * * * *

How many more of these pool parties would she attend, Stacy wondered as she tucked herself into bed next to Eric later that night. Who else from the neighborhood would Annie and Carla's friends initiate? There was a summer's worth of time to answer those questions.