 Denise stood outside of the club, her stomach nervous with butterflies.

"Come on," she said to herself, "you can do it."

She pushed the door opened and stepped inside.

It was nicer than what she imagined - a long bar against the back wall with a dozen vinyl stools in front of it, luscious velvet booths lined the back of the clubs - some had curtains surrounding them, some didn't. Not to be noticed, she quickly took a seat at the bar.

The barmaid, a nice looking woman with brown shoulder length hair, beautiful complexion, and a curvy body, came right over to her.

"What can I get you to drink, sweetie?" she asked.

"I-I-I'll have a gin and tonic," Denise said.

The barmaid started to fix her drink, "You're new to this place, aren't you?" she asked.

Denise blushed a little, "Is it that obvious?" she asked.

"A little. But it's ok to be a little nervous your first time in a joint. But don't worry, we wont bite," the barmaid said, setting her finished drink in front of her.

"Thanks," Denise said, giving her a sincere smile.

She started on her drink, just checking out the place. There were quite a few women scattered about, talking to each other. It was pretty calm and relaxed. Denise was glad she came in.

"So, feeling better?" a voice said next to her.

Denise faced the woman. She was an older woman, probably in her 50's, with graying blondish hair that fell to her shoulders, piercing blue eyes, and a full set of lips. She was wearing an expensive black business suit and 5 inch heels. She was stunning!

Denise gave her a little smile, "I do."

The woman leaned a little closer and put her hand on Denise's back, "You're lucky none of the sharks are in here - they would have eaten you alive," she said.

"I know. I didn't mean to be so nervous, but, you know..." Denise said.

"I know. Is this your first time in a place like this?" the woman asked.

"Yes. I've always been curious," she said.

"Curious about?" the woman asked. She knew exactly what she was curious about, and she planned to play it for all it's worth. She had been looking for a young girl to play with, one to turn into a pussy loving pet, for a long time. She was starting to lose hope, but when this new piece of innocent meat walked into the bar, she knew she had to claim her before anyone else.

"Well, I've always been curious about being with....a woman," Denise said hesitantly.

"You sound hesitant," the woman said.

"I guess I'm just scared," Denise said.

"There's nothing to be scared about, child. It's perfectly normal to be curious about being with the same sex. Trust me," the woman said.

And Denise did trust her. She seemed so nice, and so personal. She liked talking with her.

"What's your name, sweetie?" the woman asked.

"It's Denise."

"Hello Denise, I'm Nancy," the woman said, sticking her hand out.

"Wow!" Denise said as she reached for the woman's hand, "I love your nails!" Nancy had beautiful nails - they were two inches long and done in a French manicure.

"Thanks, sweetie. I'm so glad you like them," Nancy said. 

"Don't tell anyone," Denise said as she finished her drink, "but I kind of have this fetish about nails."

Nancy tried to remain calm. She LOVED to use her nails on her girls - it was the reason she kept them so long and perfect, "Oh do you?"

"Yeah, I'm kind of embarrassed about it, but I've always had a thing for women with long fake nails," she said.

Nancy decided to use this information to her advantage. She lightly dragged her nails along Denise's thigh and said, "Don't be embarrassed - it's good to know what you like."

Denise just nodded yes. Nancy's nails felt so amazingly good - it was like everything she thought it would feel like!

"And you like it when I do this, don't you?" Nancy asked, as her nails traveled inward, lightly scratching Denise's inner thigh.

"Yes," Denise said, barely getting the words out, "it feels nice." Ever since she came to terms with he fetish, she had always imagined what her first time dealing with it would be like. She has always been too shy to do anything about it, but now she has a beautiful, mature, older woman making the first move and it was what she always dreamed of!

But little did Denise know that she was falling into Nancy's trap!

"How about this?" Nancy asked. All of the sudden, Denise felt one of Nancy's nails lightly scratching her left nipple through her top. The move sent shivers down her spine, and her whole left breast to tingle. Denise suddenly remembered that she was in a public place, but the bar came up to her upper chest, causing her breast to be hidden below the bar rail.

Nancy took advantage of that fact and continues her nipple play. She knew Denise was enjoying it, feeling her nipple become bigger and harder with every scratch of her nail. Nancy LOVED big girls with big natural tits, so she was anxiously looking forward to having some fun with Denise's.

Nancy got up from the bar stool and stood up close to Denise, while keeping a steady movement on her nipple. "I can't believe how hard your little nipple got, just from my nail," she said into Denise's ear.

Again, all Denise could do was nod. With all of the intense feelings shooting through her body, it was near impossible to concentrate on what to say.

Nancy had the feeling that Denise was moments away from succumbing to her powers, so she decided to pick up the pace, "Do you like it when Mommy's nails tickle your titties?" she asked Denise.

"Y-y-y-yes," Denise stammered, closing her eyes and enjoying the teasing her nipple was receiving.

"Tickle, tickle, tickle, little girl," Nancy said, as flicked her nail faster against Denise's hard nub.

Denise grabbed onto the bar, trying to steady herself. How could one woman's finger be causing her all of these emotions? Her pussy hasn't even be touched, but she could feel it getting wetter with every flick of Nancy's nail.

Nancy knew what a weakened state Denise was in and decided to go in for the kill.

"Why don't you be a good girl and join Mommy in my private booth?" Nancy asked, removing her nail from Denise's nipple.

Denise nodded, grabbed her purse, and stood up from the bar stool.

Denise found herself sitting in one of those plush velvet booths with the heavy curtain.

"Don't worry, dear - no one will interrupt us in here," Nancy said, as they sat down and slid towards the middle of the U-shaped booth.

"Now where were we?" Nancy asked, "that's right - you were enjoying Mommy's nails, weren't you?"

Denise nodded.

"I want you to take off your panties and give them to me," Nancy said.

Denise silently did what she was told and slipped her panties off under her skirt. She handed them over to Nancy.

"Looks like someone was a bad girl and creamed her panties," Nancy said, handling the creamy panties, "Did Mommy cause you to do that?"

Denise nodded.

"Well you wont have to worry about that anymore, because when you're in my company, you're not allowed to wear them. I want my babies pussy available whenever I want," Nancy said. She set the panties down on the booth behind her, and without Denise knowing, she pressed a hidden button under the table. That button activated the hidden infrared camera that was positioned in the corner of the booth. Nancy liked to have footage of the first time she was with a new play thing, she considered it part of her "family album".

"Now lean back against the booth and show Mommy your pretty pussy," Nancy said.

Denise did what she was told and leaned back. She brought her feet up a little so her legs would spread open more for Nancy.

"Mmmm, perfect," Nancy said, practically drooling over Denise's pussy. She could tell that her pussy hasn't seen a lot of action, because it was so sweet and beautiful. It was probably super tight too, but Nancy planned on giving that pussy an eventual workout.

Nancy started to drag her nails up and down Denise's soft inner thighs. She felt Denise hold her breath, and goose bumps appeared on her thighs. "What a responsive little girl!" Nancy thought to herself, "I'm definitely going to have fun with this one."

Denise couldn't believe what was happening! An hour ago she was a shy, innocent woman, and now she was in a public place with her legs spread open about to be violated by an older, more experienced woman.

But truth be told, Denise loved it.

"You have a beautiful pussy, darling," Nancy said, as she started to run the tops of her nails on Denise's outer labia. "I'm glad you shaved - it's like you were almost expecting me, weren't you?"

Denise nodded.

"And look how wet you are!" she said. Nancy dragged her index finger nail along Denise's slit, getting it all covered in pussy juice. She brought her finger up to Denise's mouth.

"Here, darling - taste yourself," she said. Denise opened her mouth and Nancy stuck her nail in, letting Denise suck and lick the juice off.

"Good girl," Nancy said, removing her finger from Denise's mouth.

"Now," Nancy said, "let's play!"

Nancy used her nails to spread open Denise's pussy, revealing how pink, wet, and sweet it was.

"Now," she said, "where's my babies little clit? Ah, there it is," she said. She took her right index finger and used the nail to lightly scratch Denise's clit, trying to get it hard.

Denise moaned.

"I thought you'd like that," said Nancy, as she continued to work on her clit. It got harder and harder with every touch of her nail. Nancy rested her long nail on top of the clit, almost as if she were trying to hide it.

"Look - Mommy's captured your clit," she said. She removed her nail and started to flick her nail back and forth against Denise's clit.

Denise moaned loudly. It was the best thing she had ever felt! The top of Nancy's nail was so soft and smooth and it was pure bliss every time it touched her sensitive clit. 

"Is it everything you've imagined it to be? Of course it is - you've been dying to give up your pussy to someone like me, haven't you?" Nancy said, as she continued the assault on Denise's clit.

Denise nodded.

"Since you like how my nails feel on the outside of you pussy, lets try them on the inside," Nancy said. She removed her finger from Denise's clit and brought it down to her hole. She traced the outside of it with her nail, and then slowly stuck it in. It was quite tight, and Nancy felt Denise instantly tighten her body.

"Just relax, darling. Mommy will be gentle," Nancy said. She slowly pushed her finger in, feeling Denise's pussy muscles tighten even more around her finger. Her pussy felt wonderful , soft and warm, almost like velvet. Nancy pushed her finger in up to her knuckle.

"Your pussy took that finger so nicely. Now lets try two," Nancy said. She removed her finger and joined it with her middle finger, pushing them slowly into Denise's pussy.

Denise moaned loudly. Even though it was only two fingers, her pussy felt extremely tight and full. She could feel Nancy's fingers slowly going deeper and deeper inside of her.

"There," Nancy said, once she buried her fingers in Denise's hot, wet pussy, "Do you feel that, darling? Do you feel my fingers deep inside of your pussy?"

Denise nodded.

Nancy started to move her fingers around, "Do you feel my fingers moving inside of you? Do you feel my nails scratching your pussy walls?" she asked.

All Denise could do was nod. Nancy could tell by the look on Denise's face that she was in pure ecstasy. Nancy turned her fingers upward and found Denise's g-spot. She lightly scratched it with her nails.

"Do you feel that baby? Mommy is tickling your g-spot with her nails. You like that, don't you?" Nancy asked.

Denise just moaned and bucked her hips slightly. Never did she feel so good, and it was all caused from a woman's hand.

Nancy seemed to read Denise's thoughts, "Look at you! Sitting here in a public nightclub, with a woman you had just met, with her hand buried deep inside your pussy? Such a dirty little girl. But you're MY dirty girl, aren't you?" 

"Yes," Denise whispered, as Nancy continued the attack on her pussy.

"You must have been so horny and desperate. Look at you, getting off on a woman's two fingers. Actually, lets make that three," Nancy said. She turned her hand slightly and started to flick Denise's hard clit with her thumbnail.

Denise's started to buck her hips even more. Her pussy was gushing as Nancy's nails continued to have their way with her pussy. 

Nancy knew Denise was almost ready to cum, so she went in for the kill. She sped up her movements, her two fingers scratching her soft g-spot faster, while her big, thick thumb nail continued to spank Denise's vulnerable clit.

"Your pussy is mine baby, all mine. And there's nothing you can do about that," Nancy said.

Denise just nodded in agreement.

"I think my baby girl is ready to cum," Nancy said, "cum for me darling, cum for Momma."

Denise's breathing was at her heaviest, and she could feel the orgasm building in her womb.

"Come on baby, cum for Momma. Cum on Momma's nails!

And Denise did just that. Denise moaned loudly when it happened, but she had never came so strongly before. Her pussy walls clenched around Nancy's fingers and her hip bucked furiously.

"There we go. Good girl," Nancy said. She removed her fingers from Denise's dripping pussy, and brought them to Denise's mouth. Denise was so exhausted, she could barely open her mouth to accept Nancy's fingers to suck on.

"My poor baby girl is so exhausted. Let's go back to my place to rest up," Nancy said with an evil smile on her face.