 We exchanged small talk over dinner, suddenly nervous of each other again. The more wine that was consumed, the less inhibited we became, laughing and joking loudly. We attracted looks but we did not care.

I got up to go to the bathroom and passed behind her, running my fingers across her shoulders. The wine had made me horny and I wanted nothing more than to drop to my knees and eat her cunt there and then. She raised her hand and caught mine as I walked, pulling it forward and kissing my fingers before releasing me.

I went to the ladies bathroom and into a cubicle. As I sat I dipped a finger into my cunt. It was soaking wet. Finished, I washed my hands and made my way back. She watched as I approached and smiled. I stopped and whispered in her ear, "I want your cunt."

"Anytime," came the reply.

We carried on with dinner, watching each other with lust, me hoping she could see in my face the need I could see in hers. The restaurant emptied slowly while we sat and drank wine, laughing about the old days. 

Finally at about eleven o'clock we decided to go back upstairs. I got up and walked around the table, stopping in front of her. 

"Fuck, I've missed you," I said and kissed her deep and hard. She put her arms around me and we kissed, oblivious to the restaurant staff around us and the lustful looks from some of the waiters.

Pulling back breathlessly, she took my hand. "Come on, I need to take care of your cunt." I smiled and allowed myself to be led away. 

"Yes you have," I whispered in her ear. I watched her as she walked up the stairs. She always had the most magnificent arse, I couldn't wait to bite it. We turned the corner and I immediately made a grab for it. She yelped and jumped a couple of steps in front of me. I took the opportunity of her being above me to slide my hand up her dress to grab her bare arse. 

She stopped and I almost walked into the back of her. I slid my hand between her thighs and was pleased to feel how wet she was. Cheekily I slid a finger into her cunt, she moaned and leant back against me, my hand continuing to move between her thighs. She parted her legs slightly and let me dip in, sliding my fingers into her wet lips.

"Bedroom, NOW," I whispered in her ear and gave her a slight push to get her moving. My hand slid out of her thighs and her skirt fell back down as she walked up the last few stairs and onto the corridor. I giggled as she almost fell off her shoes. She turned around and sat down on the top step, bending over to take her shoes off. Pulling her skirt right up, she leant over and undid her sandals I walked around her and back down the stairs, turning to look at her fabulous cunt. 

Shoes now off, she looked at me and opened her legs wide, sliding her fingers in. Her eyes never left mine and I watched as she slid two fingers deep into her cunt and pumped them back and forth. I walked up the stairs and took her free hand.

"Come on you, bedroom, I want your cunt," I told her. 

She slid her hand out and stood, offering me her fingers. I licked them clean and loved the taste of her. She bent and picked up her shoes, stood again and allowed me to drag her to the bedroom.

I opened the door and pulled her inside, immediately kissing her, frantically trying to take off her dress as she tried to do the same to me. As the dresses dropped to the floor, we stood, hands roaming over each other's nakedness, over breasts, buttocks and backs.

I dragged her towards the bed.

"Hang on, I need to pee," she said, making her way to the bathroom. The quantity of wine we'd both had had made me bold. 

"Take me with you, piss on me," I said as I followed her.

We walked into the large bathroom and she turned to faced me. Kissing me hard she pulled on my nipples. I moaned and slipped my finger into her cunt, running my nail over her clit. She moaned and I felt a small gush of piss on my hand. 

"Mmmmm baby, so warm, so good." I kissed her again and pulled away. I lay down on the floor and I held my hands out to her. 

"Come and stand over me," I instructed.

She stepped over and straddled my stomach.

"Now, piss baby," I said.

She let go of my hands and moved them between her legs, holding her cunt open. She let a stream of warm yellow piss flow from her. It hit my breasts and splashed everywhere, running down my stomach and into my cunt, the feel of it making me want to join her.

"Lie down," I said holding out my hands to her once again, helping her to the floor. She staggered a little and I realised she was more drunk than I'd originally thought. She sat down opposite me on the already soaked floor. I spread my legs and pussy lips and let forth an arch of golden piss. It hit her in on the stomach and flowed down to her cunt. She rubbed her clit while my stream continued.

Once I had finished, I slid across the bathroom floor and pushed her onto her back, she continued to play with her cunt, as I lay on my stomach and buried my face in with her fingers, tasting a mixture of piss and cunt juices. She tasted so good.

I continued to eat her cunt, our piss mingling, soaking into our hair, our skin. My fingers took over from hers, rubbing her clit while I tongued her deeply. Eventually I pulled away.

"Sit on my face," I said as I turned on my back and watched as her leg came over and she straddled my face, her beautiful cunt and arse above me. Grabbing her hips I pulled her down onto my eager tongue and slid it deeply into her hole. She moaned and moved her cunt on my face, riding my tongue while she played with her clit.

With my hands on the cheeks of her arse, I played with her and teased her, my thumb gently gliding across her arsehole, tongue dipping in and out of her cunt, licking her fingers as she continued to play with her clit. She moaned and writhed above me, fucking my tongue hard and fast, riding me, my fingers rubbing my own clit as I savoured her wonderful wet cunt. Suddenly she bore down heavily and convulsed over my mouth. Her orgasm set off a chain reaction and I came, moaning loudly, trying hard to concentrate on her cunt but unable to do anything except let her continue to fuck my tongue.

As her orgasm diminished, she collapsed onto me panting and I savoured the feel of her damp skin on mine. She took my hand and greedily sucked on my fingers before sliding her tongue into my soaked cunt to lap at my cum. My body shuddered with every touch of her tongue.

"Oh god, stop. Nooooo," I moaned squirming out of her way. "Come on, shower." I said. 

I rolled her off me and onto the floor. She yelped with the sudden chill. Getting up, I straddled her once more and let another gush of piss out all over her tits before pulling her up off the floor. I turned the shower on and whilst it warmed up I sucked on her nipples greedily, licking the piss from them, watching and enjoying them becoming more erect.

Steam was billowing from the shower and I broke away, took her hand and walked into the shower. We washed, constantly touching each other, caressing, kissing, needing.

As we left the shower, I dropped the towels on the floor where they soaked up what was left of our play. She wandered into the bedroom as I did and got a bottle of wine out of her bag. Coming back into the bathroom with the two tooth mugs we had used earlier, she rinsed them and cracked open the bottle pouring each of us glass full.

"C'mon, that's good enough." She said as she waved the glass in front of me. I stood up, smiled and took the wine from her, taking a large mouthful as I walked into the bedroom towards the bed.

We sat on the bed and carried on talking, continuing to catch up on our time apart. I stroked her thigh while she stroked my hand, the tension building as we drank. We finished another bottle and she put her glass down, turned and took mine off me.

"I want to fuck you," she said, focusing hard on my eyes. We were both drunk and horny. I lay back and opened my legs, sliding my fingers into my cunt with one hand while the other pulled on my nipples. She watched intently as I fingered myself.

"C'mon then, if you're going to fuck me then do it," I growled at her. She lurched off the bed and over to her bag, taking out her toys one by one, dropping them on the floor until finally, with a crow, she found what she was looking for. Concentrating, she stepped into her prize, pulled it up and fastened it around her waist. As she turned I smiled.

She stood naked with a strap-on pointing at me. Eight inches of flesh-coloured dildo in a leather harness .She walked across the room with it swaying obscenely from her hips and stood at the side of the bed.

"Suck my cock bitch," she slurred and I instantly moved onto my knees to take her into my mouth. She watched for a couple of minutes and then put one hand on my head and started to pump her cock into my mouth. She watched as it slid in and out.

"I can see why men love this, you look so fucking sexy," she said.

I moaned and carried on sucking. With a pop she pulled out of my mouth.

"Lie down," she said

I moved onto my back and slid some pillows under my hips. My stomach and tits moved backwards and my cunt was laid bare, legs splayed. She got between my knees and placed her cock between my cunt lips, rubbing my cunt lightly.

"Do you want it?" she asked.

"Fuck yes, give me your cock," I replied.

"Say please," she laughed.

"PLEASE," I begged. "fuck my cunt with your cock."

She slid down and straight into my wet hole. I moaned, "Ohhhh fuck, yesssss." I heaved a deep sigh as the cock filled me.

Holding my legs, she started to pump my cunt. I watched as her tits bobbed up and down with each stroke. My hips moved in time with hers as she fucked me. Rising to meet her, my fingers rubbed my clit. Her pace got faster and I moaned as her cock filled me over and over.

"Oh fuck baby, make me cum," I moaned.

She leant forward and held onto the head of the bed. With one deep thrust I came, my fingers raking her back, her head bending between her arms to suck on one nipple. She continued to fuck me, through my orgasm and out of the other side. Afterwards, I lay quietly coming back as she slid from my cunt, the occasional spasm running through my body, making me catch my breath. Rolling to the side of me she slid one finger into my cunt and flicked my clit.

"Nooooo," I moaned and grabbed her hand, pulling her away.

She leant over and kissed me. "Now it's my turn. Fuck me."

I rolled sideways and she got up off the bed, staggering again as she took off the strap-on. Lifting it, she slowly slid her mouth down the shaft, licking my juices and cum from the cock before handing it over to me.

I pulled it on while she sat and watched, drinking more wine.

"Get your nasty cunt on there and lie down," I said. She took a large mouthful of wine and grinned at me.

"Make me." She said, an I-dare-you look on her face.

I looked at her and raised an eyebrow. "Don't push it lady," I said, a sideways smile on my face.

"Or what?" She laughed.

I laughed too as I walked over to the bag. Bending down I retrieved the ball gag, hand cuffs and ankle straps. As I stood up she looked at me with a glint in her eye. I walked back to her, stood in front of her and kissed her. My fingers played with her nipples as I pulled away.

"Open your mouth," I told her. She looked at me and opened her mouth, her tongue licking her lips. I put the gag in her mouth and fastened the buckle at the back.

"Lie on the bed," I commanded.

She climbed up and lay on her back. I walked around the bed and slipped the ankle straps over her feet one at a time, fastening them to the bed. Walking to the head of the bed I clipped one half of the cuffs to the bed head.

"Give me your wrists." 

Her hands came up and I fastened them into place. "I hope you have the key for these," she laughed through the gag and I nodded.

"You do NOT cum until I tell you to, do you understand me?" She nodded and I got up onto the bed.

Straddling her, I started at her fingers. Licking them from the tips, to the palm of her hand, one by one, between them, across her palm and around her wrist. Down her arms one by one, to her armpits. Blowing on the trail of dampness every so often, making her shiver. I licked her armpit and across her shoulder to her neck, where I started kissing her, tiny kisses up her neck and onto her face, biting her earlobe gently before continuing my kissing journey over her face, her eyes, the end of her nose. I worked my way down her body, slowly, almost at a snails pace. She moaned and murmured through the gag, the restraints stopping her from moving.

I stopped at her breasts and sucked on her nipples, kissing them all over, lifting them to kiss and lick under them. I carried on down, kissing, licking, blowing all over her body, never touching with my hands, only my lips. I kissed her mound and her thighs, resisting the urge to eat her and suck on her clit. Moving over her once more, I slid the strap-on into her cunt, sighing. She moaned below me, trying in vain to lift her legs and wrap them around me.

My strokes started to get deeper and harder, sliding into her wet cunt, I could hear the sounds of her wetness, her moans muffled as she pulled against her restraints. I grabbed her tits and kneaded them mercilessly, pinching her nipples hard as I pumped in and out of her, moaning with every stroke.

"Fuck babe, you feel good," I moaned at her, "I bet you need to cum don't you?"

She looked directly at me and nodded, moaning as I continued to fuck her, getting harder all the time, wishing I had a cock so that I could feel the sensation of her cunt around me. The thought made me moan and I pulled on my nipples as my hips moved back and forth.

Her moans were becoming constant and I knew she was on the brink of cumming. I slid out of her and moved my face between her legs.

"Do not cum until I tell you," I reminded her and pushed my face into her soaked cunt I slid my tongue into her wet hole, my nose rubbing on her clit while I lapped at her. She squirmed and moaned and I could feel her cunt start to tense up. I stopped and pulled back.

"Not yet, I said. She whimpered in protest but nodded again.

I put my face back down to her cunt and licked her hole again, then down to her asshole. The restraints made it hard to get to but the tip of my tongue could flick across it making her tremble. I licked back up and stopped at her hole, lapped at it and then moved once more to her clit. Sucking it between my teeth, I flicked it hard with my tongue. She bucked above me and I bit into her clit gently before pulling away.

"Soon honey , soon," I said as I undid the strap-on and dropped it to the floor. I moved around and up her until I was at her head. Reaching around the back of her, I undid the gag, carefully removed it and dropped it on the floor. She whimpered again and whispered "Please." I shook my head and bent to her face.

"Soon," I said quietly as I kissed her slowly and gently.

"First you are going to eat me." My legs straddled her head as I offered her my cunt. Her tongue darted in as I leant forward to lie on her, my fingers busy with her clit. Bending, I let my tongue take over and moved my hand under her thigh so that I had direct access to her cunt. Sliding two fingers into her warm, creamy hole she moaned loudly and took her tongue from my cunt.

"Oh god, let me cum, please let me cum," she begged.

"Lick my cunt," I ordered, and a few seconds later I felt her tongue dip back inside me. I pulled my fingers slowly from her cunt and flicked her clit rapidly with my tongue. She moaned and bucked until I stopped and pulled away. 

Her voice was almost a sob. "Oh god, please, please don't stop. Please, I need to cum, let me cum."

I raised myself into a sitting position. "Keep eating baby, don't stop, don't cum." I gently circled her clit with my thumb as I fucked her tongue, knowing the torment she was going through was driving me on.

"Almost there baby. Don't stop honey, I'm cumming baby. OH FUCK!" A shudder went through me and I came, hard and deep, her need temporarily forgotten as she lapped from my cunt. My hand left her clit as my orgasm continued shuddering through me, losing control of my body, my arms and hands looking for purchase.

Panting hard, my orgasm passed and I turned my attentions to her once more. Still tied and splayed, she lay, waiting for me. I moved from my straddled position and bent to kiss her, my lips about to touch hers as she whispered.

"Please, I want to cum." Her expression full of need, her eyes giving away every emotion as she pleaded. I bent and kissed her.

"Wait baby, almost there." I moved down her body quickly, not wanting to prolong it any longer for her. Climbing between her legs, I bent my head, my hands went to her cunt and pulled her lips apart. As I put my mouth to her, I looked up her body.

"Now, cum for me."

I sucked her clit between my lips and flicked it with the tip of my tongue once more. She screamed and bucked against the restraints, the bed moving with her efforts as her orgasm overtook her. Her cunt contracted and she let go a long burst of cum squirt from her cunt and into my mouth. It hit the back of my throat, almost choking me and I swallowed quickly, my mouth enveloping as much of her beautiful wet cunt as I could. She continued to convulse as I drank her cum and tongue fucked her cunt, her screams turning to moans, panting for breath, bolts running through her like lightning.

I kissed her cunt, gently, tenderly, her body calming slowly. Kissing down her thigh I made my way to her ankles, untying them one at a time, kissing the red marks the straps has left, evidence of her need to break free. She raised her knees and drew them together, trying to protect herself from further assault.

I crawled up the bed and undid the cuffs that held her, the raw marks on her wrists made me wince and feel guilty. I hadn't meant to hurt her. She pulled them into her and curled up into a ball. I got off the bed and padded to the wardrobe. Opening it I removed the soft blanket I had seen earlier and walked back to the bed. Clambering back on, I shook it out and threw it over us both.

She turned to me and kissed me.

"You bitch," she said as she moved in close.

I laughed gently and she put her head on my breast as I put my arms around her and gathered her in.

"I didn't mean to hurt you," I whispered.

"Do you hear me complaining?" she said into my breast, her voice sounding sleepy.

"No, I don't but I am sorry anyway," I murmured.

I kissed the top of her head and lay listening to her breathe, slowing as she fell asleep, I shut my eyes and drifted off, my beautiful lover in my arms.

I woke again just as dawn was breaking, a moan leaving me involuntarily as a tongue flicked across one nipple and gently, my lover planting small kisses across my breast, her hand moving across my belly and up to pay attention to my other nipple.

I arched my back, pushing my breasts towards her as she tenderly ran her fingers over me from my nipple, down over my stomach and over my thighs making me shiver. The frantic passion of earlier forgotten, I breathed her in deeply, she smelt of warmth and sex, instantly making me wet once more. I moved my legs and felt my cunt lips slide, her hands continuing to play over my skin. She looked up.

"Hello you.," she whispered.

"Hello yourself," I said back "I REALLY need to go and pee, don't move ok?"

"I will be here when you get back," she smiled as I got up off the bed and made my way to the bathroom.

I came back and clambered onto the bed again.

"They didn't make these for short people did they?" I grumbled. 

She giggled and held out her hand as I pulled myself onto the bed and she moved back next to me.

Sighing she snuggled up and her hands started their wanderings again. Over my breasts, my shoulders and across the tops of my arms, down my torso, over my belly, tracing whorls, making me shiver. Moving onto one elbow she bent her head to place small kisses on my skin, adding to the shivers already going through me.
