 The horn let out a mighty yell signaling the start of our eight day new years cruise. It was the last Sunday of the millennium and I had just set out on a New Years adventure. I stood at the railing of the big cruise ship and waived goodbye to my husband of eight years. He was supposed to be on the ship with me, but he had to fly back to Boston. Long after we were committed to the week long vacation his company informed him he would have to work right through January first. I was disappointed to say the least especially since the final date to get a refund had passed. 

Jim was disappointed as well but rather than just throw away three thousand dollars he told me I should go anyway. Just because he couldn’t go on the cruise did not mean I could not enjoy myself. He told me to bring one of my friends in his place and to have a good time. I wondered who I should invite to go along with me. My choices were relatively slim considering the late date, and the limited number of my friends who were still single. I went down the list one by one, and each person I asked had already made plans. I was starting to think that maybe I should just place an advertisement in the local news paper and sell the trip, but Jim insisted that I keep trying. 

I looked over at the person standing next to me and smiled. Short blonde hair framed a flawless face. The deep blue eyes looked like two Caribbean tidal pools. Broad muscular shoulders led to a narrow waist and then down to powerful legs. This was my guest and roommate for the next eight days and seven nights. 

We had not know one another for a long period of time, only about six months, but in that time we had become friends. We met at the health club in the aerobics class and quickly struck up a conversation. After that first meeting we got together every Tuesday and Thursday after class at the juice bar to talk before heading our separate ways. When I brought up the subject of my cruise, and the predicament I was in, the response was..."Well I am free." followed by nervous laughter. One week later we were standing on the deck of the ship together. 

The big ship slowly pulled away from the dock and we headed down to our cabin to check out the accommodations and get situated. We walked into the cabin and our luggage was waiting for us. With service like this we were bound to have a good time. I grabbed one of my suitcases and began to put items away in the dresser while my roommate did the same on the other side of the queen sized bed. 

"So what do you want to do today?" I asked 

"I figured we could go up on deck and lay out by the pool. We can catch some sun, have a few drinks and just relax until dinner. Then after dinner we can go to the jazz club and get drunk." 

"Sounds like a plan." I replied grabbing a nice yellow two piece bathing suit and heading into the bathroom to change. I walked out of the bathroom and I was greeted with a cat call whistle. I put my hands over my head and spun around to complete the show as my roommate squeezed past me and headed into the bathroom to change. I checked myself in the mirror and tied my long brown hair back making me look much younger than my actual age of 35. My roommate slipped out of the bathroom and I returned the cat call whistle as I thought "My god what a fabulous body." 

The rest of the day was spent just as we planned, and we had a great time at the Jazz club that night. I drank much more than I should have and we staggered back to our room laughing the entire way. Inside the room we both brushed our teeth and washed our faces before slipping on our sleeping attire. We then climbed into bed said good night and drifted off into a deep alcohol induced slumber. 

Some time in the middle of the night I awoke in a daze wondering where I was. I still felt the effects of the alcohol as I pressed back against the warm body spooning up behind me and held the hand hanging just below my breasts. In my semi-intoxicated state it took me a while to realize that the hand that had been gently stroking my bare hip was not my husbands. Suddenly I realized that the body pressed against mine was not my husbands, and it was not a man. It was my friend Tammy and the most shocking part of all was that I was not repulsed. In fact I was intrigued and excited. I felt my nipples stiffen in excitement. I closed my eyes, smiled and drifted back to sleep.

I awoke the next morning at ten o’clock to find Tammy gone. A note on the dresser told me she had gone to breakfast and would be back shortly so I climbed slowly out of bed. My head was pounding as I stumbled to the shower grabbing two aspirin from the dresser on the way. The hot water running over me felt soothing and slowly my head began to clear. I thought back to the night before and in spite of the temperature my nipples again stiffened at the thought of Tammy’s body pressed deliciously against mine. Thirty minutes later I shut off the water and toweled myself off. I walked out of the bathroom naked and when I saw Tammy sitting on the bed reading a book I instinctively put my arms up to cover my chest. 

Tammy smiled at my modesty and averted her eyes in an attempt to make me more comfortable. 

"I’m sorry I thought you would still be at breakfast." I explained. 

"Don’t worry about it, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before, and beside you have nothing to be embarrassed about." 

I smiled nervously and began to dress, reaching into the drawer and grabbing the first thing I saw. What I grabbed was a sexy black one piece bathing suit cut high on the legs and low on the chest. I also grabbed a tee-shirt to wear over the suit in case the sun got too strong up on deck. 

Tammy was wearing an adorable two piece bathing suit with short like bottoms and a vest like top in a deep green. Together we were a stunning couple and every man we passed watched intently with their mouths agape. 

Our second day at sea was similar to the first. We spent the majority of the day by the pool reading and drinking margaritas but said nothing of the previous nights events. We talked through out the day mostly about our childhoods and our relationships with our family. In no time at all it was time to go down and change into our formal dinner clothes. 

Tammy’s outfit was a long blue strapless Dress with a plunging neckline that left her cleavage exposed for all to see. I chose a black sequin dress with a high neck line that clung to my hips and ended midway down my thigh. Once again every man stared as we walked into the dining room and took our seats at the cozy table for two. The conversation flowed easily and in no time at all dinner was over. We decided to go dancing at one of the three dance clubs onboard the ship. 

It was well after midnight when we walked through the door to our cabin. So much for making it an early night so we would be rested for out first day in port. I slipped on a silk night shirt and climbed into bed. Tammy was much more brazen than me, and slipped out of her dress and slid under the covers in just her panties. We said good night and rolled over to go to sleep, but it did not come as easily as it had the night before. In spite of all of the alcohol I had drank that night I could not fall asleep. My mind was spinning and it kept stopping on the same thing. The nearly naked woman lying next to me in the big queen sized bed. I finally rolled over and snuggled up behind Tammy. My arm draped over her hip as I kissed the back of her head. Then I managed to slip off to sleep while erotic images played out in my dreams. 

Our first day in port was wonderful. We shopped in the store in Nassau and had a nice lunch in a quaint restaurant overlooking the water. We finished lunch and Tammy led us to a jewelry story and insisted on buying me a beautiful emerald ring to pay me back for the trip. I told her it was not necessary but she persisted and in the end I could not refuse her. 

That night when we returned to the ship we skipped the formal dinner and instead had a light meal before heading back to our cabin. We were exhausted after the long day of shopping and we shed our clothes and climbed into bed wearing just our panties. We quickly fell asleep while she spooned up behind me and lightly ran her soft hands over bare skin. 

I woke up on the morning of our fourth day at sea in Tammy’s arms. She was facing me and her hair hung forward covering her pretty face. Her arm rested on the curve of my hip and mine was slightly higher up, lying just below her chest. My eyes opened and I leaned forward and kissed her lightly on her forehead causing her to stir. She opened her eyes and I reached up to brush the hair from her eyes. "Good morning sleepy." I said contentedly. 

"Hi," she said while picking her head up and lightly kissing me on the lips. It was the first time we had kissed and it seemed so natural. We both slowly sat up in the bed and as I did I let out a groan while complaining that my back hurt. She climbed across the bed hanging her legs on it either side of me and began to rub my back. It felt wonderful as she rubbed the knots from my muscles. When she finished I offered to return the favor but she said she was hungry and would take a rain check. 

After showering we put our bathing suits on and headed up on deck to sit in the hot tub before grabbing a quick lunch. Then we decided to get changed and go to the casino for a little while. 

Tammy turned out to be one of those lucky people who wins every time she gambles and in just a few hours she was up five hundred dollars. She cashed in her chips and told me she would meet me at the cabin. She also told me to dress to kill, because we would be arriving in port just after dinner and she was taking me out club hopping with her winnings. 

In the cabin I showered and picked out a long tight blue dress cut low in front with a slit up both sides that almost reached the tops of my thighs. The dress was so tight I opted not to wear panties(something I rarely do) to avoid panty lines. 

Tammy hurried in to the cabin and stripped in front of me before quickly jumping in the shower. It was the first time I have seen her completely naked and I found my eyes drawn to the small patch of hair between her legs. She finished up her shower and went to the closet to pick out her outfit. She chose a black silk dress that reached the floor with a single slit up the back. The top was cut very low and the back was completely open showing her taught muscles. She dressed quickly, dried her hair and we scampered to the dinning room for dinner. 

A taxi was waiting for us when we left the ship. Tammy had mad all of the arrangements, but she wouldn’t tell me where we were going or what she had planned. Our first stop was a casino but we were only there about an hour before Tammy grabbed my hand and led me out to a limousine. The limousine brought us to a dance club where we stayed until almost two in the morning when the limousine took us to our final stop. It was a quiet little club called the Raw Oyster located on a cliff overlooking the ocean. We walked in and Tammy took my hand in hers. She led me to a quiet table in the back which had a sign on it which read "reserved". We sat down and ordered some drinks and desert and as I looked around I noticed that all of the couples in the room were the same sex. 

Tammy noticed my expression and reached across the table and lightly rubbed my left hand. I smiled over at her and placed my right hand on top of hers and gave it a gentle squeeze. We sat in silence for a few minutes looking into each others eyes. Tammy spoke first, telling me that she was very happy that I invited her on the trip. "So am I" I replied giving her hand another squeeze. We left the Raw Oyster at five A.M. and the limousine drove us to a beach just as the sun was rising. We took off our shoes and walked hand in hand down the white sandy beach. The orange and purple sky over the bright blue ocean was the perfect backdrop as I stopped walking and pulled Tammy close to me. Our mouths met in a soft wet kiss while my hands explored her smooth skin. We kissed on the beach until the sun was up and then we walked back to the car arm in arm. 

The car ride back to the ship was quiet and I put my head on Tammy’s shoulder and drifted off into a light sleep. I heard Tammy’s soft melodic voice calling my name and I picked up my head and kissed her shoulder and neck before climbing out of the car. 

Back at our cabin we stripped off our clothes and climbed beneath the covers. We cuddled up to each other and kissed before falling asleep. We didn’t wake up that day until dinner time so we dressed and headed to another formal dinner. I ordered the lazyman’s lobster and when butter ran down my chin as I ate Tammy reached across the table with her napkin and dabbed it away. The desert arrived and while we eat a wonderful chocolate soufflé Tammy slipped off her shoe and rubbed her foot against mine. Our eyes were locked together for the entire meal, and I couldn’t wait to be alone with her again. 

We strolled up on deck after dinned and looked at the stars while holding hands. Tammy gave me a soft kiss while listened to the gentle crashing of the ships wake. My eyes were closed and her hand softly stroked my cheek down to my neck and back up to my ear. I let out a soft moan letting her know she was pushing all of the right buttons. We stayed up on deck until early Friday morning talking, kissing and caressing one another. Tammy then led me back to the room where we slept naked together enjoying the feel of our warm bodies pressing against one another. 

We awoke at eleven A.M. on new years eve. This was the moment everyone on the ship was waiting for. The change of the Millennium was upon us. We showered and dressed in our bathing suits. I wore my black one piece again, while Tammy chose a blue two piece that made her eyes look the darkest shade of blue I had ever seen. 

Our day was spent between the pool and the hot tub and we stole as many secret kisses as we could. We walked down to the cabin when we had gotten enough sun for the day and as we walked down an empty corridor I pulled her to me and kissed her. A young couple walked around the corner and saw our embrace, but by that time I didn’t care who saw us together. We reluctantly broke our embrace and walked slowly to our cabin with our fingers entwined. 

For the new years celebration I chose to wear a long black strapless gown with slits up both side and a narrow waistline. To complement the outfit I wore a pearl necklace, pearl earrings, and of course my new emerald ring. Tammy wore an emerald green silk gown. Her gown was sleeveless with a high neck line and cutouts just above her cleavage in front and in back between her shoulder blades. It was contoured to her body perfectly and it also has two high slits up either side. 

The ships new years festivities were spread out through out all of the clubs and bars as well as on deck. We decided to go to a quiet club at the front of the ship after dinner. We took a seat at the back of the room and ordered some drinks. We stayed at the club for an hour and then decided to join the crowds of people up on deck. I left Tammy alone up on the deck when I went up to the bar to freshen our drinks and when I returned she was standing against the railing looking off into the night. I seized the opportunity and stepped behind her wrapping my arms around her waist from behind. She pressed her body into mine while I planted soft kisses on the back of her neck. 

She let out a low moan when I started to kiss her ears and then I whispered into her ear "I want to make love to you." Her head turned and our lips met. I could taste her lipstick as our lips parted and our tongues touched for the first time. She turned around so our breasts pressed together and put her hands on my hips. My arms wrapped around her waist and I pulled her tightly against me. Her body felt delicious covered with soft silk and pressed against me. My lips left hers and moved to her neck and ears kissing and sucking her soft alabaster skin. My hands ran up and down the smooth thin fabric of her dress. I wanted to envelope her, to wrap her in my cocoon and never let her go. Our drinks were forgotten as we kissed and slowly moved our way through the crowd. We walked quickly down to our cabin unable to restrain our desires any longer. 

I opened the cabin door and we tumbled in side kissing and caressing as we made our way to the bed. I pulled her dress up over her head and looked in pure lust at her luscious body. She slipped my dress off and began to kiss the newly exposed skin causing me to moan with desire. My hands caressed her hair while her mouth pleasured my face and neck. Her fingers moved to my breasts and quickly found my nipples. I moaned loudly while she pinched and squeezed the hard brown caps. Slowly she kissed her way down to my sensitive breasts. Her tongue was like magic giving me sensations I never knew of. I felt the beginning of a small tremor begin in my nipples and spreading through my body. Tammy kissed her way down stopping at my navel to kiss and nibble. I could feel the juices begin to over flow my honey pot while her mouth worked it’s magic. 

She knelt between my legs and parted my lips. Her eyes locked on mine as she lowered he mouth to my waiting peach. One lick, two licks..."Oh yes right there" I whispered when her tongue touched the spot. "Oh god yes, right there don’t stop." I said getting louder. My hands cradled her and my fingers twisted her hair. I held her tightly and I exploded as the first of many violent tremors shook my body. My legs quivered as she inserted her fingers in my warm, wet hole. My climax subsided and she kissed her way up my body sensing the hyper-sensitivity of my erect clitoris. She pressed her naked body against mine and kissed me deeply. I could taste my juices on her lips, and I began to lick her lips and face. 

I wanted more. I began to do to her what she had done to me. Kissing her firm breast and nibbling on her swollen nipples. Moving down between her legs I looked intently at her furry mound. I wanted this more than anything. I lowered my mouth to her waiting sex and began to lick. She moaned loudly calling my name. "Oh god yes Cheryl...oh my...ohhhh" She gasped. My fingers spread her lips wide and I licked as deeply as my tongue would go trying to devour every luscious drop. I quickened my assault on her wet honey pot trying desperately to bring her to orgasm. I began to concentrate on her hard clitoris while two fingers pumped rhythmically into her soaking wet hole. 

Her legs began to quiver and her breath came in short gasps. I knew it wouldn’t be long. With my left hand I reached up and began to pinch and squeeze her nipples. That put her over the edge. Her whole body began to shake and she let out a piercing scream. Her hands pulled my face hard against her wet lips as her hips bucked grinding against me. Se yelled "yes" over and over until she stopped and lay motionless for a few moments. Then she reached down and pulled me up along side of her on the bed. We kissed deeply sharing the juices that covered my face. "Are you sure you have never done that before, because you were fantastic." 

"No never, and at this moment the only reason I can think of is that I never had someone as wonderful as you to lead me down this path." 

We continued to make love until the wee hours of the until we fell asleep in each others arms completely exhausted, but thoroughly satisfied. 

I woke up on Saturday morning feeling more content than I had been in years. The sound of water running reassured me that Tammy had not gone far. I climbed out of bed and slipped quietly into the bathroom. I slowly peeled the shower curtain back and looked in at my beautiful lover. I wanted to get in the shower with her, but it was too small for both of us to fit so I had to satisfy myself by leaning in and giving her a tender good morning kiss. 
