 We were so excited. This was going to be the best night in a long time. Amy and I had planned to knock everyone's socks off when we got the party that night. There were 8 of us going to this great Millennium bash. We had decided to get dressed up and really make a nigh of it. When Amy walked into my house I was immediately taken with how beautiful she was. She was dress in a thin top, so thin her nipples showed, and tight sexy pants, and man, she could pull it off. Even my husband was taken with her. 

Amy and I have known each other since college and have been very close friends. It has been a long standing joke that we are 'too' close. Put it this way, Amy and I have a tendency to kiss each other while out - especially if we have been drinking.

On this night we had a fabulous dinner and had started to dance. The drinks were flowing freely and a good time was being had by all. I couldn't help notice when we danced how Amy's nipples hardened as her thin shirt moved against them. The time was quickly approaching midnight so we all move out to the balcony to watch fireworks. As the countdown started bottles of champagne were opened and the excitement built. "Five, four, three, two, one...Happy New Year!!"

I first kissed my husband and then everyone started kissing each other. Amy and I soon found each other and kissed each other tenderly. A guy we didn't know was impressed to see two girls kissing each other and asked us to do it again. We looked at each other and shrugged - why not? We knew we needed to give him a show. She placed her hand on my face and we slowly started kissing again. Soon, I felt her lips part and tasted the sweet champagne on her tongue. As our tongues explored each others mouths I could feel her breathing increase. Slowly I moved my hand to her breast, thinking, this will really get the guys going. She let out a low moan as my fingers found her nipple and I could feel my excitement rise as it hardened with my touch. We pulled away, both startled by how aroused we were. 

We decided o go back in and dance some more. We weren't inside five minutes and Amy made an excuse to go to the restroom. On her way by, she gave me a look that let me know I should follow her. As I entered the restroom she was sitting in a chair directly in front of me. "Did you like that as much as I did?" She asked in a thick, low voice. 

"Yes" I whispered. "I have been alone for so long, I don't remember the last time I have been touched like that. I really enjoy having my breasts touched. I especially like it when my nipples are sucked on" Amy said to me. I replied "would you like me to do that for you?" 

She closed her eyes "Mmm, that would be nice." I kneeled down next to her and slowly caressed her breast through her shirt. She moaned and wiggled in the chair a little. Gently I slid her shirt down and exposed her beautiful breast. I inhaled sharply at the sight of it. I had never touched another woman like this and I was nervous. I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting. I placed my mouth on her nipple and slowly moved my tongue in circles while fondling her other breast with my hand. This whole time we are sitting and a public restroom scared to death someone would walk in. Just as I was going to suck on her other breast we heard someone coming. I quickly helped her put her shirt on and waited patiently until they left. It was so hard, we tried to chat casually but they sexual tension between us was so thick. Finally we were alone again and I resumed sucking on her nipples. 

My mind was racing, how far would this go, should I push it a little farther? I decided to so I moved one hand down her body and made my way to her pussy. I could feel how wet she was through her pants! This was incredible. I stood up and pulled her into a bathroom stall. There I removed her shirt and fully enjoyed the freedom of her breasts. As I sucked and played, I slid my hand down inside her pants, I wanted to make her feel good. I also was very curious what another woman felt like. I had only touched myself. Her clit was swollen and hard, her soft bush was soaked with the wetness of her excitement. I slowly moved my finger over her clit and watched her face light up in ecstasy. I played with her clit until I knew she was so hot. I moved my fingers to fill up her waiting hole. Slowly moving my fingers in and out and massaging her clit with my thumb, she moaned and rocked with pleasure. 

Wow, I was so amazed and turned on I just couldn't stop myself. I pulled her pants down and spread her legs a little farther apart. I squatted down on my knees, not even realizing what I was doing and before I knew it my tongue was tasting her sweet juice. I licked and sucked her clit, teasing her, flicking it with my tongue. I knew she was getting ready to come so I put my fingers back into her pussy and continued to massage her clit with my tongue. I felt so powerful, making her feel this good. She started moaning louder and louder, hips rocking back and forth, slamming into my face. I loved it, the closer she got the more I could taste her sweet pussy juice. Finally she was ready, I pushed my fingers in her harder and rolled her clit between my lips. She bucked and almost screamed, then, collapsed against me. 

I helped her to get dressed and she gave me along deep kiss. "Thank you, that was fabulous. I will repay the favor later" she said. I was looking forward to that - she was staying the night at my house. 

We regained our composure and walked back to the dance floor. "Where have you been for so long?" the guys asked. "Oh, just doing a little girl talk" Amy answered. We both looked at each other and giggled, both thinking about what would happen later. 

Hope you all enjoyed this, comments are welcome.