 "Lose weight."

Beth snorted and pinched the side of Tina's trim thigh. "If you lose weight, you'll disappear, Tinkerbelle." Tina wiggled away from Beth's wandering fingers with a grin. "Think of something else."

"Stop smoking."

Beth laughed out loud at that. Tina hadn't ever smoked in her life. "Listen, princess, if you're not going to take this seriously, I'm going to have to tickle you again."

Tina squealed, grabbing for the covers and pulling them over her tousled blonde head. "No more tickling!" 

"Then tell me honestly..." Beth's hand sneaked under the covers, seeking heat. "What's your New Year's Resolution gonna be?"

Tina's eyes were bright as she peeked over the top of the comforter. "Okay, okay... you really want to know?"

Beth's hand had found the sweet spot she was searching for. The way Tina bit her lip when Beth slipped her fingers up and down in the wetness was both hot and endearing, and she felt her own body respond. 

"I wouldn't have asked, if I didn't want to know, sweetness..." Beth flipped the comforter off in an instant, making Tina squeal again at the shock and pedal back toward the headboard. Beth's hands gripped the blonde woman's thighs and pulled her downward with no effort at all. Tina was tiny, a lightweight, and she could toss her around like a little ragdoll when she wanted to. It was one of the many things Beth loved.

"Ohhhh god," Tina wiggled and spread as Beth's probing fingers and tongue found their way past her soft, smooth lips and into the pink folds inside. "I can't think when you're doing that, baby."

Beth fastened her mouth over the tender, swollen bud of Tina's clit. Her flesh was incredibly responsive, and Beth knew that in just a few moments time, she could bring the little blonde to a hard, quick orgasm. Tina's hips were already beginning to move against her tongue. Instead, Beth pulled back and grinned. "Well, in that case, I'll just stop until—"

"Nooooo!" Tina wailed, grabbing Beth's dark head and pressing her between her thighs. "Please, please..."

"Then tell me." Beth's tongue flicked back and forth, barely touching the woman's clit. "What's your New Year's Resolution gonna be? I told you mine, it's only fair..."

Tina groaned, reaching down and spreading her lips with her fingers, rubbing her own clit. "I can't... tell... you..." She was making fast circles, her breath coming in short, hard pants. 

"Ha!" Beth snatched the blonde's hand away from her pussy, wiggling herself between Tina's thighs and pressing her full, round breasts against Tina's mound. "You better tell... I swear, I'll tickle you again until you can't breathe!" Beth's fingers inched their way up Tina's sides and she squirmed, begging.

"No, no, no tickling!" Tina gasped and wiggled and Beth shivered as her nipples brushed through the slick wetness between Tina's thighs. "Okay, I'll tell you..."

With a satisfied smile, Beth kissed her way down Tina's smooth, flat belly, her eyes moving over the blonde's face, those sweet, delicate features twisted in pleasure as Beth began licking again. Tina moaned, rocking her hips up and down, her fingers twisting and tugging at her own little nipples, the pink flesh turning red with her attention.

"Oh yes!" Tina spread wide when Beth's fingers found her, slipping deep inside. "You know I love that..."

Beth did. Her fingers curled inside, seeking that sweet, sensitive spot and rubbing there, again and again. She loved watching Tina wiggle and squirm and moan under her mouth and fingers. There couldn't be anything better in the world. 

"My new year's resolution..." Tina gasped, her thighs trembling as she pulled them back to give Beth more room, deeper access. "Oh fuck, baby... please..."

Beth tried not to grin, but she couldn't help it as she flicked her tongue back and forth over that sensitive little clit. Tina's nails were digging into the soft flesh on the sides of her knees, making crescent shapes there as she rocked against Beth's mouth.

"Tell me," Beth urged, taking only a moment to say the words and then focusing again on the woman's clit, her fingers working hard inside, against the smooth walls of the little blonde's pussy. 

"Oooooo baby!" Tina's whole body was quivering. "Make me come first, and then I'll tell you! Please!" 

"You promise?" Beth's tongue pressed faster, harder, looking up into Tina's flushed face.

"Oh I promise!" she gasped, trembling with her longing. "Yes, yes, I promise, please! Make me come, oh baby, make me—"

There was no stopping it now. Tina quivered with her climax, one hand pressing Beth's dark head between her legs, the other rubbing hot, delicious friction over her nipple as she shuddered and bucked on the bed. Beth drank her in, swallowing the hot flood of her juices, thicker and more copious as she came and came into her waiting mouth. 

"Oh god." Tina's knees fell open, like spreading angel's wings, and she threw an arm over her eyes. "You're so good to me, I can't stand it."

"You promised," Beth reminded, her fingers walking up the sensitive, ticklish expanse of Tina's ribs, making the blonde whimper.

"Okay, okay!" Tina peeked out from under her arm and bit her lip. "I'll tell you."

Beth waited, her fingertips drumming over Tina's ribcage, making her jump. 

"My new year's resolution..." Tina took a deep breath and said it quickly, as if she were trying to get it out as fast as possible. "Is to buy a strap-on and fuck you with it." 

Beth's eyes widened and her heart lurched in her chest. "What?!"

Rolling to her belly, Tina hid her flushed cheeks against the cool surface of the pillow. "I told you I couldn't tell you! I knew you'd be mad!"

Beth's fingers moved over the soft flesh of Tina's behind, kneading there. She smiled and pressed her lips there. "I'm not mad."

Glancing hesitantly over her shoulder, Tina's eyes narrowed. "You're not?"

"No." Beth grinned as she eased past the shock of it, feeling her own pussy quivering at the thought. "In fact... I think we should go shopping."

Tina's eyes widened then, a hint of a smile on her lips. "We should?"

Beth stood and stretched, reaching for her t-shirt. "Get up and get dressed. We're going to the toy store."

The blonde's eyes were stunned, her jaw open, but not working. 

"Hurry up." Beth grinned. "Before I tickle you again."

That got Tina moving, and they both quickly dressed, the silence between them full of tingling anticipation.

* * * *

Beth shuddered as Tina held up a life-like dildo modeled after some male porn star. "You're not getting that thing anywhere near my cooch, girlie."

Tina giggled, waving it back and forth. "Come on... it's even got realistic balls!"

"Good, then I can kick them." Beth grimaced. "Put it back."

Tina put it back with the rest of the toy display with a sigh. "We're never going to find anything at this rate."

"Hey!" Beth edged over to the next aisle where several leather harnesses hung from hooks. "Now we're talking..."

Tina followed her, eyeing the thick straps. "Yeah. I can see myself strapping on one of these."

Beth's eyes gleamed. "So can I... damn, you'd look hot in this..." She lifted a leather harness and held it out in front of Tina's slim hips. 

"You can try it on, if you want."

Both women jumped and whirled to face the guy who had moved in behind them. He was an older man with a salt and pepper beard, and he was wearing a name tag that said: "Ron" below the "Sexy Stuff" logo. 

Beth blushed and blinked at him, quickly putting the harness back. "Oh, no. Thanks anyway."

Tina grinned. "Actually, do you have something that's fun for both the strap-on and the, uh, strap-ee?"

Ron smiled. "I sure do. Come this way." 

Beth snapped the elastic of Tina's skirt as she passed, making a face at her, but Tina stuck her tongue out, following Ron around the corner. Beth sighed, reluctantly following. Walking into a sex toy shop took enough courage for her, but talking about toys in front of someone—a man, no less! That was too much. 

"This one is nice, because it has a vibrating egg inside that's designed to stimulate the external genital area of the female wearer." Ron held up a black strap on with a large black dildo attached. Beth hid behind Tina, wincing as the blonde took the strap-on from the man and inspected it. "You can try it on if you like. We have a dressing room in back. For toys, we ask that you wear a pair of disposable panties that we provide, of course, and please, no penetration."

Beth could feel her face burning. She was all about being the dominant one in the bedroom, but as far as she was concerned, sex was private, and should be kept that way. They'd always argued about getting a strap-on, because while Beth wanted to order one via the Internet, Tina insisted that they had to see and feel the merchandise. Now Beth had finally relented, and she was face-to-face with a man talking to them about the "external genital area of the female!"

"I want to try it on." Tina grinned over her shoulder at Beth. "Lead on, Ron... where's that dressing room?"

Inwardly, Beth groaned, but she followed them both toward the back of the store. Ron took a key off his belt and unlocked a dressing room door. 

"There are disposable panties there, in those dispensers." He nodded toward the container on the wall. "Just let me know when you're through, or if you'd like to try something else. I can always get it for you."

Tina thanked him, pulling Beth into the cubicle and shutting the door behind them. Beth sank onto the bench, covering her eyes with her hands as Tina pulled a pair of panties out of the dispenser. They were wrapped in plastic, and she tore the wrapper eagerly with her teeth. 

"This is so embarrassing." Beth whispered, glancing toward the door, as if she were sure Ron was just on the other side, listening. 

Tina grinned, kicking off her shoes. "You're cute when your cheeks are all red like that."

"Brat." Beth's hand came down on Tina's behind as the blonde pulled her skirt and panties off. "We're alone now, you know."

"I know." Tina put her foot up on the bench beside Beth and spread her smooth pussy lips, showing her girlfriend pink. Beth's eyes brightened and she leaned in to kiss Tina's exposed clit, making her squirm and sigh. "Gotta get these panties on."

"Very fashionable," Beth remarked, licking her lips, loving the taste of pussy in her mouth and throat as she swallowed. Tina pulled the thin, stretchable mesh panties on. "I assume those are one-size-fits-all or something?"

"Probably." Tina stretched the material way out in front of her taut, flat belly. "These would fit a pregnant woman!" 

Beth fingered the leather straps of the strap-on and murmured, "This is sexy as hell." 

Tina's eyes brightened. "I know. Put it on me." 

Beth helped her with the straps, snapping and buckling them in place and pulling them taut. Tina stood in front of the mirror and wrapped her hand around the big, black cock, stroking it up and down the shaft. Beth bit her lip, watching, feeling her pussy responding to the sight of her girlfriend with leather straps across her hips and a huge dildo between her legs. 

"Like it?" Tina's voice was husky as she met Beth's eyes in the mirror. Beth just nodded, swallowing hard as Tina pulled her t-shirt off, so that she was completely naked except for the strap-on and mesh panties. "How about now?"

"Fuck, baby!" Beth breathed, her hand pressing between her legs over the crotch of her jeans. 

"Yeah." Tina's hips swayed as she came forward, pressing the black cock to Beth's lips. "I am... I'm gonna fuck you so good and hard..." Beth groaned, licking and sucking the head of the dildo, her eyes on her girlfriend's face. Tina smiled. "Play with yourself, baby. I want to watch." 

Beth unsnapped and unzipped, wiggling her jeans and panties down her hips to her knees. Her pussy—just as smooth as soft as Tina's, they shaved each other every other day—was soaking wet and her fingers sank easily into her flesh. 

"Think this thing has batteries?" Tina mused, searching for and finding the "on" switch. The vibrating egg between her legs began to hum and she gasped, her eyes half-closing in pleasure. "Ohhh yes... batteries included... thank god!"

Beth groaned around the shaft of the dildo as Tina's hips rocked, pressing the head of the cock deeper into her throat. Her clit was throbbing and she rubbed it in fast circles as Tina fucked her mouth. 

"That feels so gooooood, baby," Tina moaned, rolling her hips as she pressed forward. Beth knew that the vibrating egg was rubbing right against the blonde's clit through the disposable panties, and that the harder she pressed, the better it felt. "God, I can't wait to fuck you with this big cock..."

Beth groaned, rubbing faster, her pussy on fire. She moved the cock around and around in her mouth, pressing back hard, making Tina gasp and squirm. The rocking motion was rubbing the little egg over and over Tina's sensitive clit, and she tugged hard at her nipples.

"Oh god, oh god," Tina whispered. "I'm gonna come, baby!" Beth couldn't respond with the cock in her mouth, and she couldn't have, anyway, because she was coming, too, her mouth clamping down hard around the cock in her throat, her pussy rhythmically squeezing her own plunging fingers. Tina shuddered and arched, her hands on her hips, thrusting the big, black cock she was wearing deep into her girlfriend's mouth as she came, as if with every thrust, she was filling her with something.

When the knock came at the door, both women jumped and scrambled for their clothes, blushing furiously. "Ladies? Can I get you anything?"

"Thanks, Ron!" Tina called, tossing the disposable panties in the trash and pulling her clothes on. Beth snapped and zipped her jeans, her face flushed.  Tina quickly wiped the saliva off the dildo and she opened the door a crack to see the man smiling knowingly through the opening. "You know what... we'll take it!"

* * * *

"I didn't realize it was so damned big!" Beth gasped, wincing as Tina edged the huge black cock between her slick pussy lips. 

"Hold still!" Tina insisted, giving Beth's ass a slap and making her yelp.

"Hey!" Beth snorted, glancing over her shoulder at her girlfriend. "Who died and made you boss?"

"Seems to me, the boss is the wearer of the strap-on." Tina grinned, pressing her hips forward. Beth gasped as the dildo stretched her wide, sinking deep into her flesh. 

"You brat!" Beth squirmed, gripping the sheet in both fits. "God damn, that thing is fucking huge!"

"I know." Tina pulled back and out, slapping the dildo against her girlfriend's ass. "I like have a nice big cock to fuck you with."

"I'm starting to regret this New Year's Resolution business," Beth grumbled as Tina slid the cock head through her slit again, up and down. 

"Awww, don't be like that." Tina wiggled the tip against Beth's clit, back and forth. "Give it a chance. I think you're going to like it."

"You keep saying that..." Beth murmured, arching back as Tina rubbed her pussy with the hard cock. It tickled her sensitive clit, back and forth, round and round, making her squirm for more. 

"I promise..." Tina turned on the vibrating egg and the dildo vibrated a little too, making Beth moan softly and spread wider. "You're gonna like it, baby." 

"I do like that," Beth gasped as Tina rocked the cock back and forth through her slit. "We could do that all day..."

"Rub your clit for me," Tina urged, easing back. Beth's fingers searched out her throbbing clit and made little circles there. "Does that feel good?"

"Mmmm..." Beth wiggled and arched, rubbing faster. 

"Don't stop." Tina aimed the cock, attached around her hips with leather straps, and thrust. Beth groaned, but she didn't stop touching herself. The thick black cock eased her open inch by inch and Tina pressed forward until she felt resistance. 

Beth felt the vibration of the egg all the way through the shaft of the dildo as Tina began to rock, fucking her slowly. Tina's thumbs kneaded the flesh of her ass, opening her up further with the motion. Beth's fingers rubbed faster and faster, her clit aching. 

"How's that, baby?" Tina gasped, thrusting in and out, a little faster now. "Is that good?"

Biting her lip, Beth pressed her cheek to the sheet, which arched her back even further, pushing the cock deeper. Tina's silky thighs brushed hers with every thrust. She didn't want to admit it, but it felt incredible! The dildo opened her wide, sinking deep into her flesh with every pass. 

"Oh god!" Tina moaned. "Your pussy is so gorgeous... you should see this cock fucking your hot little hole..."

Beth moaned, too, her clit like a thick pulse under her fingers. She was so close to coming that her whole body was trembling with it. Tina thrust faster, her hips rocking and her breath coming in short pants. Her thumbs rubbed Beth's ass, working inward until she was massaging around her tight little asshole. 

"What are you doing?" Beth wiggled and squirmed, moaning. 

"Feel good?" Tina's finger pressed the little rosebud hole, massaging around and around. "It's so tight. Maybe I'll fuck you there, next."

Beth startled at the thought, but her pussy throbbed in response. "Oh god..." her voice was a low growl, her back arching. "Ohhh fuck, baby, make me come all over that big, fat dick!" 

That did it for both of them. Tina made a low noise in her throat as she bucked up against Beth's shuddering ass. They came together, Tina's finger slipping into Beth's ass and wiggling there, sending extra waves of pleasure through them both. Beth eased forward, the cock slipping out of her pussy, and she rolled over to smile at her girlfriend. 

"Here." Tina eased herself over Beth, straddling her chest. "Lick it."

Beth did, sucking and licking her own juices off the thick end. 

Tina watched, her eyes bright, easing the cock a little further into Beth's mouth. "That was so fucking hot."

"Especially when you put your finger in my ass," Beth murmured, licking up the shaft. 

Her eyes brightened and Tina smiled. "You liked that, huh?"

Beth nodded, reaching under the dildo to press her hand to Tina's mound, making her shiver. "Yeah... a lot."

"Well then... maybe next time, I'll put that big black cock in your ass." Tina grinned.

Beth pressed the vibrating egg hard against Tina's pussy and grinned back. "Promises, promises."

"Not a promise... a resolution."

Beth leaned in to kiss her. "I love your resolve."

-------

>^,,^<

Now, on to other things... You know, kitties love being petted, so don't hesitate to leave feedback! If you enjoyed this story, please take a moment to vote and check out my other stories, here and elsewhere, if this one appealed to you. Thanks for reading!

*~Selena~* 