 I hadn't been expecting it - not at all.

I'd realized a while before that I was bi. I mean, girls turned me on so much - the way they moved, the sight of their breasts, the way they cross their legs so much when they're horny but don't want to let anyone know it... But guys turned me on just as much, so I figured I was bi.

She was older than me, but still just a teen. The New Year's party had been really fun, especially when it was time to kiss. We just kind of passed each other around the room kissing and making out (depending on how well you knew the person) for all of ten minutes. Geraldine had her boyfriend James there, so I was surprised when, instead of passing me on, she kissed me long and deep in front of everyone there. I kissed her back, because God she'd been making me horny all night. She had this way of dancing where she swayed her little hips and jiggled her c cup breasts just a little that drove me crazy.

But it was just a kiss. Nothing really happened until later.

It was really late and the party had wound down. I didn't think anyone other than me was awake, so I was sitting on the porch having a smoke and thinking about that kiss. Like she'd been summoned from my daydreams, Geraldine chose that moment to walk out onto the deck and ask to share my smoke. We just started talking and talking, and I kept thinking about her beautiful breasts and the way her nipples arched because of the cold. I could feel my pussy getting wet just talking to her. I knew she was getting just as horny.

Not surprisingly, the conversation turned to sex. I admitted I was a little upset because I'd wanted to have some sex at the party tonight, because I was single now and a bit bored.

Geraldine laughed, "Well, I don't blame you for abstaining. There's only three people here tonight that I would ever dream of having sex with."

I had to know. "Which three?"

She laughed again, a bit nervously, but didn't shift her eyes away from my heavy glance. "Well, James obviously. And I hear that Kris has the biggest cock you've ever seen - plus he's inventive." She licked her lips.

"Who else?" I asked, trying to sound nonchalant.

She just laughed and shook her head.

James came outside then, and asked Geraldine if he could talk to her. Just as she was slipping lithely inside, I asked again, "Who?"

She winked at me and whispered, "You."

I took a chance. "Then why don't we?"

She blinked and looked a little startled, but James called her again and then she was gone.

I watched them walk into one of the bedrooms, and knew I wasn't going to go to sleep tonight. I was so horny my pussy was painfully tight and very obviously wet. I smoked another cigarette to try to calm down, but I couldn't. I wanted her so badly.

A few hours of sexual frustration later, I was lying down in my sleeping bag on the living room floor. The room was full of people, but most of them were asleep already. Still, I felt nervous as my fingers gingerly touched my throbbing clit. I just couldn't help it, damn it! I was so worked up already.

I could feel the heat of my pussy as my thighs tightened in frustration. My fingers reached a little farther until I could slip one slowly into my soaking wet hole. I almost came then and there, but instead I slowly began moving it in and out, rubbing my clit gently with the knuckle of my other finger. I bit my lips around a moan. I needed it so badly.

"Alice?"

I froze at the sound of Geraldine's voice calling my name quietly. Quickly, I sat up.

"Yes?"

She walked lightly over to me, her face hidden in shadow. "I was wondering if you could do me a favour."

Oh god, anything. "Sure, what?"

She laughed a bit. "It's just that... well, Kelsey told me you give really good backrubs and I'm totally stiff and can't sleep. Do you think you could...?"

"Sure," I answered.

She knelt in front of me, so close that her ass grazed my breasts lightly. The sensation tingled along my bones and I knew, then and there, that I had to have her. Just for tonight.

I did give good massages - I had very strong fingers. Her gentle moan of pleasure as I began to rub my practiced hands along her shoulders and neck was genuine and I felt a tremour of excitement. Her nightgown was thin and practically transparent, allowing me to see every inch of her back even in the dim light. I probed gently along her muscles with my fingers, smiling in delight every time a gentle sigh escaped her. This was intimate and sexy in a way I'd never felt with men and I was excited by her intoxicating feminine presence. There was something so taboo about it, something so wrong about doing even this in a room full of sleeping people that I began to get so horny I could barely stand it.

The only thing that kept my sane was the knowledge that Geraldine was even more turned on than I was. I'd moved from her neck to her shoulders, but I decided to be a bit more explicit.

Slowly, slowly, I began to move my hands farther down her back, all the while probing into her skin and exploring the muscles. I ran slow, seductive fingertips along her spine, shivering in excitement when she bit her lips to stifle a sound. Bolder, I began to massage the middle of her back, letting my fingers brush against the sensitive sides of her breasts. She pressed back against me, her head blindly searching, moving as her lips tried desperately to find mine. I moved my hands back up to her shoulders, pressing my breasts against her back and slowly moving them up and down. She gasped and I quickly covered any cry with my mouth and tongue. She kissed me furiously, passionately, until my head was spinning and I knew only one thing: I had to get her alone. I was still half-drunk and so furiously horny that I had to have her.

Even in that state, however, I knew that sex in a room full of uninventive, unsexy people wouldn't do. I broke away from her amazing kiss to whisper in her ear, "The bedroom." Helplessly, she nodded agreement and helped me stand. We walked together away from everyone else, into the mercifully empty master suite.

She paused. "James is next door."

I had forgotten completely about her boyfriend, but right now I didn't care. I brushed a hand against her nipple, pretending to only be pushing my hair back. "Does it matter?" I whispered against her hot skin.

"No," she breathed, "oh god no."

We kissed again, gently at first, but my insistent tongue parted her waiting lips without a thought. I loved the taste of her, the sullen spiciness of her mouth and the faint taste of cum from the blowjob she'd given her boyfriend earlier. I wanted her more and more with each passing second, but I decided I would get her worked up before I took her completely.

"I wasn't done with your backrub," I whispered in her ear, nibbling gently on her lobe. I put my hands on her shoulders and softly pushed her down to a kneeling position. I knelt behind her, opening my legs wide so that my knees were on either side of her. I pressed my hot pussy against her ass and my large breasts against her back, feeling her tense with excitement. I put my hands back up on her shoulders, even though it was an awkward angle, and began massaging her muscles again, exploring in a chaste way along her neck and shoulders. As she gave another sigh, I started rubbing my wet pussy against her back in time to my fingers digging into her flesh. I could feel her stiffen as my cunt banged lightly and rhythmically against her thinly-covered flesh. I was almost dizzy with her horniness, with how much the little slut wanted me. I added my breasts to the motion, going up on my knees and slowly rubbing myself down her back. At that time, I notice her hands rubbing my thighs on either side of her own legs and her stomach and upper legs clenching and unclenching to the same rhythm I had going. In, out. Tight, loosen. Like she was fucking an imaginary cock.

The thought of that turned me on so much that I slowly, surely, let my hands run from her back forwards to her shoulders, and then softly, gently, down to the tips of her breasts. I massaged them outside her shirt, feeling their tense, erect nipples, wondering what it would be like to taste them, and rubbing my sopping clit all the while up and down her hard ass. She moaned again as I loosened her beautiful breasts from the confinement of her bra. Her soft buckings against the air were getting more and more frantic, her body beginning to be more and more turned on by the insistence of mine. She trapped my lips once more in a fiercely erotic kiss that sent shivers all through me. Teasing her was no longer a priority. The only thing that mattered to me was cumming.

She turned in my arms, stretching out her legs so that my pounding pussy found her wet cunt now. Our breasts rubbed together, nipples brushing as we kissed in the most devastatingly sexual way I'd ever felt. Her tongue was making me wild and the feel of her pussy against mine was almost too much to bear. I wanted to taste her more than anything.

"Lie down," I whispered, breaking my lips from her kiss. Slowly, her eyes dazed and glassy, she did - opening her pussy provocatively. She moaned as I slipped her panties off in one deft motion, adding mine an instant later. I moved back to her instantly, gripping her mouth and sucking her tongue while our bare wet pussies rubbed against each other desperately. I slid my hand down her hard body and to her wet, hot bush. She kissed me harder as my fingers started rubbing against her hard clit. I teased along the edges of her hole, forcing her to buck against my hand.

"Please," she whispered, her hips frantic. "Fuck me. Fuck me."

"Are you hot for me?" I asked, biting her lip and brushing her clit.

"Yes, oh God I'm hot. Fuck me. Fuck me please. I'm wet, I'm so wet."

I smiled and kissed her throat, her breasts, lingering a little on her nipple, biting, nipping, until her pussy brushed up against my hand frantically. I continued down, trailing kisses and little nips down her hot, straining body. Finally, her pussy lay under my tongue, waiting and burning hot, thrusting against my mouth.

"You're so hot," I whispered, pressing my thumb on her pulsing clit. "So hot."

Impatient and horny, her hand wrapped around my head, guiding me down. As my tongue touched her sensitive skin, she moaned and pressed her hips against me. "Harder," she whispered, her hand urging me into that luscious pussy. I licked faster, deeper, edging my tongue around her soaking clit. "Harder," she said again, her body arching into my mouth. "Put your finger in me, fuck me with your finger."

Her hips rose and fell in time to my tongue and slowly, I put two fingers into her straining cunt. She moaned again, pressing my face deeper still. "That's good," she whispered. "Fuck me, fuck me with your fingers. I want it harder. Harder!"

The last cry was too much for me. I ravaged her with my mouth, sucking and licking and biting until I didn't know anything anything existed other than her hot pussy and my desperate mouth. My fingers pounded into her mercilessly, sliding in and out effortlessly of her wet hole. She cried out, arching against me while her whole body tensed. "I'm cumming, oh God, I'm cumming!" For a long, hot moment, every muscle in her body strained towards me and then she relaxed, dazed and satisfied.

She brought my face up to hers and kissed me passionately, sucking her juices off my lips. "Oh God," she whispered, "I've never felt anything like that in my entire - "

The door behind us opened with a shattering of reality. We both looked up guiltily as Geraldine's boyfriend, James, stood in the doorway. "What the hell is going on here?" he demanded.