 Everyone in this story is 18 years or older. Please enjoy :)

Asyncronous

*****

"Ellie!? Are you awake?" It was Nora. Nora was my teacher's assistant.

"Yeah. Sorry. Long night of fighting with Casey. I didn't get much sleep." I said waking up from my small nap in the teacher's lounge. It had been lunch time for the school so I went to the teacher's lounge to grade some papers, but I ended up falling asleep instead.

"Oh. I wish you had someone like Terry..." Nora said before I cut her off.

"What time is it?" I questioned her.

"Almost 12:30" Nora said.

'Crap." I said. 12:30 meant that the kids were already in my classroom waiting to be taught.

"Yeah I told your kids that you were in the bathroom." Nora said chuckling a little. Thank god this woman was a saint.

"Thanks." I said rushing out the door to my classroom to finishing up the day of school. The rest of the day was relatively boring and even more tiresome than arguing with Casey. You see Casey and I have been having a rocky relationship recently because of one thing: sex. Now, I like sex as much as the next girl. But recently I've been in this slump where I didn't necessarily want to have sex all the time. Plus I have been busy so things were lacking in the sex department for Casey. I've attempted to make things better for Casey by doing some extra special things like more blowjobs and I even attempted anal once, but we won't discuss the anal part because that was a disaster.

Honestly though, sex became boring to me. Something that was once a wonderful activity has become more or less a chore. I guess I just lost my interest in it. Less sex led to an even more turbulent relationship with Casey. Casey's relationship with me has always been a slippery slope. He was a great guy...sometimes...but mostly he was what most call him: a douchebag. He cared less about me and more about the sex he was getting. He didn't ever do anything special for me. He never once went down on me, ever. Outside of the bedroom talk he was generally an asshole to people, except his buddies who were always over drinking with him at the house. Which that's another thing, Casey was a drinker. He wasn't a physical abuser but he liked to degrade me when he got drunk.

I've honestly contemplated many times why I stuck around with Casey, but I haven't figured it out yet. Everytime we fight and breakup we get back together. It's not like I would have trouble getting a new boyfriend. I'm cute. Cute as in 4'11", 110 lbs cute. I have wonderful shoulder length red hair, hazel eyes and some light freckles. Guys always mention how cute I look, and honestly the only thing I would change about my appearance is my height. When I go to the club or a bar or something, I'm always getting carded because I look like a teenager. Some even have called the police or turned me away because they thought my ID was fake. Another thing that guys have commented on were my breasts. For my size I have relatively large breasts, 30Cs to be exact. At 35 I still looked like I was in my twenties.

Casey on the other hand looked like a Greek god. Young, tall, and muscular. Plus he had a large dick. He would be an absolute catch if he wasn't such an asshole at times. But I've had to fend off a lot of girls when we go to the club together. I remember one time where Casey was flirting with 2 other girls and I came over and tried to tell them that they were at a loss because he was mine, but he was trying to get these 2 girls to have a foursome with me and him. I called him an ass and left. The next day we were back together.

Casey has one good thing going for him though. The man had a silver tongue. He could talk his way into and out of anything he wanted. I'm still in shock that he works part time as the second janitor at my school and not working in a more powerful position.

Normally after school I would stay for a bit to grade papers but today was different. I had to get home and make sure everything was copasetic with me and Casey before his buddies came over for their poker game. I knew that if I didn't do it now I would have a worse time with it later because of him drinking. His buddies being around always seem to spark ideas in his mind where I'm the target of his degradation.

When I finally got home I could hear his buddies in the living room as I was coming through the door. Shit. Figures they'd be early. I walked into the living room and asked Casey if I could speak to him and pulled him into the kitchen.

"Look. I'm sorry about last night." I said breaking the awkward silence.

"It's fine." He slurred. Welp there goes my night. He was drunk. Great.

"Are you drunk?" I questioned furiously. I was pissed. This meant my night was going to suck. Plus I would have to try and block out his obnoxiousness while trying to grade papers.

"Yeah! Wanna join the party?! Shirts are optional" He said slurring his words.

"No." I said insistently. 

"Oh come on. Join in on the fun." He said. Just then I got an idea.

"No, I have to go to Nora's to help her with some grading." I said lying. Normally all grading was done by me. However in this situation the grading can be done by me and Nora.

I ran upstairs and jumped in the shower. As I was showering I started soaping myself up and I realized that I was getting super turned on by this. I proceeded to run my hands down my stomach, down into my pussy and began rubbing crotch lightly. I let out a soft moan and began to rub faster. I slipped my fingers into my sopping pussy and twiddled with my clit as I began pistoning my fingers in and out of my snatch. I started moaning more and more. It's been a long time since I came hard and I could feel myself getting close to a big orgasm. When I finally reached my peak and began to cum I started moaning loudly. I realized that Casey and his friends were downstairs so I tried to muffle my moans but that still didn't do much in the way of making me quieter.

When I finally finished cumming I turned the shower off and pulled back the curtain to see Casey and his friends in the bathroom. They all began clapping. I could tell that they were all drunk. I pulled the curtain back and screamed for them to get out. When I finally heard the door slam shut and the group of them walking down the stairs, I got out and got dressed.

When I finished dressing I walked downstairs to the group standing in the living room staring at me as I descended. They began clapping again and I proceeded to flee out the door before it got worse. I got into my car and drove to the liquor store. I figured we could use some wine for this evening.

After purchasing the wine and driving to Nora's I walked up to her apartment's door and knocked on it. Nora came out she was crying. I held up the wine bottle and asked to come in for a bit. When we finally made it inside and on the couch I pulled her close and hugged her tight. 

"What's wrong hun?" I asked her comforting her.

"Terry and I broke up" Nora said crying harder.

"Oh I'm sorry hun. I know he was a wonderful guy and you liked him a lot" I said trying to console her. She pushed me away for a second then looked at me confusingly.

"Ellie...There's something I have to tell you" She said sniffling and wiping away her tears.

"Okay but hold on for a second. Do you have any glasses?" I asked her holding up the wine bottle. She nodded and proceeded to walk into her kitchen and grab some. While she was gone I took the moment to look around and get a good look at her apartment. She didn't have much on the walls. Just some pictures of her and another woman, presumably her sister or something. A few minutes later Nora came in and handed me a glass to which I generously filled with wine and then filled Nora's glass.

"Okay so what was it that you wanted to tell me?" I asked her.

"Terry, isn't a male, Terry is a female. My girlfriend to be exact. My girlfriend of 3 years..." She began crying again. At this point I was confused and stunned. I always thought that Terry was a male. I had never thought that he was actually a she.

"Oh..." I replied. Now see I wasn't mortified by this. I had kissed a few women in college but only just to get drinks. I had never went full on lesbian with a woman though. I had always had my reserves on that.

"Oh...You're not okay with that?" She questioned.

"No. Actually to be honest in college I kissed a few woman. Mostly just to get drinks, one actually rubbed me a little bit over my pants and stuff." I said back surprisingly proud of that. Before I had always thought of it as a low point in my life. Nora and I kept talking about how Terry and her broke up. After she finished venting and was feeling a bit better she questioned me about why I was here.

"Well Casey is being a dick with his buddies again and I needed to get away. I don't have many friends so I figured I would stop and see how you were doing...Apparently not so well...but I brought some wine and figured we could hang out for the night." I said.

"Oh I'm sorry." She said and gave me another hug. I pulled her close and hugged her tight once more.

We chatted for hours. After a couple generously filled glasses of wine were in me I began feeling a bit tipsy. I kept thinking about Nora and her girlfriend, who I found out was the other woman in the photos. I kept thinking about what they do in bed, and how all that works out. Finally I got extremely courageous and leaned in and kissed Nora. I explored Nora's mouth and she followed suit by giving me one of the most passionate kisses I've ever had in my life. Until now this was something I never thought a woman could do. We kept kissing for a good 5 minutes when Nora pushed me away and told me that I should go. I questioned her but she said it was late and that I needed to go.

When I finally left and got home Casey's buddies had left and Casey was passed out drunk on the couch. "Good" I thought glad to be sleeping by myself tonight. I crawled up the stairs into the bedroom and plopped down onto my bed. I pulled my clothes off down to my underwear then lay down onto my bed and began thinking about this night. All I could think about was that kiss. It was an amazing kiss. Never in my life had I had a better kiss. I could feel myself getting wet between my legs and knew it was time for another round like earlier.

I slipped my hands into my damp panties and began lightly rubbing myself. When I finally got wet enough I slipped a finger into my pussy and began thumbing my clit while arching my finger in my pussy. I got wetter and wetter and inserted another finger into my slit... and then another. Finally when I felt full I began pumping my fingers in and out of my pussy. All the while I'm doing this I couldn't think of anything but Nora. Nora reaching down and rubbing me like that girl in college did. Nora kissing me. Nora going down on me and licking me. When that thought creeped in my head I came hard. Harder than I ever had in my life. I pulled my hands out of my panties and stuck them in my mouth to clean up the juices. I had never done it before and I've seen people do it before in pornos. I figured eh why not? As I was sucking my fingers dry I kept thinking that this was Nora's juices and it kept making me hornier and hornier again. I was almost ready to go another round when I finally had to pull myself away from doing that again and went to bed.