 June and Melissa work in offices downtown and sometimes on Friday nights, when neither is doing anything else, they have an early dinner in a restaurant and go to June's house for a night of sex. They prefer going there because her bedroom is larger and has a queen size bed giving them plenty of room to really enjoy themselves. Despite their age difference, June being in her mid-thirties and Melissa usually being carded when they order wine with dinner, they are good friends and enjoy each other's company, in bed and out.

Last Friday they met at a good seafood restaurant, expecting to dine and take a cab to June's house. After ordering a bottle of white wine but while still perusing the menu, June called Melissa's attention to another woman. "Did you notice that really pretty woman by the wall over there, with the long blonde hair? She keeps looking at you like she's interested." Straight men or gay women can easily be interested in Melissa because she is a real beauty, with long, red hair, a beautiful face and a terrific figure.

"Yes, I did. She's very pretty, isn't she? And sexy. If she IS interested, do you think she would like to join us tonight?"

"I hope so. Why don't you flirt a little and see what happens? Would I love to get one of those big boobies in my mouth! Not that hers are any better than yours but variety is always nice."

"Okay. Let me know when she's looking this way."

A minute later, "She's looking." 

Melissa looked over at the unknown woman and, after making eye contact, smiled prettily and brushed her hair back. The blonde smiled back and twirled a lock of hair in her finger. Melissa winked at her and the wink was returned. The pretty blonde, knowing she could expect a cordial welcome, got up to join the two friends. She spoke to Melissa first.

"Do you know, you have about the most beautiful hair I have ever seen. Now that I'm closer, I can see that you have about the most beautiful face too."

"Thanks for the compliment," Melissa replied. "But, if you look in the mirror, you'll see hair and a face just as beautiful. A great figure too." 

The blonde, who really did have a great figure and a beautiful face, sat in the chair between the two friends and turned to June. "I hope you don't mind if I join you two ladies. My name is Nicole but my friends call me Nicki. I've been sitting there wondering why men are such bastards."

"Hi. We're pretty friendly so we'll call you Nicki. My name is June and this is Melissa. Surely, not all men are bastards."

"Maybe not, but the guy I'm thinking of is. He stood me up. On Friday night, yet."

"What kind of an idiot would stand up a beauty like you?" Melissa asked. 

"Well, it's his loss," Nicki replied, taking the last sip of the glass of wine she had brought with her. "He's handsome but he never considers a woman's needs, if you know what I mean. Too damn many men are like that. If you don't mind my asking, what are two good-looking women like you doing here together?"

"Well, men are not the only way to go, you know," June replied, refilling Nicki's wine glass from the bottle the waiter had just left. "I know what you mean about men not considering a woman's needs. Women always consider everybody's needs, especially other women's." June also filled her own glass and Melissa's. 

"I know that," Nicki answered. "I understand what you're saying. And while I was sitting there, I was thinking it might be time to expand my horizons again, back to where they were when I was in college." She took a sip of the wine. "Thanks for the wine. Did you order yet? I haven't."

"We were just about to," said Melissa. Why don't you join us for the evening, Nicki, just us three girls? And let's see what happens."

"Don't mind if I do. Let's just see what happens."

The three women ate and drank, ordering another bottle of wine when the first one ran out. June and Melissa had been sitting on opposite sides of the small, square table but both moved as close as they could to their new companion. While they ate, all three chatted about how rotten men could be and how women were so much better in every way. "And I do mean every way," Nicki emphasized. 

As dinner progressed, June or Melissa occasionally laid a hand gently on their new friend's knee or thigh. Nicki giggled and made no objections to these intimacies, not even when June's hand reached under Nicki's skirt almost to her panties. "You guys are great," she said. We're going to have fun tonight."

After dinner all three women, slightly tipsy from more than the usual amount of wine, but far from being drunk, piled into the back seat of a taxi, with Nicki in the middle. After giving directions, June leaned back and slipped her arm around the back of their new friend. Melissa also had her arm around her back from the other side. Both of Nicki's arms ended up resting on the shoulders of the others, pulling all three together. June and Nicky turned to face each other and kissed soundly on the lips. When Nicki turned to face Melissa, they kissed the same way. "I really love you guys," Nicki announced. "Let's just see what comes up." All the way to June's house, there were hands gently caressing Nicki's thighs but they weren't exhibitionist enough to go any further than that in the back of a cab.

Once inside June's house, all three removed their shoes and blazers and, holding each other companionably again, headed down the hall to June's bedroom where they sat on the end of the bed. "I'm going to get some more wine," June announced and got up to go to the kitchen. 

Melissa's right arm was around Nicki's back and she brought her other arm around to the front of Nicki and gently pushed on her shoulder until they were both lying back on the bed. There was no resistance and, when Melissa kissed her new friend on the lips, not only was there no resistance but Nicki kissed her back and reached her own right arm around Melissa's shoulder, pulling the two women together. Both women opened their mouths and continued kissing. Melissa's left hand slipped under Nicki's skirt, caressing the thigh that still welcomed her attentions and the hand continued upward, pushing up the skirt, until it gently rested for a few seconds on a panty-clad hip.

Nicki did not express alarm or outrage but she did break off the kiss and sit up. Melissa's hand moved from Nicki's hip to her thigh and was allowed to remain there. "You're really sweet, Melissa, and I like you a lot but I don't know if I should be doing this."

"Doing what?" June asked as she entered the bedroom with a bottle of wine and three glasses.

"Getting intimate," Nicki answered. "Melissa and I were kissing and it was fun, but I don't know if we should be doing that."

"Kissing was fun for me too and if it was fun for both of us, why shouldn't we be doing it. Did it bother you when I put my hand on your hip?"

"Not at first. It felt nice and brought back some really good memories but then I thought that maybe we shouldn't."

As June poured wine she asked, "What's wrong with bringing back really good memories?"

"Maybe nothing but maybe they should just stay memories. Until tonight, in the restaurant, when I was feeling down and I saw you two together and joined you, and I said something about horizons, I was sure I'd put that behind me. Then later, and in the cab I was less sure and when I was kissing Melissa just now and felt her hand where no woman's hand has been for a long time, I wasn't even close to being sure."

"For a long time, you said?" June queried. "Then you have been intimate with women before?"

"Yes, but not for many years, not since I was in college. I did some experimenting with some other women in my dormitory and it was a lot of fun but I stopped after I graduated and left the dorm and I haven't been with a woman since."

"If it was a lot of fun, why did you stop?" Melissa asked.

"I don't know. After I left the dormitory and the women there, I just thought of it as something I had outgrown, like lollipops and Easter eggs and merry-go-rounds. Besides that, I had a serious boyfriend then."

"I still eat lollipops sometimes, even though they're bad for my teeth," June said. "I still dye Easter eggs. I don't hide them but I dye them. Sometimes I like to ride on a merry-go-round. I don't have an actual boyfriend right now but I like both men and women. So does Melissa. If something is fun for you and gives others pleasure and nobody gets hurt, why should you stop?"

Nicki had no answer. The evening up until then and, especially, the conversation had brought back more memories, all happy ones, of smooth legs and nipples and panties and kissing other women, including the memory of kissing Melissa a few minutes earlier. Although Nicki had decided to stop having sex with women, she could no longer think of any good reason for making that decision. She picked up a glass of wine and drank half of it. 

"I don't know. At the time, it seemed like the grown-up thing to do but now I can't think of any good reason why I stopped."

Neither Melissa nor June is any kind of sly lesbian seductress but both are very partial to bringing another woman back to her true nature, especially if everybody has fun doing it. "Nicki, while you're here, nobody is going to make you do anything you don't want to. Why don't you just relax and have fun and go with the flow?" June suggested. 

"You know, you're right," Nicki responded. Smiling and turning to Melissa, she asked, "Now, where were we when YOU were so rudely interrupted?" Seconds later, their open mouths were kissing again and Melissa was trying to get her hand under Nicki's skirt, this time with no luck.

"Oh, darn. Excuse me," Nicki said, breaking off the kiss again, but not for long. She got off the back of her skirt and pulled it up above her waist, allowing the other women access to the whole area covered by her panties. With her skirt out of the way, she and Melissa resumed kissing. When they broke off the kiss, she turned to June, who had one hand on the inside of her thigh, and they shared a kiss, just as long and wet and involving as many tongues as the kiss between Nicki and Melissa. With her hands free, Melissa started to unbutton Nicki's blouse.

When all the buttons were open, Nicki, still kissing June, extended her arm to allow Melissa to pull the sleeve off. Once her left arm was free, she ended her kiss and sat up to allow June to take off the blouse and toss it aside, and Melissa was able to reach between Nicki's shoulder blades and unhook her bra. While the other women waited expectantly, aware of the beauty of the breasts that were about to be exposed, Nicki, sitting up and smiling coyly, held the unfastened bra in place for a few seconds and looked at the others. Knowing how to make an entrance, she suddenly spread her arms, holding her bra in one hand, letting her lovely breasts bounce free. The other women gazed with admiration.

"You have gorgeous breasts," June told her, cupping one of them in her hand as Nicki lay back on the bed. She told the truth; Nicki's breasts were truly beautiful, large, firm, and creamy white with light pink areolas and rosy pink nipples. Melissa felt a tiny twinge of jealousy. Usually, in any group of nude or semi-nude women, her breasts were the most enticing but that might not have been the case with Nicki in the group. The twinge didn't deter her much and Melissa's hand cupped the other of the beautiful twins while she and June bent down, wanting to begin licking the lovely orbs they were holding. Nicki stopped them.

"Not so fast, you two. My boobies are not bad but how about yours? I've been looking at you guys all night and I know neither of you has any reason to be ashamed. You don't have any reason to be shy, either." Nicki sat up between the other two.

Melissa and June smiled and reached out to unbutton each other's blouses. June's buttons were undone first and Nicki removed the blouse and unhooked and removed her bra. June is well aware that, although her breasts are quite attractive, they are not really worthy of a production. After finishing the last of Melissa's buttons, she sat back, naked above the waist.

"You have very pretty breasts," Nicki told her, reaching out to feel. "And the nipples feel really good too. She removed Melissa's blouse and unhooked her bra. Four eyes were on Melissa, waiting for her to show off for them.

Melissa's twinge of jealousy hadn't entirely disappeared and she felt the need for a little production of her own. "Tah-dah" she announced, pulling off her bra and throwing out her arms. Melissa's breasts were just as lovely as Nicki's. They may have been slightly smaller and the nipples were not as dark but Melissa, being younger, had breasts that were more erect than Nicki's lovely bosom.

"Melissa, you are really incredible," Nicki exclaimed. "Your face and hair are so beautiful and your breasts are about the prettiest I've ever seen. I should be envious and if you weren't such a sweetheart, I probably would be."

"You should both be envious of me," June said. I will get to play with and lick and suck four world class boobies and both of you only get to do that with two." All three women laughed and Nicki lay back to let the others so what they had started doing. June and Melissa held one breast each and licked the nipples, which quickly became erect. Because they were large and sensitive, both nipples were licked with broad strokes of the two women's tongues.

"Oh, how I have missed this," Nicki murmured. "The gentle, loving touch of a woman, someone who knows what another woman needs. I will never make that mistake again." The two tongues continued to pleasure themselves and Nicki's nipples until June moved away from the bed.

"I really love licking your nipples and I hope to do some more later but there are other breasts that need attention and I am going to get busy on them. I know what Melissa likes to do and I'll get things ready for you and her." The first thing she got ready was herself, stripping off her skirt, panties and stockings and tossing them in the direction of where her blouse was lying on the floor. June is a good-looking woman, not voluptuous as the women sharing her bed, but very attractive in a more classic way, tall, slender, with short, dark hair and very regular features. She is bisexual and considers herself to be about equally straight and gay but, with two sexy women like Nicki and Melissa cavorting on the bed, her lesbian side ruled. 

After undressing and taking a sip from her glass of wine, June took two pillows and set one on the corner of the bed nearest Nicki's head and the other one a few feet away. The next thing she did was to get back, totally naked, on the bed behind Melissa and unbutton and unzip her slacks. Melissa knew what June was going to start doing and was completely in favor of the idea so, one after the other, she raised her knees to help June remove her pants and set them aside. Her panties were removed the same way, and Melissa was as naked as June but there wasn't room on the bed for June to start doing what she wanted to do.

Melissa wanted her to start doing it too. "Nicki, dear, move over, please. June needs a little more room. Put your head on the pillow by the corner of the bed and slip the other one under your ass." Nicki complied with alacrity, after first removing her skirt to get it out of her way and then hitching herself over on her feet and elbows until she was repositioned, clad only in her panties, which were already damp in the crotch. Melissa crept after Nicki, kissed her long and hard and, still kneeling, started licking the nipple that June had left.

There are plenty of pillows available on the bed and June took one and slid it under Melissa's breasts. It was for her own use and she squeezed between her friend's thighs, made herself comfortable on the pillow and made her tongue comfortable on Melissa's fully erect nipples. As she had mentioned earlier, she was now licking her second pair of world-class breasts that night. 

Melissa's mouth was enjoying itself on the other pair of world-class breasts. When she returned her attentions to the nipple where she had started, Melissa slid her hand under the waistband of Nicki's panties and started massaging just above her clit. Nicki had been cooing happily from the attentions being paid to her nipples and her pussy started producing a trickle of juices and humping against the hand that was giving her pleasure. 

When she felt Nicki's pussy moving against her fingers, Melissa smiled and continued licking her nipples for a few more minutes, switching back and forth. She drew one of the succulent globes into her mouth and continued licking, her tongue tracing the areola and caressing the nipple. While she licked, Melissa sucked gently on the luscious mound, her lips forming a seal on the soft flesh. From the erotic pleasure of the licking and sucking, Nicki started fucking her pussy stronger against the pleasuring fingers above her clit and her juices flowed more heavily. While Melissa switched her attentions back and forth from one lovely twin to the other, Nicki's upper body squirmed on the bed, presenting her eager breasts to Melissa for their mutual pleasure.

"My God, Melissa, that is so wonderful, what you are doing. I can't believe how much I've missed it and how stupid I was to give it up." Nicki was sighing and cooing and her body was moving more strongly from the pleasure Melissa was giving her, while she fucked harder against the fingers that were massaging her pussy.

Besides giving pleasure to Nicki, Melissa was receiving pleasure from Nicki's breasts and from what June was doing with her mouth. After licking both nipples, June had started sucking and licking in combination like Melissa was doing. The two friends have learned a lot from each other about pleasing women and pleasing themselves at the same time and they use similar methods. 

Much as Melissa was enjoying what she was doing with Nicki's breasts, she knew that both of them would get even more pleasure when she moved down and licked her new friend's pussy and did other things she likes to do. Nicki was definitely ready, with her pussy wet and active, so Melissa removed her hand from inside the panties and left the well-licked breasts behind her. She sucked and kissed and licked her way down the smooth belly that led to the object of her lust. Nicki was sure she knew what was about to happen, hoped she was right and expressed her eagerness and appreciation.

"Oh, Melissa, you are so sweet, I love you. I love you for what you're doing." In anticipation of the immense pleasure she expected to be feeling, more than she had felt in years, her pussy fucked harder into the air.

When June heard what Nicki said, she knew what Melissa was about to start doing. Up until then, she had been concentrating her attentions on the breasts above her face even though she knew that Melissa's pussy was ready for eating, already fucking down into June's body and dribbling juices. June was waiting for her young friend to start eating Nicki's pussy so she wouldn't have to interrupt herself after she started doing the same for Melissa. She scooted back out between Melissa's legs, bringing her pillow, ready to start again when the others got into their new positions.

When her mouth reached the waistband of Nicki's panties, Melissa licked her belly and then got up to get between her legs. Although June had moved out from underneath, Melissa knew why and expected her back when she started eating Nicki's pussy. After she was in place, Melissa glanced behind her back to see if all three women would be able to lie diagonally across the bed. Taking hold of the pillow under Nicki's ass, she moved it over slightly. With room established for all three, she gently took hold of the wet panties and started to peel them off their owner. 
