 Nicki's First Girl

If you read my first chapter, Nicki Deflowered, you'll recall that my first ever lover, John, had promised to introduce me to Jacki. He wanted me to learn about girl-girl sex. Read on!

The text arrived a couple of days later. Jacki introduced herself and gave a brief description of herself and her interests, and I replied in kind. We swapped emails and pictures, and arranged to meet a week or so later at a bar near the town centre. I put a lot of thought into my dress and general presentation for our meeting, it was going to be a real first for me. I finally settled for a cream coloured dress, buttoned down the front and hemmed about half way down my thighs. My make up would be discrete, and there would be just enough cleavage on show to attract attention.

I climbed out of the taxi having touched up my make up, made sure my dress was not crumpled, and walked to the door of the pub. I tried to look sophisticated and confident but inside my belly was churning - I was about to meet, and probably make love with, the only lesbian I had ever known.

As the door swung shut behind me I spotted her, sitting alone at the bar. She stood up as I approached, and kissed my cheek.

"What's your poison?"

Calm, sophisticated. I wished I was.

"I'm on Daiquiri. Try it"

The bar tender loaded the mixer, shook it and poured my drink. 

"It's delicious"

"So are you. John warned me, but you are even lovelier than I'd expected."

She was wearing a loose leather jacket, white top showing her boobs and cleavage to perfection, and tight white shorts which did wonders for the delicious curves of her arse. Both were tailored in white leather, cut to show off her perfectly tanned midriff, and she wore knee length boots Jack Sparrow would have been proud of. She was fairly tall, maybe five foot eight, her hair close cut on one side and gathered up on the other, jet black with a flame red streak, and she had a beautiful rather than pretty face. A couple of tattoos were on show as were a couple of body piercings, and as I was to discover later she had a few more in some quite interesting places. I have to say I was impressed.

We chatted for an hour or so, small talk at first then touched on sexual issues. 

She told me a bit about her life, how she had given her virginity to her personal trainer on her eighteenth birthday. He had a flat in the same complex as the gym she used, and invited her back to celebrate after her morning workout. She already fancied him to bits so she accepted immediately, expecting cold orange juice not the white wine he treated her to and especially not the rampant sex they enjoyed together all day and almost every day until college term ended a month or so later. He obviously taught her a lot, not least that sex is there to be enjoyed not get hung up about.

Leaving college she joined a holiday company as hostess at a small French seaside resort. After a few weeks she had the routine of the job sorted, which gave her plenty of time to herself. She found a small secluded beach where she could get an all over sun tan and of course she had her own chalet. She could happily use either or both to satisfy her rapidly developing sexual curiosity.

A first she concentrated on boys. She would check through the incoming guest list looking for likely talent. Having eliminating guys obviously with partners and the groups who were there to get pissed there would normally be at least one or two to choose from, and it was then a simple matter to get them to bed.

However she soon began to realise that this was far from satisfying. With a few very notable exceptions sex consisted of a bit of inexpert groping, a tumble into bed, almost always with him on top, a few grunts as he came, maybe a fart or two and he would be happily snoring while she was left to finish herself off as best she could.

About halfway through the season a rather attractive woman guest arrived on a solo holiday. Jacki helped her settle in and they got chatting. To cut a long story short, a couple of days later Jacki showed her to the private beach, and they spent the rest of the afternoon fucking. She had been introduced to girl-girl sex, and thoroughly enjoyed it. They now spent most of their time together, either naked on the beach or in the chalet which they now shared.

She was shown so much she had never imagined. Different ways to pleasure another woman, the sensitive spots on her own body, that a woman can have multiple, or even a continuous, orgasm, various sex toys and how to use them. By the time Kate left for home Jacki was quite an expert. It was time to change her tactics.

Now she was scouring the list for likely girls. She was surprised to find that it was quite easy to get a girl to her beach, especially if she offered a picnic with a bottle of wine, with the promise of sunbathing without the attentions of leering men. From then it was just a matter of time before they were both getting an all over suntan, skinny dipping and generally having girly fun. It was inevitable that they would end up fucking, if not on the first day then very soon after.

Even nubile young daughters with their families were fair game. She would check from her passport details that the girl was pretty (of course) and of legal age, then befriend the family. Fathers are easy. A little flattery from an attractive girl and their minds are like putty. Mothers are more cautious, but a promise to take personal care of their little darling while mum & dad enjoy their own holiday usually did the trick. And of course she did take personal care of their little darling, fucking her senseless while they sunned themselves by the pool.

Once or twice she even took the father. A good looking guy, late thirties maybe early forties, loads of experience? Mmmm. Tasty. Gave him something to remember from his holiday.

Coming back to the UK at the end of the season she was promoted to research manager, tasked to check details of potential new holiday locations. This was where she came across John's little project, and joined the Troupe both taking part in the filming but also finding new locations. And in particular developing new talent, in this case me.

"I doubt if you know too much about the gay scene."

"Nothing at all"

"No problem. We'll have another drink here then I'll take you to my favourite club. Don't be nervous, you'll enjoy it." She gave my hand a reassuring kiss. I felt I could trust her and relaxed, just a bit.

The taxi dropped us off outside an unpretentious building with smoked glass doors. The doorman greeted Jacki by name and ushered us in. As my eyes adjusted to the dim light I could see a large room with a central stage surrounded by booths but no bar. We were greeted by a very pretty girl in uniform who showed us to our table and took our order. I sat down and Jacki joined me on the small, intimate even, sofa. I looked around to find that the audience was made up of couples and small groups, mainly girls with just a few boys. Girls with girls, boys with boys. Arm in arm, shoulder to shoulder.

As our drinks and small eats were delivered at our table the house lights were dimmed and the stage floodlit. Two girls danced on, scantily clad and very pretty, and started their routine. The jokes were mainly at the expense of straight men, and they had the whole place howling with laughter. When they thought they had had finished they were called back for two encores. As the spotlights dimmed the stage became a dance floor, mainly girls dancing together but occasionally boys. The dancing became quite intimate, people grinding into each other. Jacki stood up and drew me to my feet. I was about to have my first meaningful dance with another woman, and in public. I was very nervous, but at the same time aroused.

A little bit distant at first as she let me get used to the situation, then she drew me to her and we kissed. As she drew me to her I felt her hands explore my back and shoulders, and I responded by caressing her back and arse. The soft leather of her top and pants responded warmly to my touch, and must have felt even more erotic for Jacki. She pressed her pelvis into me and I pressed against her.

After a few dances she suggested we return to our drinks, and of course I agreed. She sat down, her leg extended. Instead of inviting me to sit alongside her she manoeuvred me so that I was straddling her and lifted her thigh until it was pressing against my fanny. Without a thought I began to rub myself along her lovely leg.

"You're enjoying yourself. Look at the state of my leg"

Sure enough, even in the dim light, I could see my juices glistening on her thigh. I continued taking my pleasure with her as she ran her finger along her leg then lifted it to her lips.

"Mmm. Delicious."

"I can't wait to taste you properly, lick you, kiss your lovely pussy. To give you such a screaming orgasm you won't know what has hit you." She whispered in my ear.

I had noticed couples disappearing, normally arm in arm, toward the back of the building. I had assumed they were heading for the toilets, but Jacki enlightened me.

"The club has a couple of rooms upstairs which they rent on an hourly basis. We could have used one but I have somewhere a little more, how shall I say, classy for you and me. And we have all weekend. Are you ready to go?"

At that precise moment I was so bloody horny I could have happily fucked just about anything, and Jacki promised to be by far the most attractive option. In the warm evening air we would have looked like two girls walking home after a pleasant night out. A more discerning observer might have noticed that Jacki had lifted up my skirt and was caressing my arse. We paused, and kissed. Delicious.

The hotel was only a hundred yards or so from the club, and to describe it as discrete would be an understatement. A small lit sign announcing it as "Exquisite" and a pair of automatic doors just about summed it up, at least from the outside. The foyer, however, oozed opulence. Deep leather sofas and chairs, subtle decor and lighting, images of men and women in various stages of undress and mutual enjoyment adorning the walls. You get the picture. The receptionist greeted Jacki with a wave and a blown kiss as we headed for the lift.

"I've been with her a few times. She's gorgeous and has a body to die for, plus she's randy as hell. Great in bed, but she's not got the smartest brain in the universe so it can be difficult to find anything to talk about after we've fucked."

By now we were in the lift, and kissing. Not the aggressive kiss between a man and a girl, but offering just as much promise. Soft, sensuous but with a depth of passion I had never experienced before. Our lips touched, our tongues explored but they didn't try to fight. They loved.

Once in our room Jacki held my shoulders and just looked me up and down.

"You are absolutely gorgeous. Can I undress you? Please?"

And she did. My shirt, carefully unbuttoning it and folding it onto a chair. Then my bra.

"Those are absolutely wonderful. Perfect. Can I kiss them? Please?"

And so she did. My left, then my right. Kissing, suckling, teasing. My nipples rapidly standing to attention, waves of pleasure welling through my entire body.

By now she had released the zip of my skirt and eased it over my hips, together with my little thong. A slight wriggling of my legs and I was naked, the last of my clothes pooled around my ankles. Her lips slowly moved from my breasts down my body, paused at my tummy, down again to my thighs. Instinctively I spread my legs, willing her to kiss me just THERE but she didn't, instead lowering her head to kiss the sensitive back of my knees. She was kneeling by now, her hands exploring my thighs and arse and her lips placing little butterfly kisses up the inside of my legs.

Carefully, gently, she manoeuvred me to the bed and sat me down. Now it was my turn to watch as she undressed herself. Slowly, sensually, carefully. What a body she revealed to me. Perfectly tanned, not even a hint of bikini lines. The gentle curves of her hips, full breasts, proud nipples, firm thighs, the soft lips of her fanny. And, if only for tonight, she was mine.

She bent over me and we kissed. The gentle kiss of expectant lovers. Her hands found my breasts, tweaking my nipples. Then a hand moved own and found my fanny. At last, I'd been waiting all evening for this moment. At first she caressed the outside of my lips, one side then the other. Now slowly, carefully, she separated them. I could feel my juices running freely as she ran her finger up and down my slit. And still we kissed.

Now her finger found my clit, peeking out of its little hood. Carefully lubricating her finger with my juices she rubbed it, gently at first then more vigorously. I was in heaven.

"I want to taste you."

Her lips played with my thighs, licking, kissing. Now they were playing with my lips, licking, kissing. At last they found my clit, licking, kissing, suckling. I felt a finger at my entrance, then a second. Slipping deep inside me. And a third. Yes, yes. Just THERE. Please, please don't stop.

I simply exploded. My body shook from my toes to my fanny, from the depths of my fanny to the depths of my brain I completely lost myself in ecstasy, the most fantastic orgasm. Slowly, very slowly Jacki let me down from my high, caressing and kissing me. Softly, gently. Lovers kisses.

We rested in each others arms, and maybe I fell asleep for a few minutes. I felt her stir, stand up. She lifted me to my feet.

"We're both dripping with sweat. Let's clean up"

The bathroom was large, very large by hotel standards. Apart from the essentials it consisted of a sunken bath - actually more like a junior swimming pool - filled with warm, slightly fragrant water and with fresh rose petals floating on the surface. A bottle of Champagne sat in an ice bucket on a small table, together with two glasses. Jacki popped the cork and poured, and we toasted ourselves and our night(s) together.

Carefully I made my way to the pool, slowly lowering myself into the water until my breasts were just covered. My glass was still safely in my hand, so I took a generous sip. The cool wine tasted delicious against the background of the warm water and steamy atmosphere. Jacki joined me and we clinked glasses again, then kissed. I slipped my leg between hers and rubbed it against her fanny. I wanted to give her the pleasure she had so recently given me.

Suddenly the water began to churn. What had been a calm pool was transformed into a Jacuzzi, small jets of water coming at us from all sides, tickling and tingling our legs and bodies. There was even a pipe, a bit like a small shower head, snaking around the bottom.

We kissed, breasts pressed against breasts, legs between legs, mons against mons, hands exploring backs and bottoms as the water caressed and aroused us. Breaking our kiss I lifted Jacki to sit her on a cushion at the edge of the pool, her legs apart and her beautiful pink fanny on full display. She lay back, lifted and spread her legs, offering herself completely to me. I accepted, immediately.

She tasted gorgeous. Slightly musty, salty even, with the fragrance of the pool water adding a subtle touch. As I licked and suckled she squirmed, clearly enjoying my attentions. I reached down and found the shower head, which I could easily play onto her lovely pussy. It helped that the spray was pulsating, and I could direct jets of warm water to the most sensitive parts of her delicious body.

As I worked I slipped a finger into her, then a second, curling them to touch just THERE, rubbing gently but firmly. At the same time I worked on her clit, alternating kisses and suckling with pulses from the spray.

I glanced up. Her eyes were shut, her head rolling from side to side, her breathing erratic, her hand grasping her breasts. Suddenly I felt her fanny clasp around my fingers.

Her orgasm was loud and forceful. Her whole body trembled and shuddered, she was screaming and groaning, she held my head against herself as slowly she unwound. Finally she let her head fall back, her legs flopped into the pool, and she smiled.

"Phew" she said, her breath slowly recovering.

"That was awesome. Where did you learn to fuck like that? I thought you were an innocent."

"I just followed my instincts."

"Those instincts of yours, Nicki, are going to make this girl very, very happy. And I hope lots more girls, too."

By now Jacki had slipped back into the pool. Looking me straight in the eye, she carefully manoeuvred our legs, her left over my right, her right under my left. Grasping my hips she pulled us together, pussy pressed against pussy. Wow.

We started grinding against each other slowly, sensuously. She pressed a bit harder, lips against lips, clit against clit. I could feel the tension building and I could see by the look on her face that Jacki was close too.

It hit us both at the same time. A wonderful, shared climax. Not as intense as before, it seemed to last for ever. Carefully disentangling myself I leaned across and kissed her.

"Wow, that was amazing. Thank you."

"Thank you, you did as much as me. It was great wasn't it? I love it when I come at the same time as my girl. Brings us together, in all sorts of ways."

We spent a while longer in the pool. We used the spray jet on each other, discovered that the Jacuzzi nozzles could produce lovely sensations if you knelt or squatted in exactly the right position. And of course we kissed and caressed each other. 

Finally realising that we were tired we climbed out of the pool, dried each other carefully - lovingly, even - with the enormous warm white towels. We dropped into bed and fell asleep in each other's arms.

I woke first, daylight streaming through the window. I kissed Jacki and she stirred, then returned my kiss. We hugged, pressing our bodies together. The morning was full of promise.

There was a discrete knock on the door. 

"Room service."

Jacki stumbled out of bed, wrapped a robe around her lovely body and went to the door. The trolley carried our breakfast, which included a bottled of chilled Champagne and a jug of orange juice for our Bucks Fizz. Breakfast in bed, naked and with a gorgeous girl you are going to spend all day loving, perfect.

"There's something I want to show you" she said, pushing the trolley to one side as she climbed out of bed.

"Wait there"

I was intrigued. She pulled a small case out of the wardrobe, then switched on the TV. Very strange. I was in no mood for old movies or daytime TV. She opened the case, took out a DVD and loaded it.

"You'll enjoy this. We'll both enjoy it"

We lay back on the soft pillows, my head nestling in her shoulder as she pressed play. After the credits the action started with two lovely young girls kissing, tenderly, as they undressed each other. As we watched I rolled toward Jacki and we kissed. Breaking our kiss I put little butterfly kisses on her neck and her shoulders, making my way toward her breasts as she caressed my head and neck. I glanced at the screen, just to keep up with the action. They were both naked now, kissing.

Lifting her delightful breast with my hand, I kissed her nipple and sucked it between my lips. It was quite firm, like a ripe grape. I turned my attention to it's partner, at the same time letting my hand slip down her body and between her legs. She was already very, very moist. Glancing at the screen the darker haired girl was laid back on the bed, legs apart, her partner suckling her breasts as her fingers parted a pair of soft, pink fanny lips. 

I looked back up to Jacki, who was smiling. She drew me up to her and we kissed.

"I've brought some toys for us to play with. I call this my weekend away case."

