 The scene from the locker room replayed through my mind over and over and turning me into an excited, nervous wreck. All I could think about was how much I wanted it to be my turn and how I was going to do it.

My next class with Netania was study hall. I was glad for it because I would finally have a chance to let my mind go and try to think. I took my seat next to Netania, as always, and laid my head down on my desk. I was instantly lost in thought and oblivious to the world until a small paper ball lands on the desk in front of my face. I sit up and stare at it as if a tiny UFO had just landed.

"Open it!" Netania whispers to me.

As I pick it up Netania leaves her seat and heads for the front of the room. I watch her go, as I always do, and hear her ask to go to the bathroom. She shoots me a look as she walks out the door. I jump a bit and with shaking fingers I open the ball of paper.

"Meet me in the locker room." is all the note says.

Acting quickly, I begin to rummage through my back pack.

"Oh no." I say, loud enough for all to hear.

"Nickie, is there a problem?" the teacher asks me.

Hurrying to the front of the room, I let out an aggravated sigh as I approach her desk.

"I left my English homework in my gym locker. Could I please go and get it?" I ask her with a pleading look, trying to look convincing.

"Hurry back." she says in a stern voice and hands me the hall pass.

I quickly leave the room, and on shaky legs, I make my way down the hallway towards the locker room. As I round the corner a hand shoots out of the janitors closet and pulls me inside by the arm. I let out a small shriek.

"My god, Netania! You scared....the......hell......outta....." My words fade from my lips as I stare at her wide eyed.

My eyes travelled from her eyes to her long brown hair spilling down over her bare shoulders. They then followed the curve of her body down to her perky breasts, down her beautiful stomach, and down to the neatly trimmed patch of hair. I looked her over again and again. Her nipples were the prettiest shade of pink and were, now, fully erect and alert.

"Netania, what are you doing?" I stammer at her.

"I told you it was my turn." she says as she pulls me towards her.

"But I have never done this before." I said, "What if I am not any good?"

"The locker room was my first time." She tells me with a sly smile. "Was I any good?"

The scene from the locker room once again flooded my mind and I felt myself instantly get wet just thinking about it. Netania' s soft lips barely brushing across mine brought me back to the present and sent a shiver racing through my body. Her hands found mine and she guided them over her body. Her skin was soft and smooth like silk and she let go of my hands as they seemed to finally gain a life of their own.

I touched her face and we kissed a long, deep kiss. Our tongues mingled together, exploring each other. As we continue to kiss, my hands slowly leave her face and begin to explore her body. First, my fingers run down her neck and shoulders. Soon they make their way to her breasts. They feel so good in my hands as I massage them and I lightly squeeze her nipples. It isn't long before I realize that I want them in my mouth.

"Suck on them." she moans quietly.

Her hands guide my face to her breasts and I eagerly take one of her nipples into my mouth. I suck on it very lightly and feel it harden in my mouth. I begin to flick it with my tongue and nibble on it. Netania begins to moan and I know that I am doing a good job. I move to the other one and begin to do the same.

As I continue to nibble and suck on her nipples she guides my hand down a little further, to her waiting pussy. Her hips are moving slightly and I know she is just begging to be touched. Gingerly, my fingers feel around her small patch of hair and I let one finger slide between her lips, revealing to me how very wet she has become. Slowly, I slide a finger inside and she lets out a loud moan. My hand was soon covered in her juices.

Her hands begin to guide my face down to her pussy. I kissed my way down her stomach and soon my lips were only inches from her moistened pussy. I part her lips and run each of my thumbs down each side of her clit and her body lets out a small shudder. Her hands are in my hair, holding on tight and she pulls my lips to her clit. I begin to nibble and suck and lick small circles around it. I hear her gasp as I slide two fingers inside of her and continue to greedily lick her clit. Her hips start rocking against my fingers and soon her body is shaking uncontrollably as her orgasm brings her down to the floor where I am kneeling.

I get her laid out on the floor with my fingers still inside of her, my tongue making it's way back to her clit. Her juices begin to flow, covering my face and hands. Her moans turn into screams and she covers her own mouth with both her hands but I am sure that anyone out in the hallway can still hear her screaming as her orgasm explodes with an intensity that shatters the silence in that little closet.

As her body starts to relax a little, I kiss my way back up her stomach and to her nipples. As I suck on each of them an aftershock rushes through her body. With her hands still in my hair, she pulls my face close to hers and kisses me another long, deep kiss.

"See, I knew you couldn't be bad at this." Netania says, barely above a whisper.