 Nicola is twenty and has been living with her partner Samantha for the past two years. She met Samantha or Sam, as she prefers to be called, on the beach. She had just walked out of her family's home after a terrible argument, and was sitting, feeling very depressed on Town Beach. She is eighteen and possesses long black wavy hair sweeping down her shapely back to her waist. Her face is well tanned with dark hazel eyes. She is well developed with nice breasts although not overly large. Her right wrist shows scars where she once slashed herself. Fortunately she went across and her life was spared. Since then she has undergone intensive psychiatric treatment for manic depression.

She noticed a woman in a gold bikini walking up the sand from the water. She was small, with blond hair, styled more like a boys. As she came closer Nicola saw that she had quite small breasts and startlingly blue eyes. She could not take her eyes off the stranger and felt a strange sensation deep within her. Sensations that she had never felt before were starting to possess her body. She noticed that her nipples had become erect and that she was becoming damp between her legs. Her breathing had become faster and her body appeared to be getting hotter. She felt that these feelings should not be right, but an inner voice told her that they definitely were right. The women sat down next to Nicola and introduced herself as Sam. She asked her why she was so sad. She could not answer; she fell onto Sam's shoulder and cried. While she was crying, Sam held her, letting her hand trace across Nicola's erect nipples whilst the other hand traced down her back settling on Nicola's bottom. Finally Nicola stopped crying, but she continued to lie with her head on Sam's shoulder; it seemed so right and so comforting. 

After half an hour Sam suggested they go to her unit and get some lunch. She helped Nicola up and walked her off the beach to her black BMW convertible. Opening the passenger door Nicola slid onto the white leather upholstery. They drove in silence to Sam's unit which was on the hill overlooking the bay. It was a modern open plan apartment with a communal swimming pool in the gardens. Going into the kitchen Sam percolated a fresh coffee and Sam asked her about her family troubles. Nicola told Sam that she did not want to discuss them yet. She said that she never wanted to live in her parents' home again. Sam felt sorry for her. She then told Nicola that she was employed as an executive in a new information technology company. She said that she was on a very high salary and that she could do anything she liked. The time was getting around to one so Sam suggested they took lunch at a restaurant. She gave Nicola a skirt and a blouse and when they were dressed, drove down to a fancy Italian restaurant on the waterfront. They had a lovely meal of spaghetti marinara with a bottle of Pinot Noir.

Just before leaving the restaurant Sam told Nicola that she could consider her home as a refuge. Nicola could not believe it, and hugging her said that she loved her: so it was agreed to go to her parent's house on the Sunday and collect her car and clothes. Arriving home they went down to the swimming pool and swam some laps before getting out and lounging in the sun. 

Nicola's mind was racing; she really had feelings for Sam, which confused her. She had had plenty of boyfriends and although she had never gone all the way she had given the odd blow job and done plenty of kissing. Her girlfriends at school told her how wonderful it was to go all the way but when she had been with boys she never quite felt right. "This thing with Sam is different though; after all she is a woman. Does this mean that because I have feelings for her that I am a latent lesbian? Yet she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I would like to know how far this will go, after all I think she has feelings for me."

"Sam I am beginning to feel really soporific and would like to lie down. After the trauma of this morning and the lovely luncheon, I can hardly keep my eyes open."

"How selfish of me I should have realised that you were an emotional wreck in need of rest. Let's go in and get you a nice warm bath and then we will lie down and get a nap. I would really like to take you out to a fancy seafood restaurant at the Marina this evening."

Taking her hand Sam led Nicola into the apartment, drawing a bath for her. The bath was huge and would easily accommodate two people: Nicola was relieved to see Sam remove her bikini, stepping into the bath with her. Facing each other they had an uninterrupted view of their pussies. Nicola saw that her friend shaved her pussy leaving it bare whilst her pussy still had a full main of dark hair. In her soporific state she found the warm water sensually relaxing, laying her head back against the bath she closed her eyes turning off, forgetting her troubles.

When the water started to cool off they got out and dried off before walking into Sam's bedroom and falling onto the bed. When Sam joined her she kissed her lips thanking her for being so considerate and then drifted into a deep sleep. As she slept, she dreamed of her new friend and the support she was giving her.

Four hours later they woke and dressing drove twenty miles to the Marina. This was a large complex that provided mooring for eighty boats, a chandlery, fast food establishments and restaurants. Getting out of the car Sam took Nicola by her hand to an exclusive seafood restaurant. Nicola knew this place although she had never dined there. Her father owned a large maxi yacht moored on one of the finger wharves. Going in, they were taken to a table on the verandah overlooking the water and kaleidoscope of colourful boats.

Getting up they went to the bar and sat in plush leather arm chairs drinking a boutique beer whilst dipping into a bowl of macadamia nuts and chips. Ordering there meal they had another drink waiting for the waiter to tell them it was ready. 

Over a meal of grilled flounder and salad they drank a bottle of Chardonnay talking about Nicola's future. She told Sam that she was in her final year at school and would really like to complete but at another campus so that her parents couldn't locate her. Sam said that she would help her enroll in a new school on Monday morning. 

After dinner they walked around the Marina hand in hand, taking in the sites. The evening was warm and humid and very bright because of the full moon. Arriving at the end of the wharf they stood arm in arm looking out over the water towards Lindsay Island three miles off shore. The lighthouse was flashing its signal to shipping, alerting them to the islands rocky shoreline. Nicola was very aware of her friend's presence and felt her nipples become hard, pressing out through the soft fabric of her top.

Without speaking they walked slowly back to their car. Driving home in silence they went down to the pool and swam naked lazily moving up and down the pool. Standing in the shallow end pressing their breasts together, they looked deeply into each others eyes before falling into a deep kiss, their tongues lashing each other. 

As they kissed Nicola felt her friends hand cup her buttocks slipping down the crack of her ass. She gasped as she felt the wayward hand slip around down over the silky skin of her inner thigh. She knew that her pussy was dripping in anticipation as she almost willed it to explore further towards the sensitive skin of her sex.

Tongues still wrestling Sam's erotic hand cupped over Nicola's mound allowing a finger to dip between the folds of her fanny. Pulling out she raised the finger to her mouth tasting Nicola's secretions. Dipping back in she pressed her finger to her friend's mouth allowing her to taste herself before breaking away; "I think that's enough for us this evening. We have a big morning ahead and never, know what trouble we may encounter." Getting out she dried Nicola paying close attention to the curls covering her sex. Walking slowly inside, they took a nightcap before going to bed.

Early the following morning they took a refreshing swim before returning and dressing. Sam gave Nicola a pair of denim shorts and a tee-shirt. After tea and toast they drove over to her parent's house. They were at church so they were not interrupted as Nicola quickly emptied her wardrobe and taking her laptop and school books. Getting into her red Toyota she followed Sam to a cafe where they took coffee and a light breakfast before driving to the apartment. 

It was a beautiful morning: taking some light snack food and a bottle of Champaign they drove down to the beach, lying on deck chairs in the shade of a large umbrella amongst the dunes overlooking the surf. Nicola was wearing a brief white bikini whilst Sam was in the gold bikini she was wearing yesterday.

Getting hot they walked down to the water's edge. The surf was not big and they entered the water catching the waves onto the sand. They continued to surf, sharing the water with a large crowd of men women and children. After an hour they walked slowly up the hot sand to their camp. After applying sun block they poured glasses of wine and had some ripe cheeses with salami.

As they relaxed Nicola kept glancing at Sam. She owed her everything and also found her very sexy; she knew that she was attracted to her. Last night's entertainment had aroused her highly and left her in such a state that she found it difficult to sleep. She was quite aware that this evening they would be taking it much further; and she was equally aware that she wanted it to happen. She remembered in health classes talking about people who were bisexual; maybe that's what she was.

Late in the afternoon they returned to the apartment, showering to remove sand residue before dressing to go out for dinner. This time they went to a French restaurant not far from the apartment. Walking hand in hand they took half an hour to get there. Taking a small table in the very crowded restaurant they ordered an entree of spinach soufflé with a main of wine poached salmon with lemon truffles accompanied with a Pinot Noir. For desert they ordered a desert wine and chocolate Grand Meuniere crepes. Walking home they were feeling the effects of the wines. It was eleven when they arrived home. Nicola told Sam that she had gone to the Private Girls Catholic College so Sam suggested they pay a visit to the local high school. They took a late night swim standing close together in the water. Sam bent down and kissed Nicola's lips her serpentine tongue waving its way into her welcoming mouth. 

They stood there for what seemed ages until Nicola felt her fingers snake their way down pinching her clitoris before gliding through the sodden outer and inner folds of her cunt; slipping up inside gliding around, feeling, teasing, groping until hitting her G spot. Nicola had never felt anything like this before. Groaning loudly she spread her legs offering herself to her lover. Sam continued the assault pressing two fingers up whilst the other hand pressed a finger into her ass. Nicola was going mad the water around her being thrashed to foam.

She screamed with frustration when Sam stepped back giving her a light slap on the bottom. "Come along Nikki it's time we got more comfortable." They stepped out and dried off before walking quickly to the bedroom. "You know how beautiful you are?" Sam pulled into her kissing her again as her arms wrapped around her. We were kissing our mouths locked, tongue's swirling with gay abandon whilst Sam's hands roamed freely over Nikki's virgin skin, while their mouths were still locked in a furious passion. Nikki closed her eyes as she felt Sam's lips move down over her velvet skin to the little nubs on top of her breasts. She just slipped her lips over them slowly increasing pressure sucking it into her mouth, taking possession of the other sucking on it making Nikki mewl with pleasure. Sam spun round placing her exposed fanny over Nikki's lips. "Lick me, fuck me with your tongue." 

Doing as instructed Nikki licked up and down pushing her tongue into Sam's sex. "Oh God I must do the same for you, I can't take this for much longer. Sam started to lick, I was very wet as she probed deeper, a series of expert flicks which made her breath gasp from her lungs. Her head buried in her thighs Nikki's receptors going wild, charges of passion swooping through her.

Suddenly as if from the depths of the earth her orgasm broke with an intensity Sam had never witnessed before. She was coming in ever increasing waves of passion Sam clinging to her hips riding her bravely. At last she slumped back onto the mattress a smile of deep satisfaction upon her face. Sam came up to her kissing her lips; Nikki tasting her cum. "I love you so much Nikki, do you understand?" Nikki nodded still unable to speak. Both women slowly drifted into a sex induced coma waking at eight thirty the next morning.

After breakfast they went to the local High School and enrolled Nikki into year 12. She was relieved that she could do the same subjects because she wanted to study dentistry at university. Leaving the school they purchased the necessary uniform and then took an early lunch on the waterfront. After lunch they went down to the beach for a swim and sunbathe before returning home.

It was late afternoon before they arrived home. Taking a shower before changing into light casuals the prepared dinner and later sitting back to watch television over a bottle of Shiraz. Nikki had to be at school by eight thirty whilst Sam had to leave at five thirty for a board meeting which unfortunately meant that they could not get hot and bothered.

++++++++++++++++++++

Four years has gone by, with Sam and Nikki living a loving lifestyle together. Nikki passed her final exams and is now in about to complete dentistry. Sam has continued to advance in the company and they are now purchasing a large home on the headland with one hundred and eighty degree views of the ocean.

It was a Sunday morning that saw them lying in bed with an ocean backdrop discussing Sam's impending trip to London to attend an international IT conference, she would be away for a fortnight and was to be the first time that they had been separated. 

"Sam I have been thinking and wish to discuss something with you. We have been together for the past four wonderful years and there is no one else in the world that I wish to be with and yet I have been having some disturbing thoughts. You see when we met I had never done it with anyone before; you were the first and I don't regret that because it was beautiful and still is. Look darling I have been feeling restless of late because I think I want to try it with a man. My question is whilst you are away would you mind awfully if I live out my fantasy. I wouldn't do it with just anyone, rather I have a lifelong friend Max; we grew up together and almost regard ourselves as brother and sister: I would feel safe with him. My darling lover if you don't want me to do this, well I won't. I love you and wish to share my life with you."

"Nikki darling I think that I understand and I trust you completely. I assume that this fling would last a weekend and if that's the case have no objections. I love you all the more for your honesty towards me."

On the Monday morning Nikki drove her lover to the international airport, seeing her off on her flight to London. "I already miss you; see you in a fortnight."

"Take care Nikki and have a good time with Max. You don't know how much I love you at this moment. I wish you could have come as well."

Nikki drove: her mind restless; putting in at a flash cafe for brunch she decided to go to the library at the university and loose her in study. She had been working for two hours when a person came up saying hi. It was Max. Nikki suggested they went down to the cafe for a coffee and talk, she hadn't seen her old friend for six months. Over coffee they talked and slowly Nikki introduced her wish. "Hey Max because you are such an old friend I have a huge favor to ask you. We have known each other for twelve years and I feel safe in your company. As you know I have been living with Sam ever since I ran away from my parents, we are very much a couple. Over the past month or so I have been thinking about my sexuality and have a wish to do it with a man. I still possess my maidenhead and am asking you to take it. This will not be lasting affair and I have selected you because I know that you will be gentle and won't try to force the issue beyond the boundaries we have set. Please Max travel with me for the weekend, Sam knows about this so you won't be splitting us up. Max please, fuck me."

"Nicola I have always loved you, although it has been a platonic relationship. I have a wonderful girlfriend; her name is Celine and she is studying medicine. Now at the moment she is cramming for exams so it would be possible to spend a night together if that satisfies your fancy."

"Oh Max thank you sooo much I will book into a resort for this Friday. Would that be OK? All expenses on me."

"All right my little lesbian fancy let's do it."

So, at six in the evening on Friday Nicola met up with Max at one of the fancy resorts up the coast. It was a large white concrete establishment with lawns sweeping down to a secluded beach. They drove up to reception asking the parking attendant to take it to the underground car park. Having booked in they were taken to their suit on the seventh floor. It was a huge room with a bedroom containing a luxurious king bed, a lounge area with plush furnishings and courtesy bar. Walking out form here they found themselves on a private balcony overlooking the heated swimming pool and lawn leading down to the beach and ocean. Helping themselves to bourbon and cola each they lazed back in the recliners on the balcony. They were both nervous so engaged in small talk as they watched the light fade with sunset. When it was quite dark and they were both feeling the affect's of their drinks they changed to go down to the restaurant for dinner.

The restaurant was a large yet intimate place. They were escorted to a table on a verandah under a gazebo over a large pond. Looking into the water they saw large colourful schools of coy swimming lazily through the water lilies. Ordering a bottle of Shiraz they placed selected their meals of New York Cut steaks and salad. As they drank and waited Max reached over taking Nicola's hand in his, this was the first time that they had come in contact and Nicola gasped in surprise and sexual emotion. Once the meal was over they walked slowly back to their suit. As they walked Nicole realised that she no longer had any doubts, helped by the wine and pre-dinner drinks.

Shutting the door she embraced Max hugging him to her and closing her mouth over his: her serpentine tongue weaving between his lips. Still kissing Max picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Lying beck with her he opened her blouse exposing her small breasts whose nipples were extended with passion. Kissing down her neck taking a nip in his teeth he teased and bit causing her to squeal both in pain and excitement. She could already feel her pussy, sopping wet with anticipation causing a wet patch on her panties. 

Max was the essence of patience, taking his time trying to be as gentle as possible. His erection was so hard that it hurt and he tried to adjust it to make it more comfortable. Helping her off with the blouse he took her other breast in his teeth sliding his artful hand down Nicola's silken torso to the top of her slacks. Undoing a button and sliding the zipper down her cupped his hand over her saturated panties. Nicola moaned with passionate excitement as he squeezed digging his fingers into her willing fanny.

Carefully, slowly he slipped her slacks down over her broad hips, off her panties and slowly down her legs. Nicola kicked them off opening her legs, exposing her sodden panty encased sex to his searching hands. Max pushed a hand passed the elastic of her panties coming in touch with her heated cunt. Nicola gasped with anticipation as she felt for the first time a man's questing hand on her most private area. Fingers dipping into her opening her expectant lips to his searching fingers, Nicola thrust her hips up to him moaning, begging him to enter her, take her virginity.
