 I never looked forward to the night bus home from college. It was a long, boring bus ride, 5 hours to Dayton, and then another half hour taxi ride to my moms' house from the bus depot. There is nothing quite so ugly as the Dayton bus depot at 3 in the morning. The bus was often full. At best, I would get a window and an empty seat next to me. At worst, the thing that I dreaded, a drunk fat guy would sit down next to me and want to talk.

On this particular night, I found an empty row, took my seat, turned on my walkman, and opened my book. If luck was with me, the seat next to me would stay empty, and I would be able to sleep for most of the ride.

"Excuse me, is this seat taken?" It was a soft voice, a female voice, with a lazy southern drawl. The voice belonged to an Asian girl, about my own age. She was pretty, short and curvy. She had short black hair, a round face, and lovely bright hazel eyes. Her ears were pierced multiple times, and she sported a little silver septum ring. Her largish breasts were confined inside a man's white button down shirt, and she wore a black miniskirt. 

"Please" I said, putting down my book, "Sit down." I was relieved that I wouldn't have to sit down next to a lonely middle-aged man with an unhappy marriage to tell me about. Plus, I thought she was cute as hell.

As the bus rolled out of the station, we talked a little. We were the same age. Her name was Mitsko, she was from Georgia, and she was taking a year off from school to work. She never told me, and I never asked, why she was taking the night bus to Dayton.

As the bus cruised along the interstate and its diesel engine droned on and on, as the Midwestern night settled down all around us, we stopped talking, and rode silently through the night. I felt sleepy, and it felt nice to be pressed against her warm body. 

I don't know who started it, or how it started, but suddenly Mitsko and I were kissing. We kissed passionately, silently, exploring each other with tongue and lips and breath. I cupped her ample breast with my hand as I deeply kissed her, letting my tongue slip into her mouth, feeling her kiss me back with an intensity that matched my own.

I hadn't been touched in months, and I could feel the physical need in the hot wetness between my legs. We seemed to be all alone in the world. 

I felt her fumbling with the fly of my jeans. The bus was entirely dark. The only light came was reflected back from the headlights, and the dim emergency lights along the center isle. I unbuttoned my jeans and, raising my butt, squirmed out of my panties, letting them fall around my ankles. I lay my jacket down on my lap to partially shield myself. I felt naked and exposed. Nobody could see me, really, but I was surrounded by strangers, almost all of them male. The sense of danger made it extra exciting.

Mitsko put her finger to her lips in a "Shush" gesture, and wiggled out of her own panties. I caught a flash of white silk as she stuffed them into her handbag. Then she guided my eager hand under her skirt, between her thighs. 

I don't know how much time passed as we silently fingered each other to orgasm after orgasm. She was wet when my fingers found her sex, and she opened up to me like a flower. As I circled her hard little clit, she finger fucked me into ecstasy, sliding two fingers deep inside my vagina, and pressing her palm down into my mons in a way that drove me crazy. We kissed and kissed, silencing each others soft moans as we orgasmed. My pussy spasmed again and again. It seemed like I would never stop coming. Eventually, we were sated. I licked my sticky juices off her fingers as she sucked mine like a little cock. I pulled up and buttoned my jeans. She curled up and slept with her head in my lap, like a little girl. Before I too went to sleep, I wrote my phone number down on the back of my bus ticket receipt, and slipped it into her handbag.

When my eyes opened again, we were in Dayton, and the bus was unloading. The harsh glare of the fluorescents hurt my eyes. I had left a big wet spot on the seat. Mistko and I got off the bus and headed in separate directions. I hoped she might call that week, but she never did. I masturbated many times to that night, until it took on a dreamlike quality, and I was almost unsure whether it had really happened or not.

Fast forward seven years. I am living by myself in a studio apartment in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, working as a freelancer, and balancing the knife edge between poverty and relative affluence. For the first time in my life, I'm not constantly broke, I can afford not to have a roommate, and I bought myself a nice computer and an ipod. On the other hand, a slow month could ruin me. I can't afford health insurance. It is a stressful lifestyle.

I am in the shower when my cell phone rings. Dripping wet, I get out, wrap a towel around myself, and check who is calling. I can't afford to miss out on work. It is a number that I don't recognize. That is not unusual. I answer the phone.

"Hello."

"Hello, is this Andrea?" It is a woman's voice, a soft voice with a southern drawl. I don't know who it belongs too, but I feel like I should recognize it.

"This is Mitsko." The voice says, and all of a sudden I remember. "We rode the bus together a long time ago."

My knees feel weak. Memories come rushing back. I don't know what to say.

"I hope you don't mind me calling. I don't know if you remember me. I've never forgotten you, but I was always too afraid to call."

"How... How did you get this number?"

"I called the number that you gave me. I told your mother that I was a friend of yours from school. She gave me your cell number. I hope that's ok."

"Of course it's ok. It's great to hear from you! Where are you now?"

"That's the great thing! I live in New York City now. I was so excited when your mom told me you were here too!"

"I can't believe it, that's great! Would you" I take a deep breath "would you like to get together?"

"I'd love that." She says, and my heart races. I mention a bar near my apartment, the first stop on the L train. She asks me what I'm doing tonight. I say nothing. She says she'll meet me there in an hour.

I recognize her at once. She hasn't changed, not really. She wears her hair in pigtails now, with the tips died blue. Her arms are half sleeved with tattoos, dragons writhing together in an act of violence or copulation. Otherwise, she is dressed in business clothes, an ankle length black skirt, and a black top with spaghetti straps that shows off her cleavage without quiet being immodest. She no longer wears the nose ring, but I think her ears have even more piercings than before. She is beautiful. 

We have a beer and we talk. She has been married and divorced. She has been living in New York a little less than a year. She works in information technology. She lost her job in 2001, but she got hired by a different firm, and moved here last fall. I tell her about my own life. We drink a beer, and another.

We have finished our second beer. Suddenly neither of us seems to be able to find anything to say. I look into her eyes, still as bright and brown and alive as they were that night seven years ago. "I think" I say, the buzz of the alcohol smoothing away my inhibitions "That I need to take you home with me now."

We walk back to my place, hand in hand. My nipples are poking out of my bra, my pussy is on fire. I manage to restrain myself until my front door. As I try to find the key, we are suddenly all over each other, kissing and squeezing and rubbing, kissing as if it is the end of the world.

Finally I manage to get the door open. We fall inside, and onto the futon. Then we are kissing in earnest. Clothes go flying. I can barely stand to remove my mouth from hers, but I want to explore her body. Her breasts are beautiful, large and round, with small brown nipples. Her tummy is round and soft. Her ass is delightful, a pale full moon, soft and supple, a joy to touch and to kiss. Her pubes are completely bare, and a tiny silver ring glitters just above her pink clitoris.

I need to taste her. My naked body slides down hers until I am between her thighs. I can feel the heat radiating from her pussy. I lick her up and down, slathering her with my tongue from her asshole to her clit. I tug gently on her ring with my teeth. She moans and arches her back, offering herself to me totally. I suck on her clit and fuck her pussy with first one, then two and three, then finally four fingers. She comes, her belly shaking, her cunt grasping and pulling at my fingers.

Then she eats me. It is amazing. I don't ever want it to stop. She has two fingers in my asshole and two in my pussy as her tongue is glued to my clit. I start to come, and it just goes on and on, like rolling thunder beyond the horizon.

"Mitsko" I say when I can speak again "I really need you to do something for me."

She looks into my eyes and nods. I go on. I can't believe the words that are coming out of my mouth, but I need her to hear them, so I speak clearly and deliberately. "There is a box under my bed. In the box there is a harness and a number of dildos. I need you to get the harness, to put it on, and to pick out a dildo. Bring the bottle of lube back here with you. Then I need you to fuck me in the ass. Will you do that for me?"

She nods and goes into the bedroom, closing the door behind her. I realize that I am blushing. 

It takes her a few minutes. I worry. I hope she doesn't think it's too weird. We don't even know each other really. We've only ever met twice.

She comes back into the room, and she is wearing the harness. My black silicone dildo projects incongruously from her crotch, bobbing as she walks. I think she looks incredibly sexy. 

I've had the black one in my asshole before, but only by myself, flat on my back in the bathtub, with plenty of lube. It isn't the one I would have chosen for my first time to be fucked in the ass, but I am glad she chose it.

I get on my hands and knees in front of the futon, laying my head on the couch. Together we pour lube all over the dildo, and make my asshole nice and slippery. The lube is cold on my flesh, and makes me shiver with anticipation. Her fingers feel sexy pressing against my anus, opening me up like a night flower.

She kisses me. "I think this is so sexy" she drawls, pressing the head of the artificial penis against my anus. I can feel her breasts pressing against the bare skin of my back. I spread my cheeks wide, and bear down against her.

I can feel it entering me, and for a moment, I don't know if I can take it. "Wait a second. Don't move."

My body relaxes. "Go slowly" I say "I want to feel you inside me." She presses forward, and the dildo slides up my asshole. I feel stretched out, incredibly full. I feel wetness running down my thighs, and I realize that it is leaking out of my pussy. 

I feel her hips pressed against my buttocks, and she whispers in my ear "It's all the way in." 

The dildo feels weird, all the way up inside my bowels. I whisper back to her "Fuck me."

Slowly, tentatively at first, she fucks my ass. It feels so good, I moan out loud. It doesn't hurt, not at all. I am a little surprised. "Harder" I say.

As she gains confidence, she fucks me harder and faster until she is slamming my ass. She slaps me hard, beating each cheek with her bare hand until it feels like they are on fire. Each stinging slap sends a shiver of pleasure through my entire body. She grabs a handful of my hair, pulling and twisting without mercy until I can just shout out "Yes! Yes!" As she yanks my hair, riding my ass like a cowgirl, she reaches under me and finds my engorged clit. She tweaks and rubs my button, slipping two fingers into my tight cunt and diddling my clit with her thumb. It drives me crazy. I buck and twist, fucking back against her, swearing like a sailor. I come so hard that I almost black out. I come again, and yet again. I realize that I am crying.

We let the dildo slip out of my tender asshole. We kiss for a long time. I fuck her again, making her come with my fingers. We find our way to bed, where we sleep intertwined, sweaty and sticky and warm and wet.

We shower together the next morning. She has to go to work. We have coffee. She leaves. I realize that I never asked her for her phone number. I hope that she calls again soon.