 I love being on the radio. I'm the only female DJ on Q 102 in Dallas I do the 7 'til midnight shift Monday through Friday. I have big ambitions. I want to make it either in New York or L.A. I guess that I'm a pretty good looker, because a very popular men's magazine did a spread on me featuring some nude shots on a piece called the Women in Radio. I'm 23 years old I have long blond hair, its real, blue eyes and stand at about five seven. My boobs are 36DD.

The magazine came out a month ago and since then men and women have been hitting on me especially on the phone. Even the stations owners wife has made a pass at me. My air name is also my real name, Kelli Stone. Q 102 is a classic rock station and there is one woman that calls almost every night to request something by Led Zeppelin, and to flirt with me. Her name is Terri Simpson and she's made it clear she wants me. My sex life is not all that great, in fact I've never had an orgasm with a guy. The only time I come is by my own hand. I glance at the clock and its ten 'til ten, just about time for the call from Terri. Right on cue my request line light starts blinking.

"Q 102."

"Hi good looking." It's Terri, right on time.

"Hey Terri, what's happening."

"Guess what I'm doing right now."

I told her I had no idea.

"I'm on my bed with nothing on whatsoever looking at your magazine layout. My pussy is so wet just by looking at your bod, and I'm not even touching it yet.'

"What song do you want to hear Terri?"

"I do have a request, but its not a song. I want you to come to my place when you get off, pardon the pun."

"Terri I don't even know what you look like, or how old you are or anything."

"Kelli, I know you'll like what you see and if you have to know my age, I'm thirty five. Let me ask you something, have you ever been with another woman?"

"No, never, although, I've fantasized about it many times."

I could hear her breathing getting heavier on the phone. "Kelli, you know what I'd like to do to you?"

"I'm looking at the picture of you in the mag where you on your side with one leg raised up and I can see your pretty blond pussy. I'd like to kiss your most kissable lips, then work my way down toward your tits, very slowly, taking a lot of time kissing and biting your nipples. Then I would work my way down finally arriving at that luscious cunt. I have a real long tongue that I would slide down your slit several times before shoving it in as far as I could. I would tongue fuck you hard, going up and down your slick slit and then finding your clit I would wrap my mouth around it, meanwhile sticking at least two fingers back into your golden pussy. With my free hand I would reach up and play with your nipples, pinching and pulling on them. Jeez I'm so hot Kelli. I've got three fingers in my cunt now and my thumb on my clit and it feels so good."

I had to do a quick break on the air and back announce the records I had just played and billboard the next ten in a row, one of which was Stairway To Heaven. " Hang on just a minute."

I could hear Terri moaning and groaning into the phone and I was surprised at how much it was turning me on. I could feel my own pussy getting soaked as I listened.. I quickly got back on the phone just in time to hear Terri coming.

"Oh god Kelli it feels so good, I'm about to come, I'm looking at your pussy, your pretty blond pussy, I want you, I want to taste you and fuck you Kelli, let me meet you." I was so turned on by listening I had to slip my jeans and panties down so I could get to my own pussy. I was running two fingers in and out. I was so wet, making squishy sounds that turned me on further. Stairway To Heaven is a long song, but I didn't need it all. My cunt was like a volcano and I had one of the strongest orgasms I've ever had.

Still breathing hard Terri asked, "Kelli were you getting off while I was?"

"Yes, and I want to meet you."

"Do you really, I promise you won't regret it. Tomorrow is Friday and I know you have the weekends off. Meet me when you get off at midnight at Club 69. Do you know where that is?"

"I've never been there but I know where it is."

"I know what you look like, all over, so I'll be watching for you.

To Be Continued...