 I slept until about noon on Friday. I had to be at the radio station at four to do my production before going on the air at seven. I rolled out of bed to take a quick bath.

As I sank down in the hot water I started thinking about last night and my conversation with Terri. I could feel myself getting all hot and bothered again. My hand wandered down to my cunt. I was surprised at how wet I was, and not from the bath water, if you know what I mean. I pushed my middle finger into my pink zone and began pushing it in and out. I took my other hand and began circling my clit, wondering what Terri would look like. It only took about three minutes until by body shook with a powerful orgasm. I lay in the tub for awhile enjoying the feel of the water on my satiated body, I couldn't tarry long because I had to get going. I washed my hair and quickly finished up my bath. Regretfully, I got out of the tub, dried off and headed for my bedroom to decide what to wear. Settling on a short denim skirt with a tight white tee shirt and just plain white panties and bra underneath. I quickly dressed, slipped on my Reeboks( and headed for work.

My air shift seemed to go so slow, but finally it was midnight and time for the all night man to take over. I left the station and headed for the club. I pulled my RX-7 into the Club 69 parking lot, locked it up and headed for the entrance. As I stepped in the entrance, a strikingly beautiful woman met me at the door. She had long, flowing, jet-black hair that framed an exotic face. She was very tall, probably five eleven, with long, long legs accentuated by very tight jeans and breasts I guessed to be about a 32c . Her almost see through silk blouse took most of the guess-work out of my assessment.

As she approached, she said, "Kelli? Hi, I'm Terri." Without waiting for my reply, she put her arm around my waist and led me to a table and we ordered a couple of Lone Stars. The club was loud and smoky. My chair faced the stage and as we tried to talk, I couldn't keep my eyes off of the girls on stage as they went from topless to completely nude. I noticed that most of the girls' pussies were shaved bare or nearly bare. I watched and tried to listen to Terri at the same time. The longer I watched, the wetter the crotch of my panties got. Over the din of the club I learned that Terri's mother was a full blood Cherokee and her father had some Hispanic roots accounting for her exotic looks. Terri made her living as a videographer, making most of her money shooting weddings.

"You like looking at naked girls, Kelli?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Look, I've convinced you I'm not a serial killer or anything, let's go to my place."

It took Terri about five more minutes to convince me . She even talked me into leaving my car at the club saying people did it all the time. We left in Terri's car and drove to the Oak Cliff section of Dallas. Terri had a nice two story home and once inside we had a glass of wine in the living room. I could tell that Terri was taking her time, not trying to rush me at all. I really liked her.

"Terri, I've got a confession to make. I've never had an orgasm with a man before."

"You're kidding me."

"Nope."

"Has a man ever given you oral sex?"

"A few times, I guess they just didn't know how to do it right."

With that Terri leaned into me putting her hand behind my head and kissed me gently.

"I want to make love to you Kelli, I want to make you cum."

She started kissing me again, this time pushing her tongue past my lips. It was the sexiest kiss I had ever received. I kissed her back and our tongues intertwined. We were both breathing heavily already, and I didn't want this kiss ever to end. Terri pulled my tee shirt out of my skirt and ran her hands underneath and fondled my breasts. When she touched me I could feel the juices running out of my pussy. She stopped too soon for my liking.

"Let's go upstairs to my bedroom where it's more comfortable."

This sounded fine to me. I got off the couch and took her hand and pulled her up. Going up the stairs Terri couldn't keep her hands off me. Her bedroom was large with a king size bed. She had posters of rock stars all over the walls, including a giant one of Melissa Ethridge over her bed. In the bedroom she seemed to get more aggressive.

"Take off all your clothes Kelli." I did as I was told pulling my tee shirt up over my head, unhooked my bra and let it fall to the floor.

"My god, you have the most beautiful tits I've ever seen. Now get out of your skirt."

I leaned down and took off my tennis shoes and socks, raising up I got out of my skirt. I was now standing before her in just my panties.

"Leave your panties on and come here."

I walked over to the bed and Terri pulled me down and pushed me onto my back. She had said she had a long tongue and she sure did. Terri was devouring my boobs, licking, sucking and biting and it felt so good. She spent a lot of time on my breasts and had me moaning and wiggling.

"Does that feel good Kelli."

"Oh Terri it feels incredible."

She kissed the side of my face, my neck, my ears and started kissing her way down lower reaching my panties. She put her hand under the waistband and played with my soaking pussy. By this time we both were moaning. Terri pulled my panties off and stuck them up to her face and breathed in the scent. She tossed them aside and looked me up and down.

"You have the best looking body I've ever seen." Then she jumped up and got undressed. She lay down beside me and we kissed again. Her hand was playing with my pussy, just running it up and down my slit.

"I'm going to put your pussy juice on your nipples and lick it off."

She stroked my pussy with two fingers, then brought her hand to my breast. Spreading a generous amount of my pussy juice on each nipple, she began to lick it off one tit, then the other. Her hand went from my cunt to my nipples several times and it felt wonderful. Again she kissed her way down by body slowly finally reaching my cunt.

"Such a pretty blond pussy," she purred. Terri then buried her face in me rubbing it all over. My hips were twisting around on the bed and I felt like I was going to cum any minute.

Terri inserted one finger, then slipped a second inside me and whispered in my ear, "I'm going to fuck you now.". Starting slowly at first, she ran her fingers in and out, in and out. She then put her tongue on my clit and bit and sucked and flicked it with her tongue. I was so hot.

"Terri, please don't ever stop."

"I'm not going to stop, I'm going to love you all night long."

Nothing had ever felt this good to me, and I didn't want it to end. Terri was panting, moaning and making all of the sounds of love. I wanted to get on the radio and shout to all the women "You've got to try this you'll love it."

"I'm cumming Terri, I'm cumming," and my body was washed with an orgasm, and then another and another. My body was shaking all over and Terri's head was still between my legs. I pulled her up to me and kissed her sweet, soft lips.

"I can taste my pussy on you Terri."

"Tastes good doesn't it."

"Yes and I want to taste yours."

"Not yet, I'm not through with you.'

"But I had three orgasms at one time, that's never happened to me."

"And I'm going to give you many more sweetie.'

We lay with our bodies intertwined.

"When did you know you were a lesbian Terri?"

"I think I always knew. In high school I screwed a lot of boys from the time I was about fifteen, but I was like you, there was something missing. Then I met this girl on the S M U girls basketball team and she turned me on to the joys of womanly sex when I was nineteen."

"You don't miss cock?"

"I get cock."

"You know, I love to give oral sex. Sometimes I could almost come if a guy shot off in my mouth or on my breasts."

Teri climbed on top of me kissing me and grinding her pussy against mine. She started very slow movements and I started moving with her. The longer we went the faster the grinding became. Teri's clit was banging against mine as she hunched me harder and harder and my ass was moving up off the bed to meet each thrust.

"I'm going to make you cum again Kelli, that's it fuck me back."

"Terri, Terri, Terri, Oh Terri, Yes! Yes! Yes."

"Come on Kelli, I'm cumming with you, Oh gawd, you're so beautiful, oh. Oh."

I think that was the best orgasm I had ever experienced. My body was shaking all over as Teri collapsed on top of me.

"I want to taste you Teri."

"You can, I'll be right back."

I watched her long lithe body as she walked to a chest on the other side of the room. Teri pulled something out of the drawer and turned her back to me. When she turned around I could see she had a huge strap on dildo. She took her time ambling back to the bed, swinging the cock in her hand.

Climbing back on the bed, she got that assertive tone again. She lay on her back and commanded "suck my cock." I straddled her at about the knees and bent over taking the huge dildo in my mouth.

"That's it baby, suck it good and hard, make it all wet for your pussy."

I gave her probably the best blow job I had ever given, even though she couldn't really feel it like a man, or maybe she could. She was making sounds and saying things to me like she could. After about five minutes of sucking she pushed me off.

"Get up on your hands and knees." I did and Teri got behind me. I felt her touch me from behind.

"Yeah, you're all wet for me, you like sucking my cock don't you Kelli."

"Yes."

Terri then ran the dildo up and down my slit several times. I leaned back into Teri but she pulled away teasing me with it.

"You want it don't you Kelli, you want my big cock in your sweet blonde pussy."

"Yes, please Teri, put your cock in me now, please."

She began to push it in me just a little at a time, taking her time until finally she gave a final thrust and drove it all the way in me. She fucked me slowly at first putting her hands on my ass.

"Does it feel good?"

"Yes, harder, harder and faster."

"You'll take it like I give it," Teri answered, once again using that assertive voice, but she did pick up the pace until she was slamming me really hard.

She took one hand and placed it on my clit and continued plugging my cunt.

"Yes, play with my clit." I knew I wasn't going to last long. I was going to have an orgasm with a cock, even though it was fake.

"I'm cumming Teri, I'm cumming." Another gigantic climax shook my body.

"Was it good Kelli?".

"Yeah, you make me cum so fast Teri." I was physically exhausted, barely able to move. It was almost six am.

"I'm so tired Teri I can hardly move, but I still haven't tasted you."

"Don't worry babe we've got the rest of the weekend. Turn over and let me snuggle you and let's get some sleep. I rolled over and Teri spooned me. I started to drift off thinking about my first taste of pussy.

To By Continued...