 It was my first night out in a long time. My friends aren't big on clubs, they like movies and Mexican food, so it was a rare treat when Lily had text me that afternoon (always last minute with Lily!) to ask if I wanted to head out on the town for drinks. Of course, I wasn't surprised to learn that her boyfriend had left her and I imagined my night would be 5 hours or more of peeling her off random men.

That being said, I was still excited. I had a shower, light dinner and got ready. She wanted to meet me at 9, so I had plenty of time. I curled my long dark hair into large barrelled ringlets and scoured my wardrobe. I found a black halterneck dress that clung tightly to my body and flowed out from my hips to mid-thigh and decided I would wear that and accessorize in colour -- hot pink stiletto heels, pink bangles and a hot pink clutch purse. 

As I had the time, I experimented with my make-up and decided I liked the look of soft pink eyeshadow with black eyeliner and deep red lipstick. The eyeliner made my doe-like eyes look all the more defined, while the subtle colour didn't detract from the bright colour of my lips. I've always loved my lips -- they have that whole cupid's bow thing going on, and they're full, but not so full that I look like I've got a fat lip or I'm pouting.

The taxi arrived at 8:30 with Lily in the back. Evidently, she had already been drinking. Being blonde, she'd decided on a striking bright red dress and bright red lipstick. She wore false eyelashes with dark smokey eyes and a lot of bronze and glitter across her chest, blush defining her cleavage. Lily always tried to push her breasts up on the rare occasions we went out, though I never saw the point. She was barely into a B cup on a good day, and next to my DDs they pales into insignificance.

However, Lily had a fantastic pair of legs, and a very tight little butt and when I climbed into the taxi I noticed that those too were on show. She was a little thing with a 22" waist, with subtle curves. Gorgeous, by all accounts and very, very drunk.

"Nina-Nina-Nina-Nina-Nina!!" she slurred, and giggled to herself, wrapping her arms around me in the taxi. "I brought a flask, shhh, shhh."

I laughed and shook my head, "Okay honey, you leave that alone for a little while or the night'll be over before we start."

She managed not to touch it for the duration of the taxi ride, as she was too busy whining to me about her now ex. This relationship had lasted a whole 6 months, and that was a record. Though to be fair to Lily, mine was still going and yet Micah was not the only man I was sleeping with. Say what you like about Lily, but she was loyal.

We pulled up in the city centre and I helped Lily out of the car to a few wolf whistles, "Oi oi darlin'! Fucking hell!" some guy all of about 18 years old shouted, elbowing his friends and pointing us out.

I rolled my eyes and we made our way into the first bar. Normally I'd started slowly, but I figured Lily was so far gone I'd better catch up. "Double Jack Daniels and coke please, and..."

"I'll have a blow job! Haha!" Lily leant up on the bar, her arse poking out from the bottom of her dress. She promptly received her first spank of the night from a tall guy in his late 30s, maybe even early 40s and drunk as she was decided he was worth chatting to. I shook my head. 

"Can you make that a straight up Jack Daniels with ice? Thanks." Fuck the coke.

It didn't take long before I was drunk enough that I was on a bit of a fuzzy cloud, where everything was funny and every song was my absolute favourite. It was after my 5th Jack Daniels that some Rihanna song came on and I decided I had to dance. I stumbled to the dance floor and began to bump my hips along with the music.

I got groped a few times but was too busy dancing to notice anything more. When the song finished I pushed off the dance floor and headed back to the bar, where Lily was nowhere to be seen. The pit fell out of my stomach -- where the fuck had she gone? I looked everywhere I could think to; the dance floor, the booths, the bar, the toilets. She was nowhere.

I headed outside and asked a bouncer if he'd seen her. "Yeah, not gonna forget that dress any time soon. She just left with someone about 5 minutes ago."

I shook my head and pouted at him, "Fuck." Was all I could think to say.

"Nina?" I turned sluggishly to face the woman who had tapped me on the shoulder.

I didn't recognise her, and I'm sure as drunk as I was that the confusion was plain on my face. "Do I know you?" I asked, looking her up and down.

he was fake tanned, with false nails and a pink dress that was similar to Lily's in length, but held up with spaghetti straps. She broke it up with a black waspie cinching in her waist and holding up her full breasts. She had dark, straight hair falling down past her shoulders and was about an inch shorter than me in her heels. I would have guessed her age at about 27, only a few years older than me.

She laughed. "No, I'm Emma. Your friend Lily told me to ask you to wait here for her. She said she'd be back in about a half hour." 

I sighed and threw my hands up in the air. "Great! Thanks... for telling me." I turned to go back inside and she caught my arm. I frowned back at her, "What?"

She laughed again, a cute little laugh, and let go of me. "We can hang out if you like, till your friend gets back. I'm still waiting for my boyfriend to meet me when he finished his shift."

I looked at her and in my drunken state decided that I wanted to hug her, so I did. I threw my arms around her neck and pulled her to me, and she placed her delicate hands on my waist. "I take that as a yes then! Come get a drink with me!"

We headed back in to the bar and bought a couple of cocktails. "You just have to try a screaming orgasm!" she'd shouted to me over the music. And so I had. I liked it -- it was something with Baileys and a LOT of cream. And it made me very, very dizzy. I was swaying back and forth, I was sure. I'd reached that pleasant level of drunk where one more would make me very sick and it was as though Emma knew. She slipped an arm around me and pulled me towards the dance floor. "Come on!" she yelled.

I followed and she spun me round so that she stood behind me, her hands rested on my hips as she swayed against me and I mimicked what I could feel of her movements. The song was something random, Cooler Than Me, I think. She leaned in close to my shoulder and giggled against my ear. It was then that I realised the feel of her pressed against my back was making me a little horny.

I could feel her breasts, large but pert against my back, and her hands were gently caressing my hips. Her breath against my neck sent shivers through me and I frowned to myself. I could always appreciate an attractive woman, but I never really got turned on by them. At least, not like this.

The black g-string I had slipped on under my dress was getting quite wet, and I realised that my pussy felt hot. I'd never done anything with a woman, but I already knew I was going to try it. I turned, kicking myself internally and knowing that I was about to be rejected but the thrill of it was making things low in my body tingle.

I slid my hands up around her waist and around her, down over her lower back and towards her arse. It wasn't particularly firm, but it was full and round and I gave her a gently squeeze. Her blue eyes met mine with a look of surprise, but she didn't pull away. One hand went to my side, and then I felt the other cup my breast nervously. 

Before we could decide that it was a bad idea, I leant in and kissed her full on her pretty mouth. Gently at first, and then a little harder. Her grip on my breast tightened and the hand on my waist pulled me closer. Then she began to return the kiss, her tongue slipping into my mouth to find mine and roughly she massaged hers against mine.

Leaving one hand on her arse, I reached up to grab a handful of her hair and pulled it. She jerked back from me and caught my eye again, but from the look she gave me, she was enjoying this. She attacked me with her mouth, tongue viciously seeking mine as her hands explored the curves of my body before she bit my lower lip and tugged on it.

She was a little wild cat, and the alcohol in my system was only fuelling my desire. My clit was swollen against my panties, and I felt tight with excitement. I wondered how wet Emma was, and decided that I wanted to find out. As she pinched my nipple through the fabric of my dress, I slid my hand up under her dress to feel her. 

My fingers met with her hot, wet pussy and for a moment I was shocked. She was not wearing underwear. Then I realised that this was much to my advantage and she had not pulled away. She gasped against my mouth and I felt her panting as she pressed her chest against mine, moving her mouth to my ear, "Touch me." She said.

I was sure we were being watched, but I couldn't have cared any less. It felt amazing as I slipped a finger inside her tight, wet hole. I thought I heard her whimper against my ear and she began to kiss down to the nape of my neck. I moved my finger back and forth, and moved my thumb to flick back and forth over her clit.

Slowly she started to tilt her pelvis towards me, spreading her legs a little further apart and allowing me better access to her lips. I slid another finger inside her and slowly pushed them back and forth, continuing to circle her clit with my thumb.

Someone bumped into us and Emma almost fell into me. For a moment we both realised what we were doing, and I withdrew my hand from beneath her dress. She looked at me, in what I deemed to be an accusing manner and before she could say anything I ducked away, heading for the ladies. What the fuck had I done?

Amazingly there was no queue, and I was able to get straight through and wash my hands. It always amazed me how much the music dulled when the door of a club's restroom closed. There was someone in one of the cubicles, I could hear her talking to someone on her phone. I looked at myself in the mirror and stared. What the fuck, Nina? What the fuck? I had no interest in women, how drunk was I?

Before I could consider it any further, Emma was behind me. She looked at me in the mirror and I could see her chest heaving as she panted heavily. I turned to face her, "Emma, I'm sorry-" I didn't get the chance to finish. Her mouth was on mine and she was pulling me towards the end cubicle. I considered not kissing her back, but her warm mouth on mine set my body on fire. 

I wrapped my arms around her and let her pull me into the cubicle, the sweet taste of the cocktail she had been drinking on my tongue. She maneuvered the door shut behind us and flicked the lock, before she promptly thrust me back against the door. Her hands explored my breasts and went up to my neck, untying the string of the halterneck and exposing my top half. Her mouth moved to my ear, "You know what you're doing with your fingers," she murmured.

Surprised that I had aroused her so much, I giggled and then gasped as she roughly grasped my breasts and lowered her mouth to suck my large pale pink nipple. She teased me with her tongue, sucking roughly and even brushing her teeth over the flesh of my tit. I stifled a moan and moved my hands to roughly pull her dress up to her waist, exposing her lower half.

As my nipples stiffened under her touch, I slipped my hand back down to her bald pussy and used my index and middle finger in a left-to-right motion over her clit. She sighed with pleasure against my nipple and began to kiss around the breast, moving up to my collarbone and then to suck on my neck. "Bite me, please," I whispered.

And she did.

Sharply, her teeth raked against the soft skin of my neck and sent a shiver of pleasure through me. She pinched my nipple between thumb and forefinger and tugged, producing a moan from me that I couldn't cover up. I retaliated by thrusting two fingers forcefully inside her tight, wet pussy, starting fast and hard. She'd had a slow build up on the dance floor.

Emma couldn't hold back the shriek of enjoyment that came from her and had to raise herself from my throat. The girl who was talking on the phone yelled, "What's going on?"

Emma and I giggled, but I didn't stop thrusting my fingers inside her. She panted and bit her lip, her tongue flicking out and tracing a wet line across her upper lip. "You're so hot," I whispered to her and she grinned, her eyes closing as she backed up and braced herself against the cubicle wall. I followed and groped at her left breast with my free hand, and dropped to my knees.

"What are you doing?" she asked as I came face to face with her sweet, wet mound. It wasn't a fake tan; she was tanned everywhere.

I slowed my fingers and began a steady rhythm of pumping them inside her and she sighed, leaning heavily against the cubicle wall as she slowly stepped out of her heels for better balance and spread her legs wider apart for me.

Moving my mouth to her clit, I breathed out against her and she shuddered, her hands slapping flat against the wall. She tilted herself to me, desperate for my tongue on her while my fingers got wetter and wetter with her arousal. I had never eaten pussy before, but the alcohol made me confident and I let my tongue flick out to taste her. She squeaked.

She tasted sweet, and her juices were thick. My hand was soaked, and she was beginning to moisten her thighs. I brushed my lips against her clit and then flicked my tongue over it, circling her with the tip of my tongue and using my free hand to part her lips, exposing the little mound further. I laid my mouth over it and began to suck as Micah often did to me, and I enjoyed. It always brought me to a rather quick and intense orgasm.

"Oh God," Emma squealed, wriggling under my touch. I snaked a hand up her body to cup her breast and feel her hard nipples through the thin fabric of her dress. I pinched her firmly and tugged as I began to thrust my fingers more quickly in and out of her, sucking her clit between my lips and rapidly flicking it with my tongue inside my warm, wet mouth. She tasted good, and I could feel her body beginning to shake.

"Yes, yes," she whispered as a group of women burst into the toilets laughing, loud music with a heavy bass line flowing in as they entered. I didn't stop.

It was then that I felt Emma's pussy begin to clench around my fingers. Once very tightly and then she clapped a hand over her mouth as she sank down onto my fingers, her muscles tightly pulsing around my fingers as heat spread through her lower parts and I felt her against my mouth. This lasted for almost a minute before she grabbed my wrist and my hair and made me stop. "Fuck," she whispered as the girls outside continued their inane chatter. "That was... intense." She pulled me up and kissed me, licking my lips and tasting herself on me. "Mmm... you need to come home with me."

I blinked and remembered one detail. "What about your boyfriend?"

She smiled mischievously, "I don't mind if you don't."