 Note to readers: We met on Literotica and became friends, but we have never met or talked in real life or even exchanged last names. We decided to write a story together, alternating sections and chapters. If the story is a bit disjointed this is the explanation. We apologize and hope you'll enjoy it anyway!



Pam entered the club knowing little about it. She wanted a change in her routine and had heard it was a lively place. But as soon as her eyes got used to the dark she saw her. Linda. Pam froze. Her heart almost stopped. The one person in the universe she had been trying to avoid. Did Linda see her? 

Pam and Linda has been in college together. They shared the same dorm and lived just a few doors apart. Both had similar ideas about life, about going to law school, and similar dreams. They talked constantly, often studied together and called and considered the other their BFF. But there was a stumbling block that only allowed them they only to take their friendship so far.

The problem was that Pam's most frequent dream involved Linda. Pam had noticed the sexy girl in several of her classes, but at first she was afraid to talk with her, or even to look at her. Because looking led to staring, and staring at Linda always made Pam weak in the knees. When she talked with Linda, Pam would avert her eyes somewhat and only discuss their classes because anything else took Pam into the realm of uncontrollable fantasy that inevitably led to self-pleasure. Often Pam would lay in bed after a night of study (especially studying with Linda) or after seeing Linda and an array of different guys getting together at a club or a party. Always Pam would pleasure herself thinking about Linda. 

Pam would lay in her bed waiting for her roommate to fall asleep. She would then slip her hand under the thin blanket and down inside the white simple panties that covered her mons. Pam's mind would wander as she stroked her swelling clit with her finger tips, thinking of that so very sexy woman. Wishing she had the courage to approach Linda honestly and candidly, and say how she felt about her. But Linda was clearly straight, so Pam lived in her fantasy world.
Pam spent countless nights dreaming of what Linda's lips and tongue would feel like dancing along her womanly folds. 

Pam had told no one at college she was attracted to girls, but instead dated girls in a nearby city. She also casually dated a variety of guys, often comparing notes with Linda on the guys they dated. But even though they had been BFFs for years, Pam never told Linda how she felt about her. Finally graduation came and Pam heard the announcer's voice say Linda's name along with hers. Pam accepted her diploma, certain she would never see Linda again.

But there she was. It was dark in the club so Pam didn't try very hard to control her hand, which dropped and, through her clothing, discretely (she hoped!) caressed the folds of her swelled pussy lips. Standing with her legs opened slightly Pam began to dream of what life would be if she were with Linda, if only, back in the day..... 

Then Linda saw Pam - and came over! Pam quickly stopped rubbing on herself and embraced Linda. "It's wonderful to see you! Has it been three months since graduation?" 

Linda squealed with excitement and hugged Pam back. Pam felt their breasts touch and thought to herself that she had just gotten more physical contact with Linda than she had during all of college. Pam told herself that, no matter what happened in the club, she was going to masturbate to thoughts of Linda's breasts tonight.

They sat together at a table and updated the other about their last three months. They talked for hours about dozens of topics. The two BFFs easily resumed their relationship as if it had not been interrupted by graduation. 

Linda told Pam how she had just gotten engaged to Tom, the boy she had been dating her senior year. She said she had been about to call Linda and ask her to be her Maid of Honor. Pam congratulated Linda and accepted.

But, surprisingly, it was Pam's news that dominated their conversation. Pam told Linda how she had come out of the closet immediately after college graduation. Linda immediately abandoned all discussion of her wedding plans and asked countless questions that involved Pam's love life and sexual orientation. 

Finally Linda paused, finished her drink and said that she had an important question to ask Pam. Her sex life with Tom has grown stale and boring, and it had seriously affected their relationship. Recently Tom had started pressuring Linda to have sex with another woman while he watched, or to bring another woman into their bed. It was all for his viewing pleasure and – he said – to spice up their sex life. Linda had been resisting, strongly resisting, but Tom had been threatening to break off their engagement if she didn't comply. 

Linda wasn't sure she could stay together with Tom because his control over sexual matters was becoming more and more typical of how he treated her generally. He had been getting increasingly selfish, bossy and neglectful. But she wanted to do everything possible to salvage their relationship. After repeated arguments with Tom she finally agreed to his sexual wishes. So she screwed up her courage and resolved to find a girl to share with Tom. And now that she knew her best friend was a lesbian....

Pam stared at Linda, her soft tongue sliding along her bottom lip as Linda told Pam about her rocky engagement. But between Pam's legs her pussy grew wetter by the minute, almost to the point of soaking the mini black thong she had put on that day.

After Linda finished Pam reach out her hand, touching Linda's, and in a soft voice, almost a whisper, asked Linda whether she was allowing Tom to force her into something she didn't want to do. And whether Linda had ever, on her own, thought about making love with another woman. "If you don't want to, please don't let him force you. And there's something else ... I can't quite express it – but I think it's very strange he expects you to find the girl. You don't even want to do it. I would have thought he would do the finding and then tell you that you have to fuck her...And to threaten not to marry you if you don't fuck the girl in front of him...OMG!"

Linda paused, and then replied: "Is he forcing me? Yes. He certainly is. And I too thought that since he's insisting on it, he should get the girl for us to have sex with. Isn't picking up girls... the guy's role? But he kept insisting that I had to find her because it should be someone that I like. He said he'll happily watch me fuck any girl I find. But I think what's really going on is that he's either being really lazy, or he's chicken. Maybe he's afraid he won't be able to find a girl, that every girl will reject him, so he's making me do it....Also, recently he's become more and more of a control freak – both sexually and in general. Maybe it's just another example of him ordering me around?"

"I've thought long and hard about breaking up with him over this, but then decided to give our relationship, our forthcoming marriage, one last try. And, to be honest, I've sometimes wondered what it would be like. Girls are ... pretty. Really pretty. Like you. And soft, sweet and gentle, and I like girls' hair.... your hair. I once kissed another girl on a dare, in a bar, and that was really nice. Better than kissing a guy, maybe. But I'm also... a bit scared, and I sure don't know how far I'd want to go...."

Pam heart started beating faster and faster. At that moment Pam knew that she had a chance! A chance! Of making love with the girl of her dreams. And maybe even more. While she sure didn't want to push Linda, she also didn't want to pass up what could be a once in a lifetime opportunity. The possibility of making love with this incredible woman. Her college crush. The woman who to this day was her source of endless nights of self-pleasure. Of endless dreams. Of unrequited love. She had to try. She decided to be honest and candid (a least concerning her sexual feelings towards Linda. Her emotions would have to wait). 

Pam looked intensely at Linda. Still touching her hand, Pam squeezed and smiled. "Linda - I'd love to be the one. I promise we'll go slowly, and only as far as you like. If you want to stop after just one kiss, that's OK. But I'd be honored if you decide to go further. And if I may be frank with you Linda... I've been with a number of girls. For six of them, well, they were girl virgins. All six loved it. None were grossed out even a little bit. None told me to stop. All 6... came. In fact, all 6 came like crazy, multiple times. They all were happy we had made love. Really, really happy afterwards."

Linda was staring open mouthed at Pam while she spoke. Finally Linda recovered. "Six were ... girl virgins! And by "girl virgins" you mean..."

"Yes Linda. But none of them meant anything to me. They were just nice girls who were curious, girls looking to try something new. But with you... OMG Linda, you were my BFF for years. I idolized you. You're awesome! I feel incredibly close to you. Closer than to anyone." 

And then Pam added, to herself, "The other girls were just about sex. I was in love with you. Only with you."

With that Pam leaned forward until her lips were just inches from Linda's. Staring at Linda, not knowing or caring whether anyone in the bar was watching them, Pam leaned in and kissed Linda's soft lips as Pam squeezed Linda's hand. Softly. Gently. For a few seconds. 

The combination of long-suppressed emotions and the softness and fullness of Linda's lips made Pam's pussy almost drip into her soaked mini-thong. Pam pulled slightly away, looking into Linda's eyes to see how she was reacting, all the while tasting Linda's strawberry lip gloss. 

Linda blushed as she realized she was in a public place. She thought that everyone must have seen the sweet kiss of two woman. But she didn't care. "Pam – you're so beautiful that just looking at you almost makes me melt."

Even though Pam's head had pulled back a few inches, her hand never left Linda's. Pam looked directly at Linda, still holding her hand. And then Linda did something unexpected. 

Linda kissed Pam! With incredible passion! A deep, long kiss normally associated with lovers in the throes of lovemaking. Pam was startled but of course pleased. The kiss went on for so long that other patrons in the bar started to stare. Men and women both. Heads turned and whispers and murmurs started. But neither Pam nor Linda cared.

Linda wondered whether kissing a woman was simply much better than kissing a man, or whether the reason for her ecstasy was that the woman she had just kissed was her old buddy. Her beautiful and sexy BFF. Or whether her enjoyment had more to do with her growing resentment with Tom. 

Linda, red faced and blushing, whispered that she had really enjoyed the kiss. And in an even lower whisper, one so quiet that Pam had to lean in to hear it, stammered that she was getting moist between her legs, and that her nipples were hard under her lacy bra. 

Upon hearing this Pam squeezed Linda's hand and asked whether she would like to go someplace more private. Pam offered that she lived only a 5 minute drive away. Pam smiled a joy she had not felt in years when Linda agreed to go. Pam thought that soon Linda might be her 7th seduction of a girl virgin, and reflected that 7 had always been her lucky number. But she also reflected that if she succeeded in seducing Linda, it would be the first time the seduction was about love instead of just sex.

They paid their bill and got into their cars. Linda followed Pam, whose mind was working overtime during the short car ride. Her standard seduction involved soft lights, candles, romantic music, wine, and slow, gradual, gentleness. But this seduction would be different. Because Pam rally cared this time – and this realization made her nervous. 

Pam even started to wonder about her previous seductions of straight or bi-curious girls. Many lesbians wanted nothing to do with them, but Pam reveled in this. Maybe because she was somehow trying to make up for not being courageous enough, for so many years, to tell Linda the straight girl (or was she?) how she felt about her?

They parked their cars and Linda wordlessly followed Pam to the door of her condominium. 

Pam unlocked her door and gestured to Linda to enter, thinking that, in light of what Pam hoped would happen after they got inside, she really should be carrying Linda over the threshold.


Pam reflected that every previous time she had been the ultra-confident seducer of a nervous girl virgins. But this time she might have been the more nervous one because she was about to have a chance – a chance - to seduce the love of her life. Pam unexpectedly found herself almost paralyzed with a bad case of nerves.

Before Pam could decide what to do – should she first put on music, pour wine, light candles, or? - Linda attacked her! With a ferocious lust that must have reflected her long repressed feelings for Pam, her hostile feelings towards Tom, or both.

Before Pam knew what was happening Linda was standing face to face, lips to lips, leaning in for a soulful kiss. Linda and Pam explored each other's lips and mouths with a ferocity that left Pam speechless. Pam never expected the evening to progress his way, but she sure was enjoying it.

Finally breaking the kiss Pam looked into Linda's eyes. All thoughts of music or wine were gone. Taking Linda's hand, Pam led her down the hall. With weak knees Pam could only think what would come that evening as she gallantly opened the door to the bedroom. The lights were softly down with fresh bed sheets on the bed (something Pam not did not normally do, but she had a feeling that morning....)

Suddenly Linda stopped. And let go of Pam's hand. And started to quake.

"I'm sorry Pam. I can't. I'd love to, but I just can't."

Startled at the turn of events, Pam replied, "Linda, its normal for a girl to be nervous right before she loses her virginity. It's completely normal. I understand."

"No. You don't understand. I've decided that I don't want to do his... to lose my (Linda paused) "girl virginity". I can't."

"Linda – what's wrong? Don't you find me attractive? A short time ago you said I was pretty! And you clearly loved our kiss. Why don't you want to consummate our friendship by... making love with me?"

"That's the problem. That's just the problem."

"I don't understand, Linda. What's the problem?"

"You're.... too pretty! Too beautiful! Too sexy! You're a walking work of art. Physical and sexual perfection compared to a man. And your kisses were so much better than anything... I'm afraid that if I go any further with you I'll never want to have anything to do with a man again. With Tom... Just looking at you I can tell I'll be spoiled sexually. I may have gone too far already, in fact. I should just go back to Tom, close my eyes, lay back and think of you, and let him fuck me.... It won't be so bad.... We have to stop right now!"

Pam looked deep into Linda's eyes, taking a hand and sliding it around the waist of the confused girl. Pam leaned in and kissed Linda soft lips and caressed her hand softly, calming Linda's nerves. Several times Pam has seen this. An inexperienced woman reacts to her lifetime of conditioning and starts to have second thoughts. Compounded by her engagement to Tom and his controlling nature, all Pam could do was to hope a kiss would bring Linda back to her senses. And to her arms and bed!

Pam gently kissed Linda. First Linda froze, but then started to return the kiss. Pam reached for Linda's hand once more and, without words, led her to the foot of her bed. Pam then reached for her other hand as well. Looking deep into Linda's eyes Pam could see that, despite Linda's fears, Linda really wanted this. 

Pam's hands ran up Linda's arms, caressing her softly. Pam once more leaned in and kissed Linda softly on the lips as Pam's fingers found the top button on Linda's blouse. Breaking the kiss but still looking into Linda's eyes, so close they could feel each other's breath, Pam opened the first button slowly. With soft kisses on Linda's neck and soft whispers in Linda's ear Pam said, "Trust me Linda. You're in safe hands now."

Pam slowly opened all of Linda's blouse buttons and slipped her soft warm hands inside, touching Linda's soft skin, letting her fingers wander in a soft and loving way over Linda's body. Linda was motionless, feeling and watching Pam. Suddenly Pam reached around and, in a catlike motion, unhocked Linda's bra and removed it! This left Linda braless, with her blouse completely unbuttoned.

Before Linda could react Pam did the same to herself. In only a few seconds both girls were braless, with unbuttoned blouses. Then Pam stepped in for another kiss. But this time the kiss was not soft, not tentative. It was the kiss that only a passionate a girl can only give to her true love. A kiss that did not just embody sexual passion, not just lust. It was a kiss that embodied the love that Pam felt – which she had long felt – for Linda. Even though Pam never uttered the 3 magic words, Linda heard them. Both women knew that Pam was in love with Linda.

Their breasts pressed against one another's as they embraced. They kissed with more and more passion as their nipples massaged each other's. Their long kiss, caressing breasts, and roaming hands all said, "I love you."

As Linda and Pam kissed and used their hands to caress each other, so did their nipples. Pam could feel the moistness of her pussy start to flow, adding to the soaked panties Pam had been wearing, adding to the arousal flowing in the bedroom!

Slowly Pam slid Linda's blouse past her shoulders letting it drop to the floor, but she couldn't stop rubbing Linda's nipples with her own! Breaking the kiss, Pam's eyes looked into Linda's. Pam's hands slipped down to Linda's skirt and, with a slight tug, slipped the skirt past Linda's smooth and curvy hips. The skirt slid to the floor leaving Linda standing breast to breast with Pam, wearing just her panties, stockings and heels!

With Pam's fingers still holding Linda's hips, Pam's fingers found the waist of Linda's panties. Pam stepped back a few inches, looked Linda in the eyes, and slowly slid the panties past Linda's hips till they also dropped to the floor around Linda's ankles, leaving Linda standing in just her silk smooth thigh high stockings and smart heels.

Linda stood almost motionless, almost in shock, paralyzed with nervousness, anticipation and lust. Pam quickly stripped herself completely and kissed Linda again. Maintaining the kiss, she took a step towards Linda and wrapped herself around Linda's body. Pam thrust her upper thigh against Linda's pussy, and rubbed her thigh into Linda's sopping wet pussy, caressing Linda's clit. Linda maintained the kiss for only a few seconds when she started to moan.

"Please stop, Pam,,,. If you keep .... doing that .... I'm afraid... that I'll... I'll...."

"That you'll ...become a real woman?"

"What... I don't understand...."

"Sex with men is only practice, a warm up for the real thing. Real sex is sex with another girl, and only real sex will turn you into a real woman. So come for me, baby. Come! And become a real woman! If you come with a woman that makes YOU a real woman!"

As Pam rubbed her thigh harder and harder against Linda's swelling clit she felt her own juices flow. Pam delighted in the warm wet feeling of soaking herself. But soon Linda's voice became quiet as she arched her hips increasingly forward, and suddenly let out a tremendous breath, as if she were a balloon that had popped. Linda had a come so hard she felt it down to her core, and then slumped with exhaustion. Pam held Linda and kissed her passionately as Linda rode out the pleasure that was flowing from her thighs.
