 Nicole stopped out the front of Beth's house and tooted her horn. In a matter of moments, Beth appeared in the doorway, obviously calling something out to someone inside. Nicole smiled as she saw her girlfriend bound across the front yard to the car. It had been an adjustment to start thinking of her as her girlfriend, but she was getting used to it and loving it too. 

Beth opened the door and climbed into the car. She was wearing a bikini top with a miniskirt over her bottoms. Nicole eyed her up and down, taking in the beauty that was before her, before leaning in to give Beth a quick kiss. They just pecked, not wanting to have to explain to anyone that might be watching from inside the house. 

"I don't think that I'll be able to let you drive all the way there dressed like that," Beth said, checking out the t-shirt and shorts that Nicole was wearing. 

"And why is that?" asked Nicole. 

"Well, its just not sexy enough. I can't get a good look at that wonderful bod that I know you've got hidden away in there." 

Nicole laughed, "Don't worry, I am sure you'll get to see enough to keep you satisfied, but there was no way I would have gotten out of the house if I'd walked out in my bikini like you did." 

"Yeah, I guess your parents are stiffs, after all." Both of the girls laughed at that. "So what beach are we going to then?" asked Beth. 

"Now that is a surprise my sweet," answered Nicole, grinning. 

"Goody, I like surprises!" squealed Beth, imitating an excited seven year old. The both laughed again and then a cool song came on the radio and they broke out into loud, enthusiastic song together with the radio. 

After they had been driving for awhile, Beth started playing with the air conditioning vents on her side of the car before putting her feet up on the dash. She slid her bum forward a little and Nicole couldn't help but look and see that her bikini bottom was well and truly exposed from the tiny skirt. 

"mmmmm, nice view but what exactly are you doing?" 

"Well honey, since you ask, I'm horny as fuck and so I thought I might just aim this nice cool stream of air right in here between my legs and enjoy the cool stream of air on my pussy!" laughed Beth, spreading her legs and exaggerating her enjoyment of it. "And just how far away is this beach anyway?" 

"Its about another half hour away. But don't worry, its worth it. And if you really want to cool your pussy down, why don't you just take your bottoms off? Then you'll get a nice stream of cool air straight on those gorgeous lips of yours." 

"Somehow, I think that despite the cool air, sitting here beside you with my pussy out isn't likely to get it any cooler." 

"Well, how about you take off your bottoms and play with it for me. I want you to orgasm whilst I drive us there. I want you to stick a finger in your pussy and give me a taste of it while I drive," dared Nicole. 

"Well if you put it like that," said Beth, adjusting in her seat to lift her skirt high enough to pull her pants down. She slid the red bikini bottoms down her shapely legs, exposing her smooth, shaved bush to the delight of her girlfriend. 

"mmm, now that's what I like to see," said Nicole, torn between watching the road and stealing glimpses of the wonderful sight beside her. 

Beth adjusted herself one last time and then started touching herself. She ran her finger up and down the lips of her pussy, tickling the smooth skin, sending small shocks of pleasure through her system. Then she ran her finger up the length of her pussy, gently parting the lips, feeling the moisture begin to seep out as she relaxed and pleasured herself. Using her left hand to spread her lips, she used her right hand to slowly rub against her clit, her finger circling around and around. She worked her clit, stroking it and circling it, whimpering with pleasure. 

"You smell so good … I might have to stop this car," said Nicole wistfully, still dividing her attention between the road and her masturbating girlfriend. 

"No way, you put me up to this and you just have to drive! You started it, I'll make up my share of the rules too though," laughed Beth. And with that, went back to stroking herself. She slid a finger inside her wet pussy. She drew it out and seductively sucked at her finger, driving Nicole to distraction. She slipped her finger in again, and this time, lifted her hand to Nicole's face so that her friend could suck at her juices. As Nicole sucked and nibbled at her finger, she let her left hand awkwardly fumble around her clit. 

Returning her attention fully to herself, Beth set about bringing herself to orgasm. She rubbed her clit, concentrating on getting the pressure and rhythm just right to maximise her pleasure. She felt her juices slicking up her genitals and sighed with pleasure when she could feel them oozing their way over her anus. 

As she approached her climax, Beth felt Nicole's hand on her breast, pinching at her nipple through the fabric of her bikini. That was the last bit of pleasure that she needed to send her over the edge. She clamped her legs together as her pussy worked its way through its orgasm. 

"I think you're gonna have to clean your car seat," laughed Beth as she recovered. 

"Oh, I don't think that's too much to ask," Nicole replied. 

They drove on, chatting and enjoying the road. After awhile, they pulled up in the car park at the beach. There were hardly any cars on their which Beth thought was cool. Then she noticed the sign announcing which beach it was. 

"I can't believe you brought me to a nudist beach!" she exclaimed to Nicole. 

"What's the matter, don't think you can get that hot little arse of yours out in the sun for me?" 

"No, I think its hot I just can't believe you brought me here," laughed Beth. She clambered out of the car, grabbing her bikini bottoms and her towel. She stood beside the car, pulling her pants back on as Nicole also got out of the car and locked it up. She moved around and grabbed Beth by the hand, leading her down to the beach. 

Once their, they looked around to see where they should set up their spot. They decided to move further away from the car park so that they wouldn't be the first thing that someone got to see if they happened to come down to the beach. 

They moved past a couple of older couples, giggling at the look of the old men as they all but drooled at the two gorgeous young girls mincing their way across the sand hand in hand. After a bit of walking they found a nice spot around an outcropping of rock. They dumped their stuff and Nicole quickly peeled her t-shirt off over her head, revealing a hot pink bikini. 

"Oh wow, that suit is nearly as hot as what its on!" Exclaimed Beth. "I think that I could eat you right now!" 

"Well, I think you should wait just a little bit, its not good to eat just before you go swimming you know." 

Nicole pulled her shorts down quickly, the reached behind her to unclasp her bikini. She dropped it on top of her towel and stretched, her nipples pointing tantalizingly at her girlfriend. Never one to miss an opportunity, Beth stepped in closer and quickly took a nipple into her mouth, sucking on it before nibbling it gently. 

"God that feels good," said Nicole, "but I think that there's a little too much clothing around here for a nudist beach." 

"You know, I think that you could be right." Beth said, releasing her own breasts from their constraints. She then undid the zip on her skirt before sliding her bikini bottoms down her legs for the second time that day. Nicole was doing the same, removing her shorts and her low cut boy-leg bikini bottoms as well. 

"I so love your shaved pussy Beth. I think that I might have to finally get around to trying it for myself." 

"Yes! Please. I'll shave it for you if you like? I would so love to get to do that to you." 

"Well, I'll think about it. Maybe I'll let you do it for me a little later this week. Right now though, I'm gonna go feel all that water over this nekkid butt of mine." And with that, she ran off across the sand to the water. Beth watched her girlfriend's tight but and long legs as they danced their way across the sand before squealing and chasing after her. They plunged into the water and swam around together, touching, feeling and kissing. They stood in the water together with it up to their necks, their breasts pressed together, the water flowing between their abdomens, their lips locked together, tongues twirling and swirling about each other's mouths. 

Beth's hand found Nicole's pussy beneath the water, her fingers running through her trimmed hair to find the entrance to her heaven. She slid a finger between the lips and pushed inside, but the water was removing the moisture too quickly so she pulled them out again and dragged Nicole back towards the beach. 

The two girls returned dripping wet and horny to their towels where they spread them out together, side by side. The dropped to their towels and leant into each other, the mouths again seeking each other out, their hands caressing and searching each other's bodies. Nicole sought out Beth's breasts with her mouth, sucking salt from her nipples, drawing them away from the breast, exciting them, extending them, getting them hard so that she could trap them between her lips and pull on them some more. Beth moaned beneath her, feeling Nicole's hand as it gently stroked her body, grazing over her hip, her thigh, back up to touch her tummy, to caress her ribs just below her breasts before grasping a breast and drawing it to her mouth again. 

Beth rolled onto her back to enjoy the sensations Nicole was conveying upon her body. Nicole's hands caressed her,, touching her gently, running down her sides, almost too ticklish for Beth to handle, but not quite. She stroked down her thigh, coming back up the inside of her other leg, the heat of her palm seeming to bring a rush of heat to her loins. The hand missed her pussy though and came up over her bald mound before gently rubbing her tummy. Nicole knelt up beside her girlfriend and let her hair cascade down over her head to stroke Beth's body. She lowered her head and used her tongue to lick along the line where her breast met her abdomen, tracing the curve across her ribs the across and under the other breast, continuing up to lick at the join between arm and chest above the armpit. Her own nipple grazed across Beth's belly as her head moved about her upper body. 

Nicole flicked her tongue first at Beth's right nipple, then at her left, then she straddled her lover, sitting across her thighs, her pussy wet and opened above her legs. She used her tongue to move further down Beth, tracing circles around her belly button, dipping into it, feeling Beth writhe beneath her. She licked further down, slowly, slowly, making her way down to the target, then moving up and across Beth's tan line to lick at the curve at the top of the hip. She ran across her tummy to the other side, trailing her tongue, her nipple dipping to graze Beth's mound occasionally, her hands stroking Beth's body, driving her wild. 

As she moved lower on her lover, Nicole slid a knee between her legs and drew her tongue down her belly. As her tongue moved lower she pressed her own wet pussy down onto Beth's leg, spreading her juices across her knee, and her shin. She licked right down across the mound, then down towards her pussy, but she licked only along the outside of the lips, then down to her thigh, licking and nibbling at the flesh of Beth's inner thigh. 

Beth was now truly wriggling beneath her and when she stopped briefly, Nicole noticed the juices leaking slowly from her pussy. 

"God, just fuck me already!" Beth whimpered, desperate for some touch on her pussy after the build up. 

"Oh, my poor sweety, why don't I release all your tension?" Nicole laughed as she pushed Beth's legs apart and her knees up towards her chest. With her legs spread slightly and her knees pulled up, Beth's shaved pussy was presented beautifully to Nicole who was eyeing off the glistening juices. 

Nicole lowered her face and used her tongue to gently lick around Beth's anus which was covered in her juices. She circled her tongue, slowly moving in decreasing circles until she was licking right at the puckered little hole. She pushed against it slightly and Beth moaned in pleasure. Then she moved her tongue up further and licked again at the outside of her lips. She used a finger to run down the slit of her pussy, teasing. 

Then she stuck her tongue out and pushed it straight into Beth's hole, penetrating her before licking up towards her clit. When she reached that little button of happiness, Beth all but exploded on the spot. She arched against Nicole who was pushing her legs back, opening the pussy for its attentions. 

Nicole's tongue, having found its home, worked at Beth's clit. Slowly but surely, she worked her way through the alphabet, licking each letter in turn on and around Beth's clit. First she did it in capitals, and then in lower case. She made it to m when Beth squealed out as an orgasm blasted its way through her. Nicole tried to keep going but Beth pushed her away, letting the orgasm course through her, enjoying the bliss. 

With Beth's juices dripping from her tongue, Nicole moved up to kiss her, Beth eagerly taking her in her arm's, their breasts mashing together as their tongues exchanged Beth's juices and their saliva back and forth. 

Nicole sat back upon her towel and gently stroked Beth's body. "I told you this was a good beach." 

"It sure is, but I think that its time that you too learnt just how hot this beach can get," Beth said seductively. So saying, she let her hands roam over her girlfriend's body, touching her nipples, tickling her ribs. Nicole lay back, sighing as she enjoyed the touch of her lover along with that of the sun. 

Beth sat beside Nicole and started stroking her pussy. "I can't wait to shave this off you," she said as she ran a finger through her trimmed bush. "I want you all smooth so that I can rub my face all over your bald mound. But I guess I'll have to be happy with just eating you up for now. She slid her finger up and down Nicole's pussy, sliding between the lips, pushing inside. Nicole let her legs fall apart as Beth pushed a second finger inside her. 

Beth pushed them in and out, careful to brush against Nicole's clit as she moved her head down to suck on Nicole's taught nipple. She loved Nicole's small breasts and the way the nipples stuck out proudly from them. She ran her tongue around them and over them as her fingers fluttered in and out of her pussy. Then she withdrew her hand to wipe Nicole's pussy juices from her breasts and suck it off again. 

Her hand returned to the pussy as her lips sought out Nicole's own and they kissed as Beth plunged three fingers inside her lover. Nicole reached up and too Beth's proud little breasts in her own hand, squeezing it, pulling it, tugging and flicking at the nipple as they kissed. Beth pulled back a bit from Nicole. 

"Sit on my face and cum for me." She said. Nicole happily agreed and as Beth lay down on the towel, positioned herself on her knees with a leg either side of her head. She slid her knees along the ground sideways, lowering her pussy until it was pressed against Beth's open and inviting mouth. 

Beth clamped down upon the clit that she now had pushed into her mouth and began to suck at it. Her tongue curled up beneath it, the tip licking at the hole of Nicole's pussy as the clit was rubbed and thrust against the broad flat top of her tongue. She looked up, seeing those nipples jutting straight out from the pert little breasts above her. With one hand she reached up to pinch a nipple, whilst the other snaked around behind Nicole to caress her bum. 

Nicole moaned at the pleasure that she was receiving, moving and grinding her pussy into her girlfriend's face. She felt Beth's hand on her butt and leaned forward slightly, lifting it whilst pushing her clit harder on the tongue. 

Beth felt Nicole shift her weight and slid her hand further around her but so that she could probe at her anus. She felt the finger push slightly against the entrance and as the tip slid in, she exploded in orgasm, the combination of the attention on her pussy and this new experience with her bum too much for her to hold onto. She slid back down the length of Beth's body so that she could lay atop of her and kiss her. As she recovered, she moved off of Beth and suggested that they should probably get around to putting some sunscreen on. 

She took the bottle and squirted some on Beth's prone form, taking great delight in applying it to her breasts, stomach, pussy and everywhere else. When Beth had rolled over onto her stomach, she continued the process all over her back. As she neared her bottom, she asked Beth why she had done that to her arse. 

"I was watching Sally on her cam and she stuck a candle in her bum whilst she masturbated. I was curious and tried it myself. So I thought I should share it with you." 

"Cool," said Nicole, sliding her hand between Beth's legs, touching her pussy and then running her finger back across her puckered little butt hole. Beth's legs moved further apart and Nicole fingered her pussy, sliding a couple of fingers in and out. Then she pushed a now-lubricated finger against the opening to Beth's butt. It slid in a little. Nicole pushed further and Beth moaned. Nicole pulled her hand away and finished putting the sunscreen on her legs. 

Beth then applied the cream to Nicole, teasing her squeezing her as she did it. 

"The only problem with this is the fact that I don't like the taste of sunscreen!" laughed Nicole. "I guess we'll have to wait until we get home again and see if we can manage some time together." 

They spent another hour or so on the beach, looking at each other's naked bodies, touching, kissing and having a good time. 

"Time for us to go," Nicole said eventually. "I can't believe we have to go back to school tomorrow." 

"OH well, at least we get another weekend at the end of it," laughed Beth as they packed up and headed home.