 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Colleen had been busy since coming home from work repainting her bedroom and she was tired. Her room looked great now, a nice soft blue color. But the smell was bad still. Since her daughter Lisa was staying at her friend Laurie's home for the night, she thought, "I'll sleep in her room tonight."

She then went and got into the shower. After that, Colleen put on some night clothes and went into the living room to read. At 11:30pm she glanced at the clock and said to herself, "Oh, I didn't know it was so late."

She got up and walked into her daughter's bedroom, laid down and was asleep in just a few minutes. An hour and half later, Lisa came home with her friend Laurie in tow. They had been to a bar and Laurie was pretty drunk. Since they were closer to her home than Laurie's, Lisa thought it best to come home.

As she walked into the house, Lisa thought to herself, "Mom should be asleep. Better keep it down."

Lisa led Laurie to her bedroom door and said, "Stay right here for a moment Laurie."

Laurie laughed. Lisa spoke quickly, "Quiet! Don't wake my Mom."

Laurie giggled but stayed quiet. Then Lisa said to her, "Stay here. I have got to pee so badly."

She then went into the bathroom and closed the door. Laurie looked at the closed door for a moment, than she turned and walked back down the hall to the living room. Laurie then collapsed on the sofa and was out cold. When Lisa came out of the bathroom a few minutes later and didn't see Laurie, she thought, "Damn, I hope she went into my room."

Lisa opened her door slowly and peeked in. She saw that someone, Laurie she thought, was on her bed and all ready under the covers. And she thought, "I'm going to take advantage of this."

She slowly walked in, took off her clothes. When she got to her bed, she slowly pulled back the covers. Her room was pitch black so she could not see at all. Lisa slowly kissed the person's feet and worked her way up the legs. When she reached the sweet pussy, Lisa started to lick and suck. All this time, the person didn't say a word. She only squirmed a little and moaned. 

Lisa kept at it and soon the person had an orgasm. Lisa then got up off the bed, moved forward, got back on and climbed onto the person, sitting on the face of the person. Lisa then reached back and pinched a breast to make her point. The person then started to eat her pussy.

Colleen had been fast asleep when she felt someone kissing her feet and working their way up her legs. "I must be dreaming," she thought. But the unknown person kept kissing her legs and finally reached her pussy. And then started to lick and eat her. "Oh my god," she thought to herself, "It's been so long since I had sex."

The licking and sucking was kept up and soon Colleen had an orgasm. Then she felt the person get off you bed. Then the person got back on and straddled her head. "No, I can't," she thought to herself. 

But then the person pinched her breast. "I haven't done this since college," she thought.

Then the person pinched her breast harder. "Ouch."

Seeing she had no choice, Colleen proceeded to start to lick and suck on the pussy above her. Soon the person started to moan and after a few minutes, had an orgasm.

When Lisa had her orgasm, she slid down and hugged the person saying, "Oh baby. We'll do that again."

Colleen, now wide awake, said, "Lisa, is that you?"

"Mom? How did... What..."

Lisa reached over and turned on her bed side light. The two women looked at each other for a minute, and then started to laugh. Colleen stopped first and said, "Oh sweetheart. That was great. I love you."

"I love you Mom. But..."

Colleen held a finger up to Lisa's mouth and said, "Its ok honey. It was an accident. A good one."

Lisa then hugged Colleen and said, "Can we do that again? Could we be lovers?"

"Oh, baby. People wouldn't understand. It is incest."

"I don't care. It's none of their business. I enjoyed that and I want more."

"Ok, my love."

Lisa then kissed her mother hard while fondling her tits. After a time, Lisa slid down again and found her mother's pussy. After she brought her mother another orgasm, Colleen went down on Lisa again and soon brought her daughter to an orgasm. The two women than fell asleep in each other's arms.

The next morning, they got up early and found Laurie still on the sofa. Lisa woke her up and took her to bathroom to shower. When they all were ready to go, Laurie turned to Lisa and said, "So, you and your mom did it last night. That is so hot."

"What? No..."

"I went to the bathroom. I heard you two. Such sluts."

"We are not sluts."

"Oh, you just had sex with your mother. What would people say?"

"Don't say anything. Please."

"I won't. On one condition."

"What's that?"

"Simple, you include me next time," Laurie said while laughing.

"Oh, you," Lisa responded laughing too. She then called out, "Mom, come here please."

Colleen walked up saying, "Yes dear."

"Laurie heard us last night. She wants to join us next time."

"Really?" Colleen replied. Then reached out and took one of Laurie's hands in hers saying, "No time like the present, is there?"

Colleen pulled Laurie to her, kissed her hard, then kissed her daughter and led both young women to her bedroom. The three then made love and from then on, the three were inseparable.