 by BrettJ © 2015



Jaslyn Miller pulled her classic Thunderbird into the parking lot of the motel. She hoped that no one had seen her or the car. She had to be discreet and taking her car had been a terrible risk. She was one of only two people in the city who owned a classic 1957, red Thunderbird. It had been a wedding present from her daddy, who owned a slightly newer model. She and her dad had spent several hours working on restoring this car and she was stunned when he gave it to her. "I'm upgrading and don't need this old thing," he had teased her. She gave her daddy a huge hug and immediately drove it over to show her fiancé. That should have been her first sign that her marriage might not prove to be the fairy tale she had been expecting.

"Shit, you're driving a nicer car than I am," Ferris had complained. He went on a tirade for over 30 minutes, complaining about her car and then, the usual fact that she made more money than he did. She had driven home in tears, although she had not been sensible enough to call off the wedding. Now she realized that she should have, but it was 4 years too late for that.

Jaslyn made sure that no one saw her as she entered the motel. Once inside, she knew that she was safe. The desk clerk was Matty Murphy and they had been friends since grade school. It would have been pointless to try and disguise herself around him and so, she didn't bother. In a way, Matty was like an old woman. He knew all the gossip and was one of the few that knew outright her marriage to Ferris had been a huge mistake. He didn't judge her because his own life had undergone some unpleasant twists and turns. His family owned the motel and so, he had a job until he got back on his feet – which was years overdue. While Jaslyn didn't try to judge her friend, she thought perhaps someone with a cattle prod was needed to get him moving again. She took the proffered key that was offered her and left Matty without exchanging even a word of pleasantries.

She knew that she should have felt guilty for what she was doing behind Ferris' back and she didn't – not in the slightest. He could have had the perfect wife. She was lovely, loyal, sexy – and very sexual - smart, funny, accomplished and generous. She was also the kind of girl a lot of men dreamed of because not only did she dress like the sexy doll of your dreams; she followed sports and could rebuild cars. Did Ferris appreciate any of that? No, he did not. He wallowed in his own misery, angry that his hosiery-model wife earned more than he did and that all of his buddies seemed to like Jaslyn more than they liked him. She couldn't really help that, because Ferris liked men's men – who appreciated the fact that his wife was a sex goddess, even if he didn't. Even when dressed in jeans and a simple shirt, Jaslyn just emitted sexy. In the summer, she spent a lot of time in a bikini because one of the ways she kept in shape for modeling was by swimming. Ferris would accuse her of trying to turn on his friends and after a time, she got fed up with his accusations. On a few occasions, she just figured, why not? A lot of his friends were very handsome specimens and it gave her a boost to know she could easily get their attention. Despite her husband's increasing boorishness, never once did she sleep with any of his buddies – even though a few of them had made some overtures in that direction. Ferris' closest friends could see what he was doing to her – so why couldn't he?

Her high heels clicked on the pavement leading to her assigned room. Jaslyn felt her mood brighten a bit. What was waiting for her was a much-needed relief from the day-to-day sameness of her existence. It had come totally out of the blue and she had been hesitant to take that first step. Now she realized it had been one of the best decisions of her life. Had she not taken the risk, she wouldn't have been as happy as she was now. Twice a week for the past six weeks, Jaslyn had felt like her old self, like the young beauty who had kicked up her heels and taken a bite out of life. She remembered the pretty, fun-loving party girl she had once been before marrying the older, now aging Ferris. He had been confident, handsome and strong – now, all of that was fading away. Jaslyn was determined her husband wasn't taking her down with him. The rays of sunshine that had recently entered her life convinced her that she had made the right decision.

Jaslyn was loyal to a fault. The exotic, partially East Indian beauty had some of the same friends she'd had since the age of 5. She would have given people she cared about the shirt off of her back – and she could afford good shirts, she laughed to herself at the thought. The people she had dated had complimented her on her sexy attitude and the fact that she was always the life of the party. The actions she was taking now were not of her own choosing, at least not in the beginning. They were those of a desperate, lonely beauty who wanted to take back some control over her life. She wasn't even 23 yet and now realized she had married far too young. Ferris had fooled her with his refinement and impressed everyone with his wit and charm, her family included. Now the polish was beginning to dull. Jaslyn was coming back to life and if he didn't want to enjoy the ride, fuck him!, Jaslyn thought to herself. She knocked on the door of the room and felt her spirits beginning to lift as the voice inside answered.

"I was beginning to think that you weren't coming." Jaslyn went to apologize, but her companion just bridged the short distance between them and made things better in an instant.

"You smell so good and you look incredible!" Jessica purred in that voice of hers. Like honey laced with fine whiskey and a dash of sex. Jaslyn's common sense went out the window whenever she was around her friend. "Did you wear that for me?" Jessica added.

"Who else?" Jaslyn said with a shrug and sat down in a chair, stretching out her long and lovely legs whilst also showing off $2000 worth of new Christian Louboutins. "I can afford to dress however I want, but if I didn't have you to flaunt myself a little ..."

"Baby, you do have me to flaunt yourself for," Jessica smiled as she straddled the chair and Jaslyn's lap. They shared the first of what would be many kisses for the afternoon, torrid from the get-go. The two old friends never wasted time during any of their encounters. Both girls got each other far too hot to play silly little games of seduction. They flirted and danced and the foreplay was marvelous, but the heat was there from the instant they were together.

Jaslyn and Jessica had known each other for over a decade, although their friendship had not come easily. Jessica's family, by her own admission, were white trash. They drank too much, smoked too much weed and gave their 3 children little guidance. Jaslyn's family worked hard, earned good money and were well thought of. Jaslyn had 3 sisters and one brother and all remained thick as thieves. She adored her family and had inherited their kind spirit. Still, they were wary of Jessica. It wasn't because she was a bad girl, far from it. The child was kind and loving, far removed from her family's lackwit ways. Jaslyn's daddy had seen it – trouble followed that girl, she never had to seek it out. It had been true then and had remained true until just recently.

She had lost touch with Jessica shortly after her marriage to Ferris. Her friend hadn't liked him much. In fact, Jaslyn recalled one time when Jessica had called him a "pompous boor". Too late had she come to realize that her friend had been right and that Ferris was an intellectual snob and a bit of a phony.

Jaslyn had gone out for an all-too-rare evening after a huge row with her "better half". She wanted a drink – a few drinks, truth be told – and she wanted bourbon. Ferris only drank Scotch, so Jaslyn wisely left their house, called a taxi – no way was she risking her T-Bird on a drunken binge – and headed for one of the bars she had frequented in her free-wheeling days. Old friends were still there and a few even yelled out to her as if she had fallen off the face of the earth. As she sat down and ordered the first of a number of drinks, she began to realize that she had done precisely that. She could see herself in the mirror above the bar. Jaslyn was still the sexy, smiling 5'5" beauty she had been the day she married Ferris – just with one minor difference. She wasn't smiling. She took another mouthful of the very smooth Bourbon and put the smile back on her face. It might have been alcohol induced, but it wasn't fake. A smile was a smile.

"Give her another one and I'll have my usual," came a voice from behind her. Jasmine knew it immediately and almost fell off of her seat when she spun around. Jessica was there to catch her and the two old friends hugged each other until it felt awkward. Both of them were a bit misty-eyed.

"Where's Butthead?" Jessica came straight out with it, not even bothering to hide her disdain for Jaslyn's husband. That indifference might have bothered Jaslyn at some other point but not that night. It proved to be the tonic Jaslyn needed and over several drinks, she poured her heart out to her one-time close friend. The still-gorgeous blonde listened carefully to every word and spoke little. After a while, Jaslyn stopped her griping and the mood brightened. They had a number of drinks and Jaslyn wanted to know what her friend had been up to. Jessica just deflected the question and spoke of her life in generalities while staring at the bartender. Jaslyn didn't push it. It just felt so good to be around someone who "got" her once again and she wasn't going to blow it by prying too much.

"Well, even drunk as a skunk, you've still got it," Jessica laughed as they ordered another round. "You were sexy in high school and look at you now! Fuck, that outfit likely cost as much as I make in a week!"

"Oh, way more than that," Jaslyn teased, not really knowing how much her friend earned at – whatever she did. "I wanted to piss off fuckface, so I wore the shortest skirt I had, the tightest one I owned and my trashy stilettos. Enough about me – look at you! Fuck bitch, you look even better than you did back then!" Jaslyn almost wanted to roar with laughter because she felt so much like herself. Ferris didn't like it when she swore, it made her seem "common".

"Thanks, I had a bit of work done ..." Jessica tapped her nose "... deviated septum ... and I work out, almost every day. You almost have to, in my line of work." She glared at the bartender, who just whistled and offered a final round of drinks, which was accepted. Jessica told the bartender to put it "on her tab". He raised an eyebrow, but an angry glare from Jessica seemed to put him in his place.

"I can't believe I stayed out until almost 2 AM, getting hammered," Jaslyn laughed as they went outside. "I am so shitfaced, I will really get read the riot act when I get home."

"So? Don't go home, I live close by, come spend the night with me and we can keep gabbing and maybe sober up," Jessica suggested. "I live close enough that we can probably stagger there, even in our heels. Or if you want, we can call a cab."

"No, no, a walk sounds good," Jaslyn snickered. "I wear heels all the time, I'm good." They started for Jessica's place and she noticed for the first time that her girlfriend's dress was even shorter than hers and her heels were a few inches higher. What was noticeable was how well Jessica walked in them, without even the slightest stagger. Jaslyn also noticed that her good friend had a very sexy, girlish sway to her walk. The walk wasn't bad, only about 15 minutes or so until they reached Jessica's very nice apartment.

"Your family would be amazed at this place," Jaslyn said as she walked around the very large space. "This place is gorgeous and the furnishings, they aren't cheap – I know. The fact that you can afford something like this is great, it means you're doing well. They must be proud of you."

"I wouldn't know," Jessica said with an icy tone creeping into her voice. "Aside from my mother, we haven't spoken in years. It's not really something I talk about, can we not ...?"

"No, we can't," Jaslyn cut her off. "I spilled my guts to you for a good part of the night and it felt great. I needed to do that. Now, it is your turn. I am your friend and I just got you back into my life. Say what you need to say and I won't judge you – I promise."

Jessica sighed, a very BIG sigh and let it go. "You and your family were always there for me, thanks for that. I hope you can say that when I finish. Here's the short form – my Nana left me money for when I turned 18, so I could get away from her idiot son. She knew my daddy was trash. Short and sweet – my father stole my money and gambled it away – and more besides. He got into a lot of trouble and he's in jail now – I actually had the conviction to charge him with fraud. The rest of the family stopped talking to me, but it was a wake-up call for my mother. She's 2 years sober and in the process of divorcing him."

"Wow, and I thought my life sucked," Jaslyn said as she whistled through her teeth. "I wondered why you didn't go to college, you were a good student. I was dumb enough to marry Butthead ..." Jaslyn giggled, still a bit under the influence "... but you could have gone on to achieve something fabulous."

"That isn't the worst part, well, kinda ... sorta ..." Jessica seemed to be having trouble explaining, so Jaslyn grabbed both shoulders and told her, straight out, that whatever it was, she could handle it. "It's how I make my living, Jazz," she smiled weakly at her friend, using her long-unused nickname.

Even before Jessica said it, Jaslyn had figured it out. "You're a hooker?" She half-stated, half-asked. Jessica nodded in the affirmative. "Oh wow, you were going to work tonight?" Again, Jessica nodded. "I took up all your time, oh shit, I didn't know."

"I took the night off," Jessica chuckled a bit. "I can afford it every so often. For a chance to be with you, I'd take a week off if I had to."

"You missed me that much?"

"Uh-huh. It's a little more than that." Jaslyn now understood it, but in the moment, it had taken her by surprise. Jessica pulled her close – and kissed her – really kissed her. "I wanted to sleep with you from the moment I saw you walk into the bar. I've had a thing for you since high school. You were hot then and you're hot now and in that outfit ... okay, shutting up now!"

"You've had a thing for me for that long?" Jaslyn asked in astonishment. Jessica nodded and Jaslyn shook her head. "Wow, I had no idea, but babe, don't worry. I'm not angry or disgusted – I'm flattered. You're fucking gorgeous, more now than ever and lately, I haven't felt sexy in that way. I mean, I know I'm attractive, but I ..." As if to silence her, Jessica kissed her again. To her astonishment, Jaslyn kissed back – she really kissed back.

"Jazz? You kissed me back."

"I know. Kiss me again."

Jessica did and Jaslyn leaned into the kiss as she returned it. Her arms went around Jessica's neck as they embraced and Jaslyn lost herself in one of the most intimate moments of her entire life. The two young women continued kissing for around 4 hours – likely only about 4 minutes, but it felt so dreamy and erotic that Jaslyn let herself lose all sense of time.

"So, do you still want to sleep with me?" Jaslyn said, her voice trembling a bit with nerves.

"Yes."

"I think I'd like it. I mean, I want to try it. I think we'd look sexy together, you're so ... oh fuck, listen to me, I'm babbling," Jaslyn groaned. "Jessica – what I want to say is that if you want to sleep with me, I want to sleep with you – although we won't get any sleep."

"I guarantee it," Jessica said as she brushed her friend's face with her long, perfectly-manicured fingers. "If I take you into that bedroom, there is no way I'm letting you out of there until I've lived out a few of my fantasies. I am a damned good fuck and I want to bring my A-game to you," she said with a saucy lick of her full, red lips.

"Oh Christ, I think my panties are soaked," Jaslyn groaned as the new and lewd thoughts filled her head. "I've never done anything like this before and I feel so wicked!"

"Good. Just go with that!"

Jaslyn nodded and let herself enjoy Jessica's light caresses. "You've been with women before?"

Jessica smiled. "Some. A few. Some for my own pleasure and some, for business – you know, a woman wants to hide a fling from her husband, a couple wants a threesome – that kind of thing. I want you to be sure – once it's done, it can't be undone."

"Stop trying to talk me out of it," Jaslyn said, her hands on her hips. "I've never done anything even remotely adventurous. I've never been with another girl – woman. Who better than you? You're my close friend and you've got that body and ..."

Almost impulsively, Jessica grabbed Jaslyn's hand and tugged her into the bedroom. It was huge and could easily have fit more people. "I know what you're thinking," Jessica said, half-teasing as she wagged a finger at Jaslyn. "I don't bring clients here, only lovers. You want to be one of them, don't you?" Jaslyn's voice had deserted her and all that she could do was nod slowly. Moving on top of the bed, Jessica stretched out. Her legs were long, shapely, tanned and perfect. She could have modeled as well. "Okay, I'm here – the next move is yours," Jessica told her.

Jaslyn made that move. She joined her girlfriend on the bed and the two women took each other in their arms and just began to kiss. Torrid kisses from the beginning with intermittent gasps for air as they tumbled to the bed. They didn't stop kissing for a good, long while as if they were afraid the spell might be broken.

"You certainly seem to like kissing another girl!" Jessica exclaimed when they finally did break apart. "You're also very good at it, like you've been doing it forever."

"I don't know about other girls, but I loved kissing you," Jaslyn said, beaming from ear to ear. "I didn't ever want it to stop. I want us to do whatever you can think of and don't stop, even if I beg you to!"

"Babe, you'll be begging, but not for me to stop," Jessica told her. "Like I said, I'm good in bed. No, scratch that – I am fucking amazing in bed."

"Oh, dear God, you're getting me so horny," Jaslyn breathed. "Please, please, don't make me wait any longer. I need it, I need you."

Jessica was enjoying a fantasy come true at that very moment. Hearing the gorgeous, dark beauty in heat was an awesome experience. She smiled as she got up from the bed and put on a little show for Jazz, showing her the black lingerie-clad body she worked so hard to maintain. Jaslyn was practically salivating over her and it made Jessica feel ten feet tall. Her dream girl was into her, really into her. When she was down to the basic bra, panties and stockings, she got on the bed and mounted Jaslyn. "Prepare for the fucking of a lifetime, you gorgeous bitch," she said into Jaslyn's ear before biting it gently. She rubbed her body all over Jaslyn's, feeling the heat radiating from her friend's body as she teased.

"Fuck, I'm already close to cumming!" Jaslyn squealed as she caressed the small of Jessica's back. Her friend was so toned and still so soft, it was such a different feeling than being with a man, than being with Ferris.

"So? Cum all you want, we're women, we have no limits!" Jessica laughed gaily as she placed Jaslyn's small hands on her tits. "Feel whatever you want, do whatever you like – it's all good with me!"

Emboldened by her friend's – her lover's – words, Jaslyn reached out and squeezed and played and touched. The two women also kissed and played and took their time as they slowly undressed each other. It was Jaslyn's first time seeing another woman naked and in a sexual manner. For Jessica, it was the unveiling of a work of art – Jaslyn being that particular masterpiece. Her girlfriend was the most exquisite thing that she had ever seen in her entire life.
