 During the past few years, my wife Sherry and I have had a normal relationship. Normal, I guess one could say is in the eye of the beholder, for what I thought was normal, Sherry found to be down right boring, uneventful and not how she wanted to spend her evenings. She decided a little spice was in order.

When I think of Sherry, I think of a beautiful, self confident lady. She has style, grace, and can fit into any situation whether I go hunting, to a sporting event or a night on the town. Sherry is about 5'8" tall, weighs about 125 pounds, and has long brunette hair, brown eyes and a classic hour glass figure. Sherry does have smallish breasts between a 34 A and B cup, but it matches her figure with her long lean legs and the most perfect ass, soft, yet round and firm. Sherry is also the most beautiful lady I my eyes have ever seen. I first met her when she was a cheerleader for the local NFL team. Every guy in town had her picture on their wall, and I was one of many horny guys in town who had her picture on my wall. As luck would have it, I had a chance meeting with her in a grocery store of all places. She was in between relationships, and let's just say, I jumped at the chance at going out with this beauty. 

Sherry turned out to be even more attractive, seductive, and hot then I had ever imagined. She loved to deep throat my cock and swallow my juices until I was hard again beginning the earnest and long fuck sessions that could last for hours. She had her pussy hair shaved, except for a slight patch above her clit. She loved her clit sucked and nibbled on allowing herself to have an orgasm slowly before she demanded to be fucked. Sherry loved to be fucked; fast, slow, on top, on the bottom, doggy style, in the shower, nothing made Sherry happier than being fucked. She could also carry on an intelligent conversation, so what man wouldn't jump at the chance of marrying someone who could fuck out your brains, while also cook, clean and be interesting. The marriage was great; all that I had hoped for...and then I found a surprise that would change my life forever.

I was on the third shift at my job, coming home around 10:00 pm every night except weekends. I always asked Sherry what she did was I was at work, and she told me all her interests, her friends she spent time with, and how she enjoyed the time by herself. She is still a cheerleader so she keeps in great shape and is the hit at the local gym.

Early one morning, I was awoken to the neighborhood dogs barking. I looked around and found that Sherry must have gone out, so not being able to sleep; I decided to watch a movie. Turning on the T.V. and VCR, I hit play to see what was already in the machine. The movie appeared to be a home movie, and I noticed the bedroom that I was laying in come into focus. I heard a voice asking an unknown person "is this thing on". I then heard Sherry's voice say "yes, I can see the red light". The camera then panned out and I saw Sherry standing next to the bed, fully clothed. Lively music then began to play, and the screen filled with the image of Sherry beginning to move her hips to the beat as she began to take off her blouse, jeans and shoes. Underneath her clothes, she wore a tight red body suit and I could see that her nipples were hard and full and you could see the outline of her pussy lips. She was already wet, as you could see a damp spot showing through the body suit. Sherry then began to rub pussy lips to the beat of the music, turning herself around and showing her perfectly round ass to the camera as she bent over taking off her socks. The camera angle then moved in for a close up shot of her ass, as Sherry turned around to face the camera. I saw her peeling off her body suit to reveal her pert and firm breasts. What shocked me was what I observed over each breast. The camera zoomed in real close and over her right breast was a tattoo of a cock at full erection. The tip of the cock had what appeared to be pre-cum dripping off the end. Over the left breast was the exact replica of a pussy. The pussy was wide open, and I swear it looked like Sherry's pussy, lips and all. 

Sherry then stripped off the body suit revealing her gorgeous body....God, I wanted to fuck her. I had an erection that was making a large tent in the bed sheets. I then heard a voice say "are you ready". I observed Sherry shake her head to say yes, and the camera turned off. 

I was in complete amazement, and extremely horny. Thinking that was all, I began to run my cock, readying it for a great masturbation fest. I knew that this tape had to be new, as I had fucked Sherry three days ago, and she didn't have any tattoos when I was sucking on her nipples. I was just about to shoot my load when the tape began to play. The camera had been put on a tripod, and Sherry was lying across the bed, in a seductive position. Kneeling over her was what I assumed was the former camera operator. Kim, as I learned from the tape, was a young, short, blonde. Kim had long blonde hair, as did my wife, but nothing else was the same. Kim had massive perfectly shaped breasts that hung from their weight. Her nipples were large and pink. Kim had a shapely ass, and as she turned toward the camera, I noticed that she one of the hairiest pussies I had ever seen. Long strands of blonde pubic hair were completely visible as I saw Kim opening her pussy lips for the camera. She had not an ounce of fat on her, but her shapely figure was a complete contrast to Sherry's long lean body. I then observed the camera pan in giving a close-up of Sherry's fresh pussy. I could see a faint trace of juice flowing from her lips and running into bed sheets. There must have been another person there, operating the camera, but I never saw who that was during the taping.

Kim moved her mouth closer toward Sherry's pussy, and I then watched a fifteen minute tongue bath. The camera seemed to move to the exact location that I, the viewer, need to see everything. I saw Kim use her fingers to open up Sherry's pussy lips, and then I saw Kim's tongue move onto Sherry's clit with fast moving action. The actions were tender, and slower that what I gave Sherry. I could see Sherry writhing in ecstasy, as Kim's fingers explored ever inch of her pussy while her tongue continued to lick and flick Sherry's clit. Within minutes, I heard Sherry have one of the largest orgasms I have ever seen her have since we have been married. Her body almost floated off the bed as Kim continued to explore her soaked pussy lips, as she inserted her fingers deeper and deeper into Sherry's pussy. I love fisting, and I could see that Sherry was enjoying the small hand of Kim penetrate deep into her pussy. The fisting continued, as Kim rose off pussy, and then she turned Sherry over onto her stomach. The camera angle changed again, and I saw Kim give Sherry a rim job, while continuing to first fuck Sherry's pussy.

I was so completely engrossed in the home movie, stroking my cock, that I didn't notice Sherry walk into the bedroom. I watched the T.V. screen as I saw Sherry get up, gently lay Kim down on the bed, and then Sherry beginning to such Kim's large erect nipples. The camera panned in closer to catch Sherry's small, firm tits bounce up and down as she sucked on Kim's nipples. Just as I was about to loose me load, I heard a noise coming from the bedroom door.

Tearing my eyes off the T.V. screen, I looked toward the noise, and saw Sherry standing in the doorway with a lively, guilty smile on her face, wearing her workout body suit, and holding a bag. "I think I might need to tell you something" she said as she walked toward me. I observed dampness begin to grow near her pussy, and I sat up with a smile on my face, waiting for the next words out of her mouth.