 On my way home from work, I decided I would drop by the local club and have a few drinks after I went home and got out of my work uniform. I quickly stripped off my uniform and headed to the shower. I hurriedly washed my hair and my body and jumped out of the shower, not even bothering to dry off. 

I walked into my room and decided I would wear my tight black jeans and a white wife beater. When I opened my dresser drawer to get my boxers, I saw my strap on lying there. I laughed and grabbed it, deciding I would wear it under my clothes. What the hell, I was going to a lesbian club and most of the butches always wore their strap on anyway. 

I put the strap on around my waist and fastened it, then check to make sure it was tight. I slid my boxers on. Next came the jeans, I knew they were tight enough to hold the dildo down so it wouldn't be so visible. Next I put my bra on and fastened it, then put my wife beater on and tucked it into my jeans and fastened them. 

I walked to the bathroom, and looked in the mirror. The woman looking back at me wasn't bad at all, about 5'4", slender build with "B" cup breast, and short brown spikey hair with blonde tips. "Damn, I said to myself, I'd fuck me." 

I squirted some hair gel in my hands and ran them through my hair. I styled my hair and made sure it looked good, then I sprayed it with hair spray. I ran back into my room, grabbed my Eternity cologne off the stand and sprayed it all over my wife beater. 

I walked downstairs and put my socks and black hiking boots on. I was ready to head out. On my way out the door, I grabbed my black leather jacket and put it on. 

I walked outside, got in my car and drove to the club. It was packed. I had a hard time finding a place to park. When I finally found one, I parked. Checked my hair in the mirror and got out of my car.

As I was walking into the club, I noticed a sexy brunette standing by the door. Hmmm, I thought to myself, I have never seen her here before, but she sure is sexy. She looked to be about an inch or two taller than me, nice tight body with a "D" cup that made my mouth water. What really grabbed my attention though was her eyes, the most awesome, sexy green eyes I'd ever seen and beautiful long dark brown hair.

I am a regular at this club and everyone knows me, so I never have to show ID, the bouncer moved away from the door to let me in. As I was walking through the door, I smiled and winked at the brunette. 

I walked over to the bar and sat down. I called the bartender over, and asked lightly, "Who's the sexy little brunette outside the door?" 

The bartender laughed and said, " She sure is a little hottie isn't she? Her name is Candi, she's new here." 

I laughed and said "Yeah, I kind of guessed she was new here, I have never seen her in here before." 

I took my jacket off and laid it on the barstool beside me and ordered a Mudslide. I was paying no attention to what was going on around me. The jukebox was loud and I was lost in my own world. 

Everyone was dancing and going crazy, but I snapped back into the real world when I felt hands rubbing my back. I turned around to see who it was and I could not believe my eyes, it was Candi. 

She looked down, smiled and said, "My name is Candi, but I am guessing you already know that, I overheard your conversation with the bartender, and I must say, you're not so bad looking yourself." 

I laughed at her and said, "Well, it's nice to meet you Candi, my name is Amber."

She smiled as she sat on the barstool next to me and said, "Nice to meet you too Amber. I already knew your name, I asked the bouncer who you were when you first walked in." 

"Well, I said, at least we find each other interesting, do you want a drink?" 

Candi, Smiled and said, " No thanks, I have had enough to drink already. I was actually on my way out when I saw you. Let's go back to your place and get to know each other better, in private." 

"Sure", I said, as I handed the bartender some money for the drink and told her to keep the change. 

We walked outside to my car and I opened the passenger side door for her and let her in, then I shut it. As I walked to the driver side of the car, I thought to myself, damn I am lucky. I got in the car, started it up and started driving back to my house. 

As I was driving, I reach over and laid my hand on Candi's knee. She looked over and smiled at me, but didn't say a word. The drive to my house was very short and we were there before we knew it. 

I turned the car off, grabbed the keys out of the switch and ran around to open Candi's door for her. She stepped out of the car and I put my arm around her waist as I closed the door. 

"Wow, she said, you sure have a nice house." 

I thanked her for the compliment, unlocked my door and let her inside. I walked in behind her and closed the door. I told her to make herself at home. "Thanks, she said, that is sweet of you." 

I kissed her on the cheek and told her to have a seat anywhere she wanted. I ran into the kitchen, grabbed 2 cans of Coke from the refrigerator. When I came back in the room I saw she was laying on my couch. 

I walked over beside her and touched the cold can on her neck. She jerked and said "Oh my God, that was cold." 

I laughed and sat on the couch in front of her and sat the Coke on the stand. She looked over at me and said, "Put a movie in and we will cuddle up and watch it." 

I said, "Okay, sweetie", and walked over and put GIA in the DVD player. I walked back to the couch eyeing the beauty before me.

I looked at her and said "Baby, you know if you would stand up for just one second, the couch extends into a bed." 

"Great", she said as she stood up. I pulled the couch out and she laid down. I climbed in behind her and laid down, taking her in my arms. 

I softly kissed the back of her neck as I massaged her arms. She giggled and said "Oh baby, that tickles." 

I smiled and pulled her closer to me. She was so soft, so feminine and smelled so good. She rolled over so she was facing me and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back, parting her lips with my tongue. I slowly slid my tongue in her mouth and softy kissed her. She moaned, and wrapped her legs around me. 

I knew she could feel the dildo under my jeans. She broke the kiss, slid her hands down to the bulge the strap on was making in my jeans, and said "Hmmm, what's this?" 

I smiled at her and said "Why don't you find out?"

She said "Fine, I will." 

She unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, reach inside and said "Hmm, you have silk boxers on, the jeans have to go." 

I sat up, took my shoes and socks off and pulled my jeans off. Now the strap on was making a huge bulge in my boxers. I laid back down, leaving my boxers on. 

Candi unbuttoned my boxers, reach inside and pulled the 8" dildo out. "Damn, she said, I just have to suck on this big cock, can I?" 

I said "Sure baby, go right ahead." 

She didn't think twice about it, leaned down and took the head of the dick on in her mouth. Just watching her was making me hot. I told her to turn around and let me see her ass. 

She repositioned herself and stuck her pussy so close to my face. I pulled her skirt up, and saw she had no panties on. Her shaved pussy was soaked. I slid my hand up her thigh and softly ran my finger across her clit. She pushed herself back. I knew she wanted more. 

I slid two fingers deep inside her wet pussy and she moaned. She started rocking on my hand. She turned her head around, looked at me and said "Fuck this baby, I am going to climb on your huge cock, and fuck it until I can't take any more." 

She stood up, positioned herself over me and slowly lowered herself. I watched as her pussy swallowed the dick inch by inch. After it was completely inside, she leaned down and began kissing me, slowly moving her hips. Her tongue found mine and seemed to move in time with her hips. 

I worked my hands in between and unbuttoned her shirt, then sliding it off her shoulders. Thank God her bra unhooked in the front. I had it undone in seconds, freeing her breasts. Candi leaned forward a bit so that her breasts were inches from my face. It was all the invitation I needed. 

I traced her nipples with my tongue lightly biting. She moaned her appreciation. I then sucked a nipple into my mouth. I bit down lightly and I pulled back letting my teeth graze her nipple. I repeated the process alternating between both nipples. 

I let my fingers play with one as my mouth worked on the other so that neither was without attention. Candi was moaning loudly now, her breathing was heavy. She threw her head back and picked up the pace of her moving hips. She was thrusting herself up and down, her hips gyrating and grinding into me. 

I could look down in between her cleavage and see the 8" piston in and out of her. It was covered with her juices and had no trouble gliding in and out of her. For that matter, she was drenching me as well. I knew she was close to cumming.

Keeping one nipple in my mouth, I worked my hand between us. Reaching down, I began to rub her clit. I could feel it pulsing beneath my touch. She was moaning and saying "Oh fuck yes baby, yes, this is so hot. I am going to cum real soon."

I started rubbing her clit faster and pushing the dick up into her sweet wet pussy. She was driving me wild. My hips were moving to meet her every thrust. She was grinding hard against me, making sure it was in as far as it would go. I was so hot, I came just from fucking the beautiful woman. 

I met her with one hard thrust, pushing the dick into her pussy as deep as it would go, my fingers never leaving her clit. She screamed, "Oh fuck, I am cumming." Her body tensed as her orgasm took over. I kept thrusting into her and rubbing her clit letting her ride out the incredibly long orgasm. 

When I stopped she fell down on top of me and I kissed her neck. We laid in this position for a long time, my dick still inside her pussy. I started getting uncomfortable and told her that we should go to my bed and go to sleep. She got off the top of me and I led her to my room.

I finished taking my clothes off and laid in the bed. She stripped out of what little she had left on and laid down with her back to me. I reach over turned off the lamp, then pulled her into me and kissed her neck. I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Whose girl are you?" 

She said "I'm your girl now, I never want this to end." 

I laughed and said "That's good. I was hoping you were planning on staying baby." 

I kissed her neck again and told her I loved her. I pulled her close to me and fell asleep with her in my arms.