 I looked out at the brightness through my frosty window. From the guttering, icicles descended, glistening in the wintry sunshine. I opened the window slightly, inhaling the crisp air. “So beautiful” I whispered as I snapped off the longest icicle and dropped it, watching it spear into the snow below. “Mmm, perfect murder weapon!” I giggled. I pulled my fleece blanket tightly around my shoulders as the cold air drifted in on a light chilly breeze. “Finally we will have a white Christmas…” I heard a familiar Christmas song echo through the speakers on the radio. I instantly began to whistle and hum the tune.

I closed the window and made my way downstairs and headed towards the front door. I opened it quickly, wanting to be out there, to feel the cold surround me and take me back to childhood. At thirty-three, I am still a child at heart. We haven’t had snowfall like this for sixteen years. Every year I pray for snow and especially at this time of year. As I recall, I don’t ever remember snow at Christmas and here it is, a day before the best day of the year. Or is Christmas Eve the best day? I think it might be. The anticipation of what’s to come. Seeing the smiling faces of nieces and nephews opening their presents, a sight to melt the biggest snowdrift.

The snow takes me back to when I was younger. Hours were spent building a snowman, the beginning of which was a snowball the size of a tennis ball. My friends and I would take turns to roll it from one house to another along the pathways. As we reached the middle of the avenue, the snowball was the size of a football. We trudged through more snow, picking it up as we went. From a football size to a basketball size and bigger still. We had so much fun rolling the huge ball around and around the avenue and through the playing field. In the end the ball got so big that it took three or four of us to roll it back to my garden. 

We managed it though and when we got to my house we all rushed in, hoping to find my dad to measure how tall the ball of snow was. Poor dad, we didn’t give him time to get his coat and gloves on. The look on his face when he got outside and saw the body of our snowman said it all. It was by far the biggest we had ever made. He measured it and announced that it was three feet and four inches high. My friends and I jumped up and cheered. We rolled the ball into the right position and headed across the road to start on the other side. It was time to make the head of the snowman. 

I smiled to myself as I stood out on the doorstep. I looked down and saw the icicle standing upright in the snow. Dare I step out a little further and get harpooned by my own murder weapon falling from the gutter, I thought. I glanced down the road and saw a figure walking towards my house. The only sound was the trudging of their boots as they sunk into the snow. I knew they were heading for my house. There were no other houses nearby. They lifted their arm and waved. I waved back, still not recognising who they were, although I was sure it was a woman. Long dark hair flowed past her shoulders, dancing in the breeze. She was dressed in jeans and a creamy coloured chunky woolly jumper. She must be freezing. 

She opened the gate and cautiously walked towards me. As she neared me she held out her hand. “I’m sorry to bother you, but my car has got stuck in the snow. Can I borrow your phone? I really wasn’t prepared for this weather!”

I took her hand and she held it tightly. Her hand was freezing and I was surprised she could still move her fingers. “Yes of course you can, come in and I’ll get you a warm drink. Is tea ok?”

“Yeah thanks. I stayed at my sisters last night. She lives in the next village. The snow wasn’t that bad when I left there, but you seem to have it quite bad here. I’m sure they didn’t forecast it, but you know what they say about the British weather…”

We both looked at each other and simultaneously announced, “unpredictable!” 

She rubbed her hands together, bringing a little life into them. “I’m Alex by the way. I was a little worried as to who might live here, you’re pretty isolated here.” She seated herself at the kitchen table, continuing to rub her hands together.

“Isolated yes, but so damn pretty on a morning like this. Don’t you agree? Do you have milk, sugar?”

“Milk, please and no sugar…”

“Sweet enough eh?” I teased. She smiled and her eyes smiled with her. I poured out our teas and placed them on the table then sat opposite her. Her cheeks were red and her eyes were glazed over. Oh god those eyes. They were a shade of green with a delicate hint of blue. Piercing. I placed my hands on hers and massaged them. “Jesus, you have frostbite I think. We’d better get you warmed up. I’m Chrissy by the way.”

“Nice to meet you, Chrissy. I don’t want to be too much trouble. I shall go when I’ve made my call.”

“You aren’t going back out there just yet. As lovely as it is, you are not dressed for it!”

“What about your husband, won’t he mind your Christmas eve being interrupted?”

I smiled. “There’s no husband. I live alone. And it will be good to have a little company. It doesn’t look like I will be going out anywhere.”

“Where were you going?”

“Oh just visiting my parents and meeting up with the rest of the family. Depending on how it went I might have stayed the night with them. Still, its beautiful here now that we have snow.”

Her eyes cut into me again. I have never seen eyes that colour before. I hadn’t noticed and neither had she but my hands were still on hers. I had stopped the massaging and was now lightly stroking her soft skin. I could feel it warming up in my palms. She smiled and parted her lips. “That feels good, my hands are warming up.”

I slowly took my hands from hers and placed them around my mug of tea. “Come with me, its warmer in the living room… and the phone is in here too.” She took her mug and followed me into the adjoining room. “Are you hungry?”

I looked over at Alex and she was looking around the room. “I hate to be a bother, but I am a little hungry. You’ve decorated it wonderfully Chrissy. I love the co-ordinated look but I can never quite manage it and I end up with an array of colours on my tree and everywhere else.” She sat down on the long sofa, her eyes following the silver tinsel as it sat neatly around the edge of the walls where they meet the ceiling. A frosted garland draped over the mantelpiece with static white lights entwined through it. The tree stood about eight feet high and sat proudly in the bay window. Clear lights twinkled through the frosted lilac baubles. She placed her mug on the coffee table. “Did you do all this by yourself?

“Yes I did. I love Christmas. I decorate nearly every room.” I leant down and picked up the firelighters. “I’ll get this going then I’ll do us something to eat. The phone is just behind you.” 

“Thanks, I’ll call my sister in a minute.”

I lit the firelighters and soon the crackling of the dry logs could be heard. “You can’t beat an open fire!”

She smiled at me with a look of warmth and friendliness. She was stunning, a little taller than me, and maybe a little thinner. I would also say she was a little younger than me. Her bust was smaller than mine, but she had a definite handful! “I’ll just call my sister, her husband will help me out.”

“I’ll go get us something to eat.”

She lifted the receiver as I turned toward the kitchen. “The phones dead… no ring tone… or anything!” 

I couldn’t help but raise a little grin and my belly somersaulted. “I take it neither of us are going anywhere then. Good thing I have plenty of food in. Won’t be turkey for us though… more like pizza or something. That ok with you?”

“Chrissy I can’t intrude on your Christmas.”

“Sure you can, I’d love for you to stay. But there’s a drawback.” 

Alex looked a little worried. “What drawback?”

“You will have to put up with Christmas music and as we are home, you will have to help me decorate the outside of the house. I wasn’t gonna do it but as we are snowed in, the lights on the tree outside will look beautiful. You will help right?”

“I would love to… but I have no clothes… or anything!”

“Well, I guess you are a tad smaller than me, so any of my clothes will fit you. If you don’t mind wearing my gear that is?” 

“Not at all… I would love to spend Christmas with you.”

“Well I will just get you some clothes to change into and while you take a shower I will do breakfast… how does a full English sound?”

“That sounds delicious.”

I made my way upstairs and found some comfortable clothes for Alex, a pair of navy leisure trousers and a cream sweatshirt with a logo on it and now for the underwear, something simple… a black pair of bikini knickers and a bra top. I know damn well she won’t fill out my bras but the bra top will do. I laid the clothes on the spare bed in the guest room then went into the bathroom and began to run the shower for her. I draped a huge jumbo size towel over the radiator and hung a bathrobe over the door.

I skipped downstairs and stood in the doorway, looking at Alex. She was leaning back against the sofa. Her eyes were closed. She looked so sexy sitting there. I pondered at the thought that maybe she was married, or was she single. Who would ever kick her out of bed? I know damn well I wouldn’t. I couldn’t help but stand and stare at her. Her long dark hair framed her face perfectly. It was lightly curled, like you had twisted it around your finger. 

The fire suddenly crackled and startled both of us. Alex spoke first. “I think I must have dozed off. It feels so comfortable and warm.”

“Your shower is running and I left you some clothes in the guest room on the bed. I hope they are ok.”

“Oh thanks… where is the guest room?”

“Up the stairs, first door on the left. The bathroom is the next door on the left. I’ll start breakfast!”

Alex went upstairs and took her shower as I began to cook breakfast. As the sausages cooked I pulled out the table by the window in the sitting room that looked out to the back garden. I made fresh tea and put the orange juice on the table then went back to the kitchen. The smell of fried eggs, bacon and sausages wafted through the house. I had just put the food on the plates when Alex strolled into the kitchen. I looked at her and nearly dropped the plate. She smiled at me and took it and went to sit herself down at the kitchen table. “I thought we’d sit in the living room and watch the snow. It’s just started to fall again.”

“Ok... that sounds wonderful.”

“Let’s eat, we have a busy day!”

Over breakfast we learned a lot about each other. Alex was single and had been for a while. She was engaged a few years back but called it off. She never knew why, she just said it was a gut feeling and that was that. No explanation or anything. She appeared to be a tough cookie but there was a sensitive side to her. When she talked about personal things her beautiful eyes glazed over. I reached over and placed my hand on hers, my thumb falling between hers and her index finger. I lightly stroked her and she tenderly squeezed my thumb. Her sea-green eyes smiled at me and she released her grip on my thumb. I slowly edged my hand away and stood up to clear the table. 

Alex followed me and we placed the plates and cups on the worktop. She was standing close to me and I could smell my soap lingering in the air and when she turned her head I could smell the fragrance from my shampoo. She stepped closer and put her hand on my shoulder. I looked into her eyes and watched her move closely into me. It felt like it was slow motion and I couldn’t do anything about it. I froze. She kissed me softly, our tender lips brushing against each other. A bolt of electricity passed through. She must have felt it too. I parted my lips and took her top lip into my mouth. I sucked it between my lips and tenderly released it. I did the same to her lower lip. I felt her softly moan and I reluctantly pulled away. 

I brushed her twisting curls from her face. “Why did you kiss me?”

“To say thanks for your invitation and for the scrumptious breakfast.”

She took a step back. After that kiss I can’t let her go. I placed my fingers just under her sweatshirt and pulled on the waistband of her trousers. I pulled her towards me. “You felt it didn’t you? The kiss. There was more to it than a thank you.” I looked deep into her eyes. This time it was my blue eyes that held her stare. “Tell me you felt it Alex or we’ll just forget it happened.” She looked down, not wanting to look at me. My heart skipped a beat and my stomach started to churn. Had I read it wrong? Have I just made a terrible mistake, turning a simple kiss into something more? My finger whispered along her cheek. “Alex, tell me?”

“I felt it Chrissy, it was electric. I have never kissed a woman before. My intention was to just kiss you on the cheek, but, when I stood here, opposite you, I wanted your lips.” Her eyes glazed over again and a tear crept out and slowly made its way down her cheek. I pulled her into me and held her face in my palms. I softly kissed the tip of her nose. I kissed her cheek then a little higher. I placed my lips on the path of her tear and tasted its saltiness as it hit my taste buds.

“Promise me you will stay for Christmas even if the phone lines get fixed.”

“I promise.” She smiled.

My lips returned to hers, softly at first. Tasting each other, feeling each other’s moist tongues twirl around in our mouths. My arm reached around her and I pulled her into me. Her hands were now in my hair and her long nails scraped the bottom of my neck. I moaned into her. Our mouths now opened and closed with a new urgency. She flicked the tip of her tongue along my lip and I sucked it in. My fingers crept up inside the cream sweatshirt and I felt the curve of her breasts. They were bigger than what I thought. My hand trailed down her stomach. Oh god, she was perfect. She had a taut stomach, so flat… so unlike mine. My fingers glided back up and fondled her breasts through the bra top. 

She grabbed my hair and turned my head to the side. Her probing tongue flicked my neck, all the way down my throat and she kissed me in the sensitive dip at the base. Her kisses moved back up and she brushed them on my ear. She gently nibbled it and I felt her hot breath on my skin. I softly spoke with an edge of breathlessness. “Alex… I. “ Her tongue edged inside my ear. Lightly licking it, swirling her tongue in and around it. “Mmm, I want you Alex.”

She pulled her tongue away and purred into me. “You can have me.” I turned to face her and with both hands I tugged at her trousers and pulled them down to her ankles. The knickers quickly followed. I grabbed at her waist and lifted her on to the worktop. “Oh god, Chrissy what are you doing?”

“You said I can have you…so I’m having you, here and now!” I gently but firmly spread her knees and I teasingly licked the inside of her thighs. Her hands immediately grappled with my hair as I moved closer to her pussy. Her scent was intoxicating, heightening my arousal to the highest level. It passed through my nose and down my throat. I could taste her even though my lips and tongue hadn’t yet crept between her swollen lips. As I kissed her thighs I could see her full pink lips glistening with her juices. I looked up at her beautiful face and when her gorgeous eyes met mine I made direct contact with her clit.

“Ohhh god…” She cried out as she leant back against the wall. She opened her legs wider and higher. Her pussy was open, begging me to lick every orifice my tongue could find, and god I was going to search. I flicked the tip of my tongue on the underside of her full lips. I moved further along, flicking it faster and harder. I could hear her breathing become heavier and every inhaled breath carried a moan on it. I swirled my tongue over and under her lips. I hungrily devoured her pussy and moved to the delicacy at the tip of my tongue. I licked and sucked it into my mouth. Her hands in my hair were now guiding me. She pulled on my head and tugged at my hair. My tongue lay hard and flat on her clit and I began to grunt and groan as she ground herself on my tongue. “Oh god, oh god… yes Chrissy… baby don’t stop… I’m cumming… god yesss!” She jolted into me. “Ohh yess.” Another jolt. “Ooohhhh god yessssss!”

I lifted myself up, smiling at her. “Kiss me, taste yourself on me…” She bent forward slightly and hesitantly placed her lips on mine. Her tongue crept out and licked my lips. She licked my nose and my cheeks. She kissed my eyelids. Short sharp kisses covered my face closely followed by short moist licks.

“Mmm, I have never cum so hard in all my life. That was something else.”

“No baby, you were something else.” I kissed her then gently lifted her off the worktop. I got on my knees and pulled up her knickers and trousers. “We have work to do, it will be dark in a couple of hours.”

“But what about you?” You haven’t cum!”

“All in good time hun. We have the rest of today and tomorrow. And maybe even Boxing day.”

I grabbed my boots and a spare pair and gave them to Alex. From the top of the airing cupboard I grabbed two pairs of thick socks. I rolled up a pair up and hurled them at Alex. “Duck…” I shouted. She didn’t do it in time and got hit by the socks. “You will have to be quicker than that baby.” I jested at her.

“We’ll see.” She giggled as she unravelled the socks and began to ease her toes into them.

I took a fleece jacket from the hanger above the back door and handed it to Alex. “It will be a bit big for you, but it’ll do.” I then took my jacket and we both made our way down to the shed. I removed the ladder from the hooks and gave it to Alex. She waited as I grabbed the big box of lights from the shelf. “Come on then… if we get time we’ll do the hedges out the back too!”

“You really love all this don’t you?” She smiled.

“How did you guess?”

We made our way to the front of the house, passing the snowy hedge as it led to the wooden gate. “It’s really beautiful here Chrissy, I could quite easily fall in love with it.” She looked at me and raised an eyebrow. Her piercing eyes pulled me closer to her and I placed my lips on hers. Our eyes never closed, looking deep into each other’s souls. I could see faint ice blue lines spurring out from the pupils. I could feel her warmth and tenderness oozing through her gaze and her soft kiss.

I slowly pulled away and led us down the path. I took the ladder from her and leant it against the tree. It stood about twenty foot high and had thick sturdy branches. We then walked towards the kitchen window that was slightly open. Alex opened the box of lights and took the plug out and reached up towards the window. “When you see the plug fall below the window you won’t need to push anymore through.” Alex fed the cable through the window, watching intently as the plug descended. “Now it’s the fun part… come on baby!”

“Snowball fight…” Alex shouted and before I could turn away she threw a large ball of snow at me. It thudded as it hit my shoulder and broke up into a trillion crystals. “You have to be quicker than that.” She laughed.

I ran towards her giggling and scooped up a handful of snow. “I’ll get you back my little snow angel…” She stood there laughing as I bound into her, knocking her over, patting the snow on her head and ruffling it through her hair. I was now on top of her and I began to lick the snowflakes off her cheeks, forehead and her nose. She moaned as my tongue met her lips and again we kissed with intensity. Surrounded by snow but all I felt was warmth.

“Chrissy, this isn’t helping to get the lights up.” Her eyes twinkled and she looked up towards the guttering. “You know they would make great murder weapons!” 

I giggled at her. “Yes I know they would… let’s get up before we both get murdered!”
