 The view from my window was pretty bleak. The rain poured in buckets, thunder rumbled in the distance, and the wind kicked trash across my yard from the overturned can. I wouldn't be leaving the house any time soon. I don't suppose it really mattered anyway. I had nowhere to go. I pushed the button to turn on my computer. Ready for another boring day filled with proof reading horribly written, useless books. "Yipeeeee." I muttered aloud.

I decided to take a nice, hot shower to get me moving. I turned the coffee pot on, and stripped off my faded flannel pajamas. I stood in front of the mirror for a minute, doing what I always did. I pinched at my belly. I turned to the side to assess the situation. The woman looking back at me was curvy. An hourglass figure as they say. I thought I could stand to lose a few pounds, but never got the motivation. Hmmm... I guess it wasn't too bad, I thought, pursing my pouty pink lips. I ran my hands over my full hips and rounded ass. Acceptable.

In the shower, I stood under the streaming water and breathed a long sigh. I would live in the shower if I could. It was my favorite place to be. I pumped the shampoo into my hands and gathered my long, brown waves into a pile of suds on the top of my head. I squirted the sweet smelling body wash onto my loofah and started to scrub. The soap made my body slippery and smooth. I dropped the loofah, closed my eyes, and ran my hands over my large, swaying breasts. Mmmm... that was nice. My nipples already stood at attention, waiting to be tugged and pinched.

Completely lost in myself, I played with left breast, while my right hand glided down my belly and rested between my legs. I lifted one foot to the ledge of the tub, giving myself better access to the hot, velvety, opening that awaited me. I moaned as I slipped one finger inside, sliding it in and out slowly. My thumb found my clit, swollen, and begging for attention. I rubbed with fervor, feeling the familiar warmth spreading through my thighs as my pleasure heightened. The water ran over my shoulders, hot, like the orgasm that was building. I moaned as the climax washed over me.

After my invigorating shower, I was ready to face the world, or at least my computer room. I grabbed a cup of coffee and got to work. I needed to finish proof reading a book about gardening. After, I had a new author waiting. It's always nice to get something new. I trudged through the endlessly boring rubble that was supposed to make me want to become an expert gardener. Around noon I finished with a sigh. I grabbed a banana and another cup of coffee before getting ready to dive into the next job.

I sat down and opened the newest email in my inbox. Attached was a file titled "A night with Lila". I opened it, and began to read. A few paragraphs in, I realized what I was getting in to. In front of me, a tantalizing story unfolded. The vividly written scenes brought images of dangerous, rough, sex to my mind. I looked around, as though someone might catch me reading such sensual things. I was almost a third of the way through the story, with my fingers inside my sporty pink panties, feeling very warm inside, when I realized I wasn't even doing my job. Instead, I was breathing heavily and squirming in my chair. I started again from the beginning. The story was surprisingly well written. I made a few corrections here and there. Before I knew it I was finished with the proofing. I sent the document back to its owner with my suggestions attached. Right before hitting the "send" button, I boldly typed "Great work. I certainly does as it's intended."

I regretted it as soon as the email was off in cyberspace. So much for professionalism. I pushed my chair away from the desk and got up. I went to the kitchen to fix myself some dinner. I couldn't stop thinking about the story. My cheeks flushed as I anticipated the author reading my comment. I wondered if he was good looking. What if he replied?

After I was finished with my dinner, I ran back to my computer. I clicked on the inbox folder to see a new message. Sender: Ryan Lewis. I hovered the cursor over the new message for a while, then clicked. "Oh really? Care to expand on that?" Was the reply. I stared at the words for a minute. The little green light next to his name told me he was currently online. Before I could change my mind I sent him an instant message.

"Well, I was pretty deep into the story before I even remembered what I was supposed to be doing." I typed.

"And what were you doing instead?" He shot back.

"I was exploring inside my panties." I sent swiftly. I couldn't believe what I was doing.

"Mmmm... really? Tell me about it." He commanded.

"I shouldn't be doing this. I never do things like this." I said, starting to feel a little embarrassed.

"It's just words. Just like my story. Only words." He said. "I touch myself while I write. Why shouldn't you while you read?"

That WAS true. I mean, those stories were meant to make you hot and bothered. I was only human.

"Well, thank you for your suggestions. I'd love to use you in the future." Ryan sent.

"I'd like that too. You're welcome to use me any time." I giggled as I sent that one.

"I'll remember that Carla. Good night." Was his final message.

I couldn't sleep that night. The conversation I'd shared with Ryan played again in my head. I didn't even know the guy and I was fantasizing about him. Anyone who wrote like that had to be decent in the sack, right? I imagined we were alone in the dark. I could see nothing but his silhouette in the moonlight. His hands played over my naked body, working slowly up my soft, creamy thighs. My legs spread wide on the bed. I could smell my sex in the air. My lips parted as I panted. I shoved a large dildo into my slippery pussy, imagining him pushing roughly into me. Moaning with abandon, I fucked myself hard. Sweat glistened on my body. I couldn't remember the last time a fantasy got me that worked up. As the orgasm hit, I fell back on my bed, shaking, and tired. I slept like a rock. My dreams scattered with images of a strange man claiming my body over and over.

In the morning I woke feeling refreshed and rushed to turn my computer on. I tapped impatiently, waiting for everything to load. When it did, I pulled my email up immediately. Nothing new. I was a little disappointed, though I suppose it takes time to write new stories. I bustled about the house all morning, cleaning, doing laundry, and paying some bills. Around lunch time I checked my computer again. A new job was waiting from a repeat client, and an instant message from Ryan.

"Good morning! I was hoping that you might be free to check out another story of mine. I'm thinking about compiling several into one book. What do you think?" Ryan asked.

"Send it on over!" I typed excitedly.

Less than 5 minutes later, I was deeply engrossed in the new story Ryan sent. I knew I should be working on the projects in order, but I couldn't help myself. This story didn't disappoint. By the end I was getting myself off yet again. Petty soon I was just going to be a nympomaniac. Could that term apply to me, if I were only fucking myself? I opened the instant messenger and sent Ryan a message. "Very good. Thanks for the morning quickie." I found it was getting easier to say those things. I wasn't sure if I liked that or not.

Over the next week, I talked to Ryan several times a day. I proofed 4 more of his stories, each better than the last. Every time, I found myself masturbating just thinking about what I had read, and the man behind it. We spent hours every evening chatting. We shared more than I would have ever thought I'd share with a stranger. Suddenly, it didn't really feel like we were strangers at all. I found myself very attracted to this man I had never even seen. One night before bed I decided to say as much. "Your stories turn me on, but it's thoughts of you that make me cum every night." I sent, before quickly shutting my computer off.

In the morning, I couldn't even wait to start up the computer. I opened the messenger app on my phone to see his reply. "I want to meet you."

Fuck. What had I gotten myself into?I couldn't meet him! This was crazy! You don't just run around meeting internet strangers. I didn't answer his message. I got up and started working on proofing a book about cats. All morning I tried to concentrate, but couldn't. Finally I went back to the message and simply said exactly what I was thinking. "I want to. I do. It's just that... I'm extremely nervous about meeting a complete stranger."

"Are we really strangers Carla? I don't believe that. You know an awful lot about me. I'm not asking to come by your house. I want to meet in public. Maybe dinner?" Ryan responded.

My fingers hesitated over the keys. I wasn't sure I could do this. "I can't." I sent. I felt sad. I really wanted to.

"Ok." Was all I got back.

"I changed my mind." I typed quickly. "Let's do it."

"Meet me at 7:00 at Marcos. I'll reserve a table." Ryan said.

All afternoon I stressed about our meeting. I carefully chose a semi modest black dress. The hem fell just above my knees. The skirt flared out when I spun. The fitted top was lacy, dipping just low enough into my cleavage to entice. I found my best strappy black heels. At nearly 6 feet tall, I really didn't need the extra inches, but the heels did a fantastic job of showing off my long, supple, legs. I pulled the curlers out of my soft brown hair, swept the ringlets to one side, and fastened them there. I took time applying my makeup. Smokey shadow and liner framed my piercing green eyes. My full, shimmering lips, waited to be kissed. I paced the house for a while, waiting for an acceptable time to leave.

I arrived at the dimly lit restaurant 10 minutes early. "Reservation for two... under Lewis." I told the hostess.

She checked her books and nodded. "Right this way."

My nerves were shot. As we approached the table I could see that Ryan had not arrived yet. Well, at least I could be seated when he got here, and I wouldn't be falling all over myself walking to the table. "Thank you." I said, nodding to the hostess. I sat picking at my napkin for what felt like forever. Ryan was 2 minutes late. Now 3... 4... maybe he wasn't coming. Maybe he saw me and changed his mind. I saw the hostess seating other people. 2 couples, and a family. She entered the room again with a beautiful woman with long, shining, jet black, hair, and soft caramel skin, in a sexy silver dress, slit up side, revealing a toned thigh.

She led the woman in my direction. I sighed and looked at my phone again. 5 minutes late. No messages. I glanced up, startled, as the hostess pulled out the other chair at my table... for the stunning woman I'd seen moments before. I was confused. The woman leaned down to me and kissed me on the cheek, and my green eyes met her hot amber ones. "Pleasure to finally meet you Carla." She purred in my ear.

I was stunned. I couldn't find a single word to say. "Uhhh... Hello... I... I mean..."

Her soft laughter sounded like beautiful music to my ears. "Were you expecting someone else?"

"Well... you... I mean... RYAN, you know..." I stammered like an idiot.

Her deep red lips curved into a smile. "I get that a lot." She replied. "Although, I kind of assumed you had already looked me up on Facebook." She winked.

I felt stupid. The thought had never even crossed my mind. "Did you...?" I asked.

"Of course." She replied.

I suddenly wished I had used a more attractive profile picture. Though, I suppose it didn't matter, since nothing would come of this evening. I mean, perhaps a continued friendship, but we already had that. What about the sexual things I had said to her, thinking she was a man? Did she...

"What's on your mind, Carla?" Ryan asked, leaning toward me.

"Well... I guess I'm just trying to get over my surprise mostly. I feel a little uncomfortable." I admitted.

"Why? This doesn't change anything." She said with a slight shrug.

I raised an eyebrow. "It kind of does..."

Our conversation moved on, and by the time we finished eating we were talking and laughing like old friends. I couldn't believe how much we had in common. It was easy to get over the embarrassment I'd felt initially. I looked at the time and felt surprised that 3 hours had passed. "It's getting late..." I said reluctantly.

"Yes." Ryan replied.

"Want me to walk you to your car?" I offered.

"I didn't drive." She said. "I took a cab. My car is in the shop."

I thought for a second. "Well, come on. I'll drive you home."

Ryan smiled, and her eyes sparkled as they met mine. "Thank you!"

The silence in the car was in stark contrast to the chatter we had shared in the restaurant. Ryan mostly looked out her window. Her left hand traced tiny circles on her smooth, taut thigh as we drove. We arrived at her house too soon, and I felt sad to see her go. "I had fun." I breathed. "I don't get out much. Thank you."

Ryan looked at me intently, as though she were waiting for something. Finally and reluctantly said "Goodnight Carla." She gently laid a farewell kiss on my cheek.

As I drove away, the evening replayed in my thoughts. Even though Ryan wasn't at all what I expected, my evening had been one of the best I'd had in a very long time. I sat in my car for a while after I got home. Really, only one thing was missing. I had kind of expected something... that involved less clothing to happen. I giggled to myself at the thought. I really liked Ryan, so I could sacrifice that one little thing.

The next morning I woke up early and grabbed my phone. There were no messages. I felt a little disappointed. I went to my computer room and fired everything up. I might as well get some work done. I was halfway through my latest project when an instant message popped up from Ryan. "Can't wait to see you again!"

"I look forward to it." I replied.

"When are you free?" She asked.

"I'm pretty flexible." I answered.

"Ok. I'll check my schedule and get back to you." Ryan said.

A few hours later another message came through from Ryan. "I'll make dinner tomorrow, if you would like to come."

"Yes! Of course. What time?" I asked.

"Around 7:00?" She sent.

"I'll be there!" I typed excitedly.

The next day flew by. I was happy to have a few projects on my plate to keep me busy. By 5:30 I was ready to shut everything down and get ready to go. It was different getting ready this time. There weren't any expectations. I still wanted to look nice, of course, but I didn't feel the need to impress her. I took out my favorite flowing skirt. The brown and green swirls looked casual, yet thought out. The thin fabric accentuated my round ass. I found a forest green cami that brought out the green in my eyes. I threw on some subtle makeup. Last, I twisted my hair up and clipped it in place. I turned in front of the mirror, pleased with what I saw.

Twenty minutes later, I hopped out of my car at Ryan's house and walked up the driveway. I was excited to see her again. I tapped once in the door, and it opened right away, as though she were waiting for me. "Hi!" I greeted her.

"Please, come in." She invited with a smile, pushing her silky hair back. "Dinner is just about ready."

I sat at the table and chatted with her while Ryan finished cooking. She was wearing a short white sun dress with red polka dots on it, revealing her toned, caramel thighs. She grabbed two plates and poured pasta onto them. She added freshly baked bread, and sliced cheese, then placed them on the table.

We talked while we ate, like the oldest of friends. When we finished we put our jackets on and went for a walk. Ryan lived near a beautiful park, with a lit walking path. We strolled while we talked some more. It grew dark out, and it was getting late, so we made our way back to her house. We decided to hang out just a little while longer.

Inside, she poured us each a glass of wine. I knew I shouldn't, due to the 3 glasses I'd already had with dinner. I took it anyway. I settled in on the fluffy brown couch. She went over, started the electric fireplace, and flipped the lights off. We sat together on the couch quietly, sipping our wine. I felt so comfortable with her. I turned to look at her profile in the the flickering light. She was truly a stunning beauty. Not at all the person I had pictured silhouetted before me that night I had fantasized about Ryan, but still a sight to see. She caught me looking at her and our eyes met. Her lips curved in an inviting smile. "Another glass of wine?"

"I probably shouldn't." I giggled. "But... why not..."

As I sipped the new glass of wine, my body felt warm and fuzzy. I didn't even try to hide my admiration for Ryan. Every part of her was so sensual. The curve of her neck longed to be kissed. Her... what was I thinking? I'd never been with a woman before. I'd never even considered it. However, I'd never sat next to a woman like Ryan before. I was thinking things I never expected.

"What's on your mind?" Ryan practically whispered.

"I was thinking... I was thinking... that your hair is beautiful. Really..." I reached out and slid my fingers through the ends of her hair. It slipped through my fingertips like satin.

"Is that all?" She prompted.

I simply stared into her eyes, lost in the amber depths. She leaned close, and my heartbeat accelerated. "I meant what I said." She breathed, lips brushing my ear.

My mind raced. What did she say? Everything was a blur. My heart was beating out of my chest. "What..." I squeaked out.

This time her breath in my ear felt like fire. "Nothing has changed..." and with that she took my ear lobe between her lips and sucked for a second.

I was ready to jump out of my skin. I couldn't... could I? I pulled away from her. The scent of her perfume was making me confused. "I've never..." I stuttered.

Ryan lifted my chin, forcing me to lock eyes with her. Her lips gently met mine. It felt like a spark from the fire had landed directly on my lips. The tingling in my belly told me I needed more from her. She pulled back, eyes half closed, and raised one brow. I was frozen. My eyes betrayed my lust for her. "Carla, I want you. Do you want me?" She asked.

I offered her the smallest nod, encouraging her to push me farther. Her hand slid up my thigh as she kissed me again. Her lips lingered this time, until I felt myself responding to her. The electric jolt that hit me when her lips parted and our tongues touched almost threw me from the couch. My fingers grazed the soft skin on her arm as the kiss grew deeper. Every fiber of my being was alight with desire.

Ryan's lips traveled down my neck to my collarbone, nibbling and kissing. My breathing was erratic and fast. I gripped the couch as her hand traced the edge of my panties. I must have looked terrified because she stopped and sat back. "Are you ok?" She asked.

"Yes. I just need a minute." I said

She pushed her hair back and got up. "I'll get more wine." She offered.

While she was out of the room I composed myself. I knew what I wanted. I decided to just let go, and have fun. Before I could change my mind, I stood up, pulled my cami and skirt off, and let them fall softly to the floor. I arranged myself seductively on the couch, unclipped my hair, and shook the bouncy waves out until they cascaded around my shoulders.

When Ryan walked back into the room, her red lips fell open in surprise. "Beautiful." Was all she said before walking swiftly to my side. She knelt on the plush rug in front of me and pulled me down to the floor. Her lips rained kisses across my neck and shoulders. She slid the straps of my black push up bra down and I arched my back to allow her access to the latch. As she pulled the bra off, my breasts jumped free, the creamy mounds topped with pert pink nipples, hard with anticipation.
