 Hey there! It has been quite literally forever, over a year in fact, since I last published. My life has been absolutely upside down insane but I finally find myself willing and able to write again. 

These two chapters are a bit of a change of pace for me, not to spoil too much, but if you're looking for sex, you will have to wait for the next installment! This one is slow, action filled, and all about the tease.

Small disclaimer: I didn't include BDSM because this is not an accurate representation of BDSM in any way, shape, or form. The story is just that, a story, it is not meant to be realistic about relationships. This is why I placed the tag lesbian reluctance/non compliance to more accurately describe what occurs in this installment.

*****

Chapter 11

Lena was completely different from both Embry and Skye. She possessed a confidence about her that made her stature even more imposing, made her even larger than she was physically. Her personality was something I wouldn't have expected from an older woman, but I was young and foolish, seeing what I anticipated from the world around me and nothing as it really was. If I'd had any insight, had the very valuable ability to read people as everyone around me did, I'd have noticed immediately what her talents were.

"Follow me," she commanded simply, replacing her veil with grace.

I nodded and followed her as she exited the tent. I was apprehensive as to where exactly she was taking me and what I would find there. 

I immediately noticed my familiar settings as we passed into the commotion of the afternoon marketplace. Vendors were shouting wares from their carts and wagons, people wandered through, browsing and scolding the children who played in the busy walkways. A warm breeze blew, shifting the top layer of the packed sand beneath my boots. We cut between some of the wagons and I noticed a group of kids about my age, some younger, with a couple older men a good distance behind the wagons. I could tell, just from the way they were interacting that something was wrong, even far away. I watched this older man take hold of one of the boys by the shirt and lift him a few inches up. 

Before I could say anything Lena was gliding gracefully over the sand towards them. I followed her apprehensively but quickly, trying to work out a plan in my head. I felt naked unarmed.

"What's this?" The second man stood before Lena, looking her over carefully. The first man lowered the boy and turned in curiosity. I stood just behind Lena, waiting, thinking. The other kids noticed and recognized me, I motioned with my head for them to go, they needed little persuasion.

"Put him down," Lena's low voice caressed my ears, even in this time of tension. She spoke in such a soft voice, you had to lean in to hear it. She was drawing him in towards her by speaking softly, something my father had taught me; but she didn't need to, he was walking eagerly headlong into the trap laid by her cerulean robes and shapely figure.

"Oooooh, she's got some fire, I like this one, Miles." He crossed his arms and smiled deviously as he called over his shoulder to the other man, not taking his eyes off her, "That's some tough talk for a whore, how much do you cost, sweetheart?" The boy cried out from behind the second man. The first man, Miles, was speaking very low to the boy, so low I couldn't make it out.

"I won't say it again," I could hear her smiling now, even as my blood turned cold listening to the struggle occurring before us. I heard him chuckle and watched him uncross his arms, his hands dropping dangerously back to his sides, he was armed and I was watching, waiting for him to draw his weapon and attack. He moved ever closer, only inches away from her now, too close for much to happen from the outside, only between them.

"Oh? And what are you gonna..." I watched, mystified, as she had spun him and stood before Miles' with a knife at the second man's throat. I was certain I had missed something in the moment I had blinked. How had she done that? She made it look effortless. Miles turned, hearing his friend cough and sputter, she must have struck him in the struggle, he couldn't catch his breath.

"This doesn't concern you," Miles' voice was rough like worn leather. His eyes were dark and his expression harsh but unchanging, even at the events that had transpired.

"You are in no position to negotiate, release him." Her tone was cold and I watched the knife dig into the man's neck threateningly, he had just begun to catch his breath. Miles' sighed,

"No matter, I'll have my money one way or another." He pitched the boy aside as if he were nothing, the boy rolled into the sand, kicking up a cloud of dust. 

I saw Lena flinch, she saw it coming too. She threw the man before her towards Miles, but this didn't stop him, he shoved him to the ground, trampling him, and lunged at her. I watched in horror as his fist connected with her face and she dropped into the sand. I leapt at him, attempting to shoulder tackle him. It was like striking a tree, I bounced off him and landed on my back in the sand. In seconds I realized my mistake as he stepped over me, barely missing trampling me as well. He stumbled to his knees, taking short, hoarse breaths. 

I realized later, I had only managed to hurt him because I had struck him in the ribs with my shoulder. I remembered the man on the ground with the sword. I scrambled for him, trying to get to him before Miles got to me, or worse, Lena.

The second man was crawling now, having been crushed by Miles in his approach toward Lena. I stomped on his back and drew the sword from his side, he choked insults at me but they were quickly ignored. 

I turned back to see Miles recovered and heading towards Lena, who was back on her feet to my amazement. He swung with his massive fists, once, twice, three times, missing her by centimeters, as I headed towards him. I was horrified that another strike would connect with her and take her out for good. I didn't realize, until I approached them, that she was striking him in return. With each near miss, as his giant limbs sped past her she was cutting him, blood spattering on her and the ground. He growled and his face contorted as his frustration mounted. He was wearing himself out and she was encouraging him, enraging him, tangling him in her spiderweb.

He stumbled to his knees, blood and sweat poured from him, he panted. She had masterfully cut up the insides of his arms, most notably I saw the large cuts extending down the insides of his forearms, the type that Embry had described to me could kill someone. She stood before him, just out of reach, small knives in each hand. He chuckled,

"I knew I'd die at the hands of a whore, just didn't think it would be like this." He grinned a crooked grin at her.

I felt an arm close around my neck and let out a stifled cry as a large, grubby hand covered my face. The second man had me, I flailed in surprise. Lena turned and I watched her recoil an arm before letting a knife fly towards me. I closed my eyes, fearing the worst, hearing a crunch and a wave of air speed past my left ear. The second man released me, dropping to the ground, her knife had landed inches from my face, buried to the hilt in his left eye. 

When I turned back, I saw Miles atop her. He had taken advantage of her distraction. I retrieved the sword I had dropped in terror and surprise and ran the short distance between us. She shoved him off of her, her knife protruded from his neck. 

I stood over him with the sword pointed to his chest, he had only moments, but I wanted to be sure. She rolled easily to her side and onto her feet, standing beside me as Miles sputtered his last. Lena knelt and pulled the knife from his neck before standing again.

"Are you alright?" she asked,

"I should ask you that, your face," I reached up towards her but realized I couldn't remove the veil. 

"It's fine."

"NOVA!" I recognized the voice immediately, I became aware that guards were all around us. The boy who had been thrown was standing with them. Lios came running up to both of us, "Is everyone alright? What happened?"

"I'm ok, he attacked us, he was hurting that boy over there." I pointed to him. "We stopped him and he turned on us."

"He summoned the guard and said you were here, I wanted to make sure you were ok." He turned to Lena, who hovered over the second man now, pulling her knife from his skull. "Are you hurt?"

"No, I'm fine." she said curtly, examining her knife before kneeling next to the man and wiping the blood on his shirt, "Are we free to go?"

"Yes, I think I can sort this out." he turned back to me, embracing me for only a moment, "Nova, be careful."

"Yes father," I kissed him briefly on the cheek and released him to return with Lena. 

We began the walk back to the wagon, filthy and worn down. People stared at us, realizing we had been part of the scuffle. I didn't realize until it was over how focused I had been on it all and how inconsequential all of the people around us had become. I had literal tunnel vision during the fight, despite all my training. Lena was amazing, how had she managed to fight off both these huge men with only two small knives?

"How did you do that?"

"Do what?" she asked simply, examining her knife once again.

"You fought both those men with small knives, he even struck you and you recovered just fine, and the knife throwing, how did you do that?"

She chuckled with her dark voice,

"You certainly ask a lot of questions, I'll explain when we get back." She said, looking around us at the crowd that was watching us meander down the road, I nodded.

***********************************************

Chapter 12

Instead of heading into the tent, she took a jug of water from outside the wagon and walked up the steps into the wagon, motioning for me to follow her. Once inside, I closed the door and was greeted by the familiar must of the wagon itself, but it was nice to have some space and a door that closed. The wagon had ample bunk space as well as an open section toward the far end that resembled a sitting area with padded seating and large windows. Lena lit two lanterns at the far end of the wagon and drew the curtains over the windows in the common area where she was standing. She removed her veil and rubbed her chin with her hand. In the dim light I could make out a rather large bruise on the left side of her face.

"Holy shit," I said moving towards her quickly and leaning in to look at her.

"I'm fine," she said simply, "It's not that bad."

"You can't see it," I said looking at her, "the whole side of your face is bruised."

"Wouldn't be the first time," she said turning away from me, toward a storage closet and pulling out more robes and some towels. "Doesn't hurt that badly." She handed me a washcloth and a towel and began to undress. 

I shook my head but let it go and began to undress as well. 

"How do you take these things so lightly?"

"What reason is there to take them seriously?" Her pale skin shone, even in the dim light. She was long and thin, even moreso without her robes. "I can't undo it, I was hit, it hurts, I have a mark, it will get better." She was stained with blood all over and was bruised in more than a few places.

"My god, you're covered in them!" I couldn't contain myself, I took hold of one of her wrists and turned her arm, examining a myriad of marks on her. I noticed, however, that some of the marks were older, yellowing and healing.

She looked at me for a moment before she smiled, withdrawing her wrist gently from my hand. 

"They didn't tell you, did they?" her smile was so devious it almost scared me, I was nervous at where this conversation was going. I shook my head, she must have seen the nervousness in my face.

She laughed darkly as she bent and wet the washcloth before drawing it over her arm, rinsing the blood off and leaving a ghostly wet shine in its place.

"I'm not surprised, I'm sure Skye didn't want to scare you off." Scare me off? What was this woman going to do to me? I continued to wash off.

"So are you going to explain?" I asked, beginning to wash myself, my heart was pounding in my chest, I half wondered if she was going to attack me, I didn't doubt that I didn't stand a chance against her if she did.

"I suppose I should since you're here now," she ran the washcloth down her midsection knowingly, I shivered visibly. "You're a little too easy to manipulate." she smiled, watching me closely as she ran the other hand up over her chest. "There won't be any fun in this unless you put up a little bit of a fight." Was she serious? Did she really want me to put up a fight? What duality this woman posessed, to go from fighting down two men to seducing me. 

"You see," she said, wringing the wash cloth and dipping it once again before rinsing her face, "I deal in power, in control." She trailed the washcloth down her neck, chilling me with her cold eyes. "In pain." I shivered again, control and pain, I was apprehensive, but intrigued.

"So, you enjoy pain and taking what you want?" My heart couldn't beat any harder in my chest, my face was beginning to burn and I was thankful for the dim light of the lanterns.

"Sometimes." The washcloth slipped suggestively below her navel, traveling through a patch of well kept hair and slipping between her legs. It was hard to concentrate on the conversation at hand. "If I did that, I wouldn't serve anyone's needs but my own, and that's not what it's all about."

"Oh?" That was the most eloquent response I could muster with my head spinning as I watched her. My mind was alive with a myriad of possibilities, of emotions. A profound mixture of allure, mystery, and danger was stirring in me, bringing out physical responses I never knew I could have to them. She chuckled softly, wringing the wash cloth and draping it over a clothes hook before turning back to me and approaching me. My chest tightened and I flinched. I realized she had outstretched a hand to take the washcloth from me, she was still watching with those chilly eyes, grinning like the monsters from the picture books of my childhood. I reached out to hand her the wash cloth and, in an instant, found myself on the floor. I was winded and I gasped, feeling weight on my hips and chest. I choked and I could hear her laughing as she hovered over me.

"And Skye wouldn't shut up about your physical prowess, I'm disappointed." Her knees were pressing into my hip and my chest as she hovered over me, she leaned a bit harder, crushing me. My head stopped spinning and I caught my breath. I came back to my senses and began to struggle, trying to escape her. As I tried to turn away from her and roll out from under her crushing knees, she caught my one free hand and pulled it from the floor, returning me to my back and leaving me with little to escape her with. I struggled to bend my knees and force myself away from her with my legs, trying to buck her off with my hips, but she was too heavy and she only leant harder on top of me. She smiled deviously,

"There's the fight I was looking for," she chuckled.

This woman was toying with me, after seeing what she was capable of, I was almost afraid to upset her, that she could -would- retaliate if I didn't give her what she wanted. What was she going to do with me? I felt her weight shifting, her leg slipped over me and her hips settled on my own more quickly than I could do anything about. She had each of my wrists held over my head, one in each hand. I felt her body press into mine and her hot breath on my face. I had closed my eyes and was fighting back frustrated tears, I knew I didn't stand a chance.

"Now," I felt her face slip next to my own and her hair cascading on my face, her lips and tongue moved over my ear briefly, "Tell me what you want." Chills spread over my body and my breath caught in my throat. Her teeth nipped my earlobe and I gasped, it was an exotic mix of pleasure and pain, stinging momentarily and then setting my nerves alight with warmth that spread through me. Her lips and teeth moved up over my ear, my breath was coming quickly now and I felt my entire body tingling. 

"If you don't tell me, I'll stop." She was speaking into my ear now, I wasn't sure words would come. Her chest was crushing me and she beared down with her hips and hands around my wrists as she spoke, unintentionally slowing my breathing and making it hard to speak.

"I.. I want.." Her lips were moving down my neck, punctuated by nips and kisses. I moaned, "Don't stop, please."

"That's not how this works." She paused only momentarily, her tongue moving up my neck slowly. "You need to tell me what it is you want me to do." I panted, she had shifted her weight once again. Her hips shifted against my body and I couldn't think, I couldn't make words, I couldn't breathe.

I swallowed and attempted to regain some semblance of control over myself, I had to force myself to speak, even then I could only muster a whisper.

"I want you to fuck me."

Her dark voice chuckled into my ear,

"Good girl," she gave me another nibble and, to my complete and utter dismay, released me and began to stand up. I blinked - totally confused - and my stomach dropped in absolute fear that I had messed up, despite the praise.

"What did I do wrong?"

She had picked up the long forgotten washcloth, hung it, and was dressing now,

"Nothing," she said plainly, "You did everything I told you to do."

"I don't understand," I sat up, "Why did you stop?"

"Same reason." She turned to me and laughed gently, "I told you this wasn't all about me and what I want, there's a lot more to it than just bending you to my will. Don't worry, I'll teach you in time." She grinned that evil grin, "Get dressed, you can sleep in one of these beds tonight." She gestured towards the bunks in the side of the caravan. "Dinner is outside in the usual place." I nodded, standing and beginning to dress.

"Oh," she paused a moment, pressing her finger to her lips as if to think momentarily, "Just because you're not sleeping with me, doesn't mean you can sleep with anyone else." She smiled and winked mischievously.

This was going to be quite an exercise, not because I couldn't sleep with other people, but simply because I had spent the afternoon with this woman and still had no grasp on her. I was trying to fathom how someone who had so much control over their life could want to lose it when they had the choice. I suppose at the time I could never have grasped that concept without an explanation, I had never known the amount of control and strength Lena possessed. I knew, however, just like I had with Skye, that I yearned to learn it, to experience it, to harness it. I sought the control that both of them seemed to have over their lives, their choices. I knew so little and understood even less about them and their motives. If I had known, perhaps I'd have been able to more amply prepare myself for what was to come. After dinner, I slept restlessly in the bunk. I wasn't alone in the caravan, which was comforting, a couple others, including Lena, slept there. The space was just too constrained and I had spent enough time with both Embry and Skye to feel uncomfortable sleeping without someone beside me. I almost panicked when Lena woke me gently.

"Get up," She commanded softly.

I blinked a couple times, still asleep. She was holding a dim lamp that seemed much too bright and I realized the sun had yet to come up. She stood and walked off, leaving me in the dark, in the bunk, to debate getting up or rolling over. Lena's exorbitant strength and stature seemed far less imposing in the sleepy haze that enveloped me, but I forced myself into the darkness, out of the comfort of the bed and into the cold of the early morning. I put on my boots shivering and headed outside as quietly as I could to avoid disturbing the rest of my caravan companions. Lena met me just outside, she put down the lamp and I realized just how dark it still was. I could make out my breath in the dim light and I felt the hair on my skin objecting profusely. 
