 Sister Marie had always enjoyed helping Father Paul at weddings, and today at Mandy's wedding it was no different. 

Sister had devoted her life to Mother Church, ever since she had discovered at an early age that she like the company of women. Hoping that the church would rid her of her secret desires. 

A secret she kept hidden, except if somebody looked hard in Sister's little apartment they would discover some very adult toys, that were kept in a secret place.

Mandy, on the other hand had enjoyed the company of boys, but never let them do more than give her a kiss, before rushing home and letting her fingers release her sexual tension. 

It was not that she didn't want to have sex, but coming from a small town in Canada, she felt word might leak out of her sexual exploits.

During these times of solitary sex, Mandy occasionally thought of girls in a sexual way, but dismissed it as a sexual fantasy. Something that would never happen.

So it came to pass that Mandy met Alex while at college and they decided to marry. It was to be a small wedding, simply because Mandy's mother couldn't attend, and she was to be all alone at the wedding, in the biggest city she had ever seen.

The day finally arrived and Mandy was joyful, as she arrived at the church, wearing a totally wonderful white gown, and being met by Sister Marie, who had some very bad news.

Ushering her into the rectory, Sister took Mandy's hand in hers and told her that the church had received word that the wedding was off.

It seemed that Alex's family had notified the church that he had changed his mind and had left for the United States that very morning.

Mandy considered killing herself right there and then. Luckily Sister Marie was there to console her.

"Why me? Why did this have to happen to me? Mandy said, to no one in particular. It was then that Sister Marie took her in her arms, and said, "sometimes life gives us some very harsh lessons."

"Out of all of this you will find true love. I'm sure of that."

As Mandy rested her head on Sister's chest she noticed something. The fragrance on Sister's habit was that of the incense, and it also was very erotic. 

She also noticed something else. She noticed that Sister's breathing was getting deeper, almost heavier.

Sister ran her hands through Mandy's hair, and shushed her till Mandy dropped her hand to Sister's knee and instinctively squeezed, causing Sister to jump a little but Sister said nothing.

Mandy's breath was getting shallow, and coming in short gasps. She was getting excited, and very wet. She needed love and sex, and she needed it right now.

Sister, very gently started to kiss away Mandy's tears, whispering, "it's alright, I'm here."

Sister Marie realized that she too was getting excited, and although they were alone in the huge church building, she thought, this can't be happening. 

As she continued to kiss away the tears, she took her tongue and licked one away. This almost made Mandy cum on the spot.

Sister licked her face again and Mandy let her, as a sign of approval. As Sister licked her face Mandy took her hand and pulled Sister to her and licked Sister's face, until Sister Marie sucked Mandy's tongue right into her mouth.

Mandy was totally Sister Marie's now and she would let her do anything she wanted, and Sister Marie, throwing caution to the wind, wanted to make love to Mandy. Right there and then.

As Mandy reached for Sister's ample breasts, Sister did the same, cupping and squeezing Mandy's breasts in her hands, and the smile on Mandy's face was evidence that Mandy was over Alex.

"I'm glad you can smile again," Sister said, as she licked down to Mandy's cleavage, while fumbling with the hooks on Mandy's white wedding gown.

"Yes, take it off me. I want to be naked for you. I want you to fuck me," Mandy said, almost screaming.

"Yes my darling, I'm going to fuck you, as only a woman can fuck another woman," Sister said, with words that were strange for her. "Wait here while I double check that all the doors are locked," said Sister breathlessly.

When she returned moments later Sister found Mandy completely naked and sitting in front of the church computer. Quickly kissing her cross before removing it, Sister stepped out of her habit, and walked over to Mandy, standing just behind her.

Putting her hands on Mandy's shoulders, Sister bent to gently kiss the back of her neck. Taking her hand, she brushed away Mandy's hair and kissed her little ear, before licking every crevice. 

Nibbling on her earlobe, Sister allowed her hands to drift and cup Mandy's beautiful breasts, pulling and pinching her stiff little nipples, between her fingers.

As Mandy turned her head slightly Sister kissed her so very softly on her tender lips, before tracing the outline of her lips with the tip of her tongue. 

As Sister's tongue penetrated Mandy's mouth, she allowed one hand to caress down to Mandy's soft tummy, before it came to rest on Mandy's hot wet pussy.

As she parted Mandy's pussy lips with her fingers and softly patted her clit, Sister licked the roof of Mandy's mouth, driving her hotter and hotter. 

As their tongues danced on each others, Sister penetrated Mandy's pussy with her finger and plunged it deep.

Breaking the kiss Sister leaned further over Mandy's shoulder and let her tongue lick in a little circle around her nipple. 

As this was happening Mandy opened her own mouth and drew in Sister's breast. Nursing like a baby on Sister's rock hard nipple. 

As they nursed on each others nipples Sister continued to finger fuck Mandy harder and faster, until Mandy threw her head back and screamed, "oh it's happening, I'm going to cum."

"Yes cum for me," Sister said.

While Mandy was trying to recover Sister said, "I want to taste you," and moved in front of Mandy before dropping to her knees. 

After lifting her legs to her shoulders, Sister put her hands on Mandy's inner thighs. Breathing in her wonderful scent before kissing her hot wet pussy. 

Licking her delicate folds, Sister parted her pussy lips with her thumbs to lick her inner lips. Plunging her tongue in deep Sister tongue fucked her while she patted Mandy's clit. 

Probing her pussy walls as her fingers cuddled and petted Mandy's swollen clit. As Mandy was getting closer Sister replaced her tongue with her finger and swirled her tongue over Mandy's clit.

Sucking hard like a straw, while Mandy's moans got louder. Mandy having waited so long for somebody to make love to her couldn't restrain herself, and gushed her sweet pussy honey strong.

While Mandy tried to recover Sister reached for her own breast and brought it to her mouth. 

Licking her rock hard nipple before holding her breast to Mandy's pussy. In almost a whisper, Sister said, "I'm going to tit fuck you."

With one hand parting her pussy lips Sister pushed her tit as far as she could in Mandy's hot wet pussy, before flicking her nipple back an forth in a little circle over Mandy's clit. 

It was all that Mandy could do to sit still and hold on for the ride of her young life. In almost an instant Mandy gushed over Sister's tit, and almost passed out with the passion.

As Sister was helping Mandy get dressed, she asked, "are you all over Alex now?" Mandy replied, "oh yes, but now I'm in love with you." With a smile Sister said, "and I'm in love with you darling."