 Doris wakes from a bad dream and finds herself in a hospital bed. Her head is pounding but that is nothing compared to the pain in her legs that hang off of pulleys, spread eagled in the air. "Ohhhh," she groans as she tries to remember what happened.

She and her boyfriend went to the ski resort to celebrate their 1 year anniversary. Doris was practically born on skis and 3 years ago she almost made the Olympic ski team. Matter of fact the only thing she likes better than skiing is sex with her boyfriend. Sex in its self is a distant second. But Tom just knows all the right buttons to push on her like no other. She just can't seem to get enough of him.

But now it comes back to her that Tom brought her to the resort for break up sex. After three tremendous orgasms and promises of more Tom dropped the news on her. She was too wrapped up in her skiing and was neglecting him. That he had found another more "normal" girl. Then after a few tears and a big fight, he left. Men have had the same complaint before with Doris but this time it hurt because of the sex.

Pissed off, feeling hurt and worried about finding a new boyfriend as good as Tom in the sack, Doris did what she always did in times of crisis, she went skiing. But this time because she was feeling reckless and not paying attention enough, she had a terrible fall and the last thing she remembers is the large tree heading for her as she slid down the hill on her ass.

Doris presses the button to call the nurse for some pain medication and to find out how bad she fucked herself up. After a short while a tall buxom blond enters her room in answer to her page.

"Look whose awake, my names Nurse Cindy how do you feel Doris?"

"Not to good Nurse Cindy can you give me some pain killers and tell me what's wrong with Me.?"

"Sure thing Doris lets see what your chart says. It says here you have 2 broken bones in your left leg and 3 in your right and you have a concussion. I would hate to see what the tree you hit looks like," Nurse Cindy giggles. "Well,well,well, that's interesting, says your legs have to be in this position for at least 6 weeks, sounds like you and I are going to become good friends," Nurse Cindy leers. "I'll get that medication for you now. Be right back."

Doris groans, "Six weeks, with my legs in casts, well that sucks." Doris looks around and sees she is in a small private room. A 19 inch color TV hangs on the wall in front of her feet. Nurse Cindy quickly returns with her medication and some water.

"Here you go Doris, do you need anything else before I do my rounds?" Nurse Cindy asks as she hands Doris her pills and water.

Doris takes her first good look at Nurse Cindy, She is a tall older blond in her early forty's who has obviously retained the beauty of her youth, the type of woman who actually becomes better looking with age. But the first thing you notice about Nurse Cindy is how her breasts strain at her nurses uniform. She has it completely buttoned but that only seems to heighten her sexuality instead of lesson it.

"Yes Nurse Cindy matter of fact there is," Doris says, "Could you get someone to turn on the TV for me please?"

"Sure thing honey, it will have to be in the morning though because the people with the TV service have all gone home for the night. Would you like me to read you a bed time story instead Doris?" Nurse Cindy giggles.

"No that's ok," Doris chuckles, "I think I'll just go back to sleep. I'm very tired and I have a bad headache."

"Ok then, See you tomorrow Doris," Nurse Cindy says as she leaves the room. Doris takes her pills and is fast asleep within five minutes. 

Thirty minutes later with Doris in a deep sleep from the pills Cindy has given her, Cindy returns to check on her ward. Finding her almost comatose, Nurse Cindy unbuttons Doris's hospital gown and inserts her hand beneath it as she slowly fondles Doris's large full breasts until Doris's nipples become fully erect. She lifts the gown from the bottom and slowly rubs Doris's swelling clit until her pussy is wet enough to insert a finger in. Cindy messages Doris's womanly pearl with the palm of her hand while she pokes her pussy with her finger until Doris starts moaning in her sleep.

Removing both her hands from their pleasure palaces, Cindy sucks her finger clean and mutters to herself, "Tasty, but you seem to be running a fever, you seem quit...hot," Cindy giggles as she saunters out the room.

Late the next morning Doris awakes from her fitful slumbers. Her head no longer hurts and the pains in her legs have diminished somewhat. She tries to remember the erotic dream she has had while she slept but the only thing that comes back to her is how horny she seems to be getting. On her night stand she sees the remote for the TV and turns it on. "Cindy you're a doll," She says as she settles down to watch all the day time TV she has never seen before. She is particularly excited to see Judge Judy having once had a relative on the show. After lunch she doses off only to awake to Nurse Cindy bending over her as she fluffs her pillows. She is treated to a up close, reluctant view of her ample cleavage as Nurse Cindy's freckled bosoms gently wiggle on her face and shoulders with one of her buttons undone. Doris can't help but be surprised by the subtle tingle she feels in her pussy.

Finished with the pillows nurse Cindy stands up and say's, "How are we feeling today Doris, any better?"

"Much better Nurse Cindy,"

"Please just call me Cindy," putting her hand on Doris's arm and squeezing. "I'll check back on you later," Cindy says as she bustles out the room.

"Well she's a busy one," Doris muses as she does some channel surfing. She comes across an "X" rated channel, she pauses for a second, then feeling guilty quickly turns on something else. Her mind keeps coming back to the porn channel and after a bit she finds herself listening for Cindy's foot steps as she changes it back to the channel. And right on cue; out of nowhere Cindy rushes into the room with a pill and some warm milk for Doris to take just as a monster cock parts some video nymphs gapping gash.

"Oh my," Cindy squeals as she sees what is on the TV.

Doris turns redder than a tomato as she fumbles with the remote and finally gets the Disney channel on. "Uh, I wasn't watching that," Doris stammers, "It was a commercial and it just came on."

Cindy looks at Doris and slowly smiles, "Don't worry about it Hun, us nurses watch it all the time in the nurses lounge. I think that fine example of manhood goes by the name of Will Hung, he's in a lot of the movies on that channel."

"He reminds me off my boyfriend, I mean my ex, I mean he wasn't as big, oh dam it, I just meant my boyfriend looks like him."

"Hehe, I no what you mean Doris, when you break up with a man, every other man reminds you of the ex a little bit." Cindy rubs her arm up and down and leans over to kiss her gently on the forehead, exposing even more breast than the last time as another button is now open. "Here, I brought you some nice warm milk to help you sleep."

Again feeling the tingles in her pussy as she eyes Cindy's cleavage, Doris takes her pill and a sip of milk. Smacking her lips at how sweet and tasty the milk tastes, Doris brings the glass back to her lips and finishes off the rest of it in several long gulps. "Do you always put sweetener in your milk that was delicious?" Doris states as she wipes away her mustache. 

"No sweetener needed Hun that's all natural, I didn't even need to heat it," Cindy says proudly.

With a quizzical look on her face Doris asks, "What do you mean all natural?"

"Oh Doris didn't you know? Some of the women who give birth here, well they don't have much money or insurance, so they offer their mothers milk as partial payment, as a special treat I brought this too you straight from the nipple so to speak."

Doris almost turns green at the thought of what is rolling around in her belly and she sits up in bed making retching noises. Cindy quickly grabs her in a bear hug smashing her tits into Doris's as Cindy rubs and pats her back.

"Relax baby calm down, it's all right. Try to keep it down though if you can, its very good for you and will help in the healing and will help get you back on your ski's that much quicker. Remember you did say you liked the taste before you knew what it was. All the nurses and many of the patients drink nothing but."

Doris listened to all Cindy had to say, she had to admit that it did taste very good and she was sure it was quite healthy. It was just the shock of being surprised like that. Anything that would get her back on the slopes faster she was all for and she was very open minded to start. So long before Cindy finally stopped hugging her and patting her back and right around the time she felt her own nipples stiffen with pleasure from rubbing into Cindy, Doris had decided she really liked the idea of drinking the breast milk. 

"I'm all right now Cindy and to prove it can I have another glass?"

"Well sure thing honey, this won't be fresh though the dairy farm is asleep," Cindy giggles leavening to fetch the milk. She returns with another warm glass of milk, "Sorry I had to nuke it but you still should like it."

Doris takes the new glass and carefully drinks it down. Cindy is right the milk still tastes great but it's missing something that the first glass had. Either way though she is sure she will have no further problems with the milk. So smacking her lips when done, "Ah that hit the spot. Thanks Cindy I'm sorry I was such a pain before it just that I had never had mothers milk before and I was surprised. Now that I know what it is and have tasted it I do like it much better than regular milk. But your right it does taste better fresh," Doris says with a blush.

"That's all right Doris I should have told you first before you drank it." Cindy winks at Doris and puts her finger to her lips, "I like it straight from the tit better too. Well since I'm here any way, I might as well give you your sponge bath," Cindy states as she lowers Doris's legs down so she can sit up in bed. Doris has never been bathed by a woman before and her blush deepens as Cindy finishes lowering her legs, has her sit up in bed and unties her gown in the back. "Be right back Hun," Cindy leaves the room and quickly returns with a rolling table supplied with all she will need for the sponge bath.

After wetting the sponge she slowly, gently, drags it around Doris's neck and her shoulders in the back. "You have such beautiful skin Doris," Cindy states as the sponge reaches her lower back sending goose bumps through Doris's body. Cindy is very thorough and Doris finds her self relaxing and getting drowsy from the sponge message when she feels her gown being pulled from her body in the front and dropping to her lap exposing her nipples to the night air. She instantly comes fully awake and covers her ample chest with her arms.

With arms on hips and a look of exasperation on her face Cindy pouts, "You silly goose how am I going to wash you if you cover up like that? I'm a woman and I'm a nurse, I've seen plenty of breasts before so lower those arms now missy!"

Blushing even more if possible Doris mentally forces her arms to her lap and turns her head to the wall so she doesn't have to see Cindy. "Well I never," Cindy exclaims, "With breasts as perfect as these, why you should be shy showing them I have no idea. "Doris's nipples harden and despite herself she feels her back arch just a little to display her breasts better to Cindy.

"Thank you," Doris mutters into the wall as a small subconscious smile comes to her face. The moist sponge rubs the small of her neck and Doris can feel a little river of water run down her chest to disappear between the valley of her bosoms, but before it can go any further it is sucked up by the sponge as it scrubs the erogenous zone between her breasts. "Hispppp," escapes from her lips as the goose bumps return in force and Doris surprisingly finds her pussy coming awake.

Cindy pretends not to notice, but a smile comes to her face, when a soft moan can be heard as she strokes downward with the sponge on the large, full, firm, tear drop shaped orbs that Doris has been graced with. And when the sponge reaches her proud nipples, Doris finds herself wishing it was Cindy's lips instead as sweat breaks out on her forehead and she licks her lips wishing but also not wishing this bath would end.

Finally done with her breasts, Cindy sponges Doris's stomach. Doris waits for the sponge's eventual southward plunge with a mixture of trepidation and anticipation and when she feels it moving in that direction neither woman is surprised that Doris's legs spread quickly and maybe just a bit too wide as it waits for the sponges arrival. The soft rubbery material spreads her swelling lips and adds it's moister to her own as it gently tickles Doris's pussy to full arousal. Doris is fighting the urge to grind on the sponge but little hip thrusts still are evident to both women as the sponge does its job.

Doris's hands are no longer in her lap as they some how have made there way to her sides and as the more vigorous scrubbing starts she feels them tensing, along with the rest of her body and lifting her but up off the bed to meet the sponge. Just when Doris is about to give into the building orgasm she is trying so hard to hold back, "All done," Cindy states as she collects up the sponge and table and pounces out the room. 

In an instant Doris's mind races back, "What just happened?" Her body is still in full arousal, her nipples and clit hard enough to cut glass and her pussy soaked from water and lust, Doris's hand shoots between her legs to finish what the sponge started. It isn't long before her hand is racing back and forth between her legs, her hips humping and moans of pleasure are filling the room, as her climax approaches the point of no return,

"Oh my I wouldn't do that if I were you Hun," Cindy declares in a motherly tone. Doris caught with her hand in the cookie jar, snatches her hand away as fast as she can. In a quiet voice Cindy says, "Don't get me wrong I'm not apposed to rubbing a quick one out, God knows how many times I have myself, but unless you want to be on that TV, on that channel you seem to like so much as one of the stars, I don't think that Jilling off in the room is such a good idea." Pointing to just above the TV, "There's camera's in all the rooms in case one of the patients is having medical problems. Hi Mary," Cindy says as she waves to the camera.

"Oh My GOD, I never saw that before," Doris says as she pulls the covers over her head, "I'm so embarrassed." 

"Oh don't be Cindy, we all do it, Mary more than most," Cindy giggles. "I'm just glad I came back to put your legs back up before the change of shift in ten minutes and Ron our male nurse at the desk comes in. Now that would have been embarrassing. The poor man hasn't seen a vagina in twenty five years. I would hate to have to explain why he had a heart attack watching the monitors. You'd be wanted for murder."

Doris removes the covers from her face and can't help but laugh as she shyly waves to Mary.

"That's the spirit, now let me get back to my rounds and maybe I'll have some more of that nice milk you like so much for you later. Freshly squeezed," Cindy giggles.

Doris thinks, "What next," as she sneaks another peak at the camera. How did I not see that before she wonders? She even starts to wonder if it was always there. Cindy is as good as her word and a few hours later she brings her another nice warm glass of fresh mother's milk to go along with her pill and she is quickly asleep for the night. Once again her stealthy night caller pays her a visit and once more she has erotic dreams she can't remember upon waking.

She wakes the next morning and while eating her breakfast she turns on the TV to discover the only channel she can receive is the porn channel. She doesn't want to disturb the busy nurses during breakfast so she resigns herself to watching the further adventures of Will Hung. But the movie ends shortly, just as Doris was beginning to really enjoy his fine attributes and was trying to decide if the camera could see her hand if she threw a blanket on her lap.

The next movie wasn't much to her liking as there wasn't one male in it. She once again tried to change the channel with no success. So she tries to turn the set off and finds that won't work either. "This is ridiculous," She says, "Now I have to watch lesbos cavorting all day." Doris lies in her bed pouting, occasionally glancing at the TV and trying to decide if the nurses are done with breakfast, before she knows it she is watching the movie full time and once again debating the blanket in her lap.

Things changed for her with the move when a nurse with a very strong resemblance to Cindy started taking another women's "temperature" with her finger and the two women were quickly in bed together. Doris felt her own temperature rising and when she caught herself hoping Cindy would take her temperature; she grabbed the buzzer and paged the nurse. A women she had never seen before came in and she registered her complaint. The nurse was unable to fix the TV but promised to call the service as soon as possible to come fix it. Unfortunately for Cindy, this nurse wasn't as vigilant in her job as Cindy and the phone call was never placed.

For now at least she could turn the sound down and is able to fall asleep until lunch, with dreams of boobies filling her head. For lunch she has typical bad hospital food with nuked mother's milk which she is really starting to look forward too. Soon after she sees a nurse helping a very busty young woman to walk down the hall and when another nurse comes in to check on her Doris asks, "Who is that woman with the nurse that just walked by?" The nurse thinks for a second and then her eyes light up.

"Was she busty, very young?"

"Yeah that was her, who is she, I haven't seen her before?"

"Oh that's Judy; she's the one that donates a lot of the milk to the hospital. She was in a bad car wreck and she just starting to walk again. Her baby can't take formula so she has to keep her milk up while in the hospital. She produces much more than he can drink so she sort of sells the rest to the hospital to help pay her bills."

"Thanks nurse I was wondering who it was who donated the milk." About half an hour later Doris is deeply into the plot of her movie, she must be because she can't take her eyes away. It seems to involve a woman who has to have her breast sucked by other women every hour or they will explode. Her hand unknowingly has made its way between her legs waiting for the right moment to slide between her nether lips, when she hears voices and someone's shuffling steps near her door. She reluctantly drags her eyes away from the TV to see Judy being slowly guided by her door.

At first sight of Judy, Doris's hand automatically seeks her clit which is throbbing before it ever gets there. Her mouth starts to water and her nipples harden, she hears a rumbling in her tummy so loud that Judy and the nurse in the hall stop at the noise and look at her. All she can do is smile at the two women and say "Oh excuse me I'm so sorry."

"That's ok I kind of burp loud sometimes too," Judy says, "My names Judy, what's yours?"

"Hi Judy, I'm Doris," Judy manages to slur around the spit filling her mouth.

"Nice to meet you Doris, I would love to stay and chat but all this walking has worn me out. It's hard to lug these two fun bags around with a broken pelvis," Judy says hefting a large breast for Doris to see.

Doris is unable to talk until she swallows and her answer is drowned out by the loud rumble her tummy is producing. So she waves to Judy as she walks away. But she can hear Judy say "Poor woman, I wonder what's wrong with her tummy." Once again blushing and very aroused she now realizes where her hand is and yanks it away. "Ahhhhhh, I can't go six weeks like this without cumming," Doris says frustrated. She pages the nurse and asked for some more milk which quickly stops her salivating and settles her stomach but only makes the ache in her clit worse.
