 Summary: Straight girl has the greatest coming out party of all time.

Note 1: This is a Holiday Season Contest Story so please vote.

Note 2: Please note this story was inspired a year ago when I read about a new exclusive REAL Skirt Club (a lesbian gathering of mostly rich straight or bi women). This intrigued me, and I did a lot of research and hope one day to attend one. That said, I created my own world for straight and secret lesbians called NylonParty that will bring back some of my other characters from previous stories.

Although there are a couple of similarities to my recent Lez Awakenings story (a curious and shy lesbian virgin goes to a party), I believe this is a much different story. I hope you agree and enjoy.

Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert and Wayne for editing.

NylonParty: Christmas Initiation

It had been a long day. I had written two finals and was completely comatose and needed about eighty hours of sleep to even remotely return from the land of the living dead.

I wasn't home two minutes, although that was long enough to get out of my jeans and sweater, when there was a knock at the door to my apartment.

I considered ignoring it. But because of my somewhat neurotic tendencies I would be wondering all night who'd been at the door and that would keep me up... and I definitely didn't want to be awake even fifteen minutes from now.

So I grabbed a robe, put it on, also still in a bra, panties and nylons, and I peeked through the peephole, you can never be too safe, to see a ridiculously pretty blonde standing in the hallway with a parcel in her hands.

It was two weeks before Christmas and although I was going home for the holidays, I figured it was Mom sending me another care package, something she'd done every two weeks since I'd arrived in Boston from a small blink-and-you'll-miss-it town in Wisconsin... although just two days ago I'd received her latest package with baked goods, pajamas, socks, and a hundred dollars.

Intrigued and curious, I opened the door, reassured that this beauty didn't look anything like a serial killer.

The blonde, dressed in an elf outfit, a rather tight-fitting one, with green pantyhose (can't say I knew such a thing existed), asked me, "Are you Hannah Loggins?"

"Um, yeah," I nodded, trying to figure out why she was here and how she hadn't been freezing outside in such a formfitting outfit. It was 44° F. today. Cold enough I'd worn a t-shirt under my sweater under my denim jacket.

"Great," she smiled widely, sounding so deliriously happy that I was me, I kind of wanted to slap her. "You've been invited to a special women's only Christmas party on December 23rd."

"By whom?" I asked, her invitation not at all what I was expecting.

"I don't know," the way-too-beautiful-to-be-a-delivery-girl answered. She handed me the box and said, "I've been told all the information is in the box."

"That's a big box for just information," I pointed out.

"It also contains a gift from Governor Greene," she explained.

"No way," I said, having just a month ago attended her inspirational lecture about feminism and sexuality. It had completely changed my outlook on everything, and it was why I was even now wearing the pair of sheer Elegance Stockings I had been given at the end of the lecture... 'a symbol of feminine unity', in the words of hopefully the next President of the United States. Her theory that sexuality was fluid and needn't be limited to categories such as straight or gay or bi, and that ninety percent of women had considered the idea of having sex with another woman, had me confirming my sexuality, one I'd been hiding away from other people for the past semester.

I definitely was curious, both sexually, but also about what was in the package.

"Governor Greene is hosting a special evening at her house," the incredibly breathtaking girl continued, adding incredibly strange detail after incredibly strange detail.

"I thought you said you didn't know who the invitation is from," I replied, confused.

"I don't. Somebody named Rosie. But what the invitation is to, is the evening with Governor Greene."

"That's a very literal approach; what are you, an elf?" I asked.

She smiled warmly, which only made her hotter, "No, I'm human all right. My name is Mindy, I'm one of Carolyn Adams' submissives; she's the one who makes the Elegance Stockings you're wearing. I'm on loan to Governor Greene for the week. And you are deliciously adorable."

"Um, thanks," I said, trying to process this surreal conversation that no one would believe I was having.

"That was meant as a compliment," she clarified, handing me a box.

"Um, okay," I said, still overwhelmed at the beauty of this girl, with what she was telling me and also that she seemed to be flirting with me. Girls didn't flirt with me, although ever since that inspiring lecture, I was kind of wishing some would.

"Enjoy the gift and I hope to see you there," she smiled.

"Okay," I replied, completely overwhelmed by the entire conversation.

Then just when I thought it couldn't get any weirder, it got weirder.

The hottest girl I had ever seen face to face kissed me. It was only for a few seconds, but my entire body felt jolts of electric pleasure as her soft lips touched mine.

I didn't think, I reacted... kissing her back, indulging in a curiosity that had been brimming under the surface of my conservative persona.

When her lips left mine, I felt disappointment course through me that it was over.

"I hope to see you there, sexy Hannah," she smiled and blew me a kiss before turning and bouncing away.

I watched her leave, noticing a seam down the back of her nylons as I stood there, lost in a sexual haze.

When she reached the end of the hallway, she turned and looked back at me, catching me staring at her.

Usually I would have turned away immediately even as my face burned red... yet, this time I didn't, as I was still completely captivated by this mysterious, beautiful, irrepressible woman. I just kept staring like a horny teenage boy.

She waved and I waved distractedly back, and then she stepped into the elevator and was gone.

I closed the door to my apartment and took the package to my kitchen table. I opened it quickly, my curiosity controlling my actions.

I don't know what I was expecting to find in the box, I hadn't had any time to process the strange last few minutes, but it definitely wasn't this.

There were twelve pairs of Elegance Stockings in a variety of colours, and an envelope.

I opened the envelope and found a letter.

I read it.

Dearest Hannah,

You are cordially invited to a special evening of self-exploration.



You were invited by recommendation. In other words, someone nominated you as a suitable guest to attend this special evening.



Due to our desire for secrecy and not wishing to have any party crashers, portions of this letter are rather vague. Just know that what lies before you is a once in a lifetime opportunity to spend a night with other women of class and power.



If interested, please mark the evening of December 23rd on your calendar, then go to the website at the end of this letter and follow the instructions there.



The deadline to accept this invitation is December 16th.



We hope to see you on the 23rd, but even if you decline this offer, the Elegance Stockings are our gift for you.



God bless, 

Ms. Rosie 

I read the letter a dozen times. It was supposedly sent on behalf of Governor Greene, the nylons further proof that it was, as she was a spokeswoman for the very popular Elegance Stockings brand that was the number two hashtag on twitter. I wondered who Ms. Rosie was.

The whole letter was cryptically fascinating and yet the detail I kept coming back to was that someone had recommended me.

Who?

Why?

For what?

I was a nobody freshman at Boston College; how did I fit in with 'other women of class and power'?

These questions replayed in my mind as I pulled up my laptop and typed in the URL from the letter.

The webpage displayed six pairs of legs all in different colours of hosiery. In the lower right corner was an Enter button.

Once I pressed the button, a new screen appeared with three scrolling images:

The first one showed a pair of black nylon-clad legs crossed on a desk, a heel dangling from one foot... with the statistic: 90% of modern women ages 18-60 have expressed curiosity about being with a woman.



The second showed two women in lingerie leaning against a stripper pole... with the statistic: 99% of women who have had oral sex with another woman admit to experiencing better orgasms than with a man.



The third showed two women kissing... with the statistic: 1/3 of young women identify themselves as bisexual.

As I read these stats, I realized I was among the ninety percent who were curious. I also would have been in the one-third of women declaring themselves bisexual (kind of: I wouldn't admit that in public, which made me wonder if a third was a conservatively low number). I had to admit to myself that I wanted to find out if I would be in the ninety-nine percent figure as well, as I fantasized constantly about licking another girl and being licked in return.

On the left side were some navigation buttons:

-Philosophy 

-Nylon Code

-Locations

-Upcoming Events

-Application

-Blog

-Stories

-Shop

Curious, I clicked on the philosophy, completely intrigued by this website.



In 2016, Skirt Clubs began popping up in select locations across the world. These theme parties cater to upper class woman of curiosity who have sufficient disposable money to enjoy a private night of lesbian play in an elegant environment. These parties are for the select and thus exclude many women who do not belong to such rarified society. Thus the idea of NylonParty was created, which is for curious women of any economic level, often including women in relationships with men, to explore their bi side in a safe and comfortable, but not necessarily five-star, environment.



These new NylonParty events are quite similar to those of the Skirt Clubs, except they are more inclusive. The idea is quite simple: women of 2018 can no longer be pigeon-holed as necessarily straight. Ninety percent of women are at least somewhat curious about being with a woman (this includes interactions as innocent as kissing another woman, to cuddling with another woman, to admiring the beauty of another woman, to having oral sex, to toy exploration, to S & M, to whatever else you might imagine).



As this female revolution occurs simultaneously with increasing number of men exploring their own sexuality in non-traditional ways, we feel it is time to enhance the revolution by providing women safe places to be completely free from the male-based hierarchy and its archaic and prohibitive views of feminine sexuality, and to encourage their inhibitions to be completely freed. 



NylonParty is a community of women who want to explore with other women not only their sexuality, but their view of the world. 



NylonParty is not only about sex, although we believe women should be free to explore their own sexual desires in the non-judgemental company of similar-minded women, but it's also about empowerment, as we women take control not only of our own lives, but also of society.



Governor Greene's declaration to women last month as she announced her 2020 White House bid is the foundation for a community of strong-willed, proud women who are reclaiming their sexual identity and no longer hiding in the shadows of a male-dominated society.



Governor Greene's Declaration:

No longer will women sit back and be sexual objects to men, unless on occasion we choose to be.

No longer will women be quietly tolerant of sexual harassment and humiliation by predatory men.

No longer will women allow themselves to be silenced by centuries of male suppression.



No longer.



The revolution is here.



Women, stand up.

Women, dress as you please.

Women, come together as one.



The decades of 'someday' are in the past; the decade of tomorrow is here.



On December 10th the revolution begins. Show your support for the cause by wearing white nylons. The symbolic white will be a declaration of YOU regaining your sexuality, making a statement that you, and only you, will decide the future role of women.

As I read this, I smiled as that had been two days ago and I, and every other girl at Boston College except three that I saw, wore white nylons on that day. Over a billion people on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat participated. The picture of Governor Greene wearing hers as she addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations became within two hours, the most tweeted photo in world history. It has since quadrupled in total tweets.

Even my old-fashioned stay-at-home Mom took a selfie in white nylons and posted it.

The revolution had indeed begun.

I kept reading.

Nylon Parties are not orgies, as men have described them or fantasized them to be (although they can turn into them... wink wink), as they fear the rise of a new modern feminism, which is a lot more powerful than any of the previous waves. No, they are social gatherings where no limitations exist except the inhibitions stemming from our own subconscious.



In conclusion, we now know that female sexuality is fluid. Women with men, women with women, women with the transgendered... any pairing or combination is part of the glorious enigma that is a woman.



So sign up, accept yourself, let go of your inhibitions, and join the revolution.

I became so excited as I read the philosophy.

I had long harbored a secret attraction to girls which I sure couldn't admit to back in my Lutheran town, and I had also been unable to explore it in college due to my shyness. Thus, wearing white stockings was a rush for me as I felt it was a silent scream of my true sexuality on display.

Wanting to know more and being a bit of a fussbudget when it comes to order, I clicked on the next tab: Nylon Code.

It was a single sentence followed by a chart.

If you attend NylonParty, your colour of stockings will inform your fellow attendees about your variety of interest and experience.



Black: Mistress or Domme (these women are in charge and are looking to interact with women who are submissive and obedient).

I recalled my favourite lesbian story, where two mistresses go head to head to take charge as the ultimate Mistress, and how stimulating I found the idea of submitting to a strong-willed and experienced older woman. I wondered if the Mindy I'd just met was the same Mindy as in that story. That would be amazing! And she had easily recognized my Elegance Stockings, which were prominent in the story.

A seam down the back indicates Domme, no seam means Mistress (see definitions section for more). 



I clicked on the term Mistress to see what the difference was between the two dominant terms.



Mistress: A loving but stern woman whose primary focus is to train women to be good, obedient and fulfilled submissives. A mistress is usually loving and compassionate, although she can also be firm and give discipline... imagine a wise teacher.

I then clicked back and clicked on Domme.

Domme: A dominant woman who expects complete obedience and will punish harshly... typically in an S & M relationship.



I returned to the nylon code page.

Red: experienced lesbian 

Seam: wants to fuck and be fucked

No seam: wants to lick and be licked 



White: lesbian virgin; likely curious, but not necessarily attending to find out

Seam: curious and likely willing

No seam: slightly curious



Beige: submissive 

Seam: will obey without hesitation 

No seam: curious about own submissiveness 



Pink: pillow princess; wants to be catered to and worshipped, does not return the pleasure 

Seam: wants to be fucked and pleased 

No seam: wants to be licked and pleased



Blue: into everything

Seam: willing to do anything with anyone (anal, fisting, tribbing, orgies, strap-ons)

No seam: also willing to do anything with anyone

I went back to the box and found there were indeed two pairs of each of the six colours mentioned, and each colour had one pair with a seam. They were all thigh high stockings.

My fascination and intrigue just kept increasing.

If I went, I knew I would be wearing white with a seam... I was definitely curious, and given the right safe scenario (and I hoped this would be the opportunity I'd inwardly longed for) I would definitely want to explore if I felt brave enough. I badly wanted to kiss another girl after my first brief introduction half an hour ago; I definitely wanted to taste a pussy for the first time.

I also knew my second choice would be beige, as I knew was a submissive. I loved to please, which is why when I had a boyfriend (which I hadn't had since leaving him behind to come to Boston) I sucked him whenever he asked, swallowed and took facials, wore his cum at a drive-in and even let him do anal once (which I eventually enjoyed once I got past the initial pain).

I clicked on: Locations



Coming soon: over 1000 locations throughout the world in 2019.



I imagined the revolution continuing at sex parties across the globe, which made me smile.

I clicked on: Upcoming Events



Nylon Party World Premiere kickoff on Dec 23 in Boston (by invitation only).



Grand Openings: February 1st (locations TBA).
