 Amanda Brown was being escorted down a hallway in a large, 6-bedroom house by another woman. She was a beautiful young lady, only 23 years of age, with silky black hair that flowed all the way down past her shoulders. Her features were pretty and distinct, and she stood at a reasonable height of 5'6". 

The house was located on the outskirts of Los Angeles, although Amanda wasn't sure exactly where. She was completely naked, except for a blindfold covering her beautiful green eyes. Her slim, toned body was accentuated by her relatively plump, medium-sized breasts, as well as her perfect round ass. 

The lady walking her through the house was slightly older, in her late twenties, and clothed (well, barely). Her name was Sasha Haze, and she was gorgeous in her own right, with similarly long blonde hair and a perfect body. Currently she was wearing a black lace bra and panties, although those would soon come off once she found her destination. 

Amanda's hands were tied behind her waist with a small piece of rope. She relied on Sasha's guiding hand on her lower back. They reached a flight of stairs, and Sasha directed Amanda appropriately. 

"We've hit the stairs, slave," said Sasha playfully. "Your loving customer awaits upstairs. Now move your ass, bitch." 

Sasha spanked Amanda's butt, and Amanda grimaced slightly as she began heading up the stairs. Once they reached the top, Sasha guided Amanda to a simple hallway containing four bedrooms to one side, with two bathrooms on the opposite side. The first three bedroom doors were closed, although the loud sounds of sex could be heard through each one. 

Sasha was the owner of an underground business secretly known as the Nympho Club. This was a special prostitution service, catering only to beautiful young lesbian girls that wanted to experience the full extent of lesbian satisfaction. There was a stringent acceptance criteria for both employees, as well as customers. Local women who wanted to use Nympho Club to fulfill their lesbian fantasies had to submit an extensive profile before being approved to hire a prostitute. 

On a standard scale of female beauty (from one to ten), you could say that nobody amongst all the parties involved was less than a nine. Superficial as this was, you couldn't blame the employees of Nympho Club - hot young lesbian women simply wanted to service other hot young lesbian women. 

Business was flourishing despite the strict standards of acceptance. There were surprisingly many beautiful young women in Los Angeles who were interested in exploring their lesbian side. Amanda was Sasha's most recent hire, and she was confident that Amanda would become a favorite of their customers. Yet little did most new hires realize just how unique -- and kinky - Nympho Club really was, until they had served their first customer. 

"I've taken you to the first house I ever established," said Sasha, guiding Amanda down the hall. "We're going to be in the fourth room all the way down. That's where it all started for me." Sasha smiled, looking at Amanda's perky, erect nipples. Even though Amanda was nervous, Sasha could tell she was really horny. 

Amanda was breathing deeply, her entire body tense. Sasha knew that the real reason for Amanda's nervousness was that many of these "jobs," as they called them, were totally unpredictable. Some customers were indeed crazy, ready to ravage Sasha's girls as if they were their personal, temporary sex slaves and push them to the deep boundaries of sexual exploration. However, Sasha prepared her girls well for all types of situations, and they ultimately always enjoyed the kinky experiences in the end. There was very low turnover -- the vast majority of them kept coming back for more work! 

They finally reached the fourth doorway, which was slightly open. Sasha stepped inside first, and then led Amanda in. She closed the door behind them. 

The room was relatively large, with an ornate king-sized platform bed next to a large window. A small desk was situated in the corner, with a laptop and desk lamp. On the bed was seated a beautiful young brunette, with blue eyes and a mischievous smile. She was only wearing a pair of blue panties. Her large, round breasts were firm and erect, with her nipples pointing straight up. She had a glittering diamond navel ring. Her long, slim legs highlighted her dominating, 5'10" stature. As soon as Sasha brought Amanda before her, the brunette couldn't take her eyes off. 

"Welcome," she said with a slight Persian accent, getting up off the bed. "My name is Jasmine. I have been waiting for you anxiously, and I must say, you look even better than I expected in person!" 

Jasmine gleefully scurried forward and took off Amanda's blindfold, tossing it aside. They looked into each other's eyes longingly, not saying a word. Sasha untied Amanda's hands, and Amanda immediately placed them on Jasmine's hips. 

"Ohhh, you've trained her well!" remarked Jasmine, noticing the gesture. She placed her hands on Amanda's, pushing them away from her body. "But you see, tonight will be more about you, Amanda, my beautiful young sex slave. You will soon learn that nothing turns me on more than watching another hot girl cringing in orgasm. You gave her my little 'disclaimer,' right, Sasha?" 

Sasha nodded. "Yes, indeed. We certainly discussed the fact that you love anal pleasure. Particularly giving the anal pleasure." 

"Absolutely," said Jasmine, caressing Amanda's breasts. She squeezed them gently. "You are tense and nervous now, my love, but in just a few moments I will transfer that tension and nervousness, to a different part of your body." She slapped Amanda's right butt cheek playfully. "Get on the bed, bitchslave." 

Amanda complied without saying a word, as she had been trained to do. She was getting paid $200 for tonight, so she wasn't complaining. Hopefully she'll be done in less than five hours, thought Amanda. That's $40 an hour... 

Amanda lay back on the bed, waiting for the imminent foreplay to begin. Jasmine eyed her lustfully as she began taking off her bra. "Now spread your legs apart, my sex slave."

* * * 

About an hour and several monstrous orgasms later, Amanda lay gasping on the bed. Actually, she wasn't gasping; she was trying to gasp. Her mouth was stuffed with a black, breathable ball gag. A spiked dog collar served to further accentuate the nature of the "bondage" that Jasmine was currently undergoing. However, Jasmine spared her the blindfold, wanting her to witness everything. 

Amanda's drool was leaking from the sides of her mouth and streaming down her chin and neck. Jasmine had just finished fucking Amanda with a huge strap-on and was licking the remaining juices from her sloppy wet pussy. Sasha was masturbating on the desk, as she enjoyed the sounds of her latest pupil groaning in ecstasy. Amanda's groans grew more excruciating, even as her customer finished licking her pussy. The reason for her apparent discomfort was a large, glass butt plug that Jasmine had stuffed up her ass earlier. It had been inside her for more than 20 minutes now. 

"You know how big this last toy was?" Jasmine asked with a sly smile, gently caressing the outside of Amanda's anus with one hand while she fondled her right breast with the other. "It was six inches long, and two inches at its widest point." 

Jasmine grasped the handle of the toy and began pulling it out. Amanda nearly screamed as she felt her asshole being stretched to incredible proportions. The widest point of the toy could be seen as Amanda's butthole was stretched open nearly two inches. Finally, Jasmine yanked the toy out fully, and Amanda's beautiful, ivory brown asshole slowly contracted back to its original position. A stream of liquid dribbled out of her asshole as the toy was removed. Jasmine could not be sure whether it was primarily saliva, vaginal fluids, lube, or a mixture of all three. Whatever it was, she knew Amanda's rectum was sufficiently lubricated for the next anal endeavor. Jasmine's appetite was not nearly satisfied - yet. 

She marveled at the view of Amanda's gaping, wet butthole with the reddish rectum gleaming inside. Eventually, she planned to insert a massive, 2-inch thick and 10-inch long anal probe all the way up into Amanda's ass. It would tickle her in places she never imagined. But first things first. 

Jasmine gently caressed Amanda's asshole, which was swollen and pink from the last few insertions. Amanda had been increasing the size steadily, yet now she was going to make a bit of a leap. She reached over and grabbed an innocent-looking, white butt plug, about medium size but still a little smaller than the one she had just removed. It had a long hose attached to an inflatable pump. There was an additional wire stemming out from the base of the toy, hooked up to a remote with a volumelike circular switch on the side. 

Amanda looked up at the toy with her wide eyes. That one doesn't look so bad, she thought. I wonder what trick this woman's got up her sleeve... 

Jasmine smiled and poured some lubricant onto the toy. She then gently inserted the tip into Amanda's contracting butthole. 

"Mmmhhmmhmm," groaned Amanda through the ball gag, as Jasmine slowly inserted the rubbery toy up her ass. It was about 4 inches in length. Once it was all in, she grabbed the inflatable pump and began pressing it. 

"Oomhmhmfffhh," gasped Amanda as she felt the toy become bigger inside her ass. Oh, what the fuck? She thought worriedly. I didn't know they had inflatable ass toys! 

"How does that feel?" asked Jasmine with a creepy smile. "You know, this is my favorite inflatable toy. It can get pretty large..." 

Amanda's gorgeous eyes, now a little bloodshot due to all the painful (yet ultimately extremely pleasurable) anal insertions, grew wide in shock as she felt the toy continue expanding inside her rectum. Her asshole became tighter and tighter, yet she had the feeling of taking a massive shit. Jasmine had pressed the pump a total of five times. 

"I'll build you up gradually, my dear," Jasmine said wickedly. She caressed the gap between Amanda's asshole and pussy, watching as Amanda's vaginal fluids streamed onto her fingers. She noticed a splotch of white, milky vaginal discharge starting to form on Amanda's gaping pussy hole. She was already close to another orgasm! 

Amanda's butt cheeks contracted rapidly as Sasha pumped the toy again. "We're at six," she said mischievously. 

Amanda groaned in pain as her enlarged rectum tried desperately to expel the huge toy out through her anus. Unfortunately, she was stuck with it for the time being. 

Finally, at 10 pumps, the toy was about 2.5 inches in width, and almost impossible to remove without stretching her asshole an unreasonable amount. She continued to try and push the toy out, but the only thing coming out of her ass was lube. The sticky fluid made gross "farting" noises as Amanda, drooling beyond measure from the sides of her mouth, tried with all her might to push it out. Yet for what felt like an eternity, all she was excreting was pussy juice from her vaginal opening, and the sticky lube from her rectum. 

Jasmine began expanding the toy again. Before Amanda knew it, she was at 15 pumps. At this point, Jasmine mercifully stopped. Amanda felt like screaming, yet continued to be restrained by the thick, heavy ball gag. Her mouth was hurting a bit, from being held wide open for so long. Additionally, the thick, heavy metal dog collar around her neck was a bit tight and starting to hurt her. Perhaps she could beg her customer for a break, just out of mercy. But how could she even beg? 

Jasmine was having her way with the slut. She was turning her into quite the anal superstar in one night. And the night wasn't even over yet! 

She couldn't help but be turned on by such a slutty whore, defenseless against her, for this period of time. This is what she was paying for. The ability to be a dominatrix. She loved fucking women. Their tender reactions when being penetrated, either vaginally or anally, were what drove her to nights like this. And she adored the fact that Amanda had such silky, smooth skin, with a perfect young body. She had just turned 23, after all. There were potentially a great many years ahead in this business for her - that was for sure. 

After a couple minutes of maintaining the balloon at 15 presses and watching Amanda writhing in obvious discomfort, Jasmine noticed Amanda's screams turn to whimpers. She was definitely getting used to the toy quickly, and enjoying it, in a sick way. Amanda's breathing began to slow, and her eyes relaxed a bit as her breasts heaved up and down slowly. Jasmine then playfully pressed the balloon one more time, generating a brief groan from Amanda as she heaved her chest up and then down heavily. 

Jasmine observed Amanda's ass with great joy. Amanda's tight asshole was rapidly contracting and expanding repeatedly. Presently, the toy had expanded 3 inches inside Amanda's rectum, pushing her to sensations she had never even imagined in her dreams. Thick globules of lube oozed out of her butthole, constantly wetting the base of the toy and the bed sheet underneath her ass. 

"Okay, when I turn this thing on, I decided I want to hear your reaction," said Jasmine. "I'm going to take your ball gag out, and you better not groan, or else! Promise?" 

Amanda nodded her head in obedience. Tears were running down her cheeks, but they weren't the emotional kind. They were obviously in response to the initial painfulness of the butt plug expanding inside her. However, the tears had stopped flowing; Amanda was now used to the present size of the toy, although she could certainly continue to feel it pressing hard against the walls of her rectum. 

"This is my final warning, okay, darling?" said Jasmine. "If you scream, or even groan too loudly, I'm going to spank you hard. Got it?" She smiled mischievously. 

Amanda nodded slowly with understanding. Jasmine then pulled the ball gag out, and Amanda sighed heavily. She restrained herself from letting out a scream, but continued to moan softly. Her ass was constantly struggling to push the toy out, but it was almost like a constant tug of war between her rectum and her colon, which was pulling the toy back in (yes, the toy had reached that deep). The three-inch circumference of the toy was far too wide to be excreted from her tiny asshole without significant pain and discomfort. 

Jasmine took her time with the toy. She was immensely turned on by the sight of Amanda's body writhing in discomfort. After what seemed like an eternity, Jasmine finally turned on the vibrator. She slowly turned the dial until it hit max, at which point a steady, loud "vhroooom" could be heard emanating from Amanda's ass. The toy made her asshole vibrate steadily. 

Amanda suddenly couldn't take it anymore. The immense pressure of the gigantic, vibrating toy inside her was finally pushing her to the limit. She groaned loudly in discomfort as the plug continued to heavily pressure the walls of her rectum. 

"You little slut, you didn't listen to me, did you?" snapped Jasmine. She spanked Amanda playfully on her left butt cheek, marveling at the amount of cum dribbling out of her wet pussy hole and onto the base of the butt plug. Amanda's clitoris was large and gleaming, indicating a state of extreme arousal. Her pussy lips were spreading themselves wide open, revealing her juicy slit and its reddish, inner vaginal walls. 

"Once I'm done stretching your ass here, I'm going to teach you a little lesson, you bitch-whore," scolded Jasmine. She smiled mischievously, caressing the inside of Amanda's thigh as she squirmed and writhed from the pressure of the huge plug. Amanda's moans became steadier and louder, as she was now struggling to push the toy out from her ass. Copious amounts of cum and lube dribbled out from her butthole and onto the base of the toy as she struggled to push it out. But, it felt as if her anal sphincter and surrounding muscles in her ass were no match for the immense toy. 

"All right, that's enough," said Jasmine. She turned the dial off, shutting down the vibrator. Then, she gradually deflated the toy, much to the relief of Amanda, who sighed heavily once it shrank to its original size. Several seconds later, the plug easily slid out of her asshole and fell onto the bedsheet. Thick globules of lube - among other stuff - covered the dirty toy. 

"You dirty little girl. I could get used to this..." Jasmine remarked, marveling at the sight of Amanda's gaping, wet asshole. "You look beautiful in there," she giggled, enjoying the view of Amanda's anal cavity. Her reddish rectal walls were glistening with lube. A milky white splotch of cum was dribbling out of Amanda's pussy and streaming down, directly into her puckered, brown bunghole. 

"Now that your ass is a little, um, stretched out, we can continue your training," said Jasmine. "You've been a very good girl so far." She caressed Amanda's left thigh and smiled. "The best is yet to come."