 This story is based on reluctance and coercion in a lesbian setting. It's fantasy, for the enjoyment of people who take pleasure in such themes. But if this type of storyline is not for you, thank you for stopping by but please pass on.

Oh yes... the woman at the heart of this tale is Erika Donati. She is even hotter in real life than she is in the story. 

*

I felt the sexual heat run through my body and settle in my pussy. How could I feel so aroused, just from a series of glances?

Callie and I had found a restaurant close to the newly renovated convention centre. It had looked a little upmarket for us but the table d'hôte menu had been surprisingly within our budget. And in that early afternoon time zone between the end of business lunch and the start of happy hour, it was relatively empty. 

The morning workshop had gone on for far too long and the only relief from the droning speaker had been when Callie had started her sexual games. I'm sure a couple of delegates nearby had noticed when she slipped her hand under the hem of my skirt but that sort of thing only encouraged her more. 

We'd been an item for a couple of years now, ever since we'd met at a student demonstration in London. One thing had led to another. We'd gone with another group to a pub afterwards and as people had drifted away, Callie had told me she loved brunettes and invited me back to her small bedsit for 'coffee'. 

I'd been with other women before, of course, but until I'd felt her fingers and mouth ravaging me, I'd been content to drift between lovers of either gender. She'd devoured me completely and since that night I'd been completely devoted to her. 

I'd long ago discovered that the idea of sex in public, with a real danger of being seen, was quite a turn on for her. She was incorrigible in that mood and the long white tablecloth had allowed her to continue her games in the restaurant without being noticed by the few other diners. 

Or had we?

It was the woman I could see over Callie's right shoulder who had tuned into our action. I was sure she had. I'd felt her looking at me... probing, searching. She was much older than either of us, in her mid forties, perhaps? A few strands of her dark hair sexily fell across her face and her dress was displaying almost as much of her long toned legs as it was her impressive cleavage.

But it was her eyes that had got to me more than anything. They smouldered.

There wasn't the slightest doubt in my mind that she knew what we were doing. Each time Callie became more adventurous under the table, the woman would smile at me while she flicked a hand through her hair, or ran her tongue across her full lips, or crossed and then uncrossed those long legs, or ran the tip of her finger across her fabulous cleavage...

God, she was a sexy bitch.

I found that I was becoming more turned on by her attention than I actually was by Callie's hand. More accurately, the way those deep eyes smouldered at me made me fantasise that it was her hand under the table, not my girlfriend's.

What the fuck was wrong with me?

I eventually excused myself and headed for the restrooms. A quick freshen up would help me ease the sexual tension I was feeling and then Callie and I would be heading back to register for tomorrow's conference. I'd never been unfaithful in my life, nor did I intend ever to break that resolution, yet by flirting so openly with our eyes, I almost felt that I'd been cheating on my girlfriend. Escaping from that piercing gaze would allow me to calm me down. 

The exposed brick walls of the restaurant seemed to be closing in as I headed towards the restrooms, making me realise just how much I'd drunk while we'd enjoyed our meal. Callie was good with alcohol. I'd never been that way. 

Alone in the bathroom, I hurried over to the sink and placed my palms face down on the cool counter. My heart was palpitating. I stared at myself in the mirror, seeing the need in my eyes staring back. As soon as we'd registered I'd take Callie back to the hotel and let her have her wicked way with me. She'd like that. 

God, so would I...

My mind began to drift. Whereas Callie was blonde, my first experience of girl-girl sex had been with a brunette, just like the woman in the restaurant. She'd been a similar age, too. Sandra had been a professor at my University and had a reputation for taking a fancy to some of her students. I'd been an innocent in those days of course and had been putty in her hands.

The very first time she'd taken me back to her quarter's at the University, she'd done things to me I'd only seen in porn films. Then she'd introduced me to her strappy. I'd always been curious about what it would be like to be fucked like that by another woman. I bit my lip as the recollection began to overwhelm me. I could almost feel her large strappy thrusting inside me...

The thought of the woman in the restaurant doing the same to me loomed large in my mind. God, sometimes these sexual fantasies just appeared in my mind from nowhere. Sandra been so sweet and so gentle but the woman I'd just been flirting with wouldn't be either. The look in her eyes told me that. 

Why the fuck did that thought turn me on so much?

My body trembled. Was I cumming? Without even touching myself? Impossible. 

I was dabbing water on my face, starting to pull myself together, when she entered the restrooms. I saw her in the mirror as I glanced up and I felt a shudder of arousal run through my body. I hadn't expected this...

She stood with her back to the door, arms folded across her breasts, just staring at me. Then she spoke.

"I love the pose. Is that for me?"

I realised that I was still half bent forward. That was the position I'd automatically adopt when Sandra entered the room, naked except for her long strappy. A bead of sweat broke out on my forehead and I stood up and turned towards her. Those eyes were burning into me again.

Neither of us spoke for a moment. My hands rested on the counter behind me, holding me up. I felt weak at the knees.

She sauntered across the room, stopping just short of me. She had one meticulously plucked brow raised, the corners of her full lips turned up in amusement, and those dark eyes were sending a message that was impossible to ignore.

"You were waiting for me?"

I shook my head. I needed to get out of there as quickly as I could. 

"Of course not."

She raised a hand to my face and when I quickly turned my head to the side, her fingertips caressed my cheek. 

"Of course you were. We both know that."

I just stared at her, unsure of how to respond.My nipples were already piercing my thin top and if I let go of the countertop I would crumble in a heap.

"I have to get back to my girlfriend."

She nodded, acknowledging and yet dismissing the thought.

"The blonde? She's cute. But not as cute as you. You're both English?"

I pursed my lips and nodded. I couldn't trust myself to speak. There was something about this woman that crawled inside you and made you sweat. I'd never met anyone with such an incredibly powerful sexual presence.

"My my, what a small world...," she purred. "I grew up in Leeds. They were three of the best years of my life. But perhaps it's just as well that I moved here. If you and I lived close together, you'd be hell on my marriage."

I felt the goosebumps break out on my skin.

"I really need to get back," I said, trying to regain my composure.

She smiled at me, as if challenging me to squeeze past her. She was standing close enough for me to smell her perfume and I could feel her hot breath each time she spoke. When I didn't move, she stepped even closer so that our bodies touched and traced her right index fingertip across the boundary of my left jawline.

"You knew I was watching you, didn't you? Did it turn you on? Is that why you came in here? You knew I would follow you, didn't you?"

I almost creamed my panties at the words. Was this really happening? 

"I'm with my girlfriend..." 

"I know," she breathed against my mouth. "That makes it all the sexier, don't you think?"

Her arm snaked around my neck. She curled her fingers in my hair and then roughly yanked my head back, tilting it to the side. I gasped in shock. Those full lips were only a fraction away and they looked so inviting...

"I SO love the devoted ones," she murmured as she traced the tip of her tongue along the outside of my lips. "You are going to be so much fun to corrupt."

When her lips pressed against mine, I shamefully responded with all the passion that had been building up over lunch. My body shivered as her snaking tongue invaded my mouth. This was wrong, so wrong. I was with Callie. Anyone could walk in here at any moment.

And yet it was so fucking sexy...

I found myself pinned against the sink behind me as we made out like rabid animals. Her lips were somehow both softer and more demanding than anyone I'd ever been with, woman or man. The feeling of her large breasts pushing against mine, her fingers curled in my hair, was almost more than I could take.

Her whisper was thick and husky as she at last pulled her lips away from mine and whispered in my ear.

"I'm going to touch you. And then I'm going to feed you."

Her teeth nipped my earlobe as her free hand effortlessly eased the hem of my skirt up above the tops of my stockings. I gasped out loud, and she smiled. In an instant her hand was sliding inside my thong. She knew exactly what she was doing and I was completely lost to the red haze engulfing me. Fuck, I was so wet! Her incredible touch skimmed along the ridge of my labia. She teased my clit without touching it, circling the swollen bud.

"Yes?" she whispered, with the slightest tinge of held-back violence.

I panted. This was all of my lewdest fantasies rolled into one.

"Yes..."

"Yes what...?"

"Yes, please..."

She held my head with her left hand tangled in my hair, holding me motionless as she looked in my eyes and smiled at me. When she stiffened two fingers and pushed them into my throbbing pussy, I couldn't contain the scream.

"Godddddddddddd..."

The word came out like a series of reverberations bouncing from the back of my throat. My senses went into overload. When she lightly thumbed my clit she may as well have flipped a detonator. I was cumming and I was cumming hard.

Despite the location, I screamed out again as the most violent of orgasms consumed my body. Erika covered the sound by kissing me again, her lips wet and soft. And then I felt her fingers against my mouth... feeding me my own juices. I gasped but obediently opened my lips for her. I was powerless to resist. 

"Good girl" she murmured as she fed me my own wetness.

She turned me around so that I was looking into the mirror. Her appearance was classy and elegant whereas I looked like a just-fucked streetwalker. I jumped slightly as she brushed her lips against against my cheek and I felt her breath again as she pressed a card into my hand.

"Whore" she whispered in my ear. 

I had to hold onto the counter to to stop myself from collapsing. She was right! In the blink of an eye I'd betrayed Cassie and willingly given myself to this stranger. I was a whore. And somehow that fact was incredibly exciting...

"Call me," I heard her say. 

It wasn't a request. It was an instruction.

As my mind attempted to take in what had just happened, I heard her vicious stilettos clicking away. When the door closed behind her, I looked down at the business card. It contained the word Erika and a single telephone number.

And then it hit me... she hadn't even asked my name.

*

I'd changed my mind at least a dozen times. 

I'd kept telling myself that I had no intention of calling Erika. No way. I couldn't do that to Callie. I'd never been unfaithful and I tried to convince myself that the encounter hadn't quite qualified as cheating. I'd had too much to drink and I'd been taken advantage of. After all, I hadn't done anything... 

Other than let a sexy, hot, older woman finger me to the best orgasm of my life! I hadn't been able to get the encounter out of my mind and Callie had been surprised by the ferocity of my lovemaking last night. If only she'd known why. 

Mind you, she probably wouldn't have remembered even if I'd confessed. We'd found a nice place for dinner and consumed far too much wine. I had my limits but Callie never knew when to stop. She'd been drunk out of her mind when we'd returned to our hotel. Maybe that had been just as well? 

I'm sure I'd called her Erika when she'd gone down on me... 

I couldn't get the older woman out of my mind. If she could give me such a violent climax with her fingers, what she could do with her mouth? The fantasy had me salivating. So did the thought of what it would be like to go down on her...

When morning had arrived, I'd looked at Callie beside me and then dredged up a willpower I didn't know I had. Though she was still feeling the effect of the alcohol, I'd helped her get ready and we'd headed to the conference. I reasoned that it was the only way to remove temptation and by the time we returned to our hotel this evening, Erika would be just a distant wet dream. 

The plan had worked well. Until Callie had taken ill, that was. I'd seen it before. She needed to sleep off her alcoholic over indulgence and I'd managed to get her back to our hotel in a taxi and tuck her up in bed. 

All I had to do was return to the conference. Instead, I'd reached for the telephone...

*

Erika and I sat at the same table I'd occupied with Callie. I was sure that was a deliberate decision on her part. Returning to the same restaurant, the same table was a strong reminder of yesterday's encounter.

I hadn't eaten much. How could I? Almost as soon as we were seated she had removed one of her stilettos and begun to run her bare foot up and down my leg. 

"Tell me something," she sexily murmured after coffee arrived. "Did you think of me while fucking your girlfriend last night?"

My heart began to palpitate. She instinctively knew how to turn me on.

"Of course you did," she told me as I failed to find a response. "Was it good?"

I blinked my eyes in an attempt to stop my head from spinning. This was like one of my most extreme fantasies coming to life but I had to get a grip. 

"Erika, let's get something clear," I said, attempting to keep my voice calm and firm. "Callie is my girlfriend. I'm with her."

"Then why did you wait for me in the ladies yesterday?"

"I didn't... I... I..."

"You acted like the whore you are, darling. You can lie to me but you can't lie to yourself. That's why you called and asked to meet today, isn't it?"

She placed her elbow on the table and rested her chin on her hand, so casually that would could have been talking about the menu. Her foot under the table rose higher and began to push my legs apart.

"You know what's going to happen..." she drawled. "I'm going to bring alive every sluttish fantasy you've ever had, don't you?"

My hair stood on end and goosebumps appeared on every part of my body, but she hadn't finished. Her foot was scraping along my inner thigh and her eyes refused to leave mine.

"I'm going to crawl inside that pretty head and peel you apart..." 

I shuffled on the chair, knowing I should put a stop to this before it went too far but my legs were widening of their own volition. It felt as if she understood my desires better than I knew them myself.

"Give me your panties."

I gasped. Was she joking?

"Now! Here, at the table. No one can see." She stretched out her hand. "Take them off and give them to me, dear."

The way she looked at me, the way she spoke, made me feel powerless to do anything other than follow her instruction. A blush spread across my cheeks as I shifted my body and slid the skimpy panties down my legs. I was as discreet as I could manage but didn't dare glance around in case anyone was watching.

Erika took the black panties from my trembling hand and placed them in open view on the table beside her. Her foot found my wetness and she ran her big toe along the full length of my opening.

"You can't cum. Understand?" 

Her toe gently parted my labia and I stifled a groan. When she eased the toe inside me, my body was consumed with a dizzying heat. Sweat broke out on my forehead. Callie loved sex in public places but she was an amateur compared to this woman.

When she somehow rotated her toe, my body jerked like a marionette being yanked to the ceiling. She smiled, giving me time to recover and then obtained the same result by repeating the action. I whimpered and held a serviette to my lips, trying to stifle the sound. Erika's eyes sparkled with amusement.

"Whore," she mouthed to me, twisting the toe inside me again.

The orgasm hit me like a freight train. My entire body began to shudder. I knew that my predicament would be clear to anyone observing us and yet I couldn't hold back the spellbinding climax. Erika kept her big toe in position, gently moving it inside me as if pacing me down from the throbbing intensity.

"Didn't I tell you that you mustn't cum," she eventually murmured, playful shaking an admonishing finger. "I think we're going to have to punish you when we get to my house, don't you? By the way, what's your name, dear?"

*

Erika's home was amazing—large, spacious and full of light. But I had no time to admire it. Her hands were on my body as soon as we entered, sliding my dress from my shoulders. I hadn't worn a bra and she nodded her approval as she stood back to admire my body, naked except for the nude thigh high stockings.

"It's just as well that my husband is away," she smiled. "I think he would have a conniption if he knew there were two whores in the house."

Turning, she walked across to the centre of the room and then turned back towards me. Leaning against the back of an antique looking sofa, she sexily crooked a finger.

"Come here."

Her voice was low and husky, as if the anticipation of what was about to happen was getting to her, too. When I was a couple of feet away, she slowly gathered and then pulled up the hem of her dress.

"Take off my panties, there's a good girl."

Her left hand found my right shoulder and applied a little downward pressure. I obediently sank to my knees, hooking my fingers into her panties as I did. I kept my gaze fixed upwards on hers as I gently pulled them down her legs. 

She lifted one leg and then the other to help me drag them away.

"Such a polite little slut..." she murmured, reaching down and stroking under my chin. "It's time now. Why don't you show me what you can do..."

I felt dizzy, like a drug addict needing their fix. Dipping my head forwards, I ran my tongue over my lips and then licked along the inside of her thigh. 

"Oh yes... good girl..."

I marvelled at the softness of her skin as I lifted one of her toned legs and carefully placed across my shoulder. That gave me a better angle and for a few moments I worshipped her beautiful pussy with only my eyes and my breath. The spell was broken when Erika's reached down to grasp my long dark hair. Her nails gently scratched my scalp as she pulled me to the Promised Land.

"It was my cunt you were thinking about when you were in bed with your girlfriend last night, yes?" Her voice was thick with need. "Lick me, Claire..." 

The words had hardly escaped her lips when I attacked her with my mouth. I needed to feed and I couldn't hold back. Electricity ran through my body at the first lap of my tongue. I licked my lips, savouring her taste, and then returned for more. 

I indulged myself for a while, luxuriating in the sound of her soft moans, and then traced a path between her labia with my tongue. They yielded gently and she mumbled unintelligibly as she fractionally adjusted her position against the sofa. Her clutching hands kept my face pressed firmly in position. 
