  

*

The soft pressure between my legs slowly brought me out of my sleep. I'd been dreaming again ... yet another dream about Erika. 

I hadn't contacted her since she had taken me like a two dollar whore at her apartment. I'd picked up the telephone several times, and I'd even dialled her number on a couple of occasions, but each time I had rang off before the call could register. Self-restraint was usually a strong point of mine and yet, where Erika was concerned, I needed every ounce I had. My sexy older lover had got into my psyche.

Half-conscious, I widened my legs and squeezed my eyes open. The way Callie was running her tongue across my labial lips was exquisite. Perhaps that was the reason I was so wet? It had nothing to do with my dreams of Erika after all.

Who was I kidding?

I ran my fingers through my beautiful girlfriend's blonde hair and arched my body. I wanted to concentrate on her and no-one else. When she grinned up at my sudden participation and changed her attention to my clit, I dragged my right leg over her shoulder and curled my foot around her neck. 

This was how it should be. Me and Callie. Callie and me.

"Mmmm, yes, baby..." I moaned.

She worked her stiff tongue inside me, knowing the effect it always had. When she began to thrust it back and forward like a little cock, the groan came from the very back of my throat. My fingers tightened in her hair and my groans turned into growls. 

I bent my other leg at the knee and planted the sole of my foot on the mattress. My body pushed higher so that only my shoulders remained on the crumpled bed linen and I began to grind up into her face. Callie momentarily pulled away, her eyes wide with surprise as she stared upwards from between my upwardly grinding thighs.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed. "What's got into you?"

My juices were smothered across her reddened face. Our lovemaking was invariably tender and my grinding had shocked her. For a moment I thought she was going to object, but instead she was licking my juices from her sweet lips.

"That's hot, Claire," she murmured. "Do that again, baby ... Come on ... Grind on me..."

I couldn't help myself. When her fingers dug into my asscheeks and pulled me tighter into her face, I roughly gripped her hair and gave her what she wanted. 

This was role reversal. Callie was me and I was Erika. 

A growl came from the back of my throat as I used her, as Erika had used me. I wrapped strand after strand of her blonde hair around my fingers, holding her face in position as I rubbed my needy pussy across her forehead, nose, mouth and chin. God, I was so lost in the moment that I didn't even know how long it lasted. 

It was only Callie's fingernails digging into my asscheeks that brought me back to reality.

"Fuck, Claire... I can hardly breathe..."

Her words came out in small gasps and brought me back to reality. Suddenly I felt very small. My girlfriend didn't deserve that.

"Callie... I'm sorry—"

"Nooooo," she interrupted. "That was fantastic. You've never done that to me before, baby. I love this side of you..." 

She grinned up at me as she spoke. Her blue eyes sparkled with excitement as she held my gaze and provocatively extended her tongue again. I moaned when she ran it across my mons. I gripped her hair even tighter between my long fingers and let out a roar of arousal as I started to buck on her face again.

"Yeah, like that..." she mumbled into my throbbing flesh. "Like that..."

*

"Hmm?" I asked. 

I hadn't quite caught what Callie had said.

It was three hours after our lovemaking session—no, our fucking session, that couldn't be termed lovemaking by any stretch of the imagination—and we were relaxing on the hotel terrace, enjoying a glass of wine.

"I know what you're thinking."

I glanced up at her again. We'd hardly spoken in those three hours. I'd constantly found myself miles away, thinking of one person and one person only. I only had to imagine Erika looking at me with those dark, smouldering, Italian for me to feel weak at the knees. 

I should have been focused on the mind-blowing sex Callie and I had just shared and yet every time my mind wandered in that direction it took a diversion and found itself outside of Erika's door again. As much as I hated myself for thinking this way, I realised I wanted more. 

I was like an addict needing her fix. God knows how many times I'd got myself off whenever Callie wasn't around thinking of her. And now I'd done the unpardonable. I'd taken Callie, used her, in exactly the sort of way that Erika used me. And I'd gotten off on it. 

"I've been thinking about it all morning, too," she said, nudging me with her foot. "You were so hot, Claire"

I reached out to cover her hand with mine. She was smiling across the table at me and couldn't have looked more beautiful. 

"Hey, it's okay," she said, sending me an empathetic grin. 

She knew me well enough to recognise the guilt written all over my face. Only this time, she had no idea of the reason for the angst behind my expression.

"I loved it, I really did," she enthused. "I want you to be forceful like that again. I've never heard you so vocal when you came."

That's because you didn't hear me with Erika, I reflected, before I could hold back that wicked thought.

I gave her another smile, but found it impossible to speak. The words were caught in the back of my throat. It didn't matter. Callie was doing enough talking for us both. I listened to her telling me how sexy I'd been for another few minutes, before she eventually veered off onto a different subject.

"I was thinking of doing some shopping," she said, flicking back her hair.

"Shopping?"

"Yeah," she softly said.

There was a slight blush on her face and if I didn't know better I'd have thought she was up to something. She had missed yesterday's session at the Conference too, although the day had been centred on Finances and that subject had always bored Callie.

"Why don't you head for that art exhibition you told me about," she suggested. "It's our day off, spend the afternoon there. You know I hate that pretentious stuff. A painting of a pile of rubbish looks like a pile of rubbish to me, not a masterpiece. So I'll go shopping."

The suggestion was appealing, albeit a little strange, too. Callie had spent most of her free day yesterday shopping for clothes and had returned without a single purchase. But I wasn't going to object. I could use some time by myself, just to get my thoughts in order.

"Yeah, okay," I casually said, not wanting to appear too eager. "That's not a bad idea."

It was more than that. Visiting the exhibition might help me take my mind from Erika. It was like eating chocolate—the best way to avoid it was not to buy it in the first place. The art exhibition was a great idea.

"Yes," I repeated, nodding my head to confirm my decision to myself. "We can meet up in time for dinner."

*

The ceilings were high and the white walls provided an expansive background to the pictures on display. Yet the exhibition had failed to inspire me. I had moved from room to room, trying to build up some sort of enthusiasm. But try as I might, my mood didn't improve.

My head was full of contradictory feelings. Callie was my girlfriend and yet she wasn't the one I wanted. Another dose of Erika was what I needed and yet that was bad for me. It didn't help that every time I internally debated my feelings, I came to a cul-de-sac.

When I reached the top floor, full of blown-up prints of women in various states of undress, I was taken completely by surprise. For the last couple of hours I'd worked hard to subjugate the simmering desires inhabiting my body and these prints—and especially the centrepiece—instantly brought them to the boil again. 

The large print in the centre was clearly designed to shock. The contrast was low and the lighting fuzzy, but it still clearly depicted a girl sinking to her knees before the engorged labia of an older woman. 

"What do you think?" a voice asked, over my shoulder. 

I turned to see a beautiful brunette, temptingly dressed in a low-rise pair of skinny jeans and an overly tight sleeveless blouse. Her deep brown eyes sparkled at me. 

"It is sexy, no?"

Her voice was accented and while I couldn't quite place it, the sound sent shivers down my spine. 

"Er ... yes..." I hesitantly replied. "I suppose so."

"You've been regarding it for some time. I've been watching you."

"You have?"

"Who wouldn't? You're a beautiful woman. Which other pictures have caught your imagination?"

I didn't know what to say. It was difficult enough coping with the deceitful thoughts inhabiting my mind without having a young brunette coming onto me, too. 

Her dark hair was pulled back into a severe ponytail and I found myself thinking that it made her face look harsher than it should. She would look completely different with it tumbling down over her shoulders. Her dark brown eyes were wonderfully expressive and she had the sort of full lips that I loved.

"There are so many to choose from," she said, beaming at me. "You're here by yourself?"

"With my girlfriend," I quickly responded, using my relationship as a shield.

She glanced around the room. "She's at the exhibition with you?"

"Er ... no. I'm here by myself but," I glanced at my watch. "I need to be going."

"You're sure?" she asked, placing her hand on my forearm. "There's a delightful little coffee shop I know not far from here."

*

I ordered an Iced Caramel Macchiato instead of coffee. Maybe it would cool the heat inside me? 

I should have been here with the brunette, but instead I had made my excuses and hurried away from the exhibition—and temptation—and found a small coffee shop by myself. I had enough on my plate without allowing myself to be picked up by a beautiful young woman. 

Yet the feelings she had left me with had confirmed what I already knew. I had an itch that wouldn't settle until it was scratched. 

Despite my session with Callie—God alone knew how I had stopped myself from calling her Erika when my orgasm had overwhelmed me—my body was alive with need again. 

I told myself I should go back to our hotel and see if she had returned after her shopping spree. But the likelihood was that she'd be gone for some time yet. That was okay, wasn't it? I could use my vibe and give my body the relief it needed. 

Except ... it was craving more than the relief that a heavy masturbatory session would provide. It was craving Erika. 

My fanciful thoughts flittered across our previous encounters. Before we had even been introduced the Italian siren had followed me into the public restrooms and fingered me to the best orgasm of my life. The next day she had fucked me with her toe under the table in the middle of a restaurant. And to cap it all, she had then taken me back to her apartment and taught me things I had only dreamt about. 

Wet dreams...

Her way with words emphasised her physical attraction. What had she whispered to me shortly after we'd first met? 

"I'm going to crawl inside that pretty head and peel you apart..." 

The feelings surging between my thighs were suddenly impossible to ignore. Despite myself, I found my trembling fingers reaching for my mobile. She sounded a little out of breath when she answered. 

The thought that I might have caught her in the middle of a session with some other hitherto-unsuspecting young woman instantly occurred to me, but that hateful thought was pushed out of my mind by the warmth of her greeting.

"Hello darling," her voice sang out. "How wonderful to hear from you. Where are you?"

"I'm ... in a little coffee shop," I whispered, glancing around.

The realisation that anyone at the surrounding tables could hear the conversation suddenly occurred to me. How stupid! Why hadn't I waited until I was somewhere quiet? 

"Perhaps I should come and join you? Is there a small back room there? I've always wondered whether I could stay silent enough to fuck you where other people could potentially hear."

There it was again. A few well chosen words and I was almost creaming my panties.

"You too, I suspect, Claire," she went on. "I just love the mewling sounds you make when you're in heat. Do you like making noise or is it just a natural consequence?"

All of a sudden it was difficult to breathe. I felt as if everyone in the room could hear her provocative words. Erika took my silence as affirmation.

"I'd clamp my hand firmly over your mouth to keep you quiet. Or perhaps I would just let you scream? It would be marvellous to go shopping together, don't you think? I'd make sure to touch you all day long, Claire. Just a brush, here and there, and a whisper in your ear..."

I closed my eyes in an attempt to compose myself.

"Or perhaps I'd just wipe a wet finger over your lips...." 

The sound of my low whimper seemed to scream across the room.

"You know, if you were here, now, I'd lick the sweat from your body. I'd trap you on my lap... your back to my chest... and I'd explore you. Thoroughly. Completely. I'd bite your neck and whisper lewd things in your ear. You'd like that, wouldn't you darling?"

"Erika—" I began, but stopped.

My voice was hoarse. The thought of this woman exploring my body made me dizzy with desire. We were both fully aware that I would allow her to do just about anything she wanted. I had some taboos, yes, but it wouldn't take long for her to overcome them.

"I know," she responded, reading my mind. "You don't have to say anything. Tell me, how long will it take you to reach my apartment from where you are?"

"I don't know," I breathlessly answered. "Twenty minutes, maybe?"

"Perfect. See you then," she drawled. 

A second later the line went dead.

*

Her apartment was exactly as I remembered—large and spacious. But it wasn't the room that made me shiver. It was the salacious look on her face when she opened the door to me.

"Welcome back," she told me as I hesitantly entered. "Your face looks flushed. Is that because you were hurrying to me or was it the thought of being..." she paused, with a lewd smile on her face, "thoroughly fucked again?

The way she emphasised the word thrust into me. My legs instantly turned to jelly and my pussy flooded. 

Oh God...

She sauntered across the room to draw the blinds open as I stood trembling in the middle of the floor. The open slats allowed the sunlight into the room and outlined her in her dark burgundy silk sheath dress. Her calves were bare and her feet were in impossibly tall, dark red suede Gucci open-toed pumps. 

She looked fabulous.

A soft smile crossed her face as she turned back to me. I stood nervously in the middle of the room, unsure of anything other than the heavy beat of my heart. When she beckoned me with her finger, my body trembled in anticipation as I sheepishly walked towards her. 

"They're going to watch," she said flatly.

She inclined her head ever so slightly towards the window and opened the slats wider. I had a clear view outside and so, presumably, did anyone who wanted to look at us through the window.

Heat invaded my body. 

"Who?" I breathlessly asked.

She shrugged her shoulders and curled her fingers up around the back of my neck. 

"Does it matter?" she whispered as she pulled my body against hers. 

She ran her hand down the length of my spine as her tongue trailed along my neck. I stretched my head upwards to expose more skin for those delectable lips. Being here with her again felt surreal.

"I missed you," she whispered in my ear. 

Her fingers delicately shifted my hair away so that she could kiss along my neck again. Every touch, every word, was soft and tender.

"I missed..." she murmured, changing the tempo by taking my earlobe between her teeth and biting gently, "fucking my whore."

I had to hold onto her hips to stop myself from collapsing. She'd called me that name before—in the restrooms, in the restaurant, in this very apartment. And she was right—I'd betrayed Callie once and now I was on the verge of betraying her again. 

I couldn't deny it. I was a whore ... Erika's whore.

"It's true, isn't it?" she continued, twisting the knife but raising my sexual temperature at the same time.

Her fingers toyed with the buttons of my blouse and she popped one free.

"It's what you are..." she said calmly. "It's what you hide..." 

She undid a second button.

"But not from me." 

A third button popped free.

"Or from them..." she added. She nodded back to the window. "They all know what you are..."

As she spewed out the final words, she dramatically wrenched my blouse apart. It tore open, buttons flying everywhere, and my heaving cleavage spilled over the top of the half-cup bra.

"Ooops" she said, entirely sarcastically.

She moved both hands up to my face, cupping it as she looked in my alarmed eyes. Her left ankle curled around the back of my right heel as she moulded her voluptuous body to mine. When she kissed me, her lips were so soft that I wasn't entirely sure it had happened.

"Do you know how much I adore your tits?" she asked, unfastening my bra and letting it drop away.

When she cupped my breasts in her hands, my already erect nipples hardened further. It wasn't the first time I'd been complimented that way, but hearing the words from Erika meant everything. 

Her caressing palms made me hiss with anticipation. She strummed her thumb across my right nipple and I let out a soft moan. It turned into a growl when she dipped her head and sucked it into her mouth. 

"You like that, darling?" she teased, those dark eyes finding mine as her tongue flicked around my nipple.

She held my gaze as she took it between her teeth, making me wince as she gently applied pressure. I bit down on my lower lip as she stretched it between her teeth and yet the heat between my thighs was overpowering. Eventually she allowed it to spring free and then her lips were covering mine again in a long, passionate, kiss.

"Such a sweet little slut," she whispered, when we came up for air. 

Her hand was underneath my skirt now. I involuntarily widened my legs as her fingers pushed the material of my thong to one side. She used a single finger to stroke along my labial lips, knowing that they would instantly part for her. I groaned into her mouth.

"Nice and wet," she murmured, as she probed me with the tip of her index finger. "Me too. Want to check?"

Her fingers suddenly left me and her hands found their way to my shoulders, pushing me downwards onto my knees. Then the toe of her red suede Gucci open-toed pump was on my chest, forcing me backwards onto the plush carpet, staring up at her.

With a twist of her body, she manoeuvred herself across me, drawing the hem of her dress to her waist. She was naked underneath. Each movement was slow and calculated; allowing me to savour her glistening prize. My gaze lingered on her treasure before as she squatted above me.

"I have a surprise for you later," she told me, with that lewd grin of hers. "But for now, why don't you show me what you're so good at..."

Her labial lips kissed my mouth as she lowered herself onto my face. I couldn't resist, didn't want to resist. She was giving me what I so badly needed. When her hand reached for my dark hair, gathering it between her clutching fingers and pulling me even tighter against her, I attacked her beckoning opening with my tongue. 

"Oh yes, just like that," she moaned. 
