 Alexis Anderson, or Lex as most everyone knows her, has a very interesting job. In fact, when she tells someone what she does, and she seldom tells the real truth because of this, it invariably evokes a bout of laughter and doubts. But it is true, Lex is the costume manager at Venus Productions, a little known but quite successful porn video venture located in the desert outside of Phoenix Arizona. 

Even to Lex who, at twenty-two, has been doing this job for four years, still smiles when she thinks about all the hours she puts into the costumes. Clothes that will be ripped off, stripped off, rubbed off and many other offs within the first five minutes of filming. And that doesn't include the disgusting job of cleaning everything once it is returned. She still believes that all of that mess could not possibly have been secreted from a couple of human orifices. But the job, she loves and for reasons you might never guess. 

You see, Lex is or has become over time, a submissive lesbian. This is her story as she submitted it to "Odd Jobs".

Odd Job, Lex Anderson, June 5, 2016

She graduated from West Glendale High in June of 2012. She had no job, no prospects and not the money or inclination to go on to college. The only work experience she had was helping her grandmother sew doll clothes for her home internet business which she had done since she was twelve.

In July, she came across a newspaper ad looking for "A seamstress. Full time, excellent salary. Experienced in costumes and lingerie, alteration skills a bonus." So when the man setting behind the desk asked if she had experience working with women's clothes, she had no problem saying yes, after all, most dolls were female and therefor the clothes she had made were for, well, young women.

Needless to say she was hired and after the initial shock wore off of seeing both men and women, gorgeous men and women, casually strolling or setting around completely nude. Lex quickly proved that she could alter an ill-fitting teddy or push up bra or repair ripped panties in a flash, keeping the filming on schedule. 

A month into her new job, the owner, her boss, opened the door of the small room she worked in and asked a question; one that would change her life. "Lex." He said. "Find this girl some cotton panties that makes her look like she is too young to be doing this." He smiled at her.

"Al, you know cotton is not a magic wand, right?" she replied.

Al moved to the side and a young, tall, tanned beauty step into the doorway. She was in tight hip-hugger jeans and a tight spaghetti strap black tee that provided a view of about three inches of her tummy including her navel with a gold ring attached. 

"She looks too young already." Lex said. "But I'll see what I can find.

"Good." He said. "Figure out what size she is."

"Oh, I know." Lex responded. "Then find a pair that's too small."

"Perfect." Al replied and pilled the door closed.

Lex looked at her. She was stunning. She wondered what made a girl who could do about anything she wanted. Turn to porn. She shrugged. "Well come over here.' Lex said. "You filming soon?"

"Yea." She answered. "Al wants to see me on film before he commits to a contract. I just wish." She stopped.

"What?" Lex asked.

"Doesn't matter, I shouldn't be complaining to you." She said.

"Hey. I'm the only sane one here, so who else you going to talk to?" Lex explained.

The girl laughed. "Yea, right?" 

"You might as well get out of those and let me get you sized and fitted." Lex said.

The girl casually pealed her top off to reveal small athletic breast. Beautiful Lex thought but not at all Al's taste. "This guy." The girl said. "By the way, I'm Tess." Lex nodded. "This guy Al wants me to audition with? I've worked with him before." She said.

Lex asked. "Well, that should make it easier, right?"

"Oh, fuck no." She said. "This dude is a real buzz kill, a limp dick, a....well." She smiled at Lex. "Not your problem. What's the worse to happen? I don't get the part." She unzipped her jeans and worked them down long silky legs. She pulled them free, straightened them and put them with her tee on a table. She was wearing lacy red satin thong panties. 

"Yea, right, those don't look porn worthy." Lex scoffed.

"Right?" Tess agreed. "All they want right now is the high school girl next door. I mean how many of them can there be?"

"I think that's the point." Lex said. "The rare gem."

"Yea, I guess." Tess agreed. 

Lex opened and drawer and removed a package of girls size two cotton brief panties. She pulled them open, removed a pair and turned to Tess. Here, step into these. Tess stepped forward and lifted a foot. Lex slipped the panties up her leg and then Tess stepped into them. Lex worked them up her thighs and over her hips. When they were in place, Lex unthinking, ran her hand over the girls butt, checking the fit. "These are pretty tight." Tess said. 

"Yea." Lex said. "Going to make Al real happy. And who knows, might even give the limp dick a rise as well." She patted the girl's ass. "Go give them hell."

Tess looked at the clock on the wall. "How would you like to make a quick hundred?"

Lex laughed. "Oh, honey, I'm not taking your place."

"No, no." Tess said. She ran her hand over Lex's shoulder. Her fingers trailed up her neck and along her chin. "I was thinking you might want to give me a little tune up before my audition." She smiled, her fingers still under Lex's chin. 

"You mean?" Lex started.

"I do." Tess replied. "You know, just a little bit to get me in the mood."

"Sweetie, I'm not gay." Lex said.

"And I don't like dicks." Tess said. "It's a job. That's all." She ran her finger over Lex's lips. "Come on, do a girl a favor. Hundred bucks."

"Fine." Lex finally agreed. "What do I have to do?"

Tess was peeling off the panties, looking around the cluttered room. An old antique lounger set in a corner. She pointed. "Lay down there."

Lex just stood there. "You want me to get undressed?"

"Baby, your mouth is all I need." Tess replied. "Come on, I have fifteen minutes."

Lex grinned at how cavalier the girl was for her age. Very confidant, able to get what she wanted."

Lex settled onto the lounge on her side, waiting for Tess to lay down beside her.

"Oh no baby. Lay on your back. And scoot down farther, away from the end." Tess directed.

Before Lex could get settled, Tess was on her. She straddled her, knees beside her head, Tess's bald pussy inches above her face. Tess eased herself down until her pussy touched Lex's lips. She moved her sex forward and back by just inches, rubbing over Lex's mouth.

Lex wet her lips causing her tongue to touch Tess's labia. "Yea," Tess said. "Let's earn that money" She worked her cunt down onto Lex's mouth. "Munch away, sweetie."

If Al knew this sort of triple A scene was taking place in his production company and was not being filmed, he would have had a coronary right then and there. The tall slender beauty was straddling another young beauty. That second one, having her very first lesbian experience ever but right now, performing like a seasoned pro. 

Lex, by sheer instinct, wrapped her lips around Tess's pussy and consumed it. Her tongue was assaulting Tess's clit unseen but driving Tess wild.

Tess humped at Lex's mouth. Tess had her fingers entwined in Lex's hair. Between gasps, she muttered. "Please, don't let me cum." Tess shook her head. "Oh God, I, I can't." Lex instinctively put her hands on Tess's ass and pushed her up off of her. Tess moaned out. "No. No. Stop, I mean don't stop. Why did you?" Tess blabbered. She looked down at Lex with begging eyes. 

"It's five to eleven." Lex said. "You have an audition."

Tess tried to set back onto Lex's mouth. "Please, just a little more."

"If you cum, all will be lost." Lex said. She lifted her head and planted a long gentle kiss onto a swollen clit. Tess started to shudder but Lex rolled her onto her side against the back of the soda and slid away from her, landing on the floor.

Lex stood, went to her purse and removed a tissue to wipe her face. Tess had gotten to her feet and Lex tossed her a robe. "Here, you can come get your clothes when you've finished." Tess picked up her jeans and pulled a folded hundred dollar bill from a back pocket. She turned and went to the door. As she opened it, she laid the money on a small table.

She looked back at Lex. "You could become quite the little whore." Then she stopped and walked back to where Lex stood. She wrapped her arms around her neck. She kissed her gently. "Sorry." She said. "I meant that as a compliment." Lex nodded. Tess kissed her again before pulling free. "Money well spent." She left. 

An hour later, Lex heard the door open. When she looked up, Tess was standing there, still in her robe. She had a contract in her hand. "Good deal?" Lex asked.

Tess walked over to her. "Very." She said. Tess ran her fingers through Lex's hair. Care to earn another hundred?" She asked.

"This could become very profitable." Said Lex. "Can I at least get undressed this time?"

"Sure." Tess said. "Why?"

"I guess, so I feel Like I'm part of it." Lex offered.

"Oh sweetie, you are the main part of it." Tess's robe slipped from her shoulders and onto the floor. She went over to the lounge and set down.

Lex stood and began unbuttoning her plaid shirt. When she tossed it, she unzipped her jeans and worked them over her hips and pulled them free of her feet. She came over in from of Tess and pealed her panties down. They slid down her slender legs to the floor. 'You're in my spot." She whispered.

Tess got up to make room for Lex to lie down. Once more, Tess straddled her. She lay forward until their mouths met. Tess kissed her. "So you know." She said, "The limp dick was not so limp today. Guess he likes to imagine he's fucking little girls." Tess scooted forward and lowered her drenched pussy to Lex's lips. "Here." She said. "I'll let you taste him."

With the first pass of Lex's tongue between the folds of the girl's labia, she knew there had been a new addition to Tess's sex. She could indeed tell that minutes ago, a man had been using her. She could taste what he had left behind.

Suddenly Lex had a new purpose and that was to please this needy girl, to give her what the man could not. She surrounded the sweet cunt and lapped at it. She sucked the clit as Tess bucked. She shoved her tongue deep into her used vagina, bringing forth the girl's nectar and the man's seed. The combination was addictive to Lex and she began to lap at her ferociously.

Tess humped her face and moaned into the back of her hand. She grunted and groaned as her long awaited orgasm arrived. She reached between her legs and used her fingers to spread her labia, exposing her swollen clit. "Here baby." Was all she needed to say.

Lex clamped her mouth onto it and learned what it was like to have her first girl climax on her tongue.

The bucks eventually changed to strokes to wiggles to just the steady contractions of her vaginal muscles on Lex's mouth. When Tess did lean forward and lift herself off of Lex, they were both drenched in sweat. Tess settled gently down in top of her, seeking out her lips. She kissed her softly. Then she giggled.

"What?" Lex asked. 

"I can taste his cock on your mouth." She gave her another long passionate kiss. "It tastes much better coming from you."

Lex still lay on the sofa. Tess was zipping her jeans. "Do they always cum in you?"

"They always want to." Tess said. "I let him today because I wanted to give it to you."

"How did you know I would like it?" Lex asked.

"Because I was paying." Tess pulled another hundred from her pocket. She walked over, standing over Lex. "Rather I hadn't?"

"Don't know." Lex said.

Tess set down beside her and kissed her. "Well, when you start paying me." She slid the folded bill between Lex's legs, rubbing a finger along her pussy. "You're wet?"

"What, you thought I was an emotionless bitch?" Lex said.

Tess went to the door and opened it. "I didn't mind." Lex called out.

"Good." Tess said and closed the door.

Three days later, Lex was walking down the hall at her office. She stopped at the drinking fountain. When she stood up and turned, a young blonde was standing so close, Lex couldn't help but bump into her. "Oh, I'm sorry." The girl was whispering. She was so thin that she would be considered malnourished in most doctor's offices

"Why are you whispering?" Lex asked.

The girl pulled her hand from the pocket of her shorts. She was holding a hundred dollar bill.

"Aw, fuck." Lex said and shoved the money back into the girl's pocket, quickly looked around to be sure no one had seen. "Come on." Lex said.

"Oh good, I was hoping you." The girl was stopped by Lex placing a finger against her lips.

"I'm not doing anything. I'm just trying to keep both of us from getting fired." Lex said. "Get in here."

Lex had led the girl down to her office. When the door was closed, she asked. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"But Tess said." The girl started to cry. Real tears streamed down her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I thought you could help."

"I still don't know what you're talking about?" But in reality, Lex did know. Tess had told her what the two of them had done.

"Al said I had to put more emotion into my videos or he was going to fire me." The girl said.

"Who are you?" Lex asked. Sure, she had seen that skinny little ass wiggling down the halls but she had never had a reason to talk to her. Some of the girls preferred to bring their own outfits to their performances. Sometime they just avoided costumes all together and started filming with two or three naked bodies writhing together on a bed. 

"Mattie." She sniffled.

"Well, Mattie. I don't run an acting class for porn stars." Lex explained.

"What? No." Mattie said. "Tess said you had a way. That you could help. You know." Mattie just stopped midsentence. 

"So Tess said I could help you perform better?"

"Yes." Mattie said. "And I shoot in a half hour." She began weeping again. "It's my last chance."

Lex was feeling bad for the girl but she was hating that other feeling she was getting. That she was being manipulated by these girls. But the girl sounded so sincere. Those tears were real. Finally Lex reached out and took the girl into her arms. She held her and she could feel the girl shaking.

She lifted the girl's chin, looked into her eyes and then kissed her. "Get undressed." She said.

"Oh thank." Lex put a finger up.

"Get undressed."

The girl unzipped her shorts and stepped out of them. She had on a tee which she quickly tossed aside. With her thin frame, no bra was needed. Lex had set on the edge of the sofa. "Come here." She said. The girl walked over to her. Lex slipped her fingers into the top of Mattie's panties and eased them over her hips and down her legs. "How would you like it?" She whispered.

The girl looked surprised. "I've never done this."

"Really?" Lex smiled. "Nothing but guys?" The girl shrugged. "Sit here." Lex instructed. She patted the sofa. "This industry will never cease to amaze me."

The girl set down. "Lean back." Lex said. "Pull your knees up." The girl did her best to get into the position Lex wanted.

"Nice." Lex said. "You are really quite beautiful." Lex ran her fingers over the girl's smooth mound, "You understand, this is only to get you hot, not get you off."

Mattie nodded. "Well then, enjoy." With that, Lex lowered herself until her mouth found the girl's pussy. She pushed her legs high and wide giving her ample room to explore this new beauty.

Mattie jumped when Lex's tongue slid between her legs, between her folds, flicking her exposed bud. "Ugh." She moaned. 

Lex looked up between her legs and smiled. "Well this might be fun."

"Uh huh." Mattie mumbled.

Lex's mouth returned to her sex and she spread her mouth over it, surrounding it, munched at it instinctively. She slid her tongue between Mattie's labia and worked it under her bud, lifting it, teasing it. Mattie's ass lifted. She grunted and her leg jerked back. Mattie grasped her shin and pulled her knee back against her chest. Soon her other leg followed suit. She lay there folded double. A beautiful girl pleasuring her in a totally new and different way 

"Um, um, oh yes." Mattie arched her back pressing her cunt up to Lex. She was shaking, groaning. But when she tried to take hold of Lex's hair, Lex pulled free, set up and looked at the girl.

"No, Lex, not yet." Mattie pleaded. 

Lex's fingers gently massaged Mattie's pussy. "I told you, you can't cum."

"But there's time, Lex." Mattie said.

"Yes." Lex agreed, "But not for orgasms. Not for you." Mattie started pouting. "Really? A porn star?" Lex slapped her hand over Mattie's pussy but not too hard."

"Ouch. Hey." Mattie protested.

"That's better. Get that climax silliness out of your head." Lex used her fingers to spread her labia. Her lips once again touched the girl and her tongue entered her, Lex bore the tip into her vagina. She wiggled and worked at her. Mattie was stirring once more.

Lex slowed her assault, kissing her along the inside of her thighs, lifting her slim hips and spreading kisses over her butt cheeks. The small skinny girl was balanced in the palms of Lex's hands. He knees still firmly against her chest, her feet waving in the air.

For no reason Lex could know, she slid her tongue down over the girl's cunt and continued, spreading it over her tight anus. Mattie moaned. She worked her ass up and down, rubbing over Lex's tongue.

"Yea, yea, oh I'm, I'm." Mattie was fucking now. Even when Lex leaned back, she continued to fuck at the air. Lex watched her. Her cunt glistened. She was flowing, running down the crack of her ass. The girl was set on remote. Lex grinned and the she leaned in and bit down on her swollen clit.

"Ouch, shit, fuck, please turn loose." Lex released her oral grip on the girl and Mattie's hand immediately went to massage her bud. 

Lex stood. "You're not hurt. Get up, see if you can find your panties." Mattie rolled quietly off of the sofa and gathered her panties. She straightened them and stepped in, pulling them up. 

She retrieved her shorts and then stopped. "Al said I should get a teddy, a red one." She dropped her shorts.

Lex grinned at her and Mattie shrugged. "Forgot."

Lex went to a rack of clothes and soon returned to hand her a red teddy, right size and all. 

Mattie pealed her panties and slipped it over her head, attempting to snap it between her legs. "Lex." She said. She looked up, once again with that helpless look. "Can't do it."

Lex was in a chair watching her. She waved a hand and Mattie came to her. Lex reached one hand behind her and the other in front. With the two ends of the teddy, she stretched them, brought the ends together between the girl's legs and snap, snap. "There you go baby, ready for filming."

Lex looked at her. "You still aroused enough to perform?"

The girl nodded. Lex rubbed her fingers between her legs, pressing a metal snap onto her bud. Mattie sucked in air and her head rolled back. Then Lex patted her ass. "Guess you are."

She stood and led the girl to the door. She kissed her cheek. "Go give it your best, sweetie."

Mattie giggled. "And sweetie?" Mattie looked back. "That hundred still in your shorts?" Mattie grinned and nodded.