 It was nearly time for the annual office holiday party. In her office, Jill sat facing the glowing screen as the sun began to set outside her window. She raced to send out a few final emails before 5:00 hit, as she was already behind on a couple of big reports during this busy time of year. But it was a good busy, as her recent promotion to Vice President of Marketing was well-worth the extra hours spent at her desk most nights. The sleek black Christian Louboutin heels on her feet were proof enough, a gift from herself to celebrate the promotion.

Despite the fact that her oldest son would be starting high school next year, Jill still looked stunning in her fitted black blazer and tight skirt. Her expensive blouse barely contained her ample breasts, the sheen from the pearly white material highlighting her porcelain skin. Her bright blonde hair was tied up into a tight bun, but a strand had fallen down and was waving around distractingly in front of her black-rimmed glasses. As she brushed it away, a knock on her open office door distracted her.

"You coming down to the party?" Carl, the CEO asked.

"Yeah, just going to finish sending this email."

"The email can wait," Carl laughed.

Jill sighed as she closed her laptop. "I guess you're right."

"I better see you down there soon," Carl waved as he strolled away toward the elevators.

She opened up her phone camera and did a quick check of her makeup, puckering her lips and fixing up her dull pink lipstick. Jill put on the finishing touch, grabbing her $900 Shalini perfume from her bottom desk drawer and spraying a couple of tiny spritzes onto her wrists and neck, exuding just a hint of the tantalizing scent. Closing her office door behind her, Jill's heels clicked loudly on the hardwood floor as she walked to the elevator bank.

Ding.

The elevator door opened on the top floor, and loud jazz blasted from the live band in the corner. She joined the line for the makeshift bar in the corner and chatted with the group in front of her. When Jill got to the front of the line, she ordered a chardonnay before Carl swooped her up into another conversation with some of the other VPs about whether the next client outing should be a hockey game or fancy dinner at the latest hot restaurant. The evening blurred together into an endless string of small talk and wine, and after her attention span was exhausted, Jill excused herself from Bill from Floor 14's story about his kid's science project.

She grabbed another glass of wine from the bar and quietly slipped away to a table in the corner. Her head felt a little fuzzy, and her feet throbbed in her shoes as she sat for a moment and looked down at her phone. It was later than she had realized. The large conference room turned party ballroom was already half-empty, and she had stayed at the holiday party much later than she had anticipated. Luckily, her kids were at her ex-husband's house this week, so she didn't need to worry about having a little more wine than she'd expected.

"Jill, what do you think?" a loud voice jarred her from her thoughts as she looked up. 

Phoebe, one of the young marketing associates in another group that she worked with on occasion had sat down across from her along with another girl. Jill recognized the other girl as well but couldn't remember her name. It was one of those people that she always saw walking around and in the cafeteria but rarely spoke to outside of the occasional "Hello" or "Excuse me."

"Sorry, what were you saying?" Jill smiled.

"What do you think Brittany should do?" Phoebe repeated her question loudly, her words slightly slurred. Her raven-black hair was styled up, accentuating her black lace choker. In fact, her party attire seemed to be all-black themed, as Phoebe sported a little black dress that showed enough cleavage to be enticing but not too much cleavage to be considered inappropriate for a work event.

Jill turned her gaze toward the other girl and quickly examined her. Brittany's light brown hair was curled around her shoulders, a few strands obscuring the edges of her dark glasses on either side of her face. Her olive green dress was conservative, but her pale, shapely legs suggested that the dress was hiding a gem underneath. 

"Hi Brittany, I'm not sure we've ever officially met. I'm Jill." She extended her hand, and Brittany shook it.

"Nice to meet you," Brittany replied.

Phoebe cut in. "So what do you think?"

"Sorry, what should she do about what?" Jill turned back to Phoebe. "I'm gonna to need a little more backstory here."

"Brittany's been on a few dates with this guy, but he hasn't replied to her last text for over a day now. I told her to just stop texting him and go out hard tonight, have a little fun. It's the weekend."

"Well, what did you text him?" Jill asked Brittany.

Before the girl could reply, Phoebe interrupted again. "She asked him what he was up to this weekend, and nothing."

"Hmm," Jill contemplated for a moment. "I would probably say giving it a bit of space is good advice. He'll reply when he's ready, and he's not worth it if he doesn't."

"See?" Phoebe grinned triumphantly.

Brittany nodded and put away her phone. Her cheeks were flush, though Jill wasn't sure whether that was from embarrassment or being a bit drunk, or maybe a bit of both. "Yeah, you guys are probably right. I'm just gonna not worry about it and not text him again."

"I think that's for the best," Jill smiled encouragingly.

"I bet Jill had plenty of guys on the hook back in the day," Phoebe laughed. "She knows what's up."

A bit taken aback and not sure how to reply, Jill frowned. That definitely wasn't an appropriate comment for an associate to make to a VP, but she decided to let it go.

Undeterred, Phoebe pressed on. "Where did you go to school?" she asked.

"Arizona."

"Whaaat? Me too!" Phoebe shrieked, causing a few heads to turn. "Were you in a sorority?"

"Alpha Phi," Jill replied.

"Oh my God, no way! Me too! Sisters!" Phoebe enveloped Jill into a big hug. They started talking about the sorority, and Jill told a couple of stories from her time in school.

After a few stories, Phoebe and Brittany left to grab another drink from the bar. Before Jill could catch her breath though, Jason, another VP, sat down next to her and roped her into a conversation about prepping their children for the SATs and how well his precious Sarah had done. After what seemed like an hours, Jason was still droning on. Finally, midway into his story about their school visit to Harvard, Jason's phone buzzed, and Jill took the opportunity to excuse herself.

She walked to the bathroom and sat down in the far stall, pulling down her skirt and white lace thong down to her thighs. Sighing in relief, Jill released a stream of piss into the toilet, emptying her bladder of the eight glasses of wine she'd consumed. Or was it more? She couldn't recall for sure how many glasses she'd had during the countless conversations and small talk.

Her phone said that it was 10:22, and she'd been drinking for over five hours. Feeling a good buzz, Jill decided that she'd say her goodbyes and head out after peeing. As she finished up and wiped herself off, the bathroom door opened, and she again heard Phoebe's loud voice.

"C'mon, I'm telling you, it'll work."

"I'm not sure," Brittany's voice retorted.

"Brittany, no guy in the history of the world has ever not responded to getting a snap of two girls making out."

Apparently Phoebe had done a 180 on her advice to Brittany, because this was definitely not part of the original "ignore him for now" plan. As she sat silently in the stall, Jill had to admit that there was merit to Phoebe's new plan. She recalled a particularly drunken formal back in college where she had been dared into kissing her little, and the night had ended up going even a bit further beyond that. It had been a one-time thing, but it was still one of the best nights she'd ever had.

A bright light reflected off the ceiling, and Jill shifted a little on the toilet seat to see what was going on through the crack between the stall door and wall. She stifled a gasp in her throat.

Phoebe was holding Brittany's phone, the front-facing flash illuminating their faces as the two girls kissed. Their tongues swirled together, their eyes closed, as Phoebe and Brittany recorded their little make out session for Brittany's guy. 

As their lips parted, Brittany opened her eyes and just stared blankly at Phoebe. They both examined the video as it replayed on a loop on the phone, and Phoebe exclaimed, "Ew I look terrible from that angle. Let's switch sides and redo it."

"Why?" Brittany asked. "You probably won't ever even meet him!"

"It doesn't matter. I have to represent myself well on all snaps, and you never know! What if you guys start dating officially, and he has super cute friends?"

Brittany began to protest, but Phoebe quickly walked around to her other side.

"C'mon, one more time. And this time, blow him a kiss at the end."

"O-okay," Brittany relented.

"Ready?"

Brittany nodded.

The flash turned on as they began recording again. Jill couldn't turn her gaze away from what was happening through the stall door. Her pussy leaked a bit as the sight of the two gorgeous girls kissing made a tinge of lust stir within her. Without realizing it, her hand drifted to her crotch, and she rubbed herself lightly with her middle finger as Phoebe and Brittany exchanged saliva.

When they stopped this time, Brittany turned to the phone and blew an awkward yet seductive kiss at the camera. "Perfect," Phoebe said as they both watched the replay.

"I'm still not sure..." Brittany began.

"Oops, too late." Phoebe grinned wickedly as she sent the snap.

"Phoebe!"

She handed the phone back to Brittany and shrugged. "Don't worry, you'll thank me later. By the way, you're a good kisser."

Brittany blushed and fixed up her lipstick a bit in the mirror.

"Was that your first time kissing a girl?" Phoebe asked.

"Um, yeah."

"Did you like it?" Phoebe grinned.

"Um...I don't know. It was nice, I guess."

"You never experimented or anything in college?"

Brittany shook her head.

"You know, you don't need that guy. We can have some fun without him."

Before Brittany could respond, Phoebe had leaned in again. Brittany tried to say something, but it came out as just a mumble as Phoebe's lips covered hers. She moaned as the other girl's tongue invaded her mouth, twisting and exploring. Her hands gripped the granite countertop until her knuckles turned white, and Brittany felt a wet spot forming on her panties underneath her dress.

As they kissed, Phoebe brushed a strand of her black hair away from her face. Then, she gripped the back of Brittany's neck with one hand and spread her legs with the other. She slowly slid up her dress, moved her hand up between her thighs, and began rubbing Brittany's clit through her underwear.

At the same time, Jill's finger was urgently rubbing her own clit, barely believing what she was seeing. She took out her phone and took a couple of quick photos, making sure that the flash and sound were both off. She put her phone away and planned to have some fun with herself later tonight while looking at them. A fire burned inside as Jill watched these two younger women, her eyes glued to the slit in the bathroom stall. Her legs trembled as her arousal intensified, her finger covered in her own juices as she increased the pace at which it hit against her cunt.

Phoebe detached her lips from the other girl's and began kissing her way down Brittany's neck. As she did so, she pulled Brittany's panties to one side and began sliding her middle finger into her wet snatch. Brittany gasped as she felt Phoebe's finger entering her warm hole, tilting her head back in pleasure. 

"Mmm," Brittany moaned as Phoebe began fingering her pussy.

While this was going on, Jill slid a couple of fingers inside herself as well, imagining that the young marketing associate was finger fucking her instead. Her fingers raced in and out of her moist cunt, so quickly that she had to brace herself against the stall wall with her other hand. Her leg twitched wildly as she got more turned on, and the bottom of her heel slipped across the smooth white tile floor.

The sudden friction of the plastic heel against the tile caused a loud scraping noise, and all three women froze at the sound. Unsure of what to do, Jill's mind raced, but liquid courage spurred her on, and she made a snap decision. Quickly sliding on her panties and skirt, Jill stood up, unlocked the bathroom stall, and stormed out.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Jill asked the two.

Wide-eyed with shock, Phoebe removed her finger from Brittany's cunt in an instant with a loud squelch and turned around to face Jill. Brittany's face turned a deep crimson as she hurriedly slid her dress down to cover her glistening wet crotch.

"Uh...nothing," Phoebe tried to salvage the situation.

"It didn't look like nothing," Jill thundered. 

"Sorry!" Brittany squeaked, her face still a deep shade of red from being caught in such a mortifying position.

"I want to see both of you in the 12th floor conference room. Now." Jill put on her best furious face.

The two girls turned toward the bathroom door, but Jill grabbed a fistful of Phoebe's dark hair and yanked her backwards. Phoebe gasped in pain and was forced to take a couple of steps back to avoid falling.

"What are you doing?" Jill hissed. "Wash your hands first."

Phoebe quickly put her hands under the faucet and scrubbed with some soap as the warm water covered her hands. After drying off quickly, all three exited the bathroom, and Jill marched the two younger women toward the elevators. Luckily, the party had all but cleared out, with most of the office having either gone home or gone to the bars.

The elevator ride down was deathly silent. Jill formulated her plan in her head, and Phoebe and Brittany looked down at their feet in fear of what was about to happen. The floor was empty as they walked down the hall to the corner conference room, and Jill shut the door behind them and flipped on the lights, illuminating the large conference table and about twenty chairs. They both stared at the older woman, unsure of what to do. 

Phoebe began to speak, but Jill cut her off. "Sit down," she barked at them.

Both girls sat down on their respective black leather office chairs with a plop. Jill liked how obedient they were and how quickly they were already responding to their commands.

"You realize that I could have you both fired for what just happened, right?" she began.

"Please, don't tell anyone."

"We're sorry, it won't happen again."

The two girls pleaded in unison, but Jill snapped at them. "Quiet! You do realize that this is a workplace, right?"

Phoebe and Brittany nodded silently.

Jill pulled out her phone and pulled up the photos she'd taken of them in the bathroom. "Do you know how much HR would freak out if they saw these?"

"No, please you can't!"

"Please, don't do that!"

Once again, both girls began begging her for forgiveness and to forget what she'd seen, but she ignored their cries. Instead, Jill stared intensely at them before finally saying, "I can overlook this, and HR doesn't have to find out, but you will have to do exactly what I say."

"Of course."

"Yes, we're so sorry. Thank you."

"Brittany, I want you to sit on the table." Jill directed.

Unsure of what was happening, Brittany slowly got up and sat down on the smooth dark walnut conference table. The cool wood against the bottom of her thighs made her shiver, and the heat had been turned down for the weekend, causing her nipples to harden and poke up against her thin dress.

"Good. Now Phoebe," Jill said. "I want you to take off her panties."

"Huh?"

"Do as I say. I don't want to have to repeat myself again, or HR will be getting an email first thing Monday morning."

Upon hearing this, Phoebe quickly stood and reached under Brittany's dress, giving Brittany a confused shrug as she did so. She pulled down the tan panties and slid them off, revealing Brittany's smooth, shaved snatch with the exception of a thin little landing strip of fuzzy brown hair.

Jill took them from Phoebe's hand and threw them in the corner. "Good. Now I want you to finish what you started in the bathroom and eat her."

Phoebe stared blankly back at Jill.

"What's the matter?" Jill asked. "You've eaten pussy before, haven't you?"

"Yes," Phoebe mumbled.

"Yes, what?" Jill prodded.

"Yes, Jill."

Jill slapped Phoebe. The girl recoiled and gasped in shock and pain as a red spot appeared on her cheek.

"From now on, you will both do as I say the first time I say it. And when you address me, you will address me as Ma'am or Mistress. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Ma'am," both Phoebe and Brittany quickly replied.

"Good. Now go ahead. I'm waiting." Jill gestured toward Brittany.

Phoebe approached the other girl and slid Brittany's green dress up around her thighs. Brittany's legs trembled as Phoebe parted them, and she trembled as Phoebe knelt down in front of her crotch. Still a little wet from before, Phoebe's tongue flicked out and tasted the clear liquid oozing out of Brittany's slit. Phoebe's tongue worked its way into Brittany's cunt, lapping up her juices and attacking her clit.

"Ohhh," Brittany moaned as the dark-haired girl in front of her began licking and sucking at her pussy.

Phoebe continued flicking her tongue over Brittany's engorged clit, poking at the sensitive little nub. Brittany shook, her legs spread wide open, as the other girl ate her luscious pussy. As she watched her two little sluts, Jill reached a hand under her skirt and rubbed her own pussy over her panties.

"Unghh," Brittany grunted, her hands now gripping Phoebe's head in pleasure. Many of her ex-boyfriends had gone down on her, some even quite well, but none of them had eaten her out as well as Phoebe was now. The other girl's tongue was hitting all of her most sensitive spots, sending electric tingles running through her clit. Brittany quivered as she was nearing an orgasm.

Jill noticed this and decided that was no fun. "Alright, that's enough," she told Phoebe. Phoebe pulled her head out of Brittany's crotch and stood as Brittany sighed in frustration.

"Please, let me finish," she implored.

"What did I say about addressing me?"

"Please Mistress, let me finish." Brittany corrected herself.

"We'll see. I'll make you a deal. If you can make me cum, I'll let you cum. Fair?"

"Uh...um...but I've never..."

"Never eaten pussy before?"

Brittany nodded meekly, her cheeks flushing.

"Well you better learn quickly if you want to cum. But first take off your clothes."

Brittany stood and stepped out of her heels but then hesitated. Jill rolled her eyes. The girl had just asked her for another girl to continue eating her out but was now embarrassed to undress? Losing her patience, she addressed the other one. "Phoebe, why don't you help her?"

Phoebe walked over behind Brittany and unzipped her dress. Brittany let her shoulders slide out, and the dress fell to the ground in a heap, leaving her in just her tan bra. Phoebe wasted no time though, and with a quick motion, she undid Brittany's bra and revealed her pert, pale tits and little pink nipples.

Jill admired the girl's shapely form for a moment, taking in her beautiful features. Her pale skin and light green eyes made Jill even wetter. "Well? I'm waiting," she said. "Hurry up and get over here."

Brittany slowly approached. Her trembling fingers began unbuttoning Jill's blouse one at a time, revealing Jill's white lace bra underneath. After undoing the last button, Brittany untucked the shirt from Jill's skirt and removed it. Finally, she reached around and undid Jill's bra, freeing Jill's enormous breasts.
