 We work together.

We have interoffice messenger that we use internally to communicate to each other about work related issues. We work on opposite ends of the building. There has been some noticeable electricity between us, bumping into each other entering or exiting the ladies room, one catching the other staring at a silk stocking covered leg at a staff meeting, a discreet innuendo in passing, or just the smell of your perfume. I am tall and brunette, curvy with 36c breasts and long strong legs. You are a brunette also, your hair is cut in a short, sexy, flirty style. You have smaller breasts and a petite build.

One afternoon I head to the ladies room. When I enter, I see you hastily dabbing a paper towel against your white blouse, you've gotten water all over it. You look pretty upset, apparently because you don't want to leave the ladies room and show your nipples off to the entire world since they are showing right through the thin wet fabric. 

I approach you and stand at the next sink, I look over towards you, "Boy that's a bummer. Can I help? Do you have a spare blouse I can get for you?"

You frown at me, "No I don't, but it will be ok this thin material will dry quickly." 

While I walk into a stall and close the door behind me, you thank me for being so kind and tell me you'd like to get to know me better because you sense we have some things in common. I smile behind the door, finish my business, button up, and exit to wash my hands. 

Your blouse is nearly dry, when you excuse yourself and leave the ladies room, you purposely walk close behind me and rub your breasts across my back, "Oh, excuse me, I lost my balance there for a moment."

My face is as red and hot as a chili pepper. I feel that rush of tingly sexual energy surge through my body. I smile and tell you, "No problem." Of course it isn't a problem, I loved it!

Business continues as usual without a word spoken about the bathroom incident, though I've spent many a night touching myself thinking about those soft breasts as you 'accidentally' pressed them against my back.

A short few weeks later it's late on a Friday afternoon before a holiday weekend. The office is a ghost town, a few die hards working here and there. It's about 2:30 in the afternoon. In an effort to refresh myself for the rest of the afternoon, and banish the sleepiness, I walk to the ladies room to splash some cold water on my face, and imagine who I see? You're leaning against the sink, arms folded across your chest. 

"What's up?" I ask.

"The man in the cube next to me is fighting with his wife, and I really just needed a break, so I'm taking an extra-long pee break." You explain to me.

We begin to chit chat about the crazy week, and holiday plans. I can't help but notice that you're wearing that same sheer white blouse again, which makes me ache to touch your nipples. You also have on a short black skirt and black heels, you look SO hot and sexy I can hardly stand it. Something unexplainable comes over me. I take a few steps backward and lock the ladies room door. I walk towards you. You know what I want and you want it too. You are smiling at me in an evil HOT way. I press your shoulder blades against the wall and kiss your mouth deeply, with my tongue roaming all over your mouth and nibbling at your bottom lip, sucking on it, pulling it towards me. You lipstick is sweet to the taste.

As we kiss I loosen the buttons on your blouse. I lean towards you and bite one nipple, HARD, and then the next one, hard again. You suck in your breath and lift your leg up, rubbing it along mine, curling it around me like you're going to climb a tree. We both want more, but I pull away from you, kiss your sweet mouth again, and as I'm unlocking the bathroom door to leave, I tell you to meet me back in the bathroom at 5pm after everyone has gone home. I leave you speechless and looking a little bit shaky

I want to give you some time to think about how it felt, and what you want, and quite frankly, I need some time to steel my nerves enough to make love to you properly.

The clock moves so slowly as I wrap up my day. I check my email, send a text home to my husband that I'm running late, clean up my desk trying not to think about what's about to happen, but I know for sure that my pussy is buzzing and wet.

I hear the last worker shout "Have a great holiday!" and the lights all go out but mine...I head to the ladies room. You couldn't even wait until 5, you're already there. You have that same smile of knowing lust on your face. Your blouse mostly unbuttoned. I lock the door again. It's on. 

"Are you as wet as me?" I ask. 

You respond with breathless words, "Why don't you tell me?"

I take your hand, and lead you to the small locker room off the end of the bathroom area. There is a bench there, built into the wall on one end, a shower on the other.

It's then that you begin to strip for me, swaying your lovely hips to imaginary music, running your hands over your breasts, still covered by your camisole and your blouse, though partially unbuttoned. Your nipples would have popped out at that point but they've probably been rock hard since 2:30. When you unzip and wriggle out of your skirt, I see modest black lacy bikinis with your cute cheeks peeking out. Your blouse drops, your creamy tanned shoulders gleaming in the fluorescent lights. You reach for my hand, for balance, and step up onto the bench, toes pointed at the wall. 

You bend over just enough that your puffy pussy lips jut out from between your legs. "For the love of god, please just touch me, kiss me, lick me, slap me, something, just do it quick!" you gasp.

I don't want to disappoint such a sweet girl. I move forward placing my hands on your hips. I spend a few moments lavishing some attention on your butt, slapping, stroking, kissing, licking, you are moaning and whimpering, breathing heavier by the minute. I reach up, and grab your breasts, gently pulling on them, forcing you to lean over further, 

"That's a good girl" I whisper, "give me better access to that sweet split peach that I'm about to devour."

When I begin, I gently run my tongue over your lips, so gently you could barely feel it, yet you can feel it VERY intensely (I know you know that feeling) The next stroke is deeper, I push my tongue deeper, tasting your juices, you begin to grind your hips a little bit, wanting more I'm sure. I kneel on the bench between your feet, holding your legs I tip my head back, and tickle your clit with the tip of my tongue.

The one tickle to your clit had you bucking against my face, you smell and taste so good, I stand again, and continue to deliver soft slow gentle laps to the length of your pretty peachy pussy making sure to pay attention to your cheeks, perineum and anus making you shriek. I slide two fingers deep inside of you. There is resistance because you are so dripping wet. I start to fuck you slowly but firmly, I feel your muscles begin to tighten around my fingers, your breathing quickens. I reach my free hand around again to squeeze your breast, your hand closes over mine, and you squeeze hard, 

"I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming" is all that I can hear from you. Your cheek is pressed against the cool wall. Your legs are quivering when as your orgasm subsides. I help you down, and you collapse against me, glistening with dewy sweat, panting and smiling.

I'm still completely dressed, I just want to work on you over and over again all night, but I lower both of us to sit on the bench for a few minutes to gather ourselves. We kiss sweetly and softly, you tell me how much you like the taste of yourself on my mouth. I have to agree the taste was intoxicating. We continue to kiss and I touch your breasts while the final shudders of post orgasm ripple through you.

Till next time...