 Only one office had lights still on at this hour. The rest of the company had long since gone home on a Friday, but for the young employee the hours drove by with agonizing frustration. Alexa at the age of 18, just graduated from high school and found her first job. She had only been with the company for three months over the summer and would soon start night school to begin her college education along with a full time job. She desperately strived to impress her new boss, Sylvia, but tonight she was struggling with several cost formulas on the computer. It was quarter-end and the deadline to complete the department's final numbers was tonight.

Alexa had not only been finding herself with a new career but had also been fantasizing with bisexuality. She dated several guys in high school and even engaged in sex, although through her experience, she concluded guys her age were quick, rough, and apathetic towards her sexual needs. She often fantasized how the soft touch of another woman could fulfill her sexual desires. And lately she thought of her new boss, Sylvia.

The executive at 33 years of age was young by company standards. Sylvia was a determined woman, often working long hours and was dedicated to a healthy lifestyle through exercise. With constant exercise Sylvia toned her slender athletic body, fighting family genetics all the way. Strong work ethics and a drive for a healthy body, Sylvia had little time to devote to outside relationships. Office rumors flew that she was a lesbian. However, it could be argued that a lesbian relationship takes more work than a straight relationship; Sylvia acted oblivious of the hearsay and continued her dedicated routine.

It was also the rumors that initially sparked Alexa's curiosity towards another woman. Alexa naturally was drawn to her boss's sincere willingness to mentor her and she looked up to her boss's career success. Alexa's mind often roamed to Sylvia's slender body, petite breasts and warm smile and pictured their first lesbian experience at the office. She imagined both of them working late at night and suddenly embracing into a passionate kiss and then being seduced by the older woman. Tonight would have been perfect, except that Alexa didn't really know if her boss was a lesbian and the fact that a deadline loomed and the stress to complete the spreadsheets stifled her fantasy. "Ugh," she cried.

"What's the matter, dear?" Sylvia asked.

"These formulas just aren't coming out right."

The two were alone in Sylvia's office. Alexa was busy working on the computer and Sylvia poured over numbers from piles of paper. Sylvia looked up at Alexa sitting in front of her behind the desk. Her eyes were glued to the monitor and the opportunity presented itself to scan the body of the young graduate. Alexa only 18 years of age showed the fine qualities of youth. Her body was well tanned, her skin was firm and soft, and her long dark hair flowed over her shoulders. Sylvia stared at her breasts which were slightly larger than her own. Alexa usually wore a push-up bra which only emphasized her shapely breasts. Her young employee was immediately a hit with the guys at the office and she often took note of the whispers, nods and winks from the male clientele as Alexa walked by or out of the room. It was amazing how much guys lusted after her. She also was tantalized by Alexa's beautiful, curvy body.

Syliva stood up and walked around the desk behind Alexa to take a look at the computer screen. She leaned forward and immediately, a strong passionate desire over came her. She looked down towards Alexa's cleavage and stared at the soft exposed mounds. The pleasant smell of Alexa's hair rushed through her body and her body responded in a tingling sensation. Sylvia's hands began to shake in sexual excitement but she had to contain herself. She placed her hands on Alexa's shoulders.

Sylvia's hands shocked Alexa. They were warm and comforting but unexpected and it was Alexa's turn to feel an unanticipated sensual stimulation. She felt her boss's hands on her shoulders then felt warm breaths through her hair. She desperately wanted to feel Sylvia's breath on her neck but dared not move. 

"OK, the top numbers seem to be working," Sylvia pointed out.

"But....," Alexa tried to interrupt.

"It's the bottom half the needs some work. You need to try and relax. Take a break and come back to them," Sylvia instructed.

"OK"

"Close your eyes and relax for a second," said Sylvia.

Alexa's body shifted in her chair and Sylvia noticed how much control she seemed to have over her employee. Sylvia again stared down at her employee's youthful breasts and unconsciously raised her fingers against Alexa's neck and lightly stroked it with her fingernails, one on each side.

"Relax," Sylvia whispered.

Alexa felt a flood of emotion and her mind raced with a mixture of thoughts. She was so sexually charged but didn't know how to react to her boss's tones. She was confused on how to read Sylvia's touches. Were they innocent? What was going on? Alexa felt a tingle run from the soft strokes of Sylvia's fingers from her neck, down her breasts, through her nipples and straight to her pussy. Her lesbian fantasies quickly came to her mind. The fantasies she's had about her boss as she masturbated alone in her apartment late at night. She tried to relax and fought the temptation to reach under her skirt and touch herself. Alexa concentrated on just relaxing, but the sexual sensations were growing stronger. She wanted to take Sylvia's hands from her shoulders and place them on her breasts, she wanted to turn around and passionately kiss her boss, she wanted to take off her clothes, she wanted her boss to touch her all over, but instead she tried not to show her heightened sexual state.

Sylvia took a deep breath as she realized her fingers were caressing Alexa's neck. Syliva knew she had to stop this. She had to keep things professional and besides, Alexa never showed any signs of desiring another woman. It was then that Sylvia noticed Alexa's nipples harden through her blouse and then her chest began to slowly heave up and down. Sylvia listened as Alexa's breathing quickened and was noticeably shortened. Her inner self was contemplating what was happening. She wasn't sure if she was manipulating her young employee.

"Are you relaxed, Alexa?" she questioned.

"Oh, yes....I mean yes," Alexa responded as she realized her response was tainted with sexual excitement.

It was evident now to Sylvia that Alexa was turned on. And she could feel her own wetness between her legs. She struggled to keep control as she desired to touch Alexa's body. Something had to give before Sylvia collapsed to the floor with anticipation.

"OK Alexa. Now I want you to take your workout that you missed today at lunch, shower, and come back up so we can finish this spreadsheet," Sylvia said to break up the tension.

Alexa's mind was swimming and her eyes shot open. She quickly agreed and grabbed her workout bag and headed downstairs to the company gym. She sat blankly in the deserted gym and thought over what just happened. Her eyes weld up and she decided not to workout but take the shower to appease her boss's instruction. She couldn't believe just how close she came to having her first lesbian experience and how disappointed she was that Sylvia rejected her. She wanted to show Sylvia just how much she was turned on by her. Alexa walked to the shower, undressed and stepped into the warm water. The water felt good tracing her body, but she was careful not to get her hair wet. She desperately wanted Sylvia to know how she felt and decided to react with stronger suggestions. As she washed her body she contemplated if Sylvia would ever touch her like that again and if her boss had any of the same feelings about her.

As soon as Sylvia heard the main entrance door's electronic lock latch she sat down in her chair and studied the computer. She tried to take her mind off what just happened. It wasn't long before she found several errors in the formulas and corrected the spreadsheet. It wasn't long enough to distract her from the encounter that just concluded and the fact that her pussy was sobbing wet. She leaned back into her chair and smelled Alexa's scent still fresh on the leather. Her mind pictured Alexa's breasts as she touched her neck. The thoughts were too much. She stood up and pulled down her panties from under her skirt, then removed her bra but kept on her shirt. She slid her hand under her skirt to her pussy and gently eased a finger into her slit. She moved her finger out and moved upward onto her clit. Her other hand squeezed her breasts, kneading them and pulling them. Her eyes closed and she circled her finger over her clit once more. Her mind transcended to Alexa's innocence and her incredibly beautiful body. She started to pinch her swollen clit with two fingers as she squirmed on the chair. Sylvia's hips grinded into her hand as she plunged two fingers inside her pussy. She was ready to orgasm with pent up emotion. Moans escaped from her lips and she was lost that she was in her office. Her body felt the climax coming and it would only be a second or two more before she would cum. Then as if to torture her body as she finally gave way in her mind, she heard the main door open. Sylvia gulped and almost cried as she quickly withdrew her hand and straightened up in the chair. Her body shook and screamed for her to climax but it was too late. Alexa came bouncing into Sylvia's office. "Sorry I took so long," she said.

"Ahhh, no problem dear. I think I solved the problem," Sylvia searched for words.

"Let me see," Alexa demanded.

Alexa came towards her boss and Sylvia got up. Alexa gazed into Sylvia's eyes and eased down into Sylvia's chair. This time it was Alexa who smelled Sylvia's scent deep into the air. She also placed her foot on something soft. It was Sylvia's panties and it was now that Alexa knew that her boss had those same feelings.

Sylvia again moved behind Alexa and placed her hands on her shoulders. And this time when Sylvia leaned forward to catch another glimpse of Alexa's well rounded breasts she noticed that Alexa had pulled back her hair and that she had removed her bra. "See I corrected the formula there," said Sylvia.

"Yes, I see," replied Alexa, "I think you're right about taking a break. I'm still super stressed. Could you relax me again?"

A tiny smile emerged on Sylvia's face. Again she began stroking her fingers over Alexa's neck. Alexa shrunk back on the chair. Sylvia whispered into her ear to relax once more and this time Alexa could feel the warm heat from the older woman's breath on her bare neck. She closed her eyes and felt the fingers tingling down her spine. Sylvia slowly began to massage Alexa's shoulders, up her neck and over her jaw line. She responded by leaning her head back. Sylvia ran her fingers down her neck and onto her chest. Alexa's nipples were already hard and she inched her round petite butt forward raising her breasts upward. Sylvia lightly touched Alexa's neck and down her chest once again, this time slowly touching further down. Alexa uncontrollably started breathing heavier and let out a small moan.

Sylvia looked down at Alexa's face that was arched back then ran her fingers over her breasts. Alexa's mouth opened without a sound. She then glided a finger over her harden nipples and Alexa let out an audible groan. She lowered her head and their mouths met. It was the first time Alexa felt another woman's mouth locked on hers. Their tongues sensually played with each other in a passionate kiss. Alexa's eyes never opened as Sylvia began to massage her breasts. Sylvia then slipped her hands under Alexa's shirt and felt her bare breasts. She gently pulled her nipples as the two continued to kiss. Alexa trembled in anticipation of her first sexual experience with another woman.

Sylvia climbed over the chair and onto her knees in front her Alexa's young body. She touched her thighs and moved her hands upward and inward. She kissed them and pulled Alexa's thighs apart to discover she too was not wearing panties. The sight sent a tidal wave of sensation to her own pussy.

"Scoot forward Alexa and take off your shirt," Sylvia demanded.

"Yes Sylvia," Alexa stammered over the words, "This is my first time with another woman."

"I know," Sylvia responded.

She watched as Alexa removed her shirt and two ample breasts bounced ever so slightly. They were round and firm and her nipples lifted with a slight perk. Sylvia wanted to put them in her mouth but couldn't resist the urge to sample Alexa's sweet pussy. Sylvia placed her head into Alexa's trimmed pussy and slowly licked her labia and into her slit. Alexa arched her back and started to convulse. Sylvia continued to lick her pussy and then subtly sucked in Alexa's small clit. She licked around and up and down.

"Oh yes, oh this is so wonderful," Alexa let out.

Sylvia placed a finger into her pussy and she continued to lick her clit. Alexa started to buck wildly but Sylvia wanted to savor the moment a little longer. She wanted Alexa to feel what it was like to be with another woman. She slowed the tempo to try and bring Alexa back down for just a few more moments. It worked as Alexa slouched in the chair grabbing her own breasts. The visual from Sylvia's view as Alexa squeezed her own tits was incredible. She shot one of her hands back to her own pussy and rubbed herself. She then gingerly let one of her fingers from the hand in Alexa's pussy slip downward to her rose bud, testing her reaction. To her surprise Alexa let out a loud moan. This sent Sylvia into an orgasm of her own and she temporarily lifted her head from Alexa. Alexa looked down between her legs and witnessed the pleasure of Sylvia's face as she moaned in ecstasy. Sylvia quickly recovered and lightly rubbed Alexa's lubricated asshole. Alexa again let out a cry of pleasure.

Sylvia stopped suddenly and stood up. In Alexa's inexperience, she cried out, "Oh please Sylvia don't stop, oh please, I'll do anything." Sylvia smiled and told Alexa to stand up also. As Alexa got up she told her to bend over the desk. Alexa was perplexed as Sylvia positioned Alexa with her defined stomach and perky breasts flat onto the desk. Sylvia then sat in the chair and was looking directly at Alexa's cute, round ass. She told Alexa to spread her legs a bit further. Alexa's head was over the desk and she grasped the edges of the desk with her hands. It was then she felt the most vulnerable sensation, yet the most erotic.

Sylvia bent down and spread Alexa's cheeks apart and began to lick her anus. Her tongue lapped up and down her split and over the forbidden opening. At first Sylvia could sense Alexa's uneasiness but as she continued to lick her, she felt her begin to relax even further and then start to shake as the excitement grew. Alexa couldn't believe what she was doing. The first experiences with another woman were beyond what she could have fantasized about. She began to push her butt into Sylvia's face. Sylvia sensed her climax and inserted a finger into her pussy as she licked her asshole. She followed up with another finger perched on her clit rubbing and pumping her pussy.

"Oh yes, oh yes, I'm going to cum so hard," Alexa cried out.

She stopped her body for the final moment to feel Sylvia's fingers and tongue continue to pump into her. "Aghhhh, oh yes, Ahhhh."

She erupted into an incredible orgasm sending ripples of pleasure throughout her body. She shuddered on the desk and her legs nearly gave way. Sylvia timely raised her head and cupped her pussy from behind. She pulled Alexa back onto her chair.

"Oh I've never climaxed that hard before."

As Alexa sat on Sylvia's lap as her hand was still cupping Alexa's pussy. She slowly pushed and grinded into her sending Alexa into another orgasm. Alexa settled down as Sylvia turned her hand and began to rub herself into a final orgasm for herself, but it was Alexa who reached down to touch Sylvia's pussy. Alexa felt unsure of what to do but her fingers touched Sylvia's pussy and responded to her moans. It wasn't long before Sylvia reached an orgasm.

Alexa's mind was spinning and she wanted to cuddle in Sylvia's arms the rest of the night. It was her first time with another woman and she felt the moment was fantastic. She didn't know what to say or do. She wanted more but feared that Sylvia would reject her after tonight. The two lingered for a moment as Sylvia broke the silence.

"I'll see you Monday morning, Alexa. And don't plan anything after work, we will probably need to work on some more spreadsheets."