 Caitlin lay in bed unable to sleep. She kept thinking about the way Freya had looked at her as she left earlier that day. It's nothing. She kept telling herself. You just imagined it. 

But her mind kept wondering back to the way Freya had stepped forward just before leaving her house. She looked like she had wanted to say something, but instead just stared into Caitlin's eyes. Then she had turned around and left. Glancing back once more before she vanished around the corner. 

It looked like she was going to kiss me before thinking better of it. Caitlin thought. But why now? They had been friends for years. True, it had been a while since they last met. Freya had gone to university, while Caitlin had found work close to home. 

Freya had recently dropped out and found a job. Today had been the first time they met since she started. 

She never showed any signs she was interested in me before now, had she? Caitlin thought. They had always been close, sure, but as best friends. 

But as Caitlin lay in bed, thinking, she began to remember all the times Freya had held her hand, or hugged her a little longer than anyone else. Was Freya interested in being more than just friends? 

The more Caitlin thought about it, the clearer it became. How can I have been so blind? She thought. It was obvious now she thought about it. There were often moments where Freya looked torn about whether to say something or not. It made sense now. 

Freya was obviously afraid that if she said something, it could ruin their friendship. How long had she had feelings for me? Caitlin wondered. 

Her sleep was restless that night. She couldn't stop thinking about Freya. She must feel so torn all the time. I have to make it up to her. But do I have feelings for her? Caitlin asked herself. 

Freya was very pretty. There was no doubt about that. Her tall slender figure, with long luxurious auburn hair and a smile to die for. She was funny, kind and the best friend Caitlin had ever had. But am I attracted to her? Caitlin imagines holding her, kissing those sweet lips of hers. It made her feel warm and tingly inside. These thoughts hadn't even crossed her mind before, but now she was curious. 

Caitlin got up and put some clothes on. Then she grabbed her phone and dialled Freya's number. 

"Hey, Cait! How are you today? Yesterday was fun. It was nice catching up with you, it's been a while." Said Freya. 

"Are you free today?" Caitlin asked. 

"Sort of. Why, what can I do for you?" 

"Do you want to go out with me? On a walk I mean." Caitlin adds quickly. "Into town or the woods, whatever you want."

"I'd love to! When was you thinking?" 

"Umm, soon? I'm ready when you are."

"Okay." Freya paused for a moment. "I'll be over as soon as I can."

"Are you sure you aren't busy?"

"Nothing that can't wait. I'll be round in half hour. See you then!" 

Caitlin went down to breakfast with a smile. 

"You look happy this morning." Says Caitlin's mum. "You meeting Freya today?" 

"Yes, how did you guess?" 

"You've got that look in your eyes."

"What look?" Caitlin asked

"The one you always have before you meet Freya." Her mum gives her a knowing smile. "I've seen the way she looks at you."

So even her mum had noticed. Why had it taken Caitlin so long to realise? 

After eating breakfast, Caitlin paced back and forth in the living room, waiting for Freya to arrive. What was she going to say? Was she even right about Freya? 

I'll keep a look out for any signs that she's interested in me, and see where it goes. She thought. 

When Freya arrived, Caitlin threw open the door and pulled her into a firm embrace. 

Freya seemed a bit taken aback with Caitlin's enthusiasm, but she returned the hug, squeezing Caitlin tight. 

"Come on, let's go." Said Caitlin, taking Freya by the hand. Freya gave a questioning stare, obviously noticing Cait's eagerness. 

"Where are we going?" She asked. 

"Anywhere you want." Caitlin replied. "Shops or the woods?" 

"Woods. It's too much of a nice day to miss out."

"Let's get some snacks on the way there. We could have a picnic." Caitlin suggested. 

"That sounds fun. Umm, Cait, is there something you want to tell me? You seem... I don't know, excited about something."

"I guess I'm just glad to have you back." 

"So am I." Freya squeezed Caitlin's hand and walked closely beside her. 

After visiting the local shop, they head towards the woods together. Caitlin put an arm around Freya's shoulders, watching for a reaction. Freya wasn't sure how to react at first. Caitlin had never been this bold before. After a moment, though, she put her own arm around Caitlin's waist. 

They talked about everything that had happened since Freya went to university. In the end, she didn't think it was worth it, and dropped out. She missed home too much and didn't really get on with her roommates. 

"They were nice." Freya had said. "But I never really felt like I fit in. I missed having a friend like you."

"I missed you too. I didn't realise how much your friendship meant to me until you were gone." 

Freya stopped and gave Caitlin a long hug. 

"We're back together now. Just like old times." 

They found themselves walking off the main trail, and before long were completely lost. 

"Have we been here already?" Freya asked, looking around. 

"I don't think so." Caitlin replied. 

"I thought I recognised that tree. That bent one over there." Freya pointed to a bent twisted tree off to the side of the path. 

"It does look familiar now you mention it. I think we go this way." Caitlin chose a small path and headed up it. 

"Are you sure this is the right way?" Freya asked after a while. 

"I don't know. It must come out somewhere." Caitlin replied. Just then came a low rumble of thunder in the distance. 

Freya stepped closer to Caitlin, brushing against her. "I think we should go back." She said, a little nervously. 

Freya wasn't usually scared of thunder. Caitlin thought. Was she acting scared so I would comfort her? 

Caitlin put an arm around her and drew her close. "Let's keep going and see where we end up." 

"It's going to rain." Said Freya, looking up at a dark cloud. 

"Well there's no shelter back the way we came. Hopefully this path will take us back to the main track." 

As they continued up the path, the sky got darker and the first few drops of rain started to fall. 

"We're going to get soaked." Said Freya. 

"What's that up there? Looks like some sort of old building. We could shelter in there." Caitlin said, pointing. 

By the time they got there, the rain was pouring down, soaking them through. The building used to be a log cabin, but was now in a state of ruin. Most of the roof still held, but rain leaked though the many holes. 

"It's better than nothing." Said Caitlin. They stood together, watching the rain pelt down outside. 

"This is a nice little adventure, isn't it?" Caitlin said after a moment of silence. 

Freya opened her mouth to reply, when a crack of thunder cut her off. She walked into Caitlin's arms, seeking comfort. 

Caitlin hugged her, then drew back slightly to look her in the eye. Freya met her gaze, uncertainty in her eyes. Caitlin leaned in, just a little. Freya hesitated before moving a little closer, her lips almost touching Caitlin's. 

She's waiting to see what I will do. Caitlin thought. I was right! Not wanting to waste the moment, Caitlin quickly kissed Freya on the lips. It seem to catch her off guard. She took a step back, staring at Cait with longing in her eyes. 

Caitlin went in for another kiss. Freya took another step back. "Cait..." she started. Then she couldn't hold herself back anymore, and flew at Caitlin, kissing her hard. 

Caitlin returned the kiss passionately. It felt so natural, as if they had done this a thousand times before. 

Freya eventually pulled away, looking deeply into Caitlin's eyes. 

"Do you have any idea how long I've been waiting for this?" She asked in a soft voice. 

"I'm sorry, I never realised." Caitlin replied. 

"I've always had eyes for you. I've turned down so many boys. And girls. I could've had any one of them, but I wanted you." Freya had tears in her eyes now. "So many times I almost told you how I felt. But I couldn't do it. What if you had rejected me? Then I would've been left with nothing."

"You should've said something. I would never have turned you down." 

"How could you not have noticed? Wasn't it obvious I loved you?" Freya had started to sob. The tears mixing with the rain pouring down her face. 

"When you went out with that boy, it broke my heart. I cried almost every night."

"I didn't know. I'm so sorry." Caitlin felt like crying now. How could she have been so stupid?

"Why do you think I cried when you kissed him that time? I thought you didn't care."

"I thought it was because of something else. I would've comforted you, but you ran away. I was so dumb and selfish." 

"You hurt me so much. I almost gave up at that point. But after you got out of that relationship, we started to get close again. But still you couldn't see or care about how I felt about you. In the end I accepted that I would never have you as anything more than a friend. I always loved you though." 

"If only I had known... I'll make it up to you, I promise." Caitlin took Freya's hands in her own. 

"But do you really love me? You aren't just saying that to make me feel better?"

"I didn't realise it before now. I think I've always felt it deep down though. Come here." Caitlin grabbed Freya and pulled her in tightly. 

Freya sobbed into Caitlin's shoulder. 

"Why are you crying? It's okay, I'm yours now." Caitlin comforted. 

"It's just... I've been dreaming of this day for so long. But I never thought it would happen."

"Oh Freya, it's my fault. I should've been more observant. It's so obvious now. I don't know why it's taken me so long to finally see how much you love me."

"Kiss me again. I've almost kissed you so many times in the past, but never had the courage." Said Freya. 

"You can kiss me whenever you like now. I just wish you'd done it before."

Freya pushes Caitlin towards the wall of the shack and leans in. "The stuff I've fantasised about doing to you..." She begins. 

"Do whatever you like. I owe it to you after all this time." Caitlin replied, growing excited at the thought of Freya taking control. 

Freya pressed her mouth roughly to Caitlin's lips and snogged her hard, holding her against the wall so she couldn't escape, even if she had wanted to. 

Caitlin let Freya have her way with her. She could only imagine what it must feel like to have wanted someone for so long and to finally have her. 

Caitlin found herself sliding down the wall. Before long, Freya was lying on top of her. 

"I've wanted you so much!" Freya cried. Looking down at Caitlin. Her eyes filled with lust. 

"I know. It's okay. Do what you want with me. Don't hold back. Let it all out." Said Caitlin. And that's exactly what Freya did. 

She continued kissing her roughly for a while before putting a hand into Caitlin's jeans. 

"Are you sure this is okay?" Freya asked hesitantly. 

"I'm sure." Caitlin wanted this herself now. Maybe I really have loved Freya all this time. She thought. 

Freya fingered her a little harder than Caitlin was expecting. She let out a gasp that was soon silenced by Freya's mouth. 

The next thing she knew, Freya was pulling off her jeans. 

"Wait, are you sure we should do this here? What if someone comes?" Caitlin asked. 

"No one will come. What's the matter, don't you want me?"

"Of course I want you!" Caitlin felt uncomfortable at being naked in a public place, but Freya was right, there was no one around in this weather. 

Freya stared at her for a while. "I always wondered what you looked like naked." She said, taking off Caitlin's shirt. "You're more beautiful than I could ever have imagined."

"You really think so?" Caitlin asked hesitantly. 

"I know so. You're perfect in every way. I'm wet just looking at you." Freya crept closer and whispered in Caitlin's ear. "I'm going to make you cum." She said before slipping a finger back inside of her. 

Caitlin let out a little moan. She felt exposed out here, her instincts making her want to cover herself. But Freya was making her feel so good. 

She grabbed Freya's arms tightly. "Harder! Hurry up!" She desperately wanted release. 

Freya pressed her thumb against Caitlin's clit, and massaged it roughly. Then she took her other hand and plunged it deep inside her, using both hands to stimulate all Caitlin's most sensitive parts. 

Caitlin closed her eyes. She barely noticed the cold damp ground now, Freya knew exactly what she was doing and it felt amazing. It was only moments before she reached a powerful climax. Caitlin dug her nails into Freya's back and held onto her tightly as her orgasm subsided. 

"Oh, sorry, did I hurt you?" Said Caitlin, quickly letting go after realising how hard she had dug her nails in. 

"Don't worry about it. It was so hot. You should've seen your face. Want to go again?"

Caitlin hesitated. She did want Freya to take her again, but she was getting cold and started to worry about being discovered. 

"I'd love too, but not now. Can we go back to your place?" 

"My parents are home. They wouldn't take it too well if they caught me in bed with you. Not that it would stop me though." Said Freya. 

"Let's go back to my house then. My mum's home, but we'll be quiet. And besides, I think she knows something's going on between us." 

"Then she'll guess what we're up to. Won't that make it a bit awkward? Let's just stay here. There's nobody to disturb us."

"But I'm cold." Caitlin shivered. 

"You can put your clothes back on if you want."

"They're all wet."

Freya was about to reply when a clap of thunder cut her off. "You're right. Let's head back before the storm gets any worse."

"I'm sorry." Said Caitlin as they started walking back. "I never returned the favour. You must be desperate for a release."

"It's okay. I've waited this long, I can wait a bit longer." Said Freya. 

"We'll do it in my room as soon as we get back." Caitlin promised. 

"But your mum..."

"She won't know. Just don't cry out or anything."

"I'll try not to. She'll hear the creaking though." Said Freya. 

"Can't I just... touch you like you did to me?"

"But I wanted to..." Freya trailed off. 

"Wanted to what?" Caitlin asked. 

"It doesn't matter. We can do it another day."

"No, tell me what you want to do to me." Caitlin stopped and looked Freya in the eye. 

"I want to mount you and hump you until we both cum. Then we'll touch each other while kissing and keep going until we can't anymore." Freya steps closer, her lips almost touching Caitlin's. "We'll take turns going on top, then I'll kiss you everywhere and make you beg for more." 

Caitlin started to grow horny again at her words. "What then?" Caitlin whispered. 

"I'll fuck you until you cry my name." Freya grabbed Caitlin by the neck and starts kissing her, almost aggressively. 

Caitlin could tell this was going to get out of hand fast, but she couldn't stop herself. She dropped to her knees as Freya forced her tongue into her mouth. Freya pushed her back and climbed on top of her, mouth still firmly attached to Caitlin's lips. 

"Freya, wait!" Caitlin gasped. Despite the storm, people could still be out like they were. They were on the main trail now too. It was much too open. Freya continued to kiss her heavily. 

Caitlin had to push her off in the end. She might of been a little too rough, because Freya looked at her a little fearfully. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to... You're not angry are you?" Freya asked hesitantly. 

"Of course I'm not. How could I get angry with you? I enjoyed it, it's just too open here. I was worried someone would see us." 

"Would that matter? Did you want to keep it a secret? Us, I mean."

"No, not at all. I'm fine with people seeing me with you. Even the odd kiss in public is okay. But you were snogging me on the ground, in the pouring rain." Said Caitlin. 

"Yes, you're right. That was a bit silly of me, I don't know what I was thinking." 

"You're just excited. I am too. You got a little carried away. When we get home, you can do whatever you like to me."

"Come on then, let's find a way out of here." Freya grabbed Caitlin's hand and lead the way. 

They were both completely soaked through by the time they made it to Caitlin's house. Caitlin took Freya straight to her room. Her mum watched as they walked past, but didn't say a word. 

"You can change into something dry if you want. Help yourself." Caitlin said, opening some draws. 

"Thanks, I'll do that." Freya strips off in front of Caitlin, eyeing her up the whole time. She isn't shy at all, and even takes off her panties. She stands there a while, letting Caitlin have a good look at her body. 

Caitlin found her eyes wandering down Freya's body to the fully grown bush between her legs. Freya noticed her gaze. 

"I wasn't expecting anyone to see me naked today, otherwise I would have shaved myself." Said Freya. 

"Don't worry, you look fine. Quite hot actually." Said Caitlin, looking away. She found herself glancing back while Freya put some clothes on. 

"You're all wet." Said Freya, walking over to Caitlin. "Best you strip off too." 

Caitlin locks eyes with Freya. Her hair was wet and untidy from the rain. It made her look a little wild. Caitlin had the irresistible urge to kiss her again, but managed to hold herself back. 

She began slowly taking off her soaked clothes, aware of Freya's longing gaze. Unlike Freya, she left her panties on and went to grab a fresh pair of jeans. 

"No, take those off too. They're all wet, see?" Freya said. 

She was right. Caitlin realised. There was a slight wet patch on the front. Freya came over and pressed her hand against it. 

"Have I made you wet, Caitlin?" Freya asked. She looked her right in the eye, still pressing her fingers firmly against her panties. 

"Yes." Caitlin whispered. 

"Am I turning you on?" Freya asked, brushing her lips against Caitlin's. 

Caitlin nodded. Freya stuck out her tongue and lightly licked Caitlin's lips. Caitlin went to kiss her, but Freya stepped back. 

"Kiss me. Please." Caitlin begged. 

"Do you want me?"

"Yes!" Caitlin cried. 

"I've wanted you for years. But I had to wait." Said Freya. 

"Not anymore. I'm yours now."

"Yes you are." Freya grabbed Caitlin by the arm and pulled her close. "Kiss me." She whispered. 

Caitlin went to kiss Freya but was suddenly pushed off. 

"Now you know how it feels to want someone. That exactly how I've felt all this time." Said Freya. 

"I'm sorry, I never knew. Just kiss me, I'll make up for it, I promise." Caitlin begs. 

"I know you will. Come on then. Kiss me. Hard." This time, Freya let Caitlin kiss her. She grabbed her tightly and returned the kiss with a passion. 

Caitlin had just started to really get into it, when there was a knock on the door. Both girls immediately froze. 

"I'm going to go out for a bit." Caitlin's mum called. "I'll be back in a couple of hours." 

Caitlin listened to her mum's footsteps. When she was gone, she turned to look at Freya. "We've got a few hours. What do you want to do?" She asked. 

"Everything!" Freya pushed Caitlin to the ground and started ripping her clothes off. 

"Wait, give it a minute. She hasn't gone yet." Caitlin protested. 

"But I want you now." Freya pulled Caitlin's jeans off. 

Caitlin heard the front door shut. She immediately started kissing Freya as hard as she could. Freya let her for just a few moments, before she held Caitlin to the floor. She begun roughly fingering her, keeping one hand on her chest to stop her from getting up. 
