 When I finally awoke the next morning, I almost forgot where I was until I heard the shower running and saw that beautiful woman. I debated joining her but she saw that I was awake and motioned for me to come and join her. It was almost awkward but then we just did our thing. 

We talked and chatted while we did what we needed to do. She asked me if I had any plans for the day. I didn't and stated that. "Well why don't we go grab your suit and then I will take you sightseeing to places that you won't find in a book, places that are a strong reason why I have not left." 

We headed back to the hotel and there was the waiter that had told me about Old Lady J. His jaw was lying on the floor as we walked by for he recognized the woman on the balcony though no one had ever seen her out and about. I think she was truly enjoying making the men and boys jealous. 

We went up to my room and as soon as the door shut, she was on me like one of her boxers. She was pawing at my clothes so I laid her down and ate her to orgasm as fast as I possibly could to give her some relief but it wasn't enough. She sprang up, shoved her hand down my shorts and went to town. In mere moments I was flooding everything in sight. I changed my clothes, threw a few things in a bag and went to leave. "Do you mind if I have your things moved to my house, it is a whole lot nicer than this and I can give you your own room if you want." 

"That is up to you." She made a quick phone call and by the time we got downstairs, she handed a man my room key and he implied that everything would be prepared when we returned. I knew that she was up to something, but what?

We went back downstairs and as we came off the elevator she put my arm around her shoulders. She stopped at the front desk and said something to the clerk. We walked out to a Jeep and she jumped in the driver's seat. We took off and it was silent. The sights were some of the most beautiful I had ever seen. I was getting lost in the scenery when J said something. 

I snapped back saying, "I'm sorry, I didn't hear you, I was day-dreaming." She inquired and my response was "The beautiful scenery is so easy to get lost in, especially in the company of a woman that rivals everything around us, beautiful, powerful, confident, and independent." 

She just chuckled although she was blushing. It is so easy to make her feel good, why has no one ever picked up on this before? So I inquired to that very thing. She told me to reach into the glove box and pull out a picture that might start to explain it. I opened the glove box to find a picture of a woman that was about twice as big as J, beat to a pulp, and obviously run through the ringer of life. 

"My husband was verbally abusive. One day I had enough and I walked out. He followed me out and in front of God and everybody he beat me to a bloody pulp. The cops pulled him off of me and he went after them, he pulled a gun and they shot him. He intended to shoot me after humiliating me. As he beat me, he said, 'I don't mind going to jail. I will just make someone else my bitch, they can't be any worse than you.' They took me to the hospital, barely alive. The doctors put me back together as best they could, with reconstruction and plastic surgery. In a way I am glad that my look had to change as it gave me a fresh new start." 

"I took his 5 life insurance policies that I didn't even know about, buried him and then walked away. That is when I found this place. I just wanted to walk away from life and have everyone leave me alone. When I started being around other assholes it made me bitter and cold. I haven't had any positive feelings in a long time. That is why I started teasing the guys and then turning them in for trespassing. I was about to turn you in, but you had a different look on your face. You weren't lusting over me; you were admiring a beautiful figure. I can't say that you might not have been having other thoughts, but it didn't show." 

We both got quiet for awhile as I as absorbing the news I just heard, and I think she was letting me, wondering what I would think now. As I pondered all of this, we rounded a corner to see the most beautiful waterfall I have ever seen, it took my breath away. Then we turned off the road onto a beaten path. We were headed to the bottom of the waterfall. 

Now I knew what my suit was for. We got to the bottom, and she pulled a blanket and picnic basket out of the jeep and I grabbed our bags. I followed her, seeing her almost with a renewed sense of confidence and swagger. I off-handily asked her if she had a weight lifted off her chest by telling me. 

She was quiet for a second and then stopped, turned around, and said, "I have never told anyone that. I always felt like I should but I didn't want anyone to feel sorry for me. I know that your opinion of me has not changed. You were willing to come and talk to me even if I was an old woman." 

I wanted so much to show her how right she was but she turned around and continued to walk on. We got down by the edge of the water, laid the blanket out and just got comfortable. She curled up next to me, and we just enjoyed the view before us. I wanted to tell her so much and yet I just couldn't. She pulled some drinks out for us and we just enjoyed each other's company like old friends. I hoped that we would be friends for a long time, but would she still like me if she knew my past. I think I was unusually quiet because she called me on it. 

"I just don't want to ruin a good thing. There are things that I would like to tell you; however, this is neither the time nor the place. I don't want my mood to go to hell in a hand basket if you don't like what you hear. There is nothing illegal or truly bad but people seem to run when they are faced with the baggage that I carry."

She looked at me and said, "I really don't think that is possible, but if you will get in a better mood, I will not ask." I leaned over and kissed her. We made out for a bit which took my mind off of what I was thinking. 

"Ready for a dip?" She stood up and started to strip. She put on her suit and waited for me to do the same. The water was cool, but not nearly as cold as I expected it to be. We played around for a bit and swam. We were starting to get a little more handsy when another couple showed up. 

We swam for the waterfall , finding the pounding of the water was so relaxing. The other couple didn't seem to notice us, they just stripped down nude and headed in. It was very obvious that they had one thing on their mind. They locked in each other's arms. 

J moved around in front of me and wrapped my arms around her as we watched the action. It was hot and they kept moving closer and closer to us. He leaned her back into the very waterfall that we were standing in and he fucked her with deep abandon and passion. They came in grand form and then they were gone. We kind of looked at each other and now I knew that it was our turn. 

I held her in my arms with her legs wrapped around me. I sucked on her boobs then I released her and went under water. When I came up, her legs were on my shoulders and my face was in her pussy. She pulled her suit to the side and I went down. She was arching back in the waterfall and it was erotic. 

I was starting to have an urge that I had not had in a long time. I wanted to fuck her with my strap on, so I said, "How do you feel about a strap on?"

"Why do you have one?" 

"Yeah I do, I keep it in my travel bag so when I really need a fix, I can take care of my needs." I swam over to my bag, cleaned my boy real good and then strapped up. I swam back to her coming up behind her and sliding right in her pussy, no fuss, no muss. We got into a rhythm, moving from one position to another. It is so nice not to go limp when you come again and again and again. 

Finally she got her hands on the strap and took my boy away from me. I started to swim away but she caught my suit, and said, "Not so fast, it's my turn now." She pinned me up against a rock where she proceeded to fuck me as hard as she could drive and I was just smiling at her with a little smirk. Out of nowhere I clamped down my pussy muscles and stopped her in mid-thrust. 

She started stammering what the fuck and I just chuckled. Then I just leaned back in the water and released so that she could thrust down into my pussy like I knew I needed to absolutely explode and that's just what happened. It's a good thing that we were in the water because I am sure that she would have gotten sprayed otherwise.

We headed for the shore, to lie out, dry, and enjoy the food and drink that she had brought. I also knew that this could be dangerous for me. There were several things she had heard me say, and I was wondering when she was going to call me on it. It wasn't 5 minutes and she started asking questions about me. I answered them honestly whether she liked the answer or not. 

When we were both dry and had been in the sun long enough we headed back to her house. As we were driving, I said that if I could arrange it would you agree to have a threesome with me? She didn't say anything and the ride the rest of the way was quiet. However, when we pulled into her drive, she asked, "Do you have someone in mind?"

"In the states I do." 

We walked in the house and she handed me the phone, "Call him."

So, I did and he said he would be happy to do it if I could make all of the arrangements. I told him that I would call him back when I knew something more. I asked, "Where is your computer?", and she took me to her office. I got online and I showed her a picture of him. I told her that her secrecy would be respected by him and I was pretty sure that she was his type. 

I had never had any sexual contact but I knew that he was the man for the job. She made a couple of phone calls then and handed me a sheet of paper. I called and gave him all the details. I told him to go to my bank and they would have money for travel expenses and so forth. He would be here in three days.

I walked out of the office and to the den to relax. I had slipped off into my own little world and did not hear J enter the room. She slid onto the couch beside me and curled up in my arms. We were that way for a long time and then she asked the next question that I was afraid that she was going to ask. 

"Do you have any kids?"

I could have answered this question easily if I didn't want to tell her about my son, but I didn't want her to find out any way else so I told her that my son had passed away. The more I said, the more she sunk into my arms, like she was trying to take all of the pain away and then we were quiet again.

After a long silence she said that she had a room that she wanted me to see. We went upstairs and walked into a room of pictures. Pictures of her with all the bruises, pictures of evil things, pictures of babies that I figured had died, which came to find out was true. Whenever she needed a reality check, she comes into this room. 

For the way I have made her feel, she hinted that she is thinking about tearing this room apart for that part of her life is gone and now she has something to replace it with. Love that she has not felt in a long time, love that she may never have felt. Then she turned to me and told me, "Thank you for giving me my life back, this room is no longer needed. Let's go have dinner." I smiled and took her hand, maybe I can leave something in this room too. I might be back.

We went down and enjoyed a nice dinner followed by drinks on the porch. When we went to bed she showed me to the room she had put me in but she would really love it if I slept in bed with her so I did. Over the next 2 days we went sightseeing, played around quite a bit but more than anything just enjoyed each other's company. 

The time flew and the next thing I knew it was time to go pick up T. T hugged me when I got there and asked me about J. There was this feeling in the pit of my stomach that I didn't like but that I tried to ignore. We got back to the house and I introduced them. There was a spark between them that was undeniable. I told them that I would let them get to know each other as I was going to go take a nap. 

When I awoke, I heard them in the den talking like old friends so I went out and took a dip in the pool. Shortly thereafter they came and joined me. She said, "I wish that we would have known you were out here."

"I heard you chatting and did not want to interrupt." We swam and chatted but now instead of being her focus, I felt like a third wheel and that I no longer belonged. The day progressed into evening with a nice dinner. Instead of curling up on the couch with me to watch a movie, she curled up with T. I had a pang in my stomach, but I was the one that suggested all of this.

After awhile, I left the room to go to the bathroom. I didn't walk back in the room immediately because I was pretty sure that I heard something that I didn't want to walk in on. My favorite part of the movie was coming up so I walked back in and they flew apart like two kids that were doing something that they were not supposed to be. 

The movie ended and it was time to retire for the night. I headed for my room before I would see what was about to happen. J came into my room and inquired if what I had brought T here for was going to happen. I said, "Well I guess it can. You two go get started and I will join you in a little bit." 

"Are you okay?"

I lied. I knew that this was never going to happen. I waited a little while, changed my clothes and wandered down that way. I listened first and didn't hear anything so I silently slipped in the door. I sat down in a chair in the corner. T was worshiping that beautiful woman. It seemed like an eternity before she looked my way. 

Our eyes meet and I knew that love that she thought she had with me had been transferred to T, to a man; she just needed help getting there. I winked at her, stood up and walked out of the room. I went and packed, knowing that my purpose here was done. She had more of a chance of a great life with him than she ever could with me. 

I heard a knock on the door and I just ignored it. She walked in, came up behind me, and wrapped her arms around me. I did not want her to see the tears that I was fighting back. 

"Are you sure this is what you want? You were the one that wanted a threesome."

I shook my head yes and then said quite chocked up. "I just want you to be happy. He is a great guy but I always wondered if he thought of me in that way. I am pretty sure that now I know the answer. Go back to him, and enjoy yourself. I will see you tomorrow." I knew that I would not be there, but I really don't think it would matter seeing the look in her eyes. 

I unintentionally made a match that was stronger than me. This was the part of me that I did not want her to know about. I was hurt but I would not interrupt what they were starting and what I was supposed to be a part of. I wanted to wish them the best of luck even if I was crushed once again so I went to her office and wrote her a note, and my email address. 

I took the note into her special room. I sat down on the floor and bawled. It was uncontrollable and I let everything that I had been harboring for so long out. I guess this decision held 2 purposes. My only regret was that I could not tell her. Jealousy is a dangerous thing no matter which side of the fence you are on. 

I knew that I wanted to leave part of me in that room and that is exactly what I did. The part of me that had started to have feelings for her and a piece of my heart is what I left along with a whole lot of harbored feelings that could have killed me and some days I wish that they would. 

I had bought a heart necklace that had a sapphire stone in it. I put the necklace and the note on a stand that was in the room with a baby's picture on it. I put a picture of me and my son in the locket and laid it with the note. I left a note on my bed that said she should check her special room. 

I walked away just as I had come in, playing with the boxers and I never looked back. About three months later I got an email that simply said I hope you understand, thank you, and we are getting married. Will you be the maid of honor? Love always, Jesse a.k.a. Old Lady J.