 Welcome, dear reader, to my latest story. 

This is a romance -- or rather it is two romances because I wanted to try and tell a story from two separate characters' individual points of view. 

This means three things. Firstly, there is, in places, a degree of repetition as each character tells their own versions of events. Secondly, that the story is rather long; I did consider dividing it into parts but there were no points at which the story could be split without losing the flow. Lastly, as with many of my other stories, the story builds slowly so if you're looking for a quick sex romp story then this isn't for you!

Thanks, as ever, to my wonderful editor, Winterreisser, for his excellent editing, comments and encouragement and to Gay Kay for being a lovely friend and chief guinea pig for my writing.

Feedback is, of course, very welcome whether as scores or (even more useful to an author) by comments.

I hope you enjoy the story.

=====================================

Chapter 1: My Neighbour the stranger

Mattie

I push open the back door of my small block of flats and walk across the small paved area that the estate agents always insist on referring to as a 'patio', though 'small, bleak slab of concrete' would be more accurate as there isn't really room for chairs, much less a table or barbecue. I clamber down, putting my legs under the lower balustrade rail to dangle down towards the garden some six feet below and hook my arms over the middle rail.

It's a surprisingly warm evening for the end of April; perhaps the cold, wet spring that felt more like winter is finally ending and summer is here at last. I look across the rectangle of hedge-bounded lawn that is the flats' small communal garden and out across South London towards the North Downs in the hazy distance. That always seems a bit mad, looking south to the North Downs, but that's the way it is.

I fumble in my back pocket and pull out the battered and rather squashed cigarette packet trying to ignore words 'Smoking Kills' emblazoned across the front. Yeah, right; and being dumped puts you at risk of terminal depression. I tip out the disposable lighter and shake out a single fag, light it and take a deep draw. Ten weeks, five days, two hours and... forty six minutes since Lisa walked out of my life and I still don't feel I can smoke in the flat because she always hated it and always seemed to know, no matter how many candles I lit or windows I opened. Even cooking curry didn't work; that woman's nose was unbelievable!

Shit, I'm crying -- again! The cigarette trembles between my lips, dumping ash onto my white tee shirt that I hastily brush off. God I miss Lisa and, even after the way she left, walking out with the news that she'd been seeing someone else for the previous two months, I'd still have her back in a heartbeat. Of course I would: we'd been together for four and a half years, since her second year at university and I was just an apprentice; she'd been my first proper girlfriend and the girl I'd come out to my parents to be with.

And now she is gone.

I stub out the cigarette, flicking the butt into the bush below to join the others, before immediately lighting up another. It is going to be a dull, depressing Wednesday night, I can tell. Still, I never get tired of the view, one that I also have from the flat but on such a pleasant evening being outdoors is good.

The sound of the door opening behind me makes me jump but I don't turn round; I really don't feel very sociable. I'm surprised therefore when, after briefly standing next to me, someone climbs down to sit beside me. "Hi," the woman says. I glance to the right and see that it's a neighbour; she lives on the first floor I think and we have a nodding 'hello' relationship. There are only eight flats in the whole block, just two per floor, and I don't even really know our -- now just my -- neighbours on the same floor much less anyone living two floors down. However, while I don't know her that doesn't mean I've not noticed her: with her long, dark hair and attractive face, her shapely hips and waist and the latte-coloured skin, of course I've noticed her.

"So, is this the smokers' corner?" she asks, trying to engage my attention. My brief glance takes in again the latte complexion and the lustrous, long and dark hair but also this time the dark eyes, above high cheekbones in a heart-shaped face.

"Um, yes, I guess," I reply and look away. It occurs to me that I sounded like one of my sullen, teenage nieces when asked if they're enjoying a family gathering. The woman, however, doesn't seem to notice my tone and proceeds to take out a pink tube that I realize is of those e-cigarette things and begins fiddling with it. "Look, I'm sorry if I was a bit rude just then," I apologise, "I'm just a bit out of sorts, I guess."

"No, it's fine, really," she replies as she places the tube in her mouth and starts puffing. "You live upstairs, don't you?" she asks and I nod. Looking more carefully she doesn't seem much happier than me. It appears that misery attracts company. I vaguely recall that she lives with a guy; I've seen them together from time to time, coming and going. I wonder why she's upset and whether I really want to know. In the end, my curiosity gets the better of me.

"Er, why do you need a smokers' corner to use one of those?" I ask. "I mean, it's not like they give off smoke like real fags do." I hold up my own cigarette as exhibit A.

"Oh I don't need to come out for this, particularly not now. It's just an excuse to get outside on a nice day, that's all," she pulls her mouth into what might have been intended as a smile but is more of a grimace. "So are you banished out here when you want to smoke?"

"No, well, I used to be, before..." Oh god, no! I'm determined that I will not start blubbing in front of this almost-stranger. "...before my partner left," I finish quietly.

"Oh god, you too," she says quietly and her large eyes glisten. "I'm sorry." Is she saying that her bloke has walked out on her? I try to recall and I don't remember their car being in the car park for the past few days.

"Sorry, are you saying..." I begin, not sure how to ask what she means but she nods.

"My completely ex-boyfriend Gavin's told all our friends that he finished with me because of 'irreconcilable differences', rather than the truth, the lying, shagging bastard." I'm a little startled by how open this woman is being to me.

"And the truth was?" I ask without thinking and then worry that I shouldn't have. Pain twists her features but before I can say anything else she replies.

"The truth was that I caught him buried cock-deep in a woman -- ha, practically a girl! -- in our bed when I came home early last Monday."

"Oh shit! That sounds like a pretty irreconcilable difference," I tell her and she gives a tearful little chuckle.

"Very true," she sighs. "So anyway, it's 'Hello, Dumpsville, Arizona, population: me...' and you too by the sounds of it." She gives a slightly strained smile and I give a slight smile back. "Oh, I'm Raveena, by the way, Raveena Roy."

"Mattie, er, Mattie McConnell. Nice to finally talk to you Raveena." 

"And to you, Mattie. You've now spoken to me more than my next-door neighbours in number four ever have: they always both blank me as they walk past," she grumbles.

I finish the second cigarette "I don't really know anyone in the block. I guess we all ought to know each other really, given how close together we all live."

"Maybe, but then this is London and we're all too busy with our own lives I guess... until something goes wrong." There is that edge of despair in her voice again. If I were a better, stronger person I would reach out and comfort her and know the right thing to say, rather than the only thing that occurs to me, which would be a very unhelpful comment of 'That's what you get for being with a guy.' However, I can't honestly think that what Gavin did to her was too much worse than what Lisa did to me, so I can't claim any moral superiority for lesbianism.

I climb to my feet. "Sorry but I've got to go, Raveena," I tell her. "I hope you'll be okay."

"Thanks, Mattie; you too." She turns to look out into the distance as I head indoors and up to my top-floor flat.

