 Olivia was a quiet girl. Not too many friends, but she loved the ones she had. She had long black hair, dark brown eyes with black eye liner on and slightly pale skin. She had a small face with a tiny nose, complete with a stud piercing. Her eyebrows where thin and black with not a hair out of place. She had rosy red lips, which were small, cute and always frowning. Her body was large but not fat, with large hips and big breasts. Her arms had small lines scared along their surfaces from when she felt upset. Her white vest was complimented by the bright pink bra that lived underneath it and her knee length black skirt, which concealed a pair of black panties, which were rarely worn as this girl favoured to wear men's boxers. Her long legs led down to a pair of black socks, pulled up to her knees and a pair of black and white chequered Converts on her feet. To say that she was an emo-girl was an understatement. 

The room she was in was her bedroom. Three black walls with one white, just to contrast. The curtains and carpet were a very pale shade of pink, seeming out of place, yet adding to the colour scheme perfectly. The double bed sat tucked in a corner opposite a window. The covers had many pictures of the 'Hello Kitty' face all over it, complete with matching pillows with a large face on each. A bed-side unit was perched next to the bed with a black lamp-shaded lamp and alarm clock on top. The draws were full of useless things and a few things that a 16 year old shouldn't have. A wardrobe sat in the opposite corner to the bed, containing many clothes, all of which seemed never right to wear, as they weren't dark enough for Olivia's taste. The chest of draws stood tall next to the wardrobe with a large TV on top. It too contained clothes that Olivia didn't really like, but wore anyway. 

She was lying on her bed with her laptop, surfing the internet for anything useful to do and to pass the time faster, when her phone started to ring. 

"Hello?" She asked, answering the call.

"Hey, Livy, it's Manda, you busy at all?" Amanda asked.

"No, not really, why?" 

"Well, I was just wondering if you wanted to come out." 

"Too tired to and I'm just too bored. Maybe another time, okay?"

"Nah, I'll just come over to yours then, yeah?" Olivia thought for a moment. She really just wanted to be left alone right now, but Amanda was her best friend. 

"Yeah, okay, come on over. See you in five?"

"Sure thing. See ya soon babe." 

"See ya." Olivia hung up and threw her phone down onto the bed. She brushed her hair over, turned off her laptop, then started to wait for her friend. 

Several minutes passed as Olivia lay in wait for Amanda, glancing at her clock every now and again to check the time. Her heart leapt a little when she heard the door bell ring downstairs and her Mum let Amanda in. Muffled talking was followed by quick footsteps as Amanda scaled the stairs as fast as she could and barged into Olivia's room. 

A smile was pulled across Amanda's lips, her face was relaxed and her arms were on her hips. Her face was in perfect proportion; fair skin, cute nose and a pair of big green eyes. Her left ear was pierced with a ring, although you couldn't tell, as her thick black hair fell down to just passed her shoulders. A cute red bow sat in her hair, helping to pin it across her face, covering up her right eye. Her body was slim and perfect, giving her the figure of and hour glass. She had breasts smaller that Olivia, but breasts none the less. She wore a black, skin-tight t-shirt, meaning that the outline of her bra could be seen without much difficulty. Her mini-skirt stopped around a third of the way down her thighs, revealing a pair of smooth and slender legs, which led down to feet, concealed in black socks and a pair of shoes that matched Olivia's. 

"Hey sleepy," Amanda said, looking in on Olivia. "Didn't wake ya, did I?" Olivia rolled over and propped her head up in her hand. 

"No, you didn't, I was just lying here, thinking about things 'n' shit." Laughing a little, Amanda walked in and sat on the end of the bed, Olivia's eyes following her all the time. 

"So sleepy, what've you been up to since we last saw each other like, two days ago?" 

"Not much really," Olivia replied, rolling back onto her back. "Just been sleeping and chatting to people on Facebook. What about you?" 

"Girl, I've been getting out and living! Maybe you should try it some time, rather than gluing yourself to that laptop of yours." 

"Well sorry, but I'm not like you, I don't like going out to places!" Olivia was full of mood swings, making it hard to have a long conversation with if you said the wrong thing. "I prefer to stay in."

"Yeah, I know that, but-"

"Manda, save it. I don't want to hear it again. It's all you keep saying: "You should go out more, meet more people," blah blah blah." Amanda frowned at Olivia. 

"I'm sorry, Livy," she said. "Want me to make it up to you?" Olivia shrugged her shoulders and gazed into space. Amanda's frown turned into a small smile as she started to slide down the bed behind Olivia, then wrap her arms around her, hugging her from behind. A smile grew on Olivia's face as she felt the warmth of her friend behind her and the security of her arms. She took Amanda's hands and held them tight.

"I'm sorry, Amanda, I shouldn't have snapped-"

"It's okay, forget about it." She kissed the back of her friends head as Olivia reached forward for the remote to her TV, turning it on and flicking through the channels until she found something mildly interesting. 

"Hey girls, I'm just popping out for a bit, you going to be okay for a couple of hours?" Olivia's Mum called up the stairs. 

"Yeah, we'll be fine Mum, don't worry!" Olivia called back.

"Okay then, love you and be safe!"

"Love you too and we will!" They heard the door slam as her Mother left, leaving the two girls alone together, spooning quietly and watching TV. 

"I'm bored," Olivia said after about five minutes. 

"Livy you're always bored," Amanda responded, laughing. 

"Yeah, true." She started laughing too. The two were in a fit of giggles, until they eventually calmed down.

"So what do you want to do?" Amanda asked. "The TV's boring and I doubt you'll want to go outside. Unless you want to go on your laptop, I can't think of anything else." 

"Hmm..." The girls pondered their problem, watching the screen, waiting for an idea to pop into one of their heads. 

"We could always just masturbate," Amanda said, laughing as she did. 

"Manda, if we'd do that every time you suggested it, I would have to rent myself out to my fingers like I'm some kind of whore," Olivia replied, laughing too. "I mean, we all know you're obsessed with it and yourself, but that doesn't mean that I have to be too."

"Fine, I'll just do it myself," Amanda said, starting to get up. "Gimme your laptop." 

"Fuck off, I don't want you corrupting my history," Olivia said, reaching for her laptop, trying to protect it. "And anyway, I don't want you doing that in here. It's just wrong you making me watch."

"I'll leave then."

"No, because I'll know you're still doing it." Olivia grabbed Amanda's hand and pulled her back to the bed. Amanda sighed.

"Fine," she said. "If you say so." 

"Good." Olivia smiled as Amanda climbed in front of her. Olivia wrapped her arms around Amanda and turned her attention back to the TV. "You know it's funny, I some times wonder why you're not a lesbian, seeing as you like your vagina so much." 

"I've wondered that myself once or twice," Amanda said, laughing. "I mean, I've seen a few videos that only involve girls and they're quite nice." 

"Too much info Manda. And anyway, you've seen me naked before, so if you were, you probably would have lunged at me!" They laughed together. 

"Yeah, I think I would have!" Olivia quickly stopped laughing. 

"Right, I'm not sure if that was a compliment or if I should be worried..." 

"Ha-ha, silly Livy," Amanda said, turning her head around. "It's a compliment, trust me. I'm just saying that if I were a lesbian, I'd try it with you."

"Still sounds weird..." Amanda turned herself over and looked into Olivia's eyes. 

"Listen to me, you're really attractive and I'm surprised you haven't had a BF yet, but maybe it just takes a woman to see your inner beauty." 

"Meh, I don't know, but thanks anyway." Olivia kissed her friend's lips, then smiled. She kissed back and the two hugged. 

"I do find you hot though," Amanda whispered into Olivia's ear. She laughed.

"And I find you hot too," She whispered back. 

"Yeah but, I mean it, you're really hot and beautiful." Amanda looked into her friend's eyes. "You're an amazing person with an amazing body. You just don't think it." Amanda brushed the hair from Olivia's face. "And I love you."

"I love you too Manda," Olivia said with a smile. 

"No, but I really love you. I love you a lot. You're more than my friend, you're my best friend. You're like a sister to me." 

"You're like a sister to me too." 

"Can you kiss your sister then, please?" 

"I'd be happy to." Being this close, a simple kiss between them was rather frequent, but this one was different; there was real emotion in this kiss, from both sides. Their lips locked together and hands held each other, keeping them together for some time as they exchanged their love for one another. 

"Mmm, whoa, hang on," Olivia said, breaking away. "Hands off of the goods." 

"It's just your ass-"

"I don't care. It's my ass."

"You can hold mine," Amanda suggested, winking. 

"No thanks, no offence."

"Look, just do it." As she said this, Amanda took one of Olivia's free hands and placed it on her buttocks. "See? That wasn't too hard now was it?"

"Um... no, it wasn't... uh... wow, it's firmer that I remember, ha-ha." Olivia started to squeeze the cheek in her hand, as Amanda placed her hand on Olivia's bum. 

"Yours is too, although, I guess I don't remember much about it, as it's been a long time since we've been this intermit with each other. Fancy another snog?"

"Yeah, why not? Ha-ha." The two started kissing again whilst feeling each other up. Soft moans were passed between each other as they caressed one another. 

Olivia felt the hand on her body slide down to the back of her thigh. Playfully, she copied her friend and moved her hand lower onto the back of Amanda's thigh. She felt Amanda's hand slowly move inwards and she immediately stopped. 

"Hey, Amanda, if you wanna kiss me, that's fine. If you wanna feel me up, I don't mind now, but please, stay away from there, okay?" 

"Yeah, okay. Sorry, I guess I got a little carried away with myself." 

"That's okay, just don't do it again, okay?"

"Okay." The two smiled and resumed their kissing and caressing, slowly passing the time in each other's arms. Olivia started to feel something press against her lips, other than Amanda's and she again, stopped. 

"Okay, I didn't want to admit it at first, but now I'm sure that you're trying to get off with me."

"What? No I'm not," Amanda said, acting surprised. 

"Manda, I know what you're lying. Look, if you're a lesbian, that's fine, I don't mind the kisses, but I don't really want to do all that stuff that I'm sure you do."

"I'm sorry, I only thought I could get away with it with you because you're my best friend and I thought we could try stuff together."

"I'm flattered, but really, I don't feel comfortable with this stuff. Sorry." She frowned and kissed her friend on the cheek. 

"Can I ask you a question?" Amanda asked. "And I want the truthful answer."

"Sure thing Manda, ask away."

"Haven't you ever been... well, a little curious?" Olivia looked confused.

"What about?" She asked.

"Woman, girls, lesbians, the stuff they get up to. Have you ever wondered what that'll be like?"

"Well I have done once or twice..."

"Do you want to try it now then and cure you're slight curiosity?"

"I'm not really comfortable-"

"Livy, I promise I'll be really slow and gentle and if at any point you want to stop, just say and we will." Olivia lay in thought. 

"I don't know, I'm still not sure about this," she finally said.

"Olivia, my dear, I would never hurt you or do anything bad to you, so please, trust me, I'm your friend. We'll take it really slow and we'll only move on when you're comfortable." 

"Okay then," Olivia said after a moment had passed. "But please, slow."

"Livy, I will go at whatever pace you want me to go at." 

The two started kissing again with their hands resting on each others thighs. Amanda slowly moved her hand inwards towards Olivia's inner thigh, making her wince and move her leg.

"Trust me," Amanda whispered to Olivia. She nodded her head slowly, muttered "Okay" and let her friend continue. Amanda placed her hand back inside Olivia's thigh and slowly moved it up and down, climbing it to the top, then right down to her knee, then repeating. The slow, soft movement made Olivia make noises of agreement, as she kissed her friend. 

After toying with her friend's leg, Amanda broke off from the kiss and slowly rolled Olivia onto her back, where she laid, one arm across her chest and the other by her side. 

"You look so cute right now," Amanda said, making Olivia smile. She took her friends arm that was across her body and moved it away, lacing their fingers together in the process, holding her hand softly. With her other free hand, she placed it on Olivia's left breast, making her flinch. 

"I'm sorry," she said. "Am I going too fast?"

"No," Olivia replied. "I just... liked it, that's all." With a smile on her face, Amanda squeezed Olivia's hand and breast, then moved forward and kissed her lips. More approving noises came out of Olivia's mouth as she was caressed and kissed, only making Amanda do it more. She then moved her hand and extended a finger, placing it over where Olivia's nipple was, and then started to draw circles. Olivia stopped kissing her friend to moan. Upon realising that she had moaned aloud, she slapped her hand over her mouth and blushing out of embarrassment. Amanda laughed.

"Silly girl, don't be embarrassed, it's natural and seeing as we're the only ones in, you can moan as loud as you want to. Oh and, I think your nipple is happy to see me." The two looked down at Amanda's finger, where, underneath it, Olivia's nipple stood, pressing up again her clothes. Olivia laughed.

"Yeah, I think she is. Do you... do you want to meet her?" Amanda smiled and nodded.

"I'd be honoured too." Olivia sat up and let go of her friend's hand, then grabbed the bottom of her vest and very slowly, she began to lift it up her body, undressing herself. She got it up to her head and Amanda helped take it off, discard it on the floor, then sat and gazed at her friend. "Damn girl," she said, ogling her friend. "You have a really beautiful body." 

"Thanks babe," Olivia said, blushing and smiling. She reached back and tried to undo her bra. "Um... Manda... can you... uh... help me, please?" Amanda nodded and climbed around to the back of her friend, then undid the bra. She got back around to the front just in time to watch Olivia unveil herself. Amanda wolf whistled at the sight; two large and amazing breasts, staring her right in the face. 

"May I?" She asked, gesturing towards holding them. Olivia nodded and Amanda instantly, yet softly, placed both her hands on the breasts, squeezing them slightly. "Wow," Amanda said, feeling how firm they were. "Your breasts are amazing." 

"Ha-ha thanks," Olivia said, smiling. "Hey, um, could you... maybe take your top off? Only I feel a little..."

"Oh, yes, of course, sorry." Amanda gripped the bottom of her t-shirt and took it off slowly, watching her friend watch her. "Like what you see?" Amanda asked as she threw her top on the floor. Olivia giggled. 

"Maybe..." She looked at Amanda's bra. "Can I take it off of you?" She asked, point at the white bra. 

"Yeah, sure, go ahead." Olivia smiled, like this was something she had always wanted to do. She reached behind her friend and undid the bra, then slowly pulled it off, releasing the breasts from their pens. "Here-" Amanda took Olivia's hand and placed it onto one of her breasts. "Soft, aren't they?" Olivia nodded, silently holding her friend in her hand. "I think my nipples are happy to see you too; look, they've stood up to greet you." Olivia sat there in silence, still cupping her friend. "Livy, are you okay? Is this a little fast?" 

"I'm sorry, it is a little."

"Hey, don't be sorry, this is about you, if it is too fast, we'll slow it down. Here, lie back." Amanda helped her friend lie down, then she lay down next to her, placing her hand on her friend's stomach. "I'm sorry; I must be getting carried away."

"No, it's fine; I'm just not saying anything. I was just fixated by your boobs! Ha-ha!" 

"Ha-ha, well they're fixated with you!" Amanda laughed and moved her chest into Olivia's face, rubbing her breasts onto her. They laughed and laughed until Amanda finally stopped and lay back down. 

"So," she said. "What do you want to do?" 

"Well, this may sound a little weird, but, can I suck on your breasts? Please?" a loving smile grew on Amanda's face.

"Of course you can babe." Amanda sat up and lent against the headboard, whilst Olivia lay across her lap, her mouth now pressed upon her breasts, her lips, open and around the nipple, swallowing it in her mouth, licking it with her tongue. Soft moans of pleasure escaped from Amanda's mouth, letting Olivia know that what she was doing was right. Amanda ran her fingers through her friend's hair, then held Olivia's head to her chest, keeping her there. 

"Oh Livy," Amanda said, looking down at her friend. "You're amazing. God I love what you're doing." Olivia moved her mouth away from the breast and looked up.

"I love what I'm doing as well! Do you... maybe want to do it to me? If that's okay..."

"I was going to ask you if I could." The girls laughed and swapped positions, meaning that Olivia was now leaning back and it was Amanda who was sucking on the breasts. Whilst she was sucking, one of Amanda's hands slid down onto Olivia's thighs, then waited to see how she reacted, but she didn't, either due to the fact that she liked it, or she couldn't tell due to breast pleasure. Amanda's hand slid under her friend's skirt, which got her attention. 

"I know what you're doing," Olivia said, looking down. Amanda lifted her head up.

"I'll only progress up if you're comfortable with me doing it."

"I am, just please, be gentle Manda."

"You know I will be." With a smile, Amanda slowly moved her hand up the leg it was on, as she watched her friend press her head back into the headboard. Once at the top of the leg, Amanda's finger reached across and lightly touched the underwear, noticing a slight dampness to it. 

"Do you want me to take my skirt off? So you can see what you're doing down there?" 

"Please, if you don't mind." Olivia slid down the bed onto her back and lifted her legs into the air, allowing Amanda to remove the skirt. "Do you want mine off too?"

"Yes please, I would prefer you to be nude with me." Amanda nodded her head and removed her skirt as well, revealing her navy blue panties. She then bent over and slapped her own ass cheeks.

"Livy like?" Olivia nodded and spanked her friend. "He-he, naughty." Winking, Amanda turned back and laid between Olivia's legs. "I think my work has... well, worked, because I can see a small dark patch."

"Ha-ha really?"

"Yeah Livy. If we take them off, maybe I could show you."

"Maybe in a bit, okay?" Amanda smiled and nodded, the placed her hands on Olivia's thighs and slowly dragged her fingers down the length of them, making Olivia press her head into her pillow, moaning softly, calling out to God. Amanda repeated this motion several times, each time giving Olivia the same pleasure. Once she felt that she had stroked enough, Amanda placed her lips onto Olivia's panties, pressed into them and kissed them.
