 Since their last encounter, Olivia had been a lot more playful with herself. Instead of masturbating once or twice every other week, she now did it almost once a day! She loved it, the way it made her feel. It reminded her of Amanda, her best friend, her sister, her Mother. In the week that followed, they had agreed to take photos of themselves and send them to each other to help them 'get off'. However, privacy was a problem, for Olivia, anyway; she may have been an only child with a Father who was away quite often, but her Mother, her real Mother, was almost always home, walking around the house, never really resting, making Olivia scared to touch herself, for fear of being caught. But, it doesn't matter how hard she tried, she did, one day, get caught. 

It was an average day, not much really going on, as Olivia lay on her bed, chatting to a few friends online, trying to pass the last day before she was to sleep over at Amanda's house. Her thoughts turned to Amanda, about how beautiful she was and how she longed for her. She remember the photos and started to get turned on, feeling her hand slide down her own body, down her red t-shirt, down towards her black jeans, which were unzipped so she could get her hand in. Her hand slid into boxers and touched her bald pussy. Upon feeling it, she said "goodbye" to her friends and opened up her photos of Amanda, in particular, the one of Amanda sitting down, naked and with her legs open, exposing her pink pussy to the camera. She began to rub herself, getting hornier and hornier. She felt trapped in her clothes, so she removed them. She grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it off over her head, revealing her white bra. Her jeans were next to go; they were forced off like they were on fire, leaving Olivia semi-nude in her underwear. She pulled the straps off her shoulders and twisted the bra around, then unclipped it and threw it across the room, making it land, hooked on one of her draws. The boxers, too, were to be removed. She slipped out of them and flicked them off of her foot, making them land somewhere. She left her socks on, as she felt sexy with them on, seeing as they were now pulled up to her knees. She opened her legs up wide, let out a soft moan and started to massage herself, whilst gazing at her friend's body on her screen. Her fingers slipped into herself as she let out a louder moan, clutching on her breast, enjoying the moment, imagining her friend fucking her.

"Livy, I was wondering-" Molly, Amanda's Mum said, as she walked in. "Oh.. I'm sor-"

"Oh my God! Mum, get out!" Olivia screamed, her legs closing around her hand as her arm tried to cover herself up. "Get out! GET OUT!" Tears began to fall from her eyes as her Mum turned and left, shutting the door. Olivia put her head in her hands and started crying, all of a sudden feeling dirty and wrong, like she'd just been caught doing something bad.She reached across for her phone, looked through the phonebook and called Amanda.

"Hello?" Amanda asked cheerfully.

"M-Manda, g-get here n-now, p-please, I need y-you," Olivia stuttered through her tears.

"Livy, what's the matter? What's wrong?"

"J-just g-get here n-now." She hung up and threw her phone on the floor, crying harder than before.

A couple of minutes passed, feeling like forever to Olivia, who lay naked, soaked in her own tears. The doorbell rang, followed by mumbled talking, then heavy and fast footsteps up the stairs, until her door was opened, with Amanda standing there, looking worried. White vest, black mini-skirt, long blue socks and the same chequered converts on her feet, Amanda looked petrified as she saw the state that Olivia was in.

"Olivia... what happened?" She asked, closing the door and walking over.

"I was... over you... and Mum... and then..." Olivia managed to say through her tears. 

"I don't... I don't really follow... what happened?" She sat on the bed and started stroking her friend's hair. Her attention turned to the laptop and the picture of herself on it's screen. "Oh," she said. "I think I understand." Olivia sniffed loudly as Amanda handed her a tissue. She continued to stroke her hair until Olivia sat up and leant against the wall. Amanda moved next to her and Olivia rested her head on her friend's shoulder. 

"I was... *sniff* just lying here, when I thought of you *sniff* and I looked at the pics and started to masturbate *sniff* but my Mum... she... she... walked..." Olivia broke down again and started crying. 

"Hey, hey, shh, calm down," Amanda said as she put her arm around her friend. "Look, these things can happen, I'm sure your Mum isn't going to tell you off for it. I bet she does it! Mine does. I heard her once, it was horrible." Olivia laughed a little. "See? It's not all bad. Look, you're coming 'round mine tomorrow and we'll let this whole thing blow over. I bet she won't even remember this when you get back." With a weak smile, Olivia sat up.

"Thank you Manda, you always know what to say."

"Hey, what are friends for?" The two laughed and kissed each other. "Now, come on you, get dressed, you're turning me on and I don't want your Mum walking in on me masturbating!" They laughed and Olivia wiped the tears from her eyes, reassured now that she was going to be fine. She got dressed, said "goodbye" to her friend and continued with whatever it was that she was doing before she was rudely interrupted. 

Their dinner that night was awkward; even as a small family, they choose to eat in one room together, even if it's just the two of them. No words were exchanged between them at all, making for the first silent meal in that house in years. The next day wasn't much better, as both ladies didn't want to talk to each other. Olivia left the house that morning with a bag in her hand, full of a spare set of clothes. She had managed to say "bye" to her Mum that morning, but that was all that was said. 

Olivia arrived at Amanda's house just as her parents were getting into their car. Smiles and waves were exchanged as they drove off, letting Olivia walk up to and knock on the front door. Amanda opened it, dressing in a dressing gown. 

"Are you going to let me in, or what?" Olivia said, laughing.

"Or what," Amanda replied, winking, holding the door wider for Olivia to enter the large house. Olivia stepped in and looked around; trying to remember what her friend's house looked like. 

It was large, with bright walls and well lit rooms, making it feel welcoming. Consisting of three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, a dining room and a living room, it was a very nice house. All rooms were painted with white or bright colours, except for Amanda, who had her room painted a nice shade of purple. 

"Are we alone?" Olivia asked, looking around.

"We are indeed," Amanda replied, leading her friend down the hall and up the stairs. "That means that you can scream later." Amanda laughed and looked back at Olivia, who frowned. "Livy, what's up?"

"I dunno," she said, shrugging her shoulders. "I think it's the fact about my Mum catching me the other day, I'm a little... uncomfortable..." Amanda took her friend's hand in hers. 

"By the end of your stay here, you won't feel like that, I promise." Smiles and soft kissed were exchanged, as the two walked into Amanda's room. 

A double bed in the middle of the wall opposite the door, a large window to it's left and a chest of draws to it's right, complete with a TV on top. A cupboard stood near to the window, opposite the bed, perched up against the wall, containing lots of clothes that were hardly worn. 

"I'd forgotten how cute your room was," Olivia said laughing. 

"Ha-ha thanks," Amanda laughed. "I'd forgotten how cute you are." Olivia turned to her friend and blushed.

"Thank you, I think." Olivia slung her bag next to Amanda's bed, letting it land with a gentle "thud", then embraced her friend in a hug. "What are we going to get up to then?" 

"I don't know," Amanda replied, laughing a little. "I was hoping you'd decide!"

"Um... Manda... why are you in your dressing gown?" Amanda held her friend at arms length. 

"I'll show you," she said. She pushed her friend back onto her bed, making her sit down. She then stepped back and grabbed the ties on the front of her gown. "Ready?" She asked playfully, winking. Olivia nodded with a childish smile and watched as her friend let go, allowing her gown to fall to her feet. She stood, wearing nothing but a thong. "Surprise!" She said, thrusting out her naked chest and shaking her breasts in Olivia's face. 

"Ha-ha!" Olivia laughed, reaching out and grabbing the two breasts that shook before her. "Come closer," Olivia said, still holding onto the breasts. Amanda did as her friend asked and spread her legs open and sat on Olivia's lap, her breasts now in Olivia's face. 

A gentle moan was exhaled from Amanda's mouth as Olivia's lips made contact with her breast. Her lips parted and allowed the mouth to swallow up the nipple, which was getting harder and harder. Her tongue played and toyed with the nipple, teasing and pleasuring Amanda, making her moans a little more frequent. Olivia cupped Amanda's other breast in her hand and fondled it, softly squeezing it. Her teeth gently gripped the nipple and applied a little pressure.

"Oh-ho, naughty," Amanda said, feeling the teeth bite her. Olivia looked up into her friend's eyes and bit a little harder. Amanda slid her hands up Olivia's back and started to undo her bra through her t-shirt. Once she had finished, her hands slit right down Olivia's back and fell into the back of her black jeans, where they cupped her ass cheeks, squeezing them in time with Olivia on her breast. 

The two had become one as they fell back onto the bed. Olivia lay underneath her friend, sucking away and Amanda on top, still with her hands down Olivia's trousers. 

"You're wearing too much," Amanda whispered. Olivia removed her mouth from the breast. 

"Then do something about it." Amanda instantly knew what to do; in a flash, her hands had slipped 'round to the front of Olivia's jeans and was undoing them. She got on her knees and undid her friend's shoes and removed them, then she pulled off her jeans and threw them over her shoulder and out the door. She placed her lips on Olivia's leg and kissed it softly and her hands started to take off her pink socks. Amanda kissed slowly up her friend's leg until she reached the thighs, when she did, Amanda planted both her hands on either thigh, then gave a very firm kiss right between Olivia's legs through the soft fabric of her boxers, making her sigh with delight. Leaving the boxers as they were, Amanda carried on kissing up her friend's body, until their lips met. They kissed each other with such passion; it was like they were in love. Each girl with their hands on their friend's head, running through hair or stroking their faces, making the kiss fell like it lasted forever. Amanda reached her hands down on her friend's body until they met the bottom of the t-shirt. They gripped it and started to pull it up her body, lips still entwined. They parted for a moment as the t-shirt was lifted up and over Olivia's head, then thrown across the room. Olivia moved and fidgeted under her friend as she tried to slip out of her bra. It too, was thrown across the room in a flurry of passion and lust, as tongues invaded mouths and saliva was swapped and swallowed. Olivia opened her legs, allowing Amanda to slip in between them. She then closed her legs and wrapped them around Amanda's waist, forcing them together. Amanda began to grind her hips on her friend, thrusting herself forward and back in Olivia's grip. A mumbled noise was stifled in Amanda's mouth as Olivia tried to moan. Their mouths parted as Amanda looked down on her friend, who had started to grind back.

The two dry-humped each other for several minutes, feeling the pleasure rise in one another's bodies. Moans got louder and louder as the both began to reach their climax. Olivia was first to go; she moaned loud and felt her legs tighten around her friend, pulling her in closer, as wave after wave of pleasure bombarded her young and sexy body. Amanda on the other hand, kept grinding; she was holding off her pleasure as long as she could, biting her lip in and attempted to stop. She only let go when she heard Olivia "yelp" as her pussy got sensitive. Amanda came then, pulling herself into her friend, sinking her lips around Olivia's neck, sucking on it as her pussy exploded, launching her into a fit of ecstasy. 

The two lay there, both with bodies numb after the pleasure, panting and breathing hard. They linked hands and with a soft kiss, Olivia said: "I love you Manda."

"I love you too," Amanda replied, smiling and squeezing her friend's hand in hers. Looks of affection and caring were cast between them both, before their lips met, lightly kissing each other. The two were in love with each other, it was safe to say; no two people kissed how they did unless they were in love.

Five solid minutes of kissing and caressing later, their lips were parted.

"I don't ever want this day to end," Olivia whispered, clutching her friend's hand tightly in hers. 

"Me neither," Amanda said back. "I just want to be here, with you, forever. But..." she said, standing up. "You and I have the rest of the day lovin'. As for now... he-he." Amanda winked, making Olivia sit up.

"You want more fun?" She laughed. "Isn't this enough?" Amanda shook her head, winking again. 

"The boxers; lose them." Olivia fell onto her back and gripped onto her boxers.

"Never!" She cried, laughing. Amanda grinned. 

"Then I'm going to have to remove them myself, aren't I?" Olivia nodded, then tried to shuffle up the bed, clinging onto her underwear, giggling. Amanda grabbed her friend's feet and pulled her down the bed. She then ran her hands up Olivia's smooth legs and pinched then bottom of the boxers. She began to tug lightly on the boxers, grinning, playing with her friend. 

"They don't seem to want to come off, do they?" She asked with a grin. Olivia shook her head. "Hmm..." Amanda ran her hands further up Olivia's legs and up the legs of the boxers, climbing Olivia's thighs and entering her pubic area. "Oh!" She said as her hands touched Olivia's vagina. "Peek-a-boo!" Amanda extended a finger and began to poke her friend's pussy. "You feel wet," Amanda said, looking up.

"I am," Olivia said with a smile. "I have been for a while now." Amanda stopped her poking and gripped the boxers from the inside, then attempted to tug them off again.

"They still won't come off, will they?" 

"Say please," Olivia whispered, resting her head back on the bed.

"Please, Lezzy Livy, may I remove your under-garments?" Olivia smiled to herself.

"Yes, Mummy Manda, you can." She let go of her boxers and let Amanda remove them, then lay still and naked, feeling Amanda's eyes scan her body, admiring it's pink entrance. 

She closed her legs and covered up her breasts with her hands, then looked down to Amanda.

"What's up?" Amanda asked. "Nervous?"

"No," Olivia replied. "It's just, if you're going to sit there and look at me all day, I might as well get dressed." Amanda laughed and stood up.

"I get it," she said, facing away from her friend. "Don't worry, I'll get to you in a sec." 

"Why not now?" Olivia asked. 

"Because," Amanda started. She pulled her thong up and in between her ass cheeks, almost hiding it away. She then bent over and felt it press into her ass hole and pussy. "I want to show you me." She looked over her shoulder and spanked herself, watching Olivia's eyes light up with lust. 

"Oh Mummy..." Olivia mumbled, gazing at her friend spank herself, then wiggle her red ass. Olivia sat up and grabbed onto Amanda, pulling her over and, without saying a word, she kissed over the areas where Amanda had been spanking. 

The lips felt so soft on Amanda's red ass cheeks, making them feel better with each kiss. She began to caress herself, grabbing her breasts and playing with them and their rock-hard nipples. A foreign hand slipped inside her thigh and started to rub up and down, as the occasional drop of Amanda's pussy ran down onto it, making it too, wet. Amanda felt something warm and wet run across her ass; a tongue. It licked up and down and all around, making both cheeks start to get wet.

"The underwear..." Amanda said through deep breaths. "Remove them... Please." Olivia obeyed; she took the back of the thong in her teeth and slowly pulled then back and down over Amanda's wet ass cheeks. Amanda could feel the underwear slowly peel out of her pussy and slide down her legs, then onto the floor around her ankles. 

Hands moved from inside Amanda's thighs to her ass cheeks, where they gripped them tight and parted them, revealing Amanda's tight ass hole. Small, pink and as of yet, un-entered. Olivia smiled.

"It's so beautiful," she said, gazing at it. 

"Thank you. I wash it all the time, just in case. It's all clean for you." Olivia grinned, then poked her tongue out and pressed the end of it onto the tight hole that was in front of it. Amanda closed her eyes and sighed softly. Olivia started to lick around Amanda's ass hole, rimming her, making the soft sighs turn into gentle moans. 

"May I enter it?" Olivia asked, now moving a finger close to the hole and circling it.

"Yes Baby... you can... just... one finger for now... and make it really wet... please..." Amanda's breathing was getting heavier as the pleasure rose throughout her body. 

"As you wish," Olivia whispered. She moved the finger towards her friends wet pussy, where it moved around, getting covered in all it's juices, making it nice and wet. She moved the finger back to the hole, kissing it one last time, then gently spitting on it, making it wetter. The finger was moved into position and pressed ever so softly onto the rim, making Amanda moan softly. Olivia applied more pressure, pushing in on the hole, watching it start to swallow up her finger.

"Tell me when it's too much," she whispered, admiring as half her finger had vanished into Amanda's virgin ass. Amanda nodded, her hands gripping tight onto the bed covers as she was invaded. Olivia kept pushing, until her whole finger was deep inside her friend. 

"Wow," she said. "I didn't think you'd want it all!" Amanda laughed. 

"I think it's hungry, that's why it's eating you up." Amanda shut her eyes as she felt the finger slowly drawn out of her behind. She started to hear what sounded like sucking noises, as she turned her head around. "That's gross!" She cried. "That's been up my arse!" Olivia was sitting there, quite cutely, with her finger in her mouth, sucking away. 

"Mmm," she said. "I know it has. It actually tastes nice! Not like poo or anything, it's... I dunno, nice tasting." With that, she went back to her sucking, leaving Amanda on all fours, looking slightly disgusted and very interested. 

"It does?" She asked, turning herself around. Olivia nodded.

"Mhm, it sure does. We can do it again, if you like, so you can try it." 

"Okay then, on one condition though: I try it from you." Olivia blushed.

"From moi? Sure, if that's what you want." With a smile, Olivia got on all fours and wiggled her bum in the air. "Come and get it then, Mummy." Amanda grinned at the sight of her friend, looking so vulnerable, yet willing. 

With a lick of her lips, Amanda knelt down behind her friend and gripped onto her ass. Olivia's cheeks were parted and Amanda's tongue began to taste the new environment. A hand moved towards the tight hole, feeling it's warmth and tenderness. She rubbed her fingers on it, gently pressing on it, making Olivia moan softly. 

"One finger," she whispered, sensing Amanda's eagerness.

"Of course," Amanda said softly, retracting all other fingers accept her index finger.
