 On Friday evening, Olivia Lambert strode into Sappho's, her favorite bar and general hangout. Although she didn't particularly want a drink, she would have one or two and expected to buy several for one or more of the female patrons who would be present. Her desires were something much more carnal than liquor; she was there for sex with one of the women who would be drinking on her. Ever since she and her long term partner decided to separate, Olivia had regularly been dropping into Sappho's or similar establishments for pickup sex with somebody she would meet there. It was not as satisfactory as a permanent relationship, but it would be fun, and certainly better than spending the weekend alone. 

By the time her bourbon and soda arrived, Olivia's eyes had adjusted enough to the dim light that she was able to look around at the prospects. She was elated to see Jessica, a plump, rather baby-faced blonde with whom she had previously very much enjoyed sharing her bed. The young woman was pretty, with a voluptuous body, had a pleasant personality and enjoyed the same things in bed as Olivia liked to do with a partner. Even better, she seemed to be there by herself, with an empty bar stool on either side and an equally empty cocktail glass on the bar in front of her. 

"Daisy," Olivia addressed the bartender. "How about sending a drink to that blonde over there?" As she spoke, she pointed to the woman who had piqued her interest. 

"Jessica? Okay, Livia. She's here by herself." The bartender was well aware that many of the patrons came there looking to meet other women for sex. 

Minutes later, Daisy was placing a fresh cocktail in front of the blonde who, before taking the first sip, held it up in salute to the older woman who had bought it for her. Less than a minute after that Olivia, highball in hand, was seated on one of the bar stools beside Jessica. They were already well enough acquainted and fond enough of each other that they could forego any kind of introductions. Furthermore, either of them knew what the other was there for. Olivia was aware that Jessica was a femme, one of several attractive young women with submissive personalities who hung out in Sappho's and similar establishments. She and others like her went there to look for a chance to hook up with other lesbians, usually older and more aggressive women, such as the 35 year old Olivia. Since the latter was there looking for Jessica, or somebody like her, they could also skip some of the preliminary conversation. 

"Hi, Jess. How are ya tonight?" 

"I'm fine, Livia. Thanks, and thanks for the drink. How about you?" 

"Can't complain." Both of the women had let the other know that they were well and not in their respective menses, so they could get on with what they wanted to do. 

This would, eventually, be going to Olivia's apartment for sex but, having established that, they could take their time before leaving. The jukebox in the back of the bar started playing one of the slow numbers, and Olivia suggested dancing. The young femme liked the idea, and they moved around the floor, the older woman leading. As they danced, her hands roved over the blonde's body, excited by the soft, feminine curves. Jessica enjoyed the proprietary caresses of her partner's hands, and she snuggled up closer, so each dancer's breasts were caressing those of the other. A few more couples joined them in the dancing area, and they all exchanged friendly greetings. Quite a few of the regulars were there that night, either with their significant others or looking for a chance to hook up, as Olivia and Jessica had already done. 

Another drink and a few more slow, cuddly dances later, and Olivia asked Daisy to call a cab to take her and her partner for the night back to her apartment. The two women shared the back seat and, since they knew some people would be offended by displays of carnal affection between two women, they sat primly in opposite corners and kept their hands off each other. They had a whole night and the next morning to kiss and caress and generally enjoy themselves sexually with one another, and they had no problem waiting a few minutes. 

The primness and waiting ended once they were in Olivia's apartment and she had locked the door. The two women kicked their shoes off, embraced each other warmly and kissed, mouths wide open and both tongues exploring and being welcomed. Olivia had felt Jessica's large, soft breasts pressed against her chest for much of the night, but what she really wanted was to fondle the succulent globes with her hands. While their mouths remained pressed together, she pulled the younger woman's frilly blouse from her skirt and reached up her back to unhook her bra. After pulling it loose and draping the wispy lingerie over the arm of a nearby chair, Olivia moved her hands around to the front of the blouse and gently held the twin treasures the bra had been supporting. 

"Mmmm, I really love your boobies," she murmured as her thumbs found the nipples that were already erect in anticipation of what the women would be doing momentarily. 

"They really love you too. See how the nipples are already hard for you." As was her wont, Jessica let the older woman take the initiative and stood in front of her and reveled in her ministrations. 

Wanting to get her mouth in on the fun, Olivia removed her hands and quickly unbuttoned the front of the blouse. Jessica turned slowly to let it be taken off and placed on top of her bra. Once again, the older woman cupped the lovely breasts in her hands but, this time, she bent down to lick the nipples, which grew harder under her avid attentions. As she moved her tongue from one to the other of the luscious pair, she could actually feel the individual ridges that made up the hardness, as well as the pebbly texture of Jessica's areolas. 

While one hand continued holding the breast she was licking, Olivia's other hand started to caress Jessica's side and back and belly. What she was starting to do had been fun while on the dance floor, but it was infinitely better on her partner's bare skin. When her mouth moved to the other gorgeous breast, she also changed hands, switching her caresses to the other side. Jessica was so thrilled by the sensations of the knowing hands on her bare skin that she silently offered her help. She reached up and held her own breasts up to the pleasuring tongue, leaving both of Olivia's hands free to wander where they wanted, all over Jessica's upper body, even including slipping some fingers into the waistband of her skirt. 

The spark that had been ignited when one woman joined the other at the bar, and kindled on the dance floor blossomed into fire in Olivia's apartment. Both women reacted to what they were doing for each other, breathing hard and sighing happily as their arousal grew. The more the fondling and the stroking and the licking went on, the more eager they were to do what they had come there for, but not while standing in the middle of the floor. They were at the right address for a night of making love, but in the wrong room. 

"Let's go into the bedroom," Olivia suggested as she straightened up, brushed back her short, dark brown hair and placed her hand on her friend's bare back to guide her where they both wanted to go. 

Jessica had been looking forward to that destination for the last two hours, and expressed neither objection nor disagreement. She was glad when Olivia turned on the soft lights and hoped she would leave them on, because she much preferred sex in a lighted room. With the backs of her thighs pressed against the edge of the mattress, the two women shared another long embrace and a passionate kiss, while Olivia's hand deftly unbuttoned Jessica's skirt and unzipped it all the way down from the waistband. The two women leaned slightly away from the bed; the garment fell to the floor, and was nudged away by the stockinged foot of the woman who had been wearing it. Those stockings were the last things to go, and Olivia peeled them down Jessica's legs and off around her feet, dropping them on top of the skirt. 

Clad in nothing but panties, which had steadily become damper during the course of the evening, Jessica sat on the bed, swung her legs up and lay on her back, a pillow under her head, to await the other woman. Olivia didn't make her wait long. She quickly removed the blazer of her earth tone pantsuit, and getting out of her white blouse didn't take long either. The bra went next, exposing small, firm breasts, and this was followed by the other part of the suit and by her knee length stockings. She eagerly joined her partner on the bed, both women clad only in their wet, silky panties. 

The first kiss, and several subsequent ones once they got to a reclining position were on Jessica's mouth, and both tongues quickly got involved. Olivia trailed kisses down her partner's face and throat until she reached her first goal, the nearest of the succulent breasts. Cupping the delightful mound in one hand, Olivia resumed licking the erect nipples, once again reveling in their rigidity and in how they felt against her tongue. While one hand held the luscious globe, her other was free to roam over the soft curves of her partner's body, and her own arms and back and ass were gently stroked in return. 

Already, Jessica was cooing in pleasure and squirming on the bed because she could feel that the triangular connection had been made between her nipples and her clit, sending currents of bliss buzzing through her body. Her movements became more pronounced and her sounds of pleasure grew louder as the brunette switched her adoration back and forth between the delightful breasts. Sometimes the skilled tongue probed gently against nipple and areola and sometimes it stroked the entire peak of the breast and its sides. 

Opening her mouth wide, Olivia enveloped as much of one of the lively globes as she could. With her lips acting as a seal on the soft flesh, she sucked, while her tongue continued to caress the nipple and areola. Once again, she alternated her oral homage between the lovely twins, liking the way Jessica was moving, thrusting her breasts into the mouth that made them so welcome, as her body writhed on the bed. The sexy blonde's cooing started turning to moans of bliss, and her panties became wetter, giving off more of their truly delightful aroma. 

"Oooo, Livia," Jessica murmured. "I love it when you do that, and I know you love it too." 

Olivia smiled inwardly at that indisputable statement of fact. She really did love to suck and lick gorgeous breasts such as the ones available to her that night. However, there was another place, where she loved licking even more, and it was almost time to switch her attentions there. The aroma of Jessica's pussy juices had been tantalizing her nostrils for a long time, and Olivia knew they would taste even better than they smelled. 

Starting with the channel between the succulent twins, she licked her way down the sexily plump belly toward that goal, while her hands caressed soft, panty-clad hips. Olivia paused along the way to swirl her tongue into her partner's navel, evoking a giggle and a light push on her shoulders, telling her to keep going lower. When her tongue reached Jessica's panties, Olivia stopped, hooked her thumbs into the waistband, and started pulling them down. Their wearer raised her ass from the bed and Olivia peeled the last garment down and all the way off, tossing it in the direction of the pile of other clothing. Completely naked, the voluptuous blonde lay on the bed, waiting to be transported the rest of the way to ecstasy. 

She did not have long to wait before the journey resumed. Seeing the conductor get off the bed and back on at the foot, Jessica spread her legs and raised them, letting Olivia duck under her knees so they could rest on the older woman's shoulders. Looking between her breasts and down her body, she saw the top of a head, covered with dark brown hair cut in a short, no-nonsense style, and a smiling pale face that quickly disappeared from view. 

There was no doubt where it had gone, because Jessica immediately felt Olivia's tongue stroking the inside of one of her thighs, and she knew it was busily lapping up some of the juices that had dripped there from her pussy. After a few seconds, she felt it doing the same thing for her other leg, followed by slowly mopping up everything from her crotch. The smiling face reappeared, smeared and shiny with the juices that Olivia had just devoured. Jessica reached under her body and spread her ass cheeks, in a silent plea to the older woman to finger-fuck her there while eating her pussy. She very much enjoyed the sensation, but didn't have the nerve to ask aloud for the older woman to do it for her. 

Olivia saw what the pale hands were doing, and smiled to herself. She didn't particularly enjoy fingering her partner's ass, but she knew that Jessica would have a stronger orgasm, making it more fun for both of them, if she did it. Since she had no real objection, and her short nails wouldn't inflict any cuts or scratches and could be cleaned off easily, she wetted her finger in her mouth and slid it into the hole that awaited it. After fucking in and out, observing how Jessica was already thrusting her ass back to meet the digit, she got busy doing what she had been yearning to do from the minute she saw the blonde by herself in Sappho's. 

She began by admiring the pussy that awaited her and, truly, Jessica had a thing of beauty between her legs. She was a natural blonde, with the fair complexion that went with it, and her pubic hair was trimmed into a Mohawk. The skin surrounding her pussy lips was ivory white, and the labia it framed were pink, dark and swollen now with her lust. The middle finger of her right hand continued slowly plunging in and out of Jessica's ass, and Olivia wrapped her other arm around a soft thigh. With the fingers and thumb of that hand, she gently separated the swollen lips, and gazed raptly into the beautiful pink source of the juices she had relished a minute earlier. A cloud of delightful woman-perfume arose, delighting Olivia's nostrils as she breathed it deeply into her lungs. 

As much as she loved the sight and taste and aroma of a beautiful pussy such as the one awaiting her, the way it felt to her mouth was even more delightful. The outer lip where Olivia started licking was even softer and smoother than the insides of Jessica's thighs had been, and she took her time, letting her tongue meander all the say to the other woman's soft Mount of Venus. After reaching that point, she raised her head to look again at the beautiful body that was hers for the evening. Already highly aroused, Jessica was writhing on the bed, and her head was rolling back and forth on the pillow. 

Olivia smiled and brought her mouth back down to where she had started. After her tongue had sluiced up the fresh nectar, she started licking the other lip. As the first had been, the second lip was soft and smooth as a warm satin pillow, and Olivia's tongue pampered it in the same way. Once again, after kissing Jessica's mons, she looked at the young blonde's body, and was elated to see her movements. They were even more pronounced, with her luscious breasts swaying and bouncing, her lower body writhing blissfully, and her ass fucking back to meet the finger that was going in and out. . 

This time, when Olivia brought her mouth back down to Jessica's delectable pink hole, she had to partially rotate the hand whose finger was driving in and out of her ass, but there was no pause in the strokes. Otherwise, her own knuckles would have been in the way, because she started with her chin pressed against the small expanse between the two holes she was pleasuring. Olivia thrust her tongue against the lower edge of the one that was producing the nectar, and relished the few drops that flicked out and were landed where they could please her taste buds. She had to keep her shoulder pressed against a soft thigh, but the hand that was not busy fucking Jessica's ass stroked her soft belly. 

Always taking her time, knowing they had all night, Olivia's mouth slowly progressed up both sides of the dripping love hole. She planted soft kisses on Jessica's swollen labia, and used her tongue to probe the edges of the dripping hole and to explore under the inner lips. When she switched from one side to the other, she dipped her tongue into the bubbling cauldron to get a taste of the freshest and most delicious of the nectar. As the talented mouth continued on its way upward, Jessica's movements became wilder, with her pussy fucking up into her partner's face and her hips swiveling, thrusting her legs out and back past the older woman's head. Her moans of bliss had turned to whimpers and her eyes were closed as she awaited the completion of her journey to ecstasy. 

Olivia wanted just as much to complete the trip just. She knew it was almost time to bring Jessica to her climax, because she was at the apex of her arousal. When she reached the top of her love hole, Olivia moved her mouth slightly to thrust her tongue against the small area between there and the base of Jess's clit. That delightful love button was so swollen with lust it had pushed its way out from its protective hood. She helped herself to all the delicious juices that were still flowing, before engulfing the adorable pink pearl inside her mouth. Her lips formed a seal at the base, and Olivia's tongue buffeted the engorged sides and top. To avoid the possibility of a broken finger after the sensuous blonde started cumming, she removed her finger from where it had helped so much with the arousal. 

"Yes! Yes! Suck my clit!" Jessica implored when she felt the lips and tongue starting to do just that, and she started fucking even stronger against the face between her legs. The connection with her nipples grew stronger; joy sizzled through Jessica's body and her head and her legs and her whole body pitched and tossed on the bed from the incredible pleasure she was feeling. 

But it continued getting better, as Olivia sucked and licked her clit. The mountain of delight that had been building up inside her ever since her friend joined her in the bar, abruptly exploded into an avalanche. "My god!" she cried out joyously. "I'm cumming!" 

Jessica's movements became even more frenzied. Her thighs clamped onto Olivia's head, and her arms flailed the mattress, as more and stronger torrents of pleasure swept through her body. She rocked forward and back and from side to side on her ass, while trying to ram her pussy even more closely into the face of the woman who had brought her to such an incredible state. Olivia clung to one thigh, her other arm braced against the bed, and kept her mouth clamped tightly over Jessica's clit, hanging on to enjoy her friend's cumming. 

"Ah! AH!" Jessica cried out as she climaxed. Her back arched while all her muscles spasmed, ramming her pussy against Olivia's face for an ultimate time. After her thunderous orgasm, she totally relaxed, almost seeming to melt into a puddle of pink and blonde and ivory white. Her eyes were closed and a blissful smile ceased her face.

Olivia enjoyed the boisterous climax almost as much as Jessica did, especially when she got to lick all the fresh nectar from Jess's thighs, belly, crotch and everywhere else it had spattered. Knowing they would be fucking in a few minutes, she left the juices inside the hole that had produced them, so they could perform their natural function of lubrication. After feasting on as much as she would allow herself, Olivia backed away, letting Jessica's legs lightly drop onto the top of the mattress. 

First she went to the bathroom and carefully washed the finger that had been inside the other woman's ass. With that detail taken care of, Olivia went to the bureau drawer where she kept her toys and selected her favorite strapon. It was made of leather, mostly black, with a red triangular section in the front, from which protruded a thick, seven inch plastic dildo, lined with molded pyramids and stars and equipped with an adjustable clit spur. A strap led from the apex of the triangle, intended to go under the crotch of the wearer, and it connected to the belt that would be worn around her waist. Sticking up from the strap was a second dildo, identical to the first, which would do for Olivia's pussy everything that the one in front did for Jessica. She bent over and held the strapon near the floor, with both dildos properly positioned. 
