 Well it's Friday night again. Typically we meet our friends and their kids up at our private campsite, we have a little something to eat then we put the kids to bed. We pull out a bottle of wine and the adults sit around the campfire and compare war stories of the previous week.

Here we are a pair of typical 40 something couples. My girlfriend and I are just winding down getting ready to party. And then... the men stretch and yawn and are ready to go to bed, expecting us to follow. To watch them sleep of course! 

We both look at each other rolling our eyes. Each husband exits the campfire to each of our campers. We signal we will be in as soon as we tidy up the site. 

Tiffany and I have been good friends for quite a while. But recently we have found a mutual attraction towards each other that has been sexually charged. While neither of us have ever acted upon it, we both are very aware of its presence.

I was busy picking up what the kids left behind. I noticed Tiffany was gone so I walked around the campsite looking for her. I went behind one of the campers; there she was leaning up against the back of the camper smoking a cigarette. She was looking up at the stars. Her long mocha hair was glistening in the bright moonlight. She looked incredibly hot.

There was music playing in the background, she way swaying and pulsating to the sounds of Al Green I was getting so turned on by this, I almost felt embarrassed. 

I watched her for a few moments. I felt that familiar twitch in my clit; happens when I get aroused. I squeezed the muscles in my thighs. My heart began to race, I was breathing deep. I tweaked my already hard nipples through my shirt. I gasped out loud by the thoughts that were racing through my mind. 

Startled she turned, "Hey, what are you doing?" 

Sheepishly I confessed, "I was watching you."

"Getting a little turned on are we now" she said with a seductive smile. "Come on lets dance in the moonlight," as she extended her hand to me.

My first response was, "The Men...kids..."

"Oh they are probably sleeping." 

She was right. 

She stood with her back towards me moving very slowly and erotically to the music.

I was basking in the amorous scent of her soft hair and flesh. She leaned into me. Her body felt hot with passion. Signaled with gesture, I moved her hair to one side as I gently kissed her bare neck and shoulders. I could feel the goose bumps rise from her skin under my lips. The warm breeze of the summer night caressed us as we stood moving to the very sensual music. She enveloped her body with my arms. 

I was stroking her partially clad body ever so delicately.

She turned towards me; I planted butterfly kisses all over her neck, shoulders, and arms. Her tank top gracefully dropped to her waist exposing her firm puckered nipples, waiting in anticipation...

I circled her areola with my already hot tongue without touching her raspberry nipples. 

This was driving her wild. She was begging for more. I thought her juicy berries were going to burst! Wow, I could just imagine what was happening in her panties...

I worked my way down to her belly button, massaging her already excited fleshy charms with my gentle hands and hot tongue. I opened her jeans and slide her pants down to her ankles. She succumbed to my advances while waiting for the next move. I took her hand and pressed it firmly on her throbbing mound. She gasped; I would not let her touch her pounding blossom yet. I had her dip her two fingers deep into her dripping sweet pussy. 

She wanted more, I wanted to give her more. I had her rub her honey all over her nipples that were still standing at complete attention. We leaned against the camper, with her arms over her head; she was writhing in anticipation of sheer pleasure. I asked to her suck on her sweet fingers one at a time. She hungrily agreed. Then we kissed. A kiss of pure passion. Deep, throbbing and wet. The succulent taste of her juice was amazing. Her lips were as I had always imagined. Soft, supple...yet firm and wanting. Wow my clit was so hard I was sure it would burst right in my panties. 

I proceeded down to those good soldiers that were erect for attention, desperately waiting for me to return. I circled her nipples teasing... so lightly... and licking and lapping every drop of sugar that was placed there. I then took each nipple into my mouth, lavished with the taste of honey and sweat. I was playing with my very hard clit. This gave me the first of my orgasms, and hers, as she was so turned on by the taste of her own sweetness and the smell of our intertwined scents.

Her sweet pussy was dripping down her legs. This was so amazing to me. I knew I wanted more and by the feel of things so did she. 

She lay down on the cool ground. She was intoxicated with ecstasy. I continued with my butterfly kisses on the inside of her thighs, running my soft delicate hands over her hot body. She was sucking her fingers and squeezing her firm tits, eagerly awaiting my tongue's next move. I was so hot; I could not wait to taste her pussy. 

I continued kissing and gently inserted my two fingers in her very wet snatch. She squealed with delight. She started pumping my fingers like they were a huge pulsating cock. Begging me to fill her, harder and faster. Begging me to touch her love button. My hand was drenched in her creamy love juices. 

I removed my fingers to insert my tongue; I made love to her with my tongue she came again and again. Wow!

I then moved up to her throbbing pulsating clit. I licked all around it. I could feel the throb without even touching her delicate flower. Holding her lips apart I gently blew on her clit it grew bigger. Her clit was pleading with me to take it in my mouth. With my fingers back in her sweet pussy I engulfed her clit with my eager mouth. It tasted amazingly good. I sucked and sucked and sucked until she climaxed again and more intense than the last time.

We kissed some more; she loved the taste of her own juices. We could have sucked and kissed until morning. We fell exhausted with pleasure into each others arms. However... we would have to pick up where we left off... next week when it's my turn.