 They were outfitting the office with new everything; computer, printer, fax, you name it. Being typical 26 year olds familiar with technology, neither Alana nor Rene was afraid to try hooking it all up themselves, but when the guy from the electronic store offered to do it for free when he showed up to deliver everything, they figured, why not? It was in the middle of the day, and though this particular hour was slow for walk-in customers, it was a useful time to get other things done.

The office was small; it had once been a privately-owned pharmacy. In the front room was a small area for customers and the old-fashioned type of raised counter often seen in older drug stores. Behind that was working space for Rene and Alana's moving business. Directly behind that was the actual office, a dorm-sized room with a huge oak desk in the center. This is where the three of them were now. The computer guy had just unpacked the last of the new gizmos, and was on his knees behind the desk, ready to set it all up.

Rene and Alana were going through the various motions of their work day, Alana dealing with the billing and Rene making calls. They didn't pay much attention to the computer guy, and he understood enough to let them be so they could work.

He burrowed under the huge desk, a gift from Rene's dad, and placed the CPU and power strips so they'd be out of the way and out of sight. It was dark under there, since the desk had no legs, but instead went all the way to the floor and was only open on the chair side. His pocket flashlight was on, and he held it so he could see the areas of concern.

Above, Rene, who was on the phone, was just put on hold when a casual glance downward revealed something that caught her attention and made her heart jump. Just two steps away, Alana half sat and half leaned on the side of the desk as she looked through a ledger. She was obviously engrossed in her work, so it couldn't have been on purpose that her short skirt was pushed up a little too far, revealing that warm, soft spot of skin between her legs. Though hidden by shadow, Rene could see well enough to know with certainty that her typically shy best friend and always professional business partner wasn't wearing anything beneath that skirt. The smooth cleft of her lips was obvious and bare.

Rene knew that Alana could be tempted by the same sex, but up in the air was whether or not she still wanted to be. It was a question Alana had promised to answer, but things on that front had been quiet for more than a week now. Rene had been patient and hadn't brought it up, but as shy as her friend was, perhaps such a bold move indicated a decision had been made.

Rene was so excited to find out, she found herself quivering and instantly wet.

"Can you jiggle the cords for me?" the computer guy asked no one in particular.

Alana knew what he meant, and being already at the desk, said she would. The cords for everything sitting on the desk went together and down a hole leading beneath the desk where the outlets and CPU were. Cords to the mouse, keyboard, screen, etc. all tangled together, and by jiggling the cords as he called them out, the computer guy would know which one was which as he hooked them up. He began calling things out, and Alana was almost absent-mindedly jiggling them as she continued looking through the ledger.

Alana's legs were still spread just enough, her skirt just high enough, to allow her friend that overwhelming view. And now she was doubly distracted. It was the perfect opportunity for Rene. She crooked her neck and held the phone with her shoulder.

She then stepped forward, bent over the desk, pretending to grab something, then reached between Alana's legs with her free hand. Rene's long, slender finger found the spot exactly, and she pushed the tip between the warm lips, then past them, inside.

Alana gasped and her body tightened, but her instinct was not to push Rene away. Instead, she dropped the cords and grabbed Rene's hand, squeezing it tight and pressing it to her. Rene tried to probe deeper, but Alana's grasp kept her from moving either in or out. She even kept her nose buried in the ledger. Rene looked at her, watching her face, waiting for a response, but Alana was like stone.

And yet she wasn't pushing her away.

"Fax power cord," came the computer guy's voice from under the desk.

There was a brief freeze of time, and then Alana finally looked up into Rene's eyes. They were wanting, but warning. Saying yes, but no. Seconds passed.

"Can you move it again?" asked the computer guy. "I didn't see..."

Alana slowly released Rene's hand, then reached back, grabbed the fax power cord, and tugged it gently. Her eyes never left Rene's. Neither girls' expression changed. It was a battle of wills. As if Alana were daring Rene to go further. Alana's hand stayed with the cords. Rene's hand was free.

She pushed her finger deep, Alana's sudden wetness making the move quick and easy. Alana's body shuddered. Neither girl blinked.

The computer guy called out another request. Alana looked back, grabbed the appropriate cord, and tugged it. She turned back to face Rene—

Rene lunged for her with her mouth, kissing her hard and deep as she pulled her finger back, beginning to fuck Alana. Somehow, she still kept the phone between her neck and shoulder. Her free hand grabbed the ledger and pushed it down. Alana leaned back, accepting the kiss but resisting the advancement. Her blonde hair fell back, back, until it was resting on the top of the desk, and then Alana pulled away, breaking the kiss.

"No," she mouthed. But she could have freed either of her hands to punctuate the point, yet didn't. 

Rene continued to fuck with deep, slow, strong strokes. She added a second finger and cupped Alana's naked mound with the rest of her hand. Alana reluctantly but impulsively ground against her hand, fucking her fingers back.

The computer guy called for another cord. Alana tugged the first one she could pick out.

Alana was still leaning back, her lips out of reach of Rene's kiss, but that didn't stop Rene. She moved down, kissing and nibbling at Alana's firm, heavy breasts beneath the fabric of her blouse, noting the hard nipples and the lack of a bra. She grabbed the phone from her shoulder, pulled the cord, and handed it to Alana, who accepted it absentmindedly. Rene then used her free hand to undo the top button of Alana's blouse. And then the second. Alana leaned forward, shaking her head.

"No, no," she whispered, but she was spreading her legs and panting.

"I don't think that was it," the computer guy said.

Alana grabbed another cord at random and tugged it, never looking away from Rene, who undid a third button. Alana's flushed chest peeked out the opening, and then Rene reached through and cupped one of the soft, beautiful breasts, pressing against the hard nipple with her palm.

Alana pushed the phone back toward the hand that caressed her there, finally getting Rene to release her breast and take the phone back. But as she did, Rene increased the speed of her fingers, fucking Alana faster and harder, and now rubbing her thumb across her clit. Alana bucked into her hand as inconspicuously as she could. Rene dipped her head low, licking the skin between Alana's breasts.

Alana stifled a moan, then tugged another cord for the computer guy.

Rene took advantage of the position and wrapped her arm around Alana and pulling her close. She had taken the phone around her too, and it ended up right next to Alana's face as Rene held her tight and close and kissed her again. Their tongues wrestled as they struggled to breathe, and struggled ever harder to keep their breaths silent. Rene pushed Alana up, helping her to sit on the desk, then straddled Alana's naked thigh and began grinding her own crotch against it.

The person on the other end of the phone came back and began talking. With the phone now to Alana's ear, she recognized it as someone from the company insurance agency. She let the woman on the other end talk, but didn't listen to a word. Occasionally she offered an "Mm Hm" through the kiss to keep up the charade.

Rene heard the "Mm hms" and knew what Alana was doing, but she wanted an answer, too. She pulled away, stopped fingering, but continued to rub Alana's clit. Then she put her lips against Alana's ear and whispered.

"Do you still want to stop?" She punctuated the question by licking Alana's ear lobe.

Alana's response was instant.

"Can you hold a sec?" she said into the phone before dropping it, not caring that it banged onto the desk, then the floor, making all sorts of noise.

She then embraced Rene savagely, lunged for her lips and kissed her hard, her tongue moving deep and wild. She grabbed Rene's thighs, then reached under her friend's miniskirt and found her panties. She pulled them hard and fast, hearing fabric tear along the way. When the panties were down as far as Alana could get them, she lifted her thigh against Rene's naked, dripping pussy and let her hump her.

Rene fingered Alana the whole time, going faster and deeper with each wet stroke. She wasn't just putting her hand into it, or even her arm, but her whole body, and Alana responded in kind. Rene rubbed her pussy against Alana's leg vigorously, leaving a slick trail of her juices and feeling a wildfire spreading within her own thighs. Rene knew she would cum soon, but Alana was already there.

Alana kissed and gasped into Rene's mouth as her body took control, bucking hard against Rene's hand and holding her as tight as her arms possibly could. Her body became an earthquake, trembling from head to toe, a searing sizzle of energy throbbing through her veins.

Rene did all she could to hold her, to keep her from thrashing and revealing what they were doing. But then she lost it, too, her primed cunt exploding from the sensual overload provided by Alana's tight, smooth thigh. As orgasms ravaged her, her legs grew weak and Rene lost her balance. Together, the women fell back onto the desk, and would have made quite a commotion if Rene hadn't managed to reach out with her free hand and stop them before they fell back all the way. Shuddering together, held by that one arm, Alana and Rene climaxed together, their bodies tense enough to snap into pieces, their breathing heavy enough to send them into unconsciousness, but their grip on themselves just strong enough to avoid revealing their secret. Unheard of passion burned between their legs, the girls' wet lips engulfed in flames.

They were still reeling from their mutual cum when they heard the computer guy scooting out from under the desk.

"I think I got everything," he said. "You want to turn it on? See if it all works?"

The women separated, their bodies still weak and shaky. They pushed down their skirts, composed themselves as best they could. Rene picked up the phone and resumed her conversation. Alana didn't have time to redo the three buttons on her blouse, so she buried her face into the ledger again and kept her back to the computer guy.

"No, I think we've wasted enough of your time. I'm sure it's all fine," she said, not looking up.

As Rene talked on the phone, she reached into her pocket and grabbed a cash tip and handed it to the guy, thanking him as he left. If he had suspected a thing, he didn't show it.

Once he was gone, Alana and Rene just looked into each other's eyes. Rene smiled. Alana unconsciously licked her lips.

Neither one said a thing, but they both knew that as soon as Rene was off the phone, they would be back on top of that desk.

*

FOR MORE STORIES featuring Alana, see My Sister's Secrets, Alana's First Phone Fuck, Under the Counter, and more.

FOR MORE STORIES featuring Rene, see Alana's first Phone Fuck, Rain, Lesbians, and Mattresses, and Under The Counter. 