 The warm moisture of her breath sighed softly as her lips closed around my nipple. I felt a pull as she gently sucked it into her mouth. Her lips protected the small, now tight nub from her teeth, for the moment. I closed my eyes not yet believing that this first moment was actually upon us.

A cup of coffee became a look, which became a smile, then a kiss. Now we lay sprawled across my marriage bed, an antique brass queen, the same bed my grandparents and parents had shared. My panties were the last bit of clothing either of us wore. I knew they would not be there much longer.

Her lips released the suction on my nipple. The tiniest tip of her tongue circled the tightening button. Slowly. Teasing me. I could almost feel my nipple rise to meet her kiss. A hand, my own, reached around the back of her neck and pulled her down to my chest once again. A pinch of teeth, gentle yet tight, forced a moan from my deep in my throat.

Her leg, soft and hairless, slid over the top of my own. She crawled on top of me. Her hips lifted slightly, positioning her naked delta just above my own. She lowered herself and pressed down. We kissed. Our fingers locked. Our tongues passed effortlessly back and forth between our lips. Our hips moved, hers down, mine up, then apart again. Rolling and moving together, never separating.

I moved my hands down the thin skin covering her ribcage, only briefly pausing to caress sides of the soft freckled mounds pressed on to my chest. Around the round curves of her ass, my fingers slipped into the buttery crack, pulling them gently apart. Then over her hips. I slid my hands into the perspiring space separating her skin from mine. She lifted and my hands entered the space fully.

For the second time today, my fingers brushed through her wiry dark tuft and entered her. My finger was swallowed by its oily, pillowy folds. One finger. Two fingers pushed in to her. She moaned. I turned my hand under her, exploring deeper. Oh my god, she muttered as her lips fell on mine again.

Her hips lifted, just enough, then lowered on my hand again. Up and down. In and out. I stiffened my fingers, pointing up, positioned like cocks we'd both known. She rose and lowered herself over and over again.

I removed my fingers from her and brought them to my mouth, then to hers. We both sucked on my fingers, both grinning devilishly. God, her eyes sparkled at the edge of laughter and tears.

Should we? Neither of us spoke. She unstraddled me, crawling to my side, slowly, temptingly turning her body around. I helped lift her leg over my head. From that moment, that sleek sweet dark patch became my world. My head moved up, my mouth drawn into the dark forest, taking in her thick scent, her syrupy wetness. Her moan on my first touch reverberated across the length of her body until I felt it through her pussy lips.

I tongued the edges, the folds, pushing aside the fur with my tongue. I scarcely felt her tug my panties off, only a vague sensation that something else was happening in a different place on my wedding bed. I pressed my mouth into her, the hair parting, the humid folds spreading until my face was inside her.

The hot fluids moistened my face. I drank her juices. I moved my mouth from side to side, from top to bottom. New flavors. Different erotic sensations.

Distant fingers rubbed my clitoris making my body arch up. I pulled her hips down on to me. She rocked and slid over me. Her mouth disappeared in my pussy as mine had in hers. We moaned and twisted in unison. Hungrily licking and sucking. I felt in a moment of clarity her hard nipples brush across the top of my belly.

How long we were like this? I remember the moment my stomach knotted, and the tickling sensation began beneath my hips and moved outward in ever-growing waves through my body. Without any chance to control myself or to warn her, my whole body convulsed. I moaned. Tears poured from the corners of my eyes. My hips pressed on her mouth, then jerked away. She followed, relentless. Tongue lashing at my clit, her fingers holding me open and spreading my wetness around my thighs.

As the waves receded in me, I felt her grin spread across my sensitive soaked folds. She giggled. We both started laughing softly. She fell silent as my mouth found her once again. Lips pursed in a kiss, pulling on her clit. I licked her, stiff tongue across the tip. Flashing back and forth, over and over again. Yes. Right there. Her voice muffled as her thighs closed over my ears. She rose up, sitting on top of me. She rocked back and forth, letting my tongue tease her. She suddenly pushed back. A long loud moan poured from her. She lifted, then slammed back on my mouth again. Another long moan. Higher pitched. Through clenched teeth, she came, pressed down on my face, fluids loosened from her release flowed down my cheeks, down her thighs.

I kissed her wet thighs as her climax subsided. Then she moved, reluctantly, off of me.

We lay on our sides, facing each other, naked, her arm draped over my hip, mine tucked in between us caressing the surface of her flushed breast and beating heart. We slept on top of the bedspread, waking with the light of the streetlamp shining through the window.