 "God I haven't gotten laid in forever!" Leslie exclaimed, digging through her closet.

"Let's hope we can get lucky tonight." Kayla responded, picking up a mini skirt and throwing it at Leslie. "This what you're looking for?"

"Jesus Kayla," Leslie said, after getting hit in the face by the mini skirt. "You could have at least warned me."

"Wear that, the cute little lacy bralette and your fuck-me heels and you will definitely be able to bring someone home." Kayla rolled her eyes at Leslie digging for the bralette. "You know, if you kept your room in better order, you'd be able to find things easier."

"Fuck off." Leslie said, waving a dildo in Kayla's general direction for emphasis. 

Kayla laughed and then headed to her own apartment to get ready for the concert. She stripped down and hopped in the shower, excitement to see her favorite band running through her veins. 

I'm so glad it is in a bar. Kayla thought while soaping her body up. Way more intimate of a venue. 

Kayla got to her breasts while soaping, and pinched her nipples. I've got some time. Leslie won't be ready for awhile still. Kayla kept pinching her nipples and rolling them between her fingers. The desire shot straight between her legs and Kayla let out a little moan. 

She let her hands wander from her breasts down to between her legs. She teased herself, rubbing her clit, and plunging her fingers inside her. She let out a louder moan.

"Need some help?" Kayla hear her friend Leslie's voice.

"Oh fuck!" Kayla exclaimed, nearly falling over in the shower. 

"Yeah, that's kind of the idea." Leslie responded, stripping down, and climbing in the shower with her.

"Leslie, I'm not... I mean, I don't... I like men." Kayla finally stuttered out, as she felt Leslie's hands massage her breasts and pinch her nipples. It felt especially erotic with the hot water running over her, and Kayla was already very close to orgasm.

"Maybe you should experiment a little." Leslie responded, leaning down and taking one of Kayla's nipples in her mouth. Kayla moaned loudly. She felt Leslie smile around her nipple. 

Leslie switched her mouth to the other nipple, while letting her hand wander down to play with Kayla's clit. Leslie rubbed vigorously, and Kayla continued her chorus of moans. 

"Oh, oh, I'm going to cum." Kayla said, breathless. Leslie continued to vigorously rub her clit, and right as she felt Kayla's body tighten in the beginning throes of orgasm, she plunged the fingers of her other hand into the opening of Kayla's pussy. Kayla cried out loudly in ecstasy. Leslie continued to finger fuck her through her orgasm, and kept rubbing Kayla's clit until Kayla's body sagged and relaxed. Leslie turned the shower off while Kayla recovered from her earth shattering orgasm.

"Holy shit." Kayla said, once she came out of the fog of orgasmic bliss.

"I take it that you enjoyed that?" Leslie smirked at her.

"Uh, yeah, I would say so." Kayla responded giddily. "Why do we need men again?"

"Oh don't worry, after the concert, I'll show you how much more fun women are, but we have to go or we are going to be late!" Leslie smacked Kayla on the ass for emphasis.

"Okay, okay, I'm going!" Kayla giggled, admiring Leslie's naked body as she toweled herself dry.

"Go!" Leslie exclaimed, shooing Kayla to get herself ready again.

Kayla took only 15 minutes to get herself ready, not bothering with makeup, knowing that she didn't need to pick anyone up at the concert like she thought she had. Kayla liked the thought of coming home with Leslie to continue her experimentation. 

Leslie and Kayla climbed into their Uber for their 15 minute drive to the bar where the concert was being held. 

"Kayla, stop looking at me like that." Leslie said.

"I just can't help it, I feel like I am seeing you in a whole new light." Kayla responded earnestly.

"Oh, you haven't seen anything yet." Leslie said mischievously. 

"Oh?" Kayla asked, as Leslie looked out the window at their surroundings. 

"We have about ten minutes before we get there." Leslie said, and pulled Kayla in for a deep kiss. Leslie put her tongue in Kayla's mouth and took Kayla's hands, guiding them down to her nipples. Kayla needed very little prompting, and put her hands in the lacy bralette that Leslie was wearing, quickly finding her nipples and pinching them. Leslie moaned into the kiss and Kayla took that as a sign to pinch harder. Releasing the kiss, Leslie pushed Kayla's head down to suck her nipples.

Leslie made eye contact with the driver in the rearview mirror, winked at him, and turned a little bit, giving him a better view of her naked breasts and the back of Kayla's head sucking them. Leslie put her own hands up her mini skirt to feel how wet and ready she was. Pushing Kayla's head down farther she made her make contact with her dripping wet pussy.

"Leslie?" Kayla questioned, apprehensive about being so close to another woman. 

"Shh Kayla, it's okay." Leslie whispered, and grabbed Kayla by the back of the head and shoved it into her pussy. Kayla slowly licked up her slit, and Leslie moaned. Somehow the apprehension of a beginner was sexier than someone who was experienced. "Yeah, lick it." Leslie hissed.

Kayla licked and found Leslie's clit. Unsure how long they had, she decided to try what brought her to orgasm fastest. She gave one more lick up the length of her pussy and then zeroed in on Leslie's clit. She took Leslie's clit into her mouth and sucked hard on it, nipping at it occasionally. This was evidently the right thing to do, as Leslie let out a muffled scream of pleasure, and it was nearly like a flood of pussy juice came and coated Kayla's face as Leslie humped against her face. 

Leslie went limp and Kayla continued licking her friend's pussy, enjoying the taste and attempting to clean her up. 

They heard a cough from the front seat.

"We are here." The driver said.

[END PART ONE]