 I found myself giggling in the dressing room. The smart little indigo A-line dress I'd found looked just too good, and I suddenly felt like I was twenty again. It showed most of my forty-something feminine curves, but not all of them, just the right ones. When I caught my eye in the mirror I laughed out loud and girlishly covered my smile. I twirled my long auburn hair up into a quick bun, and I have to say I looked amazing. I hadn't felt this giddy in a surprisingly long time. I hadn't really made any unnecessarily extravagant purchases in the four years since my divorce, and I'd gone shopping for a nice dress as a sort of reward to myself. Now, standing in front of the mirror looking like a million bucks, I thought, why stop now. 

I had the girl hold the dress for me and went down a floor to find some matching shoes. And wouldn't you know they had the most darling pair of ankle strap sandals in almost the exact color. And when the up escalator put me off right in front of lingerie, I decided to go the full distance, and bought a lovely lacey bra and panty set in lavender, and yes, the matching garter belt. Then some new stockings and I was positively radiant with self-satisfaction as I blithely signed the receipt without even looking at the total.

There actually was a reason for the purchase if you want to know. The daughter of a family friend was getting married, and while I really wasn't terribly interested in attending, my own daughter Ariel, who'd been friends with the bride to be since grade school, was asked to be a bridesmaid, and she talked me into coming along. I'm almost positive all three of them, my friend Linda, her daughter Stacy, and Ariel, were in cahoots to find me another love, or maybe just another lover, but I wasn't terribly interested in that either.

My former husband and I split up after twenty-odd years once we were financially able to get Ariel, our youngest, safely through the last two years of college. It was an amicable parting, sort of. We'd grown apart like so many do, and he'd had a small affair with someone, but then I'd also strayed towards the end on the odd business trip, so I couldn't really hold anything against him. We both came away with an odd mix of jealousy, guilt, and a sort of frustrated empathy. No anger or tears, but it wasn't like we laughed about it in hindsight, and we weren't going to be able to be buddies anytime soon.

In the years afterwards I was almost shocked at how easy it was for a moderately attractive woman to get laid. I thought I might play the field a little, but it was more like beating them back with a stick. And after a few torrid fucks to get it out of my system, followed by a few short-term lovers to test my heart, I found the whole thing to be emotionally empty, despite how pleasurable the cock was. Pretty soon I'd slipped into the comfortable routine of a well-mannered dildo and every woman's Prince Charming, a wand.

So with some initial reservation I agreed to accept the invitation, with my own understanding that it would lead to absolutely nothing. But even if I wasn't on the make, I decided if I was going to do it, I should do it right. I'd gotten enough experience back on the dating scene to know how to keep the upper hand, and showing up looking like I needed to be placed on a pedestal was step number one. Get the jackals fighting amongst themselves for my attention, and the advantage always stays with me.

I didn't see Ariel at all before the ceremony, and only briefly afterwards at the start of the reception, but she had the same laugh out loud reaction I did. "Holy shit, mom! You look incredible!" Even my friend Linda's eyes popped when I saw her in the receiving line, as did her husband's unfortunately, and for a moment I thought maybe I'd overdone it with the pearl choker and my up-do. But it was basically just a playful little ensemble that I happened to look spectacular in, so I let the worry wash and allowed myself to bask a bit.

Being without a guest, I was put at the singles slash awkward table, and I did my best to get through dinner without being too encouraging or distracting to my male companions. This unfortunately meant I had my glass to my lips a little more often than I otherwise may have in repeated attempts to forestall certain conversations, and I was already feeling it once the toasts and speeches began. Finally, after the first dance was out of the way, I made a somewhat wobbly beeline over to sit with Ariel and her fellow bridesmaids at their table, most of whom it turned out I actually knew. There was Jackie, another childhood friend of hers, and two of her friends from college, Paige and Becca who I'd met when I took them all out to dinner during a visit her senior year. But since Ariel and Jackie had both brought dates, I soon found myself alone with Paige and Becca, who seemed perfectly content to sit on the sidelines.

"You look spectacular, Ms. Evers!" Paige said with a big smile as soon as my daughter had flitted away. I smiled my appreciation and sat up in a playful display of pride, twirling my shoulders a bit. 

"Why thank you!" I beamed, "and might I say you ladies look lovely in your maids apparel." They both rolled their eyes for a second before realizing the impropriety of it, then bowed their heads in an equally impish expression of gratitude. Becca glanced at Paige and said in a low voice, "I can't wait to get out of it." I just smiled and gave her a maternal wink of understanding.

"I have to thank you for letting me join you," I said in equal confidence, "I'm pretty sure my invite was intended to serve as a potential match-making opportunity by the bride's mother, and quite possibly my daughter as well. But as wonderful as I feel in this get up, I'm not, as they say, on the prowl. It is sanctuary I seek among you." I raised my glass, and they joined me, my new-found allies.

"We kind of feel the same way," Paige said. "I mean, we're happy for Stacy, and glad to be a part of it, but this isn't exactly our scene." We all three scanned the room for a moment or two, looking out over the dance floor and the surrounding tables. Most of the younger crowd were out on the floor, and a few of the next older generation as well. Across the way I could sense if not actually see several sets of male eyes on me, and I did my best to avoid any sort of bodily cue of interest. 

"They're looking at you," Paige said, with a hint of curiosity, perhaps wondering if I really meant to hide.

"I know," I said, "and I'm doing my best to ignore them." Turning back to the table I confided, "I wanted to look so good tonight, you know? Because I really haven't done this in a while. I just, I forgot what a pack of wolves they can be."

"You really aren't interested in them, are you?" Paige asked, adding, "Despite how gorgeous you look. I kinda feel sorry for all those men over there."

I just smiled and started to giggle. "I feel so amazing in this dress! But I don't really know why I'm doing it. I guess I just wanted to be 100% woman again."

"Ms. Evers," Becca said before I interrupted her. "Please, girls, feel free to call me Jess."

"Okay," she continued after a pause, "You're more experienced in these sort of things..." I interrupted again.

"Honey," I said in mock offense, the drink beginning to dictate my sense of humor, "Are you calling me old? Now I insist you call me Jess!" I think I caught her of guard with my jest, and felt a little bad when I she stammered an apology. 

"Oh my gosh, no! Not at all!," she blurted, "My god, you're beautiful! I mean, I'm sorry, I just was going to say, or ask I guess, um, Jess..." Paige put a cautious hand over hers and tried to catch her eye. "I was just going to ask, how long is appropriately long enough for us to stay here before we can maybe slip away?"

"You're reading my mind, sweetheart," I said, "I was thinking the exact same thing." They gave each other a slightly odd look, and somewhere in the back of my blurry mind I was beginning to put two and two together. It was a pretty conservative crowd here, and maybe these two were here without dates and weren't dancing because they were actually together. I gave it a little think and made a suggestion.

"Maybe if you two ease out onto the dance floor and make your way over to the bride, you could give your final congrats for the evening and quietly ease away. I mean, you know, not together, but you know, together." My turn to be embarrassed, and they both smiled at my insinuation. "I'm gonna get up and do the same with the bride's parents, and try to sneak myself out of here unscathed. Sound like a plan?"

They nodded and started laughing. As a way to cover my gaff I said, "Tell you what. If you can make it to the hotel bar in ten minutes I'll buy you a drink. Probably just a small one for me, though." I wasn't ready for the night to end quite yet, but I was ready to get away from all the eyes on me, since the longer I stayed the hungrier those eyes would get. We all agreed and stood up, smoothing our dresses. "And we're off!"

It took me longer than I expected to give my best to Linda, having been intercepted along the way twice by insistent if not harmless hounds, but I was eventually able to say the proper words and make a proper exit, somewhat to her surprise. But fifteen minutes later I was heading across the lobby for my rendezvous when I encountered the girls heading my way in the opposite direction. 

"Change of plans," Paige said, confidently blocking my advance. "It super crowded in there, so we had a bottle of champagne sent up to our room, and we'd like you to tag along." In the brevity of the moment I simply agreed. What she'd said made perfect sense, and her plan was a reasonable one. It did, however, occur to me that these girls were probably not yet living a lifestyle that could afford room service champagne. So the only thing out of place in my mind was the tab.

"Okay," I said enthusiastically, "as long as it's my treat!" I don't think they understood the intended meaning, because they just laughed again and spun me around, each taking an arm and escorting me to the elevators.

There was a couple in the car with us on the way up who got on after us, punching a lower floor than the one the girls hit. We were against the back wall, and in my periphery I could see Paige and Becca take each others hand. When the couple got off and the doors closed, they instantly spun to each other and embraced in an incredibly passionate kiss. It didn't shock me as much as it caught me off guard, at least the intensity of it.

"Oh hey!" I said, "Hello! Now that's what I call a kiss!" Their lips parted, and I think they were taken aback by my reaction, uncertain. I just smiled back. "Don't stop on my account. Pretend I'm not here." I'm not sure what they thought about that either, so I just shut up and they just held hands until the door opened. I tried to make amends by way of conversation as we walked down the hall.

"So, that must a have been bit of a tortuous evening for you two then?" They looked back and smiled, but said nothing. "I'm sorry," I said, earnestly, and they stopped. "I'm sorry, I didn't know you were a couple. I mean, I kind of figured there was something up, but I didn't really put it together and I'm pretty buzzed, and I feel kind of stupid." What I didn't say was that I also felt confused and more than a little turned on. Watching these two beautiful girls, young women I should say, share such a sensual and heartfelt kiss had me extremely turned on. But these were my daughter's friends! What was I thinking?? And here I am, slightly drunk, following them to their hotel room, and making an ass of myself in the process.

They led me inside and the two of them immediately hugged each other tightly, then looked over to me. "It's fine Ms. Ev-, Jess," Paige said, "really, it's just fine." I still felt silly, and my body language must have conveyed that.

"Would you like a hug, too?" Becca asked, and I nodded. They both came over and enveloped me in a wonderful wash of perfume, satin, and soft, feminine warmth. I felt my heart and my body melt, but my pulse immediately shot through the roof. I was about ready to just fall over when the knock on the door startled all of us. Paige went to the door and quickly took the bucket and glasses from the young man, handing him a tip produced from I don't know where.

"Oh hey," I said, "I thought we agreed that would be my treat." 

Paige just looked at me for a second, then smiled. "Oh that's what you meant! It's ok, we charged it to the wedding party. They said we could go wild this weekend. So let's!"

She popped the cork and a nice little stream of foam spilled onto her hands. She shook them off, giggling, and filled the glasses, handing them out as she did. Becca raised her glass. "To going wild!" she said, and we all repeated the toast and emptied our flutes.

Becca put her glass down and said, "Now if you'll excuse me, there's something I've needed to do for some time now," and she reached behind her and unzipped her gown, stepping out of it as it fell to the floor while kicking off her heels, leaving her entirely naked in front of us. No bra, no panties, her straight blond hair resting just past the shoulders of her petite, athletic frame. Then she reached behind Paige and unzipped her dress as well, producing the same result. Paige was a bit taller, nearly as tall as me with similarly dark hair, and every bit as athletically built as her girlfriend, with more substantial c-cup breasts. And suddenly there I was, a woman of a certain age, fully clothed, slightly drunk, in the hotel room of two extremely attractive and extremely young, naked lesbians. And then it just happened, before I could even gauge the right or wrong of it. Both girls encircled me with their arms and Paige put her fingers to my chin, directing me towards her kiss. 

In mere seconds their hands went to work on my dress, sending it to the floor, followed almost immediately by my bra, liberating my ample breasts. Becca lowered her lips to them, lighting my nipples on fire. I stood there, almost foolishly, with my arms pinned to my sides by their bodies as their hands traversed every part of me within reach. When they converged between my legs and slipped beneath my panties, my knees buckled, and they had to catch me from falling. Becca moved behind me to take my weight as Paige dropped to her knees and put her pretty face between my legs. With her partner propping me up, she slipped my panties aside and put her tongue to my pussy, exquisitely devouring me with just the right amount of attention to each eager part. I couldn't tell you the last time someone had gone down on me, but I can assure you it was nowhere near as amazing as this. This girl sure as hell knew how to please a woman, and I found myself wondering what else I was in store for, now that my bisexual floodgates, or were they lesbian, had been opened.

Becca eased me back to the edge of the bed and lay me down, kissing me deeply while her hands played across my breasts. Paige, still on her knees, removed the rest of my lingerie and stockings, caressing my thighs with her hands and mouth, teasing me a little before placing her lips again to my now aching pussy. Their feminine touch was amazing. It seemed so delicate and perfect; soft but still passionate and hungry, and without the sort of brutish urgency of a man. For the next several minutes I just lay there reveling in their indulgence of me, before Paige's miracle tongue brought me up slowly to a long and gradually expanding orgasm that grew and grew within me until it finally burst through body, making me shake and shiver beneath their obliging lips and hands. It was like they'd opened a door to a whole new world of pleasure and comfort, and as the ripples of my orgasm faded to soft echoes, I felt so warm and perfect that a little tear trickled down my cheek.

That overwhelming emotion, however, was soon replaced by overwhelming arousal as the two of them, having initially focused on pleasing me, now turned their attentions to pleasing themselves. Paige climbed up on top of me, pressing her whole body against mine and kissing me, giving me a taste of my own sex on her lips, something else I hadn't realized I'd missed until that moment. I reached up and gave her perfect little peaches a good squeeze, rolling her nipples between my fingers, and she responded by pushing her tongue deep into my mouth. It was just so fucking wanton I could barely stand it. Becca pressed her face in and stole Paige's kisses from me, and they both sat up over me, kissing and caressing each other. Becca's parted thighs were just next to my head, and I rolled slightly over to explore her, first with tentative caresses from my fingers, but then by shifting further over to her, with my mouth, kissing my way up her soft young skin to her pale pink slit, not knowing exactly what I would do when I reached it, but hoping some sort of instinct would take over.

Instead, Paige pressed Becca back onto her elbows, and descended to join me between her thighs. I'd just given my first tentative vaginal kiss when I felt her face next to mine, smiling as she watched my tongue ease forward for a taste.

"Why, Jess," she teased, "You naughty, naughty pussy licker, you!! Doesn't my baby girl taste divine? Get your mouth in there, honey, and have a good taste." I felt her hand on the back of my head as she pressed me onto Becca, and my mouth closed around the entirety of her cute little slit, my tongue slipping into her viscid opening. I'm not sure how genuine Becca's vocal encouragement was, but she sighed and purred as she rocked her hips to direct my attentions, up and down at first, then holding for me to focus on her tiny hooded clit, my tongue running little laps around it until it grew weak. Out of either impatience or envy Paige pulled me back and put her own tongue on her lover's now glistening pussy, and I watched as she hungrily and quickly brought her to orgasm, her thighs flexing against both of us as her body trembled. This was just too much fun, watching these beautiful girls suck and cum and devour each other, and I felt like it was only going to get better.

Paige sat up and positioned her open legs between Becca's, their pussies aligned so that they could grind onto each other. I crawled up a little further next to Becca to watch, and helped myself to the girlish rise of her tiny breasts, first caressing, then kissing, then sucking her rosy nipples into tiny hard pebbles. Seeing Paige grind onto Becca, it seemed as if this was how real lesbian fucking took place, rubbing cunt on cunt, oscillating their hips back can forth. Their moans had changed from playful and pleasant to deep and fervent, and their pretty faces held the furrowed looks of extremely intense pleasure. There was no other word for it: they were fucking the hell out of each other. And big strong Paige started making the most darling little high-pitched squeaks as she started to cum. So fucking cute and so fucking hot at the same time, and as I lay there next to them, I fingered myself as I enjoyed the show.

And so it went like this for at least another hour, maybe more. We'd maneuver ourselves into pleasant positions and finger and kiss and lick each other into various states of mutual ecstasy. I rubbed pussies with both of them, first on the bottom but then on top, and each time it was amazing, so intimate and primal. At one point I was on my knees between Paige's legs with my ass elevated, and felt the indescribable pleasure of Becca's tongue on my anus, first just licking it in broad, flat strokes, but then pressing it into me, literally tongue-fucking my ass while she rubbed my clit from underneath. Holy shit, that was amazing. I'd tried anal before without too much pleasurable success, but I'd never had a man worship my ass the way she did with such sensual abandon. Also, and to my amazement, it seems Becca's precious little pussy could accommodate all of Paige's fist, something that all but transported her beyond consciousness. I let them try it with me but couldn't quite manage it, although just by getting four fingers deep into me I could see how good it would feel to have my vagina stretched and relaxed and filled so completely.
