 The nameplate was definitely too much, she thought. The stenciled capital letters read ALANA DIERDEN in black font surrounded by the faux gold plaque. It was supposed to have been a low budget indie film, and she had asked to be treated with the same accommodations as her costars. But the cry for inattention went unheeded as evidenced by her name exclaimed across her trailer door. Come to think of it, did anyone else even have a trailer? Well, no matter, success comes at a price. Alana slipped on her Gucci SA '15 shades paired nicely with her oversized Ferragamo sunhat to protect her fragile features from the glare of the LA morning sun. Quixote wanted to shoot at an ungodly 4 AM to capture the sunrise. It was now almost 9, but Alana had run out of valium the night before and decided instead to get a morning mimosa instead of battling her eyelids for a catnap. 

She'd given Lucy the day off but was regretting it immensely as she realized she still needed to send her mother a birthday card. As she passed Sunset, she glanced at a display of magazines arranged neatly in a corner kiosk. There she was, her smiling mug plastered on the cover of Elle. Of course they had sent her the edition two weeks prior along with a transcript of the interview on page 4. She made an effort to avoid looking at any other magazine covers, as advised by her shrink, Dr. Steiner. Let's just get that drink she told herself, walking briskly to her favorite cocktail lounge, La Sur. 

The door was only a couple steps away, the mimosa only a couple more. Alana was so absorbed in anticipation that she didn't notice a wayward leg obstructing her path. She stumbled and thanked her lucky stars that she was sporting her ergonomical Prada pumps instead of her Louboutins. Even so, she was furious.

"Sorry sweetheart, didn't see you there- Alana?" said a voice from behind her.

Alana turned around. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. A skinny girl who looked way too young to be drinking was sitting on a lawn chair behind an opaque glass patio table. Three empty glasses, the ice not yet melted, encompassed her. The fourth was in her hand. Her eyes were concealed by black wayfarers, but Alana recognized that white pearly smile with one dimple. 

***

Alana watched as Frederick stared intently at the mirror, taking great care in tweezing any stray hairs that had grown in the middle of his eyebrows. 

"Frederick, why don't you let me just wax it for you?" Alana asked. 

"I want it to look natural. People can always tell when you've had your eyebrows waxed." Frederick replied, still precisely trying to grab each hair at the root.

"So what? For one it hurts less. And you've been taking up the vanity for thirty minutes now!"

Frederick didn't respond, too focused on searching for any hairs he might have missed. 

"I can't even see anything!" Alana yelled impatiently. "I need to do my hair and face!"

"And... done." Frederick said, switching off the vanity light. "All yours babe." He gave Alana a little smile as he sat up from the chair, which Alana returned with a scowl. 

She sat down and took out her curlers. Her honey blonde hair danced around her. She started her makeup routine, powdering her face with foundation. "Zip me, would you?" she asked Frederick.

Frederick zipped the dress halfway, but suddenly stopped. Alana looked at him in the mirror to find him admiring himself and primping his gelled hair. 

"Are you fucking kidding me!" Alana yelled at him. Frederick snapped out of his trance and got back to the task of zipping the black ball gown. 

"You went with the white?" He asked Alana. She was coloring in her eyebrows, but stopped and turned around. 

"You don't like it?" she asked him. 

"Hon, I get one chance at impressing Seychelles. You, prancing around like a high class escort is not going to make me look good." He said, back to fawning over his reflection. 

"What the fuck did you just say?" Alana asked, glaring back at him. Her black eyeliner made her gaze look even more fierce. 

Frederick looked up at the ceiling and sighed. "Nothing honey, its just that the blue was a little classier." Alana turned around and carefully applied a crimson lipliner to the border of her lips. Frederick looked at his gorgeous girlfriend up and down and put his hands on her shoulders. "Is there something underneath that you want to show daddy?" he asked.

Alana put her makeup back in its case, switched off the vanity lights and got up in a huff. "The whole fucking night costs extra." 

Frederick threw his hands up and groaned. "Ugh, baby I didn't mean it like that. You look fantastic." 

But Alana was already out the door. She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the window of the limo. She really did look beautiful. The shimmering white strapless gown complemented her bronzed skin. Eh, I'd do me. She thought. The chauffeur opened the door and helped her slide in. 

"You look lovely tonight, miss" he said, giving her a warm smile. Alana was about to respond but Frederick rushed in and threw the chauffeur a couple of twenties. 

"Listen pal, we're running pretty late, mind skipping a couple of red lights?" he asked as he got in. 

"I'll see what I can do." The chauffeur said as he closed the door. He ran around the car, got in the front seat and screeched off of the curb. Alana lurched forward, but regained her composure as she adjusted her center of gravity to the speeding car.

"Give me your compact." 

"What?" 

"Your compact. Your compact!" Frederick urged. He was desperately trying to smooth an invisible strand of hair.

"I don't see anything, you look very handsome." Alana said.

"Just give me the fucking compact!" Frederick yelled. Alana fiddled with her clutch and took out a small golden Guerlain compact mirror. Frederick turned on the car light and smoothed his hair over repeatedly. Alana rolled her eyes and looked out the window.

L.A. was beautiful at this time of night. No amount of flashing lights could compare to the sparkling glamor that was the city of angels. She gazed dreamily, thanking her lucky stars. 

"Around the back please." Frederick directed. Alana saw the crowd of hungry paparazzi at the front of the club, looking for a tasty tidbit of gossip, scandal, wardrobe malfunction. 

"Who's party is this anyways?" she asked Frederick, who was finally satisfied with his image. He reached out his hand to return the compact.

"I don't know, some writer's I think. Listen, if you see Seychelles, TEXT ME." Frederick implored. He held on to Alana's hand for added emphasis.

"Ok! Jesus..." Alana said, snatching her compact back into her clutch.

"And none of that. We are a happy, young couple who can't keep their hands off each other." 

"Right. How could I forget." Alana rolled her eyes. Frederick ignored her quip.

The chauffeur opened the door for Frederick, who in turn opened the door for Alana giving his hand for her to take.

"Ready?"

Alana answered by taking his hand. Frederick put his arm around her waist, and they walked to the back door. The bouncer let them in to a sea of shimmering gowns and black tuxes. 

"There are so many people." Alana gasped.

"Yes hon, it's a party- Oh shit." Frederick said, smiling at a passing bystander at the same time. The tall, dark and handsome stranger came up to them at Frederick's beckon. 

"Freddy! Wow it's been ages! And who is this?" he enquired, looking at Alana lustily. His gaze wandered down until it settled on her bust for a couple seconds before moving back to her face. Frederick pulled Alana closer to him, almost protectively.

"Hi Eric, it's been way too long. This is my girlfriend, Alana."

Eric took Alana's hand and kissed it. "Wow, how'd you snag this beauty?"

Frederick, anxious to change the subject asked, "So Eric, is that Ferragamo?" alluding to Eric's velvet tuxedo jacket. 

"No, no Dior." Eric replied, still smiling at Alana. 

Thankfully Alana spotted a familiar face. She undid Frederick's grasp on her and excused herself.

"Excuse me gentlemen, I have to go say hi to a friend."

Frederick grabbed her arm and looked at her knowingly. "Ok Alana, but you might get lost. Remember to keep your phone on." 

Alana gave him a small smile and fled from her company as fast as decorum would allow. 

"Selena!"

Alana approached a woman with long jet black hair. She was decked in a red ballgown that contoured to her body just until under her butt, when it flared. The woman turned around. The sequins on the dress sparkled when she moved.

"Alana! How are you?" Selena asked. They exchanged air kisses on either cheek.

"I'm fine. Have you seen Mr. Seychelles anywhere? Frederick is dying to meet him."

"Oh boy, stars in his eyes again, huh?" Selena arched an eyebrow. 

"You know Frederick, always trying to climb the social rungs of the ladder that is Hollywood."

"Hm. Well I haven't seen him, but come, I want to introduce you to some friendly folk." Selena said and ushered Alana deeper into the swarm of A-listers. Alana grabbed a flute glass of champagne from a hovering tray and glugged it down.

They approached a small group of people consisting mostly of middle aged men and their wives and/or mistresses. 

Selena addressed one of the gentlemen in particular, "Hi Sean, don't you look dapper!" She batted her eyelashes and flashed a smile.

He was a portly man, bald, with a stern gaze. On his arm was a gorgeous twenty-something who only spoke when he gave a cue, "Selena! So nice to see you. Have you met Evelyn?"

The twenty-something smiled coyly and shook Selena's hand. 

"And who is your friend?" Sean asked, nodding his head at Alana.

"I'm Alana Dierden." Alana said reaching out her hand to shake his. He took it and kissed it, taking a little too long. When her hand was finally returned, Alana could still feel the slobber. 

"Sean Tyler." The man finally said and gave a yellow grin. "So Alana, what do you do?"

"I'm an actress. I'm actually here with my boyfriend, maybe you know him? Frederick Dawson-" Alana felt a sharp pinch on her lower back. 

"I see." Sean replied, his smile receding back into his stern gaze.

"Sean, honey, will you excuse us for a moment," Selena said, to which Sean merely waved his hand. 

When they were out of earshot, Selena spat into Alana's ear, "What the fuck Alana?"

"Selena, that hurt like a bitch!"

Selena sighed and pursed her lips. "Ok. There's no easy way to say this, but when you talk to old horny directors, you are a single naïve actress willing to do anything to get a role in his film."

"What the hell? I'm not a whore! And Frederick is my boyfriend-"

"You don't actually have to do anything with them, you just have to... make them think that you would." 

Alana grabbed another glass of champagne and downed that as well. Selena took her arm.

"Ok, let's try this again. This time, Freddy's out of the picture, got it?" 

As Selena whisked her onto the next mark, Alana spotted a skinny girl at the bar. The only reason Alana made her out amidst the sea of faces was because she was sporting a baggy t-shirt, ripped jeans, and ratty white sneakers as her evening wear. She was talking to a group of people who seemed to hang on her every word. 

Alana tried to overhear some of the conversation but Selena tugged her away. The girl and her posse became obscured as the crowd closed in again. 

"Lee, Jasper good to see you two!" Selena's voice echoed from a distance as Alana returned to her present company. She didn't know which of the two men was Jasper or Lee, but each had a similar "Evelyn" beside them. 

"Hi Selena, you look stunning." One of them said. He didn't bother introducing his date, who didn't mind the oversight at all. 

"Yeah, no disagreements there." The other one agreed, eyeing her. "What is that Oscar de la Renta?"

"Yes it is! I saw him at Cannes and he wanted me to wear him to di Mona's... so here we are!"

Jasper or Lee smiled, "Well if you want, you can wear me after..." Alana almost gagged.

"Oh Jasper!" Selena said, playfully swatting his chest. "Anyways, I wanted to introduce my friend, Alana"

"Pleasure to meet you." Alana said, wary of extending her hand. 

"Hey guys, smile for the camera?" a voice behind her said. Alana took her place next to Jasper, who put his arm around her, a little too low for comfort. 

Jasper gripped her ass and whispered in her ear, "So, how about you, me and Selena have a little party in the bathroom?"

"Say cheese!"

Alana slapped him and pushed him away. 

"You bitch, what the fuck?" Jasper exclaimed holding his cheek. Selena grabbed Alana as she was walking away.

"What happened now?!" she asked. But Alana didn't hear her. The crowd had opened up again and she could see the girl still entertaining her audience. They were absolutely enamored. 

"Hello?!" Selena waved a hand in front of Alana's face. Alana snapped out of her trance.

"That creep grabbed my ass!" 

Selena looked taken aback, "He did?"

And if the moment wasn't overwhelming enough, Frederick burst through and grabbed Alana's arm. "Have you seen him? What are you doing?"

Alana's bottom lip was quivering, "Frederick I want to leave. Now."

Frederick looked into her eyes with concern, "Why what happened? Are you okay?"

"No I'm not. Some creepy director just molested me. I've been leered at all night. I just want to go home."

Frederick sighed and smiled. "Oh phew, I thought you'd been hurt or something."

"Frederick didn't you hear me? Some lech just grabbed my ass!"

"Well duh, honey. You're an attractive woman."

"That doesn't give them any right to do that! You're okay with this?!"

"Ugh, it doesn't mean anything. Listen, if you see Seychelles don't worry about me, just let him do what he wants to do."

Alana grabbed a glass of champagne and splashed it in his face. She looked back at the bar. The girl had grabbed her coat and was almost at the exit. Alana didn't know what it was but she had to talk to her. Alana tried to follow suit, but she had to get through a barrage of celebrities first. When she finally made her way outside, she realized she was too late when she saw a black Lincoln speeding away.

She couldn't hold it in any longer. She started to sob, overwrought with the events of the night. 







"Hey. Are you alright?"

Alana turned around to a pair of big, droopy, dark brown eyes. Alana wiped away her tears quickly and smiled. It was her. 

She was leaning against a wall, casually smoking a cigarette. She blinked, revealing the longest eyelashes Alana had ever seen on a human being. The girl raised her eyebrows, and it was then Alana realized that she was still waiting on a response.

"Yeah, I'll be okay."

The girl, although still concerned, smiled back, uncovering a row of little white teeth that looked blinding against her tanned skin. She had one dimple on the left side of her cheek. Alana stared at her, scanning each of her perfect features in awe. A warm L.A. breeze bothered her t-shirt, which rippled over her skinny frame. She had straight, mid-length, dark brown hair she had gathered to one side of her neck. 

"I'm happy to hear that." She said. She looked at her phone while taking drags off the cigarette in her other hands. Alana steeled herself to turn around to face the street. 

She couldn't have been more than 17 or 18. What was she doing here? How could she possibly ask that without sounding rude or nosy? 

"Do you want a smoke?"

Alana turned around again. She didn't smoke. 

"Sure, I'm dying for one."

The girl offered her a pack of Marlboros. Alana selected the one that was sticking out and desperately hoped she wouldn't choke on the noxious fumes. 

"Need a light?" the girl asked, taking out a black zippo. 

"Right." Alana replied. Alana had only smoked once before in high school, just to see what it felt like. The girl came closer and opened the windbreaker. They were inches apart. The flame from the lighter danced and brightened the girl's furrowed brow. Alana wanted to keep the closeness for a few seconds longer and held her breath. The girl was staring intently at Alana's cigarette. She was getting frustrated after the cigarette refused to light. Her thick eyebrows accentuated her brooding eyes. Her bow-like lips were pursed in concentration.

"Jeez. Here, take mine." She took the cigarette out of her mouth and handed it to Alana. It was pretty much like a kiss right? Her mouth was on the cigarette and now Alana put her lips to it. That counted right? Alana inhaled slightly and did her best not to cough out the disgusting tar flavor. She decided she would just keep it between her fingers to feign a break between drags.

She watched as the girl lit her cigarette with ease.

"Huh. Weird." The girl said. "So what got you feeling so blue?"

Alana sighed, "Just some handsy directors. I know, I should be used to it by now."

The girl scowled, "Are you fucking serious, who was it?"

"Jasper something. I don't remember his last name. It's really okay-"

"Jasper fucking Evans." The girl said, gritting her teeth.

"Oh, you know him?"

"Of course. I invited him, which was a big mistake apparently."

Alana's eyes widened, "Wait so you threw this party?"

The girl's anger melted and turned into that signature smile, "Yes, I should've introduced myself. I'm Bella di Mona."