 She was standing at the bar in a white leather mini skirt and a hot pink bikini top. She looked to be about 22, with long blonde hair. She was maybe 5’6” with a body most women would die for. She looked to be around a 34c, with a flat tummy and a perfect butt. I‘d known girls in high school and college that had experiences with other girls, but I never felt that way, and hadn’t wanted to try anything of that nature. That is, until now. Just looking at her stirred feelings inside of me that I never knew existed. This girl was mesmerizing, and she had a look about her that screamed SEX. She caught me looking at her a couple of times, and she smiled at me. Even her smile was exciting. 

I quickly finished my drink and ordered a couple of Kamikazes. I couldn’t believe how I was feeling towards this girl. What was I thinking? I took the two shots and closed my eyes trying to block out the thoughts I was having. When I looked up, she was gone! I was saddened and relieved at the same time, because I felt that an opportunity had slipped away that would never again come to pass. But, at least she wasn’t there to tempt me. I settled back into my chair, and was about to order another drink, when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and there she was! She put out her hand and introduced herself.

“Hi, I’m Bridget” she said smiling, “what’s yours?” 

“Lisa” I said, shaking her hand and trying not to stammer.

“May I buy you a drink?” She asked. 

“Sure” I replied, and she sat down next to me. 

She told me that she had seen me walk in, and that she had to meet me. I was stunned. I had never been approached by another girl before, and I found it very exciting, but it also made me nervous. She asked me what I was doing tonight, and I told her that I was just unwinding from a very hard week at work, and that I had even had to work until 4:00 today. We talked for about an hour about our careers and what we liked and disliked, and how much we both enjoyed shopping and going out. 

We were both drinking Vodka Collins with Kamikaze chasers, and over the last hour we had become quite drunk. I could feel my inhibitions draining away as time went by. Bridget seemed to be taking every opportunity to touch me. When she first did it, I almost jumped out of my skin, because I was so attracted to her. After a few drinks, I found myself wanting her to touch my hand, my arm, my leg, or anything else she wanted. The more I looked at her the more I wanted to be with her. I was also taking opportunities to touch her and make her aware of what she was doing to me.

The conversation eventually turned to dating and sex. Now I was really getting worked up. She told me about this guy she had dated for 2 years, and that he had recently left her for someone else. She went into great detail about how great the sex was, but that it had been a superficial relationship, and that inside she knew it would never last. I told her that my dating experiences hadn’t been much better. I explained that most of the guys I had been with were looking for one thing. Even though it was enjoyable, it never lasted long enough to be truly satisfying. I even told her I had become quite accomplished at taking care of myself. 

Holding my hand and looking me right in the eyes, she told me that her last relationship had left her cold towards men, and that she had found much more enjoyment with women. “Did I just hear that?” I thought to myself. In my drunken state, I thought I’d imagined it. That is until I felt her hand rubbing up and down my thigh. She seemed to be very interested in me, and I was very interested in her. My inhibitions were just about gone now, and my brain was giving in to the lust Bridget was generating inside of me. She leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, 

“So, are you going to let me have my way with you or what?” 

I was shocked at her being so forward, but in the state I was in, it was perfect. I don’t think I needed much more seducing anyway. I was already more aroused than I ever remember being in my 26 years. I leaned over to her and said, “Oh God yes!” 

With a very sexy look on her face, and in somewhat of a slurred voice, she said, “Then what the hell are we still doing here?” 

She took my arm and led me out to the parking lot. I told her that I was in no condition to drive. She told me that she would drive because she lived just down the street, and that she could make the trip blindfolded. When we got to her car, she grabbed me and pushed me against the passenger door. She pressed her body to mine and kissed me deeply. Her bare leg slid between my thighs as her hands worked their way around my back. She pressed her lips to mine and her hot tongue entered my mouth. Our tongues were dueling in this very deep, passionate kiss. My mind was spinning, and my body was on fire. I had never before experienced such lustful desire. 

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her closer to me as I ran my shaking hands over her perfect ass. She moaned into my mouth and then slowly pulled her lips from mine. She looked me right in the eyes and said,

“I guess we’d better get to my house and finish this”. 

She opened my door and then ran around and got in the car. I couldn’t tell if it was the alcohol or the hormones racing through my body that were causing my blurred vision and weak knees, but at this point I didn’t care. I slid into her car and leaned over to her. As we drove away, I was running my hand up and down her thigh while I kissed her neck. I then ran my hand up her incredibly soft, flat stomach to her beautiful breasts and felt them through her bikini top. They were so firm, and her nipples were getting hard.

“Would you please stop teasing me and kiss them!” she said in a very anxious voice. 

I pulled up her top and kissed her right breast. It was so soft and so warm. I couldn’t believe that I had waited so long to experience this joy. I slowly licked the nipple into my mouth and sucked on it. Mmmm, what a delightful feeling that was. Becoming more and more consumed with passion, I ran my hand up under her mini skirt. To my surprise and pleasure, she wasn’t wearing any panties. I could feel the heat emanating from her crotch, and I moaned deeply with pleasured appreciation. She told me that she hardly ever wore panties, and if she did, she wore thongs. I was glad she hadn’t worn any. I was about to slide a finger inside of her when we pulled into her driveway. 

“Mmmm baby, don’t stop now,” she moaned deeply. 

I continued sucking on her beautiful breast, and slid two fingers deep into her wet, silky pussy. It felt incredible! Even when I fingered my own, it didn’t feel this nice. I fingered her for about five minutes then pulled my fingers out of her hot velvety cunt. I put them in my mouth, and sucked them clean. It was my first taste of another girl’s pussy. I was amazed at how sweet and creamy it was. I was becoming intoxicated with Bridget, and she new it. I looked into her eyes, and they were filled with lust. She grabbed my face and pulled it to hers. It was like she was kissing me from the depths of her soul. Our tongues intertwined and our hands were all over each other. We were acting like two horny teen-agers making out in the back of Daddy’s car. When we stopped kissing, we realized that we had been making out for a half-hour, and that we were both sitting in wet spots.

We decided to adjourn to the apartment as the car was just too small to get into anything more. We couldn’t keep our hands off of each other all the way to the door of her apartment. As soon as Bridget closed the door, she began taking off her clothes. I was also in the process of doing that. Since she was barley dressed, she was naked in no time at all. I had just taken off my blouse, bra and skirt, when she pushed me against the wall, and pressed her body against mine. We locked in another soulful kiss, and our hands were exploring each other’s naked bodies. I couldn’t believe how soft her skin was, and how good it felt to touch her.

I ran my hands down to her butt and pulled her even closer to me. She moaned with delight, and did the same to me. She ran her fingers inside my panties down the crack of my ass and spread it open to finger my anus. I pushed my butt back into her hand and felt her finger slip inside. I had never experienced that before, so I jumped a little at the feeling, but I was soon begging for her to add another finger. 

As she slid another finger in my butt, she moved her other hand around front to rub me through the front of my soaked panties. When she touched my clit, it was like she shocked me. She then put her hand inside the front of my panties and slid two fingers deep inside of my dripping pussy. My juices covered her hand, as I was having one long continuous orgasm. She added two more fingers in my pussy, and I thought I was going to pass-out from shear pleasure. I came so hard, my knees buckled, and I slumped against her. 

She withdrew her fingers and licked at them like they were a melting ice-cream cone. She led me to the couch, which thankfully was only a few feet away, as I had a hard enough time standing let alone walking. I fell into her soft leather couch and was delighted at the way it formed to my body. It felt so damn sexy! Bridget knelt between my legs and started kissing up my thighs. I was consumed with lust as I watched this sexy young goddess running her hot tongue up my well-tanned thighs. She kept looking up at me. Her eyes were so sexy; I had a series of tiny orgasms from that alone. By the time she reached my crotch, I was on fire!

My pussy was drenched with anticipation as her tongue finally reached its target. She kissed my cunt through my panties till I thought I would explode. Then she removed my panties and held them to her nose and mouth. She inhaled deeply and looked at me. She had this sly little smile that was so damn sexy!

“You smell good enough to eat,” she said staring into my eyes, “So I think I will”.

She dropped my panties on the floor and lowered her head to my crotch. I could feel her hot breath on my skin, as she wrapped her soft lips around my hard clit and sucked. I had never felt anything like this before. Then I began to feel the largest orgasm I’d ever had building up inside of my body. Bridget was sucking it out of me through my clit. She began rubbing my asshole with her finger and had slid two or three fingers back inside of my hot cunt. Every muscle in my body began to contract as I was reaching my peak. She slid two fingers up my well-lubed ass, and I loved it. I had never been much into anal activity before, but after this, I was hooked. I braced myself for the most intense orgasm of my entire life! 

It started at the core of my body and rushed through my arms and legs, then came crashing back into the center of my being like a lightning bolt. My hands and feet went numb and I felt my entire body explode in ecstasy! My body was contracting and releasing so fast that I almost couldn’t breath. It felt like I had cum for an hour. When I opened my eyes, she was sitting there looking up at me from my crotch with the sexiest satisfied look on her face.

“Did you enjoy that, Lisa?” She said grinning, knowing the answer to that question.

“OH---MY---GOD!” I replied, “That was incredible! Where did you learn to do that?” 

“I just made it up as I went along, that’s what I always do.” She said almost laughingly.

She sat there slowly caressing my shaking legs, and giving them little kisses and hugs. I had finally calmed down to the point where I could begin to think again. I grabbed her hand and pulled it up to my mouth and inhaled my scent from her fingers. She had licked most of my juices off of them, but there was enough left for me to enjoy also. I pulled her up to me and kissed her soft lips. Not a hard passionate kiss, but a long soft “I think I love you” kiss. 

My tongue went slowly into her mouth, and she returned the favor. We sat there kissing for quite a while, until she began humping my leg with her wet crotch. I rolled her over on the couch, and began kissing my way down her sexy body. I was making it a point to enjoy every inch of her. I tasted, smelled and felt her entire body. I spent a long while licking and sucking on her breasts. They were so firm and her nipples were sticking straight out. I was alternating between licking one and working the other between my fingers. I began kissing down her soft, flat stomach, and the scent emanating from her crotch mixing with the sweet smell of her Roasted Hazelnut perfume was intoxicating. I covered her stomach with kisses as I worked down to her sweet pussy. She was raising her legs into the air as my mouth reached the object of my desire. 

I looked at her pussy, and it was absolutely beautiful. Her lips were perfectly shaped, and they were all creamy with the delicate nectar I had tasted earlier. Her soft wisps of blond pubic hair made a perfect path to her clit. Her inner lips were very pink, and her whole pussy was swollen with lust. I looked up from between her legs, over her tummy, and up past her tits to the most beautiful face in the world. It was the sexiest sight I had ever seen in my life. Her eyes were closed, and she was lost in passionate bliss. It was an incredible turn-on for me knowing that I had been a part of bringing her to this point of passion. That, and the fact I was about to lick the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen, was about to push me over the edge. I lowered my face and inhaled her tantalizing aroma.

As I leaned in closer, she raised her crotch to my face. My tongue slid right in and was instantly covered with the sweetest, creamiest, nectar in the universe. I thought it was good off of my fingers, but straight from the source was almost indescribable. She arched her back and shoved her pussy into my face and I stuck my tongue in as far as I could. I began rubbing her perfect butt, and she was going crazy. She started begging me to stick it in. So, wanting to please, I slid my finger in as deep as it would go and began turning it as I slid it in and out. 

She was wreathing at my touch, and I was entranced with her body. I never knew that girl/girl passion could be so intense, and that I could feel so captivated by touching another girl in this way. It was like I could do no wrong. Everything I did turned her on even more. I was sucking on her clit and sliding my tongue up and down, and in and out of her slit. I could tell she was getting ready to cum. She arched her back and grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face into her pussy. Next thing I knew, my mouth was being flooded with her juices. It was incredible! I almost couldn’t swallow it all. She kept cumming until I slowly pulled my finger from her tight ass, and my tongue from her slit. She lay there almost unconscious for about 15 minutes. 

“Who taught you to do that?” She said, as she looked up at me with a dazed but satisfied look. 

I smiled and told her that I had only done what I liked done to me. She leaned up and put her arms around my waist and kissed me deeply. We spent the rest of the night in each other’s arms snuggled together on that couch. After we enjoyed a bottle of wine and some cheese and crackers, we were completely spent. We drifted off to sleep in each other’s arms. The heat that we generated together kept us warm all night.

She lightly kissed my lips to awaken me the next morning. She smiled as she moved down to my sensitive breasts and covered them with kisses. This started another lust filled interlude of lovemaking. When we were through, we took a nice long hot shower. We spent lots of time washing and exploring every inch of each other’s bodies. We spent the rest of the day lounging around naked and making love whenever and wherever we felt like. 

I can’t believe my good fortune to have found such a wonderful person as Bridget. She is my soul mate. Our relationship is everything I have ever wanted. I just didn’t realize it would be with another girl. We are so deeply in love, and share so much in common. We have since moved in together, and spend many hot nights exploring each other’s wildest fantasies. She brings out the very best in me in life as well as in love. 

Thank you Bridget :)