 Authors Note: It's possible this is the last chapter in this particular story of mine. I think it was a fantastic way for me to enter this world of writing, and a great way for me to see if people had any interest in my writing. I think I'd like to explore other stories, but it's always possible I come back to Sarah and Ally's story one day. Thank you all for reading, commenting, and following. It really means a lot to me. 

Warnings: army, sexuality questioning, lesbian sex

*****

With just 4 weeks of my training left, the fact that I'd soon be a soldier was starting to become all too real. Once this month was up, I would be expected to be out in the field, doing what ever is needed of me. I was nervous as hell about my future, about what they would ask me to do... But to be honest with you I was more upset. I'm not sure what about. Maybe the idea of leaving this place that I had grown quite fond of, or the people with whom I had become good friends. Okay to be fair, I didn't really know anyone but Sarah, but the point is still valid. 

It was the end of the first week of my specialist training with Sarah. She invited me to her quarters to do some extra studying, and to award me a "surprise" for learning so quickly. Her words, not mine. I'm not going to lie to you, the thought of what that surprise could be really made my brain go to some... interesting places. 

Since Sarah had given me the go ahead to release some tension, I had found it a hundred times easier to concentrate. Not just on training, but my own feelings as well. Unfortunately, most of my thoughts were still occupied by Sarah. We had come to talk pretty often in the past few days, always being alone together. I found myself forgetting that we were working, training. Any time I spent with her felt like time spent with a friend.

"You're getting the hang of these moves pretty damned quick, kid." She called me kid, despite being just a year younger. 

"It's easy when you have an old master teaching you." She raises her eyes at that comment.

"I may be an old coot, but remember that I can still kick your ass with both my hands tied behind my back." She lightly nudges my shoulder. She starts getting ready to call it a day.

"Now that'd be a sight." This kind of thing has become pretty common place. For her at least. I can never seem to say the right thing when she's near me. I look up in slight regret just to see her smiling back. 

"So. You excited for your surprise? I think you'll like it."

"As long as it's not a puppy. I'm already spoken for in that division."

She laughs, and we both head out of the gym, back to our respective barracks.

I could barely eat anything at dinner. Not that I would particularly want to anyway. Their idea of meat looks like my idea of semi-hardened cement. Though today it was especially challenging. I couldn't help but think about what Sarah had planned for us tonight. It still felt kind of out of place, getting what basically amounted to a sleepover while I was in basic training. From what I had heard from the other infil specialist trainees, each handler had a different way of training their recruits. I guess I got lucky. I finished the edible parts of dinner, and headed to Sarah's quarters.

Her smallish log cabin style quarters basically felt like a second home at this point. I didn't knock again this time, fully prepared to see a changing Sarah. It happened more than once, she apparently takes her time. Instead, I see Sarah sitting on her bed, clothed. Well, pajama'd. She's wearing a white tank, and seemingly out of character pink lounge shorts. Not to say she didn't look fantastic. I'm pretty sure Sarah could make a nascar nightie and hammer pants work. 

"Hey, Ally. Come in and take a seat." She says before looking up at me. I didn't see a chair or anything, so I just sat on the floor in front of her. 

Her eyes follow me the whole way down.

"Really?" she says, looking over her black framed glasses. She only wears them at night, but they really highlight just how green her eyes are. 

"Get over here." She pats the bed next to her.

"I don't want to get your bed all dirty, I'm still in my gross ACU." 

"Well then I guess we'll have to fix that." She says back, in a mocking tone. She stands up, and goes into her dresser, pulling out some spare pajama shorts and a top. The top hangs off me slightly more than I imagined it would for Sarah, her being a bit bustier than me. It still feels nice to wear real clothes again though, and they kind of smell like her. Like fresh strawberries still in the package. 

I sit facing Sarah on her bed, and she looks back at me, a small devilish smile appearing on her lips. 

"So. Are you ready for your surprise?"

"I guess I'm ready as I'll ever be. What exactly does this have to do with training to be an infil specialist?"

"Part of being an infil is being confident. In yourself, in your intel, in your team, everything. You have GOT to be confident when you go into the field. So I'm going to help you to do that."

A small part of me is upset. I can't really tell why, but maybe I was hoping for something else. 

"Okay, so how is a sleepover going to make me more confident?"

"It's not a sleepover, you goof, it's a tactical night training session. And that's not your surprise. The surprise is that you get to ask me for help on one thing." She stares back expectantly.

"Uhhh. What? What do you mean 'help on one thing'? Like help me do my chores? Or help me with a drill?"

"You don't need help with those things. What I see in you is doubt. It comes out when we spar, it comes out in your shooting, and it comes out when you speak. You doubt yourself. So you get to ask me to help you with whatever psychological block is stopping you from being confident. Whatever that may be." 

I get what shes saying. I know what I want to ask her. I know.

"I don't know. Why would I know what is holding me back, isn't that your job?" My voice takes on a slightly accusatory, angry tone.

"Cut the shit. Look at me. Let me help you with whatever it is you've got up there." She never raises her voice. 

All my confusing thoughts and feelings start to bubble to the surface, as I start to cry. Small beads of tears collecting in the bottom of my eyelids, making my eyes feel heavy. I lower my head to try and hide it from her, but her hand reaches out and touches my chin, lifting it softly to meet her gaze. 

"Tell me."

"I've just been so messed up recently, you know? I feel like... I feel like I've told a lie that I convinced even myself to believe. That for so long I knew this part of me to be true, and then in a single moment I can't trust any thought that I've had for the last 22 years. You know that feeling when you take a test, and you're positive that you got all the answers right, but then you talk to your friend and they got a completely different answer? That feeling of doubt and uncertainty and worry? All about something you were so completely sure of. I'm just... so confused."

There are tears streaming down my cheek now. She wipes the tears away from my face and asks me one more time.

"Tell me. What do you need me to help you with."

"I need you to teach me. Teach me how to love myself. How to trust myself again."

She smiles at me. It feels like a warm blanket in a storm.

"I can do that. If you'll let me." She reaches a hand over and rests it on my cheek. 

I nod lightly.

Sarah leans her face in close to me, resting her forehead against mine. She closes her eyes, and whispers to me.

"If you ever feel like this isn't what you want, what you need, tell me."

A seeming eternity later, she leans in the final amount, gently pressing her lips into mine. She's kissing me.

And finally everything makes sense. She was all that mattered to me in this moment. My world. I am Ally Stocker, and I am a lesbian. She is Sarah Lain, and she is the reason why. 

She breaks the kiss to look at me, keeping her face nose length. Shes breathing a little harder than she was. My heart is louder than my own thoughts. She softly says to me,

"Is this what you need?"

"Just promise me... "

"Anything."

"Promise me that this isn't just for tonight. Promise me that it'll still be like this tomorrow."

She pauses for a moment. 

"Honey... It'll be like this for the rest of your life. " and with that, she resumes her previous position, tenderly kissing me into safety. She called me honey... I thought people weren't supposed to like her nicknames.

It's me who makes the next move, never being one to play passively. I shift my body and wrap my arms around her waist. She pulls a bit closer to me, and I feel her boobs press against mine through her shirt. Her nipples obviously stiff against me. It elicits the first of many moans from me, I'm sure. She takes this as a cue, and runs her hands up the back of my borrowed shirt. Her hands, so soft yet firm, lightly scratch the tender flesh of my back. The movement of the fabric reintroduces her sweet scent. She swiftly breaks the kiss and reclaims her property as she hoists the top up and over my shoulders. I move my arms up to better aid her, and as she throws the shirt to the floor, Sarah runs her hands along the length of my arms, slowly. Down my sides, resting them on my hips. 

Sarah quickly decides to follow the trend, and disrobes herself as well. To my surprise, she's not wearing a bra. As she lifts the tight top off her stomach, the fabric goes taught against her chest. She pauses for a brief second, before allowing her smooth, perky breasts to fall free. Her small pink areolas are centered by a hardened nipple just begging to be played with. It's hard not to think back to the first day I saw her, and imagined her in this exact position. If only I could have told myself just how much better it actually is. 

I can only sit and stare in awe before she grips my hands and guides them slowly up her toned, hard stomach to the bottom of her breasts. She guides my hands over them, showing me exactly what she likes, and how to do it. I quickly take back control, and give a slight squeeze, feeling the pliable fullness of them in my smaller hands. This teases out a moan from my superior, which sends a direct jolt to my dampening panties. She grips my shoulders and lays me back onto her bed, throwing her right leg in between mine. She crawls her way up to my mouth, planting a series of kisses from the lips, to the jaw, to the neck, before making her way back down to my shorts. 

She slows it down now.

Gripping the soft cotton waistband, she slowly peels the shorts off my hips, bringing the edges of my panties down a bit as well. I lift my hips to allow her access, and she meets my rising body with a soft kiss to just below my belly button. Her warm lips pressing against my increasingly sensitive body. As she pulls the shorts off of my slender legs, she holds on to my calf, kissing my smooth legs up my shin bone, past my knee, and onto my thigh. My own hands moving to my boobs and giving them a satisfying tug. She keeps her profile low, and close to me as she looks up into my eyes.

"Is this what you want?" 

I can only bite my lip and nod, the damp spot in my panties becoming more and more intolerable. 

She plants one kiss right on the dark circle of fabric. I wore my only surviving gray pair of bikini style panties and I was very happy about that decision. The gray fabric acted like a map of where my most sensitive zones were, and she charted every one of them. She kissed my outer lips, nibbled my inner thigh, and without warning, drug her tongue in between the visible part of my pussy. I tense up, and give a whiny plea for more. She has other plans, however, and she brings her face back up my tummy, and simply lays with me, head on my shoulder. 

That is, until she brings her knee up, and presses it gently at first, then with more pressure against my aching pussy. The sensation of having her lying on me, breasts against my skin, as she grinds her knee into my soaking panties was enough for me to full on yell out. I expect her to try and hush me, instead, she brings her mouth to mine and gently bites onto my bottom lip. Her long, full hair flipped to the side, as she smiles on my lips. She releases me all too soon, but resumes her nibbling on my earlobe this time, with an accompanied breathless whisper.

"All infil specialists houses are soundproofed. So moan as loud as you want, scream as loud as you need to. You're all mine tonight, and I'm going to test the limits of that voice." She plants another kiss onto my jawline before whispering again.

"You're going to earn it this time."

I hadn't noticed her hand slipping between my panties and my pussy until she grazed two fingers over my fully slick lips. 

"Oh shit." Was all I could manage. She uses her two fingers to slide up and down my folds, occasionally parting my lips and rubbing deeper inside. My hands find their way to her ass, and I hang on for dear life. Lifting from the bottom and squeezing up, she has the perfect butt to grip on to. Sarah practically rips her own shorts off, giving me more of her round, firm ass to squeeze. She must love it, as she pulls her knee back and pushes her own wet panties onto my thigh, giving her some friction of her own as she uses her fingers to pleasure me. 

But I can pleasure myself with fingers. I need more. I need her.

I turn my head to face her, and kiss her deeply one last time before telling her.

"Sarah. I need this mouth on that pussy. Now." She gives me a smirk back.

"I thought I was the teacher here... " But she knows I've been pushed to my limit. She wastes no time kissing a trail down me. She softly, but quickly pulls my wet panties off, tossing them amidst the growing pile of clothes, and delivers one long, wide lick from the bottom of my pussy to my ever hardening clit. She follows it up with a series of slashes and flicks, alternating long, luxuriating laps. 

"Sweet fuck Sarah, yes!... Make me cum baby, please." I'm practically whining. 

She hums in approval and continues to work her tongue around my cunt, stopping only to gently kiss the clitoris. She knows it's still extremely sensitive, having not been in use for past months, so she takes extra care to not hit it too hard. I never would have expected my former Drill Sergeant to be such a tender lover. 

I grip onto her ass harder, helping her pleasure herself on my leg as she brings me closer and closer to the sweet release of my first sapphic orgasm. Sarah pushes me over the edge when she reintroduces her fingers, this time not stopping at my lips. She plunges two slender fingers into me while she eats me out, pushing gently at my walls. She slides in slowly, but matches pace with her tongue quickly. My muscles tighten and release, unable to control the feelings of pleasure coursing through me. 

"OH fuck baby, yes.. please I'm close, I'm gonna cum!" 

One final flick at my clit sends me over the waterfall, resonating throughout my whole being. The most intense orgasm I've felt possibly ever rips through me, clenching the walls of my pussy against my lovers hands and mouth as I gasp for air, toes curling to the point of cramping. 

"Oh shit... oh shit... fuck Sarah, that was fucking wild." I pant, completely out of breath. I run my hands through my hair, trying to catch my breath as the woman between my legs helps bring me down gently. 

"Can I kiss you?" She asks me sweetly, worried I would have any reservations left after what she just did.

"I wish you would never stop."

"You're so damn cheesy, you know that?" She smiles through it.

With that, she kisses me deeply. Harder this time, and after a while, introduces her tongue into the mix, letting it slip between my lips and tapping on my own. Without breaking the connection, she unhooks the only remaining piece of clothing I have left and tosses it aside with the same reckless abandon she had with the other barriers. Pressing her soft flesh into mine, she dismounts me and lies on her side facing me. We lay like this for some time, as I catch my breath.

I take my cue to reverse the roles, and I lift myself up and over her. She looks me in the eyes.

"Are you sure you still want to do this?" She asks, genuine concern in her voice.

"I want you to be my first. I want nothing more."

I don't know my way around her body as well as she seemed to know mine, but I get the idea. Having had a great example to follow, I notice the wet... well spot would be modest. After grinding herself into my leg for 10 minutes, the love got spread around. I decide to just do away with the last bastion of decency and peel her cute white thong down and off. There before me is the last shred of evidence I needed.

Glistening beauty, ribbed with goosebumps at the excitement, and fully released from the stimulation. Nothing could have prepared me for the feeling of seeing a lovers wet pussy begging to be enjoyed. I gave her my first kiss, then licked my lips. I swear to god she tasted like a roasted tomato. It was better than I could have asked for. I started with kissing more, kissing longer, still scared to go full out. What a fool am I. Tentatively, I licked her outer lips with my tongue, and I knew, once and for all, that I had made up my mind. 

I was still flying blind however, the only lighthouse beacon being her moans and bucking to tell me how I was doing. I ventured deeper, using my tongue to fill her as much as I could. I had to use my hands to brace her legs, or else her thighs would have given me a headache. Sticking my tongue out, pulling back and kissing was getting a huge reaction out of Sarah, as her bucking became unbearable. I used her legs and my shoulders as leverage to lift her butt up off the bed and take some of her power away. This allowed me get hold of her ass again, which she loved. 

After this position switch, every movement of my mouth ripped a scream from Sarah. I was extremely happy about the soundproofing, as her screams filled the small room. I could have listened to her scream my name for hours on end, but I knew she had to finish soon or she would be driven mad.

I wasn't sure how hard to suck on her clit, only having ever been on the receiving end of things, so I applied the same pressure as I would as if I were puckering my lips. This might have been a touch too much, as Sarah gave one final buck into me, and a moan to end all moans. If there were ever a sweeter sound, let it ring now. She falls back onto the bed, and I quickly come up next to her, thinking I've for sure just ruined everything.

"OWwwwhhhhhhh fuck Ally... fuck..."

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry I'm sorry, was that too hard?"

"No babe...that was fucking game changing. I knew you were a fast learner, but holy hell. That was like... year two shit... A little tip though, after your girlfriend cums, you normally keep eating them out to let them back down gently." She's gently rubbing herself now, picking up the slack I dropped.

Oh man, I fucked that one up. I'm gonna hav... Wait.

"Girlfriend?" I sit up onto one elbow, looking at her in shock.

"Yeah" She says, still casually fingering herself. "Like when two girls really like each other, so they date. Girlfriends." She looks over at me and shines a big smile through. Her hair all in a mess, face flushed red. It's the first time shes looked truly human, rather than some goddess of seduction. I think my heart forgot to beat for a second.

A smile crept across my face and I collapsed into her arms, letting our legs entwine, resting my face between her chest and arm. I didn't realize how tired I was until I tried to stay up on one arm. 7 weeks of training and I can't even eat a girl out for an hour without passing out. My eyes grow heavy and the last thing I see before I fall asleep is her bringing her face to mine, leaning in to kiss me. A feeling of familiarity washed over me as I drifted to sleep.
