 -I can remember every exact detail of the day when I first met her. From the very moment she called me a 'noob', I can still recollect the uncontrollable emotions telling me I felt something for this girl. As our relationship developed, I soon realised I felt for her, in a way stronger than just friends. 

-I even remember how much we used to ridicule ourselves for being addicted to a MMORPG, when neither of us were stereotypically nerdy, like the rest of our friends who played. I knew, however, the one reason why I kept playing, and could never quit, was because of her. 

Months past, and we became closer and closer- until I finally admitted to her I thought I was in love with her. She had always been the mean one, in a kind of flirtatious manner, and at first she had knocked me back, claiming she was straight. However, about a month later- after spending an entire night talking to each other over webcam- she admitted to me she felt the same. Thus, our lesbian relationship began. The thing I loved about her, so, was the protectiveness she beheld towards me, and a shy uncertainty of a timid-teenager lost in her own identity. 

For months on end I couldn't sleep, I wouldn't go out- she'd miss school just for me- and we'd spend hours, upon hours, just talking. I wanted more than to just talk all of the time, I wanted more than to just repeat the depth of my feelings over and over. I wanted to see her- face to face- and protect her like she protected me in the game.

So, about three months into our relationship, we finally arranged to meet in her home city- Nottingham. I was two years older than her- me twenty and her eighteen- and had drove there myself. She had said she would be waiting in Starbucks' café, reading the book I had bought her (nineteen eighty-four by George Orwell). It wasn't like we needed any sign of recognition between us, though, because we had spent most of our time together watching one and another on webcam. She had the most beautiful eyes I had ever gazed upon, and the round features of her face had awoken an emotion in me I thought I'd never come to understand. I believed I loved this girl- Ele was her name- and she had told me she loved me too.

I walked into the warmth of the coffee shop, the aroma tingling my taste buds and arousing all my senses. I loved the smell of coffee; and loved the taste even more. 

I took a quick glance around the café's ground floor, but I could not see Ele anywhere. Moving forward, to catch a glimpse upstairs, I noticed a small, brown-haired beauty stood at the counter- waiting to be served. 5ft2, I believe, Ele had told me her height. She was small, cute, adorable. I was tall, thin- and had been told my her- possessed traits of a model. I guess, in this case, the old saying of 'opposites attract' was true. 

"One large skinny latte, please."- I smiled, confident as always, and moved thoughtlessly towards her. 

She had moved to the next part of the line, now waiting for her drink to be made- and the perfect time for me to finally talk to her in person! The excitement of the moment took over me, and before I knew it I had blurted out "Hey, Ele." nervously. She turned around, however, equally as edgy, and smiled wildly in response. 

"Oh my god! Hey!"- She sounded somewhat different in person than on the phone, her Nottinghamshire accent showing more- and I loved every part of it. 

"I see you ordered with out me. Same in real life as in game, I see." 

"You shouldn't have been late then," I glanced down at my phone's digital-clock display. I was about ten minuets late. "I ordered a big latte, so we can share if you want." I nodded.

"Sure, you go and sit down and I'll bring our drink over."

- We had chatted lots, both of us slowly creeping out of our comfort zone and becoming at one with each other's space. Ele, the one I would have least expected to have made the first move, had been rubbing my legs underneath the table as soon as we had sat down. She had been paying me compliments all throughout our meeting, like: "I love your long blonde hair", "Wow, I love your shoes, they make you look sexy", and "You're so beautiful, I don't know why you haven't ran off yet." I had responded in an equally flirtatious manner, and as the conversation dwindled on, my thoughts kept wondering off from the topic in current debate; and kept imagining fucking Ele's brains out. The more I watched her talk, the more I noticed her lips; and the more I wanted to leap over the table and taste her. 

"Ele," I had said, interrupting her mindless boggle about someone on the game we played, "I'm so hot for you right now."

"What?" She had replied, jumping up from her seat slightly, but smiling suggestively- she had been thinking the same as me. 

- So we found ourselves in the back seat of my red Volkswagen polo, staring intently into each other's eyes. I had held her, with one hand gently pressed upon the ball at the back of her neck, while the other buried amongst the material of her loose white dress. I moved my head closely to hers, glancing to and fro- from her beautiful eyes, to her plump, round lips. I had pressed my lips gently against hers, and closed my eyes. My heart palpitating- like never before- even though I'd been with girls before. She sighed as I pulled away, the rhythm of her heart beat still playing on my mind. This time, Ele moved in first, and slid her tongue into my mouth. I rubbed it with my own as we became entwined in a wonderful moment, my thirst for her completely unquenchable. Our kiss had become more intense as the seconds passed, and before long Ele's small, subtle body had been resting atop mine, with my hands wrapped loosely around her hips. Both our breathes had become engulfed with the feeling of intense desire, and every gulp for air I took- was followed by an uncontrollable moan of pure-pleasure. 

Just as I was about to reach down into her panties, I began to realise how hard it would be, to be able to cope without her the next day. I stopped kissing her, and she slowly rose in confusion.

"What's wrong babe?" She had asked, 'babe' had been what she called me online, too. My nickname for her was 'hun'.

"I'm scared. Scared about how I'll feel tomorrow." She rose, still sat upon my stomach though.

"Me too. I want to be with you everyday, not just meet you every weekend or something. Actually we'd probably only get to see each other about once a month."- The mood had now trailed off from being of desire and passion, to now being of fear, and of loneliness.

"I want our first time to be special, not just a cheap fuck in the back of my crap car." 

"Same."

"Let's book ourselves into a hotel, and make today the most special day of our lives. Give us something to take home with us, until our next meeting." Ele nodded.

"I don't have any money with me though- well I do but not enough for a hotel."

"Luckily I do."

I was sat upon the large, king-sized double bed, with no clothing on my body apart from my red thong, hanging down at my ankles. Ele was lying down, waiting for me, with her eyes closed and her arms stretched out behind her head. Her pussy trimmed but not completely waxed. Her breasts larger and rounder than I had thought, concealed by a bra probably too small for her. The first thing I did was bury my head deep within them, smelling the sweet aroma of her perfume. Her body stiffened slightly as our bodies touched, and as my stomach lay upon her own. I could feel the wetness of her pussy against my own, every sensation making me ache with anticipation more and more. 

We began kissing some more, our tits pressed against each others, and the sensation of her long, manicured nails exploring my body- the sensation made my pussy throb even more so than before. 

My fingers found her pussy, as we carried on kissing, and I began slowly thrusting my body forward as I rubbed her clit with the palm of my hand. Our bodies stiffened together, our bodies became one as we both began to climax. As I placed a finger into Ele, I felt a warming sensation take over my body. As her body rose, and as the walls of her pussy became tighter around my finger, I felt my own body burst into a spontaneous feeling of orgasm. We both let out a sensational-scream, into each others ears, as we both came, her pussy juice sliding down my hand and rubbing against my leg. 

I pulled away from our embrace, leaning back to catch my breath. The room had dissipated into a black-blur, and my whole body felt like not my own. It tingled from my forehead, to the tips of my toes. Ele lay on her side, in a similar daze to myself. 

"I love you," she had said, panting and trying to regain her breath.

I, of course, had replied "I love you, too." However, it was too late. Ele's phone rang, from somewhere amongst our piles of scattered clothing, and as she jumped up to answer it; I realised we would have to wait many more agonising months before we could do this again, any time soon. I stared at her naked body, as she sat at the corner of our bed, and wondered what it would be like to wake up in the mornings next to her. I held back the desire to kidnap her, and take her away from anyone else; and keep her as my own. 

-We parted our ways, me going to my car, and she going to the train station down the road; where we would return to the seemingly normal rut of our lives. However, I knew I could return home with the content of knowing- one day- one day we could be together.