 So far it had been a pretty incredible summer. I'd met Mary, fucked her alone and with the local stud Curly, decided I was bi, and found out the old man was also bi and that he was rooting his best mate. Things were all good though, especially between me and Mary. We were getting on so well that I decided to bring her home to meet my dad and his girlfriend, Inga, for dinner.

I ended up having a job interview the day of the dinner, so Mary was going to come around a bit later, but Inga piped up that she could pick her up on her way home and Mary could help her prepare. It was just dad and me in the house for a long time and Inga said Mary might need a bit of "girl time" before she sat down to dinner with the likes of us.

I should probably explain a bit about Inga now. She's this redhead, mid-30's, smoking hot, spends all her time either at work baking or at the gym. Totally upbeat chick too, very friendly and happy. If Dad hadn't nabbed her I often reckon I would have had a go at getting her. I figured Mary would be alright alone with her, she's not exactly intimidating.

Anyway, I got home from the job interview and, just out of habit, went in round the back. I hardly ever use the front door at home, never have. Walking round the side of the house though means you go past the kitchen window. I was gonna tap on the glass and keep walking, just to freak the girls out a bit, but then I looked through the window and saw them.

I couldn't believe my eyes.

There's Inga, my old man's girlfriend, with her head in Mary's crotch. Mary was up on the counter-top, legs spread wide, clothes off, head rolled back, just loving getting her snatch eaten by another woman. I knew Mary was pretty open sexually and pretty out there but I didn't figure she'd do this! And Inga was a total surprise, I had no idea she liked box.

I should have made a noise or gone round the back or something, but I was staring, transfixed. This was clearly not the first time for either of these gals. Inga pulled her head away from Mary's cunny and went to one of the drawers. Mary, completely starkers, stayed seating on the benchtop and picked up a glass of wine. She took a sip and put it back down as Inga came back... with a wooden spoon.

Mary rolled over onto the benchtop and arched her arse up in the air. I think she was expecting Inga to spank her, but instead, Inga grabbed Mary by the hips and drove her tongue into her arsehole. I saw Mary's eyes widen with excitement. I remembered to try that one next time we were together. After a while, Inga brought the spoon up... and ran it up and down Mary's pussy, pushing it in ever so slightly. Then, once it was good and moist, Inga changed tactics a bit. The spoon came out... and she pushed it against Mary's eager, tight arse. Mary nearly fell off the bench she backed up on it so fast. With one hand she started to flick her bean while Inga worked the spoon handle in and out of her backside in slow, steady strokes.

I saw Mary start to shudder and I knew where this was headed. We'd done it enough times for me to know she was a squirter. Inga dived under her pussy, still running that spoon in and out of her arse, just in time to get showered with Mary's juices. It was the first time I'd seen Inga even touch herself slightly- she was still in her god-damn baker's outfit- but she started to squeeze and caress her breasts as she lapped at Mary's hot gushing vag. Eventually Inga moved and Mary collapsed on the bench, completely spent.

I didn't know what to think, other than that I desperately wanted to have a wank. Glancing at my watch, I realised I must have got home about an hour earlier than I said I'd be. I figured the girls would finish up now, Mary would get dressed, and then I could make my entrance- as soon as my throbber had calmed down.

Instead, Mary, still naked, walked over to the fridge and took out a can of whipped cream. She pulled Inga's pants down and sat her on the couch. It was the first time I'd seen Inga's pussy- she had a tight little bush of red hair that stood out against her toned, lean body. Dad was a lucky man.

Mary took the can and sprayed a glob of cream directly onto Inga's crotch. Then in she dove and ate it up, super-fast. Inga laughed and I had to duck away from the window for a second because I thought she'd seen me.

I waited, pressed against the wall, for a good half a minute, heart pounding. When I got my courage back up and peeked around, I saw the two of them clearly hadn't seen me- they were both on the floor, staring at each other, legs spread wide as they fingered themselves furiously. Mary lost it first, flooding the ground beneath her with her juices. Inga shook and trembled then arched herself in the air, overcome with her orgasm. Eventually she came back down to Earth. Mary got up and began to put her sundress on. Inga began to clean the floor and bench up. I stood by the wall, desperately wanting to have a tug but not sure how private the garden was, until eventually I saw it was the time I was expected home.

I walked through the back door, called out g'day to the girls, and Mary came in as sweet and coy as you like.

"Inga's just in the shower- she's so nice!" she said, giving me a kiss on the cheek. As the night went on, I discovered they had a mutual mate- Mary's flatmate, Simone- who I found out later was a bit of a notorious lesbian (big shock there).

Driving Mary home that night I decided not to push her about what I'd seen. I still couldn't quite believe it myself. When she mentioned how good the whipped cream had tasted though I lost it, parked us down a dirt road and ate her arse until she squirted all over me.

I mean, a man's got limits right?