 By Evie Lyn and Adam Zasse

To the best of our knowledge this story it true. Karen Cassidy herself told us the story and offered her personal insights. We spoke to Celestine Lunete by telephone and confirmed the details. Karen and Celestine live together in Toulon. The authors welcome your comments. We will pass on comments, questions and messages to Karen and Celestine. 



Toulon is a mid size city in the south of France on the Mediterranean coast It is west of Cannes, Nice and Monaco. It is situated on one of the best a natural anchorage in the area. The harbor water is very calm due to the protection of the Saint Mandrier peninsula. Toulon is a major naval base and home to the French Mediterranean fleet. Mount Faron is located north of the city and offers a spectacular view of the city and harbor. The road to the top is impressive, as are the cable cars.

Clyde Bennett Ltd is a research company based in London England, with branch offices throughout Europe and two cities in the United States. The Toulon office is on rue Adolphe Guiol. C.B.Ltd. in Toulon is contracted to the French government to provide research and analysis of materials and facilities used by the French navy. The offices are staffed primarily with men. Most are British specialists and support personnel. There are also two American analysts, and one French researcher, all women, working on the current projects. 

I filled out the application just like most of the employees in the Atlanta office. There have been other openings from time to time and it was almost a routine to take a chance. I was surprised when I was called into the director's office for an interview. I was even more surprised a day later when I was given a plane ticket to London for a second interview at the main officers. The flight was uneventful, the interview was anything but. Two of the managers, a lady from public relations and a lady from human resources took turns grilling me. I've had more pleasant experiences. They went over my application and resume line by line. They questioned my education (I have a BS in Environmental Science and a MS in Predictive Analytics. They asked about my social activities (I'm single), and about the responses from my references. The interview lasted several hours and I was quite exhausted when they finally let me leave. The site manager gave me the 'we'll let you know' speech and had a car drive me back to Heathrow. Why, oh why did I ever think working for the Brits was going to be easy? But life has a way of guiding your destiny I guess. It was almost two weeks before I was called into the director's office again back home in Atlanta. 

"I'm sorry to have to do this Miss Cassidy. You've been an asset and speaking for the entire staff, we're going to miss you." Director Philip Clark said as he handed me a large sealed packet.

"Am I being let go?" I asked.

"In a manner of speaking, yes." The director said.

"Inside your packet you will find a travel voucher which should tide you over for a few weeks. There is also an open ended British Airways ticket. You'll have to change planes at Heathrow but it's only an hour or so delay. The rest of the material is background on your new assignment. By the way, how's your French." He said smiling. 

"My French?" I asked.

"You're going to Toulon. You got the job." The director said, smiling broadly. "HR will help you with your apartment here and find something temporary for you in Toulon until you can find a place and get settled. We'll ship any of your things that you want to take with you."

The next few days practically flew by. I had to sublet my apartment and put most of my things in storage. I packed what I needed and shipped several cartons to the offices in Toulon. The flight to Heathrow was pleasant enough, but the connecting flights to Orly and then to Hyeres in Toulon were late, bumpy and in one instance, rude. I'll have to get used to the French. I was met at the airport and driven to the offices which turned out to be a modern three story complex east of the harbor. 

The District Manager, John Quince, showed me around and introduced me to more people than I could remember. My office was, unfortunately near the back of the second floor. The view of Mount Faron was interesting, but only from the front offices. I was close to the elevator to the basement where the labs were, so that was convenient. The only other American woman in the office was Diana Martin. She was more an office manager and 'house mother' than a researcher. Diana was in her late fifties. She took time to walk with me the several short blocks to the apartment that HR had arranged for me. It was actually pretty nice and I eventually wound up leasing it instead of looking for some place else. 

My first day working I started a project that kept me going from my computer down to the lab several times. By the end of that first day I was tired. I was still trying to adjust to the different time zone. I was just getting ready to head back to my apartment when Celestine Lunete came into my office. She brought me a cup of tea and sat down across from my desk. Celestine was the only French woman in the office. As tired as I was, I accepted the tea politely and sat back down. Celestine spoke English with a slight accent, but I easily understood. Which was lucky for me because I'm afraid that my high school French failed me miserably. We chatted for a few minutes about nothing in particular and she stood up to leave. Celestine stopped at my office door and turned. 

"I am bi lingual." She stated flatly.

"Yes I know, you speak English very well." I answered.

Celestine got a puzzled look on her face, as if she didn't understand my response. She took the few steps back to my office and came around the corner of the desk. She looked me straight in the eyes and smiled.

"I am bi lingual. My tongue works as well on men as it does on women." She said very softly, almost a whisper.

When I didn't say anything, Celestine leaned towards me and kissed me lightly on the cheek and left. Now I know the French are big on the cheek kissing thing as a greeting or to say good bye, but. 

Back in the US, saying things like that, to a relative stranger, could get you in trouble. The Brits are about the same, maybe more so, with sexual harassment. I don't know about the French, but they are a lot more open about things like that. 

If I had to describe Celestine, the word that comes to mind is statuesque. She reminds me of Sophia Loren in the movies from the sixties. Tall, at least taller than my 5'8", with jet black shoulder length hair. Above average breasts and strong, well formed legs. She was very attractive, if you liked that type. I'm quite sure the men in the office liked seeing her. But why had she said what she did? I have never been interested in other women, at least sexually. Well, there was that one weekend in college years ago, but my roommate and I were both drunk. 

Why me? 

That night in my cozy little apartment, I finished dinner and turned on the TV. The building had a sat/dish and quite a few channels were in English. I relaxed and ran through the day's events in my mind. I kept coming back to Celestine. I remember thinking that my new job was going to be very interesting.

Most of that week I only saw Celestine briefly. I spent a lot of time in the lab finishing my current project. Friday evening I was rewriting a closing report when Celestine brought me another cup of tea. 

"I am free tomorrow if you would let me show you around." Celestine said. "Perhaps breakfast and a walk?"

"That would be nice." I said, between sips of tea.

I had wanted to 'see the sights' as they say, and, what the hell. It might be fun. Besides, now I was curious. Why did Celestine say what she did? She doesn't know anything about me. But now I wanted to know more about her. The analyst in me had questions. So, we made arrangements to meet at a small café near my apartment the next morning. 

I was working on my second cup of coffee the next morning when Celestine walked up to the small outdoor table where I was sitting. I don't think I'll ever get used to the way the French make coffee. Did I say Celestine walked, it was more like she floated? Every man close enough to see her stopped talking and watched. She was dressed casually, low-heeled shoes, light, mid calf, wraparound dress, and a sleeveless tunic, belted at the waist. Her hair was loose and framed her face like a silken black cloud. There was nothing sexual or provocative about what she wore or how she wore it. But...I didn't get a single look once Celestine breezed over to the table, and I've been told that even at 36 years old, I'm still attractive. 

Celestine gave me a quick light kiss on both cheeks and called me 'Cheri'. I suppose I'll have to get used to that. We order breakfast, tea and some kind of sweet biscuits. Not the eggs and pancakes I was hoping for, but that's the French for you. 

After breakfast, Celestine took me on a tour of the area. We stopped in a few quaint shops and I found a market not too far from my apartment. And while we walked, we talked. I learned that Celestine was 27 years old, an only child raised by her grandparents. At work she was a researcher but she admitted that most of what she did was shuffle paperwork, run errands and occasionally act as an interpreter. She was well aware of the effect she could have on the men in the office and understood that it was probably the main reason she got the job. In the 'whatever will be will be' attitude of the French, she goes happily about her job. Os so I thought at the time. 

It was a pleasant morning. Celestine walked with me back to my apartment, and at the door she stepped closer, I assumed to do the cheek-kissing thing again. Instead, she looked me right in the eyes, and very slowly moved her head until our lips were barely touching. 

I just stood there. 

I should have stepped away or moved, or done something. But I didn't. I let her kiss me. I still don't know why. It was a lingering kiss, but not particularly passionate. When I didn't object, she must have assumed it was ok. It was over quickly. Celestine pulled back and smiled. She didn't say a word. She just started to walk away. She stopped once to look over her shoulder at me and waved. 

I just stood there.

When I entered my apartment, I flopped into one the large over-stuffed sofa by the window. What the hell did I just do? I didn't want an office romance, especially with another woman. I was never attracted to other woman. My only experience at college was more a spontaneous dare than a sexual encounter. And I was drunk. So why the hell was I sitting here smiling?

The next day, Sunday, I went back to the little market that Celestine showed me and stocked up the small refrigerator in my apartment. I did a basket of laundry, washed my hair and took a nap. I think I finally got my body switched from Atlanta to Toulon time. I honestly tried to forget about Celestine's kiss, but I couldn't get it out of my mind. I put on my 'analyst hat' and worked the problem with patience and logic. Was it that I hadn't been in a relationship in a while? Was it just being in France? Or was it Celestine's perfume and soft lips? The answer was obvious. Concentrate on work and move on. It was just one of those things. Let it go. Right?

Bright and early Monday morning I sat down at my desk to start a new project. The data was on my desk and in the lab. I really was busy that morning. It wasn't until sometime in the afternoon that I had time to take a break and have a bite of lunch. And Celestine wasn't in the office. For some reason that bothered me. I didn't really want to see her, but she should have been there. And damn it, I did want to see her.

The next few days were productive and frustrating. I finished my latest project ahead of schedule but I didn't feel close enough to anyone in the office to just chat with. Where the hell was Celestine? And more importantly, why did I care? It wasn't until the middle of the day on Friday that I was able to answer those questions. 

I was concentrating on a lab report that wasn't making sense when I looked up to see Celestine standing in my doorway with a cup of tea.

"Hello Cheri, I brought you a cup of tea." She said.

"Where have you been?" I said, trying to keep my voice steady.

"Why, did you miss me?" Celestine said.

"No, of course not. I missed the tea." I said, fumbling over my words, and reaching for the cup she offered. 

"I see." Celestine said softly. "Then you wouldn't be interested in shopping or sightseeing again this weekend.

"What did you have in mind?" I said, getting my voice back under control.

"I have a car. We could drive up to the top of Mount Faron or go to the beach. I know a place that isn't too crowded." She offered.

"It would be nice to do something different. I think I would enjoy spending the day with you." I said. For some reason I smiled and tried to hide it behind the cup of tea.

"Merveilleux" (wonderful), Celestine said. "I will call for you in the morning."

Celestine stopped in my office doorway and turned. She smiled and blew me a kiss. I made it a point to ask her in the morning what she meant by that. I intended to ask her more than that. Including the 'bilingual' comment from that first day. To be honest, I remember not sleeping too well that night. I needed to clear my head, stop what was happening, and move on. So why did it bother me that I didn't see Celestine all that week? Why did I keep reliving that kiss? 

The next morning I watched through my window as Celestine parked her small car in from of my apartment and walked up to the door. When she rang the bell, I buzzed her in and opened my door. Celestine walked up the stairs and we did the cheek-kissing thing. She wore a summery dress and sandals, her hair tied back. When I closed the door, intending to get a few answers before we left, Celestine waited. When I turned around, she placed her hands on each side of my face and tenderly kissed me. I wasn't expecting that. I wasn't expecting to open my mouth and feel her tongue darting inside. I wasn't expecting to exercise my own tongue that way either. But I knew that from that moment on my life was going to be different. Somehow we managed to get to the sofa and sit down. 

"Celestine." I started to say.

"Hush Cheri." She said, placing her finger across my lips. "Let me talk."

"I have been thinking about you for weeks. Ever since I saw your note that first day. I have hoped that someone would arrive that shared my curiosity. I am not disappointed." Celestine said.

"Wait!" What note are you talking about?" I asked.

"The note you wrote to me. I found it taped to your office door." Celestine said.

"I didn't leave a note for you." I said, even more confused about what just happened.

"I do not understand. Your note said that you wanted to know me better and perhaps become close." Celestine said, her voice now sounding odd.

Something caused me to reach out and take Celestine's hands in mine. I spoke slowly and quietly, telling her that I did not leave any such note. That evidently someone in the office played a prank, a cruel joke. Celestine started to cry. She pulled her hands away and covered her face. 

"I am so embarrassed." She said, trying to wipe tears from her eyes.

"Don't be. I enjoyed your kiss and I would like to get to know." I offered. It seemed like the right thing to say at that moment.

"Those men are beasts. I know what they think of me. I know how they look at me." She said.

"Then why do you stay?" I asked.

"The money is good, better than many jobs here. The work is not hard and sometimes, like this last week, I am sent to places I would probably not go on my own." Celestine said.

"Celestine, let me confess something to you." I said. "I was very surprised with what you said that first day, about being bilingual. I was even more surprised when you kissed me. I am not attracted to other women. But last week when you weren't in the office, I did missed seeing you. I don't know why, but I did. And when you kissed me a moment ago, I responded. I don't know why I did that either. But I do know two things."

"And what is that?" Celestine said, looking down at her hands now on her lap.

"I know that I want to kiss you again." I said, lifting her chin with my fingers. "And I know that I don't want you to leave."

Celestine smiled. We hugged and talked for most of the morning. I made tea and yes, I did kiss her again. I found out that she was an only child. She was single and unmarried. She was bright and intelligent but never went past primary school. She was flattered when she applied at Clyde Bennett Ltd and they offered her a job. But she was also smart enough to realize that her good looks actually got her the job. But like she told me, the money was good so she put up with the occasional comments and the stares from the men in the office. It was late in the afternoon that Celestine stood up to leave.

I think it was at that moment that I made up my mind. I couldn't let her leave.

"Celestine." I said. "Would you like to stay here with me tonight?" 

"Are you sure Cheri?" She asked.

"Only if you call me Karen." I said, laughing. 

Yes I know. I surrendered to the moment. But seeing Celestine standing there, ready to leave her cheeks still red and puffy from crying. I couldn't help myself. The next thing I knew, she was hugging me and doing the cheek-kissing thing again. I finally got her calmed down enough to look into her eyes. Her pale blue eyes. She was crying again, but I think they were happy tears. I wiped the tears away with my finger and raised my lips to hers and we kissed. This time there was no mistaking either of our intentions. We stood there, our tongues dancing in each other's mouths. I felt Celestine's hands on my hips, pulling me closer. I heard her moan softly, deep in her throat when I reached up to touch the sides of her breasts. Even through her clothes and bra, they felt soft, heavy and full. 

We eventually broke apart from that kiss. I took Celestine's hand and led her back to the sofa. The late afternoon light was flooding my tidy living room, through the window, with golden light. I reached trembling hands up to the top of Celestine's dress. Yes, I'll admit my hands were shaking. I think my whole body was shaking. I've never tried to undress another woman, but I had to see what her breasts looked like. Celestine dropped her hands and let me unbutton her dress. I remember looking up to see her smiling at me.

I managed to get all the buttons. I lifted the edges of her dress and pulled them to the sides. I think my heart skipped a beat or two. Celestine's large breasts were nestled snuggly into a sheer cupped bra. The material was so thin it couldn't have provided much support. I had to look twice to see her nipples. The areolas were large and almost the same color as the rest of her skin, a light golden tan. I extended a finger to touch first one, and then the other through the thin material of the bra. While I watched, they seemed to grow and darken until they turned brownish pink.

I was almost in a trance, staring at those beautiful globes, so different from my smaller, firmer breasts. Celestine slipped her dress off of her shoulders and reached behind her back to unfasten her bra. Free of the constraining bra, her breasts sagged a little from their own weight. When she reached up and pulled my head down on her breasts, I didn't hesitate to start suckling. It just seemed so natural to take one those nipples into my mouth. Celestine leaned back against the sofa and pulled me down on top of her. I started to massage her breasts without releasing her nipple. I couldn't believe how incredibly soft and resilient they were, like little pillows. I remember feeling Celestine trying to pull my shirt off so I reluctantly pushing myself up. Celestine was lying there, smiling at me. I quickly pulled off my shirt and bra. I think we both wanted to feel skin on skin. I leaned back down and accepted another fantastic kiss and when our breasts touched for that first time, I felt like an electric shock coursed through my body. My nipples hardened into stiff nubs almost immediately. 
