 Everything is moving in slow motion. The smoke is in the air, curling around right outside of my grasp. There's the illusion of people everywhere. People are dancing, people singing, people rubbing their bodies up against one other. Their eyes closed. Hands reaching back to stroke the thighs of the stranger behind them. With circular hips, grinding beats, my hair is caught between her breasts and my back, dangerously pulling my head back, exposing my neck until all I can do is lay my head against her chin. My only option is to surrender to the moment, to expose myself to her right then, in the darkness, with the smoke circling dangerously around my face. I keep moving, knowing that if I relax just for a second, I will be vulnerable, there in her arms. 

The music stops.

Laughing, I turn around and see her for the first time. She appears to be behind a smoke screen, her hair, her lips, and her face foggy, hidden amongst the haze. Her eyes are the only part of her that pierce through the fog and they never left my own, a deep green, shining in the darkened room, beckoning me to lay my head against her shoulder again, to trust her, but only in the moment. She stands there looking at me, her palms pressed against the sides of her thighs, and even though I know that I surrendered to her in the moment before, I know without a doubt that this moment is mine to do with what I want. I look at her and see how beautiful she is and I know that now, now I am in charge. 

Never saying a word, I take her hand in my own, and I begin to walk to the back of the bar, where the couch and fireplace are. There, I see my best friend sitting on the couch with some guy he picked up. I catch his eye, and he leaves without a question. He knows too.

She stands next to the couch, the fireplace crackling a few feet from us; the only light in this corner of the room, in this the area of the outcasts. I can tell she is nervous by the flush in her face, the slight shake of her hands.

My eyes narrow and I look at her and smile for the first time. Not a toothy smile, but the smile of someone who knows, who accepts that there is no other option but to touch this most beautiful woman. I watch the muscles in her shoulders begin to relax under my slow, steady gaze.

Without a word, I take my hand to the back of her neck and I gently push her back to the wall, and I press my body up against hers, feeling her breasts press against my own, her breath rise and fall, her stomach quiver, and I kiss her. I kiss her with all the passion of the dance. I taste her, and with my tongue I gently trace the inside of her mouth. I can tell by how she returns my kiss that she isn't used to kissing women. I withdraw and she tries to come for me. I push her back. I hold her there and a frightened look comes into her eyes, and slowly, slowly, slowly I bring my lips to hers, just a fraction of an inch away. I taste her breath. I feel her heat, her open lips, her tongue, her desire, and I place my mouth on hers, my way. I gently touch my tongue to hers, massaging her shoulders, her neck. Her hips begin to move slowly and with that I deepen the kiss, never making a sound, feeling my nipples tighten against her own, my body responding to hers like I have never experienced before.

My fingers trace her jaw, her shoulders, and down her arms. I lean back and with one hand I unbutton her blouse and allow myself to look at her exposed flesh. Her unbound breasts spill out into my trembling fingers. She watches me as I drown in need to touch her, consume her; her breath coming is slow gasps, her eyes, her eyes watching my every move. Because she is too exquisite to be exposed in such a dingy place, I take her long black hair in my hand, and I gently bring it around to cover her breasts for a moment as I button her shirt back up. 

"Do you want to come with me?" I ask, speaking for the first time.

"Yes."

Without another word we leave the bar and begin the two block walk to my apartment. I open the door for her and watch her as she walks in, no longer nervous, no longer in wonder of what is going to happen. I take my time closing the door and locking it. I take our jackets and hang them in the hall closet. I indicate for her to wait and I go into the kitchen and pull out a bottle of wine and pour us both a drink. She takes the drink from me, and she watches me as she takes several sips into her mouth. 

I take the cup from her and with the palm of my hand on her chest; I push her up against the wall. I take her wrists and hold them above her head with my left hand, and with my right hand I again unbutton her blouse. I watch her chest rise and fall with her deepening breath. Taking my sweet time, I continue to hold her hands above her head and dip my mouth and take her left nipple into my mouth. I suck, and tug at it. I listen to her moan, and I gently take it in my teeth and hear her suck in her breath and with my unoccupied hand, I take her other breast and I caress it, tracing her nipple with my fingers, continuing my assault on the other one. Her hips begin to buck uncontrollably; her moans are deepening into cries of desire and want. I let go of her wrists, and turn her around so that she is facing the wall. My hands on her thighs, I push up her skirt and feel her warm, wet flesh. I pull her skirt down quickly and with it her panties. I pull her shirt off her back, and there before me is the most exquisite, beautiful woman I have ever seen. She tries to turn around, and I push her back, keeping her back to me. I take off my clothes. I watch her back move as she breathes, and I come behind her, and press me body up against hers. She jerks, as I slide my hard nipples up and down her back, slowly. I press my hard clit up against her buttocks and can barely feel it slide between. I can tell that she can feel me too because she begins to push back and grind herself against me. I let her do this for a few moments until I can't take it anymore and then I turn her around and press myself up against her. 

I notice briefly that we fit together perfectly. 

I begin to kiss her wildly, passionately. If I could cum just from the press of my tongue against hers I would have, I am so in tune to her body at that very moment. For the first time, I reach my hand down her stomach, feeling her quiver as I move, and I slowly stroke between her legs, feeling her desire, her warm, wet, swollen clit sliding between my fingers, throbbing and pulsing with every movement. I know she is close to climaxing when I pull back. Her breath is coming in short gasps when I reach down and take her nipple into my mouth again. She screams out as I enter her with my fingers, thrusting, in and out over and over. I gently pull my fingers out and lower myself to my knees. With her standing over me, her wetness in front of my face, her hard, throbbing clit begging for release, I take her into my mouth and flick my tongue back and forth, up and down, my fingers continuing to thrust in and out excruciatingly slowly. I feel her clit swell even more and begin to throb. I feel her hips move as she presses herself down on my hand begging me to feel every inch of her, pressing her body into my mouth, and with one final guttural moan, she finds her release. 

She attempts to turn me around and begin to do the same for me, when I place my hand on her chest and gently shake my head no. 

"Why not?" She asks me with her beautiful, sexy voice.

I replied the only way I knew how, "I finished when you did."

She studies my face for a few moments before she leans in and tries to kiss me. 

"Please," I repeat, "No."

She continues to study me with those piercing green eyes, and I can feel myself wanting to feel her body pressed up against mine, and I back away a couple of steps and take a deep breath, recognizing that this is dangerous territory, my body begging me to allow her to touch me.

I don't know if it's her inexperience or just my desire that has me take her fingers and lace them into my own and pulling her into me so that I can feel every inch of her. Her breasts, her stomach, between her legs, her thighs, all pressed against my own, her breath on my neck, her closed lips moving along my neck, the bottom of my ear. 

I close my eyes and beg the throbbing in my body to stop, to regain some sense of control of the situation, but she is so close and unassuming and the desire in the room so thick. I hear myself start to breathe deeper, heavier.

I attempt to pull away from her again, but this time she knows that she has me. She steps back a couple of inches and lowers her eyes to my breasts, my nipples betraying me, begging her to touch them. Our fingers still laced, she gently takes my nipple into her mouth. It tightens even more, and I watch her suck on me. I watch her experiment with her tongue and her lips. She raises her eyes and meets my own and in that moment, I surrender to her, completely and fully. I pull her up and take her to my bed and pull her down beside me. I lay her on her back and watch her instinctively open her legs, exposing her sex fully to me. I climb between her legs and press my hard, swollen clit up against her own, feeling her wetness, her desire for me. I press my tip to her tip and move my hips so that it rubs gently on her. Our nipples meet, our bellies, our clits, rubbing, faster and faster. Our eyes never leaving one another, I begin to moan. I can't help myself. I am losing control in her embrace. I feel my thighs tighten, my clit, my body as I cum pressed up against her. I cry out as I lose myself completely in this moment, this one moment that I never allow myself, except for this one time with this most exquisitely, beautiful woman.