 I've never thought of myself as being a lesbian. Yes, I snuggled up with a few girlfriends when I was a teenager, but we were just practicing for when we were with boys. It never even occurred to me that I might be bisexual, that I might like to swing both ways. 

But then I went on a package to tour to Thailand.

It was the usual kind of thing. A few days in once place, do a couple of tours, a little shopping, and then move on to the next place. In Bangkok, the capital, we had a couple of days free, and I enjoyed the opportunity of looking around without having the tour guide or the rest of the group around. Don't get me wrong, they were all pleasant people, but 10 days with a bunch of strangers can get a bit tedious.

So I'd been wandering around the street markets all morning when I thought I'd rest my feet for a while in the coffee shop of a large hotel. It was out in the sun and very pleasant spot, but a little crowded. Eventually I found a small table for two and sat down. I'd only just ordered my coffee when a Chinese woman asked if she could sit at the table with me. There was nowhere else for her to go – all the other tables were full – so I said yes. 

She was very petite, under five feet tall, with a slim body and short black hair. I always feel like an elephant in Asia. At five foot nine inches tall, I tower over most of the locals – especially the women – and though I'm in very good shape, my large breasts and full hips get a lot of stares from the local men. Of course, my long blonde hair makes me stand out even more.

So we were quite a contrast, the two of us sharing the table for two. She started talking to me, just to be polite I suppose, and I was surprised to find that she spoke perfect English. I soon discovered that she wasn't a local, but was from Singapore. She worked in advertising and was in Bangkok for a regional meeting of her company. She was staying in the hotel that the coffee shop belonged to.

I was also surprised to discover that she was 35, a year older than me. She looked closer to 25, but Chinese women always look younger than they are. We talked about Singapore and about Australia – where I come from. She said how much she loved my blonde hair. I explained to her how I was on a packaged tour and that this was one of my free days. 

After a while she said she was going to have some lunch, and asked if I'd like to join her. I was enjoying her company and was happy to accompany her into the hotel restaurant. The food was good but very expensive – but she said not to worry, she would put it on her room account and her company would pay for it. I didn't want to get her into trouble and said I'd pay for myself, but she insisted so I let her have her way.

I felt very comfortable with her, as if we were old friends, and we even started talking about our sex lives. Not in any detail, just the fact that neither of us were married – though I'd been divorced – and that we were both hoping to one day find a companion for life.

I was telling her how I had been to the Royal Palace the day before – it really is spectacular – and she told me she had a good view of it from her hotel room. After lunch, she invited my up to her room to look at the Royal Palace from overhead, and I was more than happy to go up with her.

She was right. The view from her room was amazing. I was able to look right across the whole Royal Palace complex. While I was admiring the view, Wahnee, which was her name, excused herself and went into the bathroom. A few moments later she called my name.

I turned around and saw her standing at the bathroom door. Naked.

To be honest, I was stunned. I didn't know what to think. But I couldn't help looking at her. She really was beautiful. He skin was a cool, golden colour. She was so slim, so gentle looking. And she had no hair on her body at all. She was smooth all over. 

I didn't move. I was frozen to the spot.

She walked up to me slowly and stood in front of me. I was a full head taller than her and would have been much stronger, but I didn't resist at all when she started unbuttoning my top. She slipped it off gently, then reached round and unclipped my bra. As it fell away, she let out a sigh.

"Oh, you have such beautiful breasts. So round and full."

I've never thought of my breasts as special, but Wahnee obviously thought they were.

For a moment she nuzzled her head between them, hugging me. My mind was on fire. How could this be happening? I didn't know what to do. Without even thinking about it, I put my arm around her and hugged her back. Her soft skin felt so good against my body. 

Gently, she pushed me backwards a little and made me sit on the bed. She kneeled down and undid my shorts, then slowly pulled them off. Then she pulled off my panties. She smiled.

"Now I know you are a natural blonde."

I couldn't help laughing along with her.

She looked down at the place between my legs, then into my eyes.

"You have such a lovely cunt. Do you mind if I use that word? I like to use it. It makes me feel sexy. And it is a lovely cunt. Your lovely blonde cunt hair looks so beautiful."

Then she leaned down and gently opened my legs. A moment later her dark head was bending down, and I could feel her tongue running softly over my clit. It was the most amazing feeling I ever had. I pressed my hands down on her head and moaned deeply. Her tongue and fingers explored every part of me. I rarely reach orgasm with a man, but with Wahnee I came after only a few minutes. It was unbelievable. She lifted her head and smiled at me.

"Have you been with a woman before?"

I had to confess I hadn't, not like this. So she told me she would teach me. And she did.

Over the next two hours she showed me how to lick her cunt – I have to use that word because she prefers it. She showed me how to stimulate her ass as well. She took me into the spa in her bathroom – she had a great room – and washed me all over, then licked my ass. Then she showed me how to lick her ass. Afterwards, she took some toys out of her suitcase and showed me how to use them. She had a range of dildos – some big, some even bigger – that she used on me and showed me how to use on her. 

She loved my body. She said she had never been with a blonde girl, and when she met me in the coffee shop she got wet right away. She loved to play with my tits because, to her, they were so big. And she loved my hairy blonde cunt because, she said, most Singapore girls shave theirs. But most of all she liked the fact that I had a cunt big enough for her to get her small hand right into. I have to say, she did that so well and made me cum time after time by skilfully using her finger deep inside me.

Afterwards I rang the tour company to tell them I was staying with a friend and wouldn't be in the tour hotel that night. In the evening we went for a walk through the thrashy part of Bangkok. Wahnee took me to some of the less salubrious bars and we watched the infamous ping-pong girls at work, firing ping-pong balls out of their cunts to the cheers of the mostly male audience. Normally I would have been shocked and disgusted, but with Wahnee it all just seemed like crazy fun. We both got a little drunk and then we went back to her room. 

For the rest of the night I got a chance to practice all the things Wahnee had taught me. Over and over again. It occurred to me at one stage than I had never had so much fun in my life. I fell asleep with her head between my breasts and her hand in my cunt. But when I woke up, she was gone. She left a note, saying she had gone to her conference. I had to run to get to the tour hotel before the tour moved on.

I left a note with my home address and phone number. That was six months ago and I haven't heard from her. I didn't even ask her the name of the ad agency she worked for, so I can't contact her. It makes me a little sad at times. Was I just a one-night stand? Was this something she did all the time? Was I really her first blonde lover? Was she just using me?

But then I think, so what if she was? It was a great experience. One that I'll never forget. And, now that I realise just how good it can be to fuck another women, it's one that I will definitely repeating as often as possible.