 PART I

Nikki is an attractive, intelligent, sexy, middle-aged woman who enjoys the occasional touch of lady. She and Jeff have been married for nearly 20 years and enjoy healthy and satisfying sex life. Jeff was aware of Nikki's bisexuality ever since they dated and in fact, Nikki 'dated' a woman on and off during the first few years of their marriage. Jeff was never threatened by it and was always supportive. In truth, it turned him on to picture Nikki pleasing and being pleased by a woman.

Nikki loves being with Jeff, and her oral talents are, as Jeff likes to describe it, 'highly developed.' Neither of them have strayed outside of their marriage other than for Nikki's occasional romp with Kara, the woman whom she was dating. Nikki would see Kara a couple times a month, or when the mood hit her. They'd do the girly stuff like shopping and going out for dinner and drinks sometimes. More often than not, they would end up at Kara's place and Nikki would usually spend the night.

Sometimes Nikki would bring Kara to the house to hang out with she and Jeff, or the three of them would go out. Mostly though, when Nikki and Kara got together it was without Jeff. And when they were intimate, it was always a private affair, no Jeff. Although this frustrated Jeff from time to time, the arrangement did have some benefits for Jeff. First, he would have an occasional night to himself, which he usually spent with his buddies playing cards or hitting the sports bars. Second, and the main benefit, Jeff would get to hear about some of the juicy details from Nikki's evening with Kara. It was like a verbal Penthouse Forum for Jeff. Nikki would usually kiss and tell in bed, which never failed to light Jeff's fire. Although Jeff respected Nikki and Kara's private moments, he was hopeful that one day they ask him to join in, or at the very least, watch them.

About 15 years ago Kara accepted a job that took her to the west coast. Nikki was disappointed but also knew that Kara's career aspirations might take her to a different part of the country. The kept in close contact after the move but their relationship wasn't the same. Nikki visited Kara once, a couple of months after she moved. They enjoyed each other's company and had fun, but the sizzle and sexual chemistry that was once so vibrant wasn't there. In fact, Nikki surmised that the lack of a spark may have been because Kara met someone else. Regardless, they continued to keep in touch after the trip, but it was the last time they'd see each other. Over the years the corresponded less and less, and today they hear from each other only on birthdays and holidays. Time and distance have a way of eating into relationships; out of sight, out of mind unfortunately.

Nikki hasn't been involved with a woman since, not out of chose mind you; Nikki still has Sapphic desires, but she simply hasn't met a woman that she is attracted to enough to and comfortable enough with to be intimate. However, that was about to change with Deidre.

Deidre, pretty, slender blond about ten years Nikki's junior, moved into a neighboring subdivision not far from where Nikki and Jeff lived. Looking to make a fresh start after a recent divorce, Deidre found a new job as a mortgage loan officer, enrolled in a Master's Degree program at the local university, and joined an aerobics class, which is where she met Nikki.

The class was crowded and Deidre found a spot in the row in directly front of Nikki. The first thing Nikki noticed about Deidre was her hair, beautiful, wavy, flowing blond hair. But it wasn't until Deidre turned and faced Nikki for the first time that she realized how beautiful Deidre was. Big blue eyes, slender figure, and smooth skin. Throughout the class Nikki couldn't help to notice that Deidre kept turning her head, staring at Nikki. Did she somehow know me from somewhere? Nikki thought. Or is perhaps flirting with me? Flirting can be a pretty powerful aphrodisiac.

The following week as class let out a massive thunderstorm rolled in. Bright lightening and loud thunders shook the walls. Nikki offered to share her umbrella with Deidre, and as they made a run for Deidre's car the strong wind blew the umbrella inside out. They got drenched. Running for cover they ended up in the adjuring café where they drank hot chocolate to warm up. Nikki believed, or wanted to believe, Deidre was flirting with her; holding eye contact just a little longer than what was comfortable, lightly touching Nikki's arm, eyeing her when she thought Nikki wasn't looking. Actually, Deidre was flirting with Nikki. The ladies chatted for nearly three hours; the start of what would become a close, intimate friendship.

Over the next several months they spent more time with each other, doing things that women do like shopping, dining, and going to movies. They got to know each other pretty well and when Nikki introduced Deidre to Jeff, he, like Nikki, was immediately taken by her attractive features. She was, in a word, sexy.

One Friday afternoon Nikki called Jeff at work to ask if he minded if she and Deidre grabbed dinner and a movie. Jeff was fine with it and actually welcomed a free night to himself so he could watch the World Series. He arranged to meet a few of his friends at the local sports bar and made a night of drinking beer and munching on wings. The game went into extra innings so he texted Nikki to tell her not to worry if he got home late. Nikki texted back. No problem. Will see you when you get home.

After the movie they went to Deidre's for a drink, and after having perhaps one drink too many, Deidre confided in Nikki that the reason for her divorce was because she had an affair, but not the typical affair. Deidre was involved with another woman! Nikki's mind raced and felt a warm sensation sear through her chest. A woman, she thought. Nikki became excited and aroused and struggled to keep her composure. Breath deep. Breath slow and deep. Keep it together, she told herself. Teary eyed, Deidre told Nikki that her husband felt threatened by her relationship with Amanda and couldn't deal with her having an affair, especially with a woman. Ultimately, they divorced, and Deidre, who still loves Brad, blamed herself.

Wondering if she disclosed too much, Deidre's thoughts wandered. Oh no, I can't believe I just told her. Should I apologize? Will she judge me? Did I embarrass her?

Nikki's mind raced too. Oh my God, I'm getting really turned on. Keep it together girl. Be supportive. Can she see that I'm getting hot. Oh God, don't let her see that.

Nikki sat up and held Deidre's hand. She confidently reassured her that a marriage's success or failure is never due to one person, it's a two-way street. She then told her how flattered she was that she was comfortable enough to share something so private and personal. Nikki reassured Deidre that she wasn't about to judge her in any way, and in fact, could relate. With a puzzled look, Deidre breathed a sigh of relief.

I need to tell her about Kara, Nikki thought. That would have her understand that I can relate to her situation. So she told Deidre that she too was involved with a woman some years ago. She told her about their time together, Kara's relocation, and how supportive Jeff was. They talked for over an hour, and their relationship had now become deeper, intimate. As Nikki prepared to leave Deidre surprised her by kissing her. Nikki felt a rush of blood go to her head. Deidre hugged thanked her for being such a great friend. Nikki was already turned, but now a kiss, wow. She instinctively returned the kiss, but on Deidre's cheek rather than her lips, and whispered good night to her friend. One in her car Nikki did her best to concentrate on driving, but she was really, really horny. Just wait until I get home, Jeff. I'm going to fuck your brains out.

Jeff walked through the door around midnight, expecting to find Nikki watching TV or in bed. However, there was no sign of Nikki. He checked his phone and sure enough, he found that Nikki texted him over an hour ago, saying that she would be later than expected. Going out with Deidre for a drink or two after the movie. Don't wait up. Jeff cracked opened a beer and settled down on the couch to watch sports center where he eventually fell asleep. It was about 1 am when he heard Nikki's car pull into the garage.

No sooner than she walked through the door Nikki immediately knelt down in front of Jeff, pulled down his shorts and underwear, and went down on him, waking him from his sleep. She gave him a long, slow, wet blowjob, and when he came she swallow every bit his warm cum. Next, she stripped and sat right on Jeff face, right there on the couch. Jeff licked her clit with his tongue, and, being so excited, she came within minutes. Nikki then slid onto Jeff and road him to two more orgasms before finishing him in her mouth again. Jeff wasn't sure what came over his wife, but wasn't about to question her.

Deidre was excited. Knowing that Nikki had also been involved with a woman really turned her on. She lay in bed fantasizing about being in bed with Nikki, imagining them kissing, licking, and sucking. Her fingers slid inside and she closed her eyes, imagining the feel of Nikki's skin, her aroma, and her taste. Removing her panties, she pulled out her trusty magic wand hidden beneath the mattress. Always conveniently plugged in, she switched it on and reinserted her fingers deep into her vagina. Her fingers slid in and out, and hearing that familiar squishy sound, she increased the pace. Quicker, harder, faster, she felt her orgasm building. She placed the wand over her clit, and upon the initial touch, her body shuddered. Moments later, her legs stiffened and her body buckled intensely. She was close. Faster, deeper, pressing the vibrator harder against her swollen clit, rotating, applying more pressure, and finally, her orgasm ripped through her entire body. She got even more turned on as she felt her wetness drip along the outside of her anus. Increasing the speed of the magic wand, she'd get off two more times before falling into a deep, satisfied sleep. If Nikki only knew. 

PART II

Nikki's phone vibrated with an incoming text from Deidre and she anxiously read the text. Interested in dinner tomorrow? Nikki responded nervously. You bet. Where? A minute or so passed. How about my place? We can order out, Chinese maybe and a movie? Nikki paused. They usually went out on Friday's. Sounds good. I'll bring the wine.

Nikki was anxious about the next night. Her infatuation with Deidre was growing and she knew that she wanted her. Don't read into anything this, she thought. Ordering in is just a change of pace. Still, she continued thinking about that kiss but even more so, the look in Deidre's eyes when they parted. Was it admiration, appreciation, lust or just her imagination?

Deidre left work early on Friday. She wanted to primp a little before her friend arrived, wanted to look her best. She took a warm shower and applied a lightly scented vanilla lotion, the one that Nikki likes, and she conditioned her hair with a similar scented conditioner. She thought about what to wear and settled on an olive green tank top, purposely with no bra, to go with her favorite form fitting jeans. This will work, she thought, and was comfortable with her choices. Casual, comfortable, and clean. This will do. I feel good. I look good.   

Nikki texted Deidre. On my way hun. Just stopping home to change then to pick up the Pinot Grigio. Deidre felt butterflies when she read the text. Nikki then texted Jeff. Will be with Deidre tonight. See you later. Jeff returned the text. Have fun. Will see you tonight, and after a quick shower Nikki slipped into a pair of jeans and chose a peach colored, casual short sleeve blouse. She slipped into her favorite sandals and off she went.

Deidre greeted Nikki with a big hug. Wow, she smells wonderful, Nikki thought. From the moment that Nikki arrived she sensed, or thought she sensed, something different. Deidre seemed a little tense, but had a certain allure about her. She was unsure if it was just her imagination.

Nikki made herself at home while Deidre ordered dinner. She opened the wine and filled both glasses and carried them to the living room. She sat on the sofa, in the same spot as last Friday when Deidre was so vulnerable. Nikki's mind raced. God, she looks great. So sexy. Ok, stay focused. Don't assume anything. Drink some wine, that will help.

Deidre sat beside Nikki and took a sip of wine. She suggested a movie with dinner, and both being Kevin Costner fans, chose and old classic, No Way Out. They sipped their wine and ogled over Costner until the doorbell rang. Dinner had arrived. After fixing their plates they returned to the sofa. God, she looks so divine, Nikki kept thinking. There was little conversation during dinner, both focused on the movie, but Nikki could sense that uneasy, yet alluring tension.

Once they finished eating Nikki took the paper plates into the kitchen and refilled their glasses while Deidre put away the left over Kung Po chicken and vegetable Lo Mien. When they returned to the living room Nikki noticed that Deidre sat a little closer to her, their shoulders practically touching. Humm, this is nice. Is she flirting again? Ok, I need to ask her about that affair. That will open things up. Get her talking about that. That's what I'll do. Ok, here goes. When Deidre reached for the remote to restart the movie, Niki placed her hand on Deidre's. Startled, Deidre looked over at Nikki.

"Wait," Nikki said. "I've been curious since last week. Your affair?"

"What about it? What do you want to know?"

"Well, if you're comfortable telling me, I'm interested how you met Amanda?

"Of course I'm comfortable. After all I'm the one who opened that door. We met at work. Amanda was single and bi, well, more like lesbian actually. I didn't know that from the start, but it wouldn't have made a difference. We started hanging out together pretty regularly. She was cool to hang out with and we had fun."

"Was Amanda the first woman that you were intimate with?"

"Yes. She was my first and only"

"And somehow it happened?"

"Well, yea. One night we were hanging out at her apartment, just watching TV and drinking wine, and well, one thing led to another, and we ended up in bed. Honestly I really don't remember how it happened, just that it did, and it was really unexpected and really nice. I mean, I really enjoyed being with her. I had never done anything like that before."

"How long were you guys together?"

"On and off for a few months. We slept together probably a half dozen times and it never got old. You know, I never thought I was bi, was never really curious about what it would be like to be with a woman before. But it was cool. Different than a man if you know what I mean."

"I do, or at least I think I do. What did Amanda look like?"

"She was really pretty. Not the prototypical lesbian at all. She had soft, light brown hair and beautiful, expressive brown eyes. Bubbly personality, always smiling. Fun to be around. Really cute is the best way that I can describe her."

"Were you in love with her?"

"Gosh no. Nothing like that. It was what I'd call lustful experimentation, at least for me. I knew she was sleeping with other women, but that didn't bother me. For me, I was simply enjoying the experience and was content with what we had going at the time. The sex though, was pretty darn good. You know how women just knows how, where and when to touch? Don't get me wrong, sex with Brad was good and at times very good, but sex with Amanda was different, more passionate and emotional. You know what I mean?"

"I think so. So what happened? How did it end?"

"Well, we slept together twice times before I felt that I had to tell Brad. I had no intention of leaving him or anything crazy like that, but I wanted to be honest with him. No secrets. Well, that was a big mistake because he didn't take to the news well. He threatened to leave me unless I broke things off Amanda, which I agreed to do. I wasn't about to risks losing my marriage, so I broke things off with her. However, about a month after Amanda and I were out with a few people from work. One thing led to another and well, I went home with her and I started seeing her again. Brad is pretty perceptive and got suspicious, so he had me followed. Well, you know the outcome. One night I came home from work and found that Brad moved out. We were divorced eight months later."

"And Amanda? Did you see her again?"

"Amanda didn't like or want any drama in her life, so she thought it best that we keep our relationship strictly platonic. She eventually moved on to someone else. We stayed friends for a while but didn't socialize outside of work, and I haven't seen or talked with her for several months. It's over."

"I'm sorry things turned out so badly for you."

"Me too, but that's in the past and I'm here now."

Deidre took a sip of wine. "You know, a lot of men fantasize about this stuff. Unfortunately Brad wasn't one of those guys. Lucky me, right? What about Jeff? Did you know about you and, what was her name, Carey?"

"Kara, and yes he knew and is one of those guys that would have loved to see me with another woman."

"You mean he hasn't?"

"Nope. It wasn't jealousy or anything like that. I have no issues there. I just didn't want a triangle thing, not knowing how Kara would be with Jeff and me. I wanted to keep it separate."

"So he wasn't curious or interested to participate or watch even?"

"I didn't say that. He very much wanted to and asked me all the time."

"And you said no?"

"Yea, I did. "Came close to inviting him a few times but he never played with us."

"Too bad for Jeff," Deidre chuckled as she finished her wine.

Nikki took a deep breath. She was getting really turned on by the conversation. Ok, so here goes nothing, and changed the subject by boldly asking, "So you're attracted to petite brunettes, huh?"

Nikki felt her heart race. Taking a sip of wine she added, "That's the type of woman you're attracted to?"

Deidre paused and turned toward Nikki. "Yes it is," she said directly before adding, "And if you're asking me whether I find you attractive, the answer is yes, I do. And I get the sense that the attraction is mutual, right?"

Nikki was really aroused at this point. She bit her lower lip and took a deep breath. "I think I need some more wine," she said, but before she could head toward the kitchen. Deidre gently kissed her hand and whispered, "Let's save the wine for later."

Nikki turned to face Deidre and into Deidre's blue eyes. "I want you", she said.

Both women's hearts were racing. "Come with me," Deidre said, and led Nikki by the hand to the bedroom. She followed Nikki inside the dimly lit room and closed the door. Standing in front of Nikki, and without saying a word, began unbuttoning Nikki's blouse, one button at a time.

"I've thought about this a lot," Deidre said.

"So have I," Nikki answered as she stepped closer to Deidre. She seductively ran her index finger over Deidre's lips, an. Deidre gazed into Nikki's soft, vulnerable eyes and kissed her hand, taking her middle finger inside her mouth to gently suck it. Her eyes remained fixed on Nikki's, gauging her reaction to the feel of her mouth upon her warm tender skin.

Deidre averted Nikki's luscious lips for another moment, holding her by the shoulders, engaging her earlobe with her lips, sucking and swirling.
