 I have written and submitted this story on a different site, using a pen name Alicia Dawn that I stopped using almost a year ago. I have a total of three stories under this name, and hopefully after correcting the many mistakes in each of them, I hope to post them on here. 

*

I sat at the counter, sipping my coffee while being mesmerized by the waitress serving the customers in the restaurant. Having caught the red eye from New York, I arrived rather early and being able to catch a little sleep on the plane, felt refreshed, even with the time difference.

I had planned on arriving early in San Francisco, just so I could take in some of the sights and relax a little before attending the Networking Conference and Logistics shows and seminars for the entire week. It was way too early to go to the hotel and register, so I strolled along the water front window shopping, taking in the sights as I came to this restaurant near the end at the trolley turnaround. 

I started thinking about Kevin and how he treated me. I felt like his personal servant. It seemed that the only time we got together was on the weekends, and then I was only there to serve him and his buddies beer and pretzels while they watched the games all afternoon. After cleaning up when they left, all he wanted to do was go to bed and make love, if you could even call it that. It was like, wham bam, now get some sleep; there is a big game tomorrow.

I had often asked him if we could go out and take in a show or do some window-shopping. Each time all I got was excuses. His favorite being that he had already invited all his buddies over and it was one of his favorite teams playing.

When I told him that I was leaving for San Francisco for the week, and would be gone from Friday until the following Monday, he cried and begged me not to go. When I had asked him why, he simply stated that he and the guys would be lost without me there. 

I blew a gasket hearing that. I stood up and told him to find someone else to train, because I quit. I turned and walked away from him, not looking back as he was begging me to stay. Suddenly it really felt very good knowing that I was finished with the asshole.

As I sat there staring at the waitress, I still considered myself straight. When I was in high school and during sleepovers I played spin the bottle and kissed a few of the girls on a dare. In college, it wasn't until after hearing how the other women in the dorm gossip how sensual it was being with a woman. Attending a sorority party, very drunk sorority sisters started making the moves on me, kissing and touching me. Being a little drunk myself I started getting into it when I realized what I was doing. Abruptly getting up and leaving her I left the party very hastily not to say the least very embarrassed. 

Sitting here now staring at this woman, I was admiring her figure and the grace with which she carried herself while waiting on her customers. I couldn't help but notice her full and firm calves, and the nice rounded butt covered in those form fitted jeans she was wearing. Even with the apron she was wearing covering her chest, I noticed her breasts were at least a C cup, and very firm. She appeared to be around five foot six or so, the same height I am.

Being twenty-six, she seemed to be a little younger than. Looking over at the reflection against the window, I could see my shoulder length auburn hair. Smiling at my reflection, I weighed as much today as I did back in high School, one hundred thirty five pounds. Rocking on my hips, let's not forget the firm rounded butt with my 36 C breasts. Although I couldn't see them in the reflection, I was told once my brown eyes were to die for. I had no problems with guys and the occasional women hitting on me.

While in my daydream world, a voice suddenly broke my concentration, "care for some more coffee?"

A little startled, "Oh, I'm sorry, what did you say?

"I asked if you cared for some more coffee ma'am."

"Oh no thank you, I think I've had enough for one day."

"Look, I get off in about thirty minutes, would you care to meet me around the corner at the trolley turnaround? There are a few benches there, we can sit and talk. Oh, and by the way, my name is Lauren, Lauren Shepard."

"I'm sorry, but I think I better be moving on." Feeling my face beginning to blush and spread down my neck and upper body, I knew was caught red handed staring at her.

Just as I was about to rise, I felt her hand on mine and for a second I felt a jolt, a wave of pure bliss pass over me. I believe she felt the same thing as I saw her eyes widen as if shocked at something.

"Please say you will be there, I promise, as soon as I can get free, I will be there."

"O... ok I stammered, I'll be there." I had no idea why on earth I agreed to meet this woman, who I just learned her name was Lauren.

"By the way, could you tell me your name?"

"Oh... ah... My name is Lacy Pierce." Embarrassing again that I had to think of what my name really was.

"Thank you Lacy, and please wait for me."

"Yeah, sure!"

Paying for my coffee and pastry I had eaten, I slowly started walking out thinking she was going to berate me for staring at her; she would have done it in the restaurant. At least doing it in front of everyone would make me look like the fool I knew I was.

As I sat on the bench waiting for Lauren to join me, my thoughts returned seeing her once more in my mind. Again I was brought back to reality as I felt someone sitting next to me.

"Thanks for waiting for me Lacy, I hope it wasn't too long of a wait for you?"

"No it wasn't. The air is a little cool, but I am enjoying it, but thanks for asking." 

"So tell me, where are you from?" 

"Actually I am from a small town in Iowa, but I currently live and work in New York as Network Project Manager. Are you from here?"

"Yes and no, I am actually from just outside of Oakland, across the bay, but moved here to create my own identity and life." As she was saying this to me, her head began to drop a little as if she was embarrassed about something.

Not really knowing what she meant by her own identity and life, I decided for the moment not to pursue it any farther. As we both sat dwelling in our own thoughts, she asked:

"I couldn't help notice you staring at me, can I ask you why?"

Half turning to face her, I felt my blush rising once more by my embarrassment. "I am so sorry for staring at you, I just don't know how to apologize or if my apology could ever be enough."

While speaking to her, I reached out and laid my hand on top of hers, "I just want..." 

I stopped speaking as I felt what I thought again was a wave of bliss washing over me. While staring into her emerald green eyes, I saw that she was feeling something also.

"Lauren..." "Lacy..." Both of us speaking at the same time.

"No, you go first," as she held my hand now in both of hers.

"What just happened, I mean did you feel what I just did?" As both her hands held mine, slightly squeezing them.

"I'm not sure, I've never felt anything like it before. It was like a calming peace passing through me. And you?"

"I guess it was pretty much the same thing. I thought of it as a wave of pure bliss. Like something I never felt before. I mean I have touched a lot of people in my life, but never before have I felt anything like this."

"I know, me too! I've touched a lot of people, especially in the restaurant, and I have never felt anything this peaceful and calming."

"So tell me Lauren, what do you think it means?"

"Well, I've heard stories, which I really don't believe, but I'd say we both found our soul mate, and it would be you and I, if you believe in that kind of stuff."

"Lauren, are you a lesbian?"

"Yes I am, are you?"

"No I'm not. At least I don't think I am. I kissed a few girls in high school on dares, even made out with a girl after getting drunk at a sorority party in college, but that's all I ever did. Hell, I just broke up with my old boyfriend. I've always seen myself getting married and having children, you know, the American dream kind of thing. What about you Lauren?"

"Well I've known I was a lesbian since I was at least ten years old. In high school I couldn't stop looking at the other girls in my class, and after PE, I stayed in the shower the longest, just so I could look that their naked bodies. That is why I moved across the bay, to get away from my family because they just can't understand how it is for me. They think all lesbian and gays are freaks."

"I'm sorry they have such a difficult time understanding you."

As we sat in silence, holding each other's hands, looking into her eyes, all I could see was the beauty they held within them.

"Lauren, I'm here until next Sunday for a network conference, and I, well, if you're not tied up or anything, I'd like to spend some time with you, to get to know you, and for you to know me. You have to work, and I have meetings to attend, but in between, I want to spend them with you."

"You really mean that, even knowing I am a lesbian?" I saw a hint of a smile, the kind that said, this really couldn't be true.

"Yes, I do mean that. I'm not making you any promises or anything, but let's just get to know one another and see where it goes from there."

Her hand went to the side of my face, lightly caressing it, "I'm not going to make any promises either, and yes, I also want to know all about you Lacy Pierce."

"Deal then, but I need to get to my hotel and check in, so do you want to come with me and after I check in, you can take me around showing me the sights?"

"I'd love to, but I'm afraid I smell like bacon and hamburgers, I need to shower and change first." As she wrinkled up her nose like she was smelled something bad. "Actually I only live about two blocks from here; why don't I clean up and we'll go and get you checked in, how's that sound?"

"Sounds great to me, I smell like New York, and six hours of flying, so we'll go to your apartment first, then to the hotel and start our tour from there?"

Grabbing her hand as I stood, pulling her up with me, "Lead the way, I'm already lost."

We started to walk toward her apartment, I was about to pull my hand away, but at that very moment, she turned her hand over and intertwined our fingers together. I gave her hand a gentle squeeze; it felt so natural to be holding her hand. As we passed other couples, only one or two looked at us holding hands, when I realized, this was San Francisco, for all I knew, it was where Gay Pride originated from. 

Arriving at her home, she had a very modest one-bedroom apartment. It was furnished with a worn sofa and end tables, but was clean. I noticed penciled drawings, both hanging on the walls and sitting on top of her stereo and end tables.

"Sorry about the place, but it's all I can afford on my tips and salary."

"You should see mine back in New York; It's only studio apartment, with no closet space. All my clothes are hanging on hooks on the walls." I could see expression in her face trying to imagine what that would look like.

"Are these drawings yours? They are so beautiful." There was a mixture of nudes and partial nudes with a few still life drawings.

"Yes, I've always wanted to do art, but never had the money for schooling, so I draw for fun and work at the restaurant. If you like there is some bottled water in the fridge, let me jump in the shower and I'll be ready in a jiffy."

Suddenly I had this terrible urge to pee, so I headed to the open door of the bathroom, thinking I could finish before she got ready and headed to take her shower. I stepped in, closed the door and pulled down my pants and sat on the toilet. As I was sitting there peeing, suddenly the door opens and Lauren starts to walk in. As she saw me sitting there, she froze, staring at me. I was just finishing up, but felt a tingle of excitement knowing she was standing there watching me.

As she started to stammer out an apology I said, "Wait," wiping myself and standing up, letting her see my pussy, with its neatly trimmed landing strip. I slowly reached down and started to pull my panties up, then my pants. Never before had I been so brazen and bold, especially with a person I barely knew. I walked up to her, still standing in the doorway; I stood close to her, saying: 

"I should have locked the door, my bad."

As I started to step through the door, I felt my breast brush against her arm, sending a jolt to my lower regions making me wet. 

I sat on the sofa, my back against the armrest, my feet stretched out. I heard the shower turn on, and realized, she never closed the door. I started thinking about what I had done in the bathroom a few minutes ago. I was kind of shocked at myself, but yet I knew that it had turned me on. I could feel the wetness seeping into my panties as I sat and thought about it.

I heard the shower being shut off and a moment later the shower curtain being drawn back. Suddenly I caught movement out of the corner of my eye and noticed Lauren walking out of the bathroom. When she saw me turn my head in her direction, she stopped and looked at me. She stood frozen, a towel in her hand about to dry her hair.

She was as naked as the day she was born. Her breasts were firm; her areolas were a mauve color and her nipples darker and stood out one-fourth inch and hard. Her stomach was flat. While holding my breath, I felt the juices from my pussy really wetting my now soaked panties.

"Sorry, I guess old habits are hard to break." She then took her towel and began to cover up.

"Don't be sorry. You have a beautiful body and nothing to be ashamed about." All the while I was squeezing my legs together trying to relieve the itch between them.

"Thank you, but I..."

"Please just act as if I was not here. To be honest, it pleases me greatly to be able to look at who you really are."

"Now you're starting to embarrass me, no one has said it that way to me before." I saw her cheeks begin to turn a rose color as her hand tried to hide her face.

Lauren quickly recovered and returned to the bedroom. Within minutes she was completely dressed and standing before me, holding out her hand to pull me up. As I took her hand, I felt that warm glow wash over me once more. In my mind I knew I was not a lesbian, but in my heart, I wasn't so sure any more.

Taking the trolley toward the hotel, we talked about the things we liked and hated. We talked about clothes and our favorite kinds of food. We both the loved the Italian flavors while also enjoying some of the Mexican flavors, such as tacos and burritos. We also had a thing for salsa and chips. Lauren said that they had a large Chinese community here and before I left, we're going to have enjoyed a Chinese cuisine. 

Checking in went rather smoothly. Rather than wait for the bags to be brought up, we each took a bag and headed to my room. Fortunately I was high enough where I did have a good view of the Golden Gate Bridge and part of the harbor.

While putting away my things and hanging up my dressier clothes for the convention, my mind was bouncing back and forth as how to handle it when it was time to start my shower. I didn't want to be embarrassed with her seeing how wet I had become, but again, maybe I wanted her to see, just to know the effects she really had on me.

Having finished my unpacking, my mind set on what I was about to do hoping that Lauren didn't think of me as a slut. I stepped to the side of the bed closest to the bathroom and began unbuttoning my blouse. Lauren was sitting in the chair on the opposite side watching me. Undoing the belt, and pulling down the zipper, I sat and started pulling off my shoes and socklets. Once off, it was the moment of truth. I stood, pulled down my jeans and stepped out of them. I removed my blouse, dropping it on the bed on top of my jeans. Taking a deep breath, causing my breasts to rise, I removed my bra dropping with the rest of my clothes, then my panties, which I purposely made sure I left on top of my clothes. Turning I walked into the bathroom for my shower.

Once inside the bathroom, I had to stop and grab the counter to steady myself and take a much- needed breath. I realized that I had been holding my breath the whole time I was undressing.

After taking my shower and drying off and doing my hair, I stepped back into the room to see Lauren still sitting in the chair as she looked up taking in my nudity. Her eyes drop to my breasts with my hardened nipples. Her eyes slowly drop to my stomach, then to my shaved mound. I feared that even though I had just took a shower, Lauren would be able to smell the juices wetting my pussy as she was looking at me. With a huge grin on her face, "Lacy, you are so beautiful." 

Blushing, I walked over and picked up the clean pair of panties I laid on the bed. I turned, and bent over in front of her putting on my panties. I quickly stood up, again feeling slightly embarrassed while continuing to get dressed. During this whole time, the smile never left Lauren's lips.

Now fully dressed, I picked up my jacket and purse, ready to leave. I retrieved the door keys and started to put them in my purse. As Lauren stepped up beside me, unknown to me why I did it, I took the spare key to the room and handed it to her saying:

"It has a limited use; it's only good as long as I am checked into this room, I want you to have it, just in case."

"Just in case of what?" She asked arching her eyebrows.

"Just in case I want you here to meet me here if my day is longer than expected."

I could see the edges of her lips begin to form into a smile as she took the key.

"You know, you're taking a big chance that I won't come in here in the middle of the night and ravish your body as you sleep." She was grinning ear to ear as she began to tease me.

"Maybe it's a gamble I am willing to take, let's see what happens." I said while opening the door, letting her step out into the hallway. This time she reached out and took my hand in hers as we walked down the hall towards the elevators.

For the rest of the afternoon, we joked and laughed and basically had a good time. We took a horse and buggy tour together as she pointed out some of the interesting points of the bay area. Every now and then, during our quite moments, I would catch her looking at me with those emerald eyes. I wished that I could read her mind, but then thought that maybe she also wished she could read mine.

As the sun started to set, a great debate began as to where and what to eat. Lauren said that she knew a place with great food, candle lit tables, and not too far from the pier. With her arm encircling around my waist, we slowly headed toward the restaurant.

Our bellies were full as the meal was to die for. Smoked salmon over a bed of linguini. The red wine she ordered was also out of this world. Slowly making our way back towards the trolley turnaround, Lauren stopped and pulled me around to face her.

"Lacy, I know this is kind of brash of me, but would you spend the night with me, I mean just be with me. I promise I won't do anything, but I just want to hold and snuggle up to you. This all seems like a dream to me, and I'm afraid that in the morning I'll wake up and I'll never see you again and I can't let that happen."

Reaching out, I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her in close, hugging her tightly. I pulled back and looked into her eyes, "Yes, I would love to spend the night with you."

Again I hugged her tightly as I felt her arms tighten up on me also.

"I kind of feel the same way you do, and I was trying to dig up the nerve to ask if I could spend the night with you also, but you beat me to it. I'm glad you asked me." With our foreheads pressed together.

Separating we held onto each other's hand while making our way to Lauren's apartment.
