 I had the deepest nights sleep I've had in months. I must have fallen asleep at 9 pm and slept right until my alarm sounded. Nobody needs Lunesta, you just need a talented woman! What a great way to start off a Monday.

I walked to my desk and followed my usual routine but I felt like I was floating on air. Jackie seemed to take note in perky attitude, "Somebody got laid this weekend."

"What? What makes you suggest that," I said defensively.

"Nobody is this happy on a Monday morning. Besides I didn't hear from you the rest of weekend after the party. And you left with Micaela and Mark," her eyes glared deep at me like a parent interrogating their teenager after being out all night."

"So what that I left with them. We decided to hang out.... Did anyone else notice I left with them," I said in a panic. Oh, I had blown it that was way too obvious of a question.

"Ah ha so you had sex with them. Wait them or her," she asked curiously.

"Them? What do you mean them?" She said it so casually like she was aware there was a "them."

"You don't think I know about their little friendship deal? I know everything. Just try to get off your cloud 9 so the rest of the office doesn't know. Hmmmm," she said with a parenting tone still. I blushed and returned to work. She was right. I needed to compose myself.

I tried to focus and get back to work. What had I gotten involved in? I'm not in high school anymore. I need a real relationship not games. I went through that phase already. Sure it's fun for a while but eventually everyone moves on and you're alone when the funs over.

"Knock...Knock. My meeting is over," Micaela's voice whispered. 

"To what do I owe this visit," I said hoping it was personal not business.

"We've just acquired a new contract. One that requires some travel and overtime. Interested?" She waited a moment and before I could even get a reply out, "Did I mention time with me," she offered as a persuasive device.

I smiled, "What makes you think this is a contract I'm qualified for exactly?" I was flattered at the opportunity but also wanted to make sure it was for professional reasons first and foremost.

"It's not a favor. You've never had a customer complaint. You've never turned down a project. You're here early and late as needed even at last minute's notice. You scrutinize all your work to ensure it's with the highest standards. The personal time would just be a well-timed perk," she said seriously.

"Fair enough. When and where?" I said trying to not seem overly excited.

"Phoenix, Arizona. Leaving in 4 days," she said warily hoping the short notice wouldn't lead me into backing out.

"I'll start packing," I said with a smile.

She smiled. "Don't forget to bring something to do in your free time," She said looking around to see if anyone could hear her. "I assumed we could just share a room," she said before walking away. 

I barely accomplished any work for the rest of the day. I spent my afternoon day dreaming about all the possible ways to spend my free time with her. I was going to be losing a lot of sleep on this trip.

The days flew by and before I knew it I was on my way to the airport. We met up at the US Airways line and checked in our bags. We made our way through the dragging security line. Sitting at the gate waiting for our time to board was our first real chance to get to know each other. I needed something to preoccupy my time since I can't stand flying. What better way than admiring how different Micaela looks not wearing business attire? She was dressed casual in white sneakers, blue jeans, and a yellow hooded sweatshirt. She looked adorable no matter what she wore. 

"Now boarding rows 8 – 12 UA3536 with service to Phoenix," the airline attended shouted.

We made our way to our seats and drowned out the sound of the flight attendant's safety instructions. "I've got a confession to make," Micaela stated. Her breathing seemed short and rapid, "I'm scared to fly." Suddenly, I didn't feel so bad because deep down I was terrified too. "Hold my hand," I smiled as I held my palm open. She took my hand, squeezing hard throughout take off and slowly released once we were high into the air.

"We've got a business dinner Sunday evening but until then our schedule is free. Our room has a jacuzzi tub," she smiled.

"Sounds like you already have the evening planned," I said curiously.

"Oh, I have a few ideas in mine. I don't think you'll have any objections," she said with confidence.

We made small talk throughout the flight but all I could think of was making it to the hotel room. Upon landing we grabbed out luggage and took a cab to our hotel. We dropped our bags off to our room. "I just need to freshen up real quick before we go to dinner," she said pulling her sweatshirt over her head. Her ribbed shirt underneath bunched up revealing her stomach and belly button as she wiggled the sweatshirt off. I could barely resist my urge to wrap my arms around her. She disappeared to the bathroom for a few minutes to adjust her makeup and returned, "Ready?"

We made our way to the restaurant and ordered a few beers to loosen our nerves. "So do you only like girls," she asked. "Have you ever liked guys?"

I paused for a moment," I like woman. I can find men attractive on occasion but I only date women."

"I don't that I could ever date a woman but I don't blame you. Your lips are so much softer than any man's. Your skin is smooth and soft. You can feel passion in your touch. Sex with a woman is so much different than with a man," she spoke with passion and sincerity.

"There's a bond felt between two woman, a connection no man can ever feel with a woman. It's an indescribable connection and that's what draws me to women. A woman is never as she seems on the surface. The most innocent church attending woman has a wild side. The strongest butch always has a soft side. I love the journey of discovering the alternate personality. I love the adventure," I replied.

"So what's my alternate personality," she asked. I leaned back and my mind seemed to go somewhere else for a moment. After a few moments of careful analysis, "You battle submission and dominance. You dominate the work place by day and submit to pleasing your lover at night. You yearn to be controlled and be in control."

She seemed surprise at the accuracy of my analysis, "What's it like to fuck a woman?" 

"It's a rush of excitement knowing the power and control you have over another person. A position to not abuse. It's not all about control though, it's also about protection. I am in a trusted position when someone submits to me and I'm careful that even in the roughest moment I don't cause harm." 

I could see her thoughts spinning, taking in what I said. "Have you ever let a woman fuck you?"

"Once...." I hesitated to not elaborate but feared that would not be the last of her questions.

"What happened?"

"I didn't trust her." She seemed puzzled at my response but didn't push, recognizing my brief responses indicated it was not a subject I intended to discuss.

"...Do you trust me," she asked. Thankfully before I was forced to provide a response the waitress returned to the table with our check. We paid the bill and returned to our room. She laid down on the bed and sighed. I climbed onto the bed next to her and ran my fingers under her shirt across her stomach. I pulled her close and kissed her. I unbuttoned her jeans with my right hand and slid my hand under them. I could hear her gasp with anticipation before I even touched her. She was extremely wet. I rubber her clit until she came. I could barely enter her since her jeans left little room. "Did you bring it with you ," she asked. I kissed her sweet lips and got up. I pulled my strap-on from my suit case and began to undress. I could feel her gaze upon me as I slid my strap-on up my legs to my waist. 

I returned to the edge of the bed and leaned forward, removing her jeans and thong in motion. She moved to her knees removing her shirt and bra before my eyes. Her breasts were at perfect height for me to place my mouth on her nipple. They were large and beautiful. I could make her come just by squeezing her nipple. I loved her ability to have continuous orgasms and envied the ease at which she came. I climbed onto the bed and laid on my back. I sat between my legs, leaning forward kissing my body all over. She teased my nipples, stomach, and sides with her tongue. I reached below her and took my cock in my right hand. I gathered her long hair in my left hand. She looked at me puzzled. She took the cock in her hand without question. "I want you to suck it," I said. She followed my command willingly, taking her tongue to my shaft and licking me all the way to the head. She teases me by sucking the head making me want to watch her take more of me in. I watch my shaft begin to disappear into her mouth. My hand pulls at her hair and her head bobs up and down on my cock. It's a thrill I can't even begin to explain. She can see my excitement and the arousal it brings without me even being able to feel her. 

She sat up and straddled me. She slid me easily inside of her. I felt like I was on the verge of orgasm as I watched her ride me. She took in every inch with ease. Within minutes she came. She climbed next to me and kissed me. I grabbed a pillow in one hand and stood up and reached for her hand with my other hand. I threw a pillow over the desk to provide some cushion and she leaned forward over the edge. Her ass was in the air waiting for me to fuck her doggy style. I smacked her ass two times and slid my cock inside her. I firmly place my hands on her hips thrusting as hard and fast as I could. So hard you could hear my skin slapping against her. Her moans were so loud I was certain anyone down the hall could hear us. After she came, I slowed my strokes to become long and slow. She was so sensitive she gripped the pillow with all her might. She exploded in orgasm, this one far more intense than the first. When I pulled out, I could see her cum dripping down her leg, "Oh my god that felt good!" 

She went over to the jacuzzi and started the water. She came back over and grabbed my hand. "Your turn," she said as she led me over. I slid my strap-on off and climbed into the jacuzzi. I propped myself on the tub edge up against the corner. She sat between my legs kissing my thighs teasingly. I gripped her hair tightly in my left hand and she slid two fingers inside of me. She felt so good inside of me. She licked my clit as she finger fucked me. "Oh, Micaela," I pulled her hair hard as I came.

We spent the rest of the evening relaxing in the jacuzzi until we couldn't stay awake any longer. I slept with my naked body spooning hers. I awoke the next morning to her fingertips stroking my stomach. 

"Good morning, sexy," I said opening my eyes.

"Time for some coffee," she said. She got up and started the coffee maker. She fixed two cups and sat down in a chair.

She seemed to not take any notice of her nudity. I got up and sat in the chair across from her. We talked about our lives. First experiences, past experiences, people who had come and gone in our lives, and where we hoped to be in the future. We talked with ease as if we had been best friends forever. I finished my coffee and crawled back into bed. She came back to bed with me. She began kissing my neck and nibbling on my ear. "Do you trust me," she asked repeating her question from last night's dinner conversation. I hesitated. She slid her middle finger inside of my pussy and repeated her question, "Do you trust me?" I moaned and she pushed her finger deep inside me, "Yes." She slid her index finger inside me as well. Her thrusts made me hips buck in the air. 'I want to fuck you," she said. "I want to show you how could it feels. Trust me," she whispered. 

She fumbled for a moment and slid the strap-on up to her hips. She blushed slightly at the awkwardness of such a contraption. She rubbed the lube over the dildo. It hurt a little as she entered me but it felt good at the same time. She leaned forward and kissed me, "I won't hurt you. I promise." She moved slow and cautiously at first. My finger circled my clit and she fucked me. She enjoyed being in control. I bit her shoulder when I came it felt so good, an experience I never had before. 

She opened my world to a new experience as I had done for her. The rest of the trip was blurred in my mind now. One day seemed to collide with the next. We fought to get our work done quickly during the day and back into each other's arms at night. It was that trip that she first had said she loved me. We never openly dated. She continued her relationship with Mark and other men. I saw her when I could. We had lunch and dinner dates and hook ups. We had become more than friends emotionally but we never could be together. We never got another trip together like Arizona but I'd travel to see her when she was on the road. After I switched career paths things never were the same. We drifted apart and I began to take an interest in a new love. Our love affair had to come to an end.