 Chapter 02: More Options 

Shelly toweled her straight hair as she appraised the reflection of her lithe body. She thought once more that her breasts were too small, but several weeks of workouts had chiseled away at her tummy until her abs gained definition. She ran her hands over her trim hips and gazed at her slit barely concealed beneath a thin blonde triangle. Her figure contrasted so nicely with Barb's lush curves. Not bad, she smiled to herself.

In the next room Barb tried to concentrate on a paper. Between the lure of intimate messages on her computer and the awareness of her roommate's damp body fresh from the shower and so near, Barbara's concentration wavered.

"So I got this totally hot e-mail this afternoon," Shelly began.

"Mmm hmmm," Barb answered.

"Yeah . . . ." Shelly presented the facts as she baited her beautiful roommate. "She's really cute—"

"Mmmm."

"And she's really flexible . . . ."

"Mmmm."

"And she's a 'squirter' . . . ."

"Mmmm."

Shelly smiled into the mirror as she wrapped a thick towel around herself.

"What? She's a what?"

"You heard me," the blonde laughed through the partially open door. She heard Barbara mutter, "Fuck this!" and the keyboard clacked. Shelly continued, "Yeah, at least that what she says." She could feel herself respond at the thought.

"A 'squirter'? You know how much I love that!"

Shelly peered around the corner. "I know, Babs. But that's not the best part."

"Hmmm," Barb sighed. Her eyes wore a dreamy glaze. "How could it get much better?"

"Well, she's black, like 'dark chocolate' black. Really beautiful," Shelly said as she entered the living room. Her towel barely covered her vee and Barb kept peeking, hoping for a good look.

"Sixty percent cacao?"

"More like seventy five. But lemme finish. She sent some photos, including a pic of her kitty, and you won't believe— Here, just let me show ya, 'kay?"

Shelly scooted to her computer and logged into her account. In seconds she had accessed her messages and found the entry. It opened with a few lines of smoldering text, including the sender's description of how she got off looking at Barb's pictures.

"You should be sooo proud," Shelly told her. "She said it was one of the best cums she'd had in a long time. She loved thinking about your gorgeous lips—"

Barbara giggled. The two had been lovers for three months and still could not get enough of each other.

Shelly scrolled down past the photo of a cute college student with a perfect smile, past an arousing photo of two dark, delicate hands pinching stiff, espresso-colored nipples. She stopped on the third picture.

"Hmmm, yeah, here. She was thinking about your gorgeous lips on this!"

"Holy shit!" Barb gasped. Dark fingers spread the luscious brown morsel and held the damp labia apart. Her center glowed an inflamed pink and some of her fluids coated the bottom of her glistening slit. But the most striking feature was the bright clitoris surrounded by a very dark hood. It looked like a shiny pink pearl peeping out from a cocoa oyster.

"I know! And she wanted your lips on that! Cool, huh? Got me so hot I had to take care o' business myself when I saw it."

"Holy shit!" Barb fixated on the screen. "Damn, it reminds me of those chocolate-covered cherries you'd get at Valentine's Day. Oh, God, that has me so, like, instantly horny."

"How horny, Babs?" The two young women locked eyes. Shelly's heart pounded as she imagined nibbling on the brunette's lovely womanhood. Barbara's heart pounded as she imagined having her lovely womanhood nibbled by the beautiful blonde. Barb leaned back in her chair, legs parted. Shelly dropped her towel to the floor, knelt and took her reward.

Shelly consumed Barb with great tenderness. While Shelly's tongue and lips made love to Barb's delicate folds and slick skin, Barb concentrated on the erotic image. When her labia were suckled, she imagined the labia pictured on the computer screen being lipped and savored in the same way. When the warm tongue tip slithered across her clit, she dreamed of tasting their cyber-friend's glowing bud. Soon Shelly's exquisite mouth and the graphic photo had her on edge.

Shelly lost herself in Barbara. She had masturbated to the photo and it left such a sweet afterglow. She knew Barb would want to stare at it while she came, too. So she contented herself in guiding the trembling brunette through two delightful climaxes. Only then did she allow her head to be pushed from between the wet, muscular thighs. Shelly helped Barb into bed and they cuddled.

"Are you okay, Shell?"

"Mmm Hmmm! I don't think I'll ever get tired of how you taste."

"Mmmm, thanks. But—are you okay?"

"You mean do I need to cum?"

"Yeah, hon," Barbara blushed. "Do you need to?"

"In a little. I just want to hold you for now, 'kay?"

"Okay." Barbara let herself relax, secure and treasured in Shelly's arms.

"What are we doing for your birthday?" Shelly whispered in her ear.

"Hmmm, how 'bout more of this?"

"Well, duh! No, really, we should do something special. What do you want to do?"

"I dunno. Guess I haven't thought about it too much." Barb's eyes were closed. Shelly could not stop gazing at Barb's lovely face, and the exquisite lips curled in a tiny smile of bliss.

"Well, you gotta tell me 'cause it's, like, tomorrow."

"No, it's, um, three days from now."

"Babs, when's your birthday?"

"The ninth, silly."

"And what's the date today?"

"Um, it's the sixth. Right?"

"Noooo, it's the eighth!"

Barbara's eyes flashed open. "What?"

"Yuh huh. You're silly! It's tomorrow. And—it's your biggie, too! So, I'll go slow so you can keep up. Tomorrow, your twenty-first birth-day, you can have a special ce-le-bra-tion. But . . . you . . . must . . . tell . . . me," Shelly felt Barb start to giggle and lowered her voice to sound ominous, "what . . . you . . . want . . . to . . . do." The two dissolved in laughter.

As the moment passed, Barb admitted, "Jeez, Shell, I don't know."

"Okay, let me give you a few options. We can go out for dinner," Barb raised her eyebrows. "Or a movie," Barb's nose wrinkled. "We could stay in and have fabulous sex—"

"Yeah, that one!" She panted like a puppy.

"Oh, my cute little slut," the blonde cooed, rubbing her nose in the light brown hair until she found the skin of Barb's neck. "But I'd like to do something special—"

In a tone of a princess commanding a vassal, Barb said, "Then you may eat me until I beg for mercy." She giggled.

Shelly's mood changed in an instant. "Babs, please, be serious for a minute."

"Okay, Shell. I'm sorry." Barbara sounded hurt and Shelly immediately felt a twinge of guilt. She had to remind herself that Barb's feelings could be so fragile.

"No, you don't need to be sorry." The tall blonde sighed in frustration. "It's just that I want to do something really, really special for you. With you. My twenty-first was over the break—"

"I know. I missed you horribly—"

"I missed you, too, and it just sucked! I don't want to miss out on this one. And maybe we can make up for my suckie birthday while we're at it."

"I called."

"I know, but by the time I could call you back it was late and I was, like, too sad, you know? I didn't want to bum you out, too."

"You could've called."

"I should've."

"I'd have cheered you up."

Shelly hugged her friend. "Thanks, Babs."

Barb sat up and looked into her lover's face. The brunette's blue eyes glowed. "Okay, Shell. So, what'd you want to do on your birthday that you didn't get to do?"

"You mean, besides eat you until you begged for mercy?" she asked to lighten the mood once more.

"Yeah, besides that," Barbara giggled.

"Well, I wanted to have a really nice, romantic dinner with candlelight, staring into the eyes of someone who means a lot to me. I wanted to come home and have a hot bubble bath for two, maybe with a little champagne. I wanted to trade long, slow, sensual massages with scented candles. And I wanted to make long, slow, amazing love before falling asleep in a hot, like, tangle-cuddle."

"Wow," Barb whispered. After a few seconds, she said "You told me you had a family dinner. I mean, that sounds, nice."

"We had a family dinner 'cause my friends from home were either all gone or already busy. My little brother kept farting at me—God, he's such a dork! And my uncle patted me on the head, gave me ten bucks and a can of beer."

"Damn! That was a shitty birthday. Um, okay, let's do the 'dinner and—' thing."

"Deal!"

"Good. Now, you wanna get dressed, before, um—" Barbara's voice dripped meaning as it trailed into silence.

"Before, what?" Shelly asked rhetorically. Then, "Uh, uh." She rolled onto her back and beckoned her roommate with a crooked finger and a come-hither smile.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *