 I want to worship your cunt.

No don't worry about me baby. This is all about you. I want you just to sit back and enjoy. Don't worry, I'm going to enjoy this every bit as much as you do. Nothing gets me wetter than your pleasure.

Tomorrow, when you're gone, but I can still taste you on my lips, that's when I'll look after my pussy. And when I do, when I'm fingering myself deep inside, I'll be thinking about this. About you. About your beautiful cunt. About the slow lingering kisses I'm going to shower all over it. 

So don't worry, I'll get mine. Every second of pleasure I give you, I'll relive a thousand times in my dreams. Does that turn you on? Knowing that as soon as your gone, my hands will be down my pants dreaming about your delicious pussy.

So just sit back and relax. Actually maybe you could lose the skirt first. No keep the panties on for now. Oh yes, that's it turn around and show me some of that arse as you pull down that tight little skirt. You really are one sexy chick you know that? 

You want to keep the boots on? Well that's a little ķinky but I don't have a problem with that.

OK that's right. Just sit back and relax. Maybe the top should go as well. The bra too? I think that makes sense. It is a very pretty bra but not as pretty as your tits. 

You know I think they're sexy. Everything about you is sexy. Yes I don't mind at all giving them a little attention before getting down to business between your legs. 

Here let me cup them like this, so big and so firm, like ripened fruit. Let me kiss your nipples and, Ooh, they feel good. Does that feel good for you baby? Does it get you wet feeling my tongue flick over your nipples, knowing that soon it'll be flicking over your clit.

Playing with your tits certainly gets me wet. Are you getting wet, darling? You don't mind if I just let my hand trail down and find out for myself do you?

Oh, you are. Fuck that's exciting. Touching your wet cunt, feeling your juices soak into your panties. It gives me goosebumps baby. Oh yes it does. You know it does. 

Fuck it's too exciting. I know I'm meant to be playing with your tits but now I've started on your pussy I'm not sure I can stop. 

OK. Phew. Lets take a minute and regroup. You stay there and let me just look at you for a moment. You are an absolute peach. Sitting there like, naked apart from those really cute white cotton panties. You really are quite delightful. I could eat you up. Fuck it, I am going to eat you up. 

Here let me kneel down before you and worship your beauty. We got a little ahead of ourselves just there. I know, my fault. I let my excitement get the better of me. But we've got all afternoon and I think we use. And a pussy as lovely as yours deserves to have a little time spent on it. 

Here let my start by running my hands up your thighs. Not your inner thighs, not yet. I'm just going to stare into those big brown eyes of yours and run my finger tips from just above your knees up to your waist.

Do you like that? I can tell from the way your holding your breath you do. 

Now let's do that again but let me part your thighs a little this time. That's it, just enough to give me a glimpse of your crotch. 

That's right you brazen little hussy. I'm staring right at your cunt. Don't pretend to be shy, I know you like me looking.

Its only a glimpse though and you've still got your panties on. So I don't think that's quite enough. That's right open those legs a little wider for me. Lovely.

Now then, a little kiss. Just here by your knee. Its just a little kiss, nothing too raunchy. No need to quiver like that. 

It's alright. I'm only teasing. You quiver if you like. I like it when you do. 

And now, another little kiss. Slightly longer, slightly wetter and slightly higher up. You are enjoying this aren't you? 

And another and another, right along your inner thigh. Each kiss more succulent and lingering than the last.

I don't know how this is for you but the anticipation for me is almost unbearable as each kiss gets me closer and closer to your sweet juicy treasure.

So close now, the fabric of your panties are almost brushing at my cheek. I place one final smooch on the very edge of your pants, my wet lips smudging the fabric. 

Then I stop. My face is poised before the gusset of your panties. I can hear your breath coming fast and shallow. I lean in and inhale deeply. Fuck, you even smell good. 

I lean in and place my lips against the fabric just where I know your clit must be. And then, very briefly, kiss it. It turns me on to hear you moan in response. 

I sit back on my haunches and look up at you and smile. Your eyes are aflame with desire and it thrills me to have had this effect on you. 

I decide that I've got way too many clothes on so take off my top as well. Im not wearing a bra. 

Oh do you like them? I'm glad you do. I don't think they're as nice as yours though. Why don't you play with them baby. That's right, why don't you gently play with your tits while I take care of your pussy.

You know you look so sexy when you play with yourself? Watching you touch yourself is almost as much fun as touching you myself. Almost.

Now then, its time those panties went. No let me do it. Let me just slide them over those smooth long legs of yours. They get a little tangled in the boots you're still wearing. Freeing them is a little awkward but you look cute and sexy with your knickers round your ankles.

Here we are. All gone. Much better. 

Fuck your pussy really is lovely. Even nicer than I remember it. 

No need to feel embarrassed. You know I like a bush. Its womanly, it's sexy. It makes your pussy look cute and demure when you walk round with no clothes on. And it makes it look wild and sexy when you spread it for me and I can see your pink juicy bits poking out through the fur. 

That sound good? Can you spread your legs for me? Oh, don't be shy. I know you love it. Spread them wide so your juicy pussy lips start to open. Yes, it's slutty, that's why is exciting. 

Umm, yes that's it. Do it slowly and I can watch your hot pink slit appear out of your bush. Christ you look sexy like that. Your pussy opening up for me like a flower. I can see how wet you are, wet and wanting. 

Oh yes, I know you want it. I want it too, I want you, beautiful. I want to lick and suck and kiss it. I want to lose myself between your legs, I want to drown in that gorgeous cunt, your juices streaming down my face and my throat and deep into my soul. 

Like I said, I really do want to worship your cunt. 

So here I come.

Can you feel me leaning in between your wide spread legs, my hands flat against your parted inner thighs?

I kiss you again. Still on your thighs but so close I can feel your bush just tickling my cheek.

I kiss your thigh on the other side as well. I give you a little lick along where your thigh meets your groin. 

I shower you with slow little kisses, on your thighs and just below your belly button, so close now. I can smell your hot animal scent and its intoxicating. I know how much you must be wanting this now. 

And now here we are. The main event. A kiss, a slow lingering kiss, open mouthed, wet, succulent placed softly, freshly on your wet, succulent cunt. My lips pressed against your clit, your pussy lips lightly furrowed by my lips. 

I don't need to hear your sweet moans to feel the throb of your desire but it pleases me to hear them anyway. I must be getting nearly as wet as you are. 

Now a lick. Not down your slit, not yet. More teasing I'm afraid. I know, I'm such a bad girl. 

But I don't want to just get straight down to the obvious stuff, I want to lick my tongue into every last corner of your cunt.

With the pointy outstretched tip of my tongue I flick into the little space between your inner and outer lips and pushing in give a broad lick upwards from the base of your pussy.

I do the same on the other side, your juices smearing on my face. Then I place my lips around your labia and suck and kiss on them. I feel you quiver, I know you're liking this.

And lets just pause for a minute. I pull back to look at your beautiful sodden pussy and up to your face and those beautiful brown eyes. Simply breathtaking.

You want to know why I've stopped. Don't worry I haven't had enough. I don't think I could ever have enough. But there's no hurry and anyway I've got something you might like.

No it's not a sex toy. Some other time maybe but I don't want anything coming between us. When you do come I want you to come full on my face with my tongue buried deep inside you. 

But we should enjoy this, this is ladies time, elegant, sensuous, sophisticated cunnilingus. I want to eat you out in style. What could be nicer than having your pussy licked while you sip on a cool Verve Cliquot? 

You like the sound of that. I have a bottle in the kitchen. Sound good? Yes? OK, I'll be two seconds.

Just you wait there. No don't you dare close those legs you little slut. I want you all wet and open for me. Two seconds.

...

OK here we are honey, a cold bottle of vintage Verve and two glasses. Oh I see you couldn't wait. That's OK, just slow it down for me. I don't want you to come before I'm ready for you. Slide those fingers slowly inside yourself. 

I'm very happy to watch you finger yourself while I sort the drinks. I'm sorry baby did that pop startle you? Christ you look sexy masturbating. Here's your drink. You've got one free hand right? And here's mine.

Cheers.

You want a kiss. Well of course. I love the fact you don't mind kissing me even when my face must stink of your pussy. Perhaps you like it? Hmm, I thought so you filthy bitch.

Oh honey. I always love kissing you. But kissing you like this, with your mouth full of champagne, your tits out and your fingers in your cunt, umm hmm. It's electrifying.

Now where were we?

Oh yes, your pussy. And my tongue. My tongue in your cunt, thrusting up into that hot little hole of yours. Well not quite yet but that's what s next.

Now then give me that hand. Take a little sip of your champagne while I look in the eye and suck your pussy juice off your hands. That's right, I want every last drop.

Now then, I splash the champagne over your belly button. Oh that sexy little gasp, is it cold sugar? Sometimes a bit of cold can be fun. And now your pussy tastes like champagne.

Here let me lap it up. 

Deep broad licks, deep in that coral pink slit of yours. Deep, slow licks from your hole to your clit.

That more like it baby? Is this what gets you off?

Is this what you expect when the hot girls get down and dirty between your thighs? I expect all the girls want a taste. Don't worry I'm not jealous. Its sexy, thinking about all those hot, pink tongues thrusting away inside you.

But its my tongue inside you now. And I'm going to make you feel better than any of those other sluts could. Yes I am.

I keep licking. Keep hearing your moans, feeling your body responding, adapting my rhythm so our bodies are in sink.

But then a change of pace. I dart my tongue quickly back and forth over your clit, sending those sharp little jabs of pleasure deep into your core.

And then I kiss you. I open my whole mouth and place my wet open lips against the wet open lips of your pussy. I suck. I take deep long sucks on your cunt. I told you I wanted to drown inside you. And as I suck I stick my tongue as deep into your wet, pink hole as I can. I fuck you with my tongue as I kiss your cunt.

Fuck you, kiss you, drink you. 

I break off and smile up at you, giggling a little. You look back at me, almost delirious with pleasure.

Take another sip of your champagne, thats it, good girl.

Back to business. My tongue darts around your pussy, exploring the topography of your pleasure, the anatomy of your desire. 

This idolatrous craving for your pussy, its such an animal, base thing but it feels so heavenly. Your juices flow so freely, its like they're seeping into me. Its like I'm kissing your soul and not your bush.

I kiss you again. I've forgotten about the champagne, forgotten almost about the rest of you. Its just me, my tongue and your cunt.

Its like your cunt is the truth of you and its all open to me, to know you so fully, to know everything about. This thing we're sharing, its so intimate its almost painful. But so delicious.

I feel light and ecstatic feeling your ecstasy rising. I know its close now and I don't want to tease anymore. Couldn't if I wanted to. You've stripped me bear.

I start to shiver and shake as I feel you shiver and shake.

And you come. 

Your orgasm breaks over me like a wave and for a moment everything goes blank as though I've come too. I press my face as deep inside as I can get and feel your storm raging around me, soaking myself in your come.

Fuck.

Oh fuck indeed.

And suddenly I'm in your arms and we're kissing, more passionately then I think I've ever kissed anyone, bare bodies held close , our tits pressed together as little puddles of champagne collect unnoticed around discarded glasses.

Fuck that was good. 

What now? You want to go down on me? Well if you insist but pour me another glass of bubbly before you do.