 Teresa was an ordinary woman. She had married Nick 7 years ago. Things had been pretty good with them. She was happy with her life. Teresa had a job three days a week at the local bookstore. It didn't pay real well but it got her out of the house. It also let her do her second favorite thing, read.

Today she felt a little risqué; she wore a one-piece dress that zipped up the front from bottom to top. She wore nothing underneath it.

Since this was the middle of the week, there weren't any people in the store when she arrived. She took over from Jack and settled in to read one of the books. She was so into her book that she jumped when the door opened.

"Hi, welcome to Ron's Books," she said to the beautiful woman coming in the door. "My name's Teresa. Is there something I can help you with?"

"No thank you. I'm just browsing."

Well, okay, if you need anything just let me know."

"I will thanks."

The woman disappeared into the racks. Teresa went back to reading her book and more or less forgot about the woman.

Teresa began to wonder about the woman after she had been gone for a while. She put down her book and went looking around the store. She didn't see the woman in any of the racks up front and that only left the small room in back where the adult books were kept. She moved slowly into the small room. As she came around one corner, she saw the woman reading one of the books. Her skirt was up above her waist and Teresa noticed she didn't have any underwear on either. She must be doing something to herself because Teresa could see her rear end moving forward in time to the movement of her hand. While Teresa watched, she heard the woman breathe harder and noticed the movement of her hand and ass speed up. Suddenly the woman gasped and her whole body shuddered. She continued moving against her hand for a bit and then almost collapsed to the floor as her legs gave way.

Teresa couldn't believe her eyes. The woman had just hand-fucked herself to an orgasm right in the store. Watching the woman had turned her on. She moved back out of view of the woman and unzipped her dress. She moved her hand inside and started to move it up and down her pussy lips. It felt so good! A gleam came into her eye as she thought of a deliciously wicked thing to do. She unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. She walked naked around the corner toward the woman.

"Need some help?"

The woman dropped her skirt and jerked around toward Teresa. "I uh!" was about all she could get out before she noticed Teresa's nudity.

Teresa continued to walk toward the woman until she was standing next to her. She reached out and rubbed the woman's tits through her blouse. Her nipples were still standing out from her breasts. Teresa tweaked them and rolled them between her fingers. She took the woman's hand and moved it to her breast. She seemed to recover from her shock and started to tweak Teresa's nipples.

Teresa moved her hand to the woman's head and pulled her forward. She licked her lips and tried to force her tongue past the woman's lips. Her lips parted and Teresa moved her tongue as far in as she could. The woman began to move her tongue past Teresa's and tried to get it down her throat.

Teresa moved her hands down to the skirt and pushed it down over the woman's hips. Once it was past the hips, she let it drop to the floor and moved her hand to the crouch. She was still wet from the last orgasm and Teresa's fingers slid in easily. She moved her finger in and out of the pussy while bringing her thumb up to the clit. The woman began to move against her hand.

Teresa pulled her head away from the woman's mouth and moved down and up under the blouse. She licked up the flat stomach to the tits and around the luscious mounds of flesh. When she reached the peaks, she took each nipple into her mouth and sucked it as hard as she could.

The woman responded by moving her hand down to Teresa's bush and began running it up and down the pussy lips. Each time she reached the clit, she would tweak it before she started back down. Teresa's breathing started to speed up as she moved toward orgasm.

"There's a recliner back here, let's go there."

They moved to the recliner and Teresa pushed the woman onto it and laid the chair back as far as it would go. She turned and worked her legs up past the woman's head and moved down to where she could lick the woman's pussy. The smell of sex was too much for Teresa and she started licking as fast as she could. She used her hands under the woman's ass to pull it toward her and tried to stick her tongue in as far as she could. She felt a tongue start licking her pussy and ground it into the woman's face.

Teresa could feel her orgasm approaching and tried to lick the woman harder. Teresa was so hot that it didn't take her long to go over the edge. She pulled her mouth away from the woman's pussy and screamed loudly as her orgasm pulsed through her body. As her orgasm passed, she went back to licking pussy until the woman started bucking beneath her.

After their orgasms passed, they lay in that position until Teresa heard the door open. She jumped up and ran to her dress, jerked it on, and hurriedly zipped it up. She went to the front of the store and left the woman to cover herself.

"Hi, welcome to Ron's. Can I help you?"

"No thanks," he said. "Are you okay? You looked flushed."

"I'm fine. I was in the back of the store and its a little warm back there sometimes. If you need anything, just let me know."

The woman came to the counter. "I would like these books please." She laid several books on lesbian sex on the counter.

"Oh, good choice," she said as she rang them up. "These are very good books. Thank you very much"

"No thank you," she said as she leaned across and kissed Teresa on the lips.

Teresa smiled as the woman left. She was no longer an ordinary woman especially to the woman bookworm.