 All characters are over the age of eighteen 

*

Can you believe this? When Tammi and I got to school on Tuesday, the first thing that happened was our homeroom teacher, Ms Landers, asked Tammi what she had done all weekend!

Tammi looked at me and smirked before she answered.

'Well Ms Landers, I went with Tracy to the club that she belongs to, and we hung out there for three days.'

'Oh really? What club is that? What did you do there?'

'Um...it's a ranch down in the valley. We went horseback riding and swimming and stuff.'

'Gee, that sounds like fun. What's the name of the club Tracy?'

She was looking right at me. 

'Umm... I don't know...we just call it the ranch.' I was trying not to give too much away.

'Well it must have a name.' Ms Landers was prying now.

"I'll think of it in a minute...' I tried to change the subject. 'What did you do this weekend Ms Landers?'

'Well, to tell you the truth, I stayed at home and laid out in the sun. It was so beautiful and relaxing.'

'Well that's kind of what we did, I guess.'

The bell rang and Ms Landers turned her attention to the rest of the class. Tammi and I exchanged looks like, what were we supposed to tell her?

Anyway, after homeroom got out, Tammi and I were talking by her locker and Ms Landers came up to us.

'Did you remember the name of your club Tracy? I just noticed that you look nicely tanned and had a bit of a glow today. Perhaps we can all lay in the sun together sometime. I have a nice patio at my house. It's private enough. I wish I had a pool though.'

'Oh I have a pool-' Oops I said that too fast. 'I mean, we have a pool at Rob's house, where I live. He's my mom's fiancé. You've met my mom before, haven't you?'

'Why yes I have, at the parent conferences. Her name is Trish, right? And a very attractive lady, if I recall.'

I was proud of my mom when Ms Landers said that. 'Yes, that's my mom.'

'I'd love to meet Rob sometime too. Why don't you mention it to her tonight and maybe we can all get together sometime.'

This was getting weird. It was like she was coming on to me. And Tammi was picking up on it too.

'Well she's still in Phoenix.' Oops, I said too much again.

'Oh really? So you're staying at your house with Rob?'

'Uh no. I'm staying with Tammi until they get back.'

'Oh I see. Well perhaps we can get together sometime after they get back.'

'Yeah, maybe. I guess.'

She walked away. Tammi and I were trying to figure out what just happened. Was Ms Landers really trying to come on to us? The bell rang and we headed off to our next class. And I spent the whole next hour thinking about Ms Landers. She's kind of pretty actually. Of course I always looked at her as my teacher. She's my homeroom teacher and also my Health teacher. And she coaches our cheerleading squad. She has a great body. Her legs are firm and strong, and she's a good gymnast. Now I was beginning to wonder what she might look like without clothes. I even started to fantasize about being with her in bed. I was getting all wet down between my legs.

When class was over and I saw Tammi again in the hall, I told her what I had been thinking.

'No way Tracy! I was thinking the same thing!'

'Wow! Do you think she really wants to be with us? I mean she's our teacher and all! She's not really that old, I guess. She's probably not as old as my mom. What should we do?'

Tammi thought for a minute. 'How about if we invite her over to your house today after school? We could take her there and see what happens. Nobody will be there except us...'

My mind was starting to wander. I would never do anything behind my mom's back, or Rob's. But I could always tell them when they get home, if I need to. What could happen? It might be fun. And maybe she'd enjoy being with my mom and Rob too someday. Even she had said that before.

I told Tammi that I would ask her after Health class next hour. Tammi was cool with the idea.

I sat in Health class thinking about the possibilities. Did Ms Landers really want to lay out in the sun with us? What would it be like if we got undressed together? I was noticing her clothes now. She had on a tight skirt today. It was black and showed her ass nicely and I was pretty sure she must be wearing a thong since there were no panty lines. Her blouse was form fitting too. And since it was white, I could see her lacey bra through the fabric. Was it my imagination, or had she undone a button since this morning?

When class was over, I stayed at my desk while everyone else left.

'Did you have a question about something Tracy?'

I stood up and walked to Ms Landers' desk. 'Well I was thinking about what we were talking about before... I have to go by my house with Tammi after school to get some things. Would you like to come over and see our pool and stuff?'

Ms Landers smiled at me. It was a seductive kind of smile and I knew there was no taking it back now. She looked at her appointment book and saw that it was clear.

'That sounds like fun.' she said. 'But your parents won't be at home?' 

'No ma'am, but I have permission to be there.'

'Well as long as you have permission. I wouldn't want you to get in trouble. But I'd love to see where you live. Why don't we meet here in this room after last hour?'

"OK we'll see you here.' We both smiled at each other and I walked out of the room. 

I wanted to run to tell Tammi, but I didn't see her until after our next class, and then we only had last hour to go. But she was as excited as me.

When the last bell rang after school I met Tammi at my locker. Then we went to Ms Landers' room. She was just putting all of her books and papers in her bag.

'There! That's enough of schoolwork for a while. I'll finish up later tonight. Oh hi Tracy...Tammi. Shall we go?'

"Sure. You can follow me.' I told her. 'I have Rob's Navigator. We live off Dry Creek Road. You know where that is, don't you?'

'Yes I do. I'll be in my red Corvette, right behind you.'

We walked out of school and out to the student parking lot. Tammi and I waited while Ms Landers went to her car and pulled around. She had the top down and looked ever so sexy behind the wheel.

'I didn't know she had a car like that.' Tammi said.

'Me either. She's kind of pretty. How old do you think she is?'

'I always thought she was like thirty. But she keeps herself in good shape. I wonder why she's not married. Do you think maybe she likes girls more than boys?'

That was the first time we had mentioned that possibility, but it had been on both of our minds. I could see her in my rear view mirror. I wondered what was going on in her mind right then. I turned the car off the road and onto the long driveway up to the house. I stopped at the mailbox and picked up the mail. I smiled at Ms Landers as she sat in the car waiting behind me. 

When we pulled up to the house I opened the garage door but left the car outside. As we all got out I noticed Ms Landers' legs when she got out of her car. It's hard to climb out of such a low car gracefully. She looked powerful and athletic as she stepped out. 

'Oh Tracy, this looks like a wonderful home! I can't wait to see inside!'

We all walked in through the garage and on into the kitchen. I took the mail into Rob's den and put it down on his desk. Tammi and Ms Landers were still in the kitchen. Tammi had gone to the fridge and was pouring some juice for us all. Ms Landers walked into the living room and met me as I was coming back. We stepped towards the windows and looked outside at the views. She put her hand on my shoulder as she said, 'Oh Tracy, this is absolutely beautiful. The rocks and mountains are awesome aren't they?'

I agreed as I reached to open the door to the patio. 'Come outside and see the yard.'

Tammi brought our drinks and we all went outside. Ms Landers was really impressed. 

'Wow,' she said, 'this is so private. I bet you can lie out in the sun here with no clothes on, and nobody would ever know!'

Tammi and I looked at each other. I quickly answered.

'Actually, we do, most of the time.' I decided it was time to get honest. I wanted to know where this was going.

Ms Landers seemed to like that answer. 'Oh I love to be naked in the sunshine. I just have to be careful at my house because I do have neighbors. My back yard is pretty private, but I still watch out for them. What about Rob? Do you lie out here when he is home too?'

'Yes Ms Landers. We all do.'

'Please call me Sue. We're not in school anymore. What about you Tammi? Do you like to tan in the nude too?'

'Yes Ms Landers. I mean Sue. I love the way it feels to be outside without clothes on.' She looked at me as if to ask, 'should we tell her about the ranch?'

I went for it. 'You know Ms Landers, I mean Sue, our club in the valley is a nude resort. I wasn't sure how to tell you in school. There were so many other people there, and I don't ever mention it there. Have you ever been to a nude resort?'

'No Tracy, I haven't. I've always kept my nude sunbathing to myself. But I've thought about it. Is that a trampoline over there?'

She was looking around the yard and saw the tramp.

'Yes it is. Come take a look.'

We walked over to the tramp. 

'Now I understand why you're so far ahead of the rest of the cheerleading squad. Do you workout on this a lot?' 

'A few days a week I guess. Wanna bounce?'

She looked down at herself. 'I'm not really dressed for a workout.'

'Well you can take off your skirt` and your shoes...'

Sue looked around the yard. 'Well, why not? We know that nobody will see...'

She reached to her hip and unbuttoned the waistband, then unzipped the skirt and pushed it down while she kicked off her shoes. I had guessed right about her thong. It was lacey and flesh colored and matched her bra. And I noticed right away that she didn't have any tan lines on her firm butt. She hoisted herself up onto the tramp and said, 'Spot for me.'

She stepped out to the center and began to bounce. As she bounced higher her arms were restricted by the tightness of her blouse. So she started to unbutton it as she bounced. I loved the way she pointed her toes and stretched her legs as she achieved her maximum height. At the top of a hurdle, she took off her shirt, and on the next bounce she tossed it down to us. Three more hurdles and she tucked into a pike position and executed a perfect back flip. Tammi and I clapped with approval. Sue was grinning and getting into the pace.

She did a front flip. Then another front flip followed by a back flip in layout position. 

'Hey Sue! You're really good! You should be on our cheerleading squad instead of coaching it!'

"I would if I could.' She answered. 'I miss my old cheerleading days.'

She executed a few more flips and twists. It was clear that she was working a routine that she had done many times before. She finished up with a professional looking dismount and held her arms high as she landed in front of us. Tammi and I admired her muscular form. Her skin was smooth and her body was well toned. She was breathing heavily, but she wasn't out of breath. Her smile was infectious as she sought our approval for her performance. We didn't even try to hide our excitement at witnessing her skill (and her body!). She was very good and I was envious.

I held her skirt and blouse and shoes and we turned to walk back up to the pool deck.

Sue's breasts were looking firm and full as she continued her heavy breathing from the workout. I wanted to touch them but couldn't figure out how to do it.

'After that I could use a swim!' she said. 'Shall we take a dip?'

'Sure. Why not?'

I peeled off my top and unbuttoned my jeans. Tammi was doing the same. As I pushed my jeans and thong panties to the ground I watched Sue pull off her bra and then step out of her thong. We were all standing naked on the patio.

'Oh this feels so good to be naked in the sun! I just love this.' Sue said.

Tammi and I dove into the water and stood waiting for Sue to make her entrance. She was standing on the edge. Her form was perfect. Her body was flawless. Her breasts stood firmly even without her bra. Her nipples were round and the tips were hard. She had the kind of body that I've seen in health and fitness magazines. Her pussy looked perfect too. She had a patch of neatly trimmed blonde hair above her cleanly shaved lips. It was easy to see that she is a natural blonde who has the ability to tan beautifully. Finally, she raised up on her toes and dove in towards us. 

She emerged from the water right in front of us with her arms outstretched and gathered us all together in a group hug. 

"Oh Tracy...Tammi, this feels so good! Thank you for inviting me over to your house! This is such a nice break from the confines of school. I wish we could do this more often. Don't you?'

I liked the feeling of our bodies touching in the water. I let my hand slide down over Sue's rear. I stroked it and told her, 'Yes, it does feel good.'

Sue realized what I was doing with my hand and let me know she liked it by turning to my face and she kissed me on my mouth. It surprised me at first, but I liked it and I returned her kiss by opening my mouth and our tongues touched. 

Not wanting to leave Tammi out of this, Sue turned to her and kissed her the same way. I put my other hand on Tammi's waist and moved it around. I pulled her closer and I could feel all of our hips and legs and breasts touching. 

As we broke our kisses Sue stammered, 'Oh, I'm not sure where that came from. You two just make me feel so at ease. I'm not sure what came over me. I've never done that before. I mean, not with any of my students. Funny, I don't think of you as students. Can we just be friends?'

'Well Ms Landers, I mean Sue, I don't usually swim naked and kiss my friends who are just friends. I think we keep that as something for our special friends. So I guess that's what we must be. At least when we're not in school.'

'Tracy that couldn't have been said any better. I will treasure our special friendship. I just hope I can control myself when I see you in school, knowing how special you are to me. That goes for you too Tammi.'

'I'm sure we all can Sue. Can I ask you a question? Have you made love with other girls before?'

I think my bluntness may have startled her.

'Yes Tracy, I have.'

'Do you like men too? How come you're not married?'

She thought about my questions for a moment. I felt her hand stroking my back and my ass when she answered.

'I've had relationships with men. But never anything that lasted. They've always made me feel cramped and confined. I feel more freedom when I'm in a relationship with a woman. Except that I still have to keep it hidden. When you have a job as a teacher, you're supposed to be a shining example. And that means that your sex life has to be yours and yours alone. Do you know what I'm saying?'

'Yeah. I know what you mean. My mom has been very careful to teach me and my sister about sex and nudity and the importance of keeping it private and special. And she's also helped us to learn when it's appropriate to share it with others. I think I was putting some of what she has taught me to good use today. But you know I also would never lie to my mom or to Rob. I think you need to meet them and get to know them better.'

Sue hesitated, then showed that she understood and appreciated what I had said. 'You're right. I'd like very much to meet them...soon. And tell me about your parents Tammi. I think I remember meeting them last fall. Your mom's name is Rhonda and your dad is...John?'

'Joe.' Tammi corrected her. 'I think you'll like them too. They've become very close to Trish and Rob. In fact, my mom is in Phoenix right now with them. And another friend.'

'Oh that sounds nice. When are they coming back?'

'They'll be home on Thursday night. But Tracy and I are having fun with my dad at home right now.'

"I'll bet he's loving having you two hot young chicks there in the house with him! Do you get undressed at home around him?'

'Yeah! He loves it. Tracy and I kind of tease him. But we have fun.'

'I'd like to be a fly on the wall in your house tonight.'

'I have a better idea.' Tammi said. 'Why don't you come for dinner at my house tonight? We can pick up something and take it home. Dad would love to meet you. And maybe he won't be so distracted by me and Tracy.'

'Well I do have some homework to do tonight. I have some papers to grade. So I can't stay long. But I would like to meet your dad... OK, let's do it.'

We all hugged again and got out of the pool. We went inside to get some towels and dry off. Then we went to my bedroom to get dressed. Sue was looking at us and finally asked, 'I can't help noticing you matching Ts. Are you trying to be twins? Did you do those trims yourselves?'

We laughed. 'No, my mom did it for us. It's kind of a sideline. She's a hairstylist you know.'

'No I didn't know that, but it makes sense. Does she have a T too?'

'No. She keeps herself shaved bare. Do you do your own trimming?'

Yes I do. Nothing fancy, as you can see. I just like to keep it clean.'

I decided to go for it. I stepped up to her and put my hand between her legs. She opened them for me and I gently pushed her back onto my bed. Then I bent down and kissed her pussy. She didn't resist. I pressed my tongue between her lips and licked her. She tasted like the chlorine from the pool, but there was also that musky womanly taste that I like so much.

'Mmm, Tracy. That's not the first time you've done that before, is it?'

I looked up and smiled. 'No Sue, it's not. I'm not sure what came over me though. I hope you don't mind.'

"Well that makes us even in the being overcome department. I guess we can handle it.' She winked at me. I got up and she stood up. She gave me another kiss. 'We better get dressed and head for the store. What shall we get to eat?'

'Well I sure liked my appetizer. How about some pizza?'

'That sounds great!'

'Yeah!'

Both Tammi and Sue agreed.

I smiled to myself and told them, 'Remind me to tell you guys about the time the delivery guy came here...'

They raised their eyebrows with curiosity as we all put our clothes back on. I grabbed the book that I needed from my desk and we headed back outside. 

'I really do love your house Tracy. I hope I can come back someday and tell your mom and Rob personally.'

'Yeah, we can do that sometime soon.'

Outside, we decided where to go and what to order. I used my cell phone to call ahead. Sue said she would follow us to the pizza place and then to Tammi's house.

It was almost five thirty when we got to Tammi's. Joe wasn't home yet, but we knew he wouldn't be long. We put the pizza in the kitchen and then showed Sue around the house. While we were giving her the tour, we were touching each other and holding hands and even exchanging a few flirtatious kisses. It was hard to imagine what it would be like to see each other in school again after what we had been doing today.

We wound up in the den and sat talking. Sue asked me to tell them about the pizza guy. I told them all about the day when we ordered pizza at my house and when the guy came, I went to the door practically naked with Rob. We were having such a good time that we didn't even hear Joe when he came home. And I guess he didn't hear us either. He went straight to his room and got undressed. So when he came to greet us in the den, he was naked, and surprised to see Ms Landers there with us!

'Hi girls! Oops!' He jumped back around the corner to hide himself. 'I...I didn't know you were here. I mean, I didn't know you had company. I'll be right back!'

Tammi and I giggled. Sue looked surprised and a little nervous, but then she started laughing with us.

Joe came back in about two minutes wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.
