 My last client walked out the door. Thank god, this week was finally over. It's not that I didn't like my job, I did. In fact, I loved it. But after five days of listening to other people's problems it was definitely time for me to focus on my own needs. It was Friday night and I was looking forward to a fun weekend. The potential was there.

After three weeks of talking, emailing and instant messaging, Sara and I were finally going to meet -- in real time, in real life. I was excited and a little nervous, but most of all I was afraid it was going to be like all my other online dating site matches -- disappointing. How is it possible a woman can look and sound so good online yet be the total opposite in person? I sat through more than a few dinners wondering what the hell I was doing there and trying to figure out how I could end the night early without seeming rude. The only bad thing about 'making it an early night' was I would have to deal with that awkward goodbye moment sooner. That moment where you have to explain that you would like to see her again, but as friends...that you really liked her and enjoyed the evening, but just didn't feel the spark. 

But with Sara I was hoping it would be different. I was banking on my multiple experiences of bad dates to help me do a better job of screening before we actually met. We had spoken on the phone so I already knew I liked her voice. It was soft and sweet and I liked the way she would pause before she would share something personal about herself. It was as if she was considering how vulnerable she wanted to be with a woman she had never met. Some women would bare their souls in the first 10 minutes. By the end of the first conversation I knew about every bad relationship they ever had, their fucked-up childhoods and their hopes for the future, which by that point I knew would not include me. But Sara would only give me little bits and pieces at a time. It wasn't that she was being secretive or shut down, but careful. She knew that once the words were out she couldn't take them back. She was smart, too. We could talk about anything, and did. You could tell she read a lot, her opinions were well-thought out. She was articulate and knowledgeable. She could look at any issue from a lot of different angles and would challenge me, something most people never did. I liked that about her.

We had planned to meet at Wildflowers. It was a small restaurant situated on the outskirts of town. It was owned and operated by a lesbian couple. They had put their last penny into the place believing that a gay venue with good food would be a hit in their touristy town. They were right. The place was always packed. I got there about ten minutes early. I surveyed the room. There were lots of couples, a few tables of four, a large table of women who were obviously celebrating a birthday. I didn't see anyone sitting alone. I asked to be seated at the small table for two in the far corner. It looked private and was away from the noisy bunch that were just lifting their glasses to toast the 'birthday girl.' I smiled to myself. There wasn't a 'girl' in the place. Everyone was at least thirty and most a bit older than that. 

I took the seat facing the door. I wanted to see her when she walked in. I picked up the wine list and looked at it - more to give me something to do then to make a selection - I knew I would have my usual pinot grigio. Peering over the top I saw her enter the room. I knew it was her. She looked just like her picture. No - she looked better than her picture. This was a first. Her blond hair was pulled back with wisps surrounding her face. I always thought that was a sexy look. She was pretty, some might say beautiful, but it wasn't so much her looks that attracted me, it was her energy. It was obvious even from a distance. She seemed confident and strong, but there was a softness about her that made her seem vulnerable at the same time. She was definitely feminine, and sexy - very sexy. She was wearing a black, low-cut top with a beautiful necklace and earrings. She had on a pair of faded Levis and sandals showing off red toenails. She had a black leather bag slung over her shoulder. She was hot and just seeing her was making me hot. 

She said something to the hostess as she looked around the room -- then our eyes met. With a look of recognition a huge smile broke across her face. She had a great smile. Beautiful white teeth. I returned the smile. She turned to the hostess, said something, and then headed to the table. I stood up as she got closer and, as if we had done it hundreds of time before, I opened my arms and we embraced. It was a firm hug, as if we were old friends meeting after not seeing each other for some time. I could feel my excitement level rising. She was beautiful and very sexy. Could this really be happening? 

"It's so great to finally meet you -- in person that is," I managed to say as we took our seats. She smiled back at me. "I know," she said, "it's so weird because on one hand it seems like we have known each other forever." 

"Welcome to the age of technology -- you can have a relationship with a person before you even meet. I have to tell you that usually these dates are very disappointing. At least that has been my experience, but not tonight. You look better than your pictures - you're beautiful." 

She smiled and cast her eyes down with a slight look of embarrassment. "I'm sorry, I've made you blush," I said, but I really wasn't sorry at all. I loved that she blushed. This woman was sweet and beautiful. 

"Did you have any problems finding the place?" I asked.

"No, not at all. I put it in my GPS and it took me right here. It took a few minutes longer than I expected, though, there was road construction on 31."

The waiter neared the table with menus in hand. "Can I get you ladies something to drink?" he asked as he laid the menus on the table. "I'll have a pinot grigio -- Santa Margherita, if you have it."

"Yes, of course," he said as he turned to her.

"Me too," she added. 

"I can't believe we are really here. I almost thought I would have to cancel," she said. "A client came in right at 5 and wanted to know if I could take her. Normally I would have said no, but she's a regular and her back had really been hurting her. She was in an accident a few months ago and a deep tissue massage seems to be the only thing that helps. Fortunately, my partner was there and said she would take her. I'm gonna owe her now, she had plans too, but said she didn't mind. She was really excited about us meeting!"

"So you told her about me?" 

"Oh yeah, she has known about you right from the beginning -- in fact, she is the one who talked me into winking at you." 

"You had to be talked into it? That's not good."

"Yes, no, yes... It wasn't you, it was anyone. I told you I've never done this online dating thing before, so the idea of winking at anyone was way out of my comfort zone." 

"Well, I am glad you did."

"Me too," she said softly looking me right in the eyes. 

Her eyes were beautiful. They were a bluish gray, and big and gorgeous. It may have been her eyes that I was most attracted to. Maybe not, I don't know -- it was the whole package, her eyes, her body, her hair and face, her mannerisms. They were all wonderful. 

The waiter came back with our drinks and read us the night's specials. "I'll give you a minute," he said as it was obvious that we hadn't even picked up the menus. 

"To the future," I said as I held up my glass. "And to whatever it may bring," she added.

Time passed quickly. Before we knew it the restaurant was empty and we were the only two left. It had been a wonderful evening. We had spoken about everything, laughed, flirted and teased each other just enough for me to know I could have a lot of fun with this woman. 

"Would you like to go someplace for a drink? I'm not ready for this night to end yet." 

"Sure," she said. "I'm not either."

As we walked toward the door she slipped her arm through mine. "Where would you like to go?" she asked. "Hmmm. You shouldn't ask me that." 

"Oh really? Why?" 

"Yes, really. Because I don't want to scare you away. This is only our first date."

"I don't scare easily. Try me."

We paused on the porch of the restaurant. It was dark. The outside lights were already turned off. Only the dim light above the sign was still lit. I leaned against the railing and pulled her towards me. She fell into my arms with ease. We fit together perfectly-- we were about the same height -- we were eye to eye, staring at each other. I could feel her breath on my lips as we slowly moved closer. Our lips touched - just barely. I kissed her very gently. Then again. Then a bit harder and longer. Her arms pulled me closer, her strong hands moving up my back. I could feel myself getting hotter. And wetter.

I spread my legs and pulled her between them. I began kissing her all over the face. Softly and gently, barely pausing as our lips touched. She threw her head back as I moved down her neck, small little kisses moving across her chest. My hands moved down her back and over her ass. I heard her moan as I pulled her body into mine. 

"You smell wonderful," I said as I slid my hands under her blouse and unhooked her bra. I pushed her bra up as my mouth brushed over her breasts. Only the thin layer of her black top was between her nipple and my mouth. I moved my lips over it, feeling it hard and erect, but not stopping to suck it into my mouth. I wanted to make love to her right there, right then, but I knew it would have to wait. I wanted it to be perfect. I wanted to be alone with her with the freedom and time to do whatever we wanted. I moved up her body, slowly kissing her until I reached her ear. Holding her tight against my body, I put my lips to her ear. "I want to make love to you." 

"I want that too," she said, her voice almost trembling. 

Our bodies jumped as the door of the restaurant opened. One of the owners was locking up. As she turned to put the key in she saw us standing there. She smiled. "Good night ladies...have fun."

"Oh, we are," I answered as she walked down the steps.

"How about we get that drink someplace that has room service?" I whispered into Sara's ear. 

"My god, you're smart and sexy," she said as she grabbed both my hands with hers.

"There is a hotel right before the exit to the highway. We can go there."

"Sounds good," she said as she hooked her bra and fixed her shirt.

"I'll drive," I said as we walked down the steps. 

"Okay, you're in charge," she smiled.

I squeezed her hand and smiled back.

We told them when we checked in that we were having problems with our car so we decided to stop and get it checked in the morning instead of trying to make it home tonight. We hoped that might explain the lack of luggage. They didn't really seem to care, but we felt better.

Before the elevator door could completely shut we were in each other's arms again, this time without questioning the other's reaction. I knew she wanted me to touch her as much as I wanted to. When the doors opened we were still kissing. We walked down the hall, arms around each other looking for room 714. It was to our right, all the way at the end of the hall. 

I slid the key through the electronic lock, the light blinked, and I pushed the door open and flicked on the entryway light as she grabbed my hand and led me to the bed. We fell on it, hands moving, lips kissing. I was on top of her.

"Let's slow down," I said.

"Now?!" she asked in amazement. 

"Not totally. Let's just take our time. We have all night and I want to enjoy every inch of you."

She looked up at me and ran her fingers through my hair. "You're amazing," she said as she moved her hand over my face and ran her fingers across my lips."

"I'm glad you think so, 'cause I think you are pretty amazing too. Who would have thought we would be here now? A month ago we didn't even know each other."

"I know, it's crazy, right?"

I leaned down and kissed her softly on her lips. "How about we order that wine before we don't want anyone disturbing us?"

"I don't want anyone disturbing us now," she smiled. 

I reached over and grabbed the phone. "Room Service." She began unbuttoning my shirt. "I would like to order a bottle of..." She unhooked my bra. "...a bottle of wine. Yes, white is perfect..." I could feel her hands moving over my back, moving around my body. "...Yes the house wine would be great. Room 714. No, that will be all. No, wait! Do you have any strawberries? Chocolate covered ones would be perfect! Thank you."

I could barely put the phone down. She was pulling my shirt off. I grabbed her and slipped her top over her head. "Not as shy as you let on, are you?" I asked as I took her bra off. 

"Apparently not. But would you believe me if I told you I'm not usually this way?" 

"No."

"Well, it's true. I'm usually more reserved, especially on a first date."

The knock on the door startled us both. "Room service!" 

"Go in the bathroom, I'll get the door."

I threw on my shirt and grabbed a five from my wallet. A young boy with a cart met me at the door. I heard the shower as he set things up. "Can I uncork that wine for you?"

"No, it's fine, just leave it. I can get it." I handed him the money, signed the bill and shut the door behind him. The shower was still running and I thought about walking in. I decided to pour the wine instead. A few minutes later the bathroom door opened. She flicked off the entry light leaving only the bathroom light on with the door ajar. The room was dimly lit as she walked in wearing a white robe. She looked amazing. "Wow! You look beautiful!" I was staring. "Nice robe." 

"Thank you. There's one in there for you. Want me to get it for you?"

"No, I'll get it."

I poured the wine as she turned down the bed and settled herself against the overstuffed pillows. I handed her a glass and set mine down on the nightstand. "Don't start without me," I said as I headed toward the bathroom. 

"Oh, you don't have to worry about that," she said.

I returned wearing the matching robe - the tips of my hair still damp from the shower. I could hear Nora Jones singing, "Turn me on." "You found a radio station. Nice. Great song."

"You like it?" 

"It's perfect." I said as I slipped into bed next to her. 

"To a wonderful evening," I said as I held my glass up.

"It already is." We clinked our glasses and sipped the wine.

I looked down at her, "you're beautiful ya' know."

"Well, I am glad you think so. I was hoping you wouldn't be disappointed. " 

"Disappointed! Are you joking? You're gorgeous."

"Well, I didn't know if I would be your type. Not everybody likes femme women."

"Well, first of all I had told you I liked femme women and second, it's not just your looks. I like everything about you -- the way you talk, and think, how you tease me and how you make me laugh. I can go on, but I'll save more for later. How about me, do you like not-so-femme women?" I asked.

"To be honest, I fell for you before we met. Sight unseen. You made me hot just talking. You're smart and strong and funny." She paused. "...And you are very hot. Exactly my type." 

I leaned down and kissed her. She pulled me toward her. I felt for the belt on her robe and untied it, and inching it open I began to explore her body. Our eyes locked as I moved my hand over hers. Her skin was soft and warm. Slowly I moved over one breast and then to the other, gently rubbing each nipple with the palm of my hand. She lay there letting me just explore - her body responding to each touch. I began playing with her nipples -- gently rolling them between my fingers. She moaned then reached up and moved one hand under my robe. She slid it off my shoulders and pulled me down on her. I heard her sigh as our breasts touched. My body rocked back and forth on top of hers as I kissed her - her eyes, her cheeks, her lips - her beautiful full lips. She opened her mouth, slightly at first, then wider as my kisses got harder. I slowly ran my tongue across her lower lip then slipped it into her mouth. Our tongues touched, our lips pressed against each other. My hand moved down her body. I could feel her stomach moving up and down as she began to breathe harder. Her legs spread as my hand got lower. My fingers, slowly, gently found their way between her legs. She was wet. She was very wet. Her body was moving, her heartbeat --fast. Her breath --heavy. My lips followed my hand down her body. Moving down her neck, to her chest, my kisses circled each breast. My tongue licked around her nipple, then back and forth over it before I sucked it into my mouth and then took it between my teeth and gently tugged on it. With my left hand, I found her other nipple and gently rolled it between my fingers. 

She moaned. "You are making me crazy," she said as her hands moved over my back and ass. 

"That's exactly what I am trying to do. I want to make sure you want to come back."

"Come back? I may never leave." A sigh interrupted her as my fingers moved over her wet pussy. "Oh you're good. You are very good."

I moved up to her lips again and began kissing her hard and long. We were holding each other tightly as our bodies rolled. Hers on top of mine, mine on top of hers. Our legs entwined and our hands and fingers moved across each other. "I want to taste you," I whispered as my mouth moved to her ear. "I want to feel your clit under my tongue and suck it into my mouth." 

"I want you to do that. I want to feel you inside me." 

I could feel the heat radiating from her body, from between her legs. My kisses moved down her body, over her stomach, and resting on her groin. I licked her as my fingertips slowly moved up and down on the inside of her thighs passing gently over her pussy as they moved from one thigh to the other. 

Slowly my mouth moved down until it settled between her legs. I put my arms under her legs wrapping them around each leg so my hands were right above her pussy. I pressed my fingers into her pulling her open so her hard clit was exposed and under my tongue. 

"You taste wonderful," I mumbled as I licked her. Her hands pushed my head hard into her as she squirmed and moaned beneath me. 

"I want you," she said. "I want to taste you too." 

I moved my body turning it around as she pulled me towards her. We were laying side by side -- my head resting on the inside of her thigh with her pussy in my mouth. She had my legs spread as she explored me with her tongue. I could feel her kissing me, licking me as her hands held my ass and pushed me hard against her mouth.

My fingers moved up her body until they found her hard nipple. I rolled it, and pinched it. I could hear her moan and felt her lick me faster. I moved my hand back down her body until my fingers rested between her legs. I plunged my finger into her, then a second and a third. I moved them in and out fucking her as her body rocked in time with my fingers. 

"I want to come with you," I managed to say while licking her. 

"I want that too. I'm going to come soon!" 

"Me too!" We moved faster. Faster and harder until I felt her body stiffen and quiver next to me. I let myself go, just as I felt her explode under my tongue. I could feel her pussy throbbing around my fingers. 

Our bodies were wet, our faces were wet, heads resting on each other thighs. Neither of us moved. 

"That was amazing," I finally said as we settled into each other's arms. 

"Amazing? It was fucking incredible! My god, I never knew I could come like that." 

I held her close as her head rested on my shoulder. I played with her hair, untied now and loose across 

my breasts. I kissed her head. 

"Okay, so I would say we are sexually compatible." 

She laughed, "Ya' think? Really, that was the best orgasm I've ever had. How did you do that?"
