 AUTHOR'S NOTE -- This piece is a complete work of FICTION! It is intended entirely for the purpose of erotic literary entertainment. While certain aspects and names are real, the story is completely fictional and intended for erotic fantasy. Thank you and please enjoy.

~~~ 

Claudia Ruiz felt like a child on Christmas morning as she ripped off the brightly colored, birthday wrapping paper covering what appeared to be an unusually large box containing an even more mysterious gift. Surrounded on this, her fiftieth birthday by her three grown children, her daughter-in-law, her son-in-law and her two very precocious grandchildren, Claudia was completely giddy; but not really about the gift she was opening. It was so rare to have her family together like this. Robert, her eldest at 29, now lived in Chicago, Illinois where he worked for United Airlines, with his wife Teresa and their two daughters, Sonya and Natalie; identical twins who were now three. 

Jaclyn, Claudia's 26 year old daughter now lived in Miami, Florida with her lawyer husband of nearly two years, Albert. Jaclyn was finishing her doctrine in Marine Biology at the University of Miami and had just informed the family that she was three months pregnant. Claudia would have a third grandchild by Thanksgiving.

Sabrina, Claudia's youngest at 24 still lived here in San Diego, but her career as an independent communications consultant had her traveling all over the world on an almost constant basis and her mother almost never saw her. So it was days like today that Claudia treasured; to have them all under one roof once again at the same time, if only for a few hours. With the exception of her cat Felix, Claudia lived alone. 

Claudia's husband Frank had passed away nearly eight years ago of a cardiac arrest and Claudia, for reasons her children couldn't understand, had never remarried. At the time of their father's death, Jaclyn and Sabrina were still living at home and going to high school while Robert was away in his final year of college. Though she would never openly admit it to the children, Frank's death merely saved Claudia the hassle of divorcing him. The children were told that their father collapsed and died while on the golf course during a business trip to Las Vegas. The truth of the matter was he was having rough sex with a prostitute in a Vegas suite and his body was loaded to the gills with Viagra. Always wanting to respect the role of a wife and the morals held dear in her Hispanic heritage, Claudia had lived with Frank's philandering and constant infidelity for over twenty years. 

Never a truly devout catholic by any means, Claudia respected the Christian values held by her family and hence played the loving, faithful and submissive wife for both Frank's family and her own, yet she had secretly grown to despise the man she had fallen madly in love with as a young girl. Though she never truly wished him harm, as she did on nobody, she certainly didn't mind when it finally befell him. Claudia was a firm believer in karma. 

With her giddiness bubbling at every pore and her anticipation becoming breathless, Claudia ripped through the last of the wrapping paper, along with the bow and ribbon and the mystery of the gift vanished; along with Claudia's breathlessness and giddiness.

"It's a computer." Claudia stated matter-of-factly.

"Not just any computer, Mama!" Sabrina said almost aghast. "This is a Gateway DX4300-03 desktop with AMD Phenom X4 processor and 23" LCD monitor."

Claudia stared blankly at her youngest daughter as if the girl was speaking Mandarin Chinese. While technology and Sabrina Ruiz went together like bacon and eggs, Claudia had long ago accepted the fact that when it came to the wireless world and the internet, her own case was terminal. Claudia Ruiz and technology went together like motor oil and water; she was technologically challenged beyond all hope. It had taken nearly two years for Claudia to learn how to comfortably use and fully comprehend all the features on the cellular phone that Sabrina had given her for her forty-eighth birthday; now the child had straddled her with a desktop computer. Well, thank God it isn't a laptop, Claudia thought to herself. 

"Well, I guess you'd better open this one next." Robert said, as he slid another large, brightly wrapped box toward his mother. "It's the 4 in 1."

Sabrina shot him a murderous look and Teresa whacked him on the shoulder, shooting him an equally nasty rat face.

"What's 4 in 1?" Claudia asked.

"Just open it, Mama." Jaclyn said sheepishly.

Claudia opened the second package and stared at the images of the device it contained on the sides. The Panasonic brand name was blazon all over the box. 

"Oh, it's a printer." Claudia said, trying to sound excited.

"Not just a printer, but also a copier, a scanner and fax machine all rolled into one device; hence calling it the 4 in 1." Sabrina offered.

Claudia studied the two boxes that contained the technological devices that she had dedicated herself to avoiding until her dying day. If knowing how to use a computer was a requirement for getting into heaven, Claudia was prepared to spend eternity in hell rather than learn how to use one. After nearly twenty-five years as a Registered Nurse, Claudia's exposure to PC's and laptops was extremely limited. It had just been within the last five years that computers had really become standard around the hospital. Gone were the days of the paper and pen. Out of necessity, Claudia understood the basic fundamentals of operating a computer for the purposes of filling out patient paperwork as well as other medical forms and documents, but any further than that, she was completely lost and had no desire to find her way.

Noticing the awkward silence in the room, Jaclyn snatched up another gift and handed it to her mother. Claudia seized on the opportunity and opened the much smaller package, which turned out to be a beautiful bubble bath and cosmetic gift set. Claudia opened a few other gifts marked from Sonya, Natalie and a few sent by FedEx from distant relatives and the awkwardness evaporated back to giddiness and celebration for none of the other gifts was of a technological nature. Finally, after all the gifts had been opened, Claudia found she had big tears of joy in her eyes and turned to her beloved family.

"Oh my loves, thank you all so much!" Claudia said as she kissed each one of her children, her grandchildren and her son and daughter-in-law on the cheek. "You've made this a wonderful day for me! I love you all so much!!!"

"Happy Birthday, Mama." They all told her.

The rest of the day passed in a delightful and festive manner with all the fanfare and tradition of a Hispanic family birthday celebration. A large meal was prepared in honor of Claudia and the family dined together with all the best China and flatware. As the evening came to a close, Claudia tearfully bid farewell to Robert and his family as well as Albert and Jaclyn. They all were staying at the Holiday Inn near the airport and all had early morning flights returning them to Chicago and Miami. Sabrina was departing for another business trip the following morning as well, but she would be leaving town by car, so she chose to stay the night with her mother in her old bedroom.

Sending Sabrina to the market to pick up some milk, coffee and a few other odds and ends for the morning, Claudia slipped into her bathroom with her bubble bath gift set in hand and prepared to experience a little bit of heaven. As much as she adored her children and grandchildren and enjoyed this beautiful day, it had been a very long and hectic one. Claudia turned on the water, adjusted the temperature to just right, plugged the drain and added the proper ingredients as directed by the bottle of bubble bath blend. As the tub slowly filled, Claudia undressed, dropped her clothes in the hamper and then examined her now 50 year old naked body in the full length mirror behind the door.

Never one to be vain, Claudia nonetheless smiled coyly as she looked her nudity over from top to bottom. She couldn't help but be very impressed and even a little turned on by how good she looked for her age. Standing nearly 5'8", Claudia's legs were long, lean and alluringly sculpted with exquisitely feminine muscle definition by the years of constant movement through the corridors of the hospital. Her hips were wonderfully round and fertile to say the least; her stomach was flat and firm; her arms were long, well toned and willowy, her waist was small and her breasts were a pert, glamorously round and supple pair of 36 C-cups with perfectly shaped and centered dark areolas. Claudia's face was narrow and heart-stopping beautiful; masterfully chiseled with high cheeks, a perfect nose, pouting and luscious lips, set out by a pair of captivating dark brown eyes and a sparkling, pearly white smile. Her hair was a glossy shade of dark walnut that was full and flowing down to her shoulder blades; just a few miniscule traces of grey. Her neck was long, sleek and incredibly inviting sitting atop a pair of very sexily toned shoulders. Turning to the side and studying her profile, Claudia ran her hands slowly down her lean and firm body, almost reveling in the smoothness and softness of her dark olive skin as she rounded her hands around to her back and gently fondled and patted the firm and golden spheres of her bubbled ass. For a woman of 50, she honestly didn't look a day over 40.

"You're a heartbreaker, Mamasito!" Claudia said to herself. 

Claudia continued studying herself in the mirror as she moved her hands back around the front of her body and gently massaged her mound. Letting her hand slip over the thin patch of dark pubic hair and between her legs, Claudia teased her slit with the tips of her long fingers and then slipped one inside. 

"And you're a cock-breaker, too." Claudia snickered, noting the tightness of her vulva. "So, why don't you have a regular cock to ride and break?"

Glancing over at the bathtub, Claudia saw that it was ready for her. She shut off the faucet and slowly lowered her body into the loving and warm embrace of the water and bubbles. Feeling almost enraptured by the softness and warmth now caressing her, Claudia soon felt a deep wave of sexual arousal pour over her. Shutting her eyes, visions of muscle-bound, young, hung studs flooded her mind. Claudia felt her sex aching and her entire body tingling and she soon realized that she was touching herself in a way she hadn't done in a very long time. Pleasuring herself deep inside with one hand as she sucked on the fingers of the other, Claudia felt the release of a lifetime building up inside her sexually deprived body. Her desperate musing was suddenly interrupted by knocking on the door.

"Mama!" Sabrina called out. "Are you in there? I need to talk to you!"

Never a violent person, Claudia debated murder for the first time in her life. And it didn't matter that the intended victim was her youngest daughter. Not only had this child inundated her with more goddamn technology, but now she was interrupting what was sure to be a whopper of a very long overdue orgasm. Claudia sighed deeply, swallowing her anger and her now lost orgasm as best she could and opened her eyes.

"Can't this wait, honey? I'm in the tub." Claudia replied.

The door opened and Sabrina entered without even asking if she could come in. Guess not.

"Are you mad at me, Mama?" Sabrina asked as she sat down on the commode next to the tub.

"Why in the world would I be mad at you?" Claudia asked.

"Well, I just got the feeling that you didn't like my gift and you've seemed very distant toward me all day."

"Oh honey..." Claudia sighed. "Look, it's not that I don't like it. It's just that you know that I'm not very good with technical things like computers and cell phones. They make me really nervous; especially computers and the internet. I mean, I know they serve a wonderful purpose in the world and we'd be nowhere without them,"

"There's nothing to be afraid of, Mama. Using a computer is like riding a bicycle or driving a car. Once you learn how to use one, you'll never forget and it gets easier and more fun the longer and more often you do it. 

"Kind of like sex?" Claudia jabbed with a sinister grin.

"Mama!" Sabrina said, somewhat aghast. Claudia laughed.

"Well, isn't it?" Claudia continued.

"It becomes like second nature." Sabrina said. "You use them at work, don't you?"

"Mainly filling out paperwork; very basic and fundamental things at the most; and nothing to do with the internet." Claudia replied.

"Then that's a beginning at least." Sabrina shot back.

"Sabrina, I'm 50 years old and I've lived very happily all this time without the internet. I don't see why I should start using it now." Claudia stated.

"Because you need to Mama." Sabrina said matter-of-factly. "Look, like you just said: you're 50 years old. You're a widow who is single and lives all by herself."

"I'm not all by myself." Claudia defended. "I always have Felix."

"A sixteen year old cat?" Sabrina jabbed. "All the more reason to worry. Mama, you have three children and soon-to-be three grandchildren. Two of your children and all of your grandchildren live thousands of miles away; clear across the country. Your third child travels all over the world and is almost never in the same place for longer than two or three days. Bottom line, if you're lucky, you see us all once, maybe twice a year."

"You think I don't realize that?" Claudia said, a tightness forming in her throat.

"All I'm saying is that the internet would benefit you tremendously. You could be in contact with all of us on a daily basis." Sabrina pressed.

"I do have a telephone." Claudia argued.

"Mama, the days of the weekly or monthly or holiday telephone calls are over. With things like Facebook and MySpace and emails, it would be like we're all living together again as a family under one roof." Sabrina pleaded as she sensed her mother beginning to soften to the idea.

"Really?" Claudia asked thoughtfully. "I could really talk to you all every day?"

"Absolutely. And you could send and receive pictures of the grandkids; and later you can see copies of their report cards and schoolwork. You could chat online with me, Jackie and Rob; you could post comments on our Facebook pages, MySpace, all different kinds of blogs..." Sabrina knew she had her. "You could also reconnect with old friends; friends from high school and college. You could connect with other members of the family, make new friends, and on the subject of sex, maybe even meet a guy."

"Well, I have to admit that does sound rather nice, sweetie." Claudia offered. "But I wouldn't even know how to begin using the thing. I don't even know how to set it up."

"That's why I've got Geek Squad coming tomorrow afternoon." Sabrina told her.

"Geek Squad? What the hell is Geek Squad?" Claudia asked dumbfounded.

"It's kind of a technical support group that comes to your house, sets up your system, programs it and then helps you with any and all questions you have about it." Sabrina explained. "You remember the real smart and goofy kids were often referred to as geeks in school, don't you? You know, the ones with the big glasses, the pocket protectors, pants pulled up too high, pimple covered faces...."

"I'm not that old, honey." Claudia replied coldly. "I know what a geek is."

"Well, they basically got together and found a way to exist happily, usefully and to make money doing what they love. And it mostly deals with working on computers." Sabrina continued.

"So you're telling me that a pimple-faced, snot sucking nerd wearing big glasses and a pocket protector is going to show up at my front door tomorrow afternoon, set up the computer for me and then teach me how to use it?" Claudia surmised incredulously.

"More or less." Sabrina replied and Claudia sighed deeply. "What?" Sabrina asked.

"Ohh, the things we do for our children." Claudia exhaled.

"I love you, Mama." Sabrina said with a devious smile and kissed her mother on the cheek.

"I love you too, my darling." Claudia replied. "Now would you get the hell out of here and let your mother finish her birthday bubble bath in peace."

Sabrina bounded out of the bathroom, mouthing a goodnight as she slammed the door behind her. Alone once again, Claudia attempted to reconnect with the fantasy of the young and hung studs that had been sexually ravaging her body prior to her daughter's untimely entrance. But Claudia's mind now was stuck on the image of a scrawny, gawky, pimple faced nerd with thick glasses, pocket protector and braces showing up at her front door. The water suddenly went very cold, as did she. Frustrated, Claudia climbed out of the tub and dried off. 

Sabrina left around 8:00am the following morning. Holding her morning cup of coffee, Claudia stood solemnly on the front porch of her one story suburban home just to the northeast of downtown San Diego and watched her youngest daughter drive away and back to her life. She was due in Los Angeles by two this afternoon for a meeting then she was to catch a seven-thirty flight to Tokyo. Robert, Jaclyn and their families were all airborne by now, returning to their lives on the other side of the country. Claudia sighed deeply as her heart ached and felt heavy in her chest. Not having to return to work until tomorrow, Claudia took her time around the kitchen this morning. As she finished her second cup of coffee, her musing was beginning to push her deep into the depths of depression. Resigned to not let her loneliness ruin her day off, Claudia changed into some grubby old clothes and set to work in her backyard shrubbery beds and her rose garden. The day was already sunny and very mild and forecasted to remain that way.

The morning passed quickly into the afternoon and Claudia kept a close eye on her watch, remembering that her "Geek" would be arriving at three sharp. Claudia always found great solace working in her garden; it was one of her true passions. She also figured that this was what old women did, so she might as well get used to it. The day remained absolutely beautiful, but slightly on the cool side. By two o'clock, Claudia returned all her gardening tools to the garage, stripped off her sweaty clothes, dropped them in the washer and went to her room for a shower. By quarter to three, Claudia emerged from her bedroom wearing a pair of snug fitting jeans, a long sleeve, purple turtleneck that clung tightly to her lean and slender torso, white tube socks and a pair of moccasins. Her hair was freshly washed, conditioned and blown dry and it draped fully flowing and beautiful down over her shoulders. She had applied a light touch of mascara, a soft coat of crimson lipstick, a hint of blush on her cheeks and a couple of dab's of perfume on her neck and wrists. Not having truly any idea what to expect, she still at least wanted to look professional.

The front doorbell rang at precisely three o'clock as Claudia was sitting on the sofa in the living room reading her copy of Sandra Brown's latest novel. Slipping her glasses off and letting them fall gently atop her beautiful cleavage by the chain around her neck, Claudia sauntered casually to the front door, with the book still in her hand and opened the door. As her eyes fell upon the "Geek" standing on her doorstep, Claudia's heart skipped several beats, her stomach fluttered, her legs turned to rubber and her breath caught in her throat as her lungs suddenly decompressed.

"Mrs. Ruiz?" The Geek asked almost sweetly.

"Yes." Claudia managed to utter.

"I'm Tiffany from Geek Squad." The young girl said, extending her small yet very feminine hand toward Claudia. "I believe you have a new desktop computer and 4 in 1 printer that need setting up." 
