 Cindy was now sound asleep, and Sandy and Erika were at the bedroom door watching in amazement, as well as lust, as Tina gave Cindy a shattering orgasm. 

Then Erika said, "God, I need to get off like that, I was just about to cum when Sandy and I heard Cindy moaning like a wild animal in heat, I just had to watch you. I'd love you to do to me what you just did to Cindy, it sounded and looked so fucking awesome."

"Look," Tina said to Erika, "right now I'm really tired and very sleepy, as I'm sure Sandy is; I'm going to go to bed, but Erika, why don't you and Sandy go to bed as well, and I'm sure that Sandy can get you off at least a couple of times before she zonks out for the night. By the way, how long are you girls going to be here before you have to back to school?"

"About two weeks, maybe a couple of days longer, it just depends how eager we are in wanting to go back, or how much fun we're having here. hehe"

"Goodnight," Tina said with a smile as she crawled into bed with Cindy, and tightly wrapped her hot body around her, as if to benefit from Cindy's body heat.. Tina started drifting off to sleep thinking about how much fun she and Sandy were going to have with these two young beauties for the next two weeks or so, She rubbed her hot wet pussy lips against Cindy's thigh, spreading her juices as she came.

Early the following morning, with Tina fast asleep, Cindy quietly crawled out of bed to go see her mom so that she could talk to her before the rest of them woke up. Cindy was an early riser for the summer, since she was doing construction work on community projects; Erika was as well, but she knew that Erika must have gone to bed much later than she had. She thought that she had an erotic dream about Erika in her sleep.

Cindy walked to the kitchen, but not seeing her mother there, she quietly went to her mom's bedroom. Cindy was still naked, but she knew that her mom had accepted the fact that she ran around the house naked, and wouldn't be upset about seeing Cindy naked now.

Once in her mom's room, Cindy realized that her mom was still fast asleep, so Cindy decided to get into bed with her until she woke up. She cuddled up to her mom, she loved doing this with her mom when she was younger. She quickly became aware that her mom, Laura, was naked, and was surprised only because her mom never went to bed naked, even after Cindy had teased her about being a prude.

Laura stirred a bit, still sleeping but almost being aware of the presence of another body. Laura must have been dreaming as she rolled over on her side facing Cindy and started rubbing her wet cunt against her daughters body. 

As shocked as Cindy was, she just laid there as still and quietly as she could, totally confused by her mothers behavior. Laura reached one hand over and put it on Cindy's breast, twisting her nipple as she pulled herself closer and then started humping Cindy's thigh. She felt her mom's hard clit as it rubbed against her leg, and then in a matter of minutes, Cindy heard her mother saying inaudible things in her sleep, and then she started moaning rather loudly to a shivering orgasm and felt her mom's warm love juices being spread on her leg; then, after a few minutes, Laura just quietly rolled over on her back and into her deep sleep.

Then another shock, Cindy now became aware of the fact that her mother's pussy was hairless, Cindy was now totally confused, this was so unlike her mom. Cindy decided before her mom woke up, that it would probably be best if she got out of the room and take a quick shower, but their was no question about it, what just happened also aroused Cindy sexually.

Cindy got into the shower and started to try to understand what was going on with her mom, but also realized that the more she thought about it, the more aroused she was getting. "Damn," she thought, "I wish that Erika was with me right now, she would help me out. But Erika wasn't with her as Cindy started to slowly caress her breasts with both hands, then as her nipples hardened, she pulled on them and felt the shock go straight to her pussy; she lowered one hand down to her crotch and slowly started to run her hand up and down her puffy outer lips. Why was she doing this? Was it because she was so turned on t just thinking about her experience with her mom?

Cindy thought that she should get out of the shower and stop thinking these perverted thoughts about her mother and what just happened, she quickly pulled her hand away from her pussy, but it was too late. She felt her inner lips open up like a blooming flower bud, she felt the wetness inside her cunt, and she knew that she had to take care of it or she would be frustrated for the rest of the day.

Cindy leaned her head back against the glass wall of the shower, she took both hands down to her waiting pussy, there was now a sense of urgency as she felt the pulsation of her cunt, anticipating immediate attention. With her eyes closed, not being aware of the presence of someone in the bathroom. Tina was watching every move that Cindy was making, through the clear glass walls of the shower.

Cindy was moaning as she was building up to her orgasm, eyes closed, her mind totally concentrating on her impending orgasm, rubbing her cock like engorged clit. "Hi Cindy, it's Tina, I had to use the bathroom, I needed to pee badly. If you're ready to get out I'll just wait and hop into the shower, if you don't mind."

"Oh god," Cindy thought, "why couldn't she have come in just a few minutes from now." Cindy quickly pulled her hands away from her pussy, not knowing how much that Tina had seen, but felt like crying from the frustration of not cumming. Tina smiled.

Cindy hesitantly got out of the shower, and Tina could easily detect the poor girls dilemma as she looked down and saw the flush color and the still engorged lips of Cindy's pink pussy.

Tina said, "Hi hon," as she took the towel from Cindy, "let me dry your back for you, as long as I'm here. I guess you're an early riser, I didn't even hear you get out of bed, did you sleep well last night?"

Cindy said that she did and explained to Tina about her summer job where she had to get up early every morning, but Cindy was slowly becoming aware of the fact that as she was talking, Tina was drying her legs all the way up to her pussy, that was more than ready for some more stimulation.

"Please," Cindy said almost desperately, " thanks but I can do the rest, but that was sweet of you."

Tina turned now and faced Cindy, "Beautiful, anything I can do for you, just ask. In just one day here, I feel as though I'm part of the family. and that you were my little sister. I adore your mom, the two of you look so much alike, you're both so beautiful and sexy looking." Then Tina pulled Cindy to her, both naked, as their firm breasts pressed against each other, and Tina gave Cindy a deep open mouth kiss.

When Tina let go of Cindy, Cindy pulled away in a state of confusion. Her young mind was trying to understand what was happening, not quite aware of the fact, like her mother, that she was being seduced by this amazingly beautiful woman.

Cindy then said, "I think I better go and get dressed and then check on my mother, she didn't expect that I'd be home before today at the earliest."

"Dressed!!, hon, it's too warm to get dressed, we were all running around naked yesterday, even your mom, and having so much fun. Laura mentioned that you always stayed naked around the house, but she didn't, but Sandy and I convinced her that it was a heck of a lot more comfortable; so don't be surprised if you see her naked today."

This was too much, Cindy thought. How could her mom change so quickly from being a prude about nudity and sex, to being naked with women that were almost strangers. Then again, she realized that she was feeling a special warmth towards Tina, and even a sexual attraction that again made her aware of her sexual need. 

Cindy combed her hair and then went to the kitchen, she knew if she went back to her bedroom, that she most certainly would try to get herself off, and with her luck, one of the others would come charging in and frustrating her even more than she already was. She heard her mother humming a cheerful tune. Then she saw her, beautiful as ever, and without a stitch on.

"Hi mom, I got home last night but you were fast asleep and I didn't want to wake you."

"Oh sweetheart, how I've missed you, but I didn't expect you back till today. It seems as you've developed into a women since I saw you last, you're so beautiful."

"Mom, are you aware of the fact that I've never seen you walking around the house naked. Remember how you would always tell me that I should put something on in case dad should come home unexpectedly, and I used to call you a prude. And since when did you start shaving your pubic hair, I mean it looks great, but I don't quite understand."

"I, uh, oh come here and give your mom a nice big hug, gosh how I've missed you." Cindy went to her mother's open arms and gave a nice hug, but now got a different feeling as their bodies touched; it was if her mom was another woman that she felt attracted to and somehow, the touch seemed to excite her. Laura felt it as well.

When they separated, Laura said, "so did you get to meet our new tenants last night?" Laura wanted to get off the subject of her nudity, as well as her hairless pussy 

"I sure did, and oh, Erika came home with me, in fact that's why I got home last night. She gave me a ride home and I invited her to stay with us until we both went back to school together, I wasn't aware that you rented out the guest room."

"Well where did all of you sleep last night? I haven't talked to you since I thought of renting the room out, but we really needed the extra money since I lost my job, as well as dad getting a demotion since the take over of his company. And now he's gone a lot so it gives me some company as well as bringing in some needed income, I think that those two are just so great, I'm really lucky to get them as tenants."

"First of all, Tina and I slept together in my room, and Sandy and Erika slept in the guest room. As for Sandy and Tina, they seem to be very nice and I found it pleasurable sleeping with Tina. I was so tired so when we went to bed, she gave a fantastic massage that had me having fantastic dreams, I felt great this morning. Best sleep I've had in a long time."

"Oh, aren't her massages just fantastic? She gave me one yesterday and the same thing happened to me, I think it has something to do with her soothing voice. I had the most fantastic dream of being on a tropical island, and you were even in it, and uh, oh it was beautiful, and after I woke up, I felt so relaxed."

"Well what was your dream about, mom? I mean you said you saw me in the dream and that it was fantastic, c'mon mom, you have to tell me so that I can enjoy it as well."

"It really wasn't that great, now that I think about it, we were just relaxing in the sun on this, uh beautiful island, and uh, there were these natives, and they, uh, were all naked, and uh, that's about it, really."

"Mom!!, c'mon, you're not telling me the truth, I've learned to know when you're holding back things from me, I bet it was a naughty dream, c'mon, tell me."

"What's your mom not telling you, Cindy, is she holding back some secrets from you? Laura, it's not nice to keep secrets from us. You know that we're all family now, and that we have to tell each other everything, and not have secrets, so tell us what Cindy wants to know, that way, we'll all be open to one another, O.K.."

"Well, I was just telling Cindy about the wonderful massage that you gave me yesterday, and how relaxed I felt after I drifted off and had this, uh, nice dream while Cindy and I were on this beautiful island with natives and all."

"So what happened, remember, no secrets, and now I'm anxious to hear it as well, so you have to tell us what happened to make this such a great dream?"

"Well, uh, do I really have to. It's kind of a uh, naughty dream, I mean, uh, it's kind of uh, sexual in nature, I really don't uh, think that it would be appropriate to tell my daughter."

"Laura, enough of these games that you play. First of all, you're as sexual, if not more, than any of us. You try to cover it up by pretending that you're a prude, but in reality, you're horny most of the time, and you just don't want to admit it to yourself, never mind your daughter or anyone else."

Laura started crying as she held her head down so that her sweet daughter couldn't see the shame that she felt.

Tina took Laura's hand and said, "Here, give me a big hug, you beautiful sweetheart." Tina whispered something in Laura's ear and Laura, still sobbing, nodded her head. Tina continued to whisper in Laura's ear and Cindy noticed that her mom's sobs were now turning to soft moans.

Cindy was confused as to what was going on with her mom, when she heard her moan, "oh god yeas, yeas yes oooh god yes, I want it, ohh pleaase yeeeaas."

Then Tina pulled away from Laura as Laura tried to hang on to her and was actually trying to rub her pussy against Tina's pube, but Tina pulled away.

"See how horny your mom gets. I'm not going to tell you what I whispered to her, but I just wanted to show her, as well as you, that your mom is a very sexual woman, and a very beautiful sexual woman. Now Laura, you're real horny, aren't you. Now tell us the truth, as well as telling yourself."

"Yes, I'm very horny. I'm sorry honey, I shouldn't say this to you, but Tina is right, I have to admit it to myself as well as you. All these years I tried to tell myself that sex wasn't that important, and all these years I've suffered from depression, and not knowing why. But now I know, thanks to Tina."

"Hey, what's going on?" Sandy said loudly, with Erika standing beside her. "Wow, did Erika and I have a great nights sleep, but I'm sure ready for some coffee and some nice pussy, I mean eggs. hehe"

"Oh mom, this is my wonderful friend, Erika, isn't she beautiful, I just love her nice pointed breasts with those sexy long nipples. We had a great summer, and now it looks like we're going to have a great time for the next couple of weeks before we go back to school."

"Look at us, five beautiful women, completely naked, and having a conversation as casual as could be and with no hang-ups." Tina said, "plus the fact that we were talking about sex, and Laura telling us how strong her sexual drive is and accepting it. It's a beautiful sunny day and I want to go out and lie by the pool so that I can get a perfect tan. Oh Sandy, could I talk to you for a second regarding some work of ours."

Tina and Sandy went out of the kitchen, "Here is what I want you to do," Tina said to Sandy. "After I take the girls out to the pool, I want you to stay in the kitchen and tell Laura that you're going to help pick up so then you can come out and join us. Laura is real horny, so I want you to work her up some more, then take her inside and talk her into some hot lesbian sex, and I don't think that you'll have to do too much talking, both Laura and Cindy are horny as hell, then I'm going to send Erika in for some beer, and I'm sure she'll see the action.. So how did it go last night with Erika? I think that she and Cindy have had sex together."

"Damn, Tina, that Erika is a fucking sex machine, I want to get her on our fuck machine to see how long she can last. I think she'll even wear out the machine."

After breakfast, Tina told everyone that they should go out and enjoy laying out in the sun. Sandy told Tina that she was going to help Laura clean up and then they would join her.

"Sandy, you should go out and join them, I can pick up here. in fact I don't mind doing this by myself, go out and join them and I'll be out shortly."

"I think that you're being sneaky Laura, I think that you're just horny enough to want to masturbate in privacy," Sandy said as she got behind Laura and put her arms around her and started massaging Laura's breasts.

Laura's attempt to deny it was weak at best, as Sandy was massaging Laura's breasts, she was nibbling on her ear lobe and then licking and kissing Laura's sexy neck. With one hand pulling on her nipple, Sandy dropped her other hand slowly down to down Laura's stomach and then to her pubic area, massaging her bald pube and putting upward pressure to force her large clit to be fully exposed. 

"Oh Sandy, your hands feel so good, it seems as though since you and Tina arrived, all I can think of is sex, and how much I need to be touched. Your hands are so soft and warm, and I just want to open up to both of you. Oh god Sandy, I'm even turned on by my own daughter and her friend, am I sick?"

"Not at all, sweetheart, it's just all this pent up sexuality that you've been suppressing all these years, and now you're letting it all come out, and we're going to help you. We're going to let you release all of 

your sexual inhibitions, and we don't want you to hold anything back. Now let's go into the den so that I can try out a new fuck machine that I know that you'll enjoy."

Outside, Tina and the girls were laying on the grass by the pool, side by side, and of course, Tina managed to be in the middle.

"Isn't this great? Relaxing under the sun with not a care in the world except our own pleasure. Speaking of pleasure, Cindy, last night while you were sleeping, I heard you moaning and I could swear that you saying something like, "ooooh yea, Erika, that feels soo good." Were you having a nice dream about Erika, like I sometimes do about some of my girlfriends?"

"Uh, well, I might have, I mean I don't really remember, I mean like did I say anything else?"

"To tell you the truth, Cindy, I'm almost positive that you came, because it sure sounded like it, and I'm positive I could smell your sex. Listen, Cindy, don't be like your mother, don't be in denial of anything that you think or do sexually, you'll only hurt yourself. Erika, would you be nice enough to go and bring us a cold beer, and see what's keeping Sandy and Laura, tell them we're waiting for them."

Erika went to the house and Tina turned to face Cindy. "I hope that I didn't embarrass you about what I heard you say about Erika in your sleep. Are you and Erika lovers?"

"Oh well, I might as well tell you, somehow you seem to find out everything anyhow. During our summer work, sometimes we had to sleep together, and even though I didn't let Erika know, sometimes when she thought that I was sleeping, she would play with my breasts, and then would masturbate me until I came. I really enjoyed it but for some reason I just didn't tell her that I was awake and how much I enjoyed it. Sometimes I would get so frustrated but it was difficult to have any privacy for me to be able to masturbate, so when she did it to me, it was so intense."

"That's more like it, see how much you become aware of your sexuality when you're willing to talk about it openly and honestly. One more thing, when I saw you masturbating in the shower this morning, but you didn't get to cum, what got you all hot and bothered that you had the strong urge to get yourself off then? Now tell the truth?"

"You don't miss a thing, do you Tina. Again, if I lie I know that you will know that I haven't told you the truth. Well, I went to my mom's room to talk to her, but she was sound asleep so I just crawled in bed with her. I was surprised that she was naked, but even more surprised when she rubbed herself against my thigh, and then she, uh, came."

"So that got you hot, that's fantastic, it just shows how much you love your mother. But I also know, just by the way you're fidgeting around, that you're still so horny that you can hardly sit still."

Tina put her hand in back of Cindy's head and pulled her towards her, and gave her a nice wet kiss. Cindy didn't resist, because Tina was right, she desperately needed to get some relief, as well as she was strongly attracted to Tina. But then Tina pulled away.
