 For the most part, Song was an open book. She let me know exactly how she felt, even at times when it was not easy to hear. However, there was one aspect of her life she kept from me at the beginning of our relationship. This is the story of how the secret was revealed.

During the first two months of our relationship, Song and I saw each other three or four times a week. These dates started with me picking her up at her apartment. Usually, she was so horny our clothes would start getting off the moment we closed my apartment's door behind us. It was mainly her, craving for sex, but I wanted it too. We usually came fast, together, with powerful orgasms.

Then we would put on the minimum amount of clothes necessary, and go fix ourselves something to eat. None of us was a great cook, but we were a good team in the kitchen. Song liked strong tastes, and combinations of them. I liked watching her trying out new things. I liked watching her eyes open when encountering a new spice. It was almost like watching her having a small orgasm.

After a small dinner we would sit down in the living room and watch one episode of some series on Netflix.

During the first few weeks, she would go back to her apartment on nights that preceded a morning shift. She told me she didn't want to wake me up at 5 AM. But later, she started sleeping at my apartment every night, apart for the nights she spent at the hospital.

The nights that she spent at my place were the happiest ones for me. Having the sex-craving out of the way, we were much more at ease when we went to bed. We took it slowly. As with our cooking, we liked to experiment. Each night, either Song or I would come up with an idea of what to do, and we'd do it. We had our boundaries, which we've established ahead of time: No intentional inflicting of pain, no strangling, and no anal sex. Anything else was game. We experimented with eye covers, a little hand-tying, and some role playing. Sometimes Song was a lady I had to serve, and sometimes I was a principal in an all-girl Catholic school, who had to discipline Song — a noddy student. Some of these ideas were successful, and some were not. It was OK to experiment. It was OK to get it wrong. I loved it so much about Song.

One day, about two months after Song and I have met, Song called me early in the afternoon and asked me if I could pick her up. When I came over, she was waiting for me on the curb with two large suitcases.

"Hi Song, what's with the suitcases?" I asked her, as I helped her get them into the car.

"This is all my stuff," she said. "Will it be OK if I parked it in your place for a few days, until I find a new apartment?"

"A new apartment? What happened to this one?" I wondered.

"That's a long story. I'll tell you when we get to your place."

"You can organize your things in my closet and stay at my place for as long as you need to," I said. "No strings attached."

She kissed me softly, and we drove in silence the short trip to my apartment.

I helped her with the suitcases, and got both of them in. As we closed the door behind us, Song started to undress, but I stopped her:

"You owe me a long story, remember?"

"I do, and I will tell you everything, but can we fuck first?"

I wanted her, but I was too distracted not knowing what happened, so I said:

"I'm not sure I can do it right now. I'm too curious..."

She picked up her t-shirt, that was already on the floor and put it back on. Then we sat down on the sofa, and she told me that one thing about her, which I didn't know.

"Owen," she said, "there is one thing about me that I haven't shared with you."

"You know you can tell me everything.," I assured her.

"I'm bi"

"You're what?"

"I'm bi — bisexual. I like both boys and girls."

"Oh," I said, beginning to understand what was going on. "And Jessica?"

"I believe Jessica is completely gay, but she doesn't admit it. She tells herself, and probably the world, she is straight, or at the very least, bi. But she's not. She's gay, and I broke her heart."

Hearing that, I felt my heart ache. Not because I just learned Song was romantically involved with someone else while being with me, but because of the pain she felt, the pain that was reflected by her last words.

"I'm so sorry," I hugged her. "What happened?"

"It's a really long story. Where should I begin?"

"Start from the beginning," I told her. "We have all the time in the world."

She started telling me about how she met Jessica.

"Jessica and I started off as roommates. About a year ago I broke up with some jerk I had dated, and needed a place to stay. She posted an ad at the hospital, so I contacted her. She was very nice, and I liked it that she and I both work shifts and at the same hospital."

"Is she a doctor too?"

"A nurse. Anyways, I took the room, and started living there. At first, it was like any other roommate situation I had before. Between my shifts and hers, we haven't seen each other much. When we saw each other, we were usually busy, each with her own stuff. However, as time went by, something started to change."

"What changed?"

"She started being less strict about what she was wearing around me."

"What do you mean?" I had an idea, but I wanted details.

"For example, even before that, she never wore a bra around the house, but she was wearing these huge shirts on top, so nothing was revealed. But after this change, she started wearing these thin, tight, white undershirts, that revealed the shape of her breasts to the tiniest details."

I was aroused just thinking about it. Although, I wasn't very proud of it. She went on.

"Or, when she took a shower, she wasn't very keen about closing the door."

"How did it make you feel?" I wondered.

"Aroused," she said, looking right at me, checking my reaction.

"You were drawn to her?" I tried to make sure I understood.

"Well, if your female roommate would wear such undershirts at home, so thin and tight that not only the exact shape of her nipples was visible, but also her areolas; and not close the door as she was showering, allowing you to catch glimpses of her boobs and her bush, would you not get aroused?" she asked me, caressing my crotch through my pants.

"I would... but I'm a man..."

"And I'm bi, so I get aroused by these things too."

There was a moment of silence. I caressed her hand with mine, looking into her deep-blue eyes, which looked somewhat sad.

"I understand," I said eventually. "Go on. What did you do?"

"I didn't do anything. I knew I was drawn to women before, but I wasn't sure how I felt about Jessica."

"You were drawn to women before? Jessica was not your first?"

"No. Remember I told you I lost my virginity on my first year of collage?"

"Yes, I remember."

"Well, I didn't lose it to a man..."

"Oh, I see," I said, and added, jokingly. "What did you lose it to?"

She played along. "Well, technically speaking, I lost my virginity to a cucumber, but I was fifteen at the time. I'm not talking about vegetables here."

"I understand," I smiled. "It was a woman."

"Yes. I lived at the dorms. My roommate was an asshole, and we didn't get along, but there was someone cute living on the far end of the hall. She was pre-law.

"There was one spring break when I chose to spare the four-hundred-dollar flight ticket home, and didn't want to join some of the other girls for a weekend of booze and sex on some beach, so I stayed at the dorms. That girl also stayed. For the most part, I was in my room studying. But at one point I got bored and hungry, and knocked on her door, and asked her if she'd like to grab something to eat together.

"She agreed, and we went together, looking for food. It wasn't very easy to find a place that was serving food at 9 PM on spring break, but we found this pizza place at the far end of campus, that was still open.

"We sat at the pizza place for a while, and talked. We talked about many things. I don't remember what we talked about, but I do remember it went great. I haven't had this much fun talking to someone as I did with her. I didn't want this to be over. Gladly, after we finished our food and went back to the dorms, she asked me if I wanted to get into her room."

"And did you?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Sure I did. I didn't want this evening to be over. I didn't want to go back to doing homework alone in my room. We sat on her bed. There was an awkward silence. After a minute or two, she told me she thought I was beautiful. I told her she was too. She really was. Then she asked me if I have ever kissed a girl before. I told her I did not, and she asked me if it was OK if she kissed me.

"I felt my heart racing. She was really beautiful, and I felt I wanted to kiss her so bad. So I nodded, and she got closer to me, touched me on my face with her gentle hand, brought her mouth close to mine and kissed me gently."

"How did you feel?"

"In heaven! The kiss was amazing. After this soft-soft kiss she looked at me. Her look changed. It was now full of passion."

"Did you feel the same? Passion?"

"Hell yeah. I wanted her so badly. I put my arms around her and brought her back to me for another kiss. This time, it was a passionate kiss. We exchanged tongues a little bit, and tasted each other's lips as if we haven't eaten for days. Then she asked me if it was OK if she took her shirt off."

"Was it OK?"

"OK? I wanted to see her naked! I wanted to feel every inch of her body! I nodded in agreement, and she took it off. Then she reached back and undid her bra, looking straight into my eyes, as she revealed her two beautiful breasts to me."

"How were they?" I asked.

"Do you want a description? Are you getting horny hearing my life story?" she slapped me gently on my arm.

"Can't blame a guy for trying...," I justified myself.

"No sweat. I'll tell you. Her breasts were beautiful. They were larger than mine, but still smaller than most girls I know. They had the perfect rounded shape, with dark nipples pointing a little-bit upwards, at their end."

"These sound like nice looking breasts," I concurred.

"Indeed they were," she said. "Anyways, I loved her breasts. I kissed her again, and then lowered myself, kissing my way to them. Then I started licking her nipples that were already hard. Then she asked me to show her mine, which I did gladly."

"You took your shirt off?"

"Yes, and my bra. She asked me to lie on the bed and kissed every inch of my upper body. She gave special attention to my tits, and told me they were the most beautiful ones she ever saw. I don't know if she was telling the truth, but it felt good to hear. Eventually, she got to my belly, and then my jeans, and asked me if it was OK if she undid them."

"And was it?"

"Of-course it was! I was so wet! I wanted to tell her to eat my pussy, but all I could let out was a crumby 'yes'."

"So she got you naked?"

"Yes. She kissed my pussy for a while, telling me I'm so beautiful. Then she asked me to spread my legs. I did, and she set herself between them and started licking me. She did it so well. I don't remember exactly what she did to me. I just remember having the best orgasm I have had till then, and maybe one of the best ones I have ever had."

I kissed Song. I was so aroused by her story, and wanted her badly. But at the same time, I wanted to hear more.

"Did you return the favor?" I asked.

"Of-course I did. As soon as I could breath normally again, I asked her if she wanted me to do the same to her. She said she'd love that, and removed her pants and panties. She had a nice pussy, with dark, curly hair covering her labia. Her little bush was not shaved, but still, not very thick. I never saw a vagina from so up close before, and wasn't sure I knew what to do. Of-course, the masturbation book helped, but that wasn't what I was used to. Luckily, she was very nice about it, and just showed me. She showed me her clit..."

"Like you did, on our first night together," I said.

"That wasn't a 'night together', that was a 'pre-date shag'," she replied.

"OK, on our 'pre-date shag'," I agreed.

"Anyways, she showed me, and I started licking it. At one point she asked me to put my finger in, and showed me how to rub her from the inside. It didn't take much longer until she came vocally."

I kissed Song passionately. The idea of her with another woman made me just crazy, and craving for her. But my curiosity was more powerful than my erection.

"What happened afterwards?" I asked.

"Nothing special. We lay there naked for a while, kissing here and there, and finally, she told me she still had this big assignment to finish. I had some things to finish as well, so I got dressed and left. Before I left the room we hugged once again. I was fully dressed, and she was fully naked. We haven't said anything about doing it again. I don't know if she wanted to or not."

"Did you do it again after that?" I asked.

"No, we hardly talked to each other after that. Before we knew it, the year was out, and on the following year we got different dorms. I haven't seen her around campus, and didn't have the nerve to look for her. I started dating guys. Fucking them was nice, but it never felt as good as it did with her. Actually, fucking never felt as good, until I met you."

"Me?" That took me by surprise.

"Yes. The first time I felt something remotely close to what I felt with her, was when you came down on me, on our 'pre-date shag'. Then, on our first real date, I felt this may even be better. I may be giving this first time more credit than it deserves, after all, it was my first time ever, and I didn't have anything to compare it with, but it always felt like a bar that was hard to pass. But now, with you, it's the first time I believe I've reached it, or maybe passed it even."

I was so flattered. I knew she had a lot of sexual experience — much more than I did. Hearing this was a nice surprise. I figured she was already with guys who were better than me in bed, at least in terms of pure performance. However, I believe our emotional connection was what made the sex better. I haven't been in love with anyone the way I was in love with her, and I didn't know with how many guys she developed this emotional connection, I imagined very few, if any. I kissed her passionately and said:

"I never was with someone for whom I felt such a deep connection. I never loved anyone the way I love you, and yes, I never enjoyed sex the same way as I do with you."

"Would you like to enjoy sex with me right now?" she asked, opening two large, hungry eyes.

"More than anything."

She removed her pants and panties, and I removed my jeans and underpants. I fucked her right there, on the sofa. We both came fast and hard. We stayed there hugging for a few minutes. Then I got off of her, and returned to sit besides. her.

Song grabbed some tissue and dried herself up. We sat there in silence, half naked, for a minute or two. Then I reminded her:

"You were telling me about Jessica."

"Oh yes, and the private striptease shows she was giving me."

"Yes... that," I said with a noddy smile.

"Well, Jessica and I had this one fun thing we did together. At times when we were both home at the evening, and we both were in the mood for it, we would make some microwave popcorn and sit down to watch a movie, usually, some silly romantic comedy. We liked to compete on who would guess what was about to happen."

"Who usually won?"

"She did. I was terrible at that. Anyways, one evening we were watching one of these romantic comedies. Jessica was wearing a huge t-shirt, like the ones she used to wear before her striptease-era began. I wore shorts and a regular t-shirt, without a bra. The shirt was loose enough so nothing was showing. You know my tits..."

"I know your tits very well, and love them very much," I said, caressing them through her shirt. She smiled.

"Anyways, we were watching this film. I don't remember what film that was, I just remember Jessica was the one who picked it, and I do think one of the story-lines was about two women falling in love. I'm not sure.

"Anyways, the bowl with the popcorn was between us, and we watched the movie. At one point, we finished the popcorn. Jessica moved the bowl to the coffee table in front of us, and moved closer to me on the couch. She moved so close, our thighs touched. When she moved, her shirt that was covering her upper thighs got pulled up a little, and I managed to see some dark pubic hairs popping from between her legs."

"She wasn't wearing any underwear?" I asked.

"It was that day's episode in the private striptease show she was giving me."

"How did it make you feel?" I asked.

"How do you think it made me feel? Imagine your female roommate sitting next to you wearing only a shirt, with no underwear..."

"I don't have to imagine," I said with a large grin all over my face. "My female roommate IS sitting next to me wearing only a shirt, with no underwear."

She gave me a soft slap on my hand.

"Roommate? Is that what I am to you?"

"Well, technically, beginning today, we do share a room..."

"OK, 'roomy'," she said, "so how does it make YOU feel to have your roommate half naked next to you?"

"It makes me feel great," I said, and caressed her on the crotch. "I love seeing you naked. And half-naked is OK too..."

She smiled at me, kissed me softly, and went back to the story.

"So I realized she was seducing me."

"So, how did THAT make you feel?"

"Not very good. Sitting here with you, We both feel good about getting aroused by each other, because we both feel the same about each other."

As she was saying that, she played with my shrunk penis with her fingers.

"But if, for example, I loved you and you didn't love me back," she continued her hypothetical, "you'd feel bad about wanting to fuck me."

"I guess I would."

"This is how I felt. At the same time I felt aroused, and guilty about being aroused."

"What did you do?"

"I did nothing. I told myself this could just be a misunderstanding."

"So what happened next?"

"Very casually, without moving her eyes away from the screen, she touched my thigh very gently with her hand, and started caressing me there, all very gently. She moved her hand along my thigh, almost all the way down to the knee, and then up. I felt both aroused and nervous as her hand reached the end of my shorts. She let her hand move further, getting her fingers one inch inside my shorts. I felt a chill going through my body."

"Good chill or bad chill?" I asked.

"Guilty chill," she replied.

"Did you do anything? Say anything?"

"I tried. I wanted to ask her not to do that, but she hushed me, as if she didn't want me to interrupt the movie."

"I guess she didn't stop there, did she?"

"Of-course not. Next, she took my hand, and while still looking straight at the TV, she put my hand on her thigh. She moved it up her thigh, all very gently. Thing is, I knew what was waiting for my hand at the place were she runs out of thigh. I guess she was planning on that, and to tease me, she changed direction about two inches from her... you know..."

"Yes, I know," I said.

It was weird for me, the way Song avoided the word "pussy" (or maybe some other dirty word). I guess she was really ashamed of how she felt in that situation, and didn't want to arouse herself again, something that would probably bring more of that guilt. 

"So, after a couple of times, in which she moved my hand up and down her thigh, she finally got my hand all the way. I felt her pubic hair on my fingers, and as she leaned a little back, I also managed to feel her wetness. This is when she turned to me and asked me if it felt good."

"What did you tell her?"

"Nothing. I just looked at her, and then at my hand, which was... you know... at her..."
