 A few months ago, I dated a girl who was everything I could have asked for sexually. She was raw, she was passionate, and she liked sex even more than I did. We had planned a weekend getaway together. It wasn't really a vacation but just a couple of days where we had no obligations, and we were going to use every minute of it in bed. We had booked a hotel room in a nearby city which was close enough so that we didn't have to drive very far, but far enough to feel like we "got away." 

I was already excited when we got there. I sat on a couch, trying to find something in one of my bags, and watched her as she checked in. My eyes traveled down her body. Her jeans were very tight, so tight I could almost imagine she had nothing on. It showed every curve of her ass and I found myself fantasizing about kissing those butt cheeks. I just wanted to put my mouth on every part of her body, whether it be kissing or licking or sucking. 

She turned around and caught me staring at her ass. I couldn't help but linger on it for a second before I met her eyes and gave her a smile. I couldn't say it out loud in the hotel lobby, but in my head I told her, "You are going to get fucked." I think she knew what I was thinking, though, since she returned my smile with a smile of her own that suggested that she was waiting for me to do just that. 

We made our way to the hotel room and went inside. There was a sitting area with a TV and a mini-bar, and a door that led to the bedroom. We dropped our bags down on the floor, and while she settled down in an overstuffed seat I continued to look through my bag for whatever it was that I was looking for. After a few minutes I gave up and sat next to our stuff on the floor. She was watching me from her chair, and as our eyes met I couldn't wait any longer. I crawled over on my hands and knees to where she was sitting, spread her legs so I could get up closer, and knelt until we were eye level. 

I caressed her waist. "This is going to be so fun," I murmured into her mouth, smiling. 

"Mmm," she agreed, and we kissed passionately. Unfortunately, right then there was a knock on the door. It was a maid bringing up some extra towels we had requested. We thanked her and shut the door behind her. We left the towels in the sitting room, and I took her by the hand and led her into the bedroom, looking over my shoulder and devouring her with my eyes. Without breaking stride, she pushed me onto the queen sized bed and I pulled her on top of me. There was a slight pause, that moment right before you kiss, and then her mouth was on mine and all I could feel was her tongue inside my mouth, warm and wet as she caressed my tongue with her own. 

We kissed each other hungrily while our hands ran over each other's bodies. Soon I was out of breath and moaning into her mouth. I spread my legs wider and rubbed my aching pussy up into her hip, desperate for some kind of contact with my clit. She slipped her thigh between my legs and pressed it in hard. I gasped and threw my head back. She took the opportunity to start making out with the side of my neck. I started shivering as her tongue hit those sensitive spots over and over again. She flipped me over on my belly and resumed kissing me on the back of my neck. "You've got goose bumps," she said, running her fingers down my arm. 

"Don't stop," I begged. "It feels so good."

She continued kissing and licking my neck while I shook and gasped. I turned over on my back and kissed her with double the passion, our mouths opened wide against each others' and our tongues as far into each others' mouths as they could go. She broke the kiss and pulled my shirt up until my bra was exposed. It was turquoise, lacy, and very small, and she pulled it down to let my breasts hang out freely. She took one of my nipples into her mouth and sucked on it gently while she flicked the tip of her tongue over it. I hissed as a sharp wave of pleasure went through my body. I pulled my shirt the rest of the way off, and took the moment to unfasten my bra and throw it on the ground beside the bed. 

She resumed licking and sucking on my nipples while she pinched the other one roughly. I pushed down on her shoulders to try to get her to go down lower, and she seemed about to but she wasn't done with my breasts yet. She sat and straddled my hips so she could massage my boobs in both hands. I pulled her shirt off and squeezed her tits through her bra. They fit so perfectly in my hands, just the right size for me to squeeze. She lowered her head and kissed her way down my stomach, where she paused to pull off my pants before she settled down in between my legs. She licked and sucked first on my left hip bone and then on my right, which caused me to moan like she was going down on me. She pulled my thong down just enough so she could lick my mound, then kissed her way along my inner thighs. I begged her with my eyes to lick my pussy, but she continued to torture me like that for what felt like an hour but in reality was probably only a few minutes. 

Finally she pulled my panties off and I spread my legs wide in anticipation. I could feel how wet I was, so wet that my juices were running all the way down into my crack. She mouth latched onto my clit and she flicked her tongue over it, giving me what I had been waiting for. I looked down and saw her watching me as she ate me out. Putting her hands underneath my ass, she pulled my pussy into her face and tongue-thrashed my clit. My fingers threaded through her hair as I ground my pussy into her face. 

"Close your mouth," I said, and she complied. I held her head and rubbed my clit against her closed mouth. Her face soon got wet with all my juices, and I pulled her up roughly and kissed her. Our mouths stuck together slightly from the wetness, and I licked it all off my lips and hers. It made me hungry for her taste. I pushed her over so she was on her back and hurriedly pulled off the rest of her clothes except for her bra. I leaned down and inhaled her scent. She was so wet. I held her pussy lips open and ran my tongue along her slit from back to front, then back again. It was so erotic I lost control of any technique. I dug my tongue in deeper into her slit, licking and sucking whatever flesh my mouth came in contact with. When I pulled my head back to catch my breath, there was a string of pussy juice connecting her pussy to my right cheek. 

I ran my tongue in soft circles around her clit. I didn't even need to pull any of the skin back, her clit was so hard that it was sticking out and easy to lick. I dipped my tongue in the pool of wetness around her hole and resumed my attention on her clit. I played with her for a little while, flicking my tongue over the sides of her clit instead of the top just to see what kind of a reaction I would get. Then I took her clit into my mouth and flicked her clit in earnest, alternating between sucking and licking. I felt her pussy gushing wetness onto my chin. She moaned louder and louder until she started convulsing, screaming something in Spanish while she maintained a death grip on my head.

She then pushed my head away, breathing heavily. I looked down at her pussy. I swear to God, I have never seen anyone get so wet. It was all over the bed beneath her, juices were spread thickly over her entire pussy and a good portion of her inner thighs. It was like an explosion had happened. I moved my way up her body and kissed her. She sucked the juice off my tongue. 

We kissed heavily for a few minutes, sucking each others' tongues, until she rolled over so that she was on top of me again. She placed her pussy on top of mine so that she was sitting on my hips and immediately started grinding. I gripped her by the hips and rubbed my pussy against hers so that we created a rhythm together. Her bra had come off at some point when I hadn't noticed and I reached up and squeezed her breasts as they bounced up and down. Soon we both could hear the sound of wetness coming from our pussies grinding against each other. She reached down and opened her pussy lips as she rubbed her clit almost frantically against my pussy. I could feel how hard her clit was again. I looked up at her face and saw that she had already been watching me, her face contorted in pleasure and excitement and her breath coming in short pants. She was rubbing my chest in between my breasts. I readjusted the angle I was grinding her with, which put even more friction onto our clits. She moaned loudly, almost a scream, and stopped moving. She hunched over so her face was up against my neck while I held her hips and rubbed my pussy as hard as I could onto hers. "Don't stop," she begged me, and her body quivered before she screamed and let loose with her second orgasm that just went on and on. I fucked her through it, moaning myself at the intensity of her orgasm that she was having. 

Eventually her body relaxed and she fell onto the bed beside me, completely wiped out. I still hadn't gotten off yet, but I knew there was going to be plenty of time later. And that is something I will save for another story.