 This story is a work of fiction with fictitious characters over the age of 18. 

***************************

As a business traveler with a very large territory, I spend more hours on the road than I care to count. Late meetings, traffic and road construction all make my misery exponentially more miserable. When you spend 8-hours a day selling, 3-5 hours driving and very few weekends at home, there is little time to foster or participate in a relationship. As such, when it comes to sensual pleasure I am my own best friend and ongoing one-night stand.

My Milwaukee meeting ran late today and the client insisted on dinner afterwards. I didn't get on the road to Detroit until shortly after eight. By the time I'd crossed the Michigan border it was already after midnight and I was thankful my first meeting was a luncheon tomorrow.

On the road, audiobooks are my friend — steamy, historical romance novels to be specific. Call it girl porn, bodice-rippers or simply whatever you like, I enjoy them immensely and I'm not ashamed to admit it.

When driving after dark, I routinely listen to a sexy narrator and pleasure myself to pass the time as I drive. Tonight was no exception. The minute I hit the darker sections of Michigan's interstate, I opened nearly all the buttons on my button-front skirt and relaxed into the seat. With traffic extremely light this late at night, it was easy to position my car a good distance from others and set the cruise control. Within a few minutes my fingers were dancing under my panties as I listened to the breathless tale unfold. Bound and tied, the heroine was bravely resisting the promiscuous advances of her villainous adversary. Not surprisingly, her lust and body eventually betrayed her and she submitted to him completely. The primal, furious lovemaking that ensued drove me to new heights of pleasure — leaving me with an insatiable, dark desire that lingered even after I had a mind-blowing orgasm. God I was fucking horny tonight.

Thirty minutes and just over an equal number of miles passed. Off the right side of the highway my headlights illuminated a small, purple sign that read, "Adult Books — Next Exit. Open 24 hours." While I'm normally too reserved and shy to shop for sex toys in person, I was certain that I couldn't get an online delivery to satisfy the fire that burned deeply between my legs tonight. 

When I approached the exit, I turned on my blinker with a sense of apprehension and excitement. The intersection at the exit was quite dark. No nearby gas stations hotels or eateries. A small sign for the store was the only thing at the top of the hill and it pointed to the right — five miles.

I drove down the moonlit country road, questioning my sanity with each passing, lonely mile. I was clearly in the middle of nowhere. If there had ben an easy place to turn around before I arrived at the store, I'd have taken it.

Gravel crunched under my tires as I pulled into the parking lot. A small, gray, cinderblock building stood before me with a single bare-bulb lighting the entryway. There was only one car in the parking lot and a red and blue 'OPEN' sign glowed in the only tiny window on the building.

"Just go in, buy something fast and get out," I encourage myself, "people do this all the time." Lacking both bravery and good judgment, I got out of the car, pushed the lock button on my remote and headed inside.

As I stepped in the door I was greeted by a well lit, shockingly clean, retail environment. White walls, racks of well-merchandised lingerie and modern glass displays adorned with all manner of sex toys. To say I was pleasantly relieved would be a drastic understatement. 

A young woman stood behind a raised counter-top. Her blonde hair framed her face and ended with pink highlights just above her boobs — which were barely covered by the white, crop-top tank she wore. She looked at me with an inquisitive expression then smiled, "Can I help you find something?"

"Ummm... just browsing," I stuttered.

"Oh!" she said enthusiastically, "sorry, I don't get many female customers here — especially this late at night. I'd thought maybe you were lost and looking for directions."

"Ahhh," I nodded. "Nope. Not lost. Just a long day of business travel," I replied as I safely browsed the lingerie rack.

She stepped down from the register area and walked towards me, "We have a great selection of leather items and skirts like the one I'm wearing on the far wall," she pointed, "and over there we have a ton of cute new shoes that came in — just like these."

She lifted her leg a bit and pointed her foot towards me. The straps of her white, vinyl platform shoe wrapped delicately around her ankle and the pink polish on her toes matched the highlights in her hair. I don't know if I blushed or just appeared extremely awkward but she reached out, put a hand on my shoulder and smiled, "We don't have to be shy here. I've worn, looked at or used nearly every item in this store before I order them so you can ask anything, and I mean any question you like. Where you looking for clothes or toys tonight?"

"Umm, toys," I said sheepishly.

"There over here," she said as she grabbed my hand and whisked me down the aisle, "butt toys, pussy toys or something for your nipples?"

"Umm... pussy toys," I replied.

She guided me over to a circular display and began to pick up various toys and give a detailed explanation their features, their best use and how to maintain them. I kept looking over my shoulder, wanting to get out before somebody else arrived. Noticing my nervousness she grabbed my hand again, 

"Don't worry. Wednesdays are my slowest nights of the week. If anyone shows up, you can hide in here," she spread a bunch of corsets apart on an adjacent rack and giggled.

"Sorry," I said, "I don't do this kinda thing very often. Errr, well, ever."

"Ooooo," she teased, "a shop virgin. How terribly sexy."

My face flushed with embarrassment. I've never considered myself prudish but I sure felt that way in this environment. Before I could apologize again, she quickly extended her hand to shake mine and introduced herself, "My name is Madison, thanks for stopping in my store."

I reached out and shook her hand in return, "Hi Madison, I'm Lily."

"Tell you what Lily," she continued immediately, "you've seen a few things and have a general idea of my prices. How about you write down a number and I'll pick out a few items within your budget that I'm absolutely sure will blow your mind. I can be you're Secret Santa of sorts and you can get back on the road in no time."

I smiled a big grin. She was quite the sales person and I had great respect for that. When faced with indecision a good closer simplifies the choices to seal the deal. She was good— very good. I reached in my purse and took two, crisp, one hundred dollar bills from my wallet. I handed them to her and said, "Have at it."

Madison took the money and started my shopping spree. She popped around the store grabbing this and that — occasionally looking back, eying me with consideration, then continuing to shop. We made small talk as she shopped.

"How long have you been open?" I asked.

"Three years," she said, "My mom and I own the store. She watches my daughter at night while I take the third shift — which is fine. I'm really a night owl at heart."

"How old is your daughter?"

"Six months," she smiled, "and the best thing that's ever happened to me."

"You seem to be doing very well. The store is lovely."

"Well, I'm not getting rich... but I'm not starving," she said as she knocked on a wooden display.

After a few minutes and more small talk, she headed up to the register with an armful of items and called me over.

I maneuvered my way to the counter as she rung up her selections. She grabbed my change and brought a bag down to me. She hooked her arm under mine and talked as she walked me towards the back of the store, "You can look over the items in the privacy of a viewing room. If there is anything you don't particularly like, I can find something else."

She opened the center of three doors and guided me in, setting the bag on the vinyl bench in the room. She took a dollar bill from her hand and slid it into a video machine on the wall, made a selection then handed me the remaining stack of singles, "I'm going to put the 'back in 30-minutes' sign on the front door. Nobody will disturb you."

We wicked smile spread across her face. She pushed a dimming switch on the lights and said, "Don't worry about the rooms, I'm a stickler for cleanliness. You could eat off these floors."

The door clicked closed and I stood there feeling dumbfounded and mildly like I'd been swindled. Normally I'm the aggressive sales person, not the mark, "Touché naughty sales lady, touché," I thought.

I opened the bag and started to take inventory. There was a thick, purple jelly dildo with a suction cup bottom; a silicone butt plug with shiny gem on the end; exotic nipple clamps; a silicone, water-proof vibrator; various lubricants and a box that contained remote control panties. A post-It note was stuck to the panty box that read, "For those long drives. Batteries included! :-)"

I put all the items back in the bag except the panties. I figured I could have fun with those when I got to the hotel. I unboxed the panties. There was a keychain type remote, an oval shaped vibrator and a black, lacey pair of panties with a pocket in the gusset for the vibrator. I decided I was absolutely going to wear them for the remainder of my drive.

I hiked my skirt, removed my panties and slid on the new ones with the vibrator in place. I adjusted the position of the vibrator (to insure it was over my clit) and pushed the button on the remote. Nothing. I pushed it a few more times and it still didn't vibrate. I sighed, opened the door slightly and poked my head out.

"Madison?" 

She turned from the display she was adjusting and walked towards me, "Everything ok?"

I held up the keychain for her to see, "It doesn't seem to be working."

She walked into the viewing room as I stepped back and let the door close behind her, "Let's have a look."

She pushed the button on the remote a few times. "This seems ok," she said see, the rid light is on and indicates that it's in the on position. Must be the vibrator."

She reached down with confidence and intent. Before I could object she unbutton the top two buttons on my skirt and started to pull it down. "Let's have a look at the rest of it," she said as she knelt in front of me.

I stood there in shock. Frozen like a deer in headlights. 

"Oh, these fit really well," she said as she smoothed out the panties around my hips, "turn."

I obeyed. I turned my ass towards her and she smoothed the fabric over my ass cheeks. Her fingers gripped my ass and jiggled my cheek like she was fluffing a pillow.

"You look adorable in these Lily. I knew it was a good pick for you," she said as her hands dipped under the front of my panties and she removed the vibrator. I shivered as her knuckles brushed against my labia.

The video machine beeped a warning tone as the timer ran out. The background noise of sex sounds ended abruptly. Madison and I ignored the machine.

She forced her nail in the side of the device and popped it open. She pulled the disc shaped battery out, flipped it over and snapped it closed. When she pressed the button on the remote I saw her smile as she looked up, "Battery was upside down," she giggled.

I held my breath as she replaced the unit in my panties. Both hands were under my panties, rubbing back and forth as she adjusted it. She started to hand me remote. Before I could grab it a sizzling vibration reverberated across my entire pussy. I arched my back into the jolt and grabbed her shoulder for balance as I moaned deeply.

"There we go," she said as she let off the button and stood up, "working as intended."

I looked at her with wide eyes and she hammered the remote again. My legs felt rubbery and I leaned into her. She stepped forward and forced me against the wall. She took my hand from her shoulder and pushed it above my head — holding it against the wall. Her knee pushed between my legs and her lower thigh rested against the front of my panties — rocking back and forth, grinding the vibrator into me.

She pushed my hair over my ear, leaned in and whispered, "Would you like me to show you the other settings naughty girl?"

"Yes," I gasped.

She traced the edge of the remote down my neck, over my breasts and deep between my legs. She cycled through the various settings as a few fingers massaged the vibrator against me. My hips rolled in soft circles to meet her advances. I tossed my head back, moaning and releasing my pent up desires. I drifted between reality and mind-numbing bliss until an orgasm ripped through my body with all the rage of a spring thunderstorm. I convulsed and bucked wildly against her hand and thigh. When I finished riding the torrent of sensual waves she kissed me passionately and deep. Her tongue snaked over my lips and tangled with my own. I'd never kissed a girl before but I kissed her for all I was worth.

We briefly came up for air and she guided me to the bench in the room. I sat down and leaned back as she made quick work of removing my blouse and bra. I lifted my hips and she pulled my panties free. She kissed down my thigh as she slid them off and removed my shoes. She looked up with a grin, "Imagine that, we're the same size." 

She tossed my shoes to the side, unbuckled hers and slid then on my feet. She grabbed the bag of other toys as she straddled me. She dumped them on the bench next to us quickly opened a few of the packages. My chest was flushed and heaving as I breathed in the moment. I was completely naked below her fully clothed self. I felt vulnerable, objectified and somehow, extremely empowered.

She teased the chain of the nipple clamps over my breasts then attached them. I winced as she fastened them and moaned deeply when she gave them a tug. She teased the small butt plug in and out of her mouth — coating it with and ample amount of saliva. With one hand she tugged on the nipple chain and her other reached behind her and underneath me. I rocked my hips back to giver her access. I felt the wet, silicone tip teasing against my puckered ass then slowly glide in. 

"Ahhhh fffuck," I hissed and rocked my hips harder.

Madison leaned back and pulled her tank top and bra over her head. She tossed it to them side as she shook out her hair. Her C-cup breasts were slightly smaller than mine but wonderfully round with puffy, dark nipples. I dropped my hands to my breasts and lightly tugged on the chain as she continued to undress. She lifted up on her knees as she unzipped the back of her leather skirt. When she pulled it to the side she exposed the harness she wore underneath. She grabbed the large purple dildo and fit it in the harness as I watched with primal desire.

"Do you need this cock in your pussy Lily?" she asked.

I pulled on the nipple chain hard and moaned, "I do."

Madison pulled my head to her breasts and I kissed and rolled my tongue over them. The more I kissed the tighter she mashed my head into her tit. I opened my mouth wide and drew her sexy, engorged nipple into my mouth — sucking on it with eager devotion. She tangled her fingers in my hair and pulled me off her breast with a plop. My heart nearly stopped when I noticed the droplets of milk leaking from her breast. I licked my lips and realized my mouth had more than saliva in it. 

She licked her own lips and smiled. "Baby," she shrugged, "Sorry, I haven't pumped yet."

I'd never considered how sexy fertility could be. The sight of her milk filled breasts made me tingle deep, in unimaginable ways. I reached up to her tits and pinched the puffy sides of her areolas — rolling her nipples in my fingers.

Her hands lifted to her collarbone, pressed down then slid forward over her breasts. She continued to pet them as I tugged and squeezed. The initial droplets rolled over my fingers until a long stream appeared. The milk squirted all over my breasts, dripped down my arms and pooled in my belly. When the pool overflowed a river of milk ran down my abdomen and cascaded over my pussy. Madison watched our acts of taboo with a look of great satisfaction on her face. 

She placed her palm in the pool of milk then stroked her dripping hand over the purple cock. She slid her hips back far enough to enter me then pushed the milk-covered cock into my depths. My fingers dug into her breasts as I begged, "Fuck me Madison. I need it so bad."

Madison plowed that cock in and out of me better than any man ever had. She moved the cock with the intention of pleasing me, not to make her sensationless cock feel better — a not so subtle difference. My hips bucked to meet her thrusts and we banged wildly against each other until we glistened and dripped in sweat.

My fingers fired across my pussy as she fucked me. Her hands pushed down on my shoulders and she pinned me to the wall and bench. I was so ready to cum. So very, very, ready. I gasped and grunted as I fucked my way over the edge. I pulled my knees towards my chest. I convulsed and my pussy quivered, shook and squirted all over her girl-cock. Madison slid off me with fiery lust in her eyes. She got on her knees and quickly removed the harness. Panting heavily, she pulled on my hands, encouraging me to stand up. I did.

I spread my legs and stood over her face. She attacked my pussy with desire and insatiable hunger. Her tongue swirled through my wetness. I closed my eyes and listened to the kissing, slurping and sloshing. I felt desired. I felt needed.

In a commanding voice she said, "Got anymore of that hot nectar? Coat me in it and make me yours."

I stood there hesitantly, with a growing amount of trepidation. I knew what she wanted but I couldn't. Wouldn't. I just couldn't imagine doing it. Before I could mouth the words, "I can't," she looked at me with pleading eyes.

"Don't deny me this," she said, "I've given you all of me."

I looked down at her covered in milk and sweat. Her fingers sawed in and out of her pussy as her thumb worked on her clit. She was right. Good sex, no, great sex isn't about you. Great sex is driven to new heights by chasing the desires of your partner.

I could feel the fullness in my bladder. It had been too many miles and too many gulps from my water bottle that preceded this unexpected encounter. 

"Please," she begged, "I need this."

I closed my eyes as I spread my pussy open. I held my breath until my bladder began to release. As I opened my eyes I saw the hot, clear stream of piss splashing over her breasts. She smeared it over her body and leaned her face into it. I coated her as she asked me to do. The flow of my desire seemed endless. I rolled my hips, dousing her skin with the most intimate action I'd never shared with anyone. 

Her body shuddered with an orgasm as I stood there dripping over her. I lowered myself down and knelt in the puddle with her — kissing her wet face and lips. She kissed me back, shivering in the afterglow of her orgasm.

Her dripping hands cradled my face as she kissed me thankfully and breathlessly whispered, "I'm a hot mess for you Lily."

We held each other until our bodies and wetness cooled. She got us towels and we exchanged small talk as we dried ourselves, dressed and made ourselves presentable. She walked me to my car we lingered a while before we kissed goodnight. I got in the car with my bag, rolled down the window and handed her my business card. She leaned in smiling and kissed me a few more times.

"Thanks for the shoes," I said through a few more kisses. 

"It was a fair trade for your panties," she grinned. 

Before I could steal another kiss a car pulled into the parking lot. Madison laughed and motioned towards the car, "The only night of the year a Unicorn shows up and spends time in a glory-hole there isn't a man around. Can't say I feel bad for 'em."
