 I needed to get away from everything. Visiting family was out of the question. I didn't want to feel obligated to tell them about my personal life. I decided to vacation where my husband and I first met, in Wyoming, at a very pleasant ski resort. Kevin had to tie up a few loose ends before he could fly over. I found I had some free time to spend pampering myself. The mountains were absolutely beautiful and I felt free and relaxed.

It was just about perfect.

I went to some of the smaller craft shops and bought a few little trinkets for the family. When I was done I headed off to some of the bigger stores to spoil myself. I remembered the stores we had frequented when we were here three years ago. I could also remember all of the sexy lingerie I wanted to buy. I started biting my lip. Just thinking of going back there made me shiver. It had been a long three years since I was here. I was hoping the store was still in business. I called for the store hours when I got back to the hotel, and even spoke to the same woman on the phone. It was her, Megan, one of the most beautiful females I could remember. I was just hoping she would remember me.

That night I called home and spoke to my husband. I casually mentioned I was meeting up with the same "old friend" we had gotten to know. I waited a moment and smiled, I could hear his brain working, trying to think of something tactful to say. There really wasn't much he could, at least nothing that would make much sense. I was smiling and he knew it. He switched subjects and asked about how I was doing and when he thought he'd be able to catch a flight. We ended the conversation quickly and I told him to call when he found out when he'd be arriving. He said he was eager to travel. I could just imagine why, he always loved being apart of my sexual escapades.

The following morning when I woke up I was extremely excited. I was just glowing with anticipation. I put on my panties and my robe, made a cup of tea, and drank it while sitting outside on the small balcony. I tried to imagine what I'd be doing later that night. I got chills. I couldn't get the images of my last visit with Megan out of my head. She was just so... lively. 

I finished my tea and headed to the bathroom for a hot shower. I didn't realize I was so excited until I had all of my clothes off, and I was turning on the water. I was glad the shower had a removable head, I was able to satisfy my urges with minimal effort for the time being. I knew I had to save my strength for later.

After my shower, I got dressed and headed out to the lingerie store. I arrived and slowly walked through the door. The store itself was one giant room with changing rooms on both sides in the back. The walls were still a pale red, and the floor still hardwood. The clothing racks were just short enough to be able to see clear to the back. My breath caught in my throat and I could not believe I was back. I looked around and saw Megan, gorgeous as ever, standing by one of the changing rooms. 

I was quickly greeted by a woman and asked if I needed any help. I told her I was just looking. She told me to call her if I needed anything. I took note of her name and slowly walked toward the back of the room. I glanced at the grand selection and grabbed a few things I thought were enticing. 

I could see that Megan and another woman were talking, so I waited for them to finish before I stole Megan's attention. She was standing by the changing room, her back to me. I walked up to her and whispered into her ear. "Hello again, my sweet." I heard her sigh deeply. I knew now that she did actually remember me. She cleared her throat and slowly turned around. I smiled at her, and took her into my arms. I hugged her tightly, and she embraced me as well. She looked happy to see me. I was so pleased. I was worried she wouldn't welcome me back. However, she had such a forgiving heart.

"I didn't think you'd ever come back to see me." She said, holding my hand. "I told you I would when I was back out this way. At this time it's just me, hubby is back at home taking care of a few things there. If everything goes as planned, he will be able to come out and visit in a day or two." "It's been quite a while," She shook her head slightly. "but, the years have been decent enough." "Well, I am glad to see you are still working here." I smiled, and I hugged her again.

She laughed softly, her voice sounding like small chimes. "I still like the people that I work with here. That's the reason I'm still here, I love this place. Always get to see such sexy people. So much beauty and such lustful people." She smiled. 

"I was hoping you'd be able to help me pick out a few things to wear. Do you have a break soon?" I asked with a wink.

She always had such a naughty little smile, so sly. "Yes, I can take a little break now, since it's not too busy at the moment." She walked over to Jennifer, the woman that greeted me, and told her she would be helping me on her break. 

She unlocked the door to one of the larger changing rooms and told me she was going to grab a few things off the floor, and said she'd be back in a minute. I didn't have to wait long at all. I heard a soft knock on the door, and I quickly opened it. She had her arms full of different types of lingerie, in all sizes. She smiled, knowing that I wouldn't be interested in half of the items she brought me. She stepped into the little room, closed, and locked the door.

"So, how have you been?" I asked her. I tried not to seem too eager to feel her next to me again. She was still so soft, and she smelled so sweet.

"I've been good, but I'm not seeing anyone. I haven't been dating anyone for roughly a year now." She sat down on the little shelf in the corner of the small room. She was still holding all of the garments she brought in. She seemed slightly more grown up, since I had last seen her. She moved her hips more sensuously and she now wore her long hair up in a loose bun. I tried to remember how old she would be now.

She sat still and grinned, she realized I was looking her over. I smiled back and sighed. We had a lot to talk about, three whole years to catch up on.

"So," I asked "are you free for drinks tonight?" 

"Yes, I am very free. Where are you staying? Are you staying at the same place as last time?" She stood up and hung the clothes on the wall hooks. 

"Yes, in room number three-forty-two. What time do you get off work tonight?" I asked as I stepped behind her.

She answered me, but it was only a whisper, I could feel her body relax. She leaned her body against mine. "What was that my sweet?" I asked her again.

She answered me again and I gently kissed the side of her neck. "Wonderful... I wouldn't want you to have to change plans or anything." She knew I was teasing her. I enjoyed teasing her, and I could feel she liked it too.

"I am sure I'll be able to go out tonight. I have my own apartment now." She said. "All I have to do is clean up and feed my kitty." 

I laughed. " You won't have to worry about that." I paused. " What time do you think you'll be ready?"

I was still holding her close, and I realized she was rubbing my hands. "I'll be ready by seven." She said, and pushed her fingers gently between mine, and we stood there, silently for a few moments. She melted further into my embrace, and she seemed as comfortable as I was. 

There was a knock on the door and she jumped. She cleared her throat, "Just a minute." She turned and looked at me. "So, did you want to try anything on?"

"Yes, I'll try a few things on and see what I like." I said, and took a beautiful lace-panel dress off its hanger, and held it to my body.

She handed me a gorgeous black velvet chemise. "I love this too. Oh, and of course this." She also handed me a black leather and lace corset. 

I didn't know which to try on first. "Megan, it's amazing how well you remember, what I enjoy wearing." 

She grinned at me and put her hand on the doorknob. 

I took her hand. "I'm glad I came back here, it's really good to see you again. I am looking forward to spending some time with you tonight."

"I'm glad too, I missed you." She gentle kissed my cheek and unlocked the door. "Make sure you let me know when you are ready to check out. I still need to find out when and where we're going to meet up tonight." 

"Okay, don't worry I'll let you know." I watched her glance out the door. She made sure no one was looking, slipped out the door and back into her job. 

I sighed again and tried on a few things. I picked out four items and brought them to Megan. While checking out, we agreed on a time and place to meet up and I headed back to my hotel with new lingerie. 

I arrived back at the hotel with plenty of time to eat and relax. I was still so excited about getting together with Megan. Thoughts of her had always stayed with me after our first encounter.

I missed being with her so much. I was so disappointed I was not able to see her for three whole years, that I could have slapped myself for it.

I ate a late lunch, and relaxed for most of the afternoon. About an hour before heading out, I took another shower to freshen up. I didn't have a need for the shower head, I knew I'd be aroused later on.

Once I was dried off and dressed, I took a small bag out of one of the dresser drawers. I thought I'd share some of my favorite toys with Megan again. She enjoyed them, once long ago. I made sure all of the toys had new batteries and were all rewashed. I placed the toys back into the bag and set it down on the bed, resting against the pillows.

I made a quick call to the hubby and left him a message, letting him know I'd be calling him in the morning. I also called the front desk and requested the answering service for the rest of the night. I told them I didn't want to be disturbed, unless there was a major emergency, and of course they understood. I made sure the room was tidy and placed the Do Not Disturb sign on the door and headed out to meet up with Megan. 

We decided to meet at a small pub where we had previously visited for drinks. It was very clean, and slightly dark, and no one paid much attention to others' conversations.

I arrived early, and requested a private booth in the back. I ordered a drink and waited for Megan. I told the server that I was expecting someone, and he hurried off to fetch my drink. He soon returned with my order. He told me his name, and that if there was any problems to ask for him. I thanked Brian and watched him scurry about, making sure everyone was doing well. 

I looked at my watch, I still had a few extra minutes before Megan was expected. I sipped at my drink, anxious for her to arrive.

I didn't have to wait long. I was watching the door, and I saw her walk in. She started looking for me. I smiled. Brian greeted her, and quickly told her I was waiting for her in the back. He led her to the table, and once she was seated he asked her if she wanted anything. She decided on a drink and again he hurried off to fetch it. After he walked away, I spoke to her.

"I am glad you made it." I said smiling at her.

"Yes, I am glad too." She stated. "I remember when we where here the last time." She grinned. "I thought they were going to ask us to leave."

I laughed. "Well, I'm glad we didn't get caught. I think it would have killed the mood a bit."

She laughed too. "Yes, I think it definitely would have killed the mood."

"You tasted so good, I couldn't help myself. Plus, it added a little excitement to the evening." I smirked.

"Very true." She said. "Oh, here comes my drink."

Brian set down her drink and asked if there was anything else we needed. We were both all set. We thanked him, and he hurried off again to check on his other customers.

We both sipped on our drinks while we caught up on the time spent apart. By the end of the conversation, Megan was sitting right next to me. During the past hour of talking she had slowly moved closer and closer. She smelled so delicious.

She wore a short skirt and a nice tight shirt. The shirt accentuated her firm rounded breasts and her erect nipples. Since she was sitting so close, and no one was paying attention to us, I figured I could get away with a quick caress. I remembered her nipples were quite sensitive.

I leaned close to her and whispered in her ear as I gently squeezed her left nipple, and then cupped her breast in my hand. She let out a soft moan and I released her. She looked at me and grinned. "You remembered." She said, slightly shaking her head.

"Oh yes, I remember. I am sure you also remember that I am not very shy about certain things in public." I said and smirked.

"I remember now." She said and caressed my hand. The feeling sent shivers down my spine. I enjoyed her touch so much, perhaps even too much.

I gently touched her hand and moved her arm slightly. I said, "Long table cloth." and I slowly rubbed my hand down her thigh. "No one should notice unless of course you get too loud." Her eyes widened as my hand traveled back up her thigh, while pulling up her skirt. I watched her bit her lip, and she moved her legs slightly, so I could part her petals easier.

I noticed that her panties were slightly moist already. I was able to push them aside easily. I began to rub her mons, ever so gently. I saw that Brian was returning to the table to check on us. Megan did also. I smiled as he got closer. She could tell I wasn't going to remove my hands, nor stop playing with her. She took a long breath as he arrived at the table. 

Brian smiled at us, not knowing what was going on, he was too busy focusing on his job. He picked up the empty glasses. I told him that we needed to be going and that he could bring us our check. He asked how the drinks were. I replied that everything was just great and tasty. 

As he stood at our table, I continued to rub Megan's mons. I quickly moved to her clit as he began asking questions about where we were from, and what our plans were. I could see Megan fighting off her moans and I had to smile at Brian. He was making things so much more fun. He finally walked away to get our check and I continued to flick at Megan's swollen clit. I could feel her muscles twitch, and she was getting wetter.

Brian quickly returned and placed the check on the table. I was loving every minute of teasing Megan. She was trying not to move her hips, but I could feel her twitching more and more as I played with her clit. She was noticeably flushed. Brian finally noticed my arm was under the table, and he stopped in mid-sentence. He could see that my arm was moving and Megan was still biting her lip. He looked at me, and seemed quite surprised. He stared at Megan, and she closed her eyes and slowly moved her hips, gently pressing against my dancing finger tips. Brian looked back at me. I smiled at him and slightly nodded. He blinked, and his mouth opened slightly, trying to form a sentence or two in his mind. He watched Megan dig her finger tips into the table cloth.  

Megan was breathing heavier, keeping her eyes closed. She was enjoying the attention, but was trying to stay quiet. She no longer cared that Brian was watching. She was moving her hips slightly faster, and her muscles were spasming harder. She was trying to keep from bucking her hips. Brian no longer moved, and was quiet. He was also enjoying the show, noticeably so. I had noticed the bulge in his pants getting larger. I smiled at him and looked down. He softly cleared his throat and stood still. He quickly glanced around to see if anyone was watching. Luckily, no one was paying attention. 

Brian was blushing slightly. He was excited, but didn't know exactly how to react. He was staring at Megan's erect nipples through her shirt. 

I rubbed Megan's clit slowly, and slid my finger inside her. She bit her lip harder, and let a soft moan escape her mouth. I quickened the pace for a few seconds, and then paused. Her eyes fluttered open. She saw Brian staring at her, and she lowered her gaze. She quickly started playing with her napkin. I smiled again at Brian and pushed my finger into her deeper. She inhaled quickly and covered her mouth with her hand. I quickly rubbed her clit, her breathing was sharp and she grabbed my arm under the table. I knew she was close to climaxing. I grinned at her and pressed my finger into her faster and deeper. She closed her eyes again, and covered her mouth tighter, her jaw tightly clasped shut.

I watched Brian, his erection was full and his face was red. He looked at me and took a deep breath. He looked confused, but he knew what was happening under the table. 

Megan was very wet, and I thought I almost heard the soft lapping of her lips parting with the movement. I stopped playing with her clit, and slowly removed my finger from her. She sighed, and cleared her throat. I brought my hand up to my lips and licked my finger. Brian watched as I did so, a pleading look on his face. He moved his hips slightly, making room for his full erection in his pants. He pushed the money on the table, back in my direction. 

"Come on sweetie, time to go." I said to Megan. She fixed her skirt under the table. She stood up without saying a word. I stood, and thanked Brian for the drinks and for the great time. Megan started to walk towards the door, slowly. I said, "I'll be right there." I watched her walk out the door. 

Brian was still silent. I turned back to him. I was sure he could smell her musk. I glanced around quickly, and moved in front of him. "Taste her." I said and lifted my finger to his lips. I gently touched them and grinned. He greedily licked his lip, and then licked my finger. 

"MMmmm" he moaned. "She tastes so good." 

"I know." I said and turned away. "Bye Brian, and thank you again."

I walked out the door, and into the cool evening breeze. Megan was sitting on the bench outside the door. "I can't believe that just happened." She said, as she stared into the night sky. 

"Which part?" I asked, softly laughing.

"Most of it." She said, as she stood up and began walking to her car. Making sure she was a couple of steps ahead of me, I said, "In that case, I'm glad I waited for you to leave before I let him taste you." 

She stopped and quickly turned around. "What did he do?"

"He rather enjoyed it. Did you happen to notice the rather large erection that he had?" I caught up to her and took her hand. "He *REALLY* liked the whole thing. Especially being able to taste you."

As we walked through the parking lot, I stated, "I would rather enjoy it, if you would accompany me back to my hotel room, so we can finish what was started."

"Of course. I even brought a few things in case you asked." She said and led me to her car. She opened the trunk, and I could see she had her own bag of toys and a few extra things. 

I was so excited. 

"Well," she said "I'll follow you back." 

I knew, without a doubt, I was going to enjoy the rest of the evening. 

And I did, but that's another story.

©~Shadow~