 Please note that the names used in this story are fictional.

*****

I really don't like to fly, but I don't much care to spend hours or days in a car, train or bus either. I'd been invited to share Thanksgiving with one of my former foster sisters and while I don't keep in touch with many of my former foster families, a few I do. Stacy was always good to me and we became friends before she was adopted permanent, but this story isn't about her, it's about what happened when I tried to return home.

The weekend visit was wonderful and to see Stacy with her husband and child was special, but it was time to return home to school and classes for me. My name is Natalie and I like to think I'm pretty and friendly and well adjusted, but I know there have been times when I wouldn't have fit any of those descriptive words. At the time this takes place I'm twenty-years old. I'm a short girl, but when I'm standing by myself people think I'm taller for some reason. I've got long brown hair that I like to wear down and let it fall or often wear a headband of some flowery sort just to be colorful. I'm slender with small breasts which I'm happy with in case you're concerned. My eyes are dark brown and I generally try to smile because I feel it's my best feature.

My friend Stacy decided at the airport that for some reason she should take a digital of me and text it to me before our plane even took off. She later said she didn't know how long it would be before she would see me again and had forgotten to take pictures of me throughout the holiday. 

I like to dress nicely when I fly because I like to dress the way I'm hoping the passenger who randomly sits beside me will dress. It seldom works out as I hope and the person beside me usually makes me feel they've spend the day gardening or something as the custom these days on airplanes is to dress overly casual and very grubby it seems. But I can always hope and present myself well. One of my foster parents once told me, "You never know when you're going to meet the person who makes the biggest impact in your life... so be ready and be the person you want to be for them."

Another hope for traveling is that I get lucky and the person seated next to me is someone I don't mind spending the next few hours sitting so close to. So far I've sat next to people I can tolerate, but never had that person I've really enjoyed sharing that time with. When I fly I tend to arrive early and while I sit and wait I people watch and pick out people I hope might sit beside me. I call this passenger roulette. If my luck were a loaded guy I would always get the bullet it seems because I've never had any of my choices seated beside me. As I looked around for this flight the waiting area was filled mostly with family's it seemed and I imagined a screaming child seated beside me. I usually do carry-on when I'm leaving home, and check it in when I'm returning home because while I like the security of having my things with me when I travel, I don't like the inconvenience of hunting for space to store it and having it forced to be separated from me inside the plane. So here I was relaxed and seated without luggage and only my small purse to worry about as I waited for them to begin our boarding process.

We finally began boarding and I snuck ahead in like just because I'm that kind of girl. The plane was mostly empty but we were warned it would be an overfilled flight and they had already made a few requests to compensate people to give up their seats, but I was ready to get home and Stacy would already be well on her way to the two hour drive she had in order to return home.

As soon as I was seated I saw her coming down the aisle and hoped she was headed to the seat beside me. She was a beautiful woman who appeared to be traveling by herself. She had beautiful brown hair and I guess the best way to describe her body was fit and athletic. She was wearing a tight pair of designer jeans with some low heels with a white scoop neck cotton blouse beneath an olive green shirt worn over it. She must have noticed me looking at her as she approached as she smiled at me, but passed me and took her seat opposite the aisle in the row behind me, taking the window seat. From where I sat in my aisle row seat I could turn my head and dream that she would have sat beside me.

It was then when Stacy's text came through to my phone and I saw my own photo and read Stacy's message about how enjoyable I made the holiday for her and before I put my phone away I glanced over to my dream passenger as she was sitting and reading something she must have selected from the pocket in front of her. I put my phone into camera mode and made certain the flash wasn't on and as a gap in the passengers boarding came I snapped a phot of her, and thankfully she didn't notice.

I don't know what possess me to take a photo of a complete stranger, but my first intent was to send a reply to Stacy and include the photo, but I thought it would seem to strange. I replied instead with a simple message to Stacy agreeing that it was a memorable holiday and thanking her again for the invite.

I turned to glance back at my newest desire and hoped there could be a chance nobody would sit beside her, but my dreams were already shattered as an elderly couple was packing their things as the wife sat beside my dream passenger and her husband sat beside the wife.

I'm bisexual in case at this point of the story you're wondering if I have any desires in men, but my radar is more tuned towards other females and I let the men find me if they're interested. With my dream shattered my thoughts were interrupted by the middle aged couple who stopped in the aisle beside me and said, "I think we're next to you." Of course you are, I thought to myself as they weren't the couple I wanted beside me or even close. I moved from my seat to stand in the aisle. He had two bags of carry-on which would each push the limits of what was allowed and I could already see the overhead above me was filled. My dream girl looked at me and smiled as I was forced to move down the aisle towards the back of the plane with him as he tried to find spaces to put his bags. Of course even when he found space the bags were too big and he was finally rescued by a flight attendant with some tags to put onto the bags so she could have them gate-checked. Moving back up the aisle towards my seat I felt like a salmon swimming upstream trying to spawn. This was why I didn't bring my own luggage and now I was doing the work for people I didn't even like.

As I got back to my row I turned and she was looking at me again and I couldn't help myself as I found myself wanting to connect with her and said, "I hate flying," She replied, "I'm with you." I sat down into my seat and fastened my seatbelt and wished she was with me.

The flight to my connection in Denver was bumpy enough that they wouldn't do any drink or snack service and asked us to please remain in our seats unless conditions change and we would be informed. The flight was a little rocky and bumpy but nothing dramatic happened before we started our descent to the Denver airport. The window nearest me was open and I could see how ominous the dark skies outside the airplane looked but thought my happy thoughts as we moved closer and closer to touching down until the wheels of our plan skidded and we slowed dramatically on the landing strip. Finally on the ground I could unclench my fists and relax as we made our way towards the gates and after a rush of people to stand crowded in the aisles they opened the doors and began to let us out.

I wasn't in the front of the plane, but wasn't in the back either. I waited patiently letting the couple beside me exit ahead of me in hopes I would miraculously end up beside the mystery girl I'd found myself attracted to. We were alerted upon exiting the plane that we should go to customer service and I wasn't sure why. I paused at the schedule board where they posted the departures and every flight was listed as "Delayed." I wasn't sure what this meant, but I didn't think it could mean anything good, so as my dream girl walked past me I got my cell phone and went into the internet and found a hotel reservation site and quickly made myself a reservation for a single, which I knew I could cancel if needed.

Like sheep being led to be sheared we headed towards customer service and when I arrived, the lines were eight wide and lengthy with people hanging onto their luggage and grumbling as they exited. I got into the line behind the girl in the olive green top, and at this point was beginning to feel like a stalker as I watched her from behind. One by one each group of traveler was giving the grim news until I arrived at the counter and was given the same prepared message that flights were being grounded due to thunderstorms and tornado type weather in the area. Reservations were being made for flight the following day and I was asked which times I would like to fly. I was also informed because of the possible weather dangers the planes would not have the luggage removed until the weather improved so our bags would be unavailable indefinitely or transferred directly to our new flights. I was assigned a seat on a two o'clock flight for the following day and her sincere apology for my inconvenience.

I looked around after making my way away from the counter in hopes of seeing her again, but she was gone so I started to walk inside the terminal towards the airport exit. That's when I saw her sitting in a chair texting on her phone and I dared myself to go sit beside her.

"I hate it when this happens? She said softly as her thumbs continued to peck out words until she pressed send and her message was off.

"Do you fly often?" I asked.

"For business yes, but this was a personal trip," She said as her phone received a text and she opened it on her screen, and I could read it from where I sat as it said, "Make the best of it but it's best to fly safe." She pushed the phone back into her jeans pocket.

"So what about you?" She said, as she turned her attention to me.

"I fly randomly," I said, "By the way my name is Natalie".

"Misty... and I am not a stripper," she said.

"Misty is a beautiful name," I said.

"Misty is a weather condition, not intended to be a name," She said with a smile.

"At last people don't call you Nat," I said.

"Like a little bug gnat?" Misty asked.

"You got it," I replied.

"Isn't there some Olympic person named Misty?" I asked.

"The beach volleyball player," She said, "but I'm not her."

"Oh yeah, gold medal winners," I said as I remembered her.

"No relation," Misty teased.

"Did they reschedule you for tomorrow? I assume this isn't your final stop or you would be gone" I asked.

"Unfortunately," Misty replied.

"Did you get a hotel room?" I asked.

"They won't compensate and my understanding is the hotels are all filled because of this and a big football game the Broncos have for Monday night football tomorrow night," Misty said.

"I made a reservation as soon as we got off the airplane and saw all the delayed notifications," I explained.

"Do you think it's good?" Misty asked.

"I got an e-mail confirmation," I explained and found it on my phone to show her. I saw the phone number of the hotel highlighted and went ahead and pushed it to dial the number and put the phone to my ear. When they picked up I said, "I'm wondering if you have any rooms available for tonight?" I was told they were filled due to flight delays. "I'm sorry, I should have said I have a reservation," and gave her my online reservation number. After a pause of being placed on hold she came back onto the line, "We do have your room being held for you... would you like to give me a credit card to bill it and secure it for you?"

"Yes I would, I said as I fumbled inside my purse and found my credit card and read off my number and expiration date to her.

"You were one of the quick and smart," she said and then assured me the room would be ready when I arrived.

"What happened?" Misty asked.

"I guess I was lucky enough to get a room, but now they're filled," I explained.

"And these seats here area so comfortable," Misty teased.

"I don't know you, but I don't mind sharing my room with you... I assume there will be two beds," I said.

"That's sweet of you, but I couldn't impose," Misty replied.

"I sure as hell would impose on you if you offered," I teased, and enjoyed the smile it produced.

"If I had my luggage and my clothes I might consider it," Misty replied.

"Oh Please! You're going to let that stop you from being able to stretch out in a bed for the night?" I asked.

"I don't know... I'm a pretty cautious person," Misty said.

"And I'm a serial killer?" I teased. "Here," I said as I opened my wallet and handed her my driver's license and a credit card and my phone with the e-mail confirmation on the screen. "Call a friend and tell them where you are and who you're with. I watched as she pulled her phone from her pocket and started to text.

"I don't know if I should be doing this but the hotels are full and another girl has offered to share her room with me... Her name is Natalie Barclay," she said and read off my driver's license, "I'm wondering what you think?" And then she clicked on the send button, and message vaporized from the screen as it was sent.

"I hope you're not offended, it's nothing personal," Misty said as she obviously awaited a reply.

We sat in silence and then her phone message alert sounded and she opened the screen. "You're there and I'm not. I trust your judgement and have her information. Keep me informed. Love you sweetie."

"Is that your husband?" I asked.

"My fiancé... we're getting married in a month... the weekend before Christmas," She said. "Do you mind if I come to the hotel with you and make my decision when we get there?" Misty asked.

"As long as you let me buy you dinner either way?" I replied.

"I'm definitely buying dinner, but it will be nicer than hanging out here. I'm warning you I'm planning got hang out with you for a while, but return to the airport at some point," She said.

"I'll have to enjoy your company while I have it," I said, and together we stood and headed outside to find a shuttle bus, but when it didn't appear many or any were available we selected a cab and asked to be taken to the hotel and along the way got some suggestions on good places in the area of the hotel to choose for dinner.

I checked in at the reservation counter and was given my room key and Misty met me at the elevator to go to the seventh floor where my room was located. Since I made the reservation online at a discount reservation site it didn't surprise me that the room was sandwiched between the Elevator and Ice machine. Entering the room it was smaller than I expected other rooms would be and only had one double bed instead of the typical two double bed hotel room I would have expected.

"This looks cozy," Misty teased.

"More cozy that the airport seat," I replied as I checked inside the bathroom and it was clean and nice and the room was also very clean and nice, but it looked like they might have annexed a portion of the room to be used for the ice machine storage area.

"Maybe we should do dinner now?" Misty said.

"What sounded good to you?" I asked.

"I like most anything except sushi," Misty replied.

"You pay you choose... if I choose I pay," I declared.

"That seafood place we passed looked nice and it was obviously open," Misty said.

"I love fish," I replied.

"As long as it's fried, broiled, or grilled," Misty said. Together we left the room turned left and instantly arrived at the elevator. We took the elevator down to the lobby floor and the restaurant was easily within walking distance, but because it was raining hard we asked if they could order us a cab. They offered us a courtesy ride with their driver and told us to watch at the door for him to pull up in front with his black limo with their logo on the door. It arrived quickly and when the driver saw us dashing towards him he opened the rear door and we threw ourselves inside landing onto Misty's lap as she stopped in the first seat when I thought she would have moved over.

"Hello there," Misty said teasing me.

"I guess this seat is taken?" I teased, and move to the seat across from her which faced backwards, towards her.

"Just think about all the wonderful fun you're missing out on at the airport," I teased.

"I'm so dreading having to go back," Misty said.

"You make it sound like you've determined already that your choice is made?" I said.

"I was reluctant before, but I'm not going to crowd you in your own bed," Misty explained.

"I'm a foster home kid... I'm not really used to sleeping alone in a bed," I replied.

"That must have been tough... I'm an only child so I always had my own room, my own bed," She said.

"And now you'll have your own chair at the airport," I teased.

"You keep reminding me of that and it keeps me making my decision final," Misty said as we arrived at the restaurant after taking a roundabout way to get there instead of making a U-turn which would have been quick.

We tipped our driver and he gave us a card with a number to call to see if he could return to pick us up when we were done. We dashed into the restaurant and were reasonably dry as they seated us at a nice quiet booth. After a review of the menu we both ordered different daily specials and Misty asked, "What was it like growing up in a foster home?"

"Several different homes actually," I replied. "Some I liked and others I wish I could forget," I answered.

"I really can't imagine," Misty said.

"And that's a good thing," I replied.

"It's probably something you don't like to talk about?" Misty said, as if she were asking me if she ask me more about it.

"I don't mind talking about it... It's a part of me that made me who I am," I replied.

"It seems like you turned out well?" Misty said.

"For a serial killer," I teased.

"Did you really have to share a bed with someone?" Misty asked.

"You say it like it's a punishment?" I replied.

"I guess I can get pretty tunnel vision about things," Misty replied.

The waiter came and brought our salads, which we both picked at as we continued our conversation. "Haven't you ever done a sleep-over with someone?" I asked.

"Only with a boyfriend," She replied.

"I guess I can't tell you it would be like a sleepover or could be if you liked the person's company," I explained.

"Like where you stay up most of the night and talk?" Misty asked.

"Things like that," I replied.

"So you want to invite me to share your bed for a sleepover?" Misty asked.

"I think you would be more comfortable sharing my bed than sitting in the airport... other than that it doesn't really make a difference to me," I said, as I realized I may have been trying too hard to get her to stay. Our fish dishes came and we pushed our salads to the side and enjoyed our meals with minimal conversation shared. After dinner we ordered dessert which we both agreed we shouldn't and enjoyed it down to the last little crumb on my plate and enjoyed the extra refill of coffee before we started to talk again.

"Are you prolonging our dinner so you don't have to return to the airport so quickly?" I asked.

"I'm going to shock you and tell you I'm leaning towards staying with you," Misty said.

"Good," I said, and didn't want to say anything more that might sway her decision the other way.

"So tell me about your fiancé?" I said. She pulled her phone out quickly and opened a photo onto the screen and handed it to me to look at.

"His name is Derek," She said. We met in college," Misty said.

"You must have your hands full planning the wedding," I replied as I thought he was a good looking guy, but didn't feel like commenting on him and returned her phone to her.
