 After Nana left me in the bathroom, I got dressed and left to go back to my house. I sat on the sofa, thinking to myself that I should just stay home, call Joe and tell him I'm not feeling well. But deep down, I knew that I wouldn't. Some part of me had been awakened. I had done whatever Nana had told me to do. And I had liked it. She had called me her pet, her slut, a cow and I hadn't argued any of those names. I had accepted them. I had embraced what she had done to me and to my own horror, I found that I craved it. 

I was standing in my bedroom, looking through my dresser with no memory of having got up off the sofa and walked in there. I pulled out a pink teddy and a matching pink thong. I went to the closet next and got some white heels and I put all of them in my overnight bag. 

I stood in front of my dresser mirror...just looking at myself. I saw myself first as a strong, tall woman. And then upon closer inspection, I saw myself as a slut for Nana. I was back in my car and pulling up in her driveway and again, I have no recollection of the drive there. Just walking up to the door as the sun was going down had my heart racing. I walked right in, not thinking of knocking or anything and Nana was there on the sofa in her living room. Joe was in the kitchen, making himself a sandwich to take to work. I saw a slight smile form on Nana's lips before she spoke quietly to me, where only I could hear.

"How rude...no knock or anything. We'll discuss that later" is all she said to me. 

I swallowed a bit and heard my own voice in a whisper "yes Nana, I'm sorry Nana". I walked into the kitchen and made small talk with Joe and then walked him outside to his car, reassuring him that I'd stay the night and I'd see him again in the morning. He told me how wonderful I was, volunteering to stay with his Nana. My face turned a little red at his praise, knowing that I was her plaything and wondering what the night would bring. 

Joe's car had no sooner left the driveway and disappeared from view down the street when I walked back into the house. Nana was still sitting on the sofa, wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans. She looked up at me as I walked in. 

"Why don't you go change in my room into the outfit you brought with you" she suggested to me. I nodded my head and picked up my bag and went into the room. Five minutes later, I was standing there in her room, turning a bit each way as I looked at my reflection in my pink teddy, heels and thong. The teddy was a barely there affair. I couldn't believe how easily I obeyed this woman and wondered again what it was about her that had such a hold over me. I heard her clear her throat quite loudly. 

"I'm waiting pet...do be a good slut and hurry up or I'll come help you with whatever it is you're putting on" she said to me. 

"Yes Nana, I'm..I'm on my way" I said loudly. I opened her bedroom door and walked out into the living room. She looked me up and down slowly and started to smile. 

"My my my...what a delicious outfit you picked out for me. And I must say, you fill it out quite well. Turn around slowly for your Nana. Let me see that fat ass."

I turned slowly in a circle for her, a part of me cringing inside and yet another part of me swelling with pride that she found me so attractive and appealing. 

I turned back to face her and she motioned with one finger for me to come closer until I stood there, well within reach, directly in front of her and facing her. I looked down at her on the sofa as she leaned forward and I shuddered a bit as her cold hands touched the outsides of my legs, just above my knees. She ran her hands slowly up over my hips and under the teddy. Then she slid them onto my tummy and then back to my sides. She reached behind me and caressed my bare ass cheeks. My breathing was rapid again, my breasts heaving as she started caressing my ass. She looked up and smiled at me then leaned forward and planted a soft yet firm kiss on the front of my thong. She smirked at the gasp that escaped my lips. 

Nana then spoke softly to me as she patted her lap "sit pet". I straddled her lap and sat down on it, facing her still, her face even with my breasts. She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me to her, her face between my breasts. She squeezed a bit tighter and then loosened her grip suddenly. I felt a hard slap to my left ass cheek as I sat there. I jumped at the sound and the sting of that slap. 

I barely had time to yelp out "Ow!" when she slapped it two, then three times. My breasts heaving she leaned back and glared up at me. 

"My pets ALWAYS knock before they walk into my house. It's quite rude not to, don't you think?" she asked me.

"Yes Nana, I'm sorry Nana. It won't ever happen again Nana" I told her. 

Nana smiled up at me and patted the sofa next to her and told me to sit. I did as I was told, not even hesitating. She stood up and told me that she'd be right back and for me to stay right there. Nana got up and walked into her bedroom, closing the door. 

A few minutes later, her door swung open and she walked back out. Nana was naked with a harness on and a large black strap-on dildo bouncing as she walked. She smirked at the look of shock on my face and at my gasp that escaped me. She walked over and stood there in front of me. 

"Time for you and I to really have some fun slut. On. Your. Knees. " she told me. And I obeyed her. She gently slapped my face with the tip of it as she grabbed a handful of my hair. A sharp tug elicited another gasp from me and she slid the tip into my mouth. "Suck it for me my beautiful slut". 

My eyes were looking up at her, my hands resting lightly on the front of her thighs as I sucked her strap. She closed her eyes and moaned softly as if she could feel my mouth on her body. 

"That's it. Oh yes. Such a willing slut. My big, beautiful, fat slut" she called me. And I loved it. 

I sucked her black strap like a lollipop, my head bobbing back and forth on it. All I could think of was doing whatever Nana told me and doing it well. All I wanted from that moment on was to please her, to make her happy. I knew without a doubt that I was her willing slut like she had called me. 

(To be cont'd!)