 We departed from the small pub in a hurry. Both of us were eager to get to the hotel. We pulled into the hotel parking lot and parked at the rear door closest to my room. Megan got out and retrieved her bag of toys and her extra goodies from the trunk. I fumbled with the door key and finally managed to get us into the hotel. We stepped into the elevator and slowly ascended to the third floor. Megan stood close to me, and I could smell her sweet perfume. She shifted her bag to her other shoulder, and pressed the button for the third floor again. I laughed and nodded.

"This thing takes forever. I don't know if taking the stairs would have been faster or not," I said, smiling.

Megan pressed the button again, and the elevator chimed, finally arriving at the third floor. When the doors opened we both hurried out and headed to my room, down the hall. Megan was walking slightly ahead of me, and I watched her hips slowly sway side to side. She moved so gracefully... so fluid. 

Megan reached the door to the room and looked back at me. I couldn't hold back any longer. I gently touched her cheek and kissed her soft lips. I could feel her heart beat against my chest. She dropped her bag and embraced me tightly. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. Her hand wondered down my arm and past my wrist. She took the room key from me and opened the door while she still stood against me. The door opened and she broke our embrace. She looked up at me and smiled. I leaned down and picked up her bag and followed her into the room. I wondered if she had some of the same toys as I had still resting on the bed. I made sure the Do Not Disturb sign on the door was still in place and closed and locked the door. I turned back to Megan and said, "Make yourself at home." 

"I haven't eaten yet. Are you hungry?" she said, looking at me through the small kitchen. 

"I had a late lunch, but I'm starting to get a little hungry. What would you like to have for dinner?" I asked her, as I looked at the clock. It wasn't too late to order some food, so I had her look through the menu. The diner served food well into the night so I wasn't worried about rushing her. I started to feel relaxed, I knew she would be staying the rest of the night. 

Megan ordered some fresh fruits in addition to our main course. I made sure to order a nice bottle of champagne and charged everything to the room. As we waited for the food to be delivered, Megan picked up her bag and started to rummage through it. 

As she was going through her bag, I headed into the bedroom and grabbed my bag of toys. I had a feeling it was going to turn into a show and tell type of evening. I was quite curious about what she had in her bag. I wanted to find out how much we really had in common. As I re-entered the room, Megan looked up. She grinned, she realized what I had in my hands. "Looks like we both enjoy our toys," she said.

I put my bag on the small sofa and started to clean everything off of the desk. Megan stood up and helped. I placed the lamp on the tv, so we had more room. Once the desk was cleared off we both grabbed our bags and started placing some toys on it. We did have a bit in common. Some of the colors were even the same. We each had a number of different types of toys, for different purposes. Megan also had two outfits in her bag.

We were still looking at each other's toys when we heard a knock on the door. We looked at each other for a moment and then at all the toys spread out on the desk. I shrugged and walked towards the door. At this point I didn't care who else saw anything. I was too excited to care. 

I opened the door and moved to allow the room service cart to enter. The woman asked where I wanted her to set up the food and drinks. I told her to set everything up in the small kitchen. She went ahead and did that as I watched Megan in the other room. She was making motions with a toy. She was waving it in the air and motioning to the woman. I laughed. The woman turned to look at me and I motioned to the other room where Megan was. The woman finished putting everything on the table and headed for the door. 

As she walked through the kitchen doorway she looked back at Megan. Megan was caught twirling a large blue dildo into the air. She caught it and tried to hide it behind her back. I started laughing again. Megan looked adorable. She smiled sheepishly and turned quickly and placed it on the desk. The woman looked at me and smiled. She held out the room service slip for me to sign and went on her way. The door was closed and locked once again. 

Once the door closed I laughed at Megan again. She walked over to the kitchen, and peeked into the room. She saw the fresh fruit, and food, and she licked her lips. 

I gently placed my hands on Megan's shoulders and turned her around. I pulled her closer to me and kissed her lips. She took my hands into her own and placed them on her breasts. I could feel her nipples coming alive in my hands. 

She stepped back and pulled off her shirt. Her nipples were hard nubs just waiting to be played with. I kissed her nipple and cupped her breast in my hand. I heard a small moan escape her lips and nibbled a bit harder. She moaned and caressed the back of my neck. I flicked one nipple with my tongue and pinched the other. She inhaled sharply and pulled me closer. "Forget the food," Megan whispered.

She ran her fingers down my sides and pulled my shirt up. I knew she wanted me to remove my shirt but I couldn't stop flicking her nipple with the tip of my tongue. I could hear her breathing being cut short by gasps. She was enjoying it so much, I could see her chest becoming pink with the rush of blood. She tilted her head back and let go of my shirt, knowing I wasn't going to stop quite yet. She took my hand and brought it to her side. She placed it on her hip and tugged at her skirt. She moved it down an inch and motioned for me to do the rest. 

Megan stepped back slowly, pulling me with her, to lean against the wall. I still licked and nibbled on her nipple, while slowly pulling at her skirt. I pulled one side down, so it was close to revealing the small soft patch of trimmed hair, but not enough. I did the same with the other side. Megan moved her hips ever so slightly when I brushed my fingertips across her stomach.

Megan's back was arched, her head was thrown back. I slid my fingers under the top of her skirt and over her smooth skin. I felt her soft hair and slid my hand in further below her skirt. I felt her hips move again and I moved my fingers over her mons. I cupped her hot flesh in my hand, running my hand over her entire sex. I brought my hand forward and spread my fingers apart, rubbing them between her lips and mons. Megan let out a moan that sent shivers down my spine. I had to taste her again. I could feel my own panties getting wet with desire. 

I flicked at her nipple once more, and dropped to my knees in front of her. She looked down at me and again tilted her head backwards. She was breathing faster, waiting for me to tease her. I pulled her skirt down and let it drop to her ankles. I could smell her. She smelled so delightful. I slipped my tongue between her lips. 

Megan twitched and moaned, running her hands through my hair. She gently drew me closer to her, driving my tongue deeper into her. She gasped as I ran my tongue across her clit. I flicked at it as I did with her nipple, unyielding. 

Megan tensed her muscles and again moved her hips, pushing her sex deeper into my mouth. I pushed my tongue deeper into her, tasting her sweet nectar. I lapped it up greedily, enjoying every last drop. Her skin was very slick with her juices. I pulled back slightly and watched a droplet roll over her lips and travel slowly down the side of her leg. I licked it up and looked up at Megan. Her face was flushed and she was biting her lip. 

I stood up and took her hand. I helped her step out of her skirt, noticing that her legs were wobbly. I led her to the couch and had her sit on the edge and lean back. She sat up quickly and grabbed my shirt before I could kneel down in front of her. "Take them off," she said. I smiled at her and took off my shirt and bra.

I dropped to my knees again and brushed my breasts against the insides of her thighs. She reached forward and pinched my nipple between her fingers. I moaned, and pushed her backwards, against the back of the couch. She didn't resist much.

I pushed her legs farther apart. Then I had an idea. I sat back and patted her knee. I stood up and looked down at Megan. "Stay right there," I said. I walked over to the desk and picked up the large blue dildo she had been playing with when the room service arrived.

I carried the dildo and a small bottle of lubricant over to the couch. I told Megan again to stay still and went to the bathroom to get a towel. When I returned from the bathroom I saw Megan staring at the dildo, but she had not moved, as she was told. 

I dropped to my knees again. I folded the towel and gently tucked it under Megan's bottom. Her skin was so smooth... so warm. I leaned forward and flicked at Megan's clit with my tongue. I also noticed I didn't need to use the lubricant. I leaned back and slowly licked the side of the dildo. I gazed into Megan's eyes as I brought it into my mouth, as if it was living skin. I saw her slightly roll her hips as only a woman can. She enjoyed watching me. 

Megan started rubbing her mons and lips as I licked and suckled on the toy. I quickly removed it from my mouth and began to rub it against her slit. She was so wet and her lips parted for it. I moved the toy forward and back against her skin as her hips moved, as if trying to pull it into her sex. Her body froze as I slid the toy into her. She closed her eyes and I watched her grip the edge of the couch. I pushed the dildo into her, watching her body tense and relax, trying to find her limit of pleasure. I brought it back out of her and licked her juices from it, she tasted so exquisite. I again pushed it back into her, sliding it back and forth. Megan was moaning out loud and her hips pushed against the toy deep inside of her. She was becoming more wet with each thrust. Her hips pushed forward harder, driving the toy deeper, until it could go no further. She moaned and inhaled sharply. "Oh yes... please fuck me harder... please," she said between moans. 

Megan moved her body over on the couch so I could please her easier. I was now seating between her legs. She had one hanging over the back of the couch, the other hanging off the side. I reached forward and took hold of her shirt. I pulled it off and pointed to her bra. She removed it without saying a word. I smirked and did as she asked. I slammed the dildo into her harder and faster. She moaned and pumped her hips into the air. Her nails dug farther into the couch and her body tensed and bucked. I was fucking her and rubbing her clit. She was so wet. She was pinching her erect nipples between her fingertips and she licked her lips. Her face was red and she was short of breath. I moved back on the couch and leaned forward, I had to taste her again. I flicked my tongue against her as I slammed the toy into her core. Her hips grinding against my mouth and tongue. I could taste her, smell her, and knew I had to keep her. "Mmmm you taste so good," was all I had to say. 

Megan rose off the couch, her hips high in the air. I pulled out the toy and replaced it with my two fingers. I rubbed her core, feeling her sex squeeze my fingers tight. I was still licking, and now suckled on her clit, making her orgasm even more intense. Her body locked in the air and quivered. Her moans guttural and loud. I twisted my fingers in her, moving against the walls. She moaned again and her body dropped back to the couch. I slowly twisted my fingers again and gently rubbed the top of her sex. I heard her inhale and moan. I gently removed my fingers and licked them clean. I licked her juices off of her mons and her lips. She lay on the couch, trying to catch her breath. She tried to speak, but just a broken whisper came out. She licked her lips and cleared her throat before trying to speak again. "Thank you," she said. 

She moved over a little and pulled me down next to her. She kissed me again, deep and sensual. I was in heaven. As she kissed me, she played with my nipples. I rubbed her chest and stomach. She was so soft. I sighed, and held her close. We lay on the couch kissing and caressing each other for what seemed like hours, enjoying each other's touch. 

Megan had moved down a bit on the couch and now rested her head on my chest, listening to my heartbeat. "Time to shower," I said, and stretched. Megan licked my nipple quickly and sat up. 

"Good idea. But I think a bath first would be more fun," she said, as she stood up. She turned around, and looked down at me, waiting for me to reply.

"Mmhmmm. I have a feeling a bath would be just perfect, and quite fun, "I said and sat up. I stretched again and stood up. I walked across the room, over to the desk. Megan appeared at my side. "I think I'd like to use this on you," I said as I picked up a toy of my own. 

Megan's eyes got wider. "Really? I've never used one of those before, or had it used on me for that matter."

"I bet you'll love it, but that's why I'm asking. I didn't know if you'd be comfortable with it," I said.

"Which of these things goes with it? Considering the size of that blue dildo, I don't mind the size," she said. "I rather enjoy a tight fit."

I picked up a flesh colored dildo and handed it to Megan. "This one fits nicely, and it's a bit thicker." 

"Ooooh yeah, I love it. It's not too long, and nice and thick," Megan said, and handed it back to me.

"Just a little something for later, after the bath, perhaps," I said and pinched Megan's nipple.

"Mmm sounds good to me," Megan said and started walking towards the bathroom. "Oh wait, umm do you mind if we eat something first? After what we just did, I'm even more hungry, than I was before," she turned and walked into the kitchen.

"Sounds like a great idea. I'm pretty hungry myself," I said and joined her in the kitchen. We ate our food and nibbled on fruit, while we drank some of the champagne. It was surprisingly sweet and was quite good. We both laughed about her earlier escapade with Brain at the pub. 

"You are such a tease," Megan said as she nibbled on a grape.

"Me?!" I laughed. "Okay, maybe just a little, but overall I believe *EVERYONE* enjoyed that experience." 

Megan nodded, and swallowed her grape. She grabbed another one and popped it into her mouth. I picked at my own food as I watched her eat.

Once we were finished I stood up and stretched. We both headed towards the bathroom. It was slightly large, and we both had plenty of room to move around. I allowed my skirt to slide to the floor and stepped out of it. Megan moved forward, kneeled, and slowly took off my panties.

Megan was still kneeling on the small rug when she said, "You know... I think I'd like to try that strapon now. The thought of it and seeing you naked like this is really turning me on."

I smirked and said, "You know I wont hurt you right?"

"I know," she said. "I've just never had one used on me before. It's a new experience."

I said, "Stay there and I'll go get it." I walked out of the room and to the desk. I returned to the bathroom with everything I needed.

I slipped the dildo into place and made sure it was snug. I looked at Megan and could see she was still a little nervous but excited. 

Megan asked, "How exactly are we going to do this in here?"

I replied, " Well, we don't have to do anything in here if you don't want to. However, the counter is just about the perfect height, if your legs aren't too tired."

Megan smiled and said, "Ohh, no, my legs aren't too tired at all."

I made sure the strapon was tight enough, I didn't want it slipping too much as I was using it. I took Megan's hand and led her to the counter. I placed her hands on the counter and rubbed up against her with the strapon. I whispered, "Put your leg up hun."

Megan lifted her leg and leaned against the counter. I watched her slit spread apart slightly. She was already wet. She *WAS* at the perfect height for me to enter her. I also remembered that Megan loves a bit of pain during sex. I spanked her clit. Megan moaned. I spanked her clit again and harder. Her hips bucked slightly and she moaned louder. I made sure my fingers were held tightly together and smacked her sex over and over. She bucked her hips and groaned louder. She rested her chest against the counter and held her ass higher in the air for me to reach her easier. I took full advantage of her raised ass. I smacked her clit harder and harder, until her entire sex was pink and swollen.

I rubbed the dildo against her wet slit, slowly, teasing her. Megan moaned and got more comfortable. I smacked her ass, as I pushed the tip of the dildo into her. 

"MMMmmm" Megan moaned and pushed back against me, driving the dildo into her further. I began to fuck her. Smacking her ass. She shivered and pushed back against my thrusting, inhaling deeply and moaning loudly, making it echo in the room. I spanked her harder, then spread her ass cheeks farther apart as I fucked her.

"Ohh yeah... fuck me... harder..." She groaned. 

I fucked her harder and deeper, moans escaping my own mouth. I was loving this as she was. I brought the clit vibrator out of hiding and placed it against her. She cried out, and I turned it up faster. I held it against her clit and kept fucking her, knowing her orgasm was building up quickly.

Megan grabbed hold of the small towel next to the sink and stuffed it into her mouth to muffle her cries and moans. I fucked her harder, making sure to drive the dildo into her as far as I could. Her hips bucked and she inhaled quickly. Her muscles tightened and she groaned, "Ohh.. fuuckk," as she orgasmed. I turned off the vibrator and slowed my pace but continued to drive the dildo into her all the way, twisting to the sides slightly.

Her body relaxed, and I slowly pulled back, removing the dildo from her, causing her body to twitch. I leaned forward and pulled her hips up enough for me to lick her. She tasted to good, and I didn't want her cum to go to waste. She raised her ass again, allowing me to taste her. I drove my fingers into her, and lapped up her honey greedily. 

When she knew I was done, she turned around and kissed me deeply. She embraced me and held me tight. "That was incredible," she said.

"I'm glad you allowed me to be the first, Megan. Thank you," I said. "Mmm... time for a hot shower," I walked to the tub and turned on the water. As we waited for the water to heat up she stood behind me and hugged me. I felt content. I knew she would probably be staying for the rest of my visit, and I treasured the thought of it.

Megan did stay for the rest of my visit and also enjoyed the company of my husband when he arrived the following day. That story will follow.

©~Shadow~