 Not a lot of sex in this introductory piece, just touchy feelie, but the girls insisted that I write it as it happened. Get to know Wendy and Maggie, why don't you? By the way, they are both in their twenties so nothing illegal there either. 

*

Part One

She just wanted to get away from the negativity and noise of the city but what she discovered changes her life forever. 

Never in my entire life had I experienced such an intense darkness, No stars, no moon, not a glimmer of light anywhere other than the occasional flash of lightning off in the distance. To top it off, the power had gone off over an hour ago and I didn't have a flashlight that worked. It almost felt like I was trapped in a horror movie.

From the moment l left the comfort of dad's four wheel drive SUV, I began to have regrets. I regretted renting a cabin in such a remote location. I regretted my decision to be alone, even though that was exactly why I was there, and I certainly regretted leaving that box of necessities on my porch when I left; the box containing the flashlights, batteries and candles. 

I'd stumbled around the cabin until I found the big rocking chair but I feared I'd be spending the night there and as I dropped into its comfort, I became conscious of the eerie sounds of a mountain forest. It was a well known fact that there were bears out there, but there were also creatures that I knew nothing about. I'd been warned about the aggressive wild boars and the fact that skunks followed them to eat what they left behind, and they were very noisy when they moved through the woods..

For that reason I chose to stay right where I was. That and the fact that I'd probably break my damned neck trying to feel my way around. Besides the mosquitoes there were the size of a small plane. At least I had the bug repellent...somewhere. I was really looking forward to morning's light. 

I'm not the nervous type or at all insecure, but this was too much, and now, I had to pee and I remembered that to do so would involve a walk through the cabin, out the back door, and down a narrow 50 foot trail that was not straight and definitely not flat. 

That was not an option, no matter how insistent my bladder was getting. 

The only other option was to feel my way out the front door, about ten feet or so away, and onto the porch. I'd peed 'man style' before, but that had been ten years ago at least.. No matter, my body was sending me clear signals that delaying the process was not going to work. I needed to pee now!

Allowing for the assorted bumps and scrapes from obstacles along the way I did fairly well finding my way onto the porch. Once there, I was able to hold onto the railing as I dropped my shorts and panties and kicked them aside. Finally, I was able to let fly a stream of yellow piss. The relief it brought me was nearly as satisfying as my last orgasm some three months ago. 

With the final few drops gone, I was able to relax the muscles that had done the herculean job of holding it in all that time, and exhale. 

"Damn, that was close," I said, as I got down on my knees to find my clothes.

"This what you're looking for?" a decidedly feminine voice asked, as my shorts and panties were laid over my shoulder.

"Jesus Christ," I yelled, as I tried to get up a bit too fast and was lucky enough to grab the railing before I fell off the porch entirely.

"Who the fuck are you? And where did you come from?"

A very feminine chuckle was what I heard next. 

"I didn't mean to startle you, " she said. "Your clothes wound up on my feet and I thought you might want them back unless you like walking around naked like I do. Name's Maggie Cosworth. I live about a quarter mile on, by Miller's Bae, as they call it round here. I was just taking a stroll and heard somebody taking a whiz so I figured I'd take a look. Didn't want someone taking up residence here. The agent didn't tell me anyone would be here.""

"Shit. My heart is still pounding," I said. "They told me no one would be within five miles of here."

"Just me and the rangers, " she said, "Can we take a sit and chat some?"

"When I can breathe again," I replied. "Holy fuck, you scared the living crap out of me."

"Sorry, "she said. "If you'll take my hand, I'll lead you over to the chairs."

"You can see in this darkness" I asked as I accepted the hand that touched my arm.

"Can't rightly call it seeing," I heard. "I sort of sense things. It's called extra-sensory perception."

"I've heard of ESP," I said, "Science doesn't make much of it."

"Sure doesn't," she said. "They want to hook me up to some sort of machine to study my brain but I won't have any part of it. Damned doubting Thomas idiots is all they are. I teach the basics as part of my parapsychology course. Not everyone gets it but they sure pay attention in classes. Behind my back they call me a parawitch bitch. So what brings you to these parts?" 

"I came up here to get away from the bullshit, the abuse and bullying. I'm tired. Really tired, and I can't deal with the hubbub, noise and stink of the city. I needed some peace and quiet to refocus my mind."

When I smacked a mosquito, I heard her fumbling around for something and then I was surprised by a strange, although not totally offensive fragrance as she applied a cream of some kind to my arms and shoulders before a small container was placed in my hand. 

"My secret formula repellent," she said. "Yours is starting to wear off. Mine never will and they hate it." 

As I applied it to my face, hands and arms, I felt a mild warmth seep into my skin. 

"Nothing in there but good," she said, sensing my hesitation. "I even use it on my pussy and anus."

"That's more than I need to know," I replied.

The woman laughed, but then told me, "Trust me, honey, you do not want these monsters to bite you there. It hurts like a bitch for days. I learned that the hard way when I couldn't stand the pain to sit. For several days, I sat in an old wash tub full of cool water." 

When I passed the lotion back to her, my hand brushed over a very naked breast. 

"It just hit me," I said. "You're sitting there completely naked right now, aren't you?" 

I felt my pulse rise and my breathing change when the woman took my hand once again, only this time, it was turned, palm side toward her, as it was gently moved over soft cheeks, a smooth neck and down to pass over a generous but firm breast, long nipple and on. 

"One of the most wonderful things about this place," she stated, as our hands continued to roam,"is the isolation. Only other cabin's over at Lawson's Creek. Other than that there is nothing for miles and miles and the road, if you want to call it that, is actually a forest service fire road, so it's very poorly maintained. That's why they say it is accessible by high clearance four wheel drive only. I can move freely almost anywhere in the buff, but I always have a tiny little bikini with me, just in case." 

It became a struggle to maintain control as I tried to visualize her naked body. 

""You're visualizing me naked right now, aren't you? " she asked. 

Before I could reply, she continued. 

"You're experiencing a form of ESP when you do that. I can tell because you are aroused and it excites me to know I can cause that.

The reason the nerds don't accept it is because they think it's a gift and it's not. It has taken me years to achieve the level of acuity I have. Very few people have dedicated the kind of time it takes to train their minds to that level. I could walk all the way to Brockston with my eyes closed and never stumble or be in any danger if I absolutely had to."

"Amazing," I said. 

"Do you trust me?"

"I have no reason not to," I replied, hoping I wasn't making a mistake. 

"Let me show you something."

Her fingers moved through my hair several times and then she rolled some hair in her fingers. You have lovely brown or auburn hair," she said, "and you keep it clean with Austra essence of apple shampoo." She continued over my forehead and then down to my lips, which she tenderly moved over and then separating them and I caught myself licking and sucking on her finger. 

"No lipstick," she said, "I like that, and the shape of your mouth tells me you are a kind and passionate woman, but your eyes tell me you have been unhappy or very stressed recently and I have a treatment for that, I felt her lips on my eyes several times and I sighed as my mind eased. 

"Oh god, how did you do that?"

"I'll tell you later," she whispered.

Her fingers now moved on to my neck but her mouth was on my ear.

"So beautiful." she whispered.

The fingers then strayed to my sleeveless blouse. I didn't stop her when she ran them under the blouse and over my shoulders. When she actually cooed in delight, I tipped my head forward and we kept our foreheads together as she ran her fingers down my arms..

"You have lovely strong shoulders and arms that are meant to hold someone special."

"They have in the past," I replied, "but evidently they weren't quite enough." 

"Then your lover wasn't the one for you," she said.

I tensed a bit when her hand cupped my breast through my blouse and bra.

Oh god," she gushed. "Amazing. A 36C,, or perhaps the right D cup, and so firm, so desirable. A lover could go wild over them," 

I waited for her to reach for the buttons on my blouse, unsure of what my reaction would be, although the way my nipples were tingling, I doubt that I would have stopped her. As it turned out, she never offered and I felt seriously let down. 

Instead, her fingers next moved to my calves, starting at my knees and moving down and around, stopping right at my ankle. 

"Strong, slender legs," she observed. "You must walk a lot." 

"No, but I do jog every day," 

"Ah, a runner," she said. "Tell me, dear, do you ever jog or run naked?" 

I laughed then. "Nobody wants to see my floppy tits and big ass." 

"Oh, I disagree," she said. "In fact, I would pay for the privilege."

She still worked her fingers over my calf and now, my body was in full fuck me mode and she hadn't made any move on me at all. .

"You see", she said, "even though I didn't get the honor of actually seeing you, I saw you clearly in my mind. Had I continued, I would have been able to tell you so much more about the way you look, the way you live and so much more, even the way your mind works."

"That is so wild," I said, just as a brilliant flash of lightning shot across the sky. Seconds later, I felt her hand grasp my leg tightly when the resulting thunderclap shook the very porch we were sitting on. 

"I think we'd better move inside, Maggie," I decided, "and don't even think about leaving here. I don't believe barbecued Maggie would be a good thing." 

"Then allow me to lead you in," she said.

With our hands together, I followed her in as far as the couch, where we sat, watching the storm intensify as it moved over us. Bout every two or three minutes, there would be a flash of lightning. Giving me quick glimpses of a nicely tanned naked body.

Then the rain started and I learned for the first time that the cabin had a metal roof. It sounded as if we were being bombarded by a million golf balls. In fact, It was so loud that I didn't hear her ask if I was okay until she got my attention by tapping my bare shoulder.

At that very moment, the cabin was lit up by the brightest flash so far, followed immediately by a thunder clap so loud, we dived for the floor where we rolled into each other to tangle arms and legs together in fear.

Seconds later, there was a loud crack from the south side of the cabin, followed by a frightening scraping noise and a loud thud that shook the whole cabin as a big tree barely missed crushing the living room wall. A second loud thud followed a minute later as another tree fell nearby. 

"I don't need ESP to know that was awfully close," she said. "The old, rotting firs will come down in just about every storm. Old man Emory calls me after every storm to see if the cabin got hit."

. Aren't you glad I made you stay?" I asked.

"Are you? "

I flushed and admitted that I was. "I'm not usually frightened by storms but not being able to see makes it worse."

A sudden flash of lightning forced my body into hers and the thunderclap was only a second or two later. 

'''Damn it," I yelled. "Go away already." 

"Was that directed at me or the storm?" she asked. 

"Stay right there until this nightmare ends, Maggie."

"I'm not going anywhere. I might just spend the night with you."

The possible implications of her words weren't lost on me.

"I still don't know your name," she reminded me. 

"Wendy," I replied. "Wendy Severenson.

"Oh, you're of Swedish descent."

"Dad is," I said. "Mom is Italian American."

"Tell me. Wendy Severenson, does my nudity bother you?" she asked. 

"How do you define your use of that word?" I asked

"Bother as in worrying you, or perhaps in a sexual context." 

"Neither," I replied, lying through my teeth." 

"I see," she said. "Wendy, love, have you ever been with a woman?"

"No," I quickly replied. "Are you trying to tell me you're a lesbian?"

"Would that make you uncomfortable?" 

"Maybe," I replied. "I hadn't given it any thought and right now, my mind is too unsettled to even think straight."

"It might help if you were naked too," she suggested. 

I laughed and allowed myself to relax some. "I'm not surprised to hear you say that, but then you're not exactly an unbiased bystander, are you?" 

"Guilty of being lonely and horny," she said. 

"You forgot the lesbian part," I pointed out. 

"Not guilty, your honor," she quickly fired back. "I don't play favorites."

The whole time she was talking, her fingers were moving over my legs and under the legs of my shorts and I could tell by the cool air blowing over them that they had been pushed up to the cheeks of my ass.

I reached down to verify that only to find her fingers very close to my intimate parts.

"You aren't even subtle, are you?" I asked. 

"I'm sorry, my dear, I really wasn't trying to seduce you, although to be honest, that's what you want, isn't it?"

"Why would you say that?"

"I'm surprised you had to ask me," she said. "Your state of arousal is quite evident." 

My essence was such that I didn't bother to deny it.

"Don't worry, honey, I'm not a predator."

The storm, which up to that minute, had become quite mild suddenly reverted to its angry state and the next bolt of lightning was so close that we could smell sulphur and the thunder was so immediate and loud that things fell off the walls, my ears hurt and my head ached.

I didn't even attempt to hide the tears then. I'd never been so frightened but then she took me in her arms and kissed my forehead. 

"It's okay to cry, honey," she said. "It's how we let go of the fear,"

"It's not working," I sobbed.

The next thing I knew, my face was on her breast and she was kissing my hair as she continued whispering reassuring words to me. When I felt her nipple on my cheek, I had this insane craving to take it into my mouth.

"Please do," she said, in a voice so low and husky that it telegraphed her need. "it won't make you a lesbian."

"How did you...?"

"Your voice was so low when you whimpered, but I felt the vibration on my breast."

"You and your damned super powers," I muttered. 

"Please,baby." she repeated. 

My resistance was so weak that I yielded to her plea and took her nipple into my lips to suck on it and to the loud music of a mountain thunderstorm, I suckled another woman's breast and I didn't want to stop.

"Oh my god, baby." she cooed, holding my face fast to her breast. 

"Oh Wendy love, you're going to make me come." 

As I sucked hungrily at her, I ran my hand over her chest to find her other breast and located the nipple to roll it, pinch it and tug at it. 

When she pressed my hand lower, I let my fingers do the walking to the music of her whimpering sighs.

"God, it's been so long, Wendy," she whispered in my ear as she licked and kissed my neck and throat. 

A deep growl came from her when I pushed my fingers deep into her pussy and a long, loud moan when I rubbed over her clit with my thumb. The walls of her pussy clamped down on my fingers as her hips shot skyward. I was grateful that we were in an isolated area then because that almost scream echoed from the hills and over-powered the rumbling skies.

She lay on the floor, panting and groaning until I stood and sniffed the air.

"I smell smoke Maggie."

Summoning the energy she had left, she got to her feet. 

"Stay here," she ordered. "If you see flames, don't hesitate. Start working your way down toward the lake. There's a broom next to the back door. Take it with you and use it like a blind man's cane. When you get to the water, strip off and be prepared to dive in, but don't try to swim beyond the raft. It's too weedy this time of year."

"How about you?" I asked. 

"Just do what I said. I'll try to contain the fire, at least until the rangers get here. I promise you, they've seen that smoke already."

We embraced and I kissed her hard.. "Be careful baby. I'll be waiting for you."

The time passed so slowly and I got more frightened by the minute. I had no idea how to explain what had happened between us and it didn't matter at that point. I just knew that someone very important to me was putting her life at risk to protect the forest and me. 

The thunder continued to rumble but the lightning strikes, what few there were, now could only be seen in the distance. The darkness was frightening before, but now I hated it. Where was she? Was she safe? Perhaps she was injured and couldn't get back. 

"Oh god, please be safe, Maggie."

After what seemed to be eternity, I saw a flickering light through the trees and then she was there. I wanted to run to her but there was still no light filtering through the dark clouds.

As soon as I could make out her image, I called out to her.

"Are you okay, Maggie? Oh baby, please, I need you."

And then she was in my arms and I was sobbing in relief. I felt my legs shake but before I could sit, her strong arms surrounded me. 

"It's all okay, Wendy," she assured me. "The fire is out and I'm fine."

"You're not fine. darling," I stated. "You're covered in scratches and you're bleeding" 

"They heal, eventually," she said.

"No, baby, please let me help. I'm a third year nursing student. I've got some stuff in a box. I just have to find it."

"I borrowed a flashlight from the rangers," she said, as she handed it to me. 

With a light, I easily found the right box and sat her at the table. 

"I'll try to be gentle, sweetheart, but some of these need stitches. I'll try to clean them up; and pull them together."

By the light of the flashlight, I was able to study her as I worked on her. She never so much as whimpered, even though it took some effort to clean out some of the deeper wounds. There were so many I worried that I would run out of antiseptic cream and bandages.

It was the first time I got a good look at the woman I was falling for. Her brown eyes were quite expressive and quite beautiful. Her skin was well tanned everywhere, and as she sat on a kitchen stool, she let her legs spread to reveal a clean shaven mound with just the tiniest of pink showing in her tight slit. 

I didn't need to focus on her breasts. My mouth knew its way around them quite well so all I needed to do was confirm what I already knew. 

As I worked, I finally learned what had happened out there. 

"It wasn't a large fire, just a big brush pile at that point," she related. 

"Did you put it out?"

"No, it was too much for me but I got some wet branches and used them like a broom to keep sweeping the dry stuff back into the fire. It only took them a couple of minutes once they got there." 
