 My first inclination the next morning was to scream. Nothing made sense. I was on the floor in an unfamiliar house, wrapped in an old, musty smelling blanket and strangest of all, I was spooned into a naked woman.

Then, pieces of reality began to filter into my mind. At first I thought to get up and get away from my naked companion, but then she stirred, pressing into me. A smile moved over my face and a rush of desire swept through my core. I wanted to touch her. I wanted to run my fingers over her soft skin. I wanted to run my fingers through her hair. I remembered the feel and taste of her breast and the way her nipples felt in my mouth when I sucked on them.

I was snapped out of my reverie when she grasped at my hand and kissed my fingers.

"Are you all right with what happened last night? she asked. 

"Truthfully, I think I'm still processing everything," I said." I mean, I woke up wanting you in the worst way Maggie, and I still do, but part of me is sending out warning signals, possibly because I work in such a homophobic atmosphere, especially the management there.

She rolled over to face me. "So do I, honey. That's why I come up here. I can be free to live the way I do because everyone back home believes I'm vacationing in a remote European spa. 

The pictures I show them are supplied by a photographer in Switzerland. I'm the only woman to have made it so high in the hierarchy and they would cream their shorts if they saw me crash and burn. 

No one ever needs to know that you swing both ways. Trust me, I will show you how to keep your private life private. IF that's what you really want."

"What I really want right now is to hold you and caress you and explore you." 

We wound up, after an extensive kissing spell, getting up to see what damage had been done to my little paradise.

We both drew in our breath and tried not to cry when we stepped onto the front deck. A beautiful fir tree, probably close to forty feet tall lay where it fell in the storm, taking the corner of the deck out as it fell. A second giant of a tree lay near it, their branches interwoven as if they held hands in their demise. There was light damage to the corner of the cabin and to dad's car as well, but all of that could be repaired. 

We did have power though, so I made some bacon and eggs and coffee and as we ate we took a few minutes to really know each other.

She was a professor of psychology and political science at the state university about a hundred miles away. Her hobbies were wildlife study and the paranormal. She refused my request for some of her experiences in the paranormal as she said I wouldn't be able to sleep if she did. 

She was surprised and amazed that at the age of 24 I worked full time while being a third year medical student, a great deal of which was done on line. I told her I hadn't decided yet whether I was going into surgery or not. 

"You have plenty of time to make such an important decision," she said. "You will find that the calming peace you sought when you decided to come here will clear your mind of distractions and the answer will come to you. Think of it as meditation and I can help you with that."

"Unfortunately," she observed, as she sat up and pushed away from the table, "there is nothing we can do to speed up the hot water heater and we both need a shower. I suggest we wander down to my place to do our morning ministrations and decide what you want to do. We can come back up here to finish unpacking but we need to hit the camp supply store in town for flashlights and batteries and I'll re-stock your first aid supplies too."

"I can just dress in what I had on," I said.

"You don't need to dress, honey," she said, "I'll be buck naked and no one will see us but you might want to bring something to slip into after your shower if we are going into town."

How do you describe the emotion that goes through you as you walk naked nearly two miles through a National Forest especially after she warned me that we could encounter the rangers that would be out looking for blocked roads and fire trails. Add to that the fact that the whole time we wqlked, the view ahead of me would be a sweet looking very feminine ass swaying in a tantalizing way. 

I didn't even attempt to deny that I was bi-sexual by that time, although I still struggled to understand the feelings I had for her. I wasn't in love with her even though I did indeed have some feelings that I finally decided were pure lust. I had no doubt whatsoever that at some point I was going to surrender to her and my body quivered at the thought. 

When we reached her cabin, she didn't have to persuade me to shower together. We blew through the house like a full blown tornado. She led me straight to the shower and the minute I stepped in she threw me against the wall where we kissed, mewling into each other's mouths. My head was spinning as our tongues did dance after dance and when she paused to lean back and gaze into my eyes, I knew what she was asking. 

I simply nodded and I felt her body sag into me. The kisses resumed but now they were driven by need and desire. They were hot, almost feverish in nature and one of my breasts was in her hand, being worked like a ball of dough in her fingers as her thumb worked a drum beat on my nipple that I never knew was so sensitive. 

She leaned down to take that nipple in her mouth to lick, suck and nibble and my body didn't know what to do with such an attack. I knew that I was leaking fluids down my thighs and I kept asking, more like begging for an orgasm and she hadn't touched me anywhere but my breasts and my mouth. 

I remember the very second her finger touched my vulva, so gently and then more aggressive as she slipped her finger tip through that sloppy wet slit and the way I moaned so loudly as that same finger penetrated me for the first time. 

She tried to hold me up and against the wall but when that orgasm hit, I lost the ability to stand. I slid down the wall like a snake and sat in a puddle of my juices as my body betrayed me. It was an orgasm like I'd never experienced, drawing me almost into a fetal position as my muscles twitched. It was the most glorious pain I had ever felt.

She sat next to me and held me until I got control and then we just at there kissing without saying a single word until she asked if I was all right. I was way better than all right, I was floating. My whole body felt like it was as fluid as warm pudding. 

Eventually, we did get up to shower but it took much longer than usual because we couldn't keep our hands off each other and she kept sucking on my nipples and making me come with her fingers until it got to be too much and I pushed her away. .My only moment of doubt came when she was washing my back and her finger slipped into my anus. 

"Uh, what are you doing?" I asked.

"Just relax, baby," she replied while moving it around in there. "Remember that I love it when you do it to me."

She wouldn't let me make love to her yet but she did let me clean and inspect her cuts and scrapes and when we finally got dried off and went to get a drink, I did what I could to close up the worst of them. I tried to get her to see a doctor for the two that actually needed stitches but she refused. 

"So why don't you want me to make love to you?" I asked, as we dressed.

"Not yet, honey. I want you to experience everything first so you know what to do and what I like. There's plenty of time for that later. I have so many things to show you and so many feelings. Feelings that you've never had and orgasms like you've never known."

"Better than the ones you gave me already?"

"Yes, baby, much better." she promised. 

We went into town in her shiny big black pickup truck where we stocked up with food and medical supplies, including some surgical supplies, which required me to explain what I was doing and why. I got a small bottle of antiseptic wash, some dressings and he even slipped in a package of needles and surgical thread that I'm not sure he was supposed to supply for a medical student. She might hate me when I was done but I was determined to minimize the scar tissue and the threat of infection. Our last stop was in the liquor department where we stocked up on wine and tequila. 

"I'm not used to driving up to your place," she said, and we almost didn't as some rangers had to detour us around some downed trees once we got to the upper elevations. We also had to fend off some sweaty rangers that were more than willing to demonstrate their prowess. 

With everything unloaded and put away, I insisted on sitting her down to repair those two open cuts. Oh, she bitched and whined and tried to refuse and to tell the truth, she was a terrible patient, but eventually, I got her stitched up and bandaged but she'd waited too long and that made it more painful and the scar would be larger. 

I kissed and bandaged them both and gave her a lollipop that I'd bought just for that purpose. She appreciated the humor but cursed the procedure.

With my handiwork completed, we were both of the same mind. It only took a minute for us to get naked and into my bed. Let the surrender begin.



Note from the author: The surrender continues in the next chapter. 

Thanks for reading.