 Cuddled together like new puppies, I toyed with her fingertips as the first rumble of thunder was heard off in the distance. For a while I contemplated the twists and turns my life had gone through basically in the time span of a long weekend. I'd already suffered through a mountain thunderstorm with a total power failure made more frightening by my failure to put the box of emergency supplies in the car. Then the scary moments when a very naked mountain nymph materialized to present me with the clothes I'd shed in order to take an emergency whiz. A mountain nymph who had basically seduced me and given me my first ever Sapphic orgasms.

"You really don't play fair," I finally said, as my free hand moved auburn locks away from her beautiful eyes. 

"And exactly how do you feel I'm not playing fair" she asked. 

"You're using your super powers to summon the thunder gods because you know I'm too weak to resist you in a thunder storm."

She chuckled and captured my hands to kiss them. "Sweetheart," she said, "you and I both know that I don't need a thunderstorm or anything else to have my way with you."

"You make me sound so easy," 

"Oh baby, you're never easy. I just know your "yes" buttons," she said. "Like this one right here," and in a move quicker than the lightning that was becoming more frequent, she was sucking and chewing on my right nipple and I was moaning my approval as my hand flew to the back of my head to hold her there.

"Not fair, not fair" I cried. "I wasn't ready."

"Oh, but you were," she replied, as she moved to my other breast. "In fact, if I was to stop what I was doing right now, you would be very upset, because I couldn't do this, and she reached down to cup my pussy.

'Okay, okay, I surrender," I cried.

"Then by the powers granted me by the thunder gods, I shall reward you," she said, "and because I offended you, your reward shall be increased to the limits of your own desires."

"Oh honey," I said, between the whimpering cries coming from my throat as she moved her fingers over my labia and closer and closer to my anus, "I don't know, oh my god, I don't , oh fuck me, I don't...know...you...you...oh god yes. Please baby, don't ...oh god, I need to ...oh god, baby fuck me. Please baby, fuck me." 

I felt her fingers separate my labia just before they went deep into me with a single stroke and I tried to choke back the loud cry that followed.

Twisting and turning them with each forceful stroke, she took me closer and closer to the edge and then, with a single sucking attack to my clit, she sent me flying over the cliff until l crashed into the canyon far away.

A day or two later, actually less than an hour, I managed to remember that I was still alive although my pussy still tingled. 

"Oh, your back," she said as she once again sucked on my nipple. 

"Don't you ever stop?" I asked.

"Not when I have you naked and next to me," she said.

"What are you going to do when I leave here?"

"I'm not sure. It depends on the penalty for kidnapping," she said, as she forced me onto my stomach.

"Oh wait now," I shouted in protest. 

"What?" she asked. "There's nothing back here that I haven't played with before." 

"I know but."

"I know your butt too. Sort of cute and you make those adorable squealing sounds when my finger is in there."

"That's not what I mean," I said.

"Well maybe you should explain the rules about making you come with my fingers up your ass. Maybe I just won't use my fingers there. Lift please."

She pulled me up to put pillows under my hips to raise my butt up.

"So why are you making me stick my butt up?"

"I'm not really sure, angel," she said. "It's just that you flew so high and so far when I fucked you in front that I thought I'd see how far you fly when I gave you a little boost back here."

She spread my legs as wide as possible, exposing my puckered butt hole to the world. Cool air from the gathering storm blew over it and across the lips of my pussy, also available for whatever she had in mind.

She got behind me then and rested her body on two of the pillows from the couch.

"I have a feeling that..."OH," I shouted as she spread my cheeks so far I felt a sharp burning sensation Just before her tongue moved over my anus. 

"You like that don't you?" she asked, just before she did it again. 

"You do know I haven't had a shower since we left your place," I reminded her, even as her tongue continued its travels again and again although now she licked all the way from my now relaxed hole, down and over my perineum and on, to wind up licking my pussy. She didn't reply and I didn't care.

By that time, I'd lost my ability to think, speak, or resist, as though I would. 

I could tell that my usually tight little back door was relaxing and opening to allow her tongue access as she probed into me, an action that was making me whimper and groan as she went deeper but I didn't squeal. Not until her fingers penetrated my pussy and begin fucking me with that twisting action that inevitably sent me rocketing away from reality. 

"Oh fuck,baby," I cried, "oh god, I'm so close. She started nibbling on my thighs, still fingering me and then the fingers on her other hand mimicked the fingers in my pussy but in my ass, twisting and turning and making me desperate to come but when she moved over my little rough spot, I felt my breath slow and then stop. The world went all out of focus and every muscle in my hips and legs cramped at the same time. I'd always been told that a woman doesn't scream when she comes hard but I know one that does...me. I screamed, I squealed, I yelled and I cried. Oh god it hurt so bad but I was going to die anyway so it didn't make a difference, and what a way to go. 

People lie when they say they see a bright white light when they die. I didn't see any light at all until a week later when I came back to life, more or less, covered in sweat and sticky from the gallons of cum that poured from my pussy. 

I didn't see her anywhere so I assumed she'd left to avoid persecution for sexual assault but then I heard her and forced my eyes open. She was headed toward me with a basin of water, a towel and wash cloth. 

She sat it on the nightstand and moistened the cloth and then she started bathing me with luke warm water. 

"About time you stopped faking it," she said. 

"Are you preparing the corpse for burial?"

"Oh please, that was just sexual satisfaction 101."

"Yeah, more like "Getting away with murder-graduate studies."

I've never been bathed by anyone before and I have to admit it felt good and I even found that I still had feeling in my pussy and anus. We both enjoyed that part of my bath.

 

She emptied the basin and put the towels over the railing to dry and then came in to cuddle.

"I don't want to be a lesbian," I said. "I could never survive the initiation."

"You're not a lesbian sweetheart, just bi-sexual," she said. 

"Bi-sexual," I repeated over and over as she walked toward the kitchen. "Hey Maggie, does that mean I get twice as much sex?"

"You couldn't handle it, Wendy, you couldn't handle it," she yelled out in reply.

"Practice baby. Practice," I shouted. Well, at least I made her laugh.