 For over two hours that night, we sat in each other's arms, making out and watching the flashes of lightning and listening to cabin shaking rumbles of thunder while we waited for the downpour that never happened. 

Eventually we drifted off to sleep, only to be awakened shortly after sunup Tuesday morning by our friendly crows that seemed agitated about something. Now wide awake, I started the coffee and we went to take a shower together a necessity since the water heater was only a fifteen gallon RV variety. Of course, we couldn't do that without at least one orgasm apiece.

We were well on our way to orgasm number two when the crows went bat-shit crazy, and a terrible rumbling sound filled the air. 

"Lumber trucks," she advised.

We finished rinsing off just as the water began to cool and I turned off the water just as it turned cold. Before I could even get my hand off the lever, we heard a knock on the door. 

"OH MY GOD," I yelled, as we raced for the bedroom and some clothes. 

"JUST A MINUTE," she called out even as she struggled to pull on the shorts and denim shirt I handed her.

I heard a very masculine voice coming through the door, telling her that the old man had sold them the two downed firs and it would take most of the day to cut them up and load them onto trucks. They at least promised to leave the site cleared of brush since most of that was going to the chip mill in town, whatever a chip mill was.

"I wonder if they saw anything," I said.

She laughed and replied, "Oh, sweetheart they saw everything before they even knocked. Darren and Butch are two of the horniest horn dog around."

"Let me guess," I said.

"Yep, I've done them both at one time or another. I prefer the ladies but when there are none available, I'm not too proud to enjoy a good cock or two."

"Can I tell you a secret?" I asked as I popped bagels into the toaster and we sat down our coffee.

"Of course," she replied.

"I'm dreading the thought of going home and going back to cocks again."

"Then stay with the ladies." she said, laying her hand on mine. "You may not think there are any possibilities and at first, you might want to visit other communities nearby but I'll show you how to spot the potential partner. They're out there, but if the town you're in is as homophobic as you say, they'll be secretive but not impossible."

With the pot drained and the bagels consumed, we looked out of the windows to watch then carve up the huge logs before loading them onto trucks with a monster of a lift. 

At noon, we made two full pots of coffee and served them to the lumber crew along with a cake from a mix with whipped topping for frosting. 

As I enjoyed the coffee after lunch, Darren and Maggie went off by themselves for a walk down to the lake. At least, that's what they said they were doing, while Butch and I did our talking on the porch, but as soon as they got away from the house his personality changed. He unzipped his jeans and took out his cock, a beautiful specimen of man meat about 8 or 9 inches long and quite thick. I started to reach for it when he grabbed my breast and started twisting and mangling it in his big hands. I pushed him away but that seemed to encourage him and he grabbed my crotch, pulling me out of my chair. 

"Come on babe, let's get into that bed and fuck," he said, as he literally started to drag me inside. I threw his arm off and sat down and when he came after me I hit his cock hard as I pushed him away .He continued to try to persuade,me to go to bed with him and I kept telling him to back off.

I took it for as long as I could but when he groped my breast and went after my groin again, it was just too much. 

"Look," I finally said, almost shouting, "I don't know what made you think I was trolling or desperate for cock, but I don't appreciate being fondled and groped and constantly hit on. You might be the world's greatest lover but quite frankly I don't give a damn. I didn't come up here to be fucked, I came up here for peace and quiet so you might put that back in your pants because it's not going into me. Your timing, you dismissive attitude, and your lack of respect for women in general and me in particular are all offensive and crude so saddle up cowboy. This is not your Iucky day."

He mumbled something about stupid city chicks and stomped off the porch and I heard the laughter and derisive comments the crew made about his total strikeout. 

It took several minutes but I finally got my emotions in check just before Maggie rejoined me. "What the hell happened, Wendy?" she asked. "Butch is really pissed."

"Butch is lucky he got to walk away at all," I declared. "I don't care what you do with your life, Maggie, it's none of my business, but he doesn't own or control me and he has no right to paw over me or try to shame me into taking him into my bed."

She chuckled and replied, "Oh, you just have to get used to the locals and their good old boy attitudes."

"No Magqie, I don't. I drove nearly seven hours to get away from the 'Butches' in this world. They are disrespectful, crude, insulting and ignorant. If you want to fuck his brains out, be my guest but if he or any others of his ilk lay a hand on me again, I'll castrate them with my bare hands. Now, if you will excuse me, I have to go wash the slime off."

Honey, I'm sorry, I made an assumption I had no right to make. I thought you wanted some reassurance that you actually are bisexual so I didn't try to dissuade him."

"I didn't turn him away because he was a man, Maggie, I turned him away because he was disgusting. He had a beautiful cock and probably knew how to use it but he was way too aggressive and crude. I felt like I was fighting off a rapist. Ten seconds after he left his hands were all over me and he kept trying to drag me into the house. I knew that once he got me in the house I was going to be fucked but not in a good way. I want a lover, not a rapist."

As they left, I got the finger from Butch and some foul mouthed name calling but I still had my pride and self respect.

Wednesday, we decided to move our base of operations into her house when the weather turned nasty yet again even though it meant we would have to put some clothes on whenever we left the house. The temperature and humidity combined to make life miserable but at least we could be fully naked in an air conditioned house as long as we didn't stand in front of the windows without checking because she lives within easy walking distance of civilization.

With a pitcher of margaritas we moved to the great room where the situation got a bit awkward. She had something on her mind, to be sure but I didn't want to press her although I did ask if there was anything she needed from me.

After about ten or fifteen minutes, she leaned forward in her chair. "Do you have any toys?" she asked. 

"Just a pink rabbit about six inches long," I replied. "That's like a training bra for a twelve year old," she said.

I laughed and looked down, embarrassed at my lack of experience. "You should know by now I orgasm easily so I can usually get off with just my fingers."

"Tell me, Wendy, when you get off with bugs bunny and your fingers are your orgasms strong?"

I took a long, slow pull on my drink before replying. I wasn't all that comfortable with the look in her eyes.

"Nothing like the ones you've given me but then I never knew they could be as strong as that. Where are you going with this?"

"Am I making you nervous?" she asked.

"A little, yes," I replied, "because I've experienced your skulduggery. As I recall, the last recovery time was measured in hours."

She giggled and reached for her drink, now nearly gone. I noticed as she refilled our glasses, she kept looking up at me. 

"I should really go back and start packing up for the trip home." I said.

"Plenty of time for that", she said. "Besides, the pitcher is still half full, and you don't have air." 

"I also don't have a sneaky roommate." 

It might have been my imagination or the effect of the tease, but I'd swear she tried to see how slow she could sip that margarita.

My patience and tolerance for game playing finally ran out. "Okay, it's been fun, but I have places to go and things to do."

With a ceremonial last sip, I put the glass in the sink and turned to leave but her lips got in the way and her arms pinned me against the sink. 

"I haven't really been teasing you," she said. "I just wasn't sure how you would react if brought out some of my toys and I didn't want to offend you or make you nervous.

"I don't need a toy when I have you," I said.

"I know, honey, but you won't have me after tomorrow and it will take time to identify and seduce another suitable partner. You will meet many women before you find someone that can be more than friends with benefits. There's nothing wrong with having a few little helpers for those times when the fingers can't quite get the job done.

Maggie, I won't troll for a new partner. I won't. What we've had together has been amazing and I'll never forget these two weeks, but I had a good, healthy sex life before, and if I get so frustrated that quality doesn't matter I know who to talk to. I really can't see that happening though."

"Humor me, honey," she said, almost begging.

"I have a feeling I'm going to regret this, but okay, fine."

She led me to her bedroom where I sat on the bed while she dug through an old toy box, pulling out her chosen torture devices.

"Okay, fun time," she announced. "Slide up there and get your knees high and your feet spread. Remember. You can scream, yell, or whatever because there is no one close enough to hear you other than me and that is exactly what I want to hear´"

"Yeah, I think I mentioned something about skulduggery"

"You'll thank me later" she said, as se piled toys on the bed but under a towel so I wouldn't scream and run away.

She crawled up on the bed until she was on her knees next to my shoulder.

"Hands over your head," she ordered, "and you may want to find something to hold onto when you come."

I worked my fingers under the bottom of the headboard and prepared myself to scream my guts out. I know my lover and even though she isn't into BDSM, she delights in tortuous orgasms, both giving and receiving

"So this one is something every woman and girl should have in her purse at all times," she began, It's a simple little high speed vibe they call a pocket rocket." 

I was familiar with the vibe although I'd never used one. She turned it on and held it to my arm and l involuntarily jerked away. Damn, that little mother was powerful. 

"Ready?" she asked and before I understood what she meant, she touched, yes, touched the end of that cum shaker to the end of my nipple.

"FUCK!" I yelled, but before I could even blink she did it again and again, switching from one nipple to the other. I could feel my juice literally run out of my pussy as a monster orgasm began to build in my core. 

"I'm coming," I announced, but the wicked witch had other ideas and she took it away.

"Not yet you're not. You're not ready yet."

To compound the misery, she began sucking and biting the same irritated nipples and once again stopped just as I had my toes on the edge of the cliff. 

Then she moved down between my legs.

"Oh my god, don't," I begged. "Please baby don't do this." 

"You worry too much," she said, as she sucked my clit from its hood but kept me from that orgasm and then she touched that fucking torture device to my clit and I came like a fountain. I actually squirted again and again. 

She smiled and wiped my pussy with her long tongue and some wipes.

"You're welcome," she said, "but remember, that's just the first one, and I might add, the smallest.

As I was recovering, she used the rocket on her own clit until she came hard and did it again. Then she put a pillow high under my hips and forced my knees back over my chest. She got up on the bed and straddled me, pussy to pussy to trib our sensitive clits together through two more orgasms but by that time my clit was too sensitive for any more. She lay down next to me so I let go of the bed and took her in my arms to share passionate kisses.

"You're still evil," I said.

"Shut up and rest. I'm just getting started."

To be continued after my nap.