 It was my first time taking Julie out. Expectations were high. We had been friends for a couple of years. We knew everything about each other. We talked every day. We laughed and cried together. I loved her, and she loved me. We had never seen one another in person. Now, some might find this strange, but it's the world we live in. I smoothed my shirt as I sat in her driveway composing myself. I was nervous, but I knew I couldn't show it. Not tonight.

The cool evening breeze ruffled my long blonde hair as I strode confidently up the walkway. I licked my lips in anticipation of our first real encounter. I pushed the doorbell. Tom opened the door and brought in a sharp breath, taking in my full figure. The curve of my large breasts pushed against the thin fabric of my shirt, my nipples stood erect with excitement. "Michelle..." he nodded. I knew he was wishing he could join us on our date, but I simply wasn't willing to share. Not this time anyway. I slid my hand down his arm in an unspoken thank you for lending me his wife.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Julie descending the stairway. Inside I was filled with butterflies, but I simply offered a nod, and a raised eyebrow of appreciation. I could tell she was nervous. She stared down at herself, dressed in a tight plaid corset, with a minuscule black skirt, and thigh high boots. Just as I had ordered. Her flowing brown hair was pulled into two low pigtails. She looked like a slut, and she knew it. The look on Tom's face told me he'd fuck her right in front of me... if I allowed it.

I took Julie by the elbow and led her to my rented car. Her skin felt hot despite the cool temperature. "May I please... I mean... just a jacket..." she squeaked out.

"No." I stated firmly, opening her door and waving her in.

She sat meekly in her seat, shifting and pulling at her skirt. I hopped in and began to drive. I pulled into a bar about 4 miles from her house. It was a pretty nice place. Everyone turned to stare as we walked in. Julie kept her eyes down as her cheeks betrayed her embarrassment. She was certainly the only one in the building dressed this way. A group of ladies looked scornfully upon us as we passed by their table. Two men stopped dead in their tracks and ogled Julie openly.

We had only been at our table for a few minutes when a set of free drinks arrived. A good looking man tipped his glass in our direction to take credit for this act of kindness. I raised my glass in return, to show my acceptance. Before the drinks were gone, he decided to make his way over to us. His gaze steady upon Julie, he rested his elbows on the table. "Looks like you ladies are missing something." He suggested to her in a low voice.

As directed, Julie didn't meet his gaze, nor did she utter a word to him. "What might that be...?" I purred.

He looked thoughtful for a moment. "A good man to help you out tonight." Was the answer he decided to give.

"I'll be taking care of her needs tonight... if she's good." I said, my lips curved in a sultry smile. "Run along." I commanded.

He let out a bit of a moan, but did as he was told. I could see him adjusting his clear erection as he walked away. We stayed at the table talking for another hour or so. By this time the music was pumping, and the place was bursting at the seams. I slid my chair out a bit and told Julie to come over to me. She did as she was told. "Dance for me." I told her. She looked uncomfortable, but began swaying to the music.

I placed my hands on her hips and pulled her lower, making her dip while swaying. My hands flowed with her as she moved. I turned her to face me and pulled her onto my lap. My hand glided up the silky material of her corset, to cup her breast. I gave her nipple a rough tweak and she squealed. A guy staring at us from a nearby table couldn't run to the bathroom fast enough.

I excused myself and headed up to the bar, leaving Julie behind, her back to me. I knew it was only a matter of time before the swarm of horny guys would envelop the table, hoping to entice her. She twirled one pigtail in her fingers nervously. I was right. Two guys eagerly rushed to fill my empty space. I gave them a minute to plead their case before striding over and informing them. "She's mine. Back off." Then turning my angry gaze upon her. "You've been a very naughty girl. Let's go."

I placed my hand in the small of her back and pushed her toward the door. Once in the car, I drove in silence to the hotel where I was staying. I walked Julie through the lobby and to the elevator. Inside I growled at her "You will need to be punished for your indiscretions."

Julie nodded. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to."

In the room I turned her away from me and yanked her panties off, shoving her face first, bending her over the bed. I ran my hand over the curve of her ass. "You questioned the wardrobe." I stated, raising my hand and planting a painful slap on her right ass cheek.

"I'm sorry!" She cried out.

"You accepted a drink from a man." I barked with another rough slap.

"I didn't... I mean... I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" She yelped.

"You spoke to two men! You're a SLUT! WHORE! Aren't you?!" Three more spankings left her with a raised, throbbing, red handprint.

"YES! YES! I'm sorry! I'm a slut! Please! No more!" Julie screamed.

"I'm going to take you home. You don't deserve to cum tonight." I told her.

"Please...Please... I'm sorry. Please let me cum." She begged.

I allowed her to sit up on the bed. God, she was sexy. I felt the wetness between my thighs. I reached out and popped the top 4 latches on her corset. I yanked it down to expose her swaying breasts. Her nipples begged to be touched and I leaned down to pull one into my mouth. I bit down just enough to make her flinch, then sucked hard, swirling my tongue around the straining nub.

Her breath was getting heavy as I boldly slid two fingers into her already soaked pussy. She let out a heavy sigh and raised her hips to grind against my hand. I pulled my hand away and offered smack to her thigh. She was getting too excited. Julie obediently laid still. I worked my way up to her collar bone. I bit down hard, then sucked until my marks were covering her neck. Proving my ownership.

I decided to bring my oral efforts lower, and began raining kisses all over her inner thighs. Her fingers clutched at my hair, willing me to find her hot, waiting sex. I allowed her to direct me for a few, and my tongue found her engorged clit, lapping at it freely. I could sense her excitement rising as she moaned. When I knew she was ready to orgasm, I stopped.

"No! No!" She moaned in disappointment.

"You don't deserve to cum. Remember?" I said with a smile.

"Please Michelle? Please let me cum! I'll do better next time! I promise!" She pleaded desperately.

I slowly pushed her back on the bed again. My fingernails dug into her already pained ass cheeks as I lifted her pussy to my lips. I sucked furiously on her engorged clit while sliding a finger into her. She cried out in pleasure, begging for more. Her thighs tensed, and I knew she was close.

"Oh God!" Julie screamed. "Please don't stop! Please don't stop!!"

I looked into her wild eyes as she came. The sweet flood of her nectar ran on to my lips. The power of her orgasm left her breathless. The sweat glistened on her skin. I licked until she couldn't take it anymore and pulled away. I kissed her roughly, giving her a good taste of herself, then told her to get herself together.

We drove back to her house in silence. I the driveway she turned to me and said "You didn't... I mean.. I didn't..."

"Next time." I replied.

She leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. "Yes. Next time."