 Recently, I've been having some intense sex dreams. I decided to write one down in hopes that I am not the only one who can enjoy it. 

She comes to me at night like falling rain. Her perfect pink lips feel cool on my soft skin. She lurks in the shadows, and I see her move every so often. She shifts as though she is invisible, but I feel her watching me. I feel her eyes press into my body. I try to cover myself with the covers, blushing softly. It has been so long since anyone had ever looked at me like that. 

So, I silently wait. Large waves of energy rush up and down me. I want her, I want her to touch me. God, I want it so badly. It had been so long since I'd been in heat, since I'd felt so passionate about anything but my studies. With my nose pressed to a book, I tended to forget the joys. The joys of another woman's companionship and touch. Yet, she was there to remind me. 

I forgot what it felt like to have sex. The sheets clinging to my thin, naked body, while a butch woman, who likely would be my girlfriend, with soft arms and a nice smile lays next to me. She would smile at how my heartbeat raced, how my face would take on a young look, how she could bring me to such great orgasm. I had forgotten the way you feel after sex, the way your body feels so sensitive to touch. The way your body craves it more, more, more. You just want it more and more. No wonder the real original sin was sex. 

She makes her way over to me, pale blue wisps of moonlight illuminate the room. I see her leg emerge. It looks like a painting with filmy brushstrokes, gorgeous shadowing. I want to lean down and kiss up that leg until I reach her molten core. The pride and joy of a woman. Yet, I know I must wait for her to come to me. Sexuality is fickle that way. 

I am taken back to my first deep kiss with a woman. The woman's short red hair woven through my fingers as I kissed her again, and again, and again. I couldn't stop, her lips were luscious. They drew me in, and I could have kissed them forever. Soft, smooth pink lips that I never wanted to break away from, not even to catch my breath. 

Out comes her arm, her soft pale, plump arm. I want to bite on it, suck on it. I want to make a home in her arms, in her body. I catch a whiff of her from across the room, she is old spice and forest. I can't stifle my moans, nor do I particularly want to. I want to slip my hands into my molten pussy and cum all over. 

"It's okayyy to want me." I hear her calling out from across the room. For so long, I had suppressed the feeling of wanting anything. I had convinced myself that it was plenty good to read, go out with friends. I had convinced myself that I was better off without another woman. Yet, here she was, and all I could think about was giving in. Giving in to her touch, giving in to the sweet feelings of orgasmic bliss that I had been craving for months. 

My mind drifts to that wonderful feeling of after-sex, how my breasts swell slightly and my cheeks are rosy. The feeling of my pussy wet and wanting. Wanting to feel her breasts against my skin, wanting to feel her soft hair. Wanting to press my lips against hers for forever, forever, forever. The feeling that only another woman is able to give me. 

She slowly makes her way over to the bed and I shiver and moan in delight. God, I've been waiting for her for so long. "Can I come in?" She beckons to the comforters. "Yes, oh my word yes. Please come in." She is older than me, late 20s. Her eyes are slightly menacing, the kind of eyes that draw me in. 

"You want my fingers in you?" She is crawling towards me on the bed like a cat ready to pounce on it's prey. "I want everything you have to give me..." I quickly inch over to her and lean my ready body on hers. 

"Take my clothes off..." 

She whispers sensually in my ear, the words burning my body. She licks my earlobe softly and I can't help but let a moan slip out. "Yes, oh my... yes yes yes." My hands are shaking in anticipation as my hands slowly make my way to her belt and the zipper of her tight jeans. I slowly unzip the blue denim to reveal skimpy boxer briefs that are dangerously close to being ripped off with my teeth. 

I look at her with glee as I run my hands up and down her body. Her breasts are covered by a filmy blue Led Zeppelin sweatshirt. I toy with her nipples, watching the soft petals grow hard. The only thing I can think about is wanting to take them in my mouth. 

I trail my hands down to her stomach, she is a little chubby but in the best kind of way. I give her stomach a soft squeeze, admiring her curves. I kiss up and down her pale, smooth body inhaling her addictive scent. She giggles and I moan. I lay my body on top of hers as I tumble into her awaiting arms. She looks so masculine with hints of feminine. I want her so badly, she can't even know to the extent. I weave her cherubic, short, golden blonde hair through my fingers. 

"Rinna..." She whispers in my ear, the letters of my name growing softer on her tongue. "Lilac, Lilac, Lilac." All I can think of is Lilacs. The way her skin smells, like soft lilacs. "God I could eat you up." I moan into her neck as I plant a soft kiss onto her awaiting pink lips. Her lips are wet and warm and inviting. 

"It's been so long..." She moans into the kiss. "God I know... I know baby." So, I kiss her more. I kiss her for what seems like years. Our lips molding together over and over, her hands drifting into my loose curls, mine into her thick blonde locks that look like rays of the sun. I open my eyes thinking that we are done, but hers are still closed. I want it and she does too. 

"Sweet girl." I whisper into our kisses as she moves on top of me. Her fingers make their way into my awaiting pussy. She parts the wet folds and starts to rub my clit. I moan softly moving into her hand. Yet she only gives me light strokes, she's teasing me. She knows I want it more than anything in the world. 

"Be patient, and I'll give you more." I stop bucking my hips and choose to let her lead. She starts off oh so slow and light, giving me soft strokes, teasing the outside of my entrance by dipping her fingers in. Just from the teasing alone, my nipples get hard and blatantly stick out in pink tank top. I feel goosebumps on my arms, I want it more than ever. 

"Please..." I trail off, feeling my wetness pool and slowly seep onto her fingers. "You want a finger?" She plants a soft kiss on my neck causing me to shiver. She fusses with my nipples which sends tingles down my body and I can't help but moan loudly. "Yes, yes of course!"

One finger slips in with ease as she easily finds my g-spot. She taps it softly and I feel tingles run up and down my spine. She pumps the finger in and out of me, but I soon find myself wanting more. I guide her free hand to my one of my breasts and she starts to knead it in her warm, squishy hand. 

"I could stay here forever..." I trail off as she gently slides another finger into me. I'm so tight, but yet it's so good. It's a snug fit, yet, I want more. I want her to stretch me out.

"Keep kissing me." I whisper in her ear and her warm lips soon find mine. She kisses and fingers me simultaneously, and I feel out of this world. She knows exactly what I need. I feel myself getting closer and closer, but right as I am about to come she edges me. 

I groan loudly, yet my groans of disappointment are replaced with groans of pleasure as I feel her warm tongue lapping in between my pink pussy. She starts with slow licks, dragging her tongue over my swollen clit. The slow licks nearly set me over the edge, and she plunges her fingers into my awaiting pussy. 

I feel myself losing control as I give into her soft, warm tongue. Everything about her is luscious, and I can't help but come. I come all over her soft beautiful lips and tongue. I am softly panting as she sits up next to me. She raises an eyebrow as I try to catch my breath and I can't help but laugh. So I do, I laugh and gently squish her arm. I cuddle into her as I feel my eyes drifting shut.

Then I wake up, my thighs wet with my essence and an excitement for what the next night will bring.