 Megan is my truth, my lie and my fantasy. She is a cherished and beloved friend. She exists in my life because she has chosen to. We share secrets with you and few others. Our lives are intertwined, and have grown to strengthen each other.

As we stood waiting for the water to become warm I said, "Let me wash you." 

Megan silently stepped into the tub and sat down. As she was getting comfortable I grabbed a cup from a small basket. I let the water fill the tub until it was just covering her thighs. I wet her hair, filling the cup and slowly pouring it down the top and back of her head. When her hair was completely wet, I squeezed the shampoo onto my hand. I gently worked the shampoo through her hair, making sure to wash it all. Once I was sure her hair was clean I began to rinse her off. Her hair now clean, I began to wash her body. Soaping my hands, I began washing her neck and shoulders in a massage-like fashion. She lay back as I moved to wash her chest. I was just trying to be gentle, not erotic, but the whole situation was exciting both of us. I could see Megan's crooked smile as she watched me. As I lifted each of her legs to wash, I remembered the feeling of my tongue between them. The submissive aspect of Megan's actions added to the flame that was growing between my own thighs. I quietly finished washing and drying her and we traded places. 

She emptied and refilled the tub with warm water and began to wash me. After she was done I sat on the edge of the tub and allowed her to dry me as I had done to her. The fluffy towel soaked up most of the water but Megan would stop occasionally and lick a few drops of water from my skin, and follow with small kisses. Once we were both dry, we headed for the bedroom. There was no rush to get dressed, knowing sooner or later we would again be in each other's arms.

"Please lie on your stomach," Megan said as we reached the bedroom. I did as she asked. Her hands caressed my back and the sides of my breasts. I soon felt a smooth hand between my thighs. 

After a moment she gently pulled at my hips. I lifted my hips and spread my legs further apart. At the same time a pillow was thrust under my hips, keeping my ass elevated. Her kisses resumed on my ass cheeks as fingers played with my cunt. Suddenly her tongue started a trip downward from the top of my ass crack towards my pussy. Her tongue swirled around my hole before reversing course and ascending back up my crack. Her tongue again reversed course, this time briefly stopping to tease my hole. This sensation was marvelous. 

Soon two fingers dove into my cunt while another finger rubbed my clit. Her tongue then began to plunge in and out of my sex. Just when I didn't think it could get any better, a hand slid under me to cup my breast, and pinch my nipple. My body tensed and I tried to stay relaxed. I wanted these feeling to last forever, but we don't always get what we want. 

My muscles twitched and my hips pushed back, rising off the pillow. I was reaching harder for her irresistible tongue, my ass high in the air. As I pushed back she leaned forward, sliding her long tongue further into my core. I could feel the tip of her tongue seeking the sides of my sex. She slowly removed her tongue and slid it up my crack again, moving next to me, as she slammed two fingers back into my pussy. She licked my ass cheek and up my back as she continued to fuck my sex with her fingers. She forced her fingers deeper into me. 

"Ohh God..." was all I could let out of my mouth, as my body fixed and my orgasm was released. Megan could feel my muscles tighten, and she moved quickly behind me again and licked at my pussy as I came, searching for my nectar. I moaned when I felt her tongue in me again. My body twitched as my climax began to ease, still feeling her long tongue in me. 

I began to slowly lower my ass, her unrelenting tongue slowing it's rapid pace. I could again feel the cool air entering my lungs. My skin was hot, and my sex felt hotter. I relaxed my body, plopping down on the pillow once more, and sighing. I felt Megan straddle my hips and I felt her body leaning towards mine. "Mmm... your warm as well," I said.

"Yes... and I love how you taste." Megan said, leaning forward. I could now feel her erect nipples rubbing across my back. 

"That was quite pleasurable, I enjoyed that more than you'll ever know." I said to her as she rested her chest against my back. I could feel her breath on the side of my neck. I was quite comfortable with her lying on me. She wrapped her arms around me and we were still for a few moments. I kissed her arms, and she slid off of me and lay next to me on the bed. I continued to kiss her arms and her fingertips. She moved quickly and kissed my lips. Our kiss was passionate, and soft. Our tongues gently touching and massaging each other's.

As we kissed I could feel Megan's hands wandering. She moved closer to me and began to rub my thighs, up my side and across my tummy. She moved even higher to my tits, and erect nipples. Before she could get the upper hand, I grabbed hold of her wrists and held them above her head. I saw her crooked smile, and knew she wouldn't protest too much.

"You will listen to me and do exactly as I say," I whispered into Megan's ear. "You will not say a word unless asked to. Do you understand?"

"Yes... I understand," Megan said as she nodded her head.

I smirked. "Good."

I remembered how much Megan enjoyed having her pussy spanked, and I figured now that she's found a new sexual toy to enjoy, I thought I'd take advantage of the situation. 

I helped her up from the bed and led her back to the bathroom. I kissed her cheek and nodded to the toilet, and the shower then closed the door. I heard the water in the shower running again after a few moments, then heard the curtain. I quietly opened the door as I saw her stepping into the tub. I heard her humming softly. I wanted to join her so bad, but knew if I waited I'd enjoy her that much more. 

As I stepped into the room, I knocked on the door, and said, "Take your time. I'll be waiting in the bedroom." I did not wait for a response, and would have been disappointed if I had heard one. I took an extra towel and set it outside of the tub, then walked out and closed the door. 

I walked to the kitchen, picked up three tall bottles of water and brought them, and a few extra towels back to the bedroom. I set the towels on the bed and the water on the night stand and waited for Megan to get finished in the bathroom. 

Megan entered the bedroom naked and still dripping with water. I quickly wrapped her up in a large towel and began to dry her off. I wrapped up her hair first, and made sure she wasn't getting too cold. I noticed her nipples were erect, but that was a mix of excitement and cool air. I dried her off as best i could and had her lie on the bed.

"Lie down on your back." I told Megan. She quickly plopped down on the bed and waited. "Raise your arms above your head, interlocking your fingers." She pressed her hands together and did as she was told, keeping her hands above her head. I was almost surprised how quick and how quiet she was doing all of this. I guess the last visit we had together stuck with her. I was quite pleased, I wanted her even more.

I said, "It's my turn to clean up and shower, please wait here. I'll be back shortly." Megan nodded silently. I stepped back slightly from the bed, taking in her full beauty. Her arms resting above her head, her gorgious eyes watching me, her mouth shaped into that crooked smile, and I watched her steady pulse in her neck. My eyes slowly traveled down her body, taking in her breasts, with her perky little nipples, her belly, slowly rising as she breathed. Then I saw her hips and lower, her nicely trimmed and soft hair, ever so short. Her legs were spread, and I could see her mons, nice and pink from earlier... and still damp. I gazed at her beautiful strong legs, remembering the stride that keeps me fasinated. I watched her stretch out her feet and relaxing them, as she knew I was looking.

I turned back to look in her eyes, and they caught me for a moment... beautiful beyond words. I sighed softly. "I'll be back soon." I said and headed into the bathroom. While in the shower I noticed that my pussy was tender to the touch and knew that I wasn't going to be able to handle much more. I slowly cleaned up in the shower and then dried off. I hung up the towels and headed into the kitchen. I placed ice in a cup and quietly headed back to Megan.

Once I reached the doorway, I took a moment to pause. I saw her lying on the bed, still in the same position, with her eyes closed. Her breathing was slow and relaxed. I wasn't sure if she was asleep or not. 

I entered the room and placed the cup on the dresser. I stood next to the bed and took a small piece of ice between my fingers. Holding it above her breasts I let the dripping water fall onto her nipples. Megan opened her eyes, and I heard her take in a quick breath. She bit her bottom lip, as I continued to drip water on her. Her nipples sprang to life and I could see the blood rushing to her breasts. I bent forward and licked at a small trail of water running down the side of her left breast. I watched her and she bit her lip slightly harder. She was trying not to move or speak, although I knew she wanted to. I melted the whole ice cube over her and did the same with another. 

By now I could see that her chest was rather cold from the amount of water dripped on her. I picked up a small hand towel from the end of the bed and wiped off the water nice and slow, slowing even more as I wiped off her nipples. 

"You can move and speak if you wish." I said as I stood back and stretched slightly. I waited for Megan to say something, but she didn't. She just lay still and smiled her crooked smile. She still hadn't noticed what I was wearing. I had held the extra towels in front of me as I walked in, and even now they still blocking her view.

"Close your eyes Megan," I said, so I could surprise her even more.

I stood next to the bed and reached down to move her legs slightly apart a bit more. She moved her legs as I directed with my finger tips. She moaned quietly as I slowly caressed her legs, and across her inner thighs. Moving lower, I slid a finger into the wetness and over her clit. This time my hand stayed between her legs. First I swirled my wet finger tip around her little bud several times, then down her slit, and began sucking on her nether lips. I slowly moved back up, starting over again with her sensitive nub.

Megan was too weak to do anything more than stay still. I moved to sit on the bed between her legs. I soon slid two fingers into her and began thrusting in and out while tonguing at her clit. She could barely keep her climax from pouring over her too quickly. Her body was trembling, and quick gasps escaped her lips. Still keeping her eyees closed.

I made sure she was wet enough for the dildo to enter her, and slowly rubbed the tip of it across her mons and over her clit. She tilted her head back slightly and moved her hips toward me.

I reached a hand up to cup her breasts and at the same time catching her nipple between my fingers. As I pulled at her nipple I heard Megan moan. I twisted her nipple slightly. This was much rougher than she could normally take, and she bucked. Her back was arched and her sex was dripping with her honey. I entered her as I pulled her nipple. She realized what it was and pushed forward, making the dildo dive deeper into her core. I fucked her hard and faster with the strap on. I couldn't help listening to the wet slap against her skin. I kept her hips raised, her legs draped over my own to keep her in a good postion. She was so wet, and I could see her honey slowly dripping down the sides of her mons. She bucked again as her climax overtook her. Moaning she allowed her muscles to tense and relax as I slowed my pace. Again, I moved to lick at her nectar. Licking it all up greedily, enjoying each drop.

She collapsed onto the bed and tried to control her breathing again. I licked her sex clean and removed the strap on. Once I was done, I lay next to her on the bed. Megan took the dildo away from me, and licked it. I kissed her deeply after she was done. The sight of her licking at the dong made my heart flutter. We embraced again and kissed. I stroked her hair as she fell asleep.

We both fell asleep lying in the bed. I lay behind her, her body against mine. We slept peacefully and almost until noon. The phone woke us, and my husband was on the other end. He was going to be arriving in a few hours. Megan and I both wanted to see him, but were also dreading it as well. We were already a bit sore, and we knew Kevin would only be *so* understanding.

©~Shadow~