 This story was inspired, and contributed to, by a very special and wonderful woman. She of the red hair and green eyes. Without her, this story would not have been born. To her go my gratitude. And my love.

Enjoy.

Closing my office door, I sat in my desk chair, reached for the phone and dialled our number. After 3 rings I hung up, waited a few seconds, then hit the re-dial button, smiling as I remembered our agreement on this signal to let you know that I was calling.  I was aware of my increased heart rate and pulse throbbing in the side of my neck, as I waited for you to pick up the handset, and suddenly you were there. My face broke out into a soft smile, knowing you were on the end of the line, smiling back at me. You hated telephones, at least using them, speaking into them to strangers. This was why we had devised the code, so that you would answer when I called with no anxiety.

"Hullo, darling. How are you? How did it go?" You had been for a long treatment at the dentist, a root canal, intricate and painful, I had been worried about you all afternoon.

Your deep, throaty voice floated back down the line to me, a little slurred, but still able to make me shiver, every time I heard it. "I am fine, a lil' loopy, a lil' randy and only uncomfortable, not really in pain."

"Mmmmm what a delightful combination, loopy and randy. And no pain. Will I be allowed a very gentle, soft kiss?"

I heard you chuckle softly, making me shiver again. "Only if you are very careful, it is still very painful to the touch."

"Then I won't. I would hate to hurt you. I'll be leaving shortly, should be home within the hour, traffic and weather permitting. I just wanted to check you were ok."

"I'm fine love, drive carefully, I'll be waiting for you." You blew a noisy kiss down the phone, and I laughed at the thought of your numb face trying to contort into a kiss.

Just over an hour later, I was home, quickly closing the door on the cold outside, "Abi...darling, I'm home." I called, as I removed my coat, and gloves, and moved into the sitting room, where I found you sitting in an armchair, watching TV. You smiled lopsidedly up at me, as I bent to carefully take your poor swollen face in my hands and softly kiss your forehead, then knelt in front of you, gathering you into my arms.

"Mmmmmm," you murmured, snuggling back against me.

My arms tightened around you, holding you against me for a few moments. It still amazed me, how much pleasure it gives me, simply to hold you, feel you against me. 

After a few moments, I released you and leant back slightly taking in what you were wearing. I could see pair of slate grey satin panties, and a huge sweatshirt. I grinned up at you, "What on earth are you wearing child, its freezing outside, and you sit in here in your underwear?" Grinning more as my hands stroked the sweater, and dropped to gently finger the panties, "Not that I mind; the less the better"

"It's an old favourite set of mine, very soft, but one of the sets I've had for a long time and so very comfy." Smiling gingerly at me, you reached for the sweatshirt and lifted it to show me the bra, with your beautiful breasts, all but tumbling out of it.

Before you had a chance to cover them, I leaned in and softly kissed over your breasts, just along the edge of the bra, loving the way you moaned softly at my touch. I moved back again, looking up at you, chuckling softly. "You are so easy, woman. One kiss and you're moaning for more." You said nothing, but smiled and wiggled your eyebrows at me suggestively. 

I laughed happily at your expression, "Oh my, when you said you were feeling a 'lil' randy', you weren't joking. I'm barely through the door, and you are teasing me. I had no idea of the added benefits of anaesthetic. Shall we go sit on the sofa, you in my arms, curled up against me, so I can stroke you, make you shiver? You deserve some pleasure after today?" 

Taking a few moments to reply, I watched your face, trying to guess your next move, and when you spoke, I exhaled slowly, delighted with your choice. 

" I think..........I would prefer...........that you take me to bed, my darling Jen."

Trying to keep the pleasure from my voice, I replied, "I guess it would be best for you at the moment." I tried to sound reluctant, but the smile on your face told me I had failed miserably.

Remaining on the floor in front of you, I placed my hands gently on your thighs, slid my hands softly over your silky skin, following the curves, around the sides, and gently dipping underneath, then back towards the edges of your panties, lightly sliding my finger tips under the edge. As I looked up, I saw the delighted, if slightly painful smile on your face, telling me you like what I'm doing. You reached out and shaped my face with your fingers, scraping your nails over my scalp, making me shiver, and my eyes to briefly close.

Beneath my hands, I felt your thighs part slightly, and at that invitation, I bent my head, my lips brushing the skin, working up from your knees. My hands continued to stroke the outside of your thighs, as I leant closer to you, my body filling the gap now appearing between your legs. I heard you moan softly, "Oh! Mmmmmmmmmm," which made me smile, happy that I was making you feel better.

I stopped for a moment, looking up at you, frowning at the sight of the sweatshirt. "Take it off please love, I would like to see you." Smiling you did as I asked, and I sighed deeply at the sight of you as I sat back on my heels, my eyes roaming over you, taking in the hair, the twinkling eyes, and pouting softly at your poor swollen jaw. I wanted to kiss you so much, but I would not, I didn't want to hurt you. This was going to be a test of my control. My eyes roamed from your face, over your elegant shoulders, down soft clinging arms which framed your wonderful inviting breasts barely encased in that teasing satin bra; then on down past your ribs, over gently swelling hips, and then to my treasure, that wonderful prize, hidden in sexy satin panties; and finally your soft teasing hands resting lightly on my shoulders, as you watched me absorb the picture before me.

All the time, my hands were gently stroking and teasing the flesh of your thighs, moving inside, and moving closer and closer to your centre. I smiled at your moan, and then your frown as the arms of the chair restricted the movement of your legs.

"Yes, love," I agreed, "there's not enough room," and smiling I stood, but before you could follow, I slid one hand between your legs, and under your bottom, making you gasp slightly as my fingers slid over your moistening and sensitive lips. My other arm slid encircled your back, and in one movement, I lifted you from the chair, my first arm moving further under you so that my forearm was pressing firmly against your lips, with your legs hanging either side, the hand pressed firmly against your backside. I could feel your dampness on my arm, and an answering dampness between my own legs.

As I held you against me, you lifted your legs, lessening the pressure between them, and gripping my arm tightly. I could feel the heat against my skin and it brought surges of pleasure to my body, making me tingle. I smiled into your face, speaking softly, "How are you feeling now, my love?"

You smiled your lopsided smile, speaking softly, "Now I am very randy, and more than a little damp."

With your head resting on my shoulder, your arms around my neck, chuckling softly, I carried you to our bedroom, and as we entered, you moved your arm to close the door. 

Resisting the urge to ravage your mouth, I crossed the room to the bed, and gently lowered you onto it. As my arm moved from between your legs, my fingers gripped the waistband of your panties, drawing them down. You lifted your hips allowing me to remove them all the way, sliding them down your legs, and off your feet. As you watched me, I brought them to my nose and inhalee deeply, closing my eyes in delight at that special aroma.

I laid them carefully on the chair behind me, and after removing my boots and socks, moved to the bed, perching myself astride your hips, leaning my hands on the bed each side of your head, looking down at your face. For a while neither of us moved, and then your hands moved up to my sweater, sliding underneath. In my position, the sweater hung away from my body, giving you room to tease me. Your hands slid over my skin, up and down my sides and ribs, which you know just drives me crazy, making your eyes sparkle in delight. Then you softly moved your hands to my breasts, and cupped them, shaped them, over and round, making me moan, my eyes closing at the pleasure of your touch. 

"You have too much on love, take them off, please," you asked. I sat up and quickly pulled the sweater over my head to reveal my favourite soft, clingy black bra which fits like a second skin. Your fingers reached up again, and gently stroked, finger and thumb teasing and squeezing the nipples which were already hardening.

While your fingers worked their magic on my breasts, severely restricting my ability to breath, you spoke softly, looking directly into my face. "Not being able to taste them is going to drive me crazy, you know that don't you?"

I managed to focus on your face, despite the effect of your fingers, and replied, smiling softly, "Driving each other crazy is half the fun. I can't kiss you, so you have to have restrictions as well. Enjoy it."

Wanting to feel your fingers against my flesh, I managed to croak "Take it off, please," and you reached round to undo the clasp of my bra, slowly, oh so slowly, sliding the straps over my shoulders and down my arms. Your eyes caught sight of a movement as something fluttered down on the bed, and as you reached for it, and see what it is, you smiled sweetly as you softly fingered the small photograph of you that I carry inside my bra. "I had forgotten about this love. You still carry me with you?" 

I remembered your reaction when you first discovered I carried your picture there. You were very touched, told me it was sweet, and that the thought made you 'misty-eyed.'

"Every time I move, I can feel it lightly against my skin, it makes me tingle, to think of your face resting against my breast, not too close to the nipple, that would be asking for trouble, just tucked in the side, against the deepest curve, and where my arm can brush up against you all day, reminding me of your presence in my life" 

I took the picture from you, briefly kissing your face on the paper, and leaning over you placed it under the pillow next to you. As I leaned, your hands took possession of my breasts again, and begin to stroke, squeeze, knead, in ways that brought every nerve ending to attention, over my shoulders and chest, down my arms, my sides, and straight down my stomach to my pussy. Shivering slightly, I laid myself against you, your hands now trapped between us, and stretched my own hands around and behind you. You lifted your shoulders slightly, pushing your hands and breasts against me, as I released the clasp of your bra, and pulled it free from your body, revealing your breasts. Moving my breasts languorously against yours, nipple caressing nipple, I smiled lecherously down at you, growling in my best gangster voice, "OK, baby, you want me to fuck you or not?"

"Oh God yes!" was your breathless reply.

Now it was my turn to touch, as my hands, needing no bidding from me, reached for those soft mounds, and gently stroked the skin, my fingers sliding around them, echoing their soft shape, finger tips trailing over the skin producing goose pimples and delicious shivers and moans from you.  Slowly, so slowly, my movements came closer and closer to your nipples, and very lightly, I stroked a fingertip over each hard nub, delighting in the way you moaned softly, lifting your chest against my hands to increase the friction.

I took each one between my finger and thumb, rolling the hardness and gently squeezing. Your hands moved up my arms and urged my head downwards. Not wanting to disappoint you, I lowered my head, and engulfed one nipple and part of the breast with the heat of my mouth, sucking to draw the nipple deeper into me where I can tease it with my tongue, flicking back and forth over it.

From the pressure of your hands on the back of my head, holding me against you, I know you are enjoying this, and I briefly lifted my head to move to the other, not wanting it to feel left out. After a few minutes of attention, you were gasping and moaning, and then I felt your hands move to my face to lift my head, your eyes meeting mine. "Please darling... Jen ..... please. "

Seeing the need and the want, which matched mine, I rolled off you, on to my back, and reached for the button and zip of my pants, wanting all my skin to be touching yours. You turned onto your side to me, your hands stopping mine. "No. Let me." It was not a question, but a statement. You undid the button, and slowly slid down the zip, then, rising on your knees, you slid your hands inside and around cupping my hips, the heat of your touch almost burning my skin. As you eased the pants off my hips you looked into my eyes, smiling at me, pulling them down and off my legs and feet, throwing them carelessly to the floor. 

Then, as I knew you would, you turned the tables, and began to caress my thighs, as I had yours. Up and down, round and between, urging my legs apart, as you slowly dragged a finger over the crotch of my now very wet, black panties drawing a long hiss out of me, my hips surging involuntarily against your fingers. Your hands reached for my panties, and quickly pulled them off my hips and down my legs, throwing them to join my pants. Gathering my senses, before you had time to continue your 'attack', I quickly moved to you, and pushed you gently back on the bed, rolling my body to lie against your side, my thigh pushing between your legs, which forced yours between mine. Slowly I moved my thigh against your wet lips, and lowered my lips to your skin, kissing softly over your shoulders and neck, speaking between kisses, while your hands roamed over my back and hips. You replied to each playful question perfectly; you knew how to play the game.

"Do you want me to continue, darling?"

"Oh hell, yes!"

"Are you getting bored, my love?"

"No, getting hot."

"Tired?"

"Some, but not of this!"

"Hungry?"

"Yes, but you know for what, and it isn't chicken soup no matter what the old wives tales say!"

"That's good. So, you want to get fucked do you?"

"Oh yes, Jen, more than anything I want you to fuck me silly."

"I don't know if I can do 'silly', but I'll have a damn good try, at slow, long, deep, lovingly and whenever and however you want. Will that do?"

After a brief pause, and with a soft sigh, you made your answer, "Perfectly," and with a low moan of happiness, my hands and mouth resumed their ravaging of your breasts. 

I moved one hand down to lift your leg at the knee, gently pushing it to lie sideways, opening up your glistening pussy to me. I pushed my thigh firmer against you, moving it slowly back and forth against your lips, as my mouth continued to suck and lick your breasts and nipples and my other hand stroked over your hips, your belly, your sides, and reached down your thigh.

You began to moan now, very low, but definite, "Oh god, please love, I want, please." I lifted my head and looked at your face. It took all my will power not to move to your mouth, the urge to kiss and nuzzle you almost overpowering. Instead, I slid my hand under the pillow and retrieved the dildo I had left there. I held it up to your face, and whispered, "This love, or my hand? The choice is yours. Always yours."

Breathlessly, you replied, "Your hand. I want to feel you."

I smiled happily at you. I am delighted, I too wanted to feel you, deep inside you, and keep that feeling in my head and my heart. Dropping the dildo, not taking my eyes from yours, I whispered to you, "Keep watching me love, as long as you can".

You nodded briefly, and moaned as you felt my thigh replaced with my fingers, gently stroking your silky lips, occasionally dipping a finger into your growing wetness. "Yes, oh yes." you gasped, your hips moving against my fingers. Breathless with my own longing, I moved down your body, kissing your delicious skin as I went, licking and sucking your succulent flesh.

I moved on to my stomach between your legs, now spread wide, as wide as you can. I moved closer, not quite touching, breathing gently against your wet slippery folds, directing my breath against your clit, loving the way you shuddered. Using the fingers of both hands, I gently move the outer lips apart to reveal the deep red, luscious prize, and gently swiped my tongue from the bottom upwards to stop just before your clit. 

Your deep moan told me you liked what I am doing, as did the way your hips lifted to me at each movement of my tongue. Gradually I began to push my tongue inside, licking your walls, tasting your essence, loving every drop. At the same time, I gently stroked over your hard clit, but when your trembling began, and you gasped to me, "Please love. Please." I moved away from your clit and replaced my tongue with two fingers, entering you slowly and deliberately, twisting them as I fucked you.

Each movement of my fingers produced more and more of that delicious cream, which I used as lubricant, enabling me to withdraw my hand, and add another finger, pumping and filling you, and very soon another. 

My own breathing was becoming laboured now, as I slowly, carefully, deeply filled you and fucked you with four fingers. Filling you completely. I made my way back up your body, leaving my fingers inside you, ecstatic at the feel of your satin against my hand, taking one hard nipple in my mouth, matching the rhythm of my sucking with my deep pumping inside of you.

After a few moments of this dual assault, I lifted my mouth from you, your movements and trembling telling me how near you are to coming; your hips were pushing against my hand, driving me deeper into you, your moans and whimpers telling me you needed and wanted more. I whispered softly, asking. "All of it darling, do you want all of it?"

Gasping in your desire, you replied, "Please.... please all of it.... now..... please."

With a brief kiss on your breasts, I moved to my knees, taking my weight from your thigh and urged your legs wide apart, and reached for the lube at the side of the bed. I withdrew my fingers from you, and while coating my hand lowered my head to lick your lips, up one side and back down the other, inhaling your scent, marvelling at how open you are for me, how wet. 

Your hips are moving urgently as I returned my fingers to you, pushing the four back into you, so easily, gliding smoothly, as I resumed my pumping, matching the rhythm as you pushed against me. Once more, I heard you gasp, "Jen, please, more. Fill me". I withdrew my fingers, curled the thumb into my palm and with great care, and even greater love, slowly pushed against the soft, slippery, yielding tissues, and before I know it, the ring of muscle had given way. I am inside you.

As always, the feeling of being enclosed within you, your silkiness surrounding my hand, almost sends me over the edge. I closed my eyes, savouring the exquisite sensation, but forced myself back to you, your pleasure. Very slowly I began go twist my hand, and move it back and forth, just teasing your lips with my wrist. You trembled almost uncontrollably gasping, moaning, pleading, "Oh god, oh god, oh god, please Jen, please, FUCK ME!" 

My movements became firmer, deeper, my fingertips stretching to touch your cervix, scraping along the walls inside you, and as I curled the hand into a fist, and begin pumping, I lowered my head to take your hard nub between my lips and sucked on it deeply. Your hips lifted against me, a wail of ecstasy left your lips and you surged again and again, pounding yourself against my fist moving inside, your movements pushing me deeper and deeper into you. Your back arched in a final seizure of pleasure, and as my lips left your clit and moved up your trembling body to your breasts, your hands reached for my head and held it tightly against you. I could feel the pulsing of your sweet flesh against my hand, hear the pounding of your heart against my head, as your chest heaved, desperately trying to take in gulps of air and your body slid back to the bed.
