 We were fresh out of the shower. I had managed to shower without getting my hair wet. That's quite a trick - it's too long to easily do that. The last time I wrote, she dried MY hair. I don't wash mine every day. It's too long for that.

Bathtub or shower, we always bathe together. 'Save water...bathe with a friend' and all that. As long as you don't end up having wild sex for an hour in the shower like we sometimes do, it works. The bathtub, we can't share without having sex. Sex just goes with that. That's why the bathroom, itself, has a floor drain...we lose a lot of water!

After drying ourselves, I hung my towel up and Blue carried hers to the bed and sat on the edge of the bed. Wear our towels after a shower? Does that make sense if you don't wear clothes? No.

With her hair still wet, the hottest woman in the world handed her towel to me and spread her legs so I could stand close enough to her to effectively dry her hair.

Was that the only reason she spread her legs? Possibly not...but, I was very serious about my little hair-drying task. She deserved that and I enjoy it!

So, I stood between her thighs, rubbing her hair with the towel. Her short, black hair is sooooo pretty and looks gorgeous on her. Her face was inches from my tummy, just under my breasts...I loved being so close to her while pampering her. Her breath on my tummy made me feel even better.

My rubbing her hair made my body move a little, and she placed her hands on my hips. I rubbed her hair a little more vigorously to get it as dry as possible without a hair dryer. She has one of those perfect cuts that pretty much fall into place after towel-drying. 

Blue's hands slid around to my ass...that brought her face even closer to my tummy and I told her, "Easy, hotstuff...let me get your hair dry."

I was almost done...her lips were now touching my tummy and she was firmly holding my ass. "What if I can't wait any longer?"

"You will be my good girl...you will wait." I tossed the towel and started swishing her hair into place very lightly with my fingers, blowing on it a little.

I could be a merciless pussy-tease right now. I love that and Baby loves that...

Done with her hair, I stayed right where I was and used both hands to caress the back of her neck and down into her shoulders, letting her rub her face on my tummy, taking in my scent while her hands rubbed my ass.

I kept my legs together while standing there...I wasn't ready to let her know how wet my pussy was. Moving my feet apart would spread my legs, then my inner thighs would be soaked with Sunnyjuices. 

I did move a little closer to her, and she slid her ass closer to the edge of the bed...I was getting hot as hell from her wet, lingering kisses all over my tummy. She spoke with her words broken apart by all her kisses, "Please...suck me...you...have to suck me...please, baby."

I spread my legs apart only enough to rub my thigh on one of her inner thighs...she whimpered for me and moved one of her hands to my pussy...I caught it and placed it back on my ass, patting both of her hands on my ass. I leaned over and spoke softly to her ear, "Baby want my pussy?"

She didn't answer. She was being teased and she was loving it. Her forehead was against my tummy and she was breathing quicker. She pressed her nails against my firm ass and whimpered more, trying to close her thighs on my thigh so she could fuck her pussy against it. I used my other thigh to hold her legs apart.

I was dying to get my face in her pussy!

She squealed when I slid my finger through my drippy-wet pussy...she squealed again when I brought my finger up to her and slid it into her mouth. Hungrily, wetly, she sucked it. With my lips touching her ear, I said quietly with a lot of hot breath, "You're so fucking sexy, my hot baby...suck that finger hard...take all my juices."

She did suck hard...I don't know how my finger stayed on my hand.

She released my finger from her mouth and told me, "If you don't make me cum, I WILL pull you down and jump on you!"

"No, you see, you can't do that. I just took care of your hair and that would really make a mess of it."

She gave me a hard spank on my ass and yelled, "MAKE ME CUM, YOU FUCKING PUSSYTEASE!"

I giggled and roughly pushed her onto her back on the mattress, got to my knees on the floor and gave her pretty pussy a savage mouthfucking it won't soon forget, making her scream for me...screaming even louder when her orgasm hit her body, she came and came and came so nicely!

She stayed on her back and I slid up between her legs, my breasts and tummy sliding up on her pussy, then on her tummy and breasts. I stopped with my pussy over her mouth and spread my legs...she reached up through my legs and held my ass, tilted her head back and SUCKED me...I thought she would swallow my pussylips! I came wildly into her mouth and she took every hot drop of me!

Breathing heavily, I slid back down, my pussy dripping on her breasts and tummy...she wriggled her ass from the edge of the bed and slid up...our arms and legs entangled each other and our mouths met...we kissed lovingly...deeply, then our lips parted and she said, "You're the best pussytease on earth."

"Thank-you. There's no other pussy I'd rather be teasing, my dear."

She brushed my lips with hers. "I love you, Sunny..."

We kissed again. "As I love YOU, my precious Blue..."

The End