 The gym was packed that day with women panicking that they'd gained a pound or two after the holidays. I never panic about stuff like that, but then agian I'm not tempted by food. I'm far more into sex-all kinds of hot, wild sex, the kind my boyfriend has no talent for and no interest in providing.

Luckily, we have an arrangement. As long as I am discreet, we're both happy.

That day at the gym, I indulged in my usual workout, trimming and toning this body I take such pride in. The whole time I was there, I knew, a muscular, blonde woman had been watching me. I smiled at her once or twice, figuring she was just compairing herself to me. Alot of my friends seem to do that, even though I tell them it's a sign of insecurity.

By the time I was done, I had worked up such a sweat that my shorts, T-shirt, and panties were doused. I felt so alive that my every fiber tingled, and my skin blazed with heat all over. As usual, I felt that fimiliar desire run through me, and my thoughts turned to sex.

I went back to the locker room to take a shower and get changed, thinking that maybe I'd stop my favorite hotel bar on the way home. Maybe I could find a traveling businessman to enjoy before I had to go home.

Suddenly, there she was, the blonde who'd been looking at me before. She sat on the bench as if she'd been waiting for me. As I looked at her perfect body again, I felt hotter than ever, especially with her eyeing me abd obviously wanting me. Maybe I didn't need to bother with picking up a man after all. I'd never been with a woman before, but, hey there's a first time for everything.

We said hello to one another as I stripped very slowly, throwing my clothes on the ground, still pretending I was just getting ready for my shower. I always enjoy head games when I'm on the prowl you know she wanted me blatantly. Her face smoldered with lust as I moved closer to her, feeling the danger, knowing anyone could walk in, I took off my sports bra, and I heard her breathing become loud and ragged.

As I reached for my panties she spoke to me. Her voice was husky, and she was stammering. What she said was, "Let me help you with those."

I answered, "Yes help me," and moved in front of her.

Just as she was about to pull them off, we heard the locker room door swing open. She took me by the hand and pulled me into one of the back shower stalls. I felt so excited, knowing there were other women so close by who would be shocked at my behavior if they found out about it. I knew some of them would also be very envious.

Once she closed the shower stall door behind us and stripped off her own T-shirt and shorts, the woman knelt and went straight for my panties, yanking them off me. They were skimpy little things, bikini style, and their lavender color had turned a deeper purple from sweat and desire. I was more than hot from her sexual ggressiveness, but when she started sniffing the crotch of my panties, the top just about blew off my sexual barometer.

"I-I didn;t think women went in for that-that kind of thing." I stammered. 

The woman tilted her back her head and laughed, "I'm not like most women," she said, " I like to work up a taste for the real thing."

I watched, transfixed, as she pressed the panties onto her face and caressed her cheeks with them. Then she sniffed them again. Finally, she licked the place where my cunt had rested, sucking the soaked cotton panel into her mouth. She savored the taste of my juices like they were sp,e fine wine, sucking on the material and licking every bit of female sauce from the fabric. Then she looked up at me and did it again while staring straight into my eyes. I never felt so turned on.

At that point, I had to have her salivating mouth on my slit. I stepped forward, spread my legs, and rubbed my cunt onto her face while she was still chewing on my panties. Reaching around me she grabbed my ass cheek and whisked her face back and forth between my thighs. Slowly, her tongue extended into the crevice between my pussy and thigh. I turned the shower on, shivering as the water caressed my bare nipples. She was still touching me everywhere.

I could feel my juices seeping down my thighs while I looked at her perfectly round, firm breasts. Her breasts looked so appetizing that I clasped tem into my horny hands and kneeded them like hot dough as the steaming water raced down our bodies.

Her cunt had been shaven except for a small, close cut sliver in the front, which was dark blonde. Dropping her tits, I reached down and slid my fingers into her steaming crease, stroking and maniplulating. She stood inches from my face with her mouth poised next to mine, her right hand still clutching the precious panties.

I opened my mouth to speak, and she kissed me, not softly but with her whole mouth. Her chafing tongue tasted like mint, her lips like heaven. I kissed her back with all my lust. Clutching her round, steely buns, I crushed her cunt into mine and started churning my hips desperately.

Meanwhile, her left hand rubbed the panties slowly downward to my inner thighs. Light chafes from the elastic teased my throbbing outer lips, and then the fabric skidded along my swollen clit. I thought I would die from anticipation. While she probed my pussy lips, alternately teasing and than becomming more aggressive, her right fingers still cupped my tit.

Without releasing my cuntfolds, she bore down on my breasts with her mouth. My nipples grew hard as diamonds, stinging and glimmering from her hungry sucking. She swished her tongue in the valley between my boobs, squeezing my breasts as she encircled the nipple with her fingers. 

"Do it," I hissed, my words blending with the sizzling sound from the shower head, "Please now!"

She smiled, well aware that she had complete control over me, then dropped to her knees. Steam rose around us, filling the stall with pussy-scents and heat. I was so hot that I could barely breathe. Her tongue was as athletic as the rest of her, slithering along my thigh and right up to my pussy lips. Finally, she went down on my crease, but she used the drenched panties to rub my clit at the same time.

The deeper she tongued me, the harder she rubbed the panties against my swollen nub. My hips pushed into her faster and faster. It felt like I was melting right into her. I realized her interest was in loading up the panties with still more of my nectar. She'd probably sucked most of the origonal flavor out of them.

She tongued me deeply, reaching into my every nook and cranny, setting me on fire. Her bottom lip nudged my clit as she gripped my ass-cheeks, forcing herself even deeper into me. My hips thrust into her face as hard as I could. My juices oozed into her mouth and onto those reeking panties and she kept tonguing and kissing my cunt. The saturated cotton scraped my clit until I was right on edge.

One more tongue thrust had me comming like a volcano. My thighs vibertated. She took the panties from me and put them over her face. I heard her take a deep gulp of air, breathing in my pussy fumes. Then her finger went to her clit. Sucking in great lungfuls of my essence, she began fingering herself fast and furious. She looked absolutly like she was possessed!

Her eyes rolled back into her head as she started chewing and sucking on the panties. She ectracted all the essence from my juices. Her hand, the one working over her clit, just glistened. Her juices were pouring down from up inside her. Then she came. She shrieked, stuffing the panties deeper into her mouth as her body stiffened all over.

When I looked around again, she was gone. The panties were lying on top of the drain in the center of the stall, crumpled and wet. I bent and picked them up, finding that the hot water had washed them clean. I lifted them back to my clit and rubbed myself with them a little, but it wasn't the same without her....