 I'm losing her. My hands are clammy and I wipe them on my shirt tails. I should be standing up, but I have no presentation and try to gesticulate meaningfully. Nervously, I've started my pitch in a voice too high, and instead of clearing my throat and starting over, I continue chirping through my rehearsed lines.

She's no longer with me, scrolling on her tablet. Any minute she'll check her watch and wrap this whole thing up. I curse myself: why didn't I bring her a prototype? Nothing beats a real sample you can see and touch.

Which gives me an idea.

"Excuse me," I hear myself say.

I stand up and speak with newfound confidence.

She looks up.

"I figure I have five minutes left in this pitch, so instead of describing it more, I'd like to demonstrate my product. But since I'm wearing it, I'll need some privacy."

I indicate the full glass wall of the meeting room behind which the daily hustle and bustle of the fashion company continues.

"What was your product exactly?" she asks, as if I hadn't been talking at all.

"A feminine pair of underwear with no visible panty line," I spool down my one-line summary.

"Right," she says, rising from her chair.

"You have five minutes."

As I walk ahead of her down the corridor, I can feel her eyes all over my ass. I wiggle my butt to maximize the effect. The fabric of the panties I've designed doesn't bulge and isn't visible even through the white pants I'm wearing.

"As you can see," I say as we enter the bathroom, quickly glancing around to make sure we're alone, "my pants don't betray what kind of panties I wear underneath, or even that I have on anything at all. Not even a thong has that effect."

"I can see that, or rather, I can't," she smirks.

I follow her into a stall and lock the door behind me.

I inhale and hold my breath as I slide off my slippers and wiggle out of my pants. She looks at me expectantly, and I turn in a slow circle.

"They look great," she says, "let me feel the fabric."

Without waiting for a response, she steps forward and places her hand on my ass, pinching and squeezing.

I exhale as my nipples stand visible erect, poking my shirt.

"You like that, don't you?"

I gasp as she slides the panties down my legs. I have to steady myself against her as she forces me to step out of them.

She inspects the seams of my underwear.

"Impressive."

She studies my face, and I can feel myself flush under her scrutiny.

"We'll do a limited test run, and if they sell, we'll add it to our permanent collection."

"That's... great!" I whisper hoarsely.

My panties are dangling from her finger, offering them back to me, but when I reach for them, she balls her hand into a fist.

"You'll get the contract in any case," she says, "so don't feel like you have to indulge me. But as you said, I have a few more minutes to spare."

Her free hand reaches between my legs.

"Tell me if you want me to stop."

A moan escapes my lips in answer as her fingers softly stroke my pussy and I feel myself get wet.

"I want to kiss you," she declares.

I close my eyes in anticipation, but she crouches down and places her mouth over my pussy instead, thrusting out her tongue. I move my hip forward and cannot help but grab her hair.

She explores me with slow, rhythmic dabs of her tongue. I relax as I feel myself open up, and she runs her hands up the back of my legs to part them further. Goosebumps stand out on my flesh. Giving in to the tingling sensation, I arch my back and rub my pussy against her stuck-out tongue, hot flashes welling up inside of me.

Her hands squeezing my ass, she pulls herself up to make me kneel on the closed toilet lid with my back to her. From behind, a tentative finger gently probes my wetness. She bends down and starts licking me with upward strokes of her tongue, starting at my clit and running the entire length of my pussy, mixing my freely flowing juice with her saliva. She alternates between sucking with her lips at the hood of my clit and sticking her tongue out far to circle and push it, producing a pulsing, irresistible sensation. Her bursting exhalations between my legs tickle and arouse me further. My mouth opens into a wide O of excitement and I throw back my head, whipping her with my long hair.

I slide my knees to the sides until I can't stay on the lid anymore. I stand with my legs spread, hands pushing against the wall, my ass jutting out towards her. Exposed like this, my pleasure takes the sound of uncontrollable grunts and moans, in between which I hiss, "Yes. Don't! Stop!"

She stuffs my own panties in my mouth to muffle my squeals growing louder and louder. Reaching around with her left to feverishly finger my clit, she enters me with her right hand, her knuckles rubbing over my g-spot fast and faster.

Her breath is hot in my ear.

"Come for me."

Tiles swimming in front of my eyes, my knees buckle and I give myself over to orgasm, exploding forcefully against her hand before collapsing onto the toilet.

"I have a feeling this partnership will be a success."

Still woozy and swaying, I get up staggering to step back into my panties.

Straightening her clothes, she checks her watch.

"Next time you're here, we'll take more time for this."

---

Copyright © 2019 by Dominée LePen

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this story or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

This story is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places, and events are products of the author's imagination. Any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, places or events is coincidental and not intended. Where references to historical events, real people, or real places occur, they are used fictitiously.