 My new traveling lover was now leading me by the hand to the gate of our plane to Paris. As we held hands walking towards the plane, I realized I had just masturbated for her, and she had done the same for me, but I didn't even know her name. 

However, I was so astonished with what had just happened and how she had complete control of me that I felt embarrassed to even ask. As we arrived at the gate of our plane, she finally said, "If I am going to check you in next to me, I need to know your name."

"Marianne. Marianne Lindberg. And yours?" I replied nervously.

"You'll know in due time! Now follow me, Marianne." she said. She walked in front of me to the counter and I followed as ordered.

Behind the counter there was a beautiful slender redhead about 30 dressed sharply in the airline uniform, her hair up in a bun, and a nametag that read ‘Monica'. As soon as she noticed my companion, she greeted with surprising affection and respect, "Hello Miss Fletcher. It's good to have you fly with us again. Is there anything we can help you with?"

"Yes, thank you," she answered "I just ran into my niece and I would love for her to fly sitting next to me in first class."

"Of course, I'll take care of it right away," replied beautiful redhead Monica.

The arrangements were done and we were told to wait half an hour before boarding. I knew two things, now. One was that the gorgeous lady that had fingered herself for me to watch was Miss Fletcher. And two, that she was a distinguished and important customer to the airline.

I knew from then on that I was bound to do anything Miss Fletcher told me to. And she did so right away, as we walked away from the counter.

"Honey, you made a mess of me, I am completely soaked and not wearing any panties. Please accompany me to the restroom so that you can clean up what you did," she whispered into my ear. 

My knees shook as she spoke into my ear. The air of her voice tickled and made my pussy tingle with anticipation.

We walked into the nearest restrooms. Inside there was a woman touching up her makeup watching us in the reflection of the mirror. Miss Fletcher grabbed my hand and pulled me into the handicap bathroom closing the door behind us. She set her briefcase on the toilet. She opened it and took out my panties. The pink cotton g-string that she had previously made me remove and hand over to her at the boarding gate, just before we fingered ourselves in front of each other. 

Then she set her briefcase back on the floor and handing me my pink panties, she ordered,

"Get on your knees. Lick me clean and put these on me when you are done!"

"WHAT?" I asked, trying to hide my deep desire to do exactly what I had just been ordered to do.

"You heard exactly what I said. We don't have much time, so stop asking questions and clean me up!" she ordered in a more demanding voice.

As in all her previous demands, I obeyed.

I set my backpack on the corner of the restroom and stared at her in disbelief, as she pulled her skirt up over her hips and well above her waist revealing her sexy stockings held up by a beautiful black and red lace garter belt. She grabbed her skirt up with one hand and spread her legs wide putting her right foot on the toilet. The wet lips of her cunt swelled out shining with her cum. Her pussy was neatly and perfectly shaven with only a stripe of her above.

I was frozen standing in front of her not knowing what to do and then she said, "Now get between my legs, Marianne, and make me cum again!" 

She grabbed my head with a fistful of hair and pulled my face down toward her pussy. At first, I tried resisting by just bending at my waist not wanting to kneel on the floor and not knowing if I could, or should, go down on her. 

The effort was senseless. I quickly let into her strength against the back of my head and fell into the eager desire I felt to taste her. I bent my knees and suddenly I was kneeling on the cold marble floor with her wide-open cunt in front of my face. 

I could not believe what I was about to do, but I was so turned on that I did not care anymore if the woman putting makeup on outside or anyone else in the restroom could see or hear what was going on. 

All I could care about was pleasing Miss Fletcher's order. So, I reached with my left hand and slowly caressed the back of Miss Fletcher's leg slowly trailing my fingers from her ankle all the way up her leg to her perfectly round hard butt. Then, I grabbed her left ass cheek and pressed it hard with my full hand, as I said teasingly staring straight up into her eyes,

"Tell me again, what do you want me to do to you?"

Then, as though she was about to get mad with me, she said,

"Fuck me with your tongue, you little slut!"

The feeling of uncontrollable lust and the smell of her cunt in front of my face turned me on so much that I could not stop myself. I now, reached with both my hands around her and grabbed her ass pulling it wide open and pressing her full body against my face as I opened my mouth and pulled out my tongue to lick her for the first time. 

I trailed her full cunt with my tongue all the way from her asshole to her clit taking all the juice I could into my mouth. When I reached her clit with the hard point of my cunt, she moaned and whispered loudly,

"Good girl, YEESSS! Keep going!" 

I was sure that the other women outside could hear everything and they could certainly see my knees on the floor under the bathroom door just in front of Miss Fletcher's black heels.

But as I said, I could have cared less by then. I continued to let my instincts lead me and do exactly as I was told. I suctioned her pussy lips into my mouth. I licked her cunt between them and I gave her clit some quick licks to tease her.

"Oh, please Marianne! Fuck me with your tongue!" she ordered.

I got my face as far down between her legs as I could, then I stretched her lips wide open with my thumb and index finger and finally, I started to fuck her with my tongue as far in as I could get it in. Now, I was so turned on that I put my hand up my skirt and down the black lace panties that I had borrowed from this stranger and was furiously rubbing my clit and moaning hard into Miss Fletchers cunt, as she also moaned.

"Oh, yes, yes, yes, Marianne! Make me cum!" she screamed, not caring to whisper any more.

All she wanted was for me to her off, so I chose to wait for my turn to cum and I took my hand from my pussy and slowly eased my soaked index and middle finger into her eager tight cunt as my tongue concentrated on her clit.

I curled my fingers forward pressing softly and drawing little circles against her g-spot, while maintaining a steady rhythm with my tongue against her clit.

"OHHHHHHHHH. My God, you are so good, Marianne! I'cumming, I'm cumming, Oh, YESSSSSSSSS, YES, YES. AAAAHHHHHH!" she screamed, as I felt her body tense up, her pussy clench hard against my fingers, and her juices all over my mouth and nose and trickling down my chin.

Her orgasm was so hot and intense that I could not hold back and I felt a thrill of spasms go through my body as I soaked Miss Fletcher's panties again feeling my own juices going down between my kneeling legs. 

I moaned, "AAAAAAHHHHH, Yes, Yes, Yessssss! Miss Fletcher, Thank you! Thank you, so much! I love eating your pussy!" 

I continued licking her pussy, as she trembled between my arms, until there was no more of her juice to lick. Then I picked up my pink cotton g-string, which at some point I had set on the floor (surely the women outside had seen it laying there) and I eased one of Miss Fletcher's feet in and then the other. (This scene must have been particularly sexy to view under the door from outside the bathroom.)

As I stood up, I rolled my panties up her legs, over her hips and around her waist. I carefully set them in place fixing the elastic band on both sides of her body and between her ass cheeks. Then I eased her skirt back down and fixed it perfectly around her. 

With all her cum juice still all over my face and chin, I said, "Is that clean enough, Miss Fletcher?"

She grabbed my face from both sides with her hands, she pulled me towards her, and kissed me deeply with her tongue as I had never been kissed in my life. My knees were shaking and my pussy was dripping non-stop between my legs. Then she bit my lips and sucked my chin and all around my mouth licking me clean from her juices. Finally, she kissed me deeply again, and then she said,

"God I was waiting for this. My name is Jessica, babe! And I loved tasting myself on you. Now we are both clean."

I nodded in disagreement, since she was not at all aware of the damp situation between my legs.

So as I looked into her eyes, I took her hand and I put it up my skirt between my legs for her to feel my uncontrollable wetness.

Surprised, she said, "Wow, honey! I guess you enjoyed getting me off. I like that in a girl!"

She put her hand down my black lace panties which she had made me wear and started going off rubbing my clit with her index finger with incredible talent and expertise unknown even to my own hand. Then she said,

"I guess we have a couple of minutes for you to cum again!"

I was still so turned on from my half-orgasm from getting Miss Fletcher off, that I quickly started moaning and gyrating and moving my hips back and forth against my new lover's hand. 

I could only moan into Miss Fletcher's mouth as she kissed me deeply while masturbating me, "Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, AHHHHH!!!!" 

Soon I felt a full-no-doubt-incredible orgasm building inside me and I came as hard as I had ever cum in my life, "AAAAHHHH!!!!!, OOOOOHHHHH!!!!!!!!, OH! OH!, AHHHH!!!!! Yeeeeeeessss! Yeessss! Yessss!"

Then she took her hand out of my pussy and put it in her mouth, licking it perfectly and then she said, "Mmmh, that tastes so good, now take those wet panties off!"

I reached under my skirt and pulled them down to my ankles and then off of me. 

"Give them to me!" she ordered.

I did and she put them in her briefcase, but then she took out another pair and held it out for me. It was a white lace "La Perla" g-string.

"I always carry extra fancy panties for naughty girls like you!" she said, "but please clean yourself first," she ordered as she handed me my new panties for the trip. 

Then she opened the door of the bathroom and stepped out, saying, "I'll be waiting at the gate."

As the door opened, there were two women starring at us, but Miss Fletcher closed the door leaving me inside to get cleaned up and walked straight passed our onlookers saying only: "Good Afternoon, Ladies! Hope you enjoyed as much as I did!"

Meanwhile, I cleaned my pussy dry with tissue, put on my new fresh panties, washed my hands and face and brushed my hair, before heading to the gate to meet up with Jessica hoping for some more action on the plane.