 The morning after my impromptu wrestling match with Sam and my sister Lina, Sam and I rose to find that Lina had been up early and had left, just leaving a note of the kitchen table saying...

'Don't worry, I'm fine. I didn't want things to get awkward, hope you are ok with that. Love Lina.'

But I had obviously been worried by that and had tried to call and text Lina, but for the last two days she has just blanked me, which made me worry more, despite Sam's attempts to reassure me.

It's now Monday evening, I'm at home sitting with Sam. I haven't seen nor heard from Lina since Saturday evening, when out of the blue, I get a text...

'Hi Becky, sorry I've been avoiding you. I just needed space to decide what I want to do next, now I know. Would you be able to help me set up a proper wrestling match, as I want to try it again? Thanks, Love Sis'.

"Wow, look at this." I say incredulously, showing my phone to Sam.

"See, I told you she would be fine." Sam replies and then asks "So what are you going to do with that?"

"I don't know, I don't think it's really for Lina and I don't want her getting hurt." I answer.

"But you're OK with torturing me on the mats?" Sam asks with a smile.

"Ahh yes, but then I get to fuck you, so I'm fine with it." I joke (sort of).

I take my phone and reply back to Lina...

'Pleased you're ok sis, been worried about you. Let me have a think about the wrestling, I'll get back to you'.

There's no further response from Lina. But then after a few minutes Sam speaks.

"I've got an idea." Sam says out of the blue.

"Really? What is it?" I ask with some trepidation.

"What about you and Lina in a tag match against me and Gemma? That way Lina gets to wrestle and you get to look after her, to make sure nothing bad happens." Sam suggests.

"Maybe, I'll put it to Lina, see what she says. Do you want to ask Gemma, to make sure she's up for it too?" I respond.

***

Well here we are, it's Saturday night and I have another wrestling match. Both Lina and Gemma said yes, so we have contest. I have spent the last couple of days with Lina, taking her through some holds, moves and escapes, prepping her on the basics. She is not really ready yet, so I will definitely need to protect her, as she is still pretty naive and raw.

Sam has again cleared one of the bedrooms in our home and laid down mats, as a makeshift wrestling gym. Lina and I reach the room first, Lina has selected matching outfits for us, a red one-piece bathing suit, almost Baywatch style and sheer, seamless black hose (she's aware of the dress code). We start to limber up and stretch when our opponents, 'Team Gam', enter. (They have taken to calling themselves Team Gam as a mash up of their names, Gemma and Sam.) They too have matching outfits. Both ladies wearing what is essentially just underwear, a silk lace trimmed bra and matching silky shorts panties, both in sky blue, with sheer, seamless grey pantyhose. This is the first time I've wrestled Gemma since I came out and I suspect this is her way of flirting with me. But whilst in different circumstances I would heartily approve, right now I don't think this is right for a straight wrestling match, involving my very straight little sister!

"Do you think that outfit is entirely suitable for a wrestling match?" I ask, critically.

"I think so. What about you Lina, do you like it?" Gemma asks, twisting and turning to show off her body to the young woman she had met for the first time only an hour ago.

"I'm Ok with it." Lina responds. But to be honest she looks so nervous right now I don't think she really knows what's going on.

"Good that's settled." Gemma adds quickly "So, it's a 30 minute time limit tag match, submission only, most submissions wins. When you're tagged you have to break and leave the mat with 10 seconds, when you submit you have to restart the next round against the winner's partner. Any questions?"

No one speaks, so after a few moments we move apart to our assigned sides of the room. We have agreed the non-competing member of each team has to be in constant contact with opposite walls, to avoid straying onto the mat.

"I'm going to start, I'll tag you in when I have our opponent ready for you to take advantage. OK?" I coach my inexperienced partner "And if you get in trouble, get back here and tag as quickly as you are able, don't try and fight your way out if you can reach or run, that's what a tag partner is for."

"Yes, fine, I understand." Lina replies.

Then a bell rings to start the match, I turn to face my opponent, not knowing who is starting for the other team. I see Gemma coming toward me, taking a classic wrestler's stance, as she cautiously approaches.

I simply outwait her, only a few seconds but still her relative inexperience and impatience tells, as she decides to lunge at me. I counter, with a blunt but effective trip, felling her to the mat. I follow-up by dropping down onto her back, pulling her arm up into a hammerlock. Again not stylish but effective. I hold her arm, with one hand and wrap my other arm around her throat, not quite in a choke but certainly restricting blood flow a little, whilst also wrapping my hose covered legs around her torso, squeezing her in a body scissor. All of this isn't designed to make her submit but just to soften her up for my partner, it's possibly uncomfortable but nowhere near painful.

"I submit." Gemma calls.

"What?" I question, there's no way that could make her submit.

"I submit, break the hold." Gemma repeats.

Confused, I release my barely even dented opponent. Getting to her feet, Gemma gestures to Lina, in a come hither motion.

"Come on Lina, you and me now." Gemma hisses.

Oh shit, now the penny drops. Now my still fresh opponents have access to their rookie challenger.

"Just tag out as soon as you can." I instruct Lina.

Lina and Gemma meet, and it's less than 1 minute into the match. Gemma takes hold of Lina without too much resistance she's able to apply a side headlock, reducing the air and blood flow to Lina's brain, then she adds a hair-pull to the hold, bringing a yelp from the novice.

"Hey, no hair pulling." I call out, at Gemma's 'flexing' of the rules.

"Really?" Gemma replies "Lina, are you ok with it, or do you want to see what else I can do with that hand."

I'm sure none of us really knew what that threat meant but it sounded menacing.

"I'm fine with hair pulling." A clearly unnerved Lina replied.

With that, I just park my objection, as I don't want my big mouth getting my sister in trouble. Gemma then proceeds to walk Lina around the room, she's been doing this now for over a minute and I can see from the way that Lina is starting to stumble that she's clearly getting very lightheaded and faint.

"Lina, submit." I advise from the side-lines.

But before she can tap, Gemma walks Lina over to Sam and reaches out and tags her in. Sam enters the fray with Gemma basically handing their overpowered opponent to her. In the 10 seconds they have to change over, Sam is able to bring Lina to the mat and apply a seated body scissor from behind, before Gemma even releases her head.

Sam continues tormenting her overwhelmed rival, in turn squeezing and relaxing the hold, to protract the torment. Sam has wonderful legs, and in those grey pantyhose they look magnificent, though I'm not sure that's the word Lina would use to describe them at this moment. In a one on one match I would advise Lina to submit now, as she's not getting out. But that just means Gemma comes back in and Sam is less malicious in her treatment of Lina than Gemma might be, so I stay quiet. Eventually however Lina isn't able to stand it any longer and she submits, with a slightly pathetic tap.

Sam moves off the mat and tags Gemma, who re-enters the bout to start the next round.

"Let me tag back in. This isn't a fair fight, Lina needs a break." I appeal.

"Sorry Becky, it's all perfectly fair, these are the rules, and she can always tag out on her own." Gemma retorts.

Who is she kidding Lina has hardly moved since Sam released her, Gemma actually has to stand and wait for Lina. She gets to her knees and pitifully looks up at the bully girl above her but that's where Gemma's patience ends. She now attacks, taking Lina back down to the mat. This time being a bit more scientific with her wrestling, Gemma applies a camel clutch making sure my sister is facing me, so I can see the pain on her face. This time a submission is obviously the aim and it doesn't take too long in coming.

"I give, I give." Lina screams her pain obvious in her contorted face and shrill tone.

"Two, one." Gemma says, as if I didn't know the score, smiling at me as she walks off the mat to tag in my girlfriend.

I move forward onto the mat and tag Lina's hand.

"Hey, you can't do that." Sam says sternly "She has to start the next round, she lost."

I stand there for a moment defiantly, knowing she is right but not willing to allow my sister to continue taking a beating. We're only about 8 minutes in and it doesn't look like they plan to let Lina off the hook any time soon.

"Get off Becky." Lina says, even though she is still unable to get to her feet. "It's my fight, I asked for it, so if I lose, I'm going to lose fair."

Again listening to my sister's noble but stupid instructions, I leave her to it. As I leave the mat, Sam takes hold of Lina and rolling her onto the mat again traps her in another scissor hold but this time it's a front head scissor. My girlfriend now has my sister trapped face down in between her thighs, a position I don't mind being in from time to time but somewhere I'm sure Lina would rather not be, and that I would rather not see.

"Okay Sam. Stop that now." I ineffectually command.

"Do you want to submit Lina?" Sam asks.

"No." Lina replies bluntly.

"See she wants to be there." Sam taunts "In fact if you guys want to concede the match, we can just do this for the next 20 minutes or so. Or at least something similar."

"Fuck off Sam." I replied with annoyance showing at her indecent proposal.

"Hey Lina, what do you say? Do you want to concede and you and Becky can service us for the remainder of the time. Or I can take that time to show you all of my wrestling holds." Gemma offers.

As Gemma speaks, Sam noticeably tightens her hold on the already beaten girl in front of her. Oh my god, I think they are being serious, they want to fuck my straight little sister.

"Yes, yes, I concede." Lina howls, with tears clear to see in her eyes and one running down her cheek.

"No, you can't do that." I intervene "This isn't part of the deal for this match. You just can't."

"Tell you what Becky, if you really don't want us to do that, we'll let you tag back in." Gemma responds "But there's a condition."

"What's that?" I ask apprehensively, as I have a feeling I'm not going to like it.

"You tag in to face me and Sam together, 2 on 1." Gemma proclaims.

OK, that's a shit offer. I can't wrestle two women 2 on 1 for 20 minutes, I'll get my ass kicked. But then I look over at my crying, dominated sister and I accept.

I take to the mat, looking at both of my opponents. In what appears to be a pre-orchestrated move they split, circling in opposite directions around me. Without a plan to counteract this I just react; turning to guard against what I perceive to be the bigger threat, in this case Gemma. But as I turn my back on Sam, she pounces from behind, and whilst my attention is still half on Gemma, Sam is able to lock on a standing full nelson, and with her height advantage, even though it's only a few inches, it has the effect of lifting me onto my tip toes, so I'm almost suspended by my shoulders. Jeez this hurts. Well if I thought that hurt Gemma has just taken it up several notches, as she strikes from the front, lifting her knee and essentially slamming the length of her thigh into my solar plexus, knocking the wind right out of me. She repeats this three more times, allowing 20 seconds between hits to build the trepidation, man this is brutal, with each impact I sink further but still being held upright by Sam I am dangling by my arms. Now I'm the one in tears.

It's with some relief that Sam releases me, and predictably I slump to the mat in agony. The respite is short lived however, as Gemma follows me down to the mat with a leg drop across my already aching shoulders, and then she rolls away, only to be followed by Sam. Man, how long did these girls spend choreographing this? They repeat the leg drops another twice each. This is definitely taking over as the worst beating I've ever taken on the wrestling mats, I would eat pussy all night long to stop this right now, but I just can't do that to Lina.

I am now totally submissive, they could do anything to me and I have nothing to resist. Gemma easily locks on a camel clutch, as she had done to Lina previously and exhibits me to my little sister, allowing her to see my tear marked face, as I moan in pain.

"Shit Becky. Let's just concede the match, I can't let you do this, they're fucking killing you." Lina begs.

"I'm fine." I lie "You don't have to, I'll be okay."

Gemma just ratchets up the force on the hold, folding my back, which she knows I have ongoing difficulties with anyway, and I can feel my already throbbing shoulders burning with pain. Out the corner of my eye I can see Sam, just watching enraptured. I love how turned on she gets watching me lose at wrestling, in a way that no one else can do for her, but right now I would be happy if she took pity on me. But she even seems to enjoy my tears... perv!

"Are you sure you don't want to concede?" Sam asks, I can hear the excitement in her voice, as she's obviously so turned on she just wants to fuck my face now.

"No, I can't." I moan.

"Gemma, let go of her." Sam says.

Oh god, is she finally showing some compassion to me? 

Nope, apparently not. As soon as Gemma releases me, Sam grabs my right leg and pulls it up, so I am in a single leg Boston crab. Realising her opportunity Gemma grabs the other and does likewise. Because of the extra leverage two people can get by pulling in different directions, two single leg crabs are much more painful than one opponent applying a full crab, so this is fucking murder.

"Oh god, how long left?" I scream.

"About 14 minutes." Lina answers.

"Okay, please stop. I'm sorry Lina, I need them to stop, I'm so sorry. Please just fuck us." I plead.

"So you're both ready to eat some pussy?" Gemma laughs, not yet releasing the hold.

"Yes!" I shriek.

"Yes, just please let her go." Lina adds.

Releasing me, my opponents like lightning strip off their underwear shorts and stand in the centre of the mat, waiting for their defeated victims to join them. And looking at them in just sheer hose and sexy bras, now I would happily satisfy both of them, if only it wasn't for Lina's degradation I might feel OK about this.

As we stagger over towards them, Gemma speaks to direct us.

"Lie here, side by side." Gemma orders.

We do as instructed, this feels so wrong being so close to my sister waiting to get used as sex toys by two women. But Gemma and Sam don't appear too bothered by that.

"So which one do you want?" Gemma asks Sam.

"I think it would be a little bit weird to fuck my girlfriend's sister, so I think you should take Lina. I'll take the love of my life!" Sam answers (good save!).

"So are you ready for this Team... hey I've just realised when you put your names together you are Team Licky, how very apt." Gemma says bringing a shriek of laughter from her and her partner.

The victors take their positions and start to enjoy the spoils. Out the corner of my eye I can see my sister under the pantyhose crotch of sensual young woman, and have to admit it's turning me on a little.

"Open your eyes Lina." I hear Sam order. Bringing a laugh from Gemma, who is the one actually 'riding' my sister. My girlfriend is such a control freak.

Weirdly, almost in unison Sam and Gemma start to moan heavily, then start to grind, then buck and groan more loudly. Until finally they both collapse simultaneously.

"Oh jeez, did they teach that at your school or something. Because you are fucking awesome too Lina." Gemma says "How long left? Can we do that again?"

"Really Gemma, was OK?" Lina asks, part in shame, part in pride.

"I have never had anyone better than Becky, but you are as good, different but as good." Gemma continues the compliment.

Out the corner of my eye I can see Sam, with a longing look on her face.

"If there's time left, maybe we should swap. I mean what happens on the mat, stays on the mat, right?" I propose.

"Are you ok with that Lina?" Sam asks eagerly.

"Ermm, Ok." Lina says hesitantly.

But with no time for any further hesitation, 'Team Licky' are back in action! If the sight of my sister servicing another woman felt odd, that's nothing compared to watching her gratifying my girlfriend's nylon encased womanhood. And what's more, the way that Sam is moving I can see she's really getting in to it. I actually feel a bit jealous, but I'm not sure who I'm more jealous of.

And once again in synchronicity our dominators climax in earth shattering harmony. This is obviously taking a delightful toll on both girls, as I can see they are practically supporting each other, as they lean together. Finally they give way to their orgasms, once again causing them to collapse, overcome with pleasure.

As they fall together Gemma actually starts to kiss Sam, in a moment of delirium. I should probably stop them, but given the circumstance, I'll let it go this once. It doesn't last long anyway.

"Are you sure you don't have any more sisters?" Sam asks.

"Hell Sam, do you honestly need another one?" Gemma asks. Bringing a tide of giggles to the room.

With that, I look at the timer.

"Is time up?" Lina asks.

"Oh yes!" I reply "Time was up before we even swapped 15 minutes ago but I hate to cut short the victors' reward. But I do think it's time to call it a day now."

"I don't even have the energy to get showered and dressed. So let's just cover up, head downstairs and get a glass of wine." Sam suggests.

Honestly, if anyone came in now and saw us all sitting around in the living room in t-shirts, pantyhose and not much else, heaven knows what they would think. 

Gemma and Lina are sitting at opposite ends of the sofa, I am sitting on an armchair, with Sam sitting on my lap. I can tell how horny Sam still is, firstly because she chose to sit on my lap, when other seats are available but mainly because as we sit chatting she keeps stealing quick kisses, despite the fact that we are with guests. Gradually, I get more into it myself, as a surreptitiously slip my hand between thighs and start to massage her pubic area. Although maybe I am not as stealthy as I thought, I think the other girls have caught on to what is happening not that I think Sam cares at the moment.

"I think I am going to go to bed, I'm beat." Lina announces, as she stands up, obviously uncomfortable watching the growing intimacy in front of her.

Responding, Gemma also stands and starts to edge towards the door.

"I think I should be getting home now too. It's been quite a night, but I think I need to get dressed and get home whilst I still have the energy to move." Gemma adds.

"Aren't you going to stay the night Gemma?" Lina asks.

"No Lina, we only have one spare bedroom, as the other room still has wrestling mats in it." I explain.

"That's fine. There is a double bed in my room, if you don't mind sharing Gemma." Lina offers.

"I don't have any nightwear to sleep in..." Gemma starts to say.

"That's fine, you can stay as you are, I don't mind." Lina interrupts.

There isn't another word spoken as the girls practically run from the room. Followed by frantic footsteps pounding up the stairs.
