 Watching the sun rise over the ocean from Hawaii is just about as close to heaven on earth as it gets. Just before the sun crests over the ocean, the sky turns every single shade of pink, orange, and red. The ocean dances, showing off every color of the rainbow while huge birds fly over, waiting for the sun to start shining. 

The Hawaiian islands constantly grow and change with every new season. For those lucky enough to live in Hawaii, the sunrises and sunsets are simply a mundane part of their day. But tourists, like Sabrina and Julie, can fully appreciate the beauty and awesomeness of Hawaii, knowing that they have to leave, at some point. 

Sabrina's been a morning person since high school. By college, she was already a favorite in the photography world. Her claim to fame was from taking photos of absolutely anything Amish. She had won local Lancaster awards for her photos which was a great jump start into her main passion in life. 

At the age of 25, Sabrina was making six figures a year and had nearly a dozen employees under her. With that kind of money and freedom to simply come in to the office once a week, traveling became her next big passion. After years of photographing the Amish, the desire to branch out was a necessity for Sabrina, that's when she met husband number one; Brian. 

Brian was a successful entrepreneur that day traded his way into financial freedom at the age of 32. The first time Sabrina met the so called perfect man, was at a local golf tournament in Harrisburg Pennsylvania when she was 24. Sabrina was never really into golfing, but it was great exercise and it was three or four hours in the sun. 

The two day tournament in Harrisburg was raising money for different charities in and around the Pennsylvania area. The first day of the tournament was split between Friday and Saturday with the top pairs playing the second day, Sunday. 

Sabrina had met her now ex husband Brian while taking photos of the players and of the beautiful golf course. They saw each other, they flirted, and over the course of 7 months they dated, got engaged, then got married in their seventh month together. But, being the douche pickle that he was, it turned out that Brian had multiple affairs by their third year of marriage. 

His first affair, only 6 months into the marriage, was with Sabrina's long time best friend Julie, who told her eventually. It was a lot easier to forgive Julie, who was Sabrina's friend since they met in the third grade, than forgive Brian. Since Sabrina had only really known her husband for a little over 4 years, those ties were much easier to burn. 

It took Julie 14 months to get Sabrina to date again. Being a successful business owner tied Sabrina up in endless staff meetings, deadlines, accounting, and still have enough time to own a small home in Lancaster. That kind of responsibility even put a light strain on Sabrina's friendship with Julie. At the height of Sabrina's busy success, she would call Julie once a month and they would go out for dinner or coffee once every two or three months. 

The unbreakable friendship between Sabrina and Julie lasted through some major ups and downs over the course of 24 years. Most of the dramatic stuff was almost all completely centered around Sabrina. Constant bouts with depression, isolating, and general anti-social behavior, transformed Sabrina into an ultra independent and no nonsense kind of woman. 

After graduating high school, Sabrina and Julie attended Shippensburg University together as dorm mates. Sabrina was already on the verge of being a huge name in the photography world and Julie was undeclared until her third year in college. The result made a perfect environment for both girls to party, discover their 'wild' sides, and do some REALLY stupid things. 

Sabrina graduated after four years and immediately moved to Lancaster Pennsylvania to set up shop, literally. Julie graduated after taking one extra semester after Sabrina had graduated. Julie ended up with a degree in Sociology, but never used it as an adult. In high school, Julie blossomed into a beautiful, tall, blond bombshell, but in college, she became a sex-crazed, gorgeously perfect, nymphomaniac. 

Sabrina and Julie were nearly complete opposites in nearly every way possible. However, all the differences between them, generated a natural magnetism towards each other. Neither girl ever had a problem with the usual Thursday night threesome they would host from their dorm room together. Julie would usually meet some new piece of delicious beefcake during the week on campus, but by Thursday night, the beefcake would be in for a major surprise. 

One time, during their second year at Shippensburg, Julie had snagged two eager older male students to join her in some weekend fun. Sabrina was supposed to be gone for the weekend so Julie wanted to scratch a fantasy off from her sex bucket list; a dp with two guys. One to penetrate her ass while the other dick fucked her vagina. It sounded like heaven to Julie. 

The Saturday night Julie had planned changed real quick when she entered her dorm room with two studs and saw Sabrina studying. The really interesting part about this evening was that neither Sabrina nor Julie had one single orgasm between the two of them. Sabrina and Julie were still fairly drunk after the two boys left the girls' dorm room. They had gotten so worked up and horny that they decided to try something different, and a little taboo; they watched each other masturbate. 

Both girls made jokes, but the longer they both sat on Julie's bed watching each other finger, rub, and get off, the more serious it got. They both found each other very attractive and talked about sex all the time since they both turned 15. Both girls had a need or desire to always try new things; sexually. So really, both girls masterbating together was simply the next evolutionary step in their long friendship. 

Even though that one evening of drunken passion created a permanent memory for both girls, it never happened again. They both still enjoyed sharing a man every now and again in their early thirties. Sabrina's second marriage put an end to all of their crazy sexual adventures together. They had plenty of unbelievable stories to recall and share with each other. Kind of like now; vacationing on Honolulu Hawaii.

"Good morning, Jules. How do you feel?"

"Like you rammed me with a greyhound bus into two of my orifices. For real. I've never needed to rest my vagina, but you completely destroyed it last night. How are you?"

"That sounds like a pretty accurate description for me too. You're supposed to be some huge nymphomaniac though!"

Julie laughed then said, "I'm still horny, just in no shape to do anything about it at the moment."

"I know what you mean, Jules. Last night was really hot and I just wanted to start day two of our vacation by saying that I love you Jules."

Julie smiled then leaned in closer to hug and kiss Sabrina while they were still lying in bed together. Sabrina tasted like pure hot sex and it was wonderful. "I love you too Bree. Ready to get tattooed with me before breakfast?"

Sabrina had forgotten about the whole tattoo plan at first, but Julie seemed pretty excited about it. Her excitement made Sabrina excited. 

"Can't wait. Can I pee first?"

Julie couldn't resist a pee joke that was laid out for her so nicely. 

"Here or in the toilet? I'm cool with either as long as you keep it on your side of the bed."

"Already? Get it out now cuz I'm never mentioning 'peeing' ever again, for the rest of my life."

Both girls had a huge laugh, shared another big kiss, then took turns using the bathroom. 

As Sabrina got dressed very modestly for a full day out in the Hawaiian, 87 degree, cloudless day, Julie researched. Specifically, doing a search on local tattoo parlors within walking distance to their hotel. Julie was already dressed, in a bikini and already tan as hell. When Sabrina was dressed, coffee in hand, she joined Julie to see the results. 

"What are you wearing? Are those capris and a deftones t shirt? Don't forget your sunblock princess."

Even though Julie was making a joke, Sabrina knew that Julie was secretly loving Sabrina's look for vacation day number two. 

"Me? What the hell is this? Underwear? I mean, I know you go tanning like year round, but it's not a nude island here Jules."

To be funny, Julie stood up, pulled two tiny strings from her 'outfit', and let her top and bottom hit the floor simultaneously. Julie paused for a second then said, "I guess I could change, but I'm having one of those 'dress as little as humanly possible' kind of vacations."

Sabrina walked over to Julie and kissed her gently. The rush of remembering every detail about the last 36 hours made Sabrina remember that her best friend was actually now her lover. Once she was done kissing Julie, Sabrina had a late answer to a question that Julie had asked her the night before. 

"You should get your tattoo on the breast that doesn't already have a tattoo."

Julie smiled then said, "you think? I was thinking the same thing. There's a huge tattoo place six blocks from here and more into downtown Honolulu. I'll put something on that uses a little more fabric I guess. Where you getting your tattoo?"

"I think I'd like to try and get this one covered up on my back."

"Ooooo, a Hawaii tramp stamp. I like where your head is at."

Sabrina almost didn't let Julie get dressed at first. Seeing her beautifully nude body was a huge inspiration for Sabrina and her photography. She then realized that continuing the photo shoot after the tattoo was a better idea. Sabrina already had a hundred pictures or more, but her motto was 'you can never have enough material from a stellar photo shoot'.

Julie slipped into a yellow tank top and brown shorts, with no bra. It was better than the bikini, but not much. Sabrina figured, as long as Julie's vagina wasn't hanging out, then the world could adjust to a nipple or two. Sabrina stayed in her attire knowing that if she had changed, she'd be contending with an outrageous sunburn for the rest of the vacation. 

"Should we walk it or get an Uber? I'm kind of leaning towards the Uber, personally."

Julie's suggestion and preference sounded just fine with Sabrina who was still fairly sore after last nights fun. Even Julie was wiped out and said she may need eight to twelve hours of a sex free environment to be ready for the next round of kinky sex with Sabrina. 

"Yes, definitely Uber. In fact, we should just rent a car. I think I like the idea of driving through this beautiful place at some point this vacation."

"We could plan a picnic to have somewhere on the countryside. Nice idea Bree."

The best part about the location of the girls' hotel was that absolutely anything they might want, was within a block or two of them. Case in point, in only thirty minutes from the time they decided to rent a car, they had a car. It wasn't topless or a convertible, but it was much better than walking all over Honolulu for their entire weekend. Sabrina's six figures a year was a really big help as well. 

It was nearly 1 pm when the girls arrived at 'Island Tattoo and Piercings'. Sabrina was just beginning to try and back out of it as they walked into their first day two vacation destination. 

"Maybe a cover-up is a bit more than I really want. I mean, it would need to be a pretty big tattoo to cover the old tattoo."

"Please don't chicken out. You've gotten three tattoos in the past so you should be over the whole pain thing of getting a tattoo. Just do it, you'll feel awesome after it's done, I promise."

"Oh God, how many times have you said that to me in the past? One hundred, two hundred times?"

"And I'm usually right."

"You're never right Jules."

"That might be true, but you're forgetting the most important part about this. I've been given the green flag to get you to do one thing per day on this vacation. Remember?"

"Damnit, ok let's get this over with then."

Inside of 'Island Tattoos' were aquariums of all types which made Julie comment about the incredible overuse of them. Nearly every business in Honolulu was littered with aquariums inside. The only exceptional use of an indoor aquarium was in the restaurant Sabrina and Julie ate at the day before.

"I mean, aquariums are cool and all, but I really don't need to see one in EVERY single place we go. And this is a tattoo parlor, so why the hell do I need to be surrounded by these fuckers in here?"

Sabrina wasn't sure where this rant from Julie was coming from, but she did have a point. 

"Go ahead and get yours first, I feel like asking someone about this whole aquarium thing. Yours will take longer than mine anyway. I only have so much empty space on THIS CANVAS"

Julie rubbed her hands down her chest then grabbed both of her breasts when she emphasized 'this canvas', when she had said it. Sabrina laughed, and since know one was around or looking, she took a few steps towards Julie.

Sabrina grabbed Julie's breasts, squeezed them really hard, then said, "there's plenty of room on this sexy canvas for tattoos. What about right here?"

Sabrina cupped Julie's vagina through her shorts then squeezed that too, harshly. Julie was caught so offguard by this public display of affection, she could only stand still, and enjoy it. After being groped for a few seconds, Julie noticed a very tall, dark, and handsome tattoo artist walking towards her. 

When Julie saw him, she whispered to Sabrina, "ummmm, as much as I love that grip on my pussy, there's a man about twenty feet away and heading this way."

Sabrina didn't move her hand anywhere, but instead, tightened her grip a little on Julies vagina. Julie was shocked for a second time in thirty seconds by Sabrina. Apparently, Sabrina was an entirely different kind of animal altogether, in Hawaii. 

Sabrina replied with an even quieter whisper and said, "interesting. I wonder just how well that man would hold onto your breast, if he were tattooing it."

Julie couldn't help herself from becoming extremely turned on by Sabrina's antics. Julie could feel the very familiar sensation of her clitoris beginning to tingle which made it difficult to speak to the man at first. 

"Good afternoon my lovelies. Are we here for tattoos, piercings, or both?"

Sabrina, who couldn't be seen grabbing Julie, let go of Julie's vagina then turned around to join in the conversation. 

"Hi, my name is Bree and this is my sex toy, Jules. I'm sure you get this all the time, but we're on vacation and would like tattoos of the Hawaiian islands."

Julie's eyes looked like they had popped out of her head when she was referred to as Sabrina's sex toy. Sabrina was definitely in rare form since she got off the plane at the airport. Nothing her girlfriend was doing or saying made Julie uncomfortable, just a little surprised. 

"Excellent. We have the perfect size for any and all body parts. We can even get you both started right away so let's step into my office and hash out the fine details. My name is Chris by the way and all sex toys definitely get a 10% discount in my place."

Julie blushed, then said, "technically, we're both each others' sex toys, but we can discuss that too in your office Chris."

Sabrina winked at Chris, just to be bad, but Chris was now wondering if they were looking to add a third sex toy into the mix. Just to play it safe though, Chris decided to not come right out with it. Being a little too forward was an excellent way to scare the two girls off, forever. 

"Sounds like we have a lot to discuss this afternoon. Lucky for me, eh?"

Chris's office was simply his little section of the parlor that had his tattoo chair and a stack of comic books that was two feet tall. When Sabrina was the first to spot the 'office', she turned around and gave Julie a silent laugh, but Julie was not so subtle. 

"What the hell kind of office is this Chris? I have closets bigger than this."

"I apologize for the joke. I tell everyone it's my office and i get a cheap laugh from it, usually."

Julie said, "actually, that is kind of funny."

Sabrina decided to add a little joke herself. "That's a shame Chris, we can't have a three way out in the open."

Julie added, "well, we could actually. Don't you remember last night, this morning, and the parking lot a half hour ago?"

Chris sat down with a look of complete disappointment on his face. That didn't last long before he caught on to the 'parking lot comment'. Now his disappointment turned into extreme curiosity and wonder. Good thing for Chris, he was as smooth as shit when it came to any and every girl he's ever talked to. 

"The parking lot?! I was just out there smoking a blunt. If I had seen you ladies.....sex toying each other, pretty sure I'd come over and introduce myself."

Both girls were all ears now. At the mention of the blunt, they had the exact same thought at the exact same time; this guy could be very useful. And at the mention of joining the girls sex toying scenario, Sabrina and Julie were sold. They needed to fuck Chris, together. 

"Let me see yours again Jules."

Chris was very proud of his work on Julie's Hawaii tattoo. Sabrina's tattoo was very good, but Julie's was a stunning work of art. Not to mention how perfect the position was on Julie's breast. 

Julie replied, "oh, if I must."

Just before Julie popped her breast back out for the third time, one of the other tattoo artists yelled for Chris. He tried ignoring it at first, but whoever was yelling, was persistent. 

Chris yelled back into the general area of the back, "just wait for the love of God. This is my favorite part."

Julie gave Chris a very devilish look just before showing everyone her breast, again. The tattoo was only seven by three inches big, but the coloring was what made it stellar. Beautiful bright greens with just a little red, orange, and purple. Even the word 'Hawaii' was gorgeous. Yes, Chris was an extremely talented tattoo artist. 

Chris nodded his head in approval when he saw his finished work one more time before the girls left the shop. Chris was all work while doing Julie's tattoo, but now, he was more interested in potentiality getting some drinks with the girls later. Sabrina was no dummy. She knew the whole time that Julie's breast was held by Chris, that he wanted the girls to make a Chris sandwich out of him. 

So just before Sabrina and Julie left to show off their new tattoos, Sabrina asked Chris a fairly forward kind of question, in front of everyone in the shop. 

"So Chris, thank you so much for doing so well and maybe you'd like to give me your number. You know, just in case my lover and I are interested in adding a new sex toy into our twice daily fun."

Julie laughed then rolled her eyes directly at Chris then said, "considering we've only had sex together less than five times in our lives, one on one, I'm curious as to where twice daily came from."

Chris laughed, then said, "sounds like fun, but throwing me directly into the wolves might not end well for me. How about a drink later this evening? I get off at nine."

Neither girl could resist such an obvious lead into a great sex joke. At the exact same time, they both said to Chris, "so do we."

Every one of Chris's co-workers stood with shocked expressions as they listened to Chris essentially being invited to a threesome. Not just a threesome though, a threesome with two hot as hell freshly tatted lesbian lovers. Even the female workers were amazed at the events that were unfolding before them. 

Chris was now aware that the entire shop was at a stand still. He looked around at everyone then yelled out, "play time is over guys, back to work."

Chris received a collective sound of disappointment from everyone before they resumed tattooing tourists. Chris turned back around to face the girls and hand out his phone number to Sabrina. 
