 I'm Jen. I'm 23 and I've just started my second year of teaching primary school. I love my job and I'm so grateful to be working with children. 

Not only that, but some of their parents are hot! Especially this year...wow. There's one mum called Sadie who ALL the dad's love. They try to hide it, but whenever they see her they can't get their words out and they struggle to keep it in their pants. 

I don't blame them. She's absolutely stunning! She has piercing green eyes, long wavy chocolate brown hair and a perfectly sculptured hour glass figure that she by no means hides. Her son, Michael often tells me how she rushes straight from working as a lawyer to pick him up. 

She is always wearing tight shirts that's buttons are straining against her beautiful DDs and long but curve hugging pencil skirts. She really is mesmerising. But obviously....as her sons teacher...I can't think that! Besides, I'm engaged and getting married next year to my soul mate! I love him to pieces. 

Anyway, Monday after school Sadie is one of the last to come and pick up from my class...usually she just says a quick hello and scurries off with Michael, but today was different. This time she asked if she could have a quick word. She lent in so I could smell her musky scent and see down her incredible cleavage (I probably looked for a few seconds too long) and told me that she would like to book in a meeting for tomorrow at 6pm to discuss some changes in their family life at home that could be effecting Michael's school work. 

I stuttered for a moment, but then professionally agreed and pencilled it into my diary. Wow, I thought. I get to spend some one on one time with Mrs James. Naughty scenarios entered my head for a minute or two until I stopped myself and regained my composure! 

What was I doing?! Thinking of a child's parent like that? What would she think of me...having these thoughts when she is coming in concerned about her son's wellbeing. I finished off my marking and went home. 

The next day I got up a little earlier than usual to check what was in my wardrobe. Normally I'd just go for hair up, black trousers and some sort of jumper for work. But this after school meeting was playing in the back of my mind. 

Instead, I decided to go for a high neck black jumper and mustard mini skirt with thick black tights. It was quite a figure hugging outfit but was acceptable enough to wear to work. I also decided to wear my mousy brown straight long locks down for a change. I also put on a bit of shimmery eyeshadow to compliment my warm hazel eyes and some mascara to accentuate my long curly lashes. 

I looked at myself in the mirror and only hoped that I looked this good come 6 o'clock this evening. When I got to work the day dragged slowly until 3pm. I got a lot of compliments on my outfit choice today so I knew I looked nice. 

It eventually came round to 6pm. She was late. I thought she'd forgotten maybe...but then I heard the clicks of her heels from behind me. She was wearing black heels which were red underneath, a navy blue pencil skirt which had a slit down the left hand side which showed off her glossy, toned pins and a crisp white blouse with three buttons undone, perfectly exposing her cleavage. Her hair was in ringlet curls and she wore bright red lipstick. She was fucking gorgeous and made me look like a tramp. 

I must have stared for too long because she cleared her throat and smiled at me somewhat knowingly. Fuck...I thought. Quick better say something...

"Good evening Mrs James, please come through to the classroom, I'll follow on behind you" 

Thank fuck I did...watching her hips and perfectly round arse sway down the corridor made me dizzy with anticipation. Oh my god I need to stop this! We walked past the empty classrooms (almost everyone has gone home by now as it was 6pm) and past the caretaker until we got to my room. 

I offered her a seat and got my pen and notepad ready to make notes about this meeting. She sat down with her legs crossed and her skirt rode up her leg even further. Did she not want me to be able to concentrate during this meeting?! 

She began to talk about how Michael has been through a lot in the past few weeks and was struggling to say why. You could see that she was deeply sad about the situation she was in. Then she said it. 

"My husband left me for someone else..he just packed his bag and told me he'd been fucking his stupid little hoe of an assistant for the last 3 months!! What a cunt!....oh gosh, Miss Waters I'm so sorry, I don't mean to have such a foul mouth...he just angers me so much and I hate him for leaving Michael too"

I was utterly gobsmacked...one at the language she used but two at the fact that Mr James could have the audacity to leave this sexy creature?! I mean...is he blind? 

"I'm so sorry Mrs James, I really am. I can't believe it" I uttered gazing into the distance...

"I know, I'm so sorry! I really didn't mean to use such foul language....and please, call me Sadie" 

"Thank you, Sadie, but I mean I can't believe he left you! You are so beautiful..." shit! I regretted it as soon as the words came out of my mouth. 

"Oh...well thank you Miss Waters, really that's so kind of you to say. But you are the one who I think is so gorgeous" she looked deeply into my eyes, not even blinking. 

I shifted in my seat, somewhat uncomfortable but aroused by the situation I got myself into. 

"Please Sadie, call me Jen" I said smiling mischeviously. 

"Well...Jen...I have to tell you, I am so in need of a good fucking. It's been 3 months since I've felt a pair of lips over my body. I ache for it" she said...leaning in closer to me. 

My pussy pulsed with excitement and I lent forward until my face was closer to hers and I whispered in her ear "I could be the pair of lips you need".

I can't believe I said it and I was waiting for a slap around the face! I closed my eyes expectantly but instead was surprised by feeling her soft, warm lips press against mine and her tongue trying to find its way in between my lips. 

I greeted her tongue with mine and she swirled it gently but knowingly around my mouth. I couldn't help but moan at the feeling of her tongue inside my mouth and I kissed her back hard and intently. 

"You're not as innocent as you seem...are you Miss Waters?" Sadie said seductively as her hands wandered to the bottom of my top...taking it off to expose my E cup breasts.

She quickly pulled my tits out of the cups and her tongue found my nipples within seconds. God her saliva over my nipples sent me to heaven and I found myself reaching for my pussy which was getting wetter by the second. 

However, aware of the situation we were in I pushed her back and led her to my classroom cupboard where we would be less likely to get caught. She propped me up on the empty bottom shelf and spread my legs as she kissed down my neck and fondled my exposed breasts. She continued to lick and suck them as my moans grew louder and she probed her hand under my skirt trying to rub against my pussy lips. 

I then pulled my tights off to show my lacey red thong...she groaned with pleasure and lent down so that her head was level with my pussy. 

She looked up straight into my eyes and said "Jen, I am going to give you the most mind blowing orgasm you've ever had" and then she disappeared between my legs. 

She wasn't wrong. She expertly teased my cunt brushing the tips of her fingers over my swollen pussy lips and gently caressing my clit. I squirmed at her touch...begging her to lick me. She gave in and started with little licks up and down my clit making me moan...until her face was buried in my cunt and I had 3 of her perfectly manicured fingers deep inside me. I thrusted my hips against her hand....meeting every thrust she gave me and making me whimper her name. 

I couldn't believe Michael's mum was between my legs and sending me to the brink of orgasm right now. Just thinking about it tipped me over the edge and an earth shattering moan escapes my lips as my juices gushed from my cunt all over her tongue and fingers. She lapped it all up and continued to pleasure me and ride the wave until I was well and truly done. 

Then we heard footsteps...it was the caretaker starting to lock up the school. She looked at me, full of disappointment...to which I replied... 

"Don't you worry sexy Sadie....there's no way I'm done with you yet..." and I led her out to the school car park.