 Even without your direction, my intention from the first was to suck you clean.  

I kiss my way up your right leg.  Little butterfly kisses with a quick touch of the tip of my tongue every few inches or so.  Your body hot, damp with sweat, slightly salty.  My tongue tingling by the time I reach your sex.

Your lips are pulled out, long and distended.  Your odor intoxicating and strong.  Wetness covers your pussy and surrounding thighs along with the lower region of your bush.  His cum leaking out of you.

My tongue glides through the light sheen leading to your center.  I flatten it so I can lick as much of you as I can.  You raise up your hips, allowing me to more easily access all of you.  The first long lick collects the cum that had oozed out of you.  A newly familiar salty taste on my tongue.  My tongue brings it, and your juice, into my mouth so I can swallow the combined mixture.

I lick again and again.  Keeping my tongue flat to clean your folds quickly.  Each journey ending in the soft curly fur.  Your clit, hard and long, peeks out from under your hood.  My movement ensures that my tongue travels over it each time.  Knowing that it is not what you like best but wanting to delay that for now.

Feeling your digits weave along my scalp, a gentle pressure that guides my mouth back to your wet center.  I slide my tongue into you now.  Quickly its coated with the cum that fills you.  I bring my fingers up to open you as I work my oral muscle in you.   Drawing out his cum with it, sucking and swallowing repeatedly.  Your fingers pull me in tighter and I know that you are pleased by this slow but methodical cleansing.

As I work, my nose brushes the erect nub of your clit.  No, not a nub.  Its much larger than that.  And knowing that it awaits me adds to my growing lust.

I continue to suck you clean.  Forcing my tongue to its extremity inside you, wanting all that you have but finding less and less salty goo.  Thinking that it is almost time.

"Ok baby, you can do it now."

I pull my face back and up.  Smiling at you with both lips and eyes.  Your eyes flashing as you see the shine covering my face.  I keep my focus on your eyes, open mouth finding your clit at the same time.  

My lips surround it.  With an increasing suction, I suck on it.  So long and hard.  Engorged with blood and lust.  I make a sound of contentment as I settle my mouth on it.  Moving my head up and down, the way you like it.  Sucked on like a cock.  My lips gripping it, tongue caressing it.  Sucking all the while.

Doing this to you never fails to drive my wantonness to a higher level and I start to vocalize as I pleasure your clit.  Loud humming sounds, knowing the vibrations will send you little shivers as they pass from my lips to your clit.  Then sucking loud, wetly at you.  My mouth releasing so I can talk dirty to you.

"Mmmmmm, please feed me your big girl-cock."

"Its so hard and throbbing in my mouth."

"Please fuck my face with it.   You know how I love when you do that."

I rub my face from side to side over you wetness.  Feeling the raised finger of your womanhood on my cheeks as I do.

Licking and sucking again at it.

"Does he know how you fuck me with this?"

"Stabbing at my clit with it."

"How I scream out your name when I cum."

My hair is almost ripped out in clumps, as you position my mouth where you want it.  Your hips pumping up and down.  My lips around your clit.  A hissed, "Suck me now!!!!"  Tasting blood as my lips are smashed against my teeth by your pelvis.  All your actions now intent upon fucking my mouth with your clit.  

Thrusting up, over and over.  Hips raising me up, hands pulling me down.  Face fucking your bitch, using her mouth for your pleasure.  My mind swimming in the knowledge that I am your bitch.

Then somehow I'm on my back and you above me.  

I can see your head thrown back, breasts swinging as you grind down on my face.  Rolling your hips, faster and faster.  Just as I think you might smother me, I'm flooded with wetness.  Washing over and into my mouth.  I suck greedily, forcing my mouth open so I can use my tongue.

Your body shaking on me.  The quakes strong, one after another.  Gradually, each subsequent wave tapers off until you come to a stop.  Your weight leaves me, soon to return but along the length of my body.  Covering mine with yours.  

I nuzzle my nose into your hair.  Listening to your labored breathing slowing, calming, returning to normal.  I kiss your head as I hold tight to you.

Within moments, the pace and timing of our breathing sync's up.  My heart is pounding but nowhere near the pace that your's is running.  Slowly, I feel you come down the rest of the way.  Our bodies relaxing and merging.  Fitting together.  Complete.  One.

Minutes later, I sense you are asleep in my arms.  With a smile, I kiss you tenderly and allow myself to join you in rest.  Sleep coming quickly in my happiness and contentment.