 It was Saturday night and Jill and Marcie were having a party. It started at 8:00 but as usual I was running late. I couldn’t decide what to wear but finally settled on a nice sweater I’d just bought and a pair of new jeans. A little cologne and I was ready to leave.

I was hoping that Jill and Marcie had invited some single lesbians to their party so I could flirt the night away. I decided to pick up a bottle of wine for the hostesses on my way to their house. I finally arrive and find a parking spot halfway down the block. I check myself in the mirror one last time and make my way to their apartment.

Jill answers the door and gives me a hug. She takes my coat and I hand the wine to Marcie. I chat with Marcie for a few minutes in the kitchen while she makes me a drink. I make my way out to the living room to mingle. 

There’s some wild discussion going on about toys and why lesbians like to use them. I just sit back and listen preferring to be in the background for a while. I feel someone’s eyes on me at one point and turn to find that it’s Jill. We catch eyes, she winks and turns to talk to someone next to her. 

Before I have time to digest this information, Marcie sits down beside me. 

“She looks hot tonight doesn’t she?” Marcie says.

“She definitely does but she always looks good.” I respond.

“You know, she’s not wearing any underwear tonight.” 

I almost choke on my drink. 

Marcie laughs and says, “Are you okay?”

I clear my throat, “Yeah I’m ok you just surprised me that’s all.”

She grins and says, “Did that turn you on then?”

I’m a little dumbfounded at how I should respond but finally opt for being honest.

“Of course it does, I am a horny lesbian after all.”

We both laugh and look back at Jill. She catches us staring at her and blows a kiss.

Marcie leaves me to mingle with their other guests. I go out to the balcony to get some air. I’m feeling a little bit hot after what she told me about Jill. At first I’m on the balcony alone but then Jill joins me. 

“You’re not being a party pooper are you?” She says to me.

“No, I’m not I just needed to cool off it was a little warm in there.” I respond.

“Yeah I know what you mean. I wish I could walk around naked myself.”

I can feel myself blushing as I picture her walking around naked. 

She laughs and says, “ You’re blushing Dana why’s that?”

“Let’s just say I have a very vivid imagination.” I say.

She just laughs and leaves me to go back to the guests. The cool night air is doing nothing to ease the excitement that I’m feeling so I go back inside and get another drink. The party continues for another couple of hours and then slowly the guests start leaving until just Marcie, Jill and I are left.

Marcie’s sitting on the couch and Jill comes over and sits on her straddling her legs. They start kissing and I think that’s my cue to leave. So I get up and make my way towards the door. 

“And just where do you think you’re going?” They both ask in unison.

“Well, I figure you ladies probably want some alone time so I’ll head out.”

Jill comes over to me as I’m putting on my jacket. 

She straightens my collar and puts her arms around my neck. 

“We were kind of hoping you’d join us in a private party.” She says as she leans in to kiss me.

I’m totally shocked by this yet turned on at the same time. I look over at Marcie and she’s got a big grin on her face so I assume that she’s okay with it. 

I’m speechless so instead of responding, I just take off my jacket and hand it to Jill. She smiles and offers me another drink. I eagerly accept. She makes me a drink and hands it to me. I literally finish the drink in one long swallow and hand her the glass. She puts the glass on the table and then she straddles my legs, pulls up her dress and sits on me.

“So Marcie tells me that she told you about my little secret earlier.”

I just nod.

“Did that turn you on?” She asks.

I find my voice and say, “Hell yes, that’s why I went out to the balcony earlier. I was so turned on after she told me that.”

“And just what were you picturing when I came out to the balcony?” She asks.

She’s starting to play with my hair and blowing in my ears. Then she starts kissing my neck.

“Well, I was wondering if you were wet and what it would be like to slip my hand up your dress to find out.”

“Why don’t you find out now?” She asks.

I look over at Marcie and she just winks and nods at me. So I slide my hand between her legs and I immediately feel that she is very wet. I flick her clit gently and she moans and grinds my hand. I’m suddenly feeling bold and I pull her towards me so I can kiss her. My tongue finds hers and I feel a tingling throughout my body. 

I slide a finger inside her and then a second but only for a few seconds as I just want to tease her. She moans in frustration as I pull my hand away. I move my hand to her breasts and massage them through her dress playing with her nipples. 

She suddenly pulls her dress over her head and she is now sitting in just her bra but not for long. She quickly sheds her bra too. She’s now totally naked and the earlier visions I had of her naked are now coming true. 

She kisses me again and says, “I need to pay some attention to Marcie for a few minutes. Why don’t you come and sit beside her?”

She takes my hand as I move to sit beside Marcie. She resumes her straddle position on Marcie and starts to kiss her. Marcie grabs my hand and puts it on one of Jill’s breasts as they continue to kiss. I play with Jill’s breast and nipple. I lean in to take her nipple in my mouth and see that Marcie is doing the same thing with her other breast. 

Jill is moaning and loving every minute of this. I’m getting a little bit hot so I decide to take off my shirt. Jill reaches out a hand to feel my breasts through my bra. My nipples are instantly hard. 

“Take it off.” She says.

I reach behind and unhook my bra to free my breasts. Jill breaks her kiss with Marcie and comes to sit beside me. She starts to play with my breast and then to suck on my nipple. Marcie quickly follows her lead and I’m blown away by the intensity of having both breasts played with and sucked on at the same time. 

Marcie suggests that we move up to the bedroom to get more comfortable. Jill and I agree and we untangle ourselves and make our way towards the bedroom. Jill flops in the middle of the bed and Marcie and I lie on either side of her.

I start kissing Jill’s neck and ears and playing with her breasts and Marcie does the same thing on the other side of her. I play with her breast and again Marcie mimics my actions. I slide my hand down Jill’s body to her pussy. I tease her clit with my finger and I feel Marcie’s hand doing the same thing. Jill’s loving every minute of the attention that we’re lavishing on her as she’s moaning and playing with our hair. 

After a few minutes, Marcie gets up off the bed and comes over to my side of the bed. She motions for us to shift over so I end up in the middle of the bed. She then proceeds to take off my pants and underwear. 

They both start sucking on my breasts. I then feel two sets of fingers on my clits and sliding inside me. I’m extremely wet now and I’m moaning and writhing on the bed. After a few minutes of playing with me, Jill follows Marcie’s lead and makes her way over to Marcie’s side of the bed. Marcie moves to the middle of the bed and Jill and I help her undress. We’re finally all naked. 

We start working on Marcie by playing with her breasts, kissing her and playing with her pussy. We’re all getting very hot and I think Marcie has an idea for the three of us. She tells me to get in the middle of the bed again as she goes to get something. I’m assuming it’s a toy. Jill and I keep busy until Marcie returns. She’s put on the strap on and she makes her way towards the bed. She tells Jill to straddle my face and I can’t believe that Marcie has read my mind. 

Jill does as she’s told and I eagerly start to lick and suck her clit and pussy. I feel Marcie positioning the strap on and then I feel her slowly easing into me. It feels so good and I moan my appreciation. Marcie starts to slowly fuck me and then she gets a good rhythm going. Jill is moaning as I slip my tongue inside her and start fucking her with my tongue. I move back to her clit and I can tell that she’s going to climax very soon. I’m getting close myself as Marcie continues to fuck me.

“Fuck me hard.” I tell her.

She responds immediately by pounding into me even harder. Jill’s moaning very loudly now and I can tell that she’s climaxing. This makes me even hotter as I continue to lick and suck and lap at her juices. I feel my orgasm building to a peak. Marcie is pounding wildly into me now. My orgasm overtakes me and I moan into Jill’s pussy. 

Jill rolls off me and onto the bed. Marcie slowly pulls out of me but she’s not done with me yet. She slides between my legs and I feel her tongue on my clit. Her tongue feels great as she slides it up and down my pussy and inside me. She pays more attention to my clit though and within no time I feel another orgasm overtake me. 

Jill goes to get some drinks as we’ve all worked up quite a thirst. In the meantime, I start playing with Marcie. I start playing with her clit and sliding two fingers in and out of her. Then I start licking and sucking her clit while fucking her with my fingers. She’s moaning now and grinding into my face and grabbing my hair. Jill comes back into the room just as Marcie starts to climax. I keep licking and sucking until she begs me to stop. 

I reach for the drink that Jill’s holding for me. I finish it in one long gulp. Jill joins us again on the bed.

“Watching you two got me all hot again.” She says.

Marcie starts playing with Jill and I sit back and watch. It’s going to be a long night but one that I’m more than willing to participate in. This is something that I’ve wanted to experience for quite some time and I’m not willing to let the night end just yet.