 My name is Melissa. I am considered my many to be an attractive 49 year-old professional woman in the medical field. I have always been very conscious about my health and appearance. I eat right and I exercise three times a week and have been doing so all of my life. I am 5' 7" and I weigh 125 pounds. I have amber eyes, salt and pepper shoulder-length hair and my measurements are 36-28-36.

I've been happily married for 30 years, have two children and five grandchildren so my life is great and until recently I would have said that nothing was missing. However, two months ago something completely unexpected happened that changed my life and my marriage for ever and left me wondering what, if anything, I desired.

Once a month I volunteer for work the Women's Health Clinic in the impoverish part of town. Having been raised in the poor part of town myself and given the opportunity to seek an education I feel a duty to help women who cannot afford medical care.

On a particular Saturday I was about to leave the clinic at the end of day when my nurse asked if I could see a young woman who had walked in late and seemed like she really needed to see a physician. I agreed and had the nurse place her in one of the rooms while I made a few follow-up phone calls.

Since it was closing time all the staff had begun to leave, which is not unusual when quitting time comes around nurse leave like rats leaving a sinking ship. Because the patient was a female there was no need for my nurse to stay and she too left. That left me, the patient and the security guard who was busy securing the rest of the building and escorting female employees to the parking lot. 

I walked into the room and was surprised to be met by a rather attractive young woman quietly sitting on the examining table. She was 5' 3" tall, and weighed 112 pounds. She had shoulder length black hair and brown eyes. Her skin was the color of mocha and her breasts were small but perky. She wore a white blouse and a black skirt which I assumed was some kind of uniform along with black medium heel shoes.

Through routine questioning I found out that she was a single 25 year-old who just recently had become sexually active. As I questioned her I noticed that she was reluctant to answer my questions and I assured her that she could talk to me as I was not only a physician, but a woman and there was nothing that she could tell me that I wouldn't understand. We spoke about for a while about nothing at all and she seemed a little more at ease. I finally asked her what had brought her to the clinic and after a little more prodding the confessed that she had lost her virginity to her boyfriend the day before and that it had been a very painful experience. She told me that she was still having pain and decided to come into the clinic.

I told her that I would have to perform a pelvic examination on her and had her get undressed and put on a patient gown. She lay on the table with her legs on the stirrups and was met with a rather small vagina with well manicured short pubic hair.

The first thing I noticed was signs of slight trauma around her labia and inside her vaginal walls. This prompted me to ask her if she had been raped, which she denied. She told me that her boyfriend had been rough and had hurt her. 

I then continued my examination and was appalled to discover a condom deep inside her vagina wrapped around her cervix! I removed the condom, made sure that she had no lacerations and just to make sure, treated her with a medical douche. I also prescribed a course of antibiotics just to make sure. 

I felt the need to talk to this young and inexperienced girl/woman and spent extra time explaining to her about sex, foreplay and meaningful and healthy relationships. I told her that based on what I had seen I didn't think that her current boyfriend was a very considerate lover unless he too was young and inexperienced. She confided that her so-called boyfriend was a married 35 year-old! Alarms when off in my head and I told her that she need not continue to see this man. She agreed with me and said that she would not see him anymore.

I was about finished when she asked me what an orgasm felt like and if she as supposed to have one when she had sex.

I couldn't believe how naïve this 25 year-old was in this day and age, but I had long discovered in my practice not to make judgments. 

I professionally told her that an orgasm was a very pleasurable climax that women experienced when sexually aroused. I then asked her if she had ever experienced an orgasm and she answered softly, "No."

I then asked if she had ever explored her own body, including her breasts and vagina and she told me that she had been raised in a very strict religious and over-crowded home where her parents beat it into her that anything sexually was not discussed. She also added that she had never seen her own vagina!

I secured a diagram and showed her the anatomy of her vagina; her clitoris, vulva, labia, urethra, vaginal opening, etc. I explained that her clitoris is the organ where pleasure is derived and that once aroused secretions were created which lubricated the area and prepared her for intimacy. 

She looked as if all this was new to her so I asked her if her boyfriend had taken the time to arouse her. I already knew based on the injuries I saw that he had not.

She asked me if I could show her how to arouse herself and although the question was very unusual I took her hand and placed it on her clit and told her to move it around and to do whatever it felt good. She hesitated so I took her hand and moved it around her vagina for her. It wasn't long before her clitoris became engorged, her labia swollen and her secretions began to glow. I asked her if it felt good and she almost whispered "yes".

However, I too was finding the situation rather erotic and surprisingly discovered my own pussy becoming quite wet. Concerned that I would cross a very strict and professional line between physician and patient I completed the examination and recommended that she further discover her own body as well as seek more information regarding sex and her own body. She got dressed and left feeling a lot better.

On my way home I kept thinking about the incident and how excited I had become while answering this woman's questions and showing her the fundamentals of self-arousal. By the time I arrived home I was in quite horny and dripping wet, something that both confused me and excited me at the same time. Except for a very brief encounter with a female cousin when I was young, I'd never had sex with another woman or found myself attracted to them. I the 30 years that I've been practicing medicine I've seen thousands of women and not once had I been attracted or sexually aroused by them. And yet, the encounter with this young attractive woman and the naïveté she proclaimed had my head spinning and my pussy throbbing.

As I walked into the house I found my husband in the kitchen about to have a beer. I grabbed him by the hand and pulled him with me to the bedroom where I lay on the bed, raised by skirt and told him to eat me!

My husband, who doesn't need any encouragement when it comes to sex, eagerly knelt in front of me and deeply inhaled my pussy's excited scent. He then gently nibbled on my clit through my cum soaked panties while he played with my breasts. 

"Stop teasing me please!" I hissed

"What's gotten into you?" he asked.

"I'll tell you later, right now please just eat me!" I demanded.

My husband pulled my panties aside and began to suck on my clit the way I like him to. He then inserted two fingers into my wet gapping hole and before he could pump them into me, I came with such a powerful orgasm that I thought I'd pass out. 

When I recovered I tore his clothes off of him and pulled his manhood into my waiting mouth. I had never been too keen on giving head, but this afternoon I was so damn hot by what had happened at the clinic that I didn't care.

I sucked his cock with all the might and the pleasure I could muster. I relaxed my throat to control my gag reflex and I took all of him into my throat. Not being used to this treatment my husband began to shake.

"Oh shit honey, if you keep that up I'm going to cum in your mouth", he warned me knowing that it was something I'd never let him do before. I didn't answer except to place my hands on his buttocks and push him further into me.

"Oh shit honey, I'm cummmmmin" he yelled as he shot his load deep in my throat. Whereas before I would have gagged, coughed and chew his ass for doing so, this time I was so damn hot that not only I didn't care, but I swallowed almost every drop of cum he had to offer. Even after he was done cumin I would not stop sucking. I didn't want to let him go soft as I needed that big cock deep into my fucking pussy.

"That was fucking great honey, shit" was his reply to my unusual behavior.

"Fuck me, fuck me now baby. Stick that dick deep into this pussy" I almost begged him.

With that he turned me around on all fours by the edge of the bed and without any consideration plunged his 8 inch cock deep into my pussy.

"Aaaah, shit, that feels so fucking goooood" I screamed.

"Fuck me, fuck me hard baby. Take that fucking pussy, it's yours baby" I continued to yell at him while he pounded my pussy hard like he knew I liked it.

"Oh fuck baby, I'm gonna cum again. I'm gonna cum in your fucking pussy baby"

"Oh yeah, give it to me baby, fill me up"

"Take it, take it baby!!! Take my cum in your pussyyyyy" he screeched.

"Oh shit, yeah, fuck yeah baby fill me up", I yelled as the feeling of his hot cum in my pussy made me cum again and again.

Exhausted we fell on the bed as his cock slowly went soft inside of me and popped out; cum running down in between my thighs.

Later than evening over dinner I told my husband what had happened at the clinic. I confessed that while I had never consider myself a lesbian, the sight and smell of that patient along with the circumstances had gotten me hotter than I've been in a long time.

My husband said that he too was shocked but that he was excited at the prospect of me discovering a bi-sexual side. I was worried about how this entire episode would affect our happy marriage and after talking about it for awhile he assured me that everything was fine. He told me that all men secretly have a yearning to see their wives with another woman. He said that he couldn't explain it but that men found the thought and the site exciting. He gave me the "go-ahead" to further discover my sexuality if the opportunity ever presented itself. With that he gently kissed me and whispered, "I love you honey, all of you. And it doesn't matter to me if you discover that you're bi or not. As long as you don't leave me", he joked. I professed my love for him and told him that that would never happen.

Months went by and I hoped that the woman would return for a follow-up but she didn't, which in retrospect was just fine with me as I knew that another encounter would violate any and all professional ethical standards. Eventually I moved on but the memory of the incident remained with me and would get me horny and wet every time I recalled it. I found myself looking at my attractive female patients in a new and excited way. 

Months later my husband and I made plans to go on a camping trip to Pismo Beach with another couple friends of ours. I knew that we would be wearing swimsuits and I decided that I was in need of a bikini wax so I made an appointment at a rather plush Spa near my home.

I arrived at my appointment and was greeted by a beautiful and friendly blonde at the desk who escorted me to a very nice room with scented candles and soft music and made sure that I was comfortable while I waited for Stephanie, the girl who would take care of me.

I disrobed as instructed and had put on a very comfortable robe provided by the Spa. I then lay on top of the massage table-I had upgraded my package to include a massage. After all I'm worth it-and settled down to wait for Stephanie who was obviously running late.

About 10 minutes later this effervescent woman of about 35 entered the room apologizing up a storm for keeping me waiting. She too was blonde, slender and golden brown-obviously a sun worshipper. I was immediately attracted to her and told her not to worry, that I was enjoying the candles and the soft music and was in no hurry.

"I've made plans to indulge myself and enjoy every minute of it so I'm not in hurry so take your time sweetie", I said in as friendly a tone as I could muster.

"Then you've come to the right place", replied Stephanie with a smile on her face.

"May I remove your robe?" she asked.

"Sure" I said as I got up and had her remove the robe. I was left standing completely nude in front of this strange but sexy woman.

"Wow, you must work out a lot, you have a great body" said Stephanie.

"Well thank you dear. You too must not be a stranger to the gym" I said as I checked out her young body. 

"Yeah, I try to work out a couple of times a week. I'm not getting any younger and I intend to fight it all the way", she said as I lay back on the soft table.

"Well lay-down and we'll get started ok? Would you like a soft massage or a deep one?" Stephanie asked.

"A soft one I think. I just want to relax and enjoy it", I said with a hint of teasing in my voice.

"Okay" Stephanie said as she began to apply oil all over my back and shoulders.

As I lay there taking in all the warm and erotic sensations of Stephanie's hands all over my back and shoulders, my mind wondered back to that patient who had opened the door to all these sexual urges I was now experiencing.

Stephanie was massaging my back from my shoulders down and while I had my eyes closed I could sense that she was standing by my where my head was. I opened my eyes only to find that Stephanie's crotch was leveled with my face and only inches away. I stared at the crotch of her white shorts and admired her sun tanned muscular legs while trying to imagine her pussy behind the shorts. I concentrated on her pussy only inches away from me and I swear that I could smell her musky and powerful scent.

As I looked at that wonderful sight I softly moaned from time to time to let Stephanie know that I appreciated her ministrations. Every so slowly Stephanie's hands moved lower and lower on my back until she was practically touching my buttocks.

I continued admiring her crotch when I noticed the unmistakable but subtle wet spot of arousal on her shorts. Hoping that this would evolve into a sensual situation where I could allow things to progress without breaking any professional boundaries, I exaggerated my soft moans to further encourage Stephanie.

The time came when Stephanie had to adjust her position to massage my buttocks and legs and while I was sorry to not have her crotch so close to my face anymore, I was more than thrilled by the proximity of her hands to my pussy lips as she massaged the inside of my thighs.

Once again I intensified my moans and noticed that as I did, Stephanie's hands would go closer and closer to my pussy while lingering there just slightly longer than perhaps necessary.

I spread my legs and slightly pushed my ass up in the air hoping that Stephanie would take the hint. I was disappointed that she didn't and moved down my legs instead. 

While the massage of my legs was pleasant, my pussy was burning with desire and aching for Stephanie to touch it. I was aroused and I knew that my labia was showing it. My clit was engorged with blood as were my pussy lips and I was sure that there was plenty of juice pouring out of me. No way could Stephanie not see what she was doing to me.

After about 10 minutes Stephanie slowly moved up my legs and once again she was only inches from my aching and by now very juicy twat. Once again I spread my legs, this time just a little wider, and hunched my pelvis upwards just in case she wanted better access.

This time it worked. Ever so slightly I felt one of her fingers rub my pussy lips and a sensual grunt escaped my lips. Stephanie kept doing this from time to time and each time her fingers would loiter a little longer and go a little deeper until she tip of one of her fingers entered my well lubricated pussy. 

I felt electricity run all over my body and I lost all control and composure. I opened my legs wide and gasped at the sensation of her touch.

There was not more denying it; no more games. It was out in the open and I loved it. Stephanie was finger fucking me with two fingers inside me and I was bucking and writhing like a bronco. 

It wasn't long before I was cumin with the force of a hurricane and lubricating Stephanie's hand with my pussy juice.

As I fell exhausted on the table I said;

"You can't imagine how much I wanted you to do that". 

"I wanted it too, but I have to be very careful and subtle because I could get in a lot of trouble." 

"Oh I know, trust me I know", I said remembering how much I wanted to continue playing with my patient's pussy but afraid of crossing a line that cannot be crossed.

"Are you ready for your bikini wax now?" asked Stephanie. I was somewhat disappointed as I thought that the fun was now over, but soon I would know I was wrong.

As I sat at the special chair which resembles the examination table at my clinic, Stephanie sat in front of me and instead of applying the wax, buried her face into my pussy.

I thought I would die from pleasure. Never had I felt such a sensation in my pussy as Stephanie's tongue lapped, nibbled and sucked all the right places. My husband is an excellent pussy eater for sure, but he could not match Stephanie's instincts on how to eat a woman.

I can't remember how many times I came while Stephanie sucked my clit and finger fucked me. It was difficult to remain quiet and not betray to others what was going on.

Stephanie moved over to my breasts and softly massaged them while licking my very sensitive nipples. I mustered the courage to slip my fingers into her shorts and was pleased to discover that Stephanie was not only completely smooth but wasn't wearing any underwear. She was dripping wet too and I easily inserted two fingers into her pussy. I then brought my fingers to my lips and for the first time in my life I tasted the juice of another woman's pussy. I found the taste delicious; a combination of tartness and musky scent that was very provoking. I wondered how I had not noticed this before, but was very glad to have this new world open to me like this.

Stephanie moaned as I once again slipped my fingers into her and began finger fucking her as hard and as fast as I could. 

Stephanie moaned and collapsed into my naked chest as I continued to fuck her. I wanted her to cum. I wanted to bring pleasure to this sexy woman and have her passion juice all over my hands.

It wasn't long before Stephanie was close to climaxing into my hands.

"Oh yeah, just like that, I'm going to cum", softly whispered Stephanie.

"I want you to cum. Cum all over my hands sweetie, cum for me please", I begged.

"Oh, oh, oh..." moaned Stephanie as a powerful climax raked her body.

I was so pleased and sexually aroused to know that I was responsible for bringing another woman to orgasm and totally ecstatic to lap her pussy juice from my hand.

"Can I eat you too?" I asked Stephanie.

"Oh trust me I want you to, but I think we better finish before we get caught. The room is booked for the next customer.

"Well can I see you again?" I asked anxiously.

"Oh hell yes. Here is my card with my home number and cell. Give me a call and we'll get together for lunch" she said as she winked at me.

Stephanie finished the job, cleaned me up with a moist warm towel and gave me a passionate kiss on the lips as I was about to leave. I found myself returning the kiss as our tongues explored each other's lips, tongues, mouths. I squeezed her buttocks and brought her into me and wished I could've continued to explore her body. But it was time to leave so we said goodbye. I promised her that I would call her as soon as I got back from my trip and she said she was looking forward to.
