 Patricia and Sandra:

A Love Story

Note: The Literotica Annual Winter Holidays contest 2016 , so please vote! Thank You!

Everyone in the story is over 18 years of age.

This is a slow developing story, so don't expect sex in the first paragraph! Actually, I wrote this as a love story, so there isn't much sex in the story at all.

Chapter 1

This is the story of one really happy family, well eventually happy family. My name is Patricia and I am a lesbian. I am what some women refer to as a "Gold Star Lesbian". Meaning I have never had sex with a man. In fact, other than my deceased father, I have never even kissed a man. Even then it was only a chaste kiss on the cheeks. Sure, when I was a very little girl, I kissed my Daddy on the lips, but that came to an end the older I got. The one thing that never did change was that until the day my mother passed away, I continued to kiss her on the lips.

Early on in my life, I realized that I really enjoyed kissing girls. I thought I was very weird because none of the girls that I knew ever talked about kissing girls except the random insult thrown at girls acting different than was expected of them. So "dyke comments" and peer pressure were the deciding factors in hiding my desires from my friends and family. And now as an 18 year old "never been kissed" virgin lesbian, I was graduating from high school.

As I mentioned earlier, my parents have both passed away. But that did not happen until just a few months ago, shortly after graduation. My mother had suffered with a long term illness, and lost her battle one month to the day after I graduated. Of course my Dad was devastated. Mom was the love of his life, in fact he would always refer to Mom as the center of his entire universe. With a love like that, it was really no surprise when he told me one day that he loved me more than anything else, but he really wanted to go where Mom was. The following day, I came home and he had done just that. He had gone to wherever Mom was. Doctor did a complete examination and determined the cause to be "natural cause of death". I on the other hand, knew that Dad had died of a broken heart.

I was the only child so it was up to me to handle everything. For a young lady trying to get ready to go to college and all the preparation that entails, the last thing I needed was the added stress of burying Dad and all the legal hassles involved with that. I was the prime example of what many call "a basket case". I was so emotionally wound that I came very close to just forgetting about college.

Something had to give, and that was the easiest headache to dispose of. I made the decision to put college on hold for a while, if not permanently. I finally took care of all the legalities involved with my Dad's passing, with the exception of the reading of his will. Unknown to me dad, had made sure that "his little girl" (as I got older I absolutely HATED hearing him call me that Although now I would give anything to hear it just one more time.) was well taken care of. So much so, that I could live a very long and leisurely life, and never have to work, or continue my education.

That being said, I had way to much respect for my dad and I knew that I would honor his desire to see me continue my education. After the dust settled, I began to try to revive my slowly eroding dreams of attending college. As I did not want to put too much stress back in my life to soon, I decided to just take care of the basic requirements needed for a Bachelor's Degree. I could decide on a major later on. I was lucky in that, even though it was getting late into the summer, I was still able to get accepted to the local community college about 20 miles from my house. That allowed me to live in my old house and attend courses. You'll notice that I called it "my house" as opposed to "my home". There was just too much missing to call it a home.

And so it began. I was a college freshman living alone in the house I grew up in. Add to that, my "status" as not only a lesbian, but again, a "never been kissed" virgin. So it was right back in the fire for me. Stress levels were rising on an almost daily basis. I was not a "party girl", so I rarely went out to bars and even if I did, I avoided putting myself in a position that required interaction with another human being, much less if that human being turned out to be a cute girl. What was I supposed to do? Walk up to her and say "Hi, I'm a lesbian and a virgin! Do you want to do me?".

While I am sure that I could have gotten a positive reply to that scenario, it was not the way I wanted to start out in a relationship. And that is the problem. I wanted a relationship! I wanted what my Mom and Dad had. I just wanted it to be Mom and Mom for me.

Chapter 2

There I stood, on the sidewalk looking at the entrance to Fulton Community College. I walked towards the big glass double doors, wondering if I had made the right decision and what the future held for me. I am 19 and alone in the world, but if I wanted to been seen as an adult I had to act like one. I took a deep breath and walked thru the glass doors and was immediately run over by the most beautiful young woman I have ever seen in my life. She was frantic, apologizing repeatedly while trying to figure out where she was supposed to be going. The poor girl was almost in tears. Her longtime boyfriend broke up with her since she was going to college two hundred miles from him. Doing that, obviously meant that she did not love him

I grabbed her, holding her tight while she sobbed. She composed herself, apologized for what had to be the twentieth time. I felt so sorry for her, but at the same time, I had a difficult time trying to hide my giggling. Unfortunately, that only upset her even more. Finally getting her to calm down, I found that we were headed for the same classroom, and that her name was Sandra.

That was the beginning of "us", even if we did not realize it at the time. We became fast friends and wound up spending almost all our free time together. The sad part about that is that neither one of us dated, and it seemed that neither one of us noticed. We both failed to realize that it was always Patricia and Sandra wherever we went. There were never any male friends or in hindsight no female friends either. Sure there would be a group of us that would go out to eat or occasionally to a club, but any other time it was just "us".

Then it happened! It was a Saturday morning, obviously no school today, and I realized that it was halfway thru November. Next week Sandra would be going home for Thanksgiving, and would be gone for five days. Other than the fact that I lived in my house and she had a room in the dorm, we were never really apart from one another for more than a couple of hours a day. For five days, I would be alone and on the holiday no less. I WAS MISERABLE, thinking about that. ALONE!!!! But wait, why did Sandra going home to see her family bother me so much. It was only five days, and I knew she would be coming back.

As I sat in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee, I began to reflect on the time that had passed since Sandra had knocked me for loop as I entered thru those glass doors that first day. I thought about her almost in tears, how I had hugged her and comforted her that first day. It turned out that Sandra had never been away from home and she was feeling as alone as I actually was! I thought about her face, so very innocent, so beautiful. Her body, while not overly endowed was to me, spectacular. The way she made me laugh. The way she worried over me when I wasn't feeling good. I also realized that she was always taking care of me. Always wanting to know if I needed anything. The way she always had a shoulder for me to lean on if I was having a bad day.

I took another sip of coffee staring off into space. Seeing Sandra in my mind's eye. Another sip of coffee, seeing Sandra, the beautiful woman she is. Another sip of coffee, seeing Sandra, the woman I loved! Wait, what????? Where did that come from? Sandra, the woman I loved? LOVED? The cup shattered to pieces on the floor, as I realized that yes, it was Sandra, the woman I loved. And then there was absolute, completely encompassing PANIC! I could never admit that. I could never tell Sandra that I loved her. She was straight and I was so afraid of not only screwing up our friendship, but losing her from my life forever. I couldn't face the chance of losing her.

So after cleaning up the mess I made by destroying my favorite coffee cup, I decided that I would have to keep this revelation a closely guarded secret. I couldn't lose her, so I would suffer in silence. I know, how melodramatic could I possibly be? Right? Suffer in silence? But I did know that this was a topic that I could never open up for discussion with her. This would be the only secret I had kept from her, even though we had agreed to always be open and honest with each other. Her friendship was not worth the risk. I would keep my love for her to myself, so that I could keep her in my life.

Chapter 3

That is how it was for the next week and a half. I kept my feelings bottled up inside me. But like I said, it was worth it, actually SHE was worth it. Wednesday afternoon, I took her to the bus station to catch her bus home. If everything went as planned, Sandra would be safe at home by midnight tonight. Surrounded by her family and friends back home. I would be spending Thanksgiving at the house and probably have a Thanksgiving dinner at the diner near the college.

It really isn't as pathetic as it sounds. I did enjoy my dinner and I have been to the diner enough times that the folks working there knew me by name. But I did miss what I called "my only REAL friend", and was looking forward to Sunday afternoon when Sandra would return. We talked every day, and used up a good bit of data as we sent countless texts and selfies to each other. I just kept reminding myself that it would soon be Sunday afternoon.

Sunday morning, I got a really strange text from Sandra. Her text was "Headed to the bus station. Will soon be home, where I belong!" and followed by several little red hearts, which was completely out of character for her. Not sure what to make of that, I replied that I would be waiting for her at the station and have a safe trip. And with that, I was once again sitting in my kitchen drinking a cup of coffee day dreaming of Sandra and wondering exactly what it would be like to have her as a girlfriend. I even began to wonder if I should risk out friendship and admit my love for her. Once again, chickened out and decided to keep my love a closely guarded secret. Little did I know that when the bus driver set those air brakes and Sandra came off the bus that my life would change forever.

I sat there in my car and watched as the bus pulled in and parked. I heard the air brakes set and the door opened. Getting out of the car, I began looking for Sandra. One by one, all the passengers came off the bus, but no sign of Sandra. That was strange, as she had once told me that she always tried to sit in the front of the bus so she could get off quicker and not get stuck behind slow people and kids. The flow of people getting off the bus had slowed to a trickle and no sign of Sandra. I leaned in the car to grab my phone so I could check my messages to see if she missed the bus. No messages, so I turned to stand up and call her, but never had the chance to enter the first digit of her number. As I stood and turned, I was tackled and for the second time, Sandra had knocked me on my butt. And like last time, there were tears. Unlike last time, Sandra was not in panic mode, well maybe a little but for an entirely different reason. When I landed on my butt, Sandra had gone down with me. Combine that with how tightly she was holding on to me, I was having a hard time breathing and figuring out what was going on.

We were both on the ground with Sandra more or less laying on me. She was hugging me and the tears turned to full on crying. She held on tightly as if she were afraid she was going to lose me, and through the tears, she said "Patricia, I love you with all my heart and soul. It might mean losing you but I can't hold it in any longer". And with that Sandra kissed me. Not a peck on the lips, but a soul searching, we are one, kinda kiss. Talk about the shock of a lifetime! Remember me, Patricia, the never been kissed virgin??? Well, the never been kissed part went completely out the window as I returned the kiss with every bit of passion that I could muster.

Sandra finally let me get off the ground as we continued to kiss each other. It finally dawn on Sandra, that I was as much involved in the kissing as she was. While we were locked together in a passionate kiss, her eyes flew open with a look somewhere between shock and surprise, as she realized that I wasn't upset or trying to push her away. I was as tightly wrapped around her as she was around me. She pulled back from the kiss and said "please take me home".

We collected her bags, jumped in the car, and off we went. Me driving in what could be best described as "a shell shocked" manner trying to figure out what kind of drugs Sandra is using? Sandra sitting there in stunned silence, I'm guessing trying to figure out how to process my response to her overzealous "I love You" attack! I am sure that she expected me to become completely unglued, and leave her sitting on the side of the road. While I am sure she was ecstatic about my response, it left her with no plan of action. She was probably prepared to plead her case, trying to save our friendship. But now, she realized that wasn't the case, that I was at least somewhat interested and might even share her feelings.

As I drove along, she suddenly realized that I had driven past her apartment causing Sandra to remind me where she lived and she wanted to get home. She needed to shower and take care of her "personal" items. She felt dirty and grungy after her long bus ride. I told her not to worry, she could shower and freshen up at my house. I told her that obviously we had several things to discuss. That last statement, obviously caused her to become more than slightly nervous and apprehensive about where that conversation would lead.

We got to my house, unloaded her bags, and I sent Sandra off to get cleaned up and relaxed. While she was in the shower, I started her laundry, a pot of coffee, and tried desperately to figure out what I wanted to say during our upcoming discussion. I knew I had fallen in love with her, but really had no idea when that happened. She had , according to her, fallen in love with me, which surprised me because we had never done anything except the usual hug and kiss on the cheek. So, I decided to wait and see what she had to say, and hope I didn't screw it up by saying something stupid.

I heard the bathroom door open, and Sandra walked out wrapped in a towel, with a second towel wrapped around her head. I sat on the sofa with two cups of coffee, waiting for Sandra to join me. She came and sat very close to me, close enough that our knees were touching and sipped her coffee. Suddenly the words just flooded out of her mouth. It took ten minutes, but I finally got her to shut up. I did that by leaning over and kissing her, and not a peck on the lips. I kissed Sandra like it was the last kiss I would ever get. That ended all thoughts about a discussion.

I took Sandra's hand and led her to the bedroom, and pulled her up on the bed with me. I gently pushed her backwards so that she was on her back looking up at me. I could see the look of confusion in her eyes. I leaned over for another kiss as I started pulling her towel of her body. I had seen her naked many times since we met, but this, this time I was looking at her in a completely different light. I wanted her to look in my eyes and see the love that I wanted to share with her. To see that I felt the same as her, but had been too afraid to say anything.

After more kissing, I decided to take the risk, and I cupped both her breast gently massaging her nipples. I couldn't wait any longer, covering her left nipple with my mouth attempting and massaging her right nipple with my hand. I was in heaven! I don't know how many times I had fantasized about this, about pleasing her, about... Wait, I don't know what to do?? Until Sandra tackled me at the bus station, I had never even had a real kiss, and now I was going to try and please her? Sandra, sensed that something was wrong asking me why I stopped. I had tears in my eyes, when I told her that I had idea what I was supposed to be doing. I was a virgin, until she kissed me, I had never been kissed. It all came pouring out. I'm a lesbian, I am in love with her, I have never been kissed, on and on and on I rambled. Finally, she pushed her finger to my lips, told me to "shut up" and put my lips to some good use.

I smiled and returned to pleasuring her nipples with hands, tongue, and lips. I lost all control, I was kissing, fondling, touching, rubbing, kissing, fondling every inch of her I could get to. I didn't know it could feel like this and she wasn't doing anything to me, I was doing all the work. I left her breasts, kissing my way down across her stomach and focused on her belly button. I kissed and licked her belly causing her to bust out laughing, which kinda hurt my feelings! She hurriedly explained that her stomach was extremely ticklish and that I had done nothing wrong. In fact to this point I had done everything right, and she encouraged me to continue with my exploration of her body.

I spent some more times nibbling on her stomach and belly button, while I slid my hand down to her pussy. She was SOAKED! I couldn't wait any longer. I buried my face and tongue in Sandra's pussy. I was addicted and there was no way I was ever going to give this up. I licked her pussy, shoving my tongue as deep into her as I could reach. I sucked her clit into my mouth and pushed two fingers into her pussy. I lapped at her juices as if they were what gave me life. I knew that I would spend as much time as I could with my mouth and tongue lapping up her tangy juice. With my tongue buried in her pussy, my thumb stroking her clit, I looked up across her torso to her face. I was startled because her face looked like she was in pain. Her faced was scrunched up, eyes clinched tight, a look of real pain!

Suddenly her eyes flew open, as she yelled, "don't you dare stop!". Keep going, lick my pussy, EAT ME BITCH!!!. I happily obliged her, and dove back into her pussy as if my life depended on it. Licking her clit, two fingers in her pussy, and one finger just brushing over her asshole. She reached down with both hands and literally tried to pull my head inside her pussy. Sandra started convulsing, screaming and cussing. Using words I have never heard her use before. Sandra finally tensed up to the point that she was a rigid as a statue for what seemed like forever, but in fact was only a couple of minutes. The breath that she was holding rushed out of body followed by a long groan as she collapsed on the bed. I slid up to hold her and gently kissed her lips and nose. Her eyes opened for a split second, closed and she drifted off to sleep.

I finally got around to taking my clothes off, pulled the covers up over us and drifted off to sleep with her wrapped in my arms. That night I dreamed of things that I would have never thought possible. I dreamed of marriage, I dreamed of kids, I dreamed of Sandra as my wife. Then I woke up in a cold sweat, what was she dreaming of? Did she think of me like that? Now I was worried, but god, she was so beautiful laying there asleep. She said she loved me, she is naked in my bed after a night that I spent trying desperately to please her, but god she is beautiful laying there asleep.
