 Patti was eighteen and had just graduated high school and was enjoying a sleepover at a school friend's house. Patti was of medium build with brown eyes, short brown hair, small breasts, about 5 feet 6 inches., and knew for most of her life that she was a lesbian but only had a few experiences with her friends but all that was about to change quickly. Patti had managed to seduce her blonde friend and was happily licking the girl's pussy when the girl's mother walked into the room and screamed. "What the hell is going on in here?" The woman told Patti that she would have to leave. The mother was a buxom blonde named Nancy. She walked Patti to the door and stated, "Be over here at 12 noon tomorrow and we will talk about what just happened. If you are not here then I will have no choice but to tell your parents." Patti pleaded with the woman not to tell and promised to be there on time.

Nancy went to her daughters room and told her that she would have to spend a month at her grandparents home. The grandparents lived about 120 miles away so at 10 AM the following morning Nancy drove her daughter to the bus station and made sure that she got on the bus. The girl was told that her grandfather would be at the bus terminal to pick her up. Nancy then went home to take a nice hot bath and got ready for her guest.

Patti didn't sleep well that night as she worried about what kind of trouble she was in and what Nancy would say to her. Patti nervously rang the bell and was escorted in the house by the 39 year old blonde bombshell. Patti was instructed to sit across from Nancy. Nancy was on the sofa and Patti sat in an easy-chair. The woman informed the young girl that her daughter was away for a whole month so they could have some privacy. Patti was getting aroused as she looked at the sexy older woman wearing just a flimsy robe that came open and her big tits spilled out. The tell tale signs of Patti's arousal brought a smile to the woman's face and she said, "The reason that I don't have a husband is because he left when he found out that I was fooling around with other women. It turned me on when I saw how good you were eating my daughter's pussy and I thought how nice it would be to have you suck my more mature cunt. You are just dying to get between my legs aren't you girl? Have you ever been with an older woman?"

Patti offered, "No I haven't but I would love to. I have known all my life that I am attracted to other females but I'm afraid that I don't have much experience. You are so beautiful and I am getting soaked just looking at you." The woman patted the sofa next to her and asked Patti to join her. Patti did and as soon as she sat down the older woman kissed her passionately and forced her tongue in the girl's mouth. The woman put the girl's hands on her big tits and stuck a hand up Patti's skirt. Patti was in a state blissful lust and was dripping wet.

Nancy moved the girl's face to her ample breasts and commanded, "Suck my tits and don't stop until I tell you to and if you do a good job then you can feast on my hot juicy cunt." All the while Nancy was fingering Patti's purring pussy. The woman hand feed Patty her breasts to nurse on and Patti eagerly went from one to the other. When instructed to she kissed her way down to the woman's bald pussy. Just the aroma of the older woman's turned-on pussy sent pangs of desire through the girl's body. She kissed, licked,and sucked the sopping slit to several orgasms and had a couple of her own as she eagerly devoured the woman's cunt, cum, and flowing pussy juices. Nancy told her that she had done a great job and then clamped her mouth on Patti's pussy and sucked her dry.

Patti thanked Nancy and told her that she had never experienced such fulfilling sex in her life. Patti begged to be able to come over and see her again and promised to do anything that Nancy wanted her to do. Nancy smiled and said. "Don't worry baby we will be getting together quite a bit. You are a good little pussy pleaser now and soon you will be the best in town. When my daughter gets back you can take care of her girl pussy too but we must keep it separate. So don't tell her about us and I won't tell your parents. Be over here at the same time tomorrow and I will have a big surprise for you." As they kissed goodbye they could taste each others pussies and Patti felt like she was in haven on earth.

The next day Patti was early as she couldn't contain her enthusiasm. The young girl just couldn't wait to sample more of Nancy's pretty pussy and wondered what the surprise would be. Nancy invited the girl in and had her sit on the same chair, Patti was confused when she saw five other women sitting around sipping wine, she guessed that they ranged in age from 20 to 55, they were chatting and listening to music. Patti felt crushed when she thought that she would not be alone with Nancy and would not be able to eat the delicious pussy that she loved so much. Just then a black woman came from the kitchen with a serving tray and gave every one more wine. Patti was served as well but said, "I can't I'm only eighteen." The women all laughed and said that they wouldn't tell. The black woman just stood in front of Patti and watched her drink the wine. Patti couldn't help but stare at the black woman wearing the skimpiest maids outfit that she had ever seen. Patti eyed the woman's nice size but not huge black tits and then her eyes traveled down to the woman's pussy that could be seen clearly.

The black pussy was puffy, glistening, and surrounded by a lush growth of black pubic hair. The 26 year old black woman pushed her crotch into Patti's face and declared, " The word is out that you are a cunt lapping pussy slut. They tell me that you can't get enough and that you are pretty good at it. Show me what you got white girl; eat my fucking horny black cunt." Patti was pulled by the back of the head into the slushy slit. She was lost in a lusty world of pussy pleasing and didn't care how many others were in the room. All the young girl cared about was the choice chocolate cunt that she was devouring. Nothing else mattered. Patti went into a feeding frenzy and savored every drop of nectar that dripped from this luscious honey pot. The flavorful fluids were simply divine.

Patti was vaguely aware that her clothes were being removed but that didn't slow her down in the least bit. When she felt a mouth on her tits and another on her sopping pussy she only increased her assault on the sticky, mouthwatering, and total delicious chocolate cream pie. For the next two hours she ate every woman in the room and they all tasted her young pussy. When Patti went home she was so exhausted that she could hardly walk home but she never felt so content in her young life as she savored the pussy taste that was still in her mouth. She laughed out loud as she thought to herself that it was a good thing her parents weren't in the habit of kissing her when she came home. There is no way they could miss the sweet taste of pussy if they did. 

The word spread like wild fire that Patti loved eating pussy and soon she was approached by more women and girls than she could count. Some returned the favor while others just used her face to get-off on. Patti didn't care; she just loved making another female squirm and fill her mouth with pussy juice and cum. One day a big limo stopped and asked her if she was Patti. In the back of the limo was an Oriental woman by the name of Lin Wong that asked Patti if she would care to go for a ride with her. Besides the woman's stunning beauty Patti was drawn to her extremely long red fingernails. She also noticed that the uniformed driver was a woman as well. It wasn't long before they were back at Lin's spacious, upscale, and elegant home and Patti was busily worshiping the woman's pussy and whole body with her hungry mouth. For the first time Patti tasted an ass hole and she discovered that it wasn't bad at all. Patti the pussy pleaser felt herself reach a shuddering orgasm while eating the Oriental pussy surrounded by silky black pubic hair while the long fingernails scraped her back. 

After gobbling up all the sticky goo from Lin's leaking cunt Patti exclaimed, "You have the best pussy in the world and I am fascinated with your nails. I want to be just like you!"

The 34 year old Oriental woman smiled and stated, "My dear girl you can never be just like me nor should you. You should be who you were meant to be. I like you very much and can be of some assistance in your quest to improve yourself. I am going to send you to a beauty salon school where you will learn everything that you need to know. A very good friend of mine owns the best school you could ever find. You will learn about cutting and styling hair, fingernails, toe nails, waxing, and how to treat your clients. There are many women of means that help by letting advanced students work their magic on them. You must work extremely hard and do everything you are told. If you master the art as I believe that you will then I will purchase one of the finest salons for you. We will be equal partners. I do the financing and you do the work. How does that sound to you my precious little pet."

Patti hugged the woman and and said that she was so grateful and would do anything she could to show her appreciation. Lin said, "For starters you will sleep with me and my driver tonight and I will take you to your new teacher tomorrow. I know that you will enjoy two beautiful Oriental women at the same time. We will feed you our pussies for several hours so that you can have your fill but then you must get your sleep and it will be off to school with you tomorrow."

Patti worriedly stated, "But my parents expect me home tonight. What should I tell them?"

Lin sternly told her, "Tell them the truth. You are staying the night with a friend and tomorrow you start school for your new career. You will be living at the school until you graduate and are not permitted to leave the campus but you can make phone calls. Also prearranged visits are allowed so your parents will be able to stop by and see you. Now do it." 

Patti called home and then told Lin that her parents were confused, surprised, impressed, and had many questions but gave her their blessings. Patti giggled and said, "If they only knew what I am going to do now."

Lin summoned the driver and they both led Patti to a huge bedroom by her hands. The bedroom was plush like the rest of the house and Patti marveled at the gigantic round bed. The ceiling was all mirrors and that made the spacious room appear even larger. Lin told them to strip as she removed her own clothing. Patti noticed that the driver, was taller, had more girth, and was a few years older than Lin. To her astonishment Lin laid on top of the driver and they were both facing up-wards. One pussy with silky pubic hair and the other bald. Lin stated, "Don't just stand there staring at our cunts. Get your ass over here and gobble them up. In this position you can feast on both of us at once and don't have to go side to side from one cunt to the other. Come and get it girl!"

Patti did just that. With long licks she could taste both women. When reminded that there were four holes she let her tongue travel up and down licking their cunts and ass holes. Soon her tongue entered each hole and then Patti sucked them all dry. As a reward for doing such a great job both women kissed, licked, and sucked every inch of the young girl's heated body. Both women raked their long fingernails into Patti's flaming flesh and the sensations drove her wild. Patti then wanted longer nails even more so she could give the same pleasure to other women. 

The next morning Patty was dropped off at the school where she was greeted by a young receptionist about her own age and asked to see Karen Cummings. The girl made a phone call and then escorted Patti to a large office. Patti was startled when the woman stood up to greet her. The woman was close to six-foot tall, had bright red hair, long green fingernails, huge breasts, and from the slit in her skirt Patti saw that her long legs were shapely and sexy. The woman told Patti that she usually had one of the staff show the new students to their rooms but that she would do it herself this time. Patti was panting as she followed the sensuous siren to her new room. The swaying hips and bouncing buttocks were driving Patti crazy with carnal cravings as she took in the woman's wiggling walk.

Once inside the room the woman spoke and Patti was mesmerized as the woman's libidinous lips moved. Karen announced, "I showed you to your room because I want to be the first one here to fuck your face. You have three days to become acquainted with your surroundings before you have to begin your rigorous study sessions. It will be difficult but also rewarding. So let's put this time to good use. Lin tells me that you just adore eating pussy. Would you like to worship my sexy body with your mouth? I bet you are just drooling to taste my big red cunt, aren't you girl?"

As if in a trance Patti just murmured, " Yes I want to worship your sensational flesh with my mouth and tongue. There is nothing that I wouldn't do for the honor of making you cum in my slut mouth."

Karen responded, "Very well said my little slut. Now undress me and take all of your rags off. The school will provide everything you will need to wear. Now unwrap your big present little girl and eat it all up." Patti started undressing the voluptuous sex goddess with trembling hands. First the silky white blouse, then the lace bra, then the dark skirt, and then Patti nervously tugged down the lavender lace panties that matched the bra. The woman then lifted her leg and instructed the girl to get the panties,sniff them, and to leave her clad only in black stockings and high heels. The sexy woman thought about the girl's mouth on her feet so she kicked off her shoes. Patty then discarded her clothing and stood naked before the magnificent piece of womanhood. The sexy woman had her toes painted in the same green as her fingernails, her huge breasts stuck out firm with not a trace of sagging but what excited the girl the most was the sight of the woman's pussy. The lush red bush was trimmed into the shape of an arrow pointing down to her puffy, thick lips, that were visibly moist, and by now Patti was really drooling. 

Karen laid on her back in the bed and invitingly whispered, " It is plain to see that you want me bad so start with my feet and kiss me all over. After you have done that then you will nurse on my tits and kiss your way down to the burning red cunt that you crave so much. You may start now my little pet." Patti did as instructed eagerly. After sucking the toes and feet the girl kissed up the woman's leg and was overcome with the intoxicating aroma of Karen's aroused cunt. Patti found it difficult to not devour the sopping pussy flesh right then and there but summoned every ounce of will power that she possessed to continue her upward trail of licks and kisses. She lingered for awhile on the woman's neck and ears and knew that she was driving Karen insane with wanton desires. She nursed the tits and sucked on the small rubbery red nipples until Karen moaned out in sublime ecstasy. 

Then the girl kissed downward lingering briefly at her navel. Then Patti kissed the woman's thighs lovingly. She kissed and licked teasingly until Karen grabbed her hair and pushed the girl's face into her smoldering cunt and cried out. "Eat me now slut and don't stop until I tell you to stop. Lick, suck, suck, suck, yessssss. Oh god so gooooddddd. Keep sucking baby because Ms. Cummings has much more cum for her fantastic pussy licker. You are the greatessssttt. Yessssssss!" Even when Ms. Cummings passed out Patti kept sucking and licking her flooding pussy and never wanted to stop. She enjoyed sucking the juices and cum from the woman's ass hole. Patti finally drifted off to sleep with her face resting between Karen's shapely legs.

Patti spent the next two days visiting classes, meeting teachers, fellow students, and mostly finding out where everything was. Over the next 6 months Patti worked and studied with the same passion as when she ate pussy. She put everything she had into her studies and had only a few sexual encounters with Ms. Cummings, another teacher, and a couple of the wealthy women that came to the school for beauty treatments but she figured that she could make up for it after she launched her new salon. She felt proud when Lin and her parents attended her graduation ceremony. With her certificate in hand Patti hugged Lin and her parents. Lin complimented Patti on her long purple fingernails, studded tongue, and new short red hairdo. Then Lin announced that she had found the perfect location for their new salon and wanted Patti to see it. The girl's parents didn't comment on their daughters new appearance but the mother did question Lin, "Why are you doing all of this for our daughter? Your generosity is really appreciated but it is difficult to understand why you are doing all of this."

Patti felt worried but the confident Lin simply stated, "Your daughter complimented me on my nails and after talking with her I thought how good it would be to help this young girl fulfill her dreams and pursue a career that she had so much passion for. I love helping others but I am a business woman too and also plan on making a profit. So you see that it is a win-win situation for both of us." Patti's parents were more than satisfied with the answer and thanked Lin for all of her help.

Lin drove Patti to an exclusive part of town and beamed proudly as she open the door to a salon named, "Pamper Palace". The young girl was in awe of the spacious shop with a dozen chairs, plants, statues, mirrors, and full stations plus a couple of private rooms. Lin announced, "You have two weeks to put together a staff for our grand opening. No need to put an add in the paper as Karen will send you the best graduates from the school for you to interview. I will instigate an extensive advertising campaign but word of mouth will be our best asset. Now that you are fully versed in hair styling, manicure, pedicure, and waxing there is no reason at all why we can't be hugely successful. Get to work girl and what do you have to say about all this?"

Patti beamed with excitement and exclaimed, "Oh Lin this is so much more than I had ever dreamed of. I will make you proud of me; you will see."

Lin said, "I do believe you girl and now it is time for you to get busy and after a successful launching Karen and I will come over to your new apartment and give you a special private party!"

The confused girl responded, "What apartment. I don't have my own place; you know that I live with my parents."

Lin smiled, handed Patti keys, a card with the swank uptown address, and said, "You do now baby. Now get to work and then you can go home to your own place right down the street. Not only is it fully furnished but you will find a wardrobe with everything from A to Z." They kissed goodbye and Patti jumped on the telephone and set up interviews for the next morning. Everything was happening so fast that the young girl's head was spinning. Patti fell in love with her new apartment and grinned when she saw the round bed. She watched cable TV for awhile and then went to bed. The bed was cozy but sleep did not come easy because of her excitement. 

The next day was long and hard as she interviewed one woman after the other but she felt that she had hired the best help and had a woman from a uniform shop measure all of her new employees for, white blouses, black skirts, stockings, and heels. She also ordered two smocks for each one of the stylist. Patti took inventory and was pleased to find that the salon was fully stocked. On opening day women came in droves and the day was a huge success. Over the next few months business was great and even increased. Patti worked six days a week and on Sunday she decided to just relax and stay home. 
