 [This is a stand alone read, but it is part two of what will be a trilogy. Part one was, Patty: Patty Jenkens Cums To Bat. This tale is an unadulterated and unabashed attempt to tickle male fantasies and perhaps, some female fantasies as well. As such, the story may or may not totally conform to reality. All locations, events, and persons are entirely fictional and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

*****

I hope you remember me, Patty Jenkins, freshman softball player at State University. Last time I told you how I sat on the bench until I hit the winning two run homer in only my second game of the year as a last minute, pinch hitter in the last inning of the game. The eight first stringers "baptized" me as an official Puma team member in memorable way in the showers after that game. I told myself during that shower action that I would get more of team captain Steffee's black ass another time as I did not get enough that first time. Well, the time for more is now at hand!

Another winning game, this one at home, and we girls all headed for the showers in a raucous and exuberant mood. We were all playing grab ass, not to mention pussy and a little tit too, much harder than usual under the cascades of warm water. As I brushed team captain Steffee's black ass (the only one in an otherwise all white team) with my hand, I said, "You got a big piece of my ass at my official team 'baptism,' while I got too little of yours. I'm ready for mine now!"

Steffee replied, "Your place or mine?" 

My answer was, "My party so my place in an hour. Mc'Callister Hall, suite 405." 

Steffee nodded her head in assent, donned her coat, and walked out. I live in a huge, coed dorm on campus. My "room" is actually a three room suite consisting of two bedrooms and a common room plus bath. There are four of us to share the expensive dorm bill as each bedroom has a double decker bunk set up. My room mate is female while the other bedroom is tenanted by two gay males (There are several more stories in this arrangement, but I'll save those for another time!). I knew my roommate was going home tonight for the weekend, so I was "home fee" on that issue.

But, I had to get back to the dorm to do a little fast housekeeping before Steffee showed up. It was a ten minute walk from the gym to my dorm, so I had to hump it home. The cleaning took another twenty minutes, which left me a half hour to unwind before Steffee arrived. She arrived ten minutes early. Eager, I guess!

When she banged on the door, I let her in and invited her to the eating area table for a drink. As I said, my roommate had left for a weekend at home and the two guys (real studs--football type) were already out for the evening's drinking at a local pub, or maybe two, or maybe more. It was a fifty-fifty chance they would not even get back until late tomorrow morning, so Steffee and I had the whole place more or less to ourselves.

We sat there for an hour, drinking wine coolers and talking girl talk. I can't believe we kept our hands off each other all that time, but we just sat there, relaxed, and enjoying each other's company. Finally, the topic did drift to sex. We talked, naturally, about men, mostly past lovers. I had fucked seven guys between puberty and high school graduation and Steffee had fucked eighteen in the same amount of time, so we had a lot to share. 

The conversation drifted into a second hour with the sex talk., and then a third as we discussed those past fucks. My experiences in junior high school were limited to heavy petting, very heavy petting, but no fucking. I finally lost my cherry as a freshman in high school as the date of a senior boy on his prom night. I had developed quite a reputation during the course of my freshman year, and I guess that senior stud just wanted to sample the wares I had to offer! 

Steffee told me she lost her cherry as a twelve year old to two seventeen year olds in the ally behind her house in a housing project. Sexually, she has never looked back. 

"I've no regrets," said Steffee, "I have loved every delicious minute of my sexcapades, well, nearly every minute anyway. And I have bee very lucky to have avoided a pregnancy in my early years before I learned how to be careful, even if the guy isn't."

Finally, Steffee got around to asking me to tell her all about my first experience with coach in agreeing to his proposition. So I told her how, after a second or two of hesitation to his proposal, I had immediately taken the aggressor/dominatrix position and had ordered him about. I mentioned how I had sucked him to orgasm, but had denied him anything else on that first occasion. 

Steffee really chuckled at that and said, "I think you are the only one to get away with that. He takes the lead with the rest of us first stringers as the boss. Fucking 'A' for you!"

Well, by now, all this talk about sex and all the wine coolers we had downed was having its inevitable effect. Nipples were twitching, if not all ready erecting, pussy were itching and/or starting to drip, and pulses of energy were starting to flow from pussies up a spine or two. I stood up and grabbed empties and took them to the trash. 

On my way back to the table, I stepped behind Steffee's chair and reached over her shoulders to grab a 36B (bigger than my 34Bs) in each hand and start caressing. Steffee let out a low moan and a whimper. I repositioned under her arms so that I could then at the same time kiss and lick all around on her neck, ears, and jaw line. While I was so engaged, Steffee had one hand between her legs, rubbing vigorously and the other on top of one of my hands, helping guide the motion on her tits.

Now Steffee really was moaning, soft and low, "Ohhhh, Ohhhh, Ohhhh, Ohhhh." 

Her breath would catch with a little choke every once in a while between a series of "Ohhhhhs." My thong was soaking through into my sweat pants and my breath started coming in short, sharp gasps. My bare nipples were rubbing inside my sweat shirt so hard it hurt. Steffee let out a loud gasp and had her first orgasm of the evening! She slid her chair back, turned it a bit, and we began French kissing like mad, while one of her hands went between my legs and liked to erase my pussy altogether, she rubbed so hard! We had to get some clothes off!

I took one of Steffee's hands, helped her out of the chair, and led her to my bedroom. Since those bunk beds were narrow, I had already laid out a wide, cushy futon on the floor in anticipation of Steffee's visit. Once inside the bedroom, we immediately began undressing each other. Our bodies were no strangers to each other (team showers, remember) but we still took our time to admire and caress during the process.

A naked Steffee laid on her back on the futon, and a naked me mounted her in a 69 that let us both taste heaven. Two tongues began licking pussy lips, slits, and clits with abandon. The futon was acquiring a fast growing wet spot at both ends. Our moans were getting louder. Our pussies were humping so hard, it was difficult to keep mouths on target. I had three fingers in Steffee's cunt hole and was stroking her G-Spot hard.

Suddenly, I stopped quite still, paused, and then stood up. Steffee said, "For God's sake, don't stop now!! What the hell is wrong?" 

I did not say a word, but I did reach for a very thick, twelve inch, white dildo and began strapping it on. It is a most damnably realistic looking thing! The imitation dong was not ruler straight, but rather, it had an upward sloping, gentle curve.

A most wicked grin appeared on Steffee's face and then she said, "Jesus, Patty, get it on, get it on and get it in, get it in damned quick!" Strapped on/in at last, I kneeled and rubbed that fake man meat all up and down Steffee's pink slit, which along with her black lips, was smeared all over now with her pussy juice and my saliva. Once nicely lubed up, I put the cock head to her cunt hole and paused. 

"Oh, God damn, Patty, don't stop again. Shove that big dong in my cunt, hard!" 

I did as asked and shoved in to the fake balls in one mighty thrust! Steffee had trust upward very hard at the same time. Shit, I did not get to pump it at all. Steffee was so damned excited by now that she burst into shattering, really shattering orgasm as I hit home. Unfortunately, there was no cock cream to pump, but both of us made up for that in the copious amounts of pussy juice we spray all over each other's pussies as my orgasm followed Steffee's.

After a brief pause, I did begin to pump in and out in a much slower and gentler motion. Inching in, inching out. Repeat, repeat, repeat for several minutes. Then I picked up the pace as Steffee also began to thrust again. After several more minutes, I stopped, backed out, and told Steffee, "Get up on your hands and knees." 

After she did so, I used my hand to drag her own lubrication up to her butt crack and pucker hole. I put the fake cock head to the hole and began to inch it in. Once in, I stoked in and out slowly, then faster and faster. Steffee was meanwhile trying to erase her pussy and clit with one of her hands. Both of us orgasmed again, violently, but with a substantial decrease amount of fluid dumped. We were beginning to plumb the bottom of the pussy juice well! 

I backed out and stood up. "Intermission time," I said and took the dildo into the bathroom to clean the thing up. We then both padded out to the kitchen, tits all ajiggle, to sip a wine cooler for a bit. 

Then Steffee, said, "Give me that damned thing. Now it's my turn to do you with that fake dick. Where do you want it?"

I answered, "In the pussy from behind, doggie style!" 

Steffee said in reply to that, "A real bitch in heat, eh. Well, no sooner said than done, at least after I get the damned thing strapped on!"

The strap on had just hit bottom when we heard a key in suite entry door. "What the hell," I said, "neither of them was supposed to be home tonight. Well, anyway, don't stop now, I am about to cum again." 

So, Steffee started pumping as Ron, the black roomy of Stan walked in. We had not closed the bedroom door, so Ron was getting a full view of our naked bodies as Steffee and I were fucking away with that strap on dick.

Ron just stood there at the doorway, ogling us. Steffee managed o croak out between pants, "Don't just stand there, twiddling your dick, get lost or come in and join us." Ron did not have to be asked twice. He almost trotted into the room!

"Ron, meet Steffee, Steffee, meet Ron," I managed to croak out between the the thrusting and the grunting for breath that Steffee and I were doing.

Ron's clothes hit the floor quicker that you can say, "Twinkle, twinkle, little star, here we are!" He slid under me and his mouth replaced my fingers on my slit and clit as Steffee continued to pump my ass with the strap on. I bent down some and took Ron's thin, eight inch black beast in my mouth all the way to his balls, and those I began to maul with my hand in between strokes on his fuck stick. As I sucked down unto that black meat, I pushed up and back with my butt into that fake man meat in my back-side door.

Ron did not last long, I guess my assault on his black dick was too fast and furious. He shot a load of cream into my mouth that overflowed onto his balls. That set me off and that in turn set Steffee off. That strap on has a smaller size dick on the inside that is penetrating the cunt of the one wearing it while the outer big dick is working on a partner.

I pulled free of the rubber dick with a loud pop and stood up. I said, "I have never had a black piece of meat and I want this one, now! But I also have never had a double fuck. So, Steffee, on your back, please. Ron, grease me up!" 

Ron quickly jumped to obey. He rubbed his oozing prick up and down my butt crack and used his fingers to drag up juice from my pussy as well. I squatted over Steffee with my back to her and lowered my butt hole onto the strap on dildo once more. I laid back on top of Steffee to give Ron's black tube meat access. Ron was fully erect again and that old black monster raring to go. He kneeled straddle Steffee and me and placed his cock head on my slit and stroked it up and down from my clit to the top of the fake dick in my butt. My pussy was flowing again, easing Ron's movements.

Ron found the entrance to my tunnel of love and shoved his dick home to his balls. The feeling of two dicks inside me at once, separated only by a thin wall of flesh, even if one was a rubber fake, was indescribable! The waves of pleasure as Ron thrust in and out over top the dildo were almost to much to bear. Ron was doing my tits with his mouth and tongue to add to the erotic waves coursing through me. It was sensual overload! 

I just exploded into orgasm when Ron began to unload his wad into my pussy. Steffee was nearly crushed into the floor by the weight of Ron and me on top of her, but she did manage an orgasm of her own before we all disentangled to catch our breath. 

After we all caught our breath, more or less, Steffee said, "Patty, I thought you said the two guys in the other bedroom were gay."

"We are," Ron replied to Steffee, "but it would probably be more accurate to say that I am bi rather than a straight gay. Stan now, well, he's about as straight gay. as a guy can get."

"And he is not jealous?" asked Steffee.

"Not of a female, no," answered Ron. "Though if I looked at another guy with any interest al all, Stan would likely kill me. He doesn't seem to mind if I crave a little pussy now and then, just no other cock! He might, though, make an exception of that "little" rubber dickey you have there."

After a break, I strapped into the dildo and we were off and at it again. Steffee got on her back and Ron dropped his face down between her legs for some more pussy pie. He had tasted me and now he wanted some of Steffee's. Down on his hands and knees, his ass sticking straight up at me, I could not resist. While he kept Steffee's pussy tingling, I walked up behind Ron's black ass.

I soaked my fingers good in my own leaking juices, still mixed with those of Ron, and wiped Ron's crack with a liberal donation. I used my fingers to work a goodly amount of fluid into Ron's rosette. He groaned into Steffee's pussy as my fingers pushed through his sphincter. Then I made sure the rubber dickey also was fully enhanced with those same fluids. Then I just waited and watched.

Ron seemed to have forgotten me for a moment in his concdentration on Steffee and as he raised his head up to scoot forward until his cock was poised on target, Steffee's pussy slit, that is. Ron worked his helmet topped black snake up and down Steffee's slit as I watched. That helmet went deeper with each pass up and down until he encountered her opening and plunged his whole cock all the way in. 

I was right behind Ron, literally, as I followed his lead and plunged that rubber dickey into his ass. That got a yelp from Ron and a lunging jerk that drove his cock even deeper into Steffee's love tunnel. I didn't get all the way into Ron's ass with one push, like he did with Steffee, but I did get it all the way in very soon thereafter. Ron and I got in sync with each other's thrusting very quickly and then the "big push" was on in earnest.

The little cock on the inside of the bigger rubber dickey was digging into my pussy pretty hard as I thrust the big one into Ron's ass. My pussy was screaming and dripping madly. Then the dam broke and I squirted a cascade of pussy cream onto Ron's crack and ass cheeks That must have tripped his trigger, because he thrust hard into Steffee and shuddered as he shot his load into her pussy.

Steffee just whimpered and groaned before she let out a banshee shriek and she squirted, spraying pussy cream all over and around Ron's big black snake and smearing the front of both of them with their combined sex juices. There was a simultaneous chorus of three, shouting, "OH SHIIITTT!"

I finally found my voice and said, "I don't know about you guys, but I need a shower and something to drink and maybe something to eat. The night is still young if we want to continue our little fun and games later."

"I second the motion," chimed in Steffee.

"And I'll vote with the majority," added Ron. To the showers then!"

We all three hit the shower, crowding into the fairly small contrivance. Never-the-less, with all the hanky-panky that went on in there, it took us an hour and a half before we got out of the bathroom and out to what served as the small kitchen area of the common room! And I was right, the night had a long way to go yet, a very long way! But that's another story for another time.

*****

[If you liked or disliked this story, you know what to do and how. Feedback and votes are appreciated. Regards, caprine.]