 Jerry had gotten over his macho stuff by the time we got home. Jo & I were thinking about more important things. Me about how to get a partner, Jo about getting her partner inside her.

We all had another drink before going to bed. Jerry makes them a lot stronger than the bar. I was tipsy trying to change. I kept an eye on my door until I was changed. It was warm, so I had on a red, cotton, baby doll top and panties. I listened for sounds in the hall, it was quiet, so I was OK to go to the bathroom. I didn't shut the door completely. Was I hoping for something to happen? "Hell yes," I say to myself. But nothing did. I walked back across the hall and heard Jo talking loudly. It didn't seem friendly, so I shut my door behind me. I had the bed light on while I was reading a romance novel when I hear a soft knock on my door. 

"Patty, are you awake?" Jo opens the door as she asks the question. I sit up as she sits on the bed beside me. 

"Patty, can we talk? About some personal things, I mean," she continues.

"Well sure, JO. I guess, is everything Ok." 

I am not sure what she is leading up to. The possibilities are many; some good, some very exciting, but some bad. 

"I think Jerry is going out on me, Patty. He must be, it seems like no matter what I do, or wear, or act, I can't seem to get him to want me."

Jo is beginning to sob a little; I put my arms around her and pull her close. Her head rests cradled on my chest as I hold her and rub her back. As she leans over she puts her hand down on the mattress to support herself. Her wrist is firmly pressing my mound. 

"Jo, It could be a lot of things. It's probably something else besides you. I have seen the way other men, and women, look at you when we are out. You are a very beautiful, sexy looking lady, Jo. I am sure most men, and probably a lot of women too are very jealous of Jerry. He is so lucky to have a woman like you." 

Jo squeezed me harder as I comforted her. As we gently rocked the pressure on my mound sliding up and down her wrist sent tingles through my body. Her partly open mouth was over my left nipple. Her oozing saliva had the cotton material covering that very sensitive part of my boob soaked. As we rock together I feel so close to Jo. Jo's head lifts off my chest, she whispers

"Oh Patty, I love you so much, I need you more than you will ever know." Our mouths are only inches apart. I can feel myself melting into a puddle of emotion. 

"Jo, you know I love you, too." We hug each other closer; our heads are laying on each others shoulders. I can feel Jo's warm breath in my ear. THAT DRIVES ME WILD WITH DESIRE!

What do I do? Do I kiss her? Do I see if she kisses me first? My body is screaming for satisfaction!

Calm down, Patty, I tell myself, let her make the first move. 

"So you really don't think that Jerry is going out on me, that something else is the problem, Patty?"

"I am sure of it, Jo."

"Oh Patty, I slobbered all over your nighty." 

Jo's hand squeezed the wet material as she spoke, brushing her fingers against my already hard nipple. 

"Wow, you must be cold in here," Jo giggles, looking at my nipple. 

"I guess it's just from getting wet" I stammer.

Jo leans over and holds me tight. 

"I meant what I said, Patty, I do love you. I will never do anything to jeopardize that, OK?"

"Same here,Jo" I whisper and squeeze her in return.

"Well, I have kept you up long enough, Patty. Thanks for letting me cry on your shoulder." 

"It was my pleasure, Jo. I may need to cry on yours sometime. If I do, I will get your nipple hard too," I giggle.

My brain is screaming, NO, Don't go!

"I was so horny to make love tonight, but jerry went to sleep on me, I guess that is why I had the little pity party for myself," Jo said as she stood up

"Jo, you don't have to leave, come here." I pat the bed beside my hips. 

"If Jerry's asleep there is no hurry for you to go back to your bed." As Jo sat on the bed I noticed she wasn't wearing any panties. Thank goodness I didn't know that earlier.

"Look at me, Jo."

Her head turns to face mine. 

"You want to know something personal about me? I mean really personal. You know earlier we both said we loved each other and that neither of us would do anything that might cause rift?"

"Yes, Patty, and I mean it too." 

"Well, you know how you just said how horny you were tonight."

"Yes, I remember, Patty," Jo answers softly, and scoots her hips up against mine. 

"Well do you remember when we were teenagers and we were spending the night together, you asked me if I had ever kissed a girl?"

"That was a long time ago, Patty. But, yes, I do remember."

"Well, the answer is still no. But I think I would like to try that now." I moved my lips close to Jo's as I spoke. I stopped before our lips met, waiting to see if she would make the final move, she did. Her lips moved to mine and gently brushed on mine from side to side. Her tongue licked all around my lips. My mouth pushed against hers and sucked her thrusting tongue inside. Our arms encircled each other, while our lips and mouths would open, press against each other retreat and lick the others lips and the tip of her tongue with the tip of ours.

"Oh Patty, I have wanted to taste you like this for so long."

"MMmmm, Jo, I have been so desirous of you, too. I like the way you put that - you like the way I taste, Let me taste you."

Jo opens her mouth and allows my tongue to scrape her saliva and bring it back into my mouth.

"MMMmm, yesss Jo, your taste turns me on so much."

"Patty, can I touch your breasts?" Jo asks softly.

"Let's touch each other's," I whisper as I slide my hand under her nighty. 

"But let's do it one at a time. Can I go first?" I moan, as I lay Jo lay back on the bed, naked except for her top, my hands cup her firm breasts. My fingertips make smaller and smaller circles around each firm mound of flesh until they are circling the round pink area at the base of each erect nipple. The pinkness is puffy, the long, hard nipples stiff from desire. My fingers pinch, squeeze and roll the nipples gently. Jo's hand rises to grab my tit swaying over her face as I lean over to concentrate on my mission. 

"Not yet, Jo. Let me concentrate on you. And just close your eyes and relax, and enjoy. You will have the same opportunity to concentrate on me very soon."

"Mmmm, I am not going to argue with that Patty," Jo whispers as she rests her head on the pillow and closes her eyes.

"Oh Patty, Oh, you know just what to do. You are turning me on so fucking much, Patty. Oh yes, Bite my nipples, pull on them. You can't be too rough with them Patty. Make me hurt so much it feels good." 

I am confused, but I obey. Jo's words excite me to the edge of orgasm as I nibble so hard, suck so hard, squeeze and pull so hard that I would be crying out in pain. 

"Oh YES, Patty! Keep it up, Oh that feels so good!" Jo keeps moaning loudly!

I am so afraid of drawing blood that I move my face to hers and kiss her wet, full, sensual lips and taste her mouth once again. Jo is panting so hard from the excitement and pleasure she had just received from me playing with her breasts so roughly it scared me.

"Are you sure you are OK, Jo?" I ask 

"That was so absolutely wonderful Patty. You know I came near the end." She took my hand and placed my fingertips at the lower part of her lips to prove it.

"MMmm, yes you did, Jo. Can I?" I ask, as I opened my mouth to lick her cum off my finger.

"Oh yes, Patty, that turns me on to watch you and feel you clean my lips with your fingers, then clean your fingers off with your mouth and tongue."

Jerry's need to pee awakens him. He rolls over and does not feel Jo in bed. He whispers for her and feels some more. I guess she and Patty must be up talking again, he thinks to himself. He gets up and quietly, without turning on a light, walks into the hall headed for the bathroom. He stops close to Patty's door.

Is that Jo I hear crying? He wonders. He puts his ear close to the shut door. It is Jo, she is crying, muttering something about him cheating on her. He gets a little angry inside. I have never cheated on her. Why is she thinking that? He continues to listen and learns his answer and a lot more. Soon he opens the door just a crack to watch a very exciting, erotic show.