 After hearing sobbing noise from Patty's bedroom, Jerry moves his ear to the shut door to hear what is wrong. He first gets angry when he hears his wife, Jo, accuse him of cheating. But the words he hears after that causes arousal. He very quietly opens the door just a crack to see what is happening. He knows that he will have hell to pay if he gets caught, but the scene before his eyes was so erotic he didn't care. He sees his wife hugging with Patty. He has always had an eye for Patty, but she has always been so modest, he knew not to let her know. His cock is swelling as he sees them holding each other, sees his wife stand as if to leave. He backs away from the door, but stays close enough to listen. He hears Patty invite Jo to sit back down. He hears them talking about kissing other girls. He hears Jo tell Patty how horny she is. His hand starts stroking his hard shaft as he leans forward to watch again. He strains to listen what they are whispering to each other with their faces so close to each others.

My wife is kissing her! He can't believe his eyes as his wife takes off her nightgown, she now is completely naked. Patty lays Jo down and begins kissing and massaging her breasts. His stroking increases as his wife starts to moan. "Harder! rougher!," Jerry had heard those sounds before, but to watch someone else pull and bite his wife's tits were a little scary. But he knew Jo loved it. 

Oh, he wants to see Patty naked so bad. It was worth taking the chance of being caught peeping. Oh wow! she is cumming, he thought as he saw his wife's facial expression of pure ecstasy.

He feels a drop of precum at the head of his throbbing member as he watches Jo take Patty's fingers and place them on her wet pussy. Then Patty licks her fingers clean, smiling in delight as she licks.

Then, as if to return the favor, Patty takes Jo's fingers and guides them to her dripping lips. 

Now, taste me, Jo. 

Patty lay back on the bed. 

What a perfect position, Jerry realizes; Patty is laying on her back, her feet closest to him. She has her feet pulled back toward her hips, knees up in the air, allowing him a perfect peeping tom view. He watches his wife's fingers move inside the cum coated lips, sliding up and down. It lingers at Patty's hard clitoris then back down. One finger, then a second, slides into Patty's swollen vagina. "Oh Jo, oh yes! Fuck me with your fingers, yes, fuck me baby!" Jerry's fingers release his hard, pulsing cock, afraid he is going to cum. He has never heard Patty talk like that. It turns me on so much Patty, keep talking like that. He sees Patty's hips bucking against his wife's hand. Jo's other hand slides under Patty's top to play with her tit. Patty takes both hands and quickly pulls the top over her head and throws it on the floor.

Oh Fuck yeah! Jerry mind was so excited he thought he would shoot without touching his cock. Oh man, her tits are beautiful, so firm and round, with perfect pink cups and nipples. Oh, I wish those were my hands instead of my wife's Jerry moaned to himself. Jo's hand squeezed Patty's left breast, she then spread her thumb and fingers apart to try to have the tip of her thumb on one nipple with the tip of her finger on the other. Patty cupped her tits and squeezed them together, bringing her nipples close. Jo rubbed both nipples as she continued to work her finger magic inside Patty's pussy. She could feel Patty's G spot, and took care to rub it often. Her thumb was rubbing on Patty's wet, hard clit.

"Oh Jo I can't last much longer, Oh please, don't stop!" Patty moaned loudly. Just then, Jerry watched Patty's hips arch high and jerk several times before slowly falling back to the mattress... He could even hear Patty's hard, shallow breathing as he watched his wife lean over to gently kiss Patty's sweaty forehead, her cheeks, her eyes, and then her lips

"Oh Jo, that was tremendous. That was the most intense orgasm I can ever remember." 

"Well Patty, I guess I just got your cherry." Jo smiled.

"MMmm, yes you did Jo, and what a wonderful time I had giving it to you." Patty's hand is rubbing on Jo's thigh as they lay next to each other.

"I can't believe how turned on I got from tasting you. Not just your cum, but also your mouth -I guess I just need to call it what it is - your saliva," Jerry heard Patty say. "But then, when I did taste your cum, that was unbelievable." 

He watched in pure excited lust as Jo rose up and straddled Patty's waist. She leaned forward and lowered her face to kiss Patty again. Patty's hands moved instantly to Jo's swaying tits. They kissed gently for a few moments, and then Jo lifted her face a little and formed an O with her open lips. Jerry watched as he saw a stream of spit start to drool from his wife's mouth. Patty opened her mouth wide to receive her treasure.

Oh wow! that reminds me of shooting my cum into Jo's mouth, Jerry thought, as he watched a long stream fill Patty's mouth. Patty then pulled Jo's face to hers and they kissed passionately and deeply as the saliva ran all over Patty's cheeks and chin. Patty's squeezing and pulling on my wife's nipples grew harder as they kissed.

"Oh Patty that hurts so good baby, so good!" Jo moans.

Then, quickly Jo slides her crotch from Patty's waist up toward Patty's face. I can see my wife's firm asscheeks resting on Patty's tits. 

What a gorgeous site I think. 

Patty's hands grab my wife's ass and pull it on up to her face. I can tell by Jo's arms, she is holding her pussy lips apart for Patty with one hand, and brutalizing one of her tits with the other. 

"Oh Jo, your juices taste so sweet and wonderful, baby, oh, give me more, fill my mouth up with your hot juices, baby!" Patty is moaning in a whisper. 

"Yes, Patty You are going to make me cum again, oh yes, keep sucking on my pussy and clit, Patty Keep fucking my wet pussy with your fingers, oh put another one inside, I can take it, Patty. Oh yes, that fills me up , yes, baby, Oh Patty , Oh Patty, Don't Stop!. Open your mouth wide baby, I'm cummiiiinnnnggggg!" 

Patty kept her mouth open wide and pushed it up against JO's vagina, catching ooze after ooze of JO's lust in her mouth. She didn't swallow it; she wanted to savor the taste for as long as she could.

Jerry's hand had found its way back to his cock. He explodes on the wall and floor just as his wife exploded in Patty's mouth. Spurt after spurt of his hot, thick cum shot farther than it ever had. 

Oh shit, he thought. I have got to get this cleaned up, and fast.

Jo's exhausted, naked body lay on the bed next to Patty's nakedness. Jo didn't move as Patty rubbed the trimmed hair on her mound. Patty rose up and leaned her mouth over Jo's chest. She let a trail of Jo's juice drop onto her. First one nipple, then a stream over to her other nipple, and finally a stream ending up at Jo's navel. Jo smiled weakly as Patty's fingers smoothed the thick moisture around Jo's skin, careful not to touch her now sensitive breasts. 

"MMmmm, that feels nice Patty, you just know when to be gentle with me, Jo smiled. And when to get rough with me," Jo giggled.

"Patty, go get a couple of towels real quick, I don't want to get the mattress wet."

"Sure, baby. Don't move I will be right back." 

Without thinking patty opened the door naked to cross the hall. Jerry had gone to his bedroom to clean up. Patty's foot stepped on something wet and sticky. What the??? Patty raised her foot and felt the sticky liquid on the ball of her foot, it was dark, and so she didn't see the wall where most of Jerry's cum landed. She immediately looked towards Jerry's bedroom door. It was shut. She hopped quickly across the hall, got the towels and returned.

Should she say anything to Jo? she thought. The thought of being watched actually excited her, and it would probably cause a huge argument between Jo and Jerry. She decided to make the most of this. Patty made sure to leave the door cracked for Jerry to have a good view if he returned.

Jo was still lying on the bed, her legs spread a little. Her chest and stomach still wet from Patty's fetish. Patty spread the towels next to Jo's hot flesh. 

"Now, that should take care of it, Jo." 

Patty lay next to Jo, giving a good view of her hairy mound to someone, if someone wants to look.

Jo's arousal was returning, she laid her hand on Patty's breast and rubbed gently with her fingertips.

Someone was watching. Jerry heard someone in the hall and just knew he had been caught.

Oh shit, what can I say? What can I do?

He listened until he heard both voices back in patty's bedroom.

Maybe I can get this cleaned up; maybe I can pull this off. He quietly opened his door to the dark hallway. He walked the 4 steps to get to Patty's door. 

Is this open a little wider than before? I am sure I heard someone go to the bathroom?

What is going on? His confidence grew, as he realized that if either one of them was suspicious, then the door would be completely closed. But it's open wider. Jerry's sticky cock is starting to rise again as he peers thru the crack. He sees both of them lying naked next to each other. Patty's crotch is angled toward the door giving him the view he has desired for so long.

Mmmm, Patty is unshaven, her long curly P-hairs hide her lips and slit except for the very top ridge of her swollen labia. Man, is she wet, Jerry moans. I would love to be able to eat her right now and taste her warm cum.

Jerry's Cock is fully hard again as he watches Patty take his wife's hand and place it on her mound

Patty closed her eyes, letting the sensations course through her body.

"Jerry must still be passed out," Patty lied in a whisper.

"His loss, not mine," Jo said softly, as she continued to teasingly stroke Patty's breasts.

"MMMmm, that feels so good Jo, you know you are getting me aroused again. You still owe me one, girl." 

Jo's nail scraped lightly across Patty's nipple, and then back across the erect soft tissue.

Patty took Jo's hand and slid it down to her matted hair covering her mound.

"I want you, Jo. Take me; do whatever you want to with me, I am yours."

Patty carefully looked to the side to see if she can tell if Jerry has returned. She notices a slight movement in the dark shadow.

"Patty smiles, I am yours Jo, do whatever you want, and I will do whatever you want me to do to you."

"That sounds like a challenge, Patty." Jo whispers and smiles, as she rolls over on top of Patty. her wet skin rubs all around Patty's breasts and stomach

"Nice Jo, that feels so sensual, I love to feel your wet breasts mash against mine."

Soon Patty stands up beside the bed, facing the door. 

"Sit up Jo." JO rises up and scoots to the edge of the bed, her face even with Patty's abdomen. 

"Touch me; get me wet, do things you always wanted to do to another woman." Patty knowing that Jerry is peeping speaks loud enough for him to hear. She then raises her foot to the edge of the bed, giving him a total view of her hairy pussy.

"But remember, I want to taste any juices that come out of your body and mine, hhhmmm, yes." Patty moans.

"Anything?" Jo asks.

"Anything," Patty answers.

Jo's hands reach for the back of Patty's ass and pull her mound to her face. Patty takes her fingers and separates her sopping lips to give Jo an easier path to what's inside. And it also gives him a better view, Patty thinks 

Jo removes her cum soaked finger from Patty's vagina and probes at Patty's ass hole.

"Oh JO, What are you doing?" Patty says.

"You said anything, didn't you patty?"

"Yes, do it, just be easy." JO moves her finger back to Patty's slit and gathers more lubrication before trying again. It slips in; Jo pushes it in a little further. She feels Patty muscle closed and defending her inner channel.

"OOOHhh Jo, please be careful."

"Just relax, Patty, completely relax your muscle."

Jo's finger feels the muscle open up allowing her to gently and slowly push through. Patty grabs Jo's hair as it passes through the sphincter wall. 

"Oh fuck, Jo. Just leave it there for a minute. Let me get used to that feeling."

Patty leans over, her tits almost bouncing on Jo's face, and spreads her ass cheeks pulling them apart as wide as she could.

"OK, baby, slide it in a little more." Jo pushes as Patty pushes her hips toward Jo's hand. Her finger is now in as far as it will go.

"Yes, that feels different, Jo."

"Good or bad?" Jo asks?

"Uuummm, good, I think, the more I get used to it the better it feels."

Patty feels Jo's fingers from her other hand slide easily into her pussy.

"Oh yes, Jo, Oh fuck yes. That feels so fucking good, especially when they are pushing on my wall at the same spot from both sides. I don't know how to explain it. But it feels soooo fuckiiiing gooood."

Patty purposely has positioned her crotch where Jerry has a full view of what is going on.

Jerry can't believe what he is watching. His own wife with her fingers in another woman's ass and cunt at the same time. And they are both loving it! 

He watches and throbs as he sees Patty cup each of her breasts, lower her mouth toward her nipple and spit, twice on each nipple. Then she maneuvers her chest around to his wife's face and his wife sucks and licks Patty's spit off of her tits. And Patty is cumming while his wife's mouth is on her tits and her fingers are in both of her holes!

"Oh, Jo! Oh yes!. Oh please don't stop, Yes! fuck me!, eat me!. Drink my cum Jo, it's all for you."

Patty takes Jo's head and moves it under her pussy.

Watch this Jerry! Watch your wife drink my cum. I bet you wish your mouth was there. Maybe I wish it was there too, Jerry along with your wife's, Patty thinks as her hips are bucking wildly at the door. 

If I didn't know better, I would think Patty is putting on a show. Jerry's mind smiles as he can't believe his good luck.

Her intense orgasm slowly subsides and she sets, and then lies, back on the bed.

Jo's face lowers to hers and Jo's lips start to open. Patty realizes what is happening and opens her mouth to accept the passion juice Jo had just drunk. A slow stream leaves Jo and enters Patty until all of it is gone

Patty rolls over and picks up the empty water glass on the nightstand. She empties her mouth. 

"We can't waste any of that, now can we, Jo?"

"I think you have a fetish, Patty." 

"What do you mean by that," patty said

"With fluids secreted by the body. It seems like you can't get enough of them."

Patty thought for a minute.

"There is nothing wrong with that at all, Patty. Please don't take me wrong. Body fluids arouse me too."

As Patty listened she realized Jo was 100% correct.

Oh baby, if you want some body fluid, I have got another load getting ready to erupt. Oh I wish it were filling your mouth instead of this towel, Jerry sighed.