 There comes a time in every one's life when they are afforded an opportunity for real revenge. It may be something small - such as a chance to spoil something for that person who has always spoiled things for you - or perhaps something huge, something major - such as turning that person over to face the full brunt of the legal system with a long prison term before them. Penny wisdom says that revenge is a dish best served cold. I disagree because for me the chance was one that arrived in a flash of hot emotion. For that one night, I personified payback, and as everyone knows, payback is a bitch.

When you ask someone about their school years or browse through their yearbook, there is always that one girl - Miss Perfect. A size zero or size one, perfect teeth, flawless complexion, stunning body. In my case, her name was Ardyth. Because I was her opposite - a jock, always sporting bruises, muscular rather than curvy - I was one of her favorite targets. And as much as I tried to ignore the taunts and innuendos, each one was a barb that struck home in my soul. To her I was obviously a "butch dyke" and fair game for every mean spirited practical joke she and her clique could devise. What made that hurt the most is my sexual experience was limited to what I had read on the web and from playing with myself with a variety of toys. Oh, I'll admit that I had fantasized about being with another woman, and in every one of those fantasies, that woman was Ardyth.

I was driving along late one night, with the rain coming down so hard the windshield wipers could barely keep up. Visibility was such that I had slowed to 20 mph as I traveled down the back county lane, returning from a softball game across the state. Had I known it was going to rain this hard, I would have traveled a more popular road. Going off this road during this storm could mean being stranded for a very long time. Perhaps it was that train of thought that made me catch the reflection from a car bumper stuck out of the weeds in a deep ditch along the side of the road. I stopped and backed up to where I had seen the glint of my headlights off the bumper. Sure enough, there was a car down in the drainage ditch along the side of the road, a ditch rapidly filling with runoff from the heavy rains. It wasn't until I was out of my car and climbing down along side the car that I recognized it as Ardyth's new Mercedes coupe. The front of the car was crushed against the trunk of a tree and the windshield was crazed with spiderweb cracks. I braced my foot against the side of the car and forced the driver's door open against the buckled frame. Thank goodness for all those exercises to build up my shoulders for pitching!

Ardyth was slumped against the steering wheel; the airbag had deflated and was pillowing her head. She didn't seem to be aware I was even there so I reached across her and unclipped her seatbelt. I ran my hands lightly over her limbs to make sure there were no obvious broken bones. Typical. Miss Perfect had managed to total her car without so much as a nosebleed. There was a bump on her forehead from colliding with the deploying airbag. I slipped my arm under her legs and slid her out of the car. I picked her up and started to carry her up the embankment to my car. As we reached the top of the gully, she began to wake up. She looked into my face and screamed for me to "take my dyke hands off of her!" I was stunned as she started to struggle in my arms, so I did the first thing that came to mind...I dropped her, flat on her ass at the top of the ditch. She slid and rolled all the way to the bottom, screaming invectives the whole way down. I marched back down to her, and grabbed her arms.

"Ardyth, come on. We have to get out of this gully and back to town."

She leaned over and bit my hand to make me let go. That did it; something inside me snapped. I slapped her. Well, maybe it was a bit harder than that. After all, I work out and I have some great upper body strength. Okay, I admit it; I decked her. All the years of frustration and humiliation came out in that one instance and I clocked her. Her eyes rolled up into her head and she dropped to the water like a marionette with cut strings. Muttering under my breath, I picked her back up, slung her inert form over my shoulder and climbed back up to my car. I dumped her into the back seat and, for the first time, noticed what she was almost wearing. 

Ardyth had on one of those really short micro skirts that was little more than a wide belt. Now hiked up above her hips, I could see she had on a wisp of a lacy thong. Above that, she had on a sheer white top, now transparent with the rain and ditch water. Even her Victoria's Secret bra was transparent with the wet. Her shoes were somewhere in the mud below. Her perfect blonde hair was plastered to her skull by the rain, her makeup in ruins. Even with all that, she was drop dead gorgeous. And I knew, right then, that tonight was made for payback.

I reached into my sports bag and grabbed a roll of athletic tape I had for prepping my ankles before a game. I quickly bound her ankles together and then her wrists behind her back. A wide strip of tape across her mouth in case she woke back up, and she was effectively trussed up. I threw a blanket over her to hide her from any prying eyes, hopped in to the driver's seat, and drove off. Instead of heading for town, I drove off into the woods, heading for some abandoned farm buildings located way out in the middle of nowhere. 

I pulled to car completely into the abandoned barn and pulled the doors closed. I got the battery-powered lamp from the trunk and illuminated the inside of the largest stall. I pulled the now conscious Ardyth from the car, carried her into the stall, and dropped her in the hay piled in the corner. I then reached out and jerked the tape from her mouth.

"What do you think you are doing, you freak?" she screamed. "Help!"

"Scream all you want, bitch. There is no one around for miles and miles. You have made my life miserable for years and, when I try to help you out of jam, you turn all psycho on me. Well, I have had enough of your shit and now I'm going to get some of mine back. You see, bitch, your ass is mine now." With those words, I reached over and grabbed the front of her sheer blouse and tore it open from neckline to waist. Her frantic struggles caused her bra to slip, exposing one perfect coral nipple. I reached over and pinched it as I added, "You are going to do exactly what I tell you to do, when I tell you to do it, and than thank me for letting you do it."

"You are out of your fucking mind!"

I slapped her. She tried to kick me. I slapped her again. She kicked at me again. I reached down and pulled her across my knees. I tore her skirt and thong from her body and then began to spank that delectable perfect ass. Each time my hand crashed down on her butt, a print from my hand stood out scarlet against her white flesh. Five times. Six times. She began to cry. Seven times. Eight times.

"Stop, please stop." She sobbed out.

Nine times, Ten times. 

"I'll do what you want," she whispered.

Eleven. Twelve.

"I can't hear you."

"Please. I'll do anything." She cried out.

I sat there stroking her flaming red ass cheeks as she sobbed. "Anything?"

"Yes."

I unbound her hands then let her up off my lap. "Take off the rest of your clothes and the tape off your legs."

She managed to get the tape off her legs then shrugged off the shredded blouse. She then unhooked the flimsy bra and let it fall to the ground. She stood then naked, her hands clasped in front of her pubes like a small child.

"Move your hands and stand with your legs further apart."

I had her turn around and I examined her. God, she was beautiful.

"Come over here and undress me."

"No, I won't do that."

I knew she would balk, so I struck out with my belt, catching her across the tips of her breasts. I could see the lance of fire that shot through her. I struck her again, making sure the tip of the belt curled over her hip, passed up between her parted legs and flicked against her lower lips. She screamed and dropped to the ground, begging me to stop. She crawled over to me and began to unbutton my team shirt. I let her undo all the fastenings, slowly removing each article of clothing until I was just as naked as she was.

While I may not be the playboy centerfold type, there is no doubt that I am female when I am naked. My breasts are firm and high, with large nipples and big areolas. My pubic thatch is neatly trimmed into a small patch above my naked nether lips. My hips are firm and my legs muscular yet still shapely. Ardyth caught her breath as she stared at me.

"Touch my breasts, bitch. Suck my nipples." I shifted the leather belt I still held in my hand to remind her of the penalty for disobedience.

Ardyth timidly reached out and began to lightly touch my breasts. Her hands were barely making contact, mere wisps of contact, as she stroked the sides and tops of my breasts. She brushed across my stiffening nipples, making them stand up even further. She bent her head, took one nipple into her mouth, and began to suck on it, licking it with her tongue. I could feel it all the way to my toes. She lightly pulled on my other nipple as she suckled, not hard enough to hurt but just enough to contrast with the exquisite sensations her tongue was causing.

I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed downwards. She sank to her knees in front of me. "Lick my pussy."

She covered her face with hands, shaking her head in negation of the idea. I swatted her with the belt. Again and again, lash marks appearing on her back and buttocks. She rolled onto her side and I moved her onto her back, sitting on her chest facing her feet. I slid my pussy until it was above her face and said, "Eat me, bitch." When she still didn't respond, I reached between her legs, taking her sensitive lips between my fingers and twisted.

She tried to buck me off so I just lowered my hips until I felt her open mouth against my pussy. I started rubbing her clit with my thumb as I felt her tongue make its first tentative pass along my slit. When she reached my clit, I pushed a finger inside her. She was soaked, the little slut, and fairly loose so I added a second and third finger. 

Ardyth started licking and sucking me in earnest while I finger fucked her. As I climaxed, she came as well, her hips bucking and her inner walls clamping against my fingers. I continued to pump my fingers in her and told her to keep eating me. As she got even more involved, I pushed a finger into her tight asshole. She screamed as another orgasm rocked her. 

"Lick my ass."

I could feel her stretch her neck and I then felt her tongue rimming my asshole. The sensation of this tight assed bitch licking my ass was incredible. When I felt her tongue actually penetrate my tight ring, I came again.

"What do you say, bitch?"

Her confusion made her silent. I leaned down and bit her clit. "What do you say?"

"Thank you," she said faintly.

"Thank you for what?"

"Letting me eat you and for making me cum."

"Open your mouth wide."

Looking down between us toward her face, I could see her close her eyes and open her mouth. I positioned my hips above her mouth and started to piss in her mouth, "Drink it all, bitch."

She swallowed, gagged, but kept swallowing. Urine ran down her face and neck into her hair as she swallowed my pee. When I finished, I made her lick me clean, bringing me off one more time.

"Thank you, Mistress," she whispered.

I climbed off of her and looked down at her. She was a mess. Her perfect hair was matted with dirt and urine, her body laced with welts from my belt, and pussy swollen and red.

"Play with yourself. Make yourself cum while I watch."

Her hands slipped between her legs and began to rub her clit. She slipped her fingers into herself as she rubbed her clit. As she came closer to the edge, she drew her knees up and opened them even wider. She pushed her fingers even deeper inside as she slipped over the edge, crying out in her release.

Ardyth rolled onto her hands and knees and crawled over to me.

"Please, Mistress, let me do you once more."

I spread my legs and let her lick me again, her fingers probing inside me. She trapped my clit between her lips and lashed it with the tip of her tongue as she pushed more fingers inside me. Her small hands made it possible for her to finally push her whole fist inside me as she sucked and nibbled on my clit. Never have I felt anything like it. My hips began to buck uncontrollably as she thrust deep inside me, my juices flowing around her hand and down my ass. She took her other hand and rubbed a finger against my anal ring, spreading the juices around it until she could push the finger deep inside my back passage. Filled more than I have ever been, I came and she drank down my juices, finally licking them from her hand after she'd removed it from my pussy.

"Thank you, mistress."

"No, thank you, Ardyth." I looked at the ruins of her trendy clothes. I stood up and walked over to my car, pulling out a set of sweats. I tossed them to Ardyth and told her to get dressed. While she put then on, I donned my own clothes.

"Get in the car, Ardyth, and I will take you home. If you ever tell anyone about this, I will tell everyone how much you enjoyed everything we did."

"Oh I won't talk about this but I do want to know one thing."

"What?"

"When can I be your slave again?"