 Chapter 7

The faster and harder I went the noisier she got and it was driving me wild. I could tell that she was about to come but I didn't stop I kept going and going and going faster harder slower faster harder deep thrust inside of her. She was loving it. 

I placed my hands on either side of her hips. 

Keep going faster and faster using my hands to guide her hips in the way I wanted them to go. 

I felt her contracting and in the lot last few seconds I took her hips and thrust so hard that the bed shook. 

She came and she came hard.

The after waves consumed her. 

She couldn't breathe she kept shaking and she couldn't stop moving.

I just stood there and watched her be consumed with what I just done. 

I took off the strap on and went to flip her over. 

She could barely move so she didn't have the strength to stop me.

I took off her blindfold and watched her beautiful self stare at me.

Those eyes were just driving me crazy. 

I think I just fell in love with her even more.

It wasn't because I was being cocky of what I just accomplished it was because of how she reacted to me.

She moaned and she whimpered and she moved her whole body and it was just for me. 

And I'm the one who caused her this much pleasure. 

I kind of felt bad for everyone else just because they wouldn't be able to experience this with the most beautiful girl in the world.

I had happened to look up to her face and her realize that she was getting tired oh no I thought to myself this is just the beginning.

I gently Climbed on top of her not wanting to hurt her and started kissing her.

Slow but passionate the way a true kiss is supposed to be.

I smiled to myself I was about to make love to the most beautiful girl in the world. Oh how others must envy me.

Chapter 8

I kissed her softly. 

Engulfing myself in her sweet kisses.

God I wanted to make love to her so bad.

I asked if she was okay and she said she was perfect.

"I know," I replied.

I smiled at her then I kissed her slowly. I traced my tongue against her lips and softly nibbled her bottom lip.

I pulled her up in sitting position and started kissing her a little harder. My hands were passionately roaming her beautiful body. They started at her bare shoulders rubbing softly then down her arms tracing slightly all the way down them. 

I reached her hands and held them for what sent like forever. I started kissing her neck down to her collarbone as my hands made their way down to her waist and up I fully embraced her feeling her naked body pressed against mine and I shivered. I pushed her down back on the bed and straddled her lovingly. I made my kisses down to her breasts and kissed each one of them softly. 

My tongue went all the way around her areoles. And I softy nibbled on her nipples. Going from one to the next. 

I kissed her whole body.

I wanted her to know that I loved every inch of her.

I kissed her beautiful stomach down to her lovely thighs and down to her ankles.

I made my way back up and kissed her aching mouth. 

She was all caught up in the moment and I stuck my pointer finger inside of her. She gasped and grabbed my back. She never broke the kiss though. 

I tenderly went in and out moving the way her body was going. I went softly.

I wanted to make love to my queen.

I went a litter faster making sure I was hitting the right parts. I nibbled on her bottom lip I kissed her neck and bit it a little less softly but she loved it anyway.

I went to her ear and started whispering sweet nothings in it.

"I love you so much baby."

"You're so perfect."

"I love your body."

She was loving the attention I was giving her. 

My finger went faster but still with love.

Her body was writhing with pleasure and I could feel her building up with cum.

I wanted to please her so bad. 

I nibbled on her ear lobe then made my main focus her lips. I kissed her.

I tasted her.

I ravaged her.

I knew every inch of her body.

She was mine and she knew it.

No one else knew her this much.

Her body writhing for me.

He moans getting louder for me.

Her toes curling in the bed for me.

The look of pure ecstasy on her face when she came Beas just for me.

I loved this woman and I was going to spend the rest of my life with her.

With those thoughts my hands went faster and my kissing deepens until she her body pressed into mine and she grabbed my head and screamed into my mouth. 

We lay in a collapsed pile on her bed. 

My god this was the best night ever.