  To my fans of the Payback Series, greetings and thank you for reading. This chapter is the immediate continuation of chapter three. If you haven't read that, you may just want to scan the last few paragraphs to get the flow – or just read the whole thing!

Jenna watched Suzie run off at the sound of Vince coming through the door. She heard muffled voices, but only had one thing on her mind, pussy. Suzie's pussy.

Jenna had never been with a woman before Suzie, before today, and her senses were still tingling. She'd had Suzie's pussy in her mouth, the engorged clit between her teeth. She'd felt Suzie's juices running down her cheeks as she lapped at her swollen pussy lips. She held the girl's smooth thighs, spreading her legs by holding her ankles – those incredible legs and strong calves. Oh God, the perfumed smell of her pussy. The way her big tits felt in Jenna's small hands. Jenna's pussy quivered just thinking about it. The truth was, and this wasn't just the whisky talking, she could have made love to Suzie all day.

She imagined herself positioned under Suzie. Those big tits swaying in rhythm over her as she fondled and sucked on Suzie's sweet cunt lips, lapping with long, broad strokes of her tongue. At the same time, Suzie would be spreading Jenna's legs and using her tongue like a wet sponge ram on Jenna's asshole, licking around it in circles until it was soaking wet, then inserting her finger in the tight crevice as her tongue made its way along Jenna's long slit. Jenna began to salivate, and had to swallow several times at the thought of it. She hoped Suzie would come back soon.

Within a few minutes, Suzie came padding back into the room, a look of mischievous excitement on her face. Following her were Vince and another man, a stranger to Jenna, but a handsome one. Luckily, Jenna had composed herself enough to have thrown her clothes back on, though she was self-conscious at not running a brush through her hair and reapplying her lipstick and makeup.

"Jenna," Vince smoothly said, "what a pleasant surprise. I'd like you to meet my friend and business associate, Paul Wilson."

Paul walked over to Jenna and casually extended a hand. "Nice to meet you, Jenna."

"N...Nice to meet you too Paul," Jenna managed, still a little intoxicated by the liquor and sex. "It's my pleasure."

Paul was momentarily transfixed at the sight of Jenna. Vince had told her that she was pretty but Good Lord, she was exquisite. Long blonde hair, laser beam blue eyes, pouty lips and a body that...wow what a body. 

Jenna knew from his gaze what he was thinking. She wasn't Jenna for nothing, and the effect she had on men was legendary. And yet, looking at Paul, she surmised that he had a similar effect of women.

He looked to be in his late thirties, judging by a few lines and a couple of grays in his otherwise sandy blonde hair. Paul had the look of an athlete, a man who still took pride in his looks, but in a casual way. His broad shoulders and trim waist spoke of time in the gym or the mountain bike trail. His blue-gray eyes looked like they'd enjoyed many playing field and pub laughs. Tall and muscular, he carried himself with an air of self-confidence – something Jenna admired. Weak, tentative men did nothing for her except to serve as her gophers – something they were more than happy to do.

"Why don't you two freshen up a bit?" Vince suggested, walking over and picking up some legal sized files from a corner table. "Paul and I have a little business to attend to. Shouldn't be long, and hour or two at the most, and we'll pick up some dinner on the way home. Then we can party a bit – sound good?"

Suzie smiled at Jenna and nodded to her approval to Vince. Jenna, who had not taken her eyes off Paul yet, nodded as well, and watched his ass walk off as the men left.

"Oooh, he's a hotty, huh?" Suzie smiled to Jenna. "Hello, calling Jenna – is anyone home."

"He sure is," Jenna cooed. 

The razor felt cold against Jenna's skin. But Suzie seemed to handle it skillfully, as she trimmed the hair from Jenna's crotch and pussy. 

Jenna spread her legs and enjoyed the site of herself being manicured. Suzie spread cream on the blonde's pussy with a shaving brush, then masterfully removed the cream and hair without spilling a drop of blood. Now and again she'd pause and look up into Jenna's dreamy blue eyes, which seemed to be brimming with desire as they blinked slowly.

Suzie moved her fingers around Jenna's outer lips, positioning them this way and that to ensure a thorough job with no stray hairs. 'Oh God,' Jenna thought to herself, as ripples of pleasure warmed her pussy like a shot of bourbon warms the stomach. She felt her legs shaking slightly, though Suzie seemed to be too engrossed to notice. She so badly wanted to rub her aching pussy to help alleviate the buzzing inside, but it was not possible. As if not noticing at all, Suzie stretched the skin to make a flatter shaving surface, as Jenna's lower lip trembled slightly and her hands twitched. It was when Suzie moved her fingers around Jenna's asshole to catch one or two errant hairs that the blonde closed her eyes tight, clenched her jaw and raised her head, trying desperately to keep from bucking her hips. 

Jenna breathed in deeply, inhaling the fragrant shampoo from Suzie's long, silky hair. She studied the girl's delicate Oriental features, and grinned at the concentration on her face. She certainly took her work seriously, a plus whenever one has a razor blade in one's hand.

Removing the excess cream with a soft towel, Suzie smiled as she exposed her masterpiece, a beautifully bald pussy, with a perfect patch of blonde hair above it. No cuts or razor bumps. Wetting a small section of towel, she made sure to remove every stray hair by irrigating Jenna's pussy, then patting and rubbing it with the dry part of the towel. By the time she had repeated this procedure several times, Jenna's pussy was truly free of hair and cream, and her clit was protruding like a hard marble. 

"All done, baby." Suzie sighed. "Your turn to do me."

As Suzie got up off her knees, her voluptuous naked body was fully exposed again to Jenna. Like a Roman sculpture, with strong, athletic legs, flat stomach, wide ribs and large, perfectly shaped tits. Jenna swallowed hard, her resistance diminished by the eroticism of having her pussy kneaded and shaved, them wetted down and patted dry. Leaning into Suzie, Jenna took the lovely face into her hands and kissed Suzie deeply, swirling her tongue all around the inside of Suzie's mouth and moaning in frenzied delight as Suzie returned the kiss. Jenna felt as though she wanted to swallow Suzie's lips and tongue, frantically kissing her sultry mouth, then lifting Suzie's face up to lick and kiss the girl's neck. 

Reveling in the passion, Suzie reached out and cupped Jenna's tits in her hands, running her fingernails in small circles over the nipples, until they strained the bounds of her skin, sticking out nearly an inch. Jenna's eyelids fluttered as the moisture built up within her pussy, and all she could think of was Suzie's tongue and the sweet relief it could bring.

Suck...suck my pussy Suzie. Lick my cunt for me baby," Jenna sighed, trying to keep it from sounding like the plea it in fact was.

"With pleasure, Jenna," Suzie replied in a low voice, licking her way down Jenna's fine body. Jenna threw her head back and shivers coursed through her, goosebumps spreading out all over her body. Suzie's tongue was making patterns along her smooth skin, snaking it's way to her crotch.

Lifting Jenna's legs, she licked her delicious feet and calves on her way up the smooth expanse of her thighs. The closer she got to Jenna's crotch, the more the blonde's hips and ass wiggled on the cold tile of the sunken bathtub. As she finally got to Jenna's smooth hairless pussy, Jenna raised those incredible legs and rested them on Suzie's shoulders. Breathing hard, Suzie moved her thumb along the bottom of Jenna's pussy, close to her perineum, and used her other hand to cup her own breast, which kept it from hitting the tile and felt great, besides.

Moving her tongue in different directions and never staying in the same spot or licking the same way, Suzie sucked Jenna's pussy lovingly. 

Moving her tongue down, she stuck it into Jenna's pussy like a small, wet cock...in and out, in and out. As her thumb played along Jenna's clit, her tongue moved its way down, further down, until she was licking around the lovely blonde's asshole, which she could see nearly winking its approval to her.

Jenna was traveling through tunnels of pleasure. Suzie's tongue was like no other she had ever known. It was pure magic. At times so soft and wet, at other times seeming as hard as steel. So this was what they talked about in college. How no one could please a girl like another girl. God, she thought, how true it was.

Jenna swallowed hard, again...again, as Suzie sent her on a foggy journey. At times, with her eyes closed, she felt as though she was in the middle of dream, hands touching her, tongues licking at her. But this way no dream. And she came closer, ever closer to sweet orgasm.

Suzie stopped for a minute, spreading a huge thick bath towel on the bathroom floor. "C'mere," she hissed at Jenna, curling her finger, her sensual Oriental eyes so incredibly erotic, so seductive.

Jenna poured herself off the raised bathtub like spilt oil flowing from a counter, and slid onto the floor in front of Suzie. 

Suzie lapped at Jenna's swollen cunt like a hungry dog drinking from a fresh puddle. Sticking her thumb in Jenna's pussy, Suzie began to ream her asshole, licking in circles all around it, over it and in it. When it was prepared, good and wet, Suzie took it a step further. 

Jenna felt and saw hot flashes of light inside her head as Suzie's tongue began to gently probe her asshole. At first, she stuck just the tip in, but as Jenna's hole relaxed and stretched, she got her tongue further and further in to the tight, silky tunnel. At the same time, her thumb made circular patterns around Jenna's swollen clit. Suzie was loving it, her own pussy becoming a swimming pool of juices as her excitement built. She used her delicate hands to spread Jenna's ass wide. Her tongue was a study in shapes and textures. One moment soft and flat, gently licking the outside of the Jenna's asshole, eliciting cooing sounds from the blonde. The next second it was hard and pointed, snaking its way inside of Jenna's tight asshole.

Goosebumps covered Jenna's gorgeous pale skin. She felt what Suzie was doing not only in her genitals, but in her calves, her neck, her stomach. Her nipples seems to be trying to break out of her skin, hard as steel and tingling like a tuning fork. There was no question about it – Suzie pleased her more then any women, and person, ever had before. Jenna had always thought that she was happiest sexually with a cock in her mouth or stretching her pussy. But Suzie's delicate touch had changed all that. The soft sensuality of being made love by this woman was beyond sex and beyond passion. It was in a yet to be named category of exctasy.

These thoughts poured into Jenna's brain at light speed but didn't stay long, because her thoughts were being washed away by a tidal wave of sex hormones, flooding into her system at an impossible rate. Small moans escaped her mouth. Her hands shook as she touched her neck to...was it hot? Everything seemed hot. Her skin seemed to be on fire. Every time she touched herself, or Suzie touched her thighs, her ass – anything – it was like a small explosion that sent ripples of pleasure that seemed to go on for miles. How could it go on and on this way? She had never...

Suzie was using her tongue in ways that...God, was she human? She seemed to have a repertoire of sexual abilities that never ended. Just when Jenna grew accustomed to what she was doing, Suzie changed the play and brought her to another level.

Suzie alternately sucked on Jenna's clit and then blew on it, smiling up at Jenna with those half-lidded Oriental eyes, which had to be the sexiest shape ever created. If an architect of the flesh had the assignment of creating the most exquisite eyes, Suzie's would be the winning design. Her lips curled up slightly in a cat-like smile as her breath made Jenna's pussy buzz. And then, Oh God, she took Jenna's clit between her lips and literally hummed like a vibrator. Jenna's body stiffened and relaxed, stiffened and relaxed. It was like being in a warm wave pool, with the sensations washing over her and receding, then beginning again.

Wait...what was that feeling? Jenna had cum before, many times before. It was always a pleasurable experience that built until a final, inevitably pleasing conclusion. But this was...different. 

Most guys seemed to lick pussy like they were licking an ice cream cone and didn't want to drip. Results oriented, they usually licked the same spot – her clit – over and over until it was nearly desensitized and she eventually came based on sheer human physiology. The same principal as a hand job on a guy. Boring, unimaginative, but ultimately successful – like it or not.

But Suzie was reveling in the sight, taste and texture of Jenna's silky pussy. Her fingers massaged both the inner and outer lips. Her tongue followed, leaving no surface unattended. She'd lick Jenna's clit, but it was more of a teasing maneuver than a goal-post stand – she didn't linger long.

But now that Jenna was breathing like she needed oxygen, her body a quivering mass of tingling flesh, Suzie knew that playtime was over and Jenna needed to cum – now.

Suzie reached two fingers in a V shape into Jenna's sopping pussy. Curling the fingers upward, she contacted the hard ridge surface on top of Jenna's pussy. Lightly curling and uncurling her fingers in a "come here" motion, she felt for the G-spot, as she used her tongue and lips to envelop Jenna's engorged clit.

"Suzie...darling, " Jenna breathed, "that's so...wonderful...feels so...intense baby..."

Jenna's hips rose and fell on the fuzzy towel, her mouth open in passion and her eyes opening wide and closing as the intensity of the feeling rocked her.

"Mmmm...mmmm...Suzie," Jenna gasped and moaned, her voice sputtering, "Oh yeah baby...that's it right there. Suck my pussy...my cunt...take it all...take it..."

Time to die, Jenna, Suzie laughed to herself. The blondes breathing was ragged, her body swaying, nipples protruding like missile silos. The coup de grace was coming. Wetting her finger with Jenna's flowing juices, Suzie abruptly inserted it into Jenna's willing asshole.

Jenna felt as though she had been plugged into an electrical socket. Waves of pure energy surged through her as the orgasm that had been building and beginning to boil under the surface crashed through the waves with the force of an earthquake. The fireworks show behind her tightly closed eyes was spectacular and colorful. Bright flashes of light and sound tuned everything else in the world out.

Her hips bucked uncontrollably up and down, but Suzie held tight, her finger in Jenna's asshole and her mouth planted on her clit.

"Oh Gooooddddd," Jenna gasped, "Fu...fu...fucking...cumming so ha....so hard...mmmm...ahhhh...yeah...Suzieeeeee."

Jenna's pussy flooded Suzie mouth with delicious juices, something she never, ever did with a guy – didn't even know she was capable of it. But she was. She held Suzie's face on her pussy and her orgasm was so intense that it lasted several minutes, though it seemed like much longer to Jenna.

Finally, her breathing returned to normal and her body, nearly convulsing during her orgasm, settled down into a peaceful afterglow.

Both girls heard the unmistakable sounds of people entering the house and knew, disappointingly, that Jenna's turn at licking the daylights out of Suzie's gorgeous pussy was going to have to be put on hold.

They cleaned up the bathroom and stood side naked by side in front of the large mirror applying their makeup, playfully bumping their hips into each other like 9th graders and laughing like them, too.

Sticking his head into the open bathroom door, Vince was nearly bowled over at the sight of two flawless specimens of womanhood naked together. The rear view of their asses, large pussy lips peeking out, was indeed hard-on inducing. But no more than the sight of those incredible faces, lustrous lips highlighted by lipstick. Jenna's tits were nearly ideal, but Suzie's, Vince noticed while drooling, were like two large, perfectly shaped cantaloupes.

"Join us in the den when you've got your faces on," he laughed. "Dinner's here and we have something fun in mind."

He had something in mind for both of them all right...Vince retreated to the den.

"Suzie," Jenna said softly when they were almost done with their faces. "I...I have a problem. A big one."

"With money you mean?" Suzie replied, recalling their earlier conversation.

"Is there any other kind?" she laughed, as did Suzie. With these girls the only problem with men was too many, and they both knew it. Money was the only problem Jenna could be referring to. 

"Look, Jenna," Suzie said understandingly, stepping close the Jenna. "I know things have been tough for you. I've been there. But Jenna, with your looks, my God, and your personality, I can teach you how to sell so much real estate that you'll have more than you can spend."

Jenna tingled at the thought...but there was a catch. She'd have to actually work. So undesirable.

"Yes...work...I guess I could do that," she said, unconvincingly.

"There is another option, Jenna," Suzie said, picking up on Jenna's reluctance. That handsome friend of Vince's out there, Paul, is quite successful himself, and single. If you could somehow hook up with him..."

Music. Opera. A symphony to Jenna's ears! Young, wealthy, good looking and single. Screw working. This Paul Wilson was going to be hers by the time the night was over. He'd have no choice, never know what hit him. Jenna was going to turn it on full throttle. Hello Mr. Wilson...say goodbye to your heart.

To be continued...

Next: This is no orgy...this is heaven.