 Caroline Masterson was successful. Of that there can be little doubt but life had not always been easy for her. It had been hard to make her way to the top in a male dominated profession. But after years of hard work she was the company's top negotiator.

Caroline had all the trappings of success that might be expected of a lady in her position: Fine clothes, a nice apartment overlooking the marina, a top of the range jaguar car, in fact everything you could wish for. There was perhaps one small problem. One thing that she did not have - a lover.

Oh yes, there had been boyfriends and girlfriends along the way, but all her relationships had ended, some amicably and some not so friendly. The fact was that Caroline was immersed in her career. She had no time for relationships. Getting to the top and staying there was a constant battle. A battle that left no time for personal friendships of any sort, let alone something so demanding as a lover.

She had made it a personal rule not to have intimate relations with others in the firm. She had seen too many such friendships turn nasty. No, it was best to stay aloof from the men and women at work. Getting involved was just not worth the risk.

To be honest Caroline could manage without relationships. The satisfaction she got from her high-powered job was enough for her. Except just one thing - Caroline had a high sex drive. Often she just wished that she could have a one-night stand with someone she fancied. A good, hard sex session then finish, forgotten. Not to be repeated. But Caroline knew that such things were either too dangerous or just not possible. She had been there before when she was younger. They always telephoned her a few days later. 'Can we meet for a meal?' they would ask. Before you knew it another ill-fated relationship would start. So Caroline managed without.

Her job took her all over the country, taking part in meetings with other professionals. They were often in committee rooms in large hotels. The distances involved usually meant that Caroline had to stay the night. In her overnight case she always carried a vibrator for the lonely evenings in her hotel room. She would relax and think of the men an women in the meeting she had attended. She fantasised about them: Did the property developer from Manchester have it off with his gorgeous PA who seemed to look at him so knowingly? I bet the dirty bitch sucks his cock at every opportunity, thought Caroline. Dirty lucky bitch. 

What about the older woman from PR. She had been looking at Caroline in a funny way. Caroline was sure she fancied her. Not too bad either for an older woman.

Caroline's mind ran over all the lewd possibilities as the vibrator pleasured her.

I wonder if her pubic hair matches the hair on her head, Caroline mused. It would be nice to try a bit of carpet munching with her. Get my face into her nice thick, mature bush and lick her clit.

Of course the players in Caroline's fantasies were probably all very respectable people, faithful to their partners and would not dream of entering into the sort of scenarios that Caroline's febrile imagination conjured up. But for now they were Caroline's playthings in an imaginary orgy of lustful games.

Caroline held her vibrator against her swollen clitoris. Her mind full of erotic images she orgasmed again and again.

This pattern continued as Caroline attended meetings around the country. She worked hard during the day, making good deals for her company, adding to her bonuses and in the quiet of her room enjoying a solo orgy populated with people she had met during the day.

Then there was a change. The meeting in a small Midlands hotel was particularly arduous. The other negotiators were devoid of humour and bargained hard, quibbling over every last pound. It was a dark, damp foggy day in November and the hotel seemed to be trying to cut their heating bill. The meeting room was chilly and Caroline was glad when the meeting finished and she could get back to her room which, mercifully, was quite comfortable. Caroline was conscious of a nagging pain in her neck and shoulder. Not too surprising she thought, what with the chilly room and the chilly demeanour of the other people in the meeting. As she approached the lift to her floor in the hotel Caroline spotted a notice on the wall advertising the hotel's massage spa offering relaxing therapeutic massage treatments.

Caroline paused. Perhaps that is what she needed. She felt tense and that pain in the neck was getting worse. 

On entering the spa the first thing that Caroline noticed was the subtle aroma. A sort of musky, spicy scent that was quite pleasing. The lighting was a dim pink that was soothing on her tired eyes. There was the sound of a gentle summer rain shower from a wall-mounted speaker.

The attendant in the spa was a pretty lady wearing a white clinical coat.

'Good evening madam,' she smiled. 'How can we help?'

Caroline explained that she had a pain in her neck.

'Oh I am sure we can help with that madam. A relaxing massage can work wonders after a stressful day. You would be amazed how many stressed ladies come to us for a soothing hour or so after business meetings. We use a special lotion we blend ourselves from a variety of essential oils' 

'Oh well' responded Caroline. 'What have I got to lose? I need to be fighting fit tomorrow. Let's go for it.'

The spa lady, who introduced herself as Sylvie, guided Caroline to a softly lit room with a massage table in the centre. Scented candles gave the room a pleasant ambience . Sylvie passed Caroline a fluffy towel.

'If you would like to undress and lay face down on the table and cover yourself with the towel. I will return in a few moments and give your your massage.'

Left alone in the room Caroline began to undress. Then, naked, Caroline lay on the massage table and draped the towel to cover her bottom and waited for Sylvie to return.

Sylvie gently began to massage Caroline's neck and shoulder.

'Ah Caroline your neck is knotted up, but if you just relax I can ease all that tension away and you will feel a new woman' 

'Oh yes Sylvie. I can feel you doing me good already.'

Caroline closed her eyes and relaxed as Sylvie's magical fingers eased the muscles in her neck.

'Mmmmmm' she breathed contentedly.

'Is that nice?' queried Sylvie.

'Oh yes, Sylvie, it's wonderful.'

'Would you like me to continue, Caroline and massage the rest of your back? You have a lot of tension.'

'Yes Sylvie. That would be nice. It has been such a stressful day. I need something to ease the tension.'

'Shall I pull this towel away now Caroline?'

Without waiting for a reply Sylvie flicked the towel away in one deft movement. She started to move her hands lower down Caroline's back gently stroking the stress of the day away. When she reached Caroline's bottom she began to knead the flesh in firm but gentle squeezes.

'Aah that's nice,' sighed Caroline. 'I'm afraid my bum's a bit big.'

Sylvie laughed softly. 'Nonsense Caroline, you have a lovely bottom.'

'I bet you say that to all the girls,' laughed Caroline. As she chuckled at her own little quip she realised that the pain in her neck had completely gone and she felt better than she had for ages.

As if reading her mind, Sylvie asked 'How is your neck now Caroline?'

'Oh much better Sylvie. That's marvellous. You have done an amazing job.'

'Oh good, I'm so pleased,' responded Sylvie. Then her voice dropped to little more than a whisper. 'That completes the standard massage therapy, Caroline. But if you wish I can provide some extra services.'

'Oh,' said Caroline. 'What do you mean exactly?'

'You haven't been here before have you Caroline?'

'No, never. I have never stayed at this hotel before.'

'Well Caroline we have a standard range of therapies that are agreed with the hotel management at a fixed fee.' She hesitated for a moment. 'But the girls who work here in the spa will provided extra services at an extra fee.'

As she spoke she squeezed Caroline's bottom suggestively.

'I cover all the intimate areas and provide complete satisfaction. How does that sound to you Caroline?' she asked, giving another gentle squeeze to Caroline's bottom.

Caroline swallowed. Her throat felt suddenly dry. She realised that Sylvie was offering her sexual fulfilment for a price. A price that Caroline could easily afford, but on the other hand she baulked at the idea of paying for sex. After all she could easily have sex with a list of people if she wanted.

But Sylvie was a nice girl and Caroline was only too aware that she needed something more and after all this could be perfect. There was no commitment, no embarrassing follow ups, no more painful separations. Yes it was just what she needed.

'Er how much is the extra service?' she heard herself ask.

'Fifty pounds covers everything, Caroline,'

'Yes Sylvie I would like that.'

'That's fine Caroline. I like you. It will be nice. Would you like me to take my clothes off Caroline?'

'Yes please Sylvie, you do look rather overdressed compared to me.'

Caroline watched as Sylvie slipped out of her clothes. When she was naked Sylvie asked Caroline to turn over onto her back and began to massage Caroline again, starting with her breasts. This was a different sort of massage, concentrating on Caroline's erogenous zones. 

Caroline felt wonderful. Sylvie's hands played gently with her breasts. It may have been that Sylvie was a consummate actor, a professional earning her pay but she certainly appeared to be enjoying the experience every bit as much as Caroline was.

Sylvie nimbly climbed onto the table, straddling Caroline's naked body. Their naked flesh in close intimate contact. Caroline's body tingled with pleasure as she felt Sylvie's nakedness.

Oh this is so good, she thought.

In her position of control Sylvie had Caroline under her power. She began to tweak Caroline's nipples, making them erect. Her touch was gentle but firm.

'You have sensitive nipples, don't you Caroline?' queried Sylvie as she felt Caroline reacting to her touch Sylvie chuckled softly as she felt Caroline's breathing change. Sylvie was slowly rubbing herself against Caroline as she sat astride her. Their vaginas separated by fractions of an inch. Caroline started to push herself up involuntarily closing the gap.

'Oooooh, I'm cumming,' she groaned. 'You're making me cum.'

'Yes,' said Sylvie in a husky voice. 'Yes and I'm going to make you cum again Caroline. 'I'm going to make you cum a lot.'

'Oh yes please, Sylvie. Do it again.'

Sylvie slid off the table and immediately placed her fingers between Caroline's legs, teasingly close to Caroline's vagina. Sylvie smiled as Caroline tried to inch closer to the tantalizing fingers. Gradually, Sylvie's fingers reached Caroline's eager slit. Caroline sucked in her breath as at last the invading fingers reached her vagina. Sylvie explored the area around Caroline's labia just touching, teasing until gradually she introduced just one finger then two, gradually allowing her fingering to become more intense. She carefully judged her finger movements making sure that Caroline enjoyed every deft movement. Of course Sylvie liked to make sure that her clients wanted to return again for more, but it would be too cynical to think that her motivation was purely monetary. Sylvie enjoyed her work and took pride in the pleasure she gave.

Her fingers circled Caroline's swollen clitoris. She came again.

'Do you like oral?' asked Sylvie.

''Yes, oh yes,' whispered Caroline horsely.

Sylvie parted Caroline's thighs and began to flick her tongue along the length of Caroline's slit. Sylvie explored Caroline's clitoris with the tip of her tongue before thrusting it deep into the pink cave.

Caroline grasped the edge of the table in her sweet agony.

'Sylvie can I, can I do that to you please? I would really like that.'

Sylvie did not reply. She just changed position so that they were in a classic sixty-nine position with Sylvie on top. Caroline was treated to the delicious sight of Sylvie's moist opening, beckoning her tongue. After studying the tempting target for a moment, Caroline tongued the lovely slit, licking and sucking the delightful pink folds. What bliss to feel Sylvie's tongue between her legs as her tongue explored Sylvie's wet slit.

It was not long before both women tasted each other's orgasm as they both came together in a breathless tangle of limbs.

After they had both showered and dressed Caroline paid her fee and Sylvie gave Caroline a sisterly peck on the cheek. 

'I hope to see you gain Caroline. I work Tuesdays and Thursdays if you want to see me personally. If you come another day I am sure any of the other girls would make you welcome. Oh and I should mention that we have a male masseur on Saturdays. His name is Andre and is quite popular.'

'Oh does he do extra services too?' asked Caroline.

Sylvie smiled knowingly. 'Well Caroline I can't say definitely because that sort of information is confidential. But I am quite sure you would leave satisfied.'

Caroline didn't use her vibrator that evening, but she did continue to carry it with her on her travels for those occasions when the hotel did not have a spa. When there was a spa Caroline didn't mind paying the price.