 Caroline Masterson, was a senior negotiator with a Bristol based development company. Her whole life was wrapped up in her career. She was determined to be on the company board before she reached forty. At thirty-eight the clock was ticking. Caroline was determined that nothing would stop her reaching her goal. But there was a price to be paid for her single-minded approach. She simply had no time for relationships. She was not prepared to compromise her position in the firm by getting intimately involved with any of the other staff. This was all well and good except that Caroline was a highly sexed woman. She always had been. Her vibrator was a constant companion on her many trips to other parts of the country but lately she had discovered the joys of massage spas in some of the hotels she visited. (See previous story "Paying the Price")

Caroline continued to visit the massage spas. Not too often – no more than once or maybe twice a month. It wasn't the cost. That was no object. Like every other part of her life, Caroline was holding herself in check. Self-control and determination had got her to where she was and she was resolute in staying there. The visits to the massage parlours was a little treat she permitted herself. Whenever she entered these premises she felt a thrill run through her body, anticipating the delights that waited her. The low lights, the scent of candles, the soft fluffy towels and, of course,the lovely obliging masseuse. She had not seen Sylvie, the first masseuse she had met, since her first visit. The girls worked part-time shifts, making it difficult for the busy Caroline to plan her visits to coincide with particular girls. In a way that was an advantage. There was the extra thrill of a new experience. All of the girls had a similar approach, but varied in little details. They would complete the regular massage with a suggestive squeeze of a thigh asking if Caroline would like any extra therapies.

Caroline always agreed to these proposals and enjoyed the intimacies that the girls offered. They were all good, some very good. One girl, a petite Eurasian girl called Suki, surprised Caroline, asking her if she would like to try mild bondage. Suki looked to be in her early twenties, but Caroline knew that Eurasian girls are often fortunate to look younger than their years. It seemed a little strange that such a small, innocent-looking woman would be able to dominate her. Caroline had never tried bondage before with any of her sex partners. Sensing Caroline's hesitation, Suki reassuringly said, 'Don't worry, Caroline, if you don't like it just say "Stop." and I will stop straight away. Trust me.'

"All right, then, I'll try it."

Suki took several silk scarves out of her bag and tied two round Caroline's wrists and two round her ankles. All around the edge of the massage table were stainless steel rings that Caroline had not noticed before. In a few moments Suki had threaded the silk scarves through the rings and secured them firmly. Caroline found herself spread-eagled face up on the table unable to move.

"Now you are under my control, Caroline. I can do what I want to you,' whispered Suki, gently squeezing Caroline's left nipple as she spoke. "Just one final touch, I think." Suki reached into her bag and took out two more scarves which she tied round Caroline's legs, just above her knees. These she fastened to more rings near the middle of the table, pulling Caroline's legs wide open in the process.

"Oooh," gasped Caroline as she realised that her vagina was fully exposed and vulnerable. Suki ran a teasing finger along Caroline's exposed labia. Suki laughed a tinkling laugh as, when she pulled her finger away Caroline arched her body up trying to maintain contact. Suki kissed Caroline lightly on the lips, her fingers resting gently on Caroline's inner thigh. Suki began to gently run her fingers around Caroline's vagina but not quite touching the moist opening. Caroline groaned, wanting Suki's fingers to invade her. Suki stepped away from the table just out of Caroline's range of vision. Caroline could hear the rustle of clothing as Suki removed her things. She strained at her bonds to catch a glimpse of her lovely tormentor but she was infuriatingly unable to see anything. Then Suki bent over the table, her head close to Caroline's vagina. Caroline could feel the girl's warm breath on her opening. Suki touched the tip of her tongue on Caroline's clitoris. Just the merest touch. To Caroline it was a jolt of electricity. Then Suki's lips were on her nipples with fingers ever so lightly caressing the pink folds of flesh. Slowly Suki increased the tempo suckling Caroline's nipples as she fingered her vagina first with one delicate finger then two. Just as Caroline was ready to orgasm, Suki suddenly withdrew her fingers leaving Caroline straining helplessly against the silk scarves robbed of her sexual release. 

"No, no, don't stop, Suki, I want to cum!" sobbed Caroline. 

Suki changed her stance. With an economy of movement her lithe body was astride Caroline. She positioned herself so that her face was close to Caroline's fully aroused vagina while her own naked loins hovered tantalisingly over Caroline's face. Caroline could feel Suki's breath on her aroused slit. She was so close to cumming, desperate for Suki to continue to finger her to orgasm. But Suki was determined to control the situation. In her mounting frustration Caroline called out "Fuck me you bitch, fuck me." It was strange for the usually restrained Caroline to use such language. That she was doing so was a measure of the frustration she felt at her delayed orgasm. 

Slowly the urgency subsided. Suki timed her actions perfectly and began to gently run her tongue along Caroline's engorged labia. It was enough to bring Caroline back toward the edge but not quite enough to push her over.

Caroline could see Suki's perfectly formed vagina inches above her face. The slit was framed by neatly trimmed dark pubic hair. It was such a tempting sight Caroline wanted to taste it, push her tongue between the lips and taste the pink flesh. But Suki kept her distance as Caroline strained to reach up to the delicate morsel that was so close yet so far.

"Do you want it Caroline? Do you want my pussy?"

"Yes, Yes, Suki. I want it."

"Ask nicely Caroline and say please and I may let you have it."

"Please Suki, please may I have your pussy?"

"What will you do with it Caroline?" teased her tormentor.

"I would like to lick it Suki. I want to push my tongue up your cunt and taste you."

The reply evidently pleased Suki because she lowered her hips allowing Caroline's tongue to reach her. Caroline wasted no time. Scared that this treat might be snatched away from her she licked greedily, forcing the tight slit open with her tongue, lapping at the pearls of moisture inside. Suki did not remove the treat out of Caroline's reach. In fact she moved closer bringing her clitoris close to Caroline's eager tongue. Caroline lapped at the pink button, circling round it until it was exposed enough for her to suck on it like a little teat. Suki sat up pressing herself down on Caroline's face, grinding her vagina over Caroline's mouth. Caroline lapped feverishly at the wet hole. Suddenly Suki groaned and pressed down on Caroline's open mouth soaked her face in her love juices.

It took a few moments for her to recover.

"That was good Caroline. You made me cum. Now it is your turn."

Suki positioned herself between Caroline's legs which were still stretched wide open by the silk scarves. She used both hands to stretch Caroline's vagina open and buried her face into the sopping wet folds. Caroline thrust herself up to meet the invading tongue. Suki lapped noisily and Caroline sobbed with pleasure. Suki rubbed Caroline's swollen clitoris with a thumb as she explored the inside of her vagina with her tongue.

"Oooooooh!" Caroline's orgasm made her shudder with pleasure. It went on and on and all the while Suki's face remained pressed into Caroline's erupting vagina. When at last she emerged her face glistened with the result of Caroline's orgasm. She reached up and kissed Caroline fully on the lips allowing her to taste her own cum.

Later as Suki unfastened the silk scarves allowing Caroline to get up from the table she asked if Caroline had enjoyed her first bondage experience.

"Oh yes Suki. It was so exciting to be controlled, not knowing what was coming next. I loved it."

"Good. If you come back here perhaps you would like to go a step further. Let me stretch your boundaries."

"I feel quite stretched already," laughed Caroline. "but yes I think I would like that Suki. I don't remember cumming as hard as I did today."

Caroline paid her fee. It was a little more than usual. Apparently special services such as bondage were charged at a premium rate, but well worth it in Caroline's opinion.

The Bristol firm that employed Caroline had a hot-desk policy. That meant that those employees that travelled around in the course of their work did not have a permanent office space but made use of any spare desk. Caroline kept her visits to the office to a minimum but sometimes it couldn't be avoided. The last Thursday in every month was such an occasion for that was when her monthly account had to be finalised. She looked around the open office and saw a spare desk next to Cherie Ford. Cherie was fellow negotiator from another team. They had both started with the firm at about the same time. They greeted each other in a perfunctory way. Both ladies were task-oriented and wanted to focus on the job in hand. Caroline plugged in her notebook to the work station and started work.

After a few minutes both ladies were interrupted by a girl from the post room who pushed a cardboard box with a slot cut crudely in the top onto the work stations.

"I'm collecting for Dianne's wedding gift. Would you like to chip in ladies?"

"Dianne who?" queried Cherie.

"Dianne Smith." replied the girl. She's in HR."

"Oh OK" Cherie slipped a twenty pound note through the slot in the box.

Without a word Caroline followed Cherie's example and pushed a note into the box.

"Oh thank you ladies. That's brilliant. Will you be going to Dianne's hen party on Saturday?'

"Maybe," replied Caroline. "If I'm not too busy." Actually she had no intention of going. Parties were not her thing.

After the girl had wandered off, looking for others to contribute to the wedding gift fund, Cherie turned to Caroline. "Will you go to the hen party Caroline?"

"Oh I shouldn't think so. I don't have the time or inclination."

"Actually I think it could be a good idea to go. The new CEO, Mrs Ferguson, is quite big on corporate bonding. She likes staff at all levels in the firm to get together socially. It has been noticed that you don't mix much."

"Oh I see. Well in that case...."

"I'll pick you up at 7 pm on Saturday. It'll save us taking two cars."

"Oh all right," replied Caroline without much enthusiasm. 

When they arrived at the Bristol nightclub for the hen party it looked as awful as Caroline had feared. Women making fools of themselves with silly hats and tee shirts with silly slogans on them, many bordering on the obscene. Quite a few were already quite inebriated. 

"Some of them have been pre-loading" observed Cherie.

"There'll be some sore heads tomorrow," agreed Caroline. Both ladies were far too mature and sensible to join in such frivolity.

A group of girls cavorted round the room in a crazy conga line. Caroline and Cherie resisted attempts to be dragged into the line.

Then an announcement came over a loud speaker:

"Ladies, please make some noise for your entertainer for the evening – Black Diamond"

There was the sound of tom-toms being beaten and a muscular black man wearing a skimpy loin-cloth skipped into the room.

Girls clapped, cheered and cat-called as the man leaped, cartwheeled and cavorted round the room, passing briefly in front of giggling women. He stood in front of one woman thrusting his pelvis suggestively. She reached out to him, but he skipped away, to land in front of another woman. This time he handed her bottle of oil and invited her to rub it onto his muscular frame. The other women at the table cheered her, encouraging her to rub close to the area covered by the loin-cloth.

"Has he got anything on under that thing?" asked one woman.

"I don't know, shall I have a look?" The table erupted in laughter.

They were soon to discover the answer to the question when Black Diamond invited a woman from accounts to unfasten the flimsy garment. There were shrieks and claps as Black Diamond's penis sprang into view. He careered around with his thick, black cock swinging this way and that.

Caroline swallowed hard. This was unexpected. She glanced across at her friend, Cherie, whose gaze was fixed on the exotic dancer.

"Goodness," said Caroline.

"He's well hung," said Cherie. "There are quite a few here who would like to take that home with them."

The now naked man teased the girls by flaunting his penis close, but darting out of reach as they tried to touch him. Then after completing a circuit of the room he stood proudly, legs apart next to one of the girls who had been cheering most loudly. Black Diamond took his bottle of oil and poured a little carefully onto his penis. He took hold of the girl's hands and guided them to his genitals and indicated that she should rub the oil into his thick shaft. The girl didn't hesitate. She carefully began to rub the oil in, making the man's penis slick and shiny like polished ebony. The other women at her table cheered her on.

"Look he's getting a hard on," shrieked one.

"Suck his knob, Kath," called another.

Quite a few of the women had taken their mobile phones out and were moving into positions where they could photograph the lewd event being played out.

Black Diamond, pulled away from the girl who was stoking his penis and moved to another table, proffering his now semi-erect penis to an older woman from Corporate Hospitality. She grasped the shaft in one hand and cupped his heavy balls in the other.

"Wank him off," shouted one of her colleagues.

"Put his knob in your mouth."

To Caroline's astonishment, the woman from Corporate Hospitality leaned forward and, to the cheers of her companions, took the huge penis head into her mouth. She sucked while she stroked.

"I don't know what her husband would make of that," observed Cherie.

"Is she married?" asked Caroline.

"Married with three kids."

"Goodness."

Caroline was doing her best not to betray any emotion but the sight of the black man with her erect ebony cock was having an effect. She longed to plunge her hand up her skirt and finger herself, but in the full view of her work colleagues she did not dare. She pressed her thighs tightly together to assuage the mounting excitement.

"Fuck, he's coming this way," warned Cherie, her hand grabbed Caroline's leg.

Sure enough, Black Diamond was making a bee line for their table. Caroline looked the other way, hoping he would pass by.

He stopped straight in front of her. His shiny, black erection inches from her face. She could see the thick, veined shaft, the knob, still shiny from the sucking it had just received, the heavy balls, even the little slit at the head of the penis. Caroline was transfixed. She was rooted to the spot.

"Suck his prick, Caroline."

"Wank him off."

"Make him spunk up."

Words of advice and encouragement came from all sides.

Caroline wanted to do all these things. She wanted to bend over the table, pull her knickers to one side and have him mount her.

Instead she smiled and gave the penis a little squeeze. She didn't want to appear a spoil-sport but did not wish to look too keen either.

Black Diamond moved to more fertile ground. When Caroline looked across the room Black Diamond had the girl from the post-room on his knee bouncing her up and down.

The act ended when Black Diamond took the hand of the Dianne, bride-to-be and led her out in the direction of the changing room.

"Make sure he wears a johnny," someone called.

"Yes don't get pregnant on your hen night."

"He's only taking me for a drink, protested the bride-to-be."

"Yea, but a drink of what? Spunk?"

There were gales of laughter as the couple disappeared out of the door.

"Well what did you think of that, Caroline" asked Cherie.

"OK, if you like that kind of thing I suppose," replied Caroline dismissively, trying to disguise the excitement she felt.

"Well I wouldn't mind sitting on his lap for a while," responded Cherie wistfully.

As they left the nightclub Caroline noticed a stack of cards on a table in the foyer. She picked up the top card. It was an advertisement:

BLACK DIAMOND

MALE EXOTIC DANCER

HEN PARTIES

PRIVATE PARTIES

NAKED BUTLER SERVICE

MASSAGE

ESCORT SERVICE

There was a phone number.

Caroline slipped the card into her handbag.

As Cherie drove her home Caroline was very thoughtful.