 Pansy was living proof that good things do indeed come in small packages. The knockout blonde only stood 5' 1" but had, big blue eyes, 38DD breasts, shapely legs, and a firm butt for her small frame. She weighed 102 lbs and most of that was breasts and butt. Heads turned and eyes stared wherever she went but she seemed oblivious to all the attention that she attracted. She grew up in a very strict family and was taught that sex was dirty. Pansy stopped dating boys when she was in high-school because all they ever wanted was to do dirty things with her.

The 22 year old beauty had just finished college and decided to look for a job and then get a place of her own. She yearned to be independent and have some space all to herself. While sipping coffee and scanning through the morning paper she saw that the warden at a nearby correction institute for women was looking for an assistant. She thought that sounded good so she put on her best blouse and skirt and drove the 18 miles to the prison. 

Pansy sat nervously at Warden Mildred Miles' desk. Ms. Miles was a slender 42 year old woman with, brown hair, brown eyes, tiny breasts, and she wore glasses but she was tall. Most people seem tall to Pansy but Mildred stood 5' 11". As she went over Pansy's application the warden began to ask personal questions such as, "Are you Married my dear?"

Pansy answered, "No."

"Do you have a boyfriend?" same answer. "Do you have a girl friend?" 

The young girl said, " No" and added that she was a virgin and hadn't had sex with anybody.

A security guard walked in the office and handed some paperwork to the warden. She bumped into Pansy's chair and before she could apologize Pansy blurted out, "Please excuse me, I am so sorry." The woman and the warden just gazed at each other with puzzled expressions on their faces wondering why the girl felt the need to apologize for something that was clearly not her fault. The warden decided to explore this further, got up and purposely spilled some coffee on Pansy's blouse and skirt. Once again the girl called herself clumsy and said that she was sorry. 

The warden then demanded that Pansy take off her blouse and skirt and that the security guard would take them to the laundry room and have the clothing cleaned for her. Patsy stammered, "I umm,ah... don't th... think that will be necessary, it isn't that bad."

The warden sternly replied, "Oh but I insist. Take them off now." Pansy turned red as she was so embarrassed taking off her clothes in front of these two women but she complied. She handed her blouse and skirt over and was glad that she was at least allowed to wear her bra and panties. Carmen took the blouse and skirt to be cleaned. Mildred stated, "Such a beautiful girl as yourself should wear sexy lingerie not that plain white granny underwear you have on. With a body like that it is difficult to understand how you avoided having sex all this time. Tell me dear do you play with those big tits and finger your pussy sometimes when you are in bed or in the bathroom?"

Now Pansy's face turned crimson as she mumbled, "Well sometimes but not very often because it is naughty." Pansy was confused and felt her pussy dampen and hoped that the warden wouldn't notice. She didn't want the warden to think that she was a bad girl.

Oh but the warden did notice the wet spot in the girl's panties and her stiffening nipples. She walked around the desk and mauled the girl's breast, stuck a hand in her panties and declared, "You naughty girl, just look what you are making me do! When I saw your nipples stick out and your pussy leaking I just couldn't help myself."

Pansy said, "I'm so sorry that I made you do this to me. Please forgive me and give me the job because I need to get my own place to live. I will be a good worker and try not to be naughty anymore."

Mildred unfastened the girl's bra and nursed on her fantastic tits and kept finger fucking the sopping cunt. Next she tugged down the girl's panties and devoured the sweet flesh with passion. Pansy had never felt this way before and trembled to several sensational orgasms. The warden then took off her own skirt and panties, leaned back against the desk, and declared, " You nasty little girl! You got me so hot with your naughty behavior that you made me do all of them obscene things to you. Now you will just have to do the same thing to me to put out the fire that you started. Then we will be even and I will hire you as my assistant if you do a real good job eating my hot and horny cunt."

Pansy was trembling like a little bird and stared at the warden's pussy that was, surrounded by brown hair, dripping pussy juices, and watched as a rather large clit popped out from under the hood. Then she said, "I am so sorry. This is all my fault. I see that you need help and will do my best but I have never done this before. It is so incredibly nice of you to offer me the job after causing all this trouble."

Mildred told the girl; "Don't mention it honey. None of us are perfect and I believe in forgiveness. Now get on your knees and do what I did to you. I will offer suggestions and instructions as you go about your task, I know that this is your first time."

Pansy said, "You are so nice to me that I don't deserve it causing all of these problems." The girl got to her knees and sniffed the tantalizing fumes that seeped from the warden's aroused pussy. She took another strong whiff and it was intoxicating. The young woman couldn't understand her sudden desire to taste a pussy for the first time and bring this nice woman all of the pleasure that she could. Dirty talk that she once found offensive was now arousing her and creating carnal cravings that she could not control.

The younger girl stuck out her tongue and licked the warden's dripping love hole. She licked slowly at first but after discovering that the taste was palatable she increased her speed and licked with fervor. The warden coached, "Now suck it as well. Oh you are such a good girl. Your tongue is long and so thick. Oh my pretty baby it feels so divine in my pussy. Stick that tongue up my cunt as far as you can and wiggle it all around. Now put some fingers in there too and suck my clit. Yesssss! Oh baby, just like that Yesssss! Taste my cum and lick it all up. Sooooo good, oh my, so fucking good." Warden Mildred Miles held the pretty face tight to her cunt and humped wildly to a fantastic orgasm. As Pansy was licking the oozing pussy clean officer Carmen Valdez entered the office with the girl's clean blouse and skirt and liked what she was viewing. Carmen was consumed with lust and desire. 

Mildred signaled with her hand for the officer to be quiet and strip. Carmen was about 5' 6", had black hair, dark brown eyes, was 27 years old, and had all of her curves in the right places. Her tits were even larger than Pansy's. With fiery lust burning in her eyes Carmen began stuffing three fingers in her hairy cunt and squeezed her breasts while intensely watching the lewd show. When Pansy's head was released by the warden Carmen grabbed her blond hair and pulled the girl's face to her sopping cunt crying out, "Now eat this bitch and do a good job because it is my turn to cum all over your face just like Warden Miles just did."

The warden added, "I am afraid that it is all your fault Pansy and mine too. The officer just got too hot watching you eat out my cunt."

The startled Pansy was licking and sucking the puffy pussy in a lust filled feeding frenzy. She was amazed that a woman's private parts could taste so divine. Carmen was out of control and pulled Pansy's face so tight that it was partly inside her sopping cunt. Carmen announced, "You like Mexican food don't you baby? I can tell by the way that you gobble that shit up that you love it. That's it baby suck out all my cum and drink that sticky shit down. Hell yeahaaaaa! Do it! Do it, here it comes yesssss." Carmen's cunt tasted more tangy and had a stronger stream of cum shoot from her hairy hole. Pansy marveled at her fleshly, meaty, and fat pussy lips and how big her pussy was compared to the warden's and her own honey pot. Carmen then had the girl stand and nurse on her big brown breasts. Then the warden made Pansy nurse on her small tits. Pansy thought that the warden's small tits had the longest and hardest nipples she had ever seen. 

After Pansy lovingly nursed on their breasts the warden said, "Now look what you have done Pansy. You have made us both hot again so I'm afraid you must eat our cunts some more." Pansy eagerly complied and scolded herself for enjoying it so much. Before Carmen left the office she feasted on Pansy's pussy and brought her to a tremendous orgasm."

When the officer left Pansy began crying and tearfully sobbed, "I am so ashamed of myself. I have been such a bad girl. You probably don't ever want to see me again let alone hire me. You have been so nice to me too. I don't know what came over me. Never before have I done such awful things. Please forgive me and then I will leave and you will never have to see me again."

The warden put her arms around the girl, kissed away her tears, hugged her, and told Pansy, "Now there, everything will be alright; don't be so hard on yourself. We were just as naughty as you were so of course I forgive you. You can start work at nine in the morning and not only that but I just happen to have a spare bedroom at my house and you can stay there free of charge. How does that sound?"

Pansy couldn't believe her own ears and thought what a wonderful person the warden was. She exclaimed, "OH my god! Thank you so very much. I will work hard and make you proud of me; you will see .You are such a kind person but I don't want to take advantage of you by moving in your house and being a bother to you."

Mildred smiled and said, "Don't be silly. I would love having you live in my home and it wouldn't be any bother at all. As a matter of fact it gets lonely there and your company would be greatly appreciated. You are an amazing girl and it is so refreshing to be around such an extraordinary girl as you. It would be an honer having you share my home. So there, it's settled. See you in the morning and don't forget to pack what you need and you can follow me home after work tomorrow."

Pansy's tears turned to smiles as she agreed, "Yes I will move in tomorrow but I can't thank you enough for being such a wonderful and kind person. It wouldn't be right not paying rent to live in your house so let me at least pay you for the room. Just let me know how much and whatever you say will be OK. See you in the morning." They both dressed, hugged, and then kissed goodbye. Pansy gleefully headed home to give her parents the good news that she had a job and a new place to live, 

Mildred plopped down on her chair and the confirmed lesbian couldn't believe her good fortune. She thought to herself that this girl was unbelievable. In a world where too many folks won't take responsibility for their own actions into her life walks this fantastic

girl that blames herself for other peoples actions. In the lesbian world she had met plenty of submissive women but no one like Pansy. The young woman was incredible, so honest, so full of life, and a total delight. As she fondly thought about her new employee and lover the warden pondered exactly how she should handle this delicate situation and decided that she would indeed introduce Pansy to many lesbian encounters and adventures of all sorts but she vowed that no harm would ever come to this wondrous woman and to the extent that she could she would keep Pansy safe from any physical suffering. Mildred also would not use a dildo or anything else on the delicate creature nor would she allow anyone else to abuse the girl in any manner. She thought how nice it would be for Pansy to retain her virginity but realized that probing fingers and hands may make that impossible. 

The next morning Warden Miles arrived at her office early because she couldn't contain her bursting eagerness to see her beloved new employee. As she drank her coffee she wondered who really was in control. Mildred was the one that was yearning to see Pansy. Mildred was the one that found it difficult to sleep because visions of the peculiar, precious, and pretty little package filled her mind ever since they parted yesterday. She thought that Pansy was peculiar because she was so naive, always blamed herself, and her interaction with others had to be seen to be believed. Mildred suspected that Pansy's strict parents blamed her for everything that went wrong in the household thus causing the girl to always accept culpability. Pansy was precious not only because of her captivating charms but her inner beauty as well. 

The new employee got to work fifteen minutes early and the warden was delighted to see her. They discussed her duties and Pansy remarked that they seemed pretty light and that she was capable of doing so much more. With a glint in her eyes and a wicked smile on her face the warden announced, "Oh but you will my dear precious girl. There is a special uniform that you will be wearing and I want you to put it on right now!" Mildred reached under the desk and handed her a package.

After opening it and seeing a small plaid skirt, a totally transparent white blouse, white socks, loafers, and a pink ribbon, Pansy questioned, "What is this and why do you want me to wear it?"

With a wicked smile on her face the warden explained, "This is a Catholic School Girl uniform and you are not permitted to wear a bra or panties. You see Pansy we house many prisoners that have such a miserable existence and they have absolutely nothing to look forward to and you can add some excitement and joy to their lives. Just by observing your stunning beauty their lives will be richer for it. They can enjoy a moment of excitement and will have something to look forward to. Instead of dwelling on their troubles they can eagerly anticipate the pleasure of drinking in your gorgeous body again. The staff will be thrilled as well. Don't you want to make all of these women happy? There are no men here so you needn't worry about that."

Pansy stammered, "Ma.. me beautiful? All of my life my family and schoolmates called me shorty and words much worse than that . I am not beautiful." 

The warden scolded her and had her look in the mirror. Then she explained that height had nothing to do with beauty and that she was by far the best looking girl that she had ever seen. Then Pansy asked, "Why do I have to wear this? Won't it cause them to have dirty thoughts and want to do nasty things?"

The warden explained that they already did and turned on a security camera that zoomed in on a cell where a frail young woman was eating a big heavyset woman's cunt. The sight was both gross and arousing to the warden and her new employee. Mildred took advantage of the moment to undress the girl and put on her new outfit. The warden used the ribbon to tie her blonde hair into a pony-tail and then added a heavy dose of makeup. The red lipstick was applied so thick that it looked obscene. Pansy still had her eyes glued to the monitor and was dripping wet. The warden put an arm around her and cupped her mound with her free hand and observed, "Oh my, you are drenched my peculiar, precious, and pretty little pet. You want to be naughty and do nasty things again don't you?"

Still viewing the lewd display on screen Pansy murmured, "I don't know what is wrong with me but I can't help it. Watching them and being near you has my whole body aflame and there is nothing I can do about it. Sorry but I have become a bad girl. What should I do?"

Mildred played with her leaking pussy while Pansy still watched the slender woman eat the heavy woman's big fat cunt. She was mesmerized and turned-on so much that she yearned to cum so damn bad. Mildred knew very well that the girl was all hot and bothered and wanted to cum. She had Pansy just where she wanted her. The warden called Carmen to escort them to the cell block. Mildred licked her ear and whispered, "Let me tell you a little secret precious. I love it when you are naughty and nasty. We all are like that in here but you are my

special little bad girl and I love you very much. From now on I want you to call me mommy and I shall refer to you as baby. Now let's give the prisoners a treat and them mommy will make sure that her baby has a nice cum.

Pansy felt a tingle all over as she answered, "Thank you mommy."

Carmen walked in the office and just gaped at the slutty looking school girl and declared, "Oh my, I know that she is 22 but she looks like a teenager; a slutty one at that. The women in the cell block are going to go crazy when they see this prime slice of white meat. That skirt barely covers her snatch and cute little ass and the blouse couldn't hide anything let alone her nice tits. I can clearly see her nipples trying to poke through the flimsy material. This should be lots of fun, let's go." Both women tweaked Pansy's nipples to make sure that they were as stiff as they could be.

As the three entered the cell block whistles, hooting, and loud groans of awe and lust came from the cells. The women called out, "Come here and eat my cunt, I want to suck her pussy, How about a sixty-nine little girl?, Me and my cell mate want to fuck the little whore, I want to sit on her face while my girlfriend eats her schoolgirl cunt." , and the cat calls never stopped. Pansy felt so embarrassed and aroused at the same time. Most of the prisoners were taking off their clothes, playing with themselves, and sticking out their wiggling tongues. The warden and Carmen kept lifting her plaid skirt to make sure they all had a good view. 

They stopped at the cell that housed the two women they watched on the security monitor. The warden pressed Pansy against their cell and asked them to unbutton the schoolgirl's blouse. In a flash the blouse was completely unbuttoned and they squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. When no one protested they each took a tit and sucked with passion until Pansy squealed with delight. The heavyset woman reached down and fingered under the plaid skirt and said, "This fucking slut is sopping wet and leaking all over the place. Why don't you let me and my girl here taste this sweet thing?"

The warden replied, "I don't see anybody stopping you!" The bulky older woman sank to her knees, licked, kissed, and sucked the horny pussy right through the cell bars. Then the smaller, younger, and prettier one got her turn on the 22 year old dressed like a schoolgirl slut. Her expert tongue brought Pansy to another orgasm in no time at all. 

Then they pressed their cunts to the cell bars and Carmen pushed Pansy to her knees. Pansy was happy to return the favor and was soon thirstily drinking all their cum and sticky pussy juices. The whole cell block was calling out for the schoolgirl to come to them as they fingered their cunts and squeezed their tits. She was hustled out the door but as they were leaving the warden announced, "This girl is my new assistant and every woman that goes a full month without getting into any trouble will be invited to my office to visit with her so I suggest that you be on your best behavior. Any infraction at all will eliminate you for another month. So think about my little sweetheart before you go and do something stupid."

Instead of going back to the warden's office the trio stopped at the prison medical ward. They enter a room and were greeted by Nurse Judy and Nurse Vanessa. Judy had a medium frame, brown hair, breasts that were small but perky, she was from London, had a thick British accent, and was 43 years of age. Vanessa was big, bold, and busty. She hailed from Puerto Rico, was almost six foot tall, had black hair, was 28 years young, and possessed dark eyes that one could get lost in. Both nurses were extremely friendly and happily agreed when the warden asked, "Will you please shave my baby's pubic area so that she is smooth as a newborn."
