 The Rehearsal before the Show

Starring Kelly Monaco and Melanie Brown

*

Kelly Monaco was very tired when she arrived at McCarran International airport in Las Vegas Nevada, after flying from Los Angeles. It had been a busy week for her. Besides the constant flights back and forth between the two cities, she was still working at her day job on "General Hospital," and the Wednesday filming had just finished taping when she hurried to catch the plane to Las Vegas.

The constant travel, her job on the soap opera, and all the dance rehearsals for the upcoming show in Sin City were combining to wear her out. When the plane landed, all she really wanted to do was head straight to the casino, check in as quickly as possible, and go up to her suite where she would be able to take a warm, restful bath. 

She was thinking to herself , just how good the hot, fragrant water would feel caressing her naked body, and how it would help soothe her aching muscles. Just the thought of getting out of her tight clothes and relaxing, nude in the tub, and surrounded by the scintillating bubbles brought a smile to her face. 

Then she felt her phone vibrate.

"Damn!" She said to herself as she fumbled in her pocket for her cell phone. "Hello?"

"Hi, Kelly. Are you here yet?"

"Yeah, Mel. I just arrived."

"Great! Come on over." 

"I was planning to get some sleep first."

"Oh, come on, Kelly. We need to rehearse for the show. You remember your first week on Dancing with the Stars. I know you don't want that to happen to you again."

Kelly could not help thinking back to that first horrible week on that Dancing contest when her scores were just awful and a judge remarked, "What's wrong with your face? Did someone die in your family?" Yes, Kelly could never forget those cruel remarks from one of the judges Bruno.

She could not even fathom in her mind another bad night like that ever happening to her again. "I'll be right over, Mel."

"Great! See you soon. Bye." 

Kelly was happy she had only brought a small carryon bag with her, so at least she would not have to wait for any luggage. All she had to worry about after stuffing her phone back into her purse was getting a cab, and she knew that one nice thing about Vegas is that they always have plenty of cabs around. She knew she would not have to wait more than a few minutes for one to come around.

The cabbie waiting for his next pick up was very happy when he noticed the brown-haired woman standing in line for a cab. He anticipated her being a pleasant ride for him, because she was so easy on the eyes, with designer jeans so tight they hugged every curve of her small ass. Above the pants, she wore a brown vest that covered her blouse, and he could see some cleavage peeking out over the top. He thought he recognized the brown-haired woman as he pulled forward to pick her up. He was just about ready to get out of his cab to greet her but, before he could, she had already hopped into the back seat of the cab. 

"Hi, Miss. I'm Joe. Are you waiting for anyone else?"

"No, it's just me."

'Do you have any luggage, Miss?" 

"No, just this," Kelly replied, pointing at the small zippered bag she had tossed into the back seat before entering the cab. 

"Where to miss

Kelly was so busy fumbling with her bag that she did not even give him her name. She simply handed him a piece of paper with the address of Melanie's apartment.

Joe was pissed that his fare had not even bothered to tell him her name. "Arrogant little bitch!" he told himself. 

The cabbie looked in the mirror and saw the women had opened her form-fitting vest and was lying back in the seat with her eyes closed. He smiled as he approached the exit to McCarran Airport and looked back again; he noticed her eyes were still closed. Joe decided he would take the "scenic route." Usually he only did that as a means to increase the cab fare of first time Las Vegas tourists, who never knew the difference, but this time he mostly wanted a little more time to ogle the sexy woman in the back seat.

Joe remembered her name; it was Kelly something. He could not recall her last name, but he did not really care what it was anyhow. He remembered seeing pictures of her scantily clad, almost nude body plastered all over town recently, because she was going to be in an adult style Vegas presentation called "Peepshow." He had heard the show was going to be a topless review playing over at Planet Hollywood Casino. 

"Holy shit!" This bitch is going to be in that show," he said to himself. 

Kelly had fallen asleep in the back seat and was dreaming about having to perform in front of a crowd of people. She was particularly apprehensive about dancing almost naked while a large audience watched, and having second thoughts about appearing on stage in the skimpy costumes that had been shown to her. Kelly knew her body was still in great shape for 32 years old, so she should be fine in that department, but the thought of dancing in front of an audience was causing her a little stress. 

As her dream continued, the dancers onstage with her started rubbing their nearly naked forms against hers. Their hands began exploring her body as they surrounded her, and both male and female fingers began touching her curvy little figure. She could feel someone's hands on her breasts, lightly fondling them through her costume. Another hand was caressing her bare ass at the same time as the first pair was fondling her breasts. 

Kelly's body felt like it was burning up from the heat of the stage, the music and the rhythm of the almost naked dancers surrounding her and grinding against her petite form. Her entire body was subjected to their freely roaming hands. Kelly could feel her nipples getting hard under her costume and, lowering her eyes, she was shocked to see her nipples peeking out of the thin fabric while Carmen, the busty, black dancer, was standing in front of her grinning at her.

"What are you doing to me? Don't touch me," she whispered, but with little conviction in her tiny voice. Even as she protested, Carmen was running her fingernails over the tops of Kelly's exposed nipples. 

"You can't be doing this to me! Stop! Please, no, not here in front of everyone," Kelly softly mumbled to the statuesque dancer. "Oh, please, don't touch me, Carmen. Not now; maybe later."

"No! Wait! What am I thinking! Not again!" Kelly protested, as she recalled an experience in her life that she thought had been blocked out of her mind years ago. It had returned; she could already feel the dampness inside her pussy starting to build from the memory of what happened to her when she was younger.

"God Carmen is so beautiful," she thought, while the ebon-skinned object of her admiration continued to fondle her breasts and smile knowingly at her responses. Kelly could feel her body trembling under the exotic touches of the beautiful dancer. 

"Oh god the girl knows my real name But how could she?" were the thoughts that came to mind. 

"Wait! No, stop that!" Kelly blurted out.

She could feel the other dancers' hands trying to remove her skimpy costume bottom. "Why are they doing this to me?" she asked to nobody in particular. "It's as if they all want to undress me on stage so everyone can see me naked, but then what are they going to do with me? But there's the beautiful Carmen, looking at me like she wants to ravage my body on stage in front of everybody!"

The other dancers' hands continued roaming over Kelly's half-naked body, and their touching suddenly became more frightening to her. The dream became even more surreal in her mind and even more daring. Everyone was getting undressed on stage and the dancers were telling her to strip off her costume and join them in dancing nude. She could see Melanie now onstage already naked.

Her voice was echoing out to Kelly. "Come on, Kelly, you can do it. Take your clothes off!"

"I can't do it!" she thought. "No!" I can't

However, the other dancers kept encouraging her. "Take it off! Take it off! Take it off," they chanted at her. 

Kelly felt her hands going up to her costume, reaching around to unfasten the bra but she stopped herself in midstream, shaking her head. "No! I can't do it!" 

However, just then, another female dancer grabbed her costume and ripped it off her body exposing her bare breasts to the roaring crowd.

"Oh my god!" Kelly shrieked when she realized that she was standing on stage topless, in front of everyone. Clutching her exposed breasts in her hands, she started to run towards the stage exit.

As her dream continued, she was now backstage, safely away from the dancers and the crowd, but feeling guilty about not taking off her entire costume with the other dancers on stage. What she wanted was to strip completely naked, to feel the freedom of dancing nude with the others, but she could not go through with taking her clothes off. 

The cabbie reached up nonchalantly to adjust his mirror again, aiming it toward his passenger's chest. She still had her eyes shut but there was a strange look on her face. Joe noticed, while he adjusted the mirror. That her blouse was completely unbuttoned and hanging open in the front, showing off both her breasts in the skimpy blue bra that barely concealed her nipples. .

"Wow! Nice tits for such a skinny bitch!" he exclaimed under his breath. "But her ass is a bit small for my taste. As he continued looking at her breasts, rising and falling under their almost non-existent bra, he told himself: "I would still fuck her. At least she has nice tits." 

Joe wondered if the little bitch in his cab was really sleeping or just faking it to tease him with her big tits. It was bothering him a little; as he continued taking the long route to the address, she had given him earlier. Her cleavage, he noted, had a nice rich tan, and he could even see some freckles on the upper sides of her breasts. It also looked like her nipples were hard under her skimpy bra, as if she was aroused.

He adjusted the mirror lower to check out more of her lower anatomy. She had a flat belly and..."Oh shit!" 

The cabbie almost ran a red light when he noticed the waist of her jeans was also unsnapped. 

When he first picked her up at the airport and saw those pants on her petite body, he could hardly believe how tightly they fit her curves. He was wondering how she could even breathe in those jeans when he heard a loud voice over the speaker on the dashboard. 

"Joe? Where are you?"

Grabbing the microphone, he responded. "I have a fare in my cab already." 

"Hurry up. I have another pickup for you next to where you are going. Can you make the other pickup?" 

.

"Okay, I'll take it," Joe mumbled, a bit angrily, back to the dispatcher. 

He looked in the mirror, but could only see Kelly's cleavage and he thought he heard a sound in the backseat.

"Where are we?"

"Oh, we're almost there, Miss." 

Looking at the front of the cab and seeing the mirror aimed at her chest, Kelly quickly glanced down and saw how her blouse was unbuttoned and gaping open, showing off her tiny bra. She laughed a little at herself, thinking well "At least I wore a bra today , thank god for that, or this might be really embarrassing." The thought of herself, topless and sitting in a cab having erotic dreams while the driver watched, struck her as funny. She knew that the cabbie had enjoyed a great view of her exposed breasts because of the skimpy bra that she was wearing.

Then she thought about her almost-nothing costumes that she was going to have to wear in the show, Kelly smiled, knowing she had better get used to the ideal of having people seeing her wearing a lot less than she had on now. 

Kelly, quickly buttoned her blouse back up as the cab pulled up to Melanie's apartment building. She handed the cabbie the money and blushed a little when she saw the way his beady little eyes were staring at her cleavage as she exited his cab.

Joe was a little angry on the drive to his next pickup, thinking about the woman whom he just dropped off a few minutes ago. "The skinny bitch didn't even give me a decent tip for the ride," he complained to himself. "Yeah; she did give me a tip, but she's one cheap little broad."

He was also wondering if the busty bitch had been teasing him in the cab by showing off her big tits like that in the back of his cab, with her open shirt, and why did she have her jeans unsnapped? "She had better not been teasing me," he muttered. "Or I'll make her pay."

Melanie thought she would surprise Kelly or maybe even shock her by answering the door dressed the way she was. She was wearing a long silk robe, but the surprise was that it was transparent and displayed every delicious curve of her body. She also had on a pair of platform boots that added nearly six inches to her frame, so she was standing over six feet tall when she answered the door.

She was right. The look on Kelly's face was priceless when Melanie opened the door to let her into the apartment. The brown-haired woman's mouth was literally hanging open when she saw the revealing outfit her sexy co-star was wearing.

"Hi Kelly Glad you could make it." 

As she looked up at Melanie's chest, Kelly could see her dark nipples, clearly visible thru the thin fabric of her robe. She felt suddenly weak in the knees, for some reason, at the sight of her co-star's breasts poking through the thin material. She could not understand why her knees almost buckled at seeing Melanie now like that, because they had rehearsed on stage almost naked together many times before, and she felt nothing strange or sexual towards her then. 

H-hi, M-Melanie," she stuttered back lowering her eyes and not looking at her friend.

"Do you like it?" Melanie asked. 

"Like what?" Kelly mumbled, feeling her cheeks brightening as she spoke, and not wanting to look at Melanie's scantily clad covered body again.

"Oh, my boots Silly, What do you think I was talking about Kelly My fake tits? 

"I was wandering why you suddenly looked so much taller then me now Mel, and I was not looking at your boobs. 

"Well then Kelly, since I caught you looking at my big tits and I know you were checking me out you silly little liar because I saw you looking at my breast.

I mean what do you think Kelly, do you like my big fake boobies? or not.

"I was not looking at your tits, Melanie. They were just in my face." 

Melanie thought her partner's tone of voice seemed a little sharp. "Ok, Kelly. I was only teasing you. Let's try on some costumes and get down to business." 

"You want to try on costumes?" 

"Of course, Silly how could we rehearse our dancing together with clothes on?" 

Kelly, for some strange reason now was feeling a little uncomfortable in this situation. She watched Melanie heading over to the bar to fix them drinks, she noticed her friend was obviously naked under the robe and felt herself looking at Melanie's curvaceous ass as it moved under the thin fabric.

"I can't be thinking like this again," she told herself, but Kelly also knew she could not bring herself to stop looking at Melanie's succulent body. Her mind began to wander back to a recent pool party at the casino she and Melanie attended. They were both wearing bikinis, but her friend's top was so tiny that her breasts were spilling out the sides. "Mel asked me if she could rub oil on my body, Kelly recalled, and I said it would be okay. 

"Melanie untied my bikini and rubbed oil on my back but I also remember how her hands kept rubbing the oil on the sides of my exposed flesh. She even told me to hush as her fingers slid under my boobs. I just thought she was playing with me, having fun. I let her touch me with her hands, Mel's fingers even found my nipples, and I allowed her to touch them, even pinch them a little between her fingers. I even lifted my upper torso up a little so she could rub the oil on my entire bare breasts, which she did.

Melanie's hands felt nice a warm touching me like that, but I thought it was just a game. No big deal, but I have to admit her hands touching my breasts gave me more pleasure than I would have expected."

Kelly heard a loud voice interrupting her thoughts by calling her name. "Huh? What?" she responded? 

"Hey, girl, here's your drink." 

"Ok, thank you, Mel. I guess I was day-dreaming again." Kelly grabbed her drink and quickly took a little sip of the beverage as her eyes started to roam down Mel's very tight body. Her fake black tits were solid; their nipples were a rich dark chocolate color, and she had rock solid abdominal muscles, tapering down to her womanly thighs.

"Here, Kelly, try this on. You look great in this costume." She handed Kelly the white bra costume with the little thong bottoms to put on. 

"I' can't wear this now," Kelly whined. "I'd feel silly."

"Oh, come on. Kelly Do not be shy with me, it's just us girls." 

Kelly was thinking to herself how that would be the problem. She noticed Melanie moving toward the table, intently watching her hips sway as she walked. "Oh, my," she thought, and felt her heart skip a beat when Mel bent over to set her drink down on the table, providing a great view of her gorgeous black ass. 

After setting her drink down on the table, Melanie turned back towards the wide-eyed Kelly who was looking directly at her and, without hesitating, unfastened her robe, letting it fall off her body. She stood, completely nude except for her platform boots, in front of Kelly. 

Mel caught Kelly's eyes taking in every inch of her delicious chocolate body. Seeing the way her partner's eyes seemed to looking at her naked body, she started wandering if her white girlfriend might be into women.

Kelly felt flushed as she looked at Melanie's hot black naked body. Thoughts ran through her mind how they were both different in many ways besides color. "Melanie has fake tits," she told herself, while mine are real. "She has a nice big black ass while my white ass is skinny. Her body is more muscular looking then mine, with tattoos; my body is softer with no tattoos. 

Mel is a little older than me, 35 to my 32, and she is a few inches taller than I am. I am 5'3" to her 5' 5" but with those boots on, she looks like a naked black Amazon standing there, so tall with her sexy, muscular body. Kelly also noticed that Melanie had shaved off her pubic hair, leaving her pussy bald, while she, herself, still had a tiny strip of hair there.

Melanie caught Kelly's eyes looking down at her bald pussy, making her wonder what was going on in her mind. "Is she actually looking at me in a sexual way?" she asked herself. "Am I turning her on? Does she want to have sex with me? It sure looks like it by the way she's ogling my bare-assed body."

Kelly suddenly realized she had been caught looking at Melanie's pussy. She could feel her cheeks burning and turning red from the embarrassment of knowing how her friend had caught her staring. It was an uncomfortable situation and, if that was not bad enough, she could feel her pussy lubricating and realized her wanton body was going to betray her once again. Kelly was starting to feel the need to submit herself to Melanie.

She knew she could never reveal that side of her personality again, not to anyone, because the submissive side of her personality was dangerous to her body and her sanity. "I cannot let that happen to me again like before with her," was her thought. "She was beautiful, but the way she treated me was horrible, and even more shameful to me was that I liked what she did to me.

I allowed my body to be used by her, and she did use it and me as if I was her own personal property, to abuse in any way she wanted And I willingly allowed her to do it. I have to leave now, before those old, uncontrollable desires return and something happens that I'll regret later.
