 "What about this one, you guys?" Talia asked, posing coquettishly.

She had appeared in the living room wearing shorts and a tee that were both drastically short, even for late summer. The shirt was a black cutoff from Forever 21 with the words looking for trouble printed in blood red. It bloomed as she twirled, and her fit, tight bellybutton peeking out from beneath the hem seemed to hint that if you were to only look underneath, you'd find lots of smooth, soft trouble.

The jean shorts were tight and cute and had that perfect, hard-to-find deep shade of blue - that is, what little fabric they had. They fit more like yoga pants with the legs cut short, the chopped ends rolled so high that a seam of Talia's butt cleavage drew a clearly visible line across her thigh, like an arrow pointing out which dark alleyway to go down.

"If you want him to be certain you're a dumb slut," Parma noted dryly, barely looking up from her chemistry book.

Talia broke down laughing, the curves on her tight frame wobbling beneath her shirt as she did. The crude remark wasn't meant as an insult, of course - Parma and Talia were good friends, and Talia was, factually, a self-labeled slut. This wasn't her first Tinder fuck, or her first pre-date fashion show. It wouldn't be the last of either, so Parma paid little mind.

Molly, however, bathed her eyes in the richness of the sight before her.

Being a newly-minted lesbian with high sexual curiosity and two girls to room with for college made Molly brim with secret delight. Neither of her friends knew; nobody knew. Moments like this just amplified the excitement. Little else had changed about her since she'd quietly come out to herself - she still loved photography, still danced in her room as she got dressed, liked and disliked things for the same reasons. Now, she simply knew the missing piece beneath it all.

Moreover, finding it had freed something. It was as if knowing her own secret had activated some hidden energy source inside her, and she found herself voraciously, secretly in need to use it. She had a brand new camera lens to see the world with, now. Molly wasn't sure where to direct that energy besides watching porn on her phone and fantasizing, but she wanted to direct it somewhere specific, somewhere real. So, she sat up from her lazy reading position on the couch and folded her book over her chest, giving Talia her full attention and then some. She squeezed her legs together a bit, and her thighs warmed with approval beneath her shorts.

"So it looks that good then? Perfect!" Talia agreed facetiously.

Parma eventually snickered a bit. "You know exactly what kind of date you'll end up on wearing that," she commented coyly.

"Yup!" cheered Talia, bouncing through a few different poses, dark hair swaying as she did. "I haven't been fucked in forever." Her breasts wobbled beneath her shirt - is she even wearing a bra? Molly wondered, screaming internally.

"Didn't you just ravage some poor boy a few days ago?" Parma retorted in her rolling New Delhi accent - rrravage.

"Blowjobs are bo-oring," Talia sang. "I'm trying to get fucked into a coma tonight."

Molly giggled, both embarrassed at Talia's fearlessly dirty mouth, and enchanted by it. She finally chimed in, shyly: "Didn't he... you know, give back? That obviously counts--"

"--No it doesn't," Talia interrupted, shaking her head, "no, nope. Nope! Tongue is decidedly not dick." Molly's eyes wandered over Talia's body as she gestured wildly in protest. She'd either decided not to be so gaudy as to let her panties peek out from the waistline of her shorts, or simply wasn't wearing any. Molly clenched her teeth to avoid gawking, imagining soft feminine lips laid delicately against a hidden thong.

"But you had sex with him too," Parma stated, both asking and not.

Talia paused just long enough that everyone saw through her. Molly laughed; Parma sighed. "Okay. But Jonah was maybe like..." Talia held her hands a short ways apart and paused. "I dunno. Not enough. And too gentle!"

Parma glared at Molly and shared an eyeroll at their friend's expense. "Begging and choosing while some of us are starving," Parma groaned at Molly. "Imagine being so picky about dick."

"I know, right?" Molly replied, maintaining her cover.

"Give him my number then," Parma chimed in, beckoning at Talia with her pen, "Maybe I'll tend to this poor boy myself." Parma was quite pretty in her own way, but never wanted to show it - at least not like Talia. She slumped over her book in the same track shorts and AC/DC tee she'd used as pajamas since high school.

Talia laughed again, calling her bluff. "Deal," she said, gleefully grabbing her phone.

"Oh my gosh you guys," Molly giggled nervously. She hoped neither of her friends could see the chills knifing through her at what she now knew was hetero sex gossip. It didn't make her as uncomfortable as she'd thought it would from her vantage on the other side - it wasn't anymore unsettling than being in the closet. The way she found herself secretly ogling Talia, Molly considered that perhaps being gay and straight weren't so different in some ways. The fact that she found herself attracted to conventionally sexy girls, the kinds that mostly got hungry attention from men, was a strange revelation to her.

"There," Talia said, tapping her phone and pocketing it. "Get ready to be totally whelmed."

Parma's phone buzzed, and she rolled her eyes. "You know I was just kidding, right?" She wore a dour expression that said she was determined to top the grading curve for the first exam of the semester despite the idiots she roomed with.

"I thought you were desperate!" Talia teased, leaning over mockingly.

Molly's eyes lingered, and her inner thighs tingled. Talia's crew neck shirt didn't show any cleavage, but the bold words were bolstered from beneath by the large, perky mounds of her breasts. She wore it proudly, like a tattoo. But, with a disappointed face, she turned her back and whipped the shirt off.

Parma chuckled, averting her eyes a bit. "Well, perhaps if he's cute. God, this isn't your personal locker room, by the way."

"Locker room" painted the picture in Molly's brain. For a moment in her mind, it was senior year again. Kenneth was still her soft, quiet friend who loved drawing and running with her by the beach. They might still be friends if he hadn't snuck into the girls' locker room. That wasn't his fault though - she'd snuck him in, after all. There, she'd kissed him, and even a year later she both wasn't sure why she'd done so, and knew precisely why.

It was a mistaken place of where and how to project emotions, a lesson time had given her. He was kind and sweet, more than almost anyone she knew. He helped her with homework, and he gave honest criticisms of her art. So, she kissed him - that was what girls did for nice boys like him. He deserved that, but not from her. She quickly realized it wasn't the right thing to do at all, yet she did. Neither was sitting on the bench in front of him and giving her first awkward, toothy blowjob, but she did that too.

She'd tried her very best to do what all the girls did with dicks in porn, but it came up short - she wanted to, and she didn't. That translated. He was patient and gentle, and that only made it harder to think back on. By the time he'd laid her down on one of the benches and entered her, she knew beyond all doubt. Each thrust was a blinking neon sign: you're gay.

She faked an orgasm; he didn't, all over her stomach. They spoke little after that. Then, never again. She owed it to him not to break his heart.

"Just don't look, then," groaned Talia in nothing but her bra and shorts.

Molly blinked and barely stifled a gasp as the lacy white bra barely containing Talia's breasts squeezed swaying cleavage. It was as simple as that for girls like Parma and Talia - "just don't look" didn't make sense to Molly, though. The shirt flew over her head and onto the couch at Molly's feet. Talia kept her back turned while she grabbed a new blouse and tried that on, and Molly stared, utterly unable to look away. Talia was trim enough and her chest was heavy enough that she could clearly see the outlines of her thinly-covered breasts even from behind. Molly simmered inside, and glanced at Parma to make sure she hadn't noticed.

"Alright. What about this?" Talia asked. She twirled back around, modeling a new off-white lacy top.

Parma smiled, satisfied. "Better. Rather pick you up from the police station wearing that."

Talia turned to Molly and threw her a flat-handed shrug and raised eyebrows, asking for her opinion as well.

"You look hot," Molly said with every ounce of herself.

"Thanks, girl!" chirped Talia, grabbing her things and walking for the door. "Wish me luck!"

Molly knew she was a freshman in the school of lesbianism. Some days, she felt like a secret agent playing a game to find out who the other secret agents in the room were. Some days, she was reminded sharply that some considered "her people" - lesbians were hers, now, and she was theirs - an abomination. Some days she hated it all, but thought perhaps she hadn't been in the closet long enough to feel the real pain of being there.

Every day, however, Molly got to stand in the eye of Hurricane Talia. That much she loved.

"Bye! He's going to fuck you no matter what you wear!" said Parma cheerfully.

"Bye," Molly echoed, laughing nervously. She stared at Talia's ass as she strutted to the door. The cuff she'd rolled in her shorts made them even shorter, and they gripped her thigh in that way that showed a tiny crease of softness. Molly swallowed the puddle of saliva under her tongue quietly as Talia left.

Talia, sexy and curvy and New York metropolitan in that way that only Instagram models were. Adventurous in a way Molly could never be. Talia, who spent nights exchanging middling grades for Tinder-swiping and serial fucking every guy on the right side of her attractiveness scale. It was like living with an actress just released from rehab. Molly wondered, as she had for months, what she could do with a bit of Talia's fearlessness. Or, with a bit of Talia.

Cloudy dreams dazed Molly when she awoke in her room somehow. Wisps of sand spinning in dirty water muddled her head; vague memories of sex dreams mixed with vague memories of stumbling to bed. Reality came clear after a bit - her book was still there on her nightstand where she'd tossed it. She sat up, then flopped back down with a bounce on the mattress. Reality could wait a while.

At least, until it couldn't - she was thirsty. As her feet hit the floor beside her bed and her thighs parted, she felt familiar sensations between them - heat, and wetness. Soothing, happy tingles danced their way into her stomach. Ghosts of the almost-wet dream she'd awoken from floated through her mind, tongues on labias and fingertips tracing gently over nipples. She hadn't climaxed, but she couldn't be far off. She grabbed her phone and fingerprinted it open: 2:28 AM.

Molly mumbled, rubbed her eyes, and looked to the neatly made bed opposite hers - Parma wasn't there.

She was in the living room, though, passed out on the couch with her chemistry book where Molly had been before. Molly stepped quietly past into the kitchen, and poured the glass of water she'd wanted, being careful not to make a sound. She secretly prided herself on her ability to go unseen and unheard, and snickered internally at the irony that implied about the rest of her lifestyle. She downed the water and set the glass aside, moving to wake her friend.

"Par," Molly whispered, grazing a hand gently over her shoulder. "It's late. You should get to bed."

Parma's mouth closed and she stirred a bit. "Yeah, hey. Yeah... thanks. Just... gimmeaminute," she mumbled, curling an arm under her head and stretching.

"'Kay," she said, knowing Parma would probably stay asleep on the couch all night as usual, and complain about her back the next morning.

Molly settled back into bed and unlocked her phone again, disappointed at both how awake she was and how little time had passed since she last checked it. The seething sensation between her legs reminded her of her dream. So, she shrugged to herself and thumbed through her phone until Pornhub was open, as she had dozens of times before. She tucked herself in twice: body into blankets, hand into shorts.

She'd done this frequently enough that the digital tendrils of the site knew exactly what to show her - modelesque girls with mouths fulf of vagina, plain-looking girls with enthusiastic moans, nerdy girls like her only sensual and fearless. Her hand wandered up to her breast for a moment, and the sensation of pleasure followed. She stifled a moan and selected a video, knowing it wouldn't be long.

Almost as soon as she tapped an image, a loud moan echoed through the apartment.

Molly's eyes blasted wide and she covered the speaker of her phone, squeezing the volume button over and over again out of a mixture of reflex and terror. "Shit!" she cursed quietly, growling at herself for such a rookie mistake. But when the volume indicator appeared, it indicated it'd already been muted. She checked the "app audio" portion - the slider was all the way to the left, the fill line gray and silent.

That came from the hallway, she considered.

Talia.

Wondering if Talia's Tinder safari had brought back a body, Molly shut off her phone's screen and sat up in bed. She held her breath, listening for the signs of a boy in Talia's room: lips kissing, moans of pleasure, wet sheathing sounds. The apartment's air conditioner hummed a silent answer. Molly sat still for a long while.

It wasn't like her - Talia was promiscuous, but not disrespectful. The apartment had two bedrooms: one medium-sized space that Parma and Molly shared, and one tiny room with little more than a bed and closet. It would have been a perfect little cave for Talia to drag boys back to, but she'd promised she wouldn't, and had kept her word for months, up to the point where nobody expected otherwise. Molly wondered if she'd finally broken that promise.

She checked her phone - six silent minutes had passed. Setting it gently aside, she crept from her bed quietly as a mouse, avoiding all the hidden spots where loose floorboard nails would betray her. Carefully, she edged her door open and slid into the hallway.

A column of light flickered and danced through the space in the barely-open door to Talia's room, like a silent lightning storm was bristling inside. The unmistakable sounds of sex trickled out from the gap in the door. They were muffled somehow; the moans were small and tinny. The curiosity that drew Molly in wasn't jealousy or grief - she crawled up to the door purely on instinct, like a cat investigating a sound that might be interesting.

And there she was: Talia, laid out on her bed, her laptop between her legs, the light from the screen piercing the darkness in the room, wireless earbuds immersing her into the experience of the people on the screen having sex.

She's watching porn, too, Molly realized with a chill.

The next thing Molly realized was everything she wanted to know about Talia: she was even more alluring naked than she was clothed. Her breasts, laid bare and splayed across her chest and spilling towards her armpits in that way heavy natural breasts do, were even bigger than she'd thought. The soft pinkness of her nipples was tinted blue by the laptop light bathing her body, the little tips hard and towering above each soft, rounded hillside. Her legs were long and muscular, yet impossibly smooth. Some of her fingers were working hurriedly beneath her panties, and others were kneading and squeezing desperately at her chest as if they couldn't find the right spot. Talia's eyes were transfixed to the image on the screen, and Molly sat just a breath away from it all, completely unnoticed.

She glanced at the floor just within the room - Talia's lacy off-white top was on the floor now, blocking the door from closing all the way.

Molly's face wrenched - embarrassment, guilt, and utter arousal fought for control. She covered her mouth as her eyes bloomed with shock, then covered her cheek, then her chin. I should just knock and let her know, she thought, but chewed her lips hungrily as Talia exhaled in pleasure, her chest swelling and swaying as her back arched. It took Molly a long while of staring at the sight of her utterly attractive friend masturbating happily before she noticed what was on the screen:

Two beautiful women.

The implications made Molly utterly dizzy for a moment. Talia's gay? She's been lying too? How? I never suspected! But... all the boys? All the sex?

One of the girls on the screen, a redhead, was having her pussy utterly devoured by her blonde co-star. Her jaw dropped helplessly and her eyes rolled back, hooded by shuddering eyelids and dazzlingly long eyelashes. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, right there," the woman mouthed silently into Talia's ears, the words oozing slowly as she whined. The camera zoomed in a bit to show strands of wetness trailing from tongue to gently unfolded labia.

Molly glanced up the hallway towards the living room where Parma slept, then back through the cracked door where Talia was rubbing her clit. If either of them noticed her, she might stumble back into her room. But she'd be found out, and that would be that. She was utterly trapped. As Molly's fingers dug through spandex and found a rhythm between her own legs, she realized that she couldn't leave. She wouldn't leave.

On the screen, a man, tanned and muscular and wearing a suit, appeared sitting on a comfortable chair behind the blonde woman, who offered herself to him. She proudly stuck her ass into the air and wiggled it back and forth for him to see as she suckled her girlfriend's clit, and he smiled approvingly. It was revealed that he was stroking himself as the camera cut to an angle that included his massive erection being toyed with by a meaty fist.

Holy shit, Molly gasped internally. They get that big? She'd watched some porn with men, mostly as a curiosity, but hadn't seen something that big on a man yet. She felt lucky Kenneth hadn't been that big.

The man sat there in his suit on his chair opposite the naked women and gestured to them, saying something - commanding them. They exchanged positions, and the redhead sat on her blonde friend's face. She melted and bucked her hips as the blonde began licking invisibly, her pert little breasts bouncing as she rocked. He watched and stroked, and the redhead seemed to look at him longingly. Talia kicked her legs up suddenly, angling herself to kick her panties off, and Molly ducked out of sight.

The moment let the possibilities in her head fight each other openly. Okay, maybe... Maybe she's bi, then. Okay. Maybe. No, no... stupid. Some girls watch porn with girls just because. Right? But that doesn't mean she isn't. God, what if she is?

A quiet moan let Molly know Talia had resumed. When she checked, peeking sheepishly around the corner, she found Talia spread eagle, rubbing and swirling fingers over her clit openly now. Talia paused for a quick moment to wet her fingertips with her tongue, the saliva mixing with the dew from her slit sending wet, sticky sounds whispering over the silence in her room. She rubbed harder, and the bed wobbled slightly, as did every bit of Talia. It was the single most erotic thing Molly had ever dreamed of seeing in her young life. She couldn't resist letting her own fingers wander between her legs, just a little more. Just a bit harder.

The blonde and redhead were all over one another, now. Hands played with hair and breasts, and mouths played together. The man seemed to adore them for it. The women tended to one another tenderly, lovingly even, much different than the kind of porn Molly was used to seeing. Molly recognized the scene now as a voyeur fantasy of some sort - he was meant to be a strip club patron or the like, someone who could look but not touch. Suddenly, the redhead shuddered into a climax, her eyes rolling into white nothingness.
