 Samantha propped herself up on her elbows as Nicole slowly drizzled chocolate syrup over her bare breasts.

“Yum,” Nicole smiled before she began to slowly lick it off.

Samantha squirmed a bit as Nicole gently bit down on her sensitive nipple. She reached out for her but Nicole pulled away.

“This time is all about you,” Nicole smiled. She reached for the whip cream and left a trail of it from her breasts all the way down her stomach. She took her sweet time as she licked all of it off until her face was buried in Samantha’s pussy.

She licked and sucked her clit, driving Samantha absolutely crazy. She was screaming out in pleasure as she reached orgasm, her juices flowing freely down Nicole’s chin.

“Oh my God,” Samantha said as she looked out the window and saw a man sitting in the tree outside in their yard, jacking off to the sights and sounds of their lovemaking.

“I know, you taste so good baby,” Nicole responded.

“Not that,” Samantha said, “Don’t look but there is a guy in the tree outside our window.”

“Another peeping Tom,” Nicole said, not surprised.

“This one has his cock out and everything,” Samantha told her.

Peeping toms were something they’d gotten used to being a well-known lesbian couple in the small town where they lived. Recently, they’d decided they were going to use them to their advantage.

“Is he cute?” Nicole asked.

“Adorable,” Samantha responded. “Time to put our plan in motion.”

Nicole grinned and grabbed a long thick blue vibrator, taking it deep into her mouth and getting it good and wet.

“He likes that,” Samantha grinned, noting the look on his face.

Nicole shoved it hard in Samantha’s pussy and she screamed out.

“Oh God, yes, fuck me baby,” Samantha screamed.

Nicole fucked Samantha hard and fast with the vibrator as she rubbed her clit in circles.

“You grab his attention and I’ll get him,” Nicole told her.

“I need you to fuck me,” Samantha screamed loudly. “Go get the strap-on!”

Justin couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He couldn’t believe it could possibly get better than what he was hearing. He stared through their open window as Nicole disappeared and Samantha fucked herself deeply with the vibrator.

“Oh God yes,” she moaned.

He stroked his cock faster, unable to control himself, barely able to keep a one-handed grip on the tree branch.

“Having fun,” a voiced called from below as he saw Samantha take a picture out the window with a Polaroid camera.

“Shit,” he said as he quickly shoved his cock back into his gym shorts, “I’m so sorry.”

He looked down to see Nicole standing at the base of the tree, shotgun in hand. The gun was unloaded of course, but he didn’t know that.

“Fuck,” he said.

Samantha leaned out the window, “Get down from the tree,” she said.

‘Please, don’t shoot me,” he begged as he climbed down the branches.

Nicole waved the gun toward the house, motioning him to go inside.

“Please, I’m so sorry. I’ll never do it again,” he begged.

Samantha joined them in the kitchen, robe on, Polaroid in hand.

“I could have you arrested,” she assured him.

“Please, I’m sorry. You have to understand,” Justin begged.

“Understand?” Nicole asked. “You want us to understand why you think it is okay to sit in OUR tree and watch US make love?”

“I’m so sorry,” Justin begged again. “Please, it’s just that you two are so hot.”

“You think we’re hot?” Samantha asked.

“Of course, oh my God, gorgeous,” Justin gushed.

“Take him upstairs,” Samantha ordered Nicole.

“Upstairs?” Nicole asked, feigning surprise.

“Just do it,” Samantha ordered.

Nicole pushed Justin up the stairs with the gun.

“What’s going on?” Justin asked repeatedly.

“Did she give you permission to speak?” Nicole eventually yelled.

“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.

Nicole pushed him down on the chair and held the gun to his head while Samantha squatted in front of him.

“So, you think we’re hot, do you?” she asked.

He nodded.

“You like watching us, do you?”

He nodded again.

Nicole reached over to the dresser and grabbed a bag, which she threw to Samantha. Samantha opened it and pulled out rope, which they used to secure his torso to the back of the chair, and his arms to the chair arms. Samantha reached into his shorts and grabbed his cock out, now limp from the recent developments.

“Have you ever seen a cock ring?” she asked.

He nodded his head, no.

“A rookie,” Nicole laughed.

Samantha brought out a cock ring much too small for his generously sized penis. He’d never be able to cum wearing it, but she fastened it over his cock anyway.

“What the hell,” he said.

“If you like to watch so much, we’re going to let you watch,” Samantha announced.

“But you won’t be able to cum with that on,” Nicole laughed. “It’ll bring a whole new meaning to the word blueballs.”

He didn’t say anything and Nicole pushed Samantha back on the bed.

“Where were we?” Nicole asked.

Samantha handed her the thick blue vibrator and spread her legs wide open.

“You were fucking me,” she replied with a smile.

Nicole rammed the toy deep inside of her with hard fast thrusts. Samantha started to rub her own clit in circles as she watched Justin’s cock begin to harden.

“Fuck me Nicole, fuck me harder. Look what it’s doing to him,” Samantha moaned.

Nicole looked over at him as she slammed the toy deeper inside of Samantha.

“You like that,” she said.

“Uh huh,” he said.

Nicole leaned down and started to lick Samantha’s clit as she fucked her deeper and deeper with the toy.

“Oh God, yess,” Samantha screamed.

“Cum for me, baby,” Nicole demanded. “Cum all over this big fat cock.”

She sucked her clit into her mouth and gently bit down on it.

“Fuck!” Samantha screamed. “Oh God! Yessss!” 

All of her muscles tightened as Nicole shoved the toy in faster and faster until her body twitched in ecstasy.

“Damn,” Justin said in amazement. His cock was harder than he’d ever remembered it being as it throbbed against the cock ring.

“Look at him,” Samantha said. “All hard and he can’t even touch it.”

“You wanna touch it,” Nicole asked.

“Oh God, yes,” he begged.

“I bet you want to taste her too, don’t you?” Nicole asked.

“Fuck yes. Can I?” he asked.

Samantha pulled the long, thick, blue vibrator from deep within her pussy and handed it to Nicole.

Nicole walked over and showed it to Justin.

“Do you suck good cock?” she asked him.

“No way, I’m not sucking that,” Justin said angrily, his manhood threatened.

“I bet he sucks good cock,” Samantha said.

“Suck it,” Nicole demanded, pressing the head of the vibrator to his lips.

He shook his head no.

Samantha crawled across the floor toward him, stopping with her lips just inches from his rock hard cock.

“I bet this cock is dying to be touched, isn’t it?” Samantha said breathily, blowing hot air across the head of his cock.

“Fuck,” he said, attempting to push his hips off the chair and closer to her lips.

“Suck the cock, taste her juices,” Nicole said forcefully.

“You do and this cock will get that touch,” Samantha said.

Justin opened his mouth and Nicole stuck the vibrator deep into his mouth.

“Suck it,” Samantha demanded. “Lick all my juices off of it.”

He obeyed, sucking and licking all of her sweet juices off of the toy. He needed his cock touched and her lips were so close, he needed to feel it.

“Look, he sucks cock like a pro,” Nicole said, “I bet this isn’t the first time.”

Justin pulled away. 

“Al right, I did what you asked now suck my cock,” Justin hissed.

“Who said anything about sucking your cock,” Samantha said as she stood.

“You said…” Justin began.

“We said that your cock would get a touch,” Nicole finished as she untied his left hand from the chair arm. “Touch away.”

“Taste me, baby,” Samantha said as she lay back down on the bed sideways, giving Justin a full view of her body.

“My pleasure,” Nicole said as she turned away from Justin and climbed between her legs.

Nicole slowly licked Samantha’s clit from side to side as she darted two fingers in and out of her pussy.

“Fuck,” Samantha called out. “I need your pussy, I need to taste you.”

Nicole turned around and straddled Samantha and they went at it, 69style.

Justin watched and listened in amazement as they both moaned and slurped each other’s juices. He struggled to stroke his cock with his left hand.

He was amazed as they both reached climax together and screamed out.

“Let me fuck you,” he called out.

They both laughed.

“You think we want you?” Samantha asked.

“How pathetic,” Nicole added.

“I’d rather have a strap-on,” Samantha continued.

“Where is it?” Nicole asked.

“I’m not sure,” Samantha said.

“Downstairs, maybe,” Justin said. “You used it for that party on Saturday.”

“Not your first time watching us I see,” Samantha said.

“Sorry,” Justin admitted.

“I’ll get it,” Nicole announced before walking out of the room.

He watched her as she walked out and as soon as she was out of earshot, Justin looked back to Samantha.

“I know you like cock, I could see it on Saturday,” Justin said.

“So what?” Samantha replied.

“I want to fuck you,” he said, “and I can eat your pussy better than she can too.”

“Yeah, right,” she laughed.

“Let me prove it,” he begged.

Samantha was intrigued. She loved cocky men. She walked over and put a pillow on the floor before she pushed his chair backwards. She walked over to the door and called down the stairs.

“Nicole after you find the strap-on, run to the corner store and grab some new batteries and some strawberries. I’ll keep teasing him.”

“Anything for you baby,” Nicole called back.

“Prove it,” Samantha said as she straddled his face.

He used his left hand to spread her pussy lips and started by slowly licking her from the crack of her ass up over her clit and back again. He started to dip just the tip of his tongue into her pussy and she started to moan softly. He used his thumb to rub her clit back and forth as he fucked her pussy deeper with his tongue and she started to moan louder and louder.

“Yeah baby, make him suffer,” Nicole called from the bottom of the stairs. “I’m leaving for the store.”

“I love you baby,” Samantha called out as Nicole left.

“You love the way I eat your pussy, don’t you baby?” Justin asked.

“God yes,” Samantha moaned. “Fuck me with your tongue baby, fuck me!”

“Untie my other hand,” he said.

She reached back and tore the rope away, releasing his right hand. He immediately plunged two fingers into her tight pussy and sucked her clit into his mouth. He curled his fingers back and found her spot, stroking it with light soft touches as he teased her clit with his gentle sucking.

“Oh fuck yes, oh God yes,” she screamed out on the brink of ecstasy but he wasn’t ready to let her cum yet. He released her clit from his mouth and slowly started to flick it from side to side.

“Is…it…better?” he asked between flicks.

“Oh God, yes. Fuck, you are the best I’ve ever had,” Samantha moaned.

He started to flick her clit faster and faster as he stroked her spot with harder, faster strokes. She came over and over again, the strongest series of orgasms she’d ever had before. Her body shook in pleasure and every sensation was heightened, every touch bringing her back to orgasm. She tried to pull away, to stand up, but Justin grabbed her thighs and pressed her pussy hard against his face. He wanted every bit of her juices and he wouldn’t stop licking until he had the last drop.

“You are amazing,” Samantha announced.

“That’s nothing. You’ve got to let me fuck you,” he said as he released her.

“I can’t. Nicole would flip,” she said as she righted his chair.

“I could cum right now if I weren’t in this damn ring,” he said.

She knelt in front of him and released the ring.

“Oh fuck,” he screamed out.

He tried to pull her on top of him but she pulled away and slowly traced her tongue around the head of his cock. It jerked in reaction and pre-cum quickly began to ooze from the tip. She licked it off and took his rock hard cock deep inside her mouth and followed behind with her hand, stroking him quickly.

“Oh God,” he moaned. 

She could feel him start to tighten and expand in her mouth. She sucked quicker and deeper, begging for his cum. He shot inside her mouth, stream after stream of hot sticky cum.

“Fuck,” he screamed. “God, yes.”

She swallowed it down quickly and smiled up at him.

“I always reward hard work,” she grinned.

“That was not work, but it was well worth the reward,” he smiled back.

“I’m sorry, but Nicole can’t know you came,” she said as she fastened the cock ring back around him. “We’ll have to get you hard again.”

“69 with me,” he suggested.

“No time,” Samantha said, “Nicole will be back any minute.”

She tied his right hand back to the chair, threw the pillow on the bed and started sucking his cock fast and deep.

“Fuck, amazing. I can’t believe you’re a lesbian,” Justin said in amazement, his cock immediately hard again.

“I’m not a lesbian. Nicole is. I’m bisexual,” Samantha said as she returned to the bed.

“Honey, I’m back,” Nicole called as she came inside.

“Oh, Fuck!” Samantha screamed out as she placed a vibrating egg on her clit.

“Damn, putting on a good show for our little bitch boy, are you?” Nicole called back

“Yes baby, but hurry up. I need to get fucked,” Samantha moaned in return.

Nicole ran up the stairs, strap-on in hand. 

“Oh look at you, baby. So fucking hot,” Nicole said from the doorway.

“I missed you,” Samantha said.

Nicole pulled Justin’s head back by the hair. “You like watching her cum?” she asked.

“Yes, ma’am,” Justin replied.

“Now you get to watch me fuck her. You’d like to fuck her right now, wouldn’t you?”

“Yes, ma’am, God yes,” he said

“Too bad,” Nicole laughed, slipping the strap-on around her, “she’s mine.”

Samantha smiled at him meekly, avoiding Nicole seeing her do it and got to her knees.

“Come on baby, fuck me from behind,” Samantha asked.

Nicole wasted no time mounting her from behind and ramming her pussy with the strap-on. Samantha rubbed her clit in circles with the vibrating egg while Nicole pounded her harder and faster from behind. She loved the way it felt but she couldn’t take her eyes off of Justin. She wanted, needed, to know what it felt like to fuck him.

“Oh God, fuck me,” Samantha screamed, her eyes fixated on Justin, and his fixated on her as she reached climax.

“That was fast baby, you must have cum a lot while I was at the store,” Nicole said as she pulled out and sat on the bed.

“Yeah, I really wanted to torture him,” Samantha replied.

“You did a great job baby, look how fucking hard he is,” Nicole laughed.

“It would be a shame to waste that hard of a cock,” Samantha said. “Maybe we should use him.”

“How?” he asked.

“Shut up. Nobody was talking to you,” Nicole yelled at him.

“Can we?” Samantha asked.

“Use him how?” Nicole questioned.

“You know I’ve always wanted to be fucked while I eat your pussy,” Samantha said. “It’s not like he’ll be able to cum anyway.”

“No fucking fair,” Justin argued just for show.

“Shut up,” Nicole screamed.

“Never mind, it’s a bad idea,” Samantha said, looking down.

“No baby. Of course we can. This is your day. Anything you want. I just don’t want him enjoying himself too much,” Nicole said. “You’re right though, with that cock ring, it’ll just torture him further.”

“Remember, I’ve got that picture of you jacking off in my tree. If you make one wrong move, I’ll go to the police and have you arrested,” Samantha said, trying to be stern toward him.

“And I’ve got damn good aim, I could shoot you dead three blocks down the road,” Nicole added.

“I won’t try anything,” Justin said, flashing a huge grin at Samantha, “I swear.”

Samantha pushed Nicole to the bed and reached for the restraints tied to the legs of the bed.

“What are you doing?” Nicole said.

“You know you can’t keep your hands to yourself when I eat your pussy,” Samantha said, “and I know you like to be blindfolded.”

“Damn girl, going all out,” Nicole smiled, unaware of Samantha’s reasoning.

She tied her to the bed and slipped a blindfold over her eyes.

“I’m going to untie the bastard, I’ll be right back baby,” Samantha said after she sweetly kissed her.

She kissed Justin hard on the mouth as she untied his arms and then his torso.

“You can take the cock ring off when you want to cum,” she whispered in his ear. “Make sure to take it with you when you leave so she won’t know.”

She kissed him again and stood up.

“Stay in the damn chair til I call for you,” Samantha said in feigned anger.

Samantha crawled up the bed and shoved two pillows under Nicole’s ass. She raised her legs up and put them on her shoulders before she leaned down and started to lick her clit. Nicole started to moan quickly as Samantha pushed all the right buttons. Under the distraction of the noise, Justin got up and started to lick Samantha’s pussy from behind. Samantha tried hard to concentrate on Nicole and temper her own desire to scream out until she couldn’t do it any longer.

“Now,” she yelled. “Fuck me now!”

“Oh, God,” Nicole moaned. “You better fuck her good.”

Justin slowly brought his cock up to her pussy and ran the head of it up and down her clit, gently pressing it against her pussy. She rocked back into him, taking the head inside of her.

“Oh God,” she said as he rocked into her slowly.

She slowly pressed two fingers into Nicole’s pussy as she flicked the clit back and forth.

Justin reached around and gently squeezed her clit as he pushed the entire length of his cock deep inside her tight pussy.

“Fuck,” he screamed as her pussy gripped his cock tightly.

“God, yes,” she screamed.

‘You like that baby. Is he fucking you good?” Nicole asked.

“Yeah baby. He’s a decent fuck,” Samantha said, trying to hide just how great it really was.

“A decent fuck?” Justin repeated. “We’ll see about that.”

He started to fuck her harder and faster, rubbing her clit in faster circles.

“God, yes,” she screamed out as she started to fuck Nicole faster with her fingers.

“Yeah baby, fuck me with your fingers baby,” Nicole yelled.

Samantha tried to concentrate on eating Nicole’s pussy as she rocked back to meet each of Justin’s thrusts.

She drove her fingers deep inside Nicole’s pussy, trying to match Justin as she licked and sucked on her clit.

“Yeah baby. God, it feels so fucking good,” Nicole yelled.

“Cum for me baby, cum for me now,” Samantha screamed out to Justin.

“Fuck me with your tongue baby, you know that’s how I like to cum,” Nicole said, bringing her back to the moment.

Samantha reached back and unfastened the cock ring before digging her tongue deep inside Nicole’s pussy.

Justin started slamming her harder, driving her tongue even deeper inside of Nicole.

“God yes, baby. Fuck me with your tongue baby. Fuck me,” Nicole screamed out.

Justin grabbed the vibrating egg and pressed it against Samantha’s clit as he fucked her hard and fast. She moaned loudly as she reached orgasm as came all over his rock hard cock. As her pussy pulsated and throbbed around his cock, he exploded inside of her.

Samantha screamed, “Fuck me!” as loud and as long as she could to cover the noises of his orgasm. She moaned and called out as she came again as streams of hot sticky cum filled her up. 

“Get out, go jack off somewhere,” she yelled at him before she stuck her tongue deep inside of Nicole’s pussy, reaching and stroking her spot as she rubbed her clit in circles.

“Oh God, yes, oh God, babeeeeey,” Nicole screamed out as she came.

Samantha looked back at Justin who picked up the cock ring and smiled. She leaned forward and kissed Nicole as he left.
