 My name is Jennalyn. Before I begin to tell you my story, I should probably start off by describing myself, right? Physically, I've always been really pretty, with short strawberry-blonde hair. I'm 5'9", 120 pounds, and a 32 B bra size. I'm 18 and a Senior at Midvale High School. For as long as I can remember I've always been at the top of my class, and I guess because of that, I've never really been very popular. I've recently decided to enter the tutoring program, helping other students my age with their class work after school, and getting paid to do it!

"Where are you going, Jennalyn?" Brittany yelled from across the school parking lot. Brit was my best friend. My only real friend in High School, actually. "I thought we were on for hanging out tonight!"

"We will later! I'm tutoring Tiffany and Sarah after school" I said, walking towards her.

"Oh, come on! It's a Friday! Plus, do you really want to spend your day with Tiff and Sarah tonight? They've got to be the two most self-absorbed, selfish girls on the entire planet."

"I know, and believe me, I'm not looking forward to hang out with Ms. Popularity or Ms. Attractive one bit." As I said this, I knew it was a lie. I often fantasized about being one of the popular girls, and I desperately thought that if I made a good impression with them, then perhaps I might be better liked at school. "But how about you come over to my place at like 8pm? My parents are gonna be gone, so we can party without any distractions!

"Fine, but if I find out you've become one of... them, I'm just not sure if I'll be able to help you."

We left it at that. As I got into my car and began to drive to Tiffany's house, I started to think about what tonight would entail. 

Tiffany never paid any attention to me; she mostly just talked to her little group of the popular girls. She was incredibly beautiful, with long blonde hair, a tan, athletic body, and huge tits. They had to be at least 36 Ds! She really was the envy of all the girls!

Sarah was Tiffany's friend, and the cheerleader squad's captain. She was also very pretty, with longer brunette hair, big, innocent blue eyes, very creamy skin, and large 36 C breasts. Sarah also never talked to any of us girls lower on the social ladder than her.

As I approached Tiffany's house, I spotted Sarah's car in the driveway. Suddenly, I got really nervous. I had no idea what to expect. Were they going to actually sit and listen as I helped them, or were they just going to be mean and catty? Hesitantly, I got out of the car and approached the door.

As if knowing I had already arrived, Tiffany opened the door and greeted me.

"Hey, you're here. Come on in" is all she said.

As Tiffany led me into her living room, I could see Sarah sitting on the sofa watching TV. She was still wearing her red and white Midvale High School cheerleading uniform; she must have had practice for the last period today. Tiffany was just wearing a white tank top (no bra), a denim skirt, and flip flops.

"I like your top, Jennifer." Tiffany said. It was probably the first time she's ever said a kind word to me. I was wearing a pink polo shirt, a white mini skirt, and white tennis shoes.

"Thanks, and its Jennalyn. So you both need help with Math, right?" I said nervously. I walked into her living room and sat down in the chair next to the couch. Tiffany sat side by side with Sarah. "Or were there other subjects you're struggling with?"

"Listen, Jen. We just spent 7 hours in school, ok?" Sarah said. She sounded like such a brat. "So until Tiff's parents get home, we're just gonna hang out. I hope that's ok, or are you gonna freak without doing any equations for more than an hour?" Tiffany started to giggle.

"That's fine, I guess. I'm getting paid by the hour either way." God, this was going to be a long night!

Tiffany took the remote away from Brittany. She gave Brittany a knowing look, as if to say she was up to trouble. Smiling at me, she pressed play. Suddenly, two very beautiful, and very naked, women appeared on the screen. They seemed to be trying to shove their tongues down each other's throats!

"What the hell are you doing, Tiffany?" I asked, feeling very uncomfortable. "If you think this is funny, it's not. Turn it off" It was then that I realized I couldn't take my eyes off the screen while saying this. I've never seen any type of adult movie, let alone the girl on girl kind. Maybe that's why I found it so interesting, but also so confusing.

"Are you sure you want me to turn it off, Jenna? I think you like it!" Tiffany said. She sounded so catty.

"She does like it, Tiff! I'm gonna tell EVERYBODY on Monday!" Sarah said in her usual bubbly voice.

"Just cut it out, Tiffany. I'm going to leave. This is really weird."

"Fine, we'll turn it off." Sarah said, taking back the remote. "Just don't be such a baby, ok?"

Sarah took back the remote, and turned the TV off. I wasn't sure what kind of crap they were going to pull on me tonight. I guess no matter what, people like me will always just be a joke to people like them. 

I started to grab some books out of my backpack, when Sarah started whispering into Tiffany's ear. She looked back at Sarah, nodded, then they both looked at me while giggling. Suddenly they had their arms wrapped around each other, kissing. God, Sarah had her tongue so far into Tiffany's mouth I thought she'd choke! Were they really lesbians, or were they just trying to play some weird joke on me?

I couldn't help but stare. Tiffany started feeling Sarah's tits through her uniform, and Sarah was responding by bucking her hips and sucking Tiffany's tongue in horny anticipation. As I stared, I could see that every few seconds, one of them would look over at me, then turn their attention back to massaging the other girl's tongue with her own. I didn't even notice my own hand slowly rubbing the crotch of my white cotton panties! God, what was going on with me??

Sarah straddled Tiffany, on the couch, and continued making out with her. As Tiffany started caressing her cunt through her panties, Sarah let out little gasps in between breaths while Tiffany shoved her tongue into her waiting mouth.

"Fuck, you're making me so wet!" Sarah panted.

"Just wait..." Tiffany whispered into her ear. I couldn't make out what she told her next, but at that point I didn't care. I was probably as wet as Sarah was, but much more confused. My entire body was aching to be touched, and I felt completely betrayed by my feelings, even though I continued playing with my pussy. I wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of there and return to my normal life, but at the same time I couldn't stop staring at Sarah's soaking wet panties and both of their furiously hungry mouths.

Although I thought I was about to cum right there on Tiffany's living room chair, watching two girls who have barely ever talked to me sucking on each other's tongues, I was in no way prepared for what happened next. 

Sarah finally broke her passionate kiss with Tiffany, and dropped to her knees in front of Tiffany's spread legs. As Tiffany gazed at Sarah kiss and lick her inner thigh, I could see she wasn't wearing any panties! God, her hot pussy was perfect! Neatly trimmed, it was just begging for Sarah's wet tongue. Or mine...

"No, wait." Tiff gasped, as Sarah continued licking up her tan thigh. She was staring right at me. "Get her over here"

The two most beautiful and popular girls were now watching me play with my pussy through my wet panties. Although I felt frozen in anticipation, I never stopped rubbing my swollen clit or squeezing my aching nipples through my shirt. 

Sarah stood up, removed her black panties under her uniform mini skirt, and walked over to me. I couldn't believe my own behavior as I continued rubbing my hot pussy. 

"Get up, Jenn." She said authoritatively, all the while staring into my eyes. All I could do was shake my head. I knew what they wanted me to do, but I wanted nothing to do with it. Even though I was hornier now than I have ever been in my entire life, I couldn't bring myself to admit I was a lesbian. 

"Stand up right now, you slut!" Sarah sternly told me. "Or I'll spread all sorts of rumors about your fucking dyke ass."

I didn't have much of a choice now, did I? I stood up in front of Sarah. I was surprised by how forceful she pressed her tight body into mine as she gave me the first girl on girl kiss I've ever had. Although I was very reluctant to accept her tongue, her soft lips tasted delicious. Like strawberry lip gloss. I found myself willingly sucking on her bottom lip! She must have taken this as a sign, because she forcefully shoved her soft, wet tongue into my mouth. Soon she was trying to put her hand inside my wet panties as well. I tried backing away when I felt her fingers on my clit, but her other arm had me clenched to her so tightly I couldn't get away. I couldn't believe how good it felt, so eventually I gave in. She began to suck on my tongue while playing with my hot pussy.

She broke away, and forced me to my knees in front of Tiffany. I felt so dazed; everything seemed to be happening way too fast. Sarah got next to Tiffany on the couch, kissing her neck, pinching her nipples through her tank top.

"Isn't she pretty, Jenn?" Sarah asked. I could only nod as I stared at Sarah hungrily licking Tiffany's neck. Tiffany's shirt was now up over her perfect boobs, as she writhed in anticipation. I could tell by looking at her that she could explode in orgasmic pleasure at any second. "Aren't her legs just beautiful? Don't you just want to kiss them?"

"Uh-huh" I whispered.

"Kiss her knees, Jenn." Sarah said, as she began to gently rub her pussy.

I was in a trance. I began to rub my own wet crotch again, as I looked up at Tiffany's beautiful cunt. I hesitantly kissed the inside of her left knee, then her right. I opened my mouth partway, and gently licked the inside of her leg.

"Now what I want you to do, Jenn," Sarah instructed me, "is lick all the way up her leg. Don't stop until you get to my fingers."

As I started to lick, I could feel Tiffany squirm. Her hips were bucking, just waiting for my wet tongue on her hot, swollen clit. I wanted so badly to shove my tongue inside her cunt as far as I could, but I kept thinking this was so wrong. I just couldn't go through with it, I thought, but I kept licking anyway. When I could feel the heat of her pussy on my face and Sarah's fingers rubbing Tiffany's pussy on my cheek, I stopped.

"Now kiss her pussy" Sarah told me, panting herself. I shook my head. Although a part of me really wanted to, I just couldn't bring myself to give another girl an orgasm.

"Fine. Just kiss my fingers as I play with her." This still seemed like I was crossing some line, but my pussy felt like it was on fire. I was so horny, I was almost willing to just completely let go and do anything these girls wanted me to do.

I gently kissed Sarah's rubbing fingers. As she stroked Tiffany's sweet smelling pussy, Sarah sucked on her nipple hungrily. Just the sight of Sarah devouring tiffany's tits nearly made me cum in my soaking panties.

"Ooohhh, fffuuuck" Tiffany moaned. She was letting out little gasps whenever Sarah would rub her clit. "MMMmmm...."

I started to lick Sarah's fingers as they moved up and down her best friend's pussy. Soon, they were glistening from my tongue and Tiffany's wet pussy, and I could barely taste Tiffany's hot juices as they flowed between Sarah's fingers. God, it might have been the best taste I've ever encountered!

"mmm..." I groaned. My own moans were escaping my lips as I sucked on Sarah's fingers. She stuck one finger into Tiffany's cunt. Then two. I just watched them go slowly in and out of Tiffany's pussy hole, secretly wishing it was my pussy. Sarah took her fingers out, glistening from the wetness of Tiffany's pussy, and stuck them into my mouth. Before I even knew what I was tasting I was sucking greedily on Sarah's fingers, savoring the taste of Tiffany's pussy.

Sarah walked over slightly behind me, grabbed the back of my hair, and shoved my face into Tiffany's wet, hot cunt. I felt completely wicked as my mouth and nose were buried so deeply into her delicious fuck hole. I panicked becuase I could barely breathe, but I still obediently began to lick. I ran my tongue up and down her crotch like I was eating an ice cream cone. I lost all control now. I was so horny I didn't care if the whole school thought I was a complete dyke.

"Stick your tongue inside me, Jenn. Make out with my fucking pussy." Tiffany panted through her clenched teeth. "You're gonna make me fucking cum!"

I was on all fours with Sarah behind me, shoving my face into Tiffany's soaking crotch. As I gasped for air, I shoved my tongue as far into Tiffany's pussy as I could. As her hips bucked wildly, I struggled to continue licking, so I just stuck my tongue out as far as I could and let her hips do the work. 

"I'm cumming! Ohhh, god!" Tiffany groaned. "UURGHH!"

A flood of Tiffany's cum juice filled my hungry mouth. I drank down as much of Tiffany's cum as I could, and continued licking her clit and sticking my tongue into her pussy as her breathing began to get calmer.

"You little slut!" Sarah exclaimed. "You love to lick pussy, don't you?"

I felt so dirty, but I wanted more! My pussy still ached to be touched and tasted. After Tiffany's body cooled down, both girls stood up. Tiffany took off her skirt and tank top, so that she was completely nude. Sarah was still in her red and white uniform without panties, and I was completely clothed, my pussy begging to be freed.

"Now Sarah's pussy feels neglected. What are you gonna do about that, Jenn?" asked Tiffany.

Because I was still kneeling, I was now on eye level with Sarah's beautifully hairless cunt. As Sarah lifted up her skirt, Tiffany stood directly behind me. Sarah and Tiffany pressed their bodies together, entering each other's mouths once again. Tiffany's thighs and pussy pushed the back of my head into Sarah's cunt. This time, I was much more willing to lick her clit. 

"Mmmm" Sarah moaned into Tiffany's mouth. "That feels so good"

I stuck out my tongue as far out as I could, as I licked long slow strokes, from her love hole to her swollen, hard clit. Every time I flicked her clit with my tongue, Sarah's legs would wobble and she would let out a cute little gasp. Tiffany was now biting her pink, hard nipples and pressing my face into her pussy harder. I could tell by her body's movements that Sarah would not last as long as Tiffany did before she came.

"Oh.. Ohhh, fuck... I'm... I'm cumming!" Sarah yelled. She moaned loudly into Tiffany's open mouth as she grabbed her head and sucked on her soft, wet tongue.

Sarah gently led me up to her waiting mouth, as she furiously kissed me. Her tongue felt so good on mine as she tenderly and deeply entered my mouth. Tiffany spun me around, and kissed me too, although briefly. She took my face and led me to her nipple, still wet with Sarah's spit. I sucked greedily at them both, like a newborn with her mother. 

"That's enough, Jenn." Tiffany stated, pushing my face away from her remarkable tits, naked. "Maybe next time you come to tutor us, we might just go down on you!"

I was almost in tears! I was so horny, and these bitchy girls were going to be no help? Completely ashamed, I picked up my backpack and ran out of Tiffany's house. As I ran to my car, I could hear Sarah and Tiffany giggling like little girls.

As I was driving home, I thought I was going to lose my mind. I was so horny and unfulfilled, my body was shaking. There were so many thoughts going through my head, like how desperately I wanted to eat another girl out, I felt like I was in a daze. I was sure that if I didn't get some relieve soon, I would die...

THE END