 Author's note: This is a companion series to "Pegging Peter" and takes place on the same weekend as "Pegging Peter" Chapters 6 and 7.

* * *

Tawny Masterson had been playing her guitar for a little over three hours when they reached the city limits sign. "Well." She unplugged the Epiphone Les Paul and earbuds from her phone. "Glen Rose, Texas." She stretched elaborately and ran a hand through her multicolored hair. It was blond, brown, pink, and black, stretching straight down to her shoulder blades. "At last."

The road was still a ribbon of sunbaked black asphalt stretching through the rolling Central Texas hills, but the prairie grass and hardy trees were quickly displaced by big houses with well tended yards, then smaller houses ranging from neat to shabby sitting in the middle of big empty lots and streets without sidewalks lined with older and newer houses.

A little park, a corrugated metal building with "WELL SUPPLIES" stenciled on the side in sun-faded letters, a gas station, and more houses, none built after she was born. A typical wide spot in the road. She was just out of high school and she'd played a thousand of them. She might have even played HERE. The town square surrounding the stone courthouse looked really familiar.

"Welcome back to the world." Becca Bowman smiled at Tawny briefly, then turned back to the road. She was a handsome half-black, half-white woman, with a buzz cut, muscular body, firm medium sized breasts and tight round buttocks.

"Sorry. Just something about being on the road." Her nipples tightened and her panties grew moist as she looked at Becca. "Makes me want to play guitar." She scanned the buildings and houses around them. That just increased the heat between her legs. "It's part of traveling . . ." The counselor would have said it was also a way of shutting everyone else out. ". . . with a band."

"Well, forget the band." Becca pulled the Wrangler over to the curb and stopped. "I'm not the band." She kissed her finger tip, then touched it between Tawny's bright blue eyes and ran it over her nose and down to her lips.

Tawny kissed Becca's finger and guided it back to Becca's lips. "That's true. You're not a dick."

"Are the guys in your band dicks?" Becca touched the plain gold ring in the left side of Tawny's nose and the diamond stud in the right, then traced her finger over the teen's pouty lips.

"They've got cocks. That automatically makes them dicks." Tawny bent forward and put her hand on Becca's muscular thigh, then kissed her. "Even the gay guys . . ."

Becca's phone chimed. "Hola, Little Panther." She listened briefly. "Sí. Cinco minutos." She made a kissing sound into the phone and then hung up. "They're waiting for us." She touched the navigation screen and the robot voice started giving instructions, leading them out of town and down a badly cracked asphalt road to a comfortable old house surrounded by shade trees.

"Hey. Pretty nice," Tawny said as Becca pulled up beside a big black Pathfinder. "Not just an old farmhouse."

"This is Texas Wine Country." Becca got her suitcase out of the back seat, then waited for Tawny to put her guitar back in its case and assemble her luggage. "Touristy and kind of expensive."

"That's all right, I guess."

"Oh, you'll like it." Becca turned in a slow circle, surveying the trees and sky. "Quiet like it's out in the country but just a few minutes from civilization."

"If you can call Glen Rose 'civilization.'" Tawny followed Becca through the back gate and then stopped to stare at the crystal blue swimming pool. "Nice." It looked like heaven in the Texas afternoon heat. "Hey, wait! You told me NOT to bring a swimsuit!"

"I said you wouldn't need it." Becca waved her arm casually, indicating the pool and the fence surrounding the back yard. "It's all private here. Just us girls."

"The women that you're . . . uh . . ."

"Fucking." Becca smiled sweetly and slapped Tawny's butt. That felt good, sending a little shock of pleasure through her body, mixed with the pain. "The women I'm fucking." She caressed Tawny's ass, running gentle fingers over the stinging flesh. "None of us brought swimsuits . . . or many other clothes."

Tawny felt painfully aware of her gawky adolescent figure and awkward breasts and buttocks. "Let's go back to Glen Rose. I can buy a suit."

Becca shook her head slowly. "No Babe. I told you this was going to be a sex party." She picked up her suitcase and walked quickly toward the house. Tawny followed her through the back door into a comfortable sprawling kitchen, then through a plush living room and up the stairs to a big bedroom. "You wanted to come, anyway."

Tawny shook her head in automatic denial. "Well, I dunno."

Becca kissed Tawny, then stepped away and shed her cross trainers, tank top, running shorts, sports bra, and plain black panties. She stood naked with her hands on her hips and her legs spread, showing off her full-grown woman breasts and the mysterious slit almost hidden by her closely trimmed pubic hair. "Come on, Babe. Just relax and enjoy it."

Tawny moved into Becca's arms and kissed her passionately, flattening her fully-clothed body against the muscular black woman's naked one.

Becca kissed back, just as passionately, then twisted out of Tawny's arms. "Get those clothes off, Babe."

Tawny stared at the naked Amazon for long seconds, then mumbled "Okay." She sat on the bed and took her boots off, then stood up to remove her thigh-length black skirt and sleeveless "Dr. Volt" tee-shirt. No bra. "Is this better?" She faced Becca, cupping her breasts to make them look bigger.

Becca looked up and down Tawny's body, lingering on her lacy white panties. "You're getting there." She ran her finger along the filmy moist cloth, tracing Tawny's slit.

Tawny moaned under Becca's touch. "That feels good." She arched her back, thrusting her pelvis toward Becca's probing fingers. "Don't you like having your packages gift wrapped?"

"You've got a really nice package . . ." Becca's fingers went in deeper. ". . . and I DO like gift wrapping. But I'm ready to open my gift now."

Tawny grinned. "All yours . . . Sarge." She rolled onto the bed and lifted her hips. "Come take them off."

"All right." Becca pulled the flimsy panties off Tawny and dropped them on the floor. "That's a lot better."

"Yeah." Tawny launched herself off the bed and landed in a half crouch in the center of the room. "Makes it easier to move."

Becca's lips twitched upward in a brief smile. "Slow dismount and sloppy landing . . . recruit. Give me ten."

"Yes sir!" Tawny snapped out. "Where sir? Ten of what sir?"

Becca pointed to the carpeted floor at her feet. "Right there. On your knees." Her pubic thatch rolled like a breeze over a wheat field as she ran her fingers through its tight curls. "And that'll be ten licks . . ." She giggled softly. ". . . Or so . . ."

"Oh . . . Yes . . . Sir . . ." Tawny purred, kneeling at Becca's feet. She reached up to fondle the black woman's heavy breasts . . .

"Play with my tits later." Becca pushed Tawny's hands down to her sides. "I told you to lick my pussy. Now, get on with it." Tawny still hesitated, so Becca gripped the sides of her head and guided her face between her legs.

Tawny ran her flat tongue over Becca's pubic thatch, tasting her sweat and super-sexy female juices.

"Feels good, recruit." Becca stroked Tawny's long multicolored hair. "You're learning--" She gasped when the tip of Tawny's tongue touched her clit. "Oh! Yes!"

Tawny slid her tongue down Becca's slit, pushing the dark woman's sexy pelt aside, reaching all the way to that little strip of flesh between her vagina and anus and then slowly coming back.

"Oh fuck yeah, Babe!" Becca growled. "Eat me."

Tawny thrust her tongue deep into Becca's snatch. It was hot, tight, and wet with an incomparable--literally, since she had nothing to compare it to--taste and feel.

She nibbled and sucked Becca's cunt lips, drinking her free-flowing juices. Going down on her was the best thing ever. A few weeks ago, Tawny would have thought it was gross. She'd learned a lot since then.

Becca rolled onto her back on the bed. Tawny knelt between her spread legs and kissed her--long and hard on her mouth, then her chin and throat. She continued licking and kissing slowly on down Becca's body, exploring the mountains and valleys of her breasts, on across the taut plain of her belly, down between her legs to her hot woman core . . .

"Oh yeah, Babe," Becca gasped. "Eat my cunt."

Tawny pushed her tongue deep into Becca's snatch, working it in and out like a thrusting cock. Becca moaned, "That's right, Troop. Just like . . . Oh fuck!" She screamed and thrashed, coming hard as Tawny's agile tongue alternated between lashing her clit and probing her depths.

"Okay, Babe!" Becca was half laughing and half crying as she pushed Tawny away. "That's enough."

"All right." Tawny nestled in Becca's arms and they kissed . . . blazing with wild passion that transmuted into a warm near-timeless tenderness before growing into an even hotter passion.

Becca's fingers slipped between Tawny's legs. She twisted her wrist while moving her crossed middle and index fingers in and out of Tawny's pussy, sending her away on a wave of sensation. Then Becca's thumb found Tawny's clitoris . . .

"Oh God! Yeah, that's right!" Tawny gasped and bucked, coming hard as Becca finger-fucked her pussy and rubbed her clit. "Fuck me, Baby!"

"Come on, Troop!" Becca stroked Tawny's clit hood, rubbing the tightly-stretched skin over her little swollen bud while fingering her pussy, angling her fingertips to rub the little rough spot just inside her cunt mouth. "Come for me!"

"Oh fuck, Sarge! Oh fuck!" Tawny came harder and harder, squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples while Becca fingered her pussy. Finally, she collapsed on the bed, gasping for breath and limp as a rag doll.

"Good work, Babe." Becca took Tawny in her arms and kissed her forehead. "That was spectacular."

Tawny felt warm and sleepy basking in the afterglow from her orgasm. "Uh huh," she murmured. "Fireworks . . ." She was so safe in Becca's embrace . . .

* * *

Becca had always been Tawny's protector. The mixed martial arts classes at Becca's gym had been Tawny's refuge for the last eight years. She'd always been first to arrive and the last to leave, forever striving to be best . . . just to impress Becca at first, but eventually for herself.

When the other feelings came, the ones she couldn't express with a precisely executed punch or kick, the martial arts had given her the confidence to pick up a guitar and sing. And eventually become the high school student playing lead guitar for Dr. Volt, a band of mostly college students that played all over Central Texas.

Away from music, her personal life was a mess. The most recent crisis came when her boyfriend Bubba . . . Yes, his name was "Bubba." How small-town Texas is that? . . . broke up with her. They'd been dating for six months. He was cool with her staying a virgin, but she could let him could fuck her ass, at least.

The night Bubba walked out, Tawny stayed in the gym with Becca after she'd closed. She said she needed to work out nervous energy. Their sparring match ended with Tawny pinned to the mat and squirming against Becca's muscular womanly body.

She stared up into Becca's eyes, feeling the tightness in her nipples and the moisture between her legs. Her heart was pounding and her breath was ragged.

Thinking too much loses fights. Tawny went with her instinct. She grabbed Becca, pulled her down, and kissed her passionately.

Becca resisted briefly, then relaxed and melted into the kiss. She was a way better kisser than Bubba, or any other boy. She knew where noses should go, and the right lip pressure, and especially how to use her tongue. Boys didn't have a clue.

Then Becca took her, right on the mat with clothes scattered all over. Her mouth and fingers moved over Tawny's body, touching her in ways she'd never imagined. Pushing her to climaxes she'd never imagined.

The eight weeks since that night had been heaven. Becca was a perfect lover--although Tawny didn't have anyone to compare her to.

She'd never kept a boyfriend for more than a few weeks. Boys had eaten and fingered her, but none of them had made her come. She'd sucked their cocks and jacked them off. Making the cum squirt from their throbbing poles gave her an exciting sense of power, but was sort of messy and gross. Thinking about a boy on top of her with his clumsy hands, jabbing his cock into her, and spurting cum deep inside her . . . Cringe!

There hadn't been any girls, either. In their early teens, Tawny and her girlfriends had practiced kissing and fondling each others' bodies, but that had ended shortly after they'd developed breasts and pubic hair.

All this time, she'd been looking for something. Now, she'd found it. Sex with a full-grown woman . . .

* * *

"You feeling all right, Babe?" Becca's sultry bass rumble infused the velvet darkness.

Tawny opened her eyes. She was sprawled on the bed, looking up at the ceiling. Becca was lying on her side a few inches away, propped up on one elbow, smiling at her.

"Sure. Uh . . . Guess I fell asleep . . ."

"It was only for a couple of minutes."

"Oh." She laughed, a little nervously. "Well."

"It's okay." Becca leaned forward and kissed Tawny tenderly. "I like making you come so hard that you fall asleep."

"Well, you sure did that." She laughed again. "And I sure did pass out . . . I guess you overloaded everything."

"Rode you hard and put you up wet?"

"Yeah. That's a pretty good description."

"Well, you're young and healthy." Becca pounced on Tawny, pinning her to the mattress. "Ready for another ride."

"Aren't you the horny one?" Tawny's nipples tightened and the heat between her legs built as she squirmed under Becca, vainly trying to get away. "What's come over the old lady?"

"First, there's sexy little you." Becca knelt between Tawny's thighs, restraining her wrists while grinding her pussy into Tawny's vulva.

"You had me back in Austin." Tawny continued struggling, but not hard enough to be in danger of actually breaking away. She rolled her hips and arched her back, rubbing her pussy and tits against Becca's body. "What else?"

"Being AWAY from Austin. From work. My family . . ."

"Sounds reasonable." Tawny stopped struggling and kissed Becca passionately. "Getting away from everything . . . except each other."

"That's part of it." Becca straddled Tawny's thighs and put her hands on her breasts. Her warm flat palms pressed against Tawny's hard nipples. "But, there's also being in a house full of horny women.

"Are you going to introduce us?"

Tawny sat up suddenly. She'd have jumped off the bed and taken a defensive posture if Becca's weight on her thighs wasn't holding her down. "What?" She looked wide-eyed at the two naked women standing at the bedroom door.

They were both around Becca's age and in good shape, like her. One was Anglo, with long thick blond hair. Her Hispanic companion's hair was just as long and thick, but raven-black. Their bodies were lush, with full womanly breasts, wide hips, beautifully sculpted butts, and hot pussies with neatly-trimmed pubic thatches, one black and the other blond.

It was the blond woman who'd spoken. She walked into the room. The Hispanic woman followed her. They stopped beside the bed.

Becca got up and kissed the Hispanic woman. "Pequeña Pantera, it's good to see you again." They kissed thoroughly and passionately while groping each others' athletic bodies.

Tawny stood up slowly, keeping her eyes on HER GIRLFRIEND making out with this dark . . . admittedly very attractive . . . stranger. Although they sure weren't acting like strangers . . . And Becca wasn't EXACTLY her girlfriend . . .

The blonde was watching the coupling women, too. She was just as sexy as her raven-haired friend, with an arrow of thick blond pubic hair pointing down at her shaved crotch and neat little pussy lips. Her hair was tousled and she smelled like sweat and sex.

"Well . . ." The blonde gestured toward Becca and the Hispanic woman. "Elana's not going to introduce us." She put her hand on Tawny's bare shoulder and kissed her. It was a friendly kiss, rather than sexual. Not TOO sexual, anyway. "I'm Kyra. She's Elana. And your friend's name is Becca. I've never met her . . ." She stopped to watch Elana spread Becca's butt cheeks and slide her tongue into the black woman's anus.

Tawny stared at Becca and Elana with a kind of horrified fascination. Yeah, Becca liked fingers and dildos in her pussy and even ass. Tawny loved getting Becca off, but putting her mouth on an asshole would just be so indescribably gross. So why was her pussy so fucking wet? She turned away from the women on the bed and stumbled out of the room.

"Are you okay?" Kyra had followed Tawny into the living room.

"Yeah, I guess." Tawny sank into an easy chair in front of the unlit fireplace. "Just a little overwhelmed . . ."

"The first time for anything is pretty overwhelming. Especially something as intimate as a group scene." Kyra moved behind the full bar at the far end of the room. "Want a drink? We've got practically everything."

That sounded wonderfully grownup to Tawny. "Sure. Uh . . ." She'd been reading the James Bond books her grandfather had given her when he'd sold the house and moved to Colorado. "A vodka martini, please."

"Sure." Kyra handled bottles with the cool confidence of a professional bartender, seemingly unaware of being naked in the middle of a somewhat fractured sex party. "You want the genuine James Bond recipe or something that tastes good?"

"I'll go with your judgment." That was always a safe answer. It made her seem sophisticated even when she didn't understand everything people said.

"Good call." Kyra stirred vodka, vermouth, olive juice, and ice into a small pitcher, than strained the mixture into martini glasses and added olives. "Here you are. My slightly off-color vodka martini." She handed one glass to Tawny and picked the other up herself. "Cheers."

"Thanks." Tawny touched her glass to Kyra's and took a sip. It was STRONG and she usually didn't drink more than a single beer. "Good." She took another sip. It WAS good and it wasn't like she was going to be driving . . . "What makes it a 'slightly off-color' martini?"

"I only use a little olive juice. So it's just a little dirty."

Tawny smiled and nodded like she understood. "It's delightful." She took another sip and then set the glass down on the end table beside her easy chair. She closed her legs and crossed her arms over her breasts, then took a deep breath and lowered her arms to her sides. She kept her legs closed, hiding her vulva but not much else.

Kyra sat in the easy chair on the far side of the fireplace from Tawny's, sprawling with her legs open and showing her pussy off. "You never got around to telling me your name."

"Uh . . ." Tawny couldn't help remembering the sight of Elana's face buried between Becca's butt cheeks. "I guess I sort of got distracted." It was hard for her to stop looking at Kyra--her pretty face, dreamy blue eyes, long blond hair cascading over her shoulders and partially covering her heavy breasts. Her nipples were big and brown, set in wide areolas.

Kyra spread her legs wider, pulling her pussy lips open and revealing her glistening pink interior. "That's understandable . . ."

Tawny looked back up at Kyra's face. "Oh . . . Sorry . . . It's Tawny . . ." Her mind raced. What did you say to a naked woman who'd just watched you having sex with your girlfriend?

"All Elana and I knew was that Becca might bring a friend." Kyra ate one of the olives impaled on a plastic sword, then set the drink aside. "We weren't expecting someone as beautiful and . . . young . . . as you."
