 Author's note: This is a companion series to "Pegging Peter" and takes place on the same weekend as "Pegging Peter" Chapters 6 and 7.

* * *

Tawny woke up in darkness. For a while, she was content to lie there, basking in warm contentment, but she gradually became more aware of her surroundings.

She was in a big bed, lying naked on top of the sheets. That was comfortable because the room was unusually warm. It wasn't completely dark. Little lights set along the baseboards cast a faint glow on the carpet.

A woman was lying on her back beside Tawny, silhouetted against the dim light from the floor. Like all three of the other women in the house, she had wide hips, long legs, and grown-woman breasts. They were so much bigger and more luxurious than Tawny's taut teen tits.

The mystery woman stirred. Her skin was dark in the dim light--too dark to tell her race--and her face was shadowed. Her hair was long, so she wasn't buzz-cut half-black Becca. She couldn't tell its color, but Tawny guessed the woman was blond Anglo Kyra, rather than raven-haired Hispanic Elana. They'd gone to bed together and she hadn't been sleeping for long.

Had she? The clock on the nightstand said it was a little after 2:00 AM. She and Becca had arrived just before sunset. She'd already been tired from a busy week. The intense orgasms and strong martinis had put her out for hours.

She was certainly awake now. The heat between her legs built steadily and radiated through her body as she listened to the woman's soft breathing. Since that night in the gym eight weeks ago, Tawny and Becca had been having sex whenever possible, but Tawny was still living at home and this was only the second time she'd actually SLEPT with a woman. Waking up with a lover was awesome. Especially a lover who'd eaten her ass and made her come so spectacularly.

The woman moaned softly and rolled over onto her side, turning her beautifully-sculpted buttocks toward Tawny.

"Hey Sexy," Tawny whispered. The woman's regular breathing continued. "Time to wake up." She spooned the woman, flattening her breasts against her back and pressing her vulva against her ass, then reached around to fondle her big firm tits.

"Ummm . . ." the woman purred, placing her hand over Tawny's and guiding it to one of her nipples. They were already hard, just as hard as Tawny's. She moaned with pleasure as Tawny pinched and twisted her nipple, rocking her hips and growling like a tigress in heat when Tawny found one particular combination of motion and pressure.

The mystery woman pulled away from Tawny, then rolled onto her back and opened her legs. Tawny knelt between her spread thighs, bent forward, and kissed her. The woman kissed Tawny back passionately. Something about her kisses seemed different from Kyra's, but Tawny wasn't sure. That was strangely exciting.

Tawny showered her partner's forehead, cheeks, nose, and eyelids with butterfly kisses, then moved down her throat to her chest. The woman moaned and bucked as Tawny licked, kissed, and sucked her heavy breasts. She finally left those magnificent mountains for the smooth flat plain of her belly and then went on down between her thighs to her hot female core.

She rubbed her face against the woman's thick triangular thatch, then showered butterfly kisses on her hairless vulva. It was an exciting contrast to Becca's close-cropped pubic hair. This was all exciting and almost hadn't happened. It was one of the band's rare weekends without a gig and she hadn't decided to come until the last minute.

Tawny licked and nibbled up and down the woman's slit and over her taint, coming teasingly close to her anus. Yesterday, she'd thought assholes were gross. Now, she wanted to explore that sexy little patch of wrinkled flesh with her tongue.

But that could wait. She gently pulled the woman's pussy lips open and thrust her tongue into her depths. The woman responded by growling and rolling her hips, grinding her pelvis into Tawny's face. That animal growl was so fucking sexy! Tawny pushed her tongue in deeper, working it in and out like a flexible cock, occasionally pausing to suck the juices leaking from the woman's pussy and running down between her buttocks.

There was something she'd heard of. Not too long ago, it would have been unthinkable. Now . . .

Tawny pushed the woman's clit hood aside with her tongue and wrapped her lips around the little swollen bud, then sucked it gently while sliding her index and middle fingers in and out of her pussy. The woman growled, louder than ever, and lifted her legs, presenting her vulva and anus to Tawny. Her asshole was slick with the juices leaking from her pussy.

So far, Tawny had been doing the G-spot rubbing that Becca liked so much. But now . . . She thought for a moment, then extended her middle and index fingers, forming a hand pistol, and worked them straight in and out of the woman's pussy in a fucking motion.

The woman bucked and growled as Tawny finger-fucked her steadily. She gasped when Tawny extended her pinky and pressed it into her asshole. Her growls grew into full-throated screams as Tawny fucked her pussy and ass while sucking her clit.

"Oh God!" the woman cried, coming hard. "Oh God! Oh fuck! Oh yeah!"

Tawny kept the woman's orgasm going until she gasped, "No! Enough!" and pushed Tawny away.

"You girls having fun?" The lights came up. Kyra and Becca were standing in the door, naked and grinning. "It sure sounded like it."

Tawny looked at her bedmate. She was a stunningly sexy Hispanic woman with long thick raven-black hair. "I'm Elana," she said. "And you're an excellent lover." Her grin reminded Tawny of a kitten preparing to get into trouble. "Although I didn't get your name."

The anonymous sex had been a surprising turn-on for Tawny. She introduced herself, a little self-consciously.

"Hi Tawny," Elana said. "I'm pleased to meet you." She pushed Tawny onto her back. "It's MY turn, now." She lowered her face between Tawny's legs.

Tawny kneaded her breasts and rolled her hips as Elana licked her pussy and taint, going deep inside her slit, stroking her clit, and occasionally letting her tongue dance over her rosebud. "Oh fuck!" she gasped. "Oh my God!"

Kyra and Becca had been fondling each other while they watched the action on the bed. "Aren't they cute?" Becca asked.

"Oh yeah," Kyra answered. "Especially Tawny's pretty . . . lit . . . uh . . . teenage breasts."

"Jesus!" Tawny sighed. "I wish I had real tits."

"Enjoy what you've got while you've got it." Elana dived back into Tawny's muff.

Kyra and Becca exchanged a look. "Those tits look pretty good to me," Kyra said.

Becca nodded. "Like the lady said, 'Enjoy what you've got while you've got it.'"

"Well, we've got a sexy young woman." Kyra pounced on Tawny's left breast, licking and kneading its firm flesh, kissing and sucking its nipple . . .

Becca stood with her hands on her hips, looking at the three women on the bed. "You're looking good, Troop."

"Thanks, Sarge." With two skilled female mouths on her body, it was hard for Tawny to think. Still, there was something. "I've still got a tit left."

"I can handle that." She sure did. The two mouths on her breasts would have made Tawny come by themselves. Adding the woman eating her pussy sent her straight over the moon. She'd never even imagined coming so hard. If this was the end of the world, that'd be all right.

Tawny collapsed on the bed, limp as a rag doll. "Wow," she whispered.

Becca, Elana, and Kyra got up. They stood in a line at the foot of the bed, looking down at Tawny. "We wear you out, Recruit?" Becca asked.

"Hell no, Sarge!" Tawny rolled off the bed and sprang to her feet, facing the women. "I'm just getting warmed up."

"You're fuckin' hot already," Elana said. "What now?"

"What you got?" Tawny's nipples were painfully tight and her pussy was wet. "I'm ready for anything."

"Oh yeah?" Becca purred. Tawny suddenly felt uneasy. Becca believed in pushing limits, in martial arts and everything else.

"Yeah." You didn't win by being timid. "Bring it on."

"Okay." Becca kissed her. "I'll be back." She turned and walked out.

Tawny looked around the bedroom for the first time. In addition to the king-sized bed, it held a vanity, a chest of drawers, and a little lounge area formed by an easy chair facing a love seat.

Elana and Kyra sat on the love seat. Tawny settled in the easy chair. "Where's she going?"

Kyra smiled mysteriously. "You'll find out soon enough."

"All right." Tawny couldn't stop staring at Kyra's and Elana's magnificent bodies. "Uh . . . what happened while I was asleep?"

"I held you for a while," Kyra said. "Then, I left you and went in to see Becca and Elana. We talked about how frail the younger generation is--"

"And then fucked each others' tits off," Elana interrupted. "Those two pussies fell asleep, so I came in to bother you."

"Now, it's MY turn to bother her." Becca walked into the room wearing a big realistic cock-and-balls dildo attached to a heavy black leather harness.

"Oh!" Tawny stared at the strap-on. Its dildo--chocolate-flesh-colored with an oversized plow-head and exaggerated veins--was far longer and thicker than Bubba's stiff cock, or any other hard dick she'd ever seen. She didn't see how Becca was going to put THAT monster inside her. "It's big."

Becca stroked the dildo's stiff shaft and moaned softly, then looked at Tawny with sleepy eyes. "It's the same size as the vibrator I use on you. You'll be okay." Tawny had never realized an athletic black woman with big breasts and wide hips could look so damn good sporting a giant erection.

"I know I will." Tawny stepped up to Becca and gripped the dildo. It felt both soft and hard, a little like a real cock, but not very much. The big toy grew from a heavy black leather plate fastened to a thick leather strap circling Becca's waist and secured by a thin leather strap running between her legs and up her butt crack. "Nice."

Tawny sank to her knees and took the dildo in her mouth. It tasted like plastic, not like a real cock. Unlike a lot of girls, she liked giving blow jobs. They were a good way of satisfying boys who wanted to fuck her and getting a boy off was exciting, although the way he shot cum was sort of messy and gross.

Becca moaned and stroked Tawny's hair while she bobbed over the dildo and squeezed its plastic testicles. They were solid but slightly yielding like the dildo's shaft and cock-head, not like a real boy's balls. "That's so good," Becca whispered.

"You can feel that?"

"Oh yeah." Becca shuddered briefly. "The probes shift when the dildo moves."

"Probes?" Tawny jacked the dildo like she was giving a boy a hand job. Sometimes, she'd been able to get away with that.

"In my pussy and ass." Becca rolled her hips like a boy getting close to shooting.

"That must be intense." Tawny moved her hand faster.

"It is. Like getting fucked in both holes at once." Becca caught Tawny's hand. "But right now, it's your turn."

"To get fucked?" Tawny rubbed her thumb and index finger over the dildo's wide flaring head, wishing Becca could feel it. She wasn't scared anymore, just eager to feel that big stiff pole stretching and filling her pussy.

"Yeah." Becca pulled Tawny to her feet. "You ready?"

"Kiss me first." Tawny plastered her body against Becca's and trapped the dildo's shaft between her thighs, then kissed her hard and open-mouthed with an aggressive tongue. Becca kissed back, just as roughly, while kneading Tawny's butt cheeks and humping her thighs with the dildo.

Tawny had never let a boy go THIS far. She'd always been afraid he'd push on into her pussy, despite his promises. To be honest, she'd also been afraid she'd want him to do it. Becca and the strap-on weren't threatening like a boy with a real cock. "Oh God," she whispered. "This is SO good."

"Good for me, too . . . Sexy." Becca pointed to the bed. "Now, it's time. Get on your back."

"Oh yeah!" Elana said. She and Kyra were sitting on the love seat, fingering each others' pussies. "Fuck our hot little virgin."

Tawny lay on her back and lifted her legs, elevating her pelvis. "Come on, Sarge. I'm ready for a good hard workout."

"You better be, Troop," Becca growled. She knelt on the bed between Tawny's spread thighs. "Because that's what you're getting."

Tawny looked from the giant cock growing from Becca's crotch to Kyra and Elana, standing beside the bed with their legs open, kneading their breasts and fingering each others' pussies, and then back to Becca. "Do it now." Her cunt had never been so hot and wet.

"Okay, Sexy." Becca bent forward and kissed Tawny, then straightened up and guided the dildo's flaring plow-head between Tawny's pussy lips.

Tawny closed her eyes and surrendered herself to the sensations of the cock-head entering her. It stopped just inside her pussy mouth, drew back slightly, and then slipped back in. She opened her eyes and looked up at Becca. She grinned and she rolled her hips, slowly rubbing the tip of the dildo against Tawny's G-spot. "You like that?"

"Oh yeah." She stared at Becca's swaying breasts in fascination as the hot black woman shifted the dildo, stimulating her G-spot. "Feels great." Maybe the strap-on's dildo wasn't any bigger than the vibrator Becca used on her, but it sure felt different. Maybe it was in her head, but . . . she giggled to herself . . . it was definitely in her cunt.

"Come on." Tawny swung her pelvis up toward Becca. "Go deep."

Becca pulled out until the dildo's head was barely kissing Tawny's pussy lips, adjusted the angle, and pressed it into Tawny's depths.

"That's so good," Tawny whispered. Again, the dildo felt different from the vibrator as it stretched and filled her pussy. At least as good. Maybe even better. She suddenly wondered what a real cock would be like.

The dildo's unnaturally firm balls pressed into her vulva. It was all the way inside her. "Oh yeah," Tawny moaned. She tightened her vaginal muscles around the slightly-yielding plastic pole, wishing Becca could feel it.

Becca put her hands on Tawny's breasts and pinched her nipples. "You doing all right, Troop?"

Tawny grabbed Becca shoulders and pulled her down, then kissed her hard and dirty. Becca kissed her back passionately while fondling her tight little breasts and rolling her hips, shifting the dildo in her snatch. "Oh yeah. Feels great."

"I'm going to fuck you now." Becca drew the dildo back, then pushed back into Tawny's pussy, fucking her with long slow strokes.

The sight of Becca's swinging breasts as she pumped Tawny's pussy was hypnotic. The sliding rod in her snatch created a different type of heat from the vibrator. "Fuck me, Sarge. Good and hard."

Kyra and Elana masturbated and made lewd comments from the sidelines. Becca gripped the dildo's shaft to hold it steady and hammered Tawny, pushing her to a violent climax.

Tawny screamed and thrashed on the bed as her orgasm rolled on, rubbing her clit and mauling her tits, her body aching for hard hot jets of cum filling her spasming snatch . . .

"That's enough!" Tawny finally gasped. Becca pulled the dildo out, then lay on the bed and took Tawny in her arms. She nestled there, feeling warm, content, and sleepy.

* * *

Sunlight through heavy curtains filled the room with a dim glow. Tawny lifted her head and looked at the clock. It was 10:00 AM. It had been close to 4:00 AM when she'd fallen asleep in Becca's arms.

She sat up and stretched, then looked around. Becca was lying on her side, facing away from Tawny with the sheet draped over her hip and back, leaving her breasts bare.

This was the third time she'd awakened with a woman beside her. It felt better every time. The sex was great, but the intimacy was even better. She reached for Becca, but then drew her hand back. Let her lover sleep a little longer. Besides, she needed to pee.

She got up quietly and used the bathroom. When she came out, Becca was still sleeping and she was more hungry than horny, so she went down to the kitchen. She passed Kyra's and Elana's open bedroom door on the way. They were sound asleep, tangled in each others' arms.

Tawny checked the refrigerator and pantry. They had plenty of basic breakfast ingredients. She started out by loading the brewer with premium coffee, then toasting a bagel while the coffee brewed.

She was spreading cream cheese on the bagel when Elana stumbled sleepy-eyed into the kitchen. "Buenos dias . . . Sexy." Like Tawny, she was naked. "You're looking good this morning." She kissed Tawny. It was affectionate rather than passionate, but held the promise of a LOT more.

Elana looked at the bagel. "Dios mio, I'm hungry!"

Tawny handed her one of the half-bagels. "Here. I'll put another one in." She took a big bite of her own half-bagel, then went back to the counter. "The coffee's almost ready, too."

"I know," Elana mumbled around a mouthful of bagel. "I smelled it. It woke me up."

"It woke all of us up." Kyra walked into the room, holding Becca's hand. Like Tawny and Elana, they hadn't bothered with clothes.

"Sorry," Tawny said.

"It's okay." Becca grabbed Tawny and kissed her passionately. "We needed to get up anyway." She ran a finger down Tawny's butt crack. "No point sleeping when we could be playing."

Tawny reluctantly pushed Becca away. "I think we should eat breakfast first."

"I know," Becca answered. "We need to keep our strength up."

Everybody was hungry. The women divided chores and had breakfast ready in a hurry. It didn't take much longer to eat it. A half hour later, they were lounging in the living room, sipping mimosas.

"This is the life." Tawny was sitting cross-legged on a cushion in front of the unlit fireplace with Becca stretched out on the floor in front of her. She was halfway through her third mimosa and was feeling as bubbly as the wine.

"This is quite the picture," Elana said. "Four sexy naked women."

"Yeah, it is." Kyra got up and left the room. She came back with her phone. "We ought to take a picture." She set the self-timer and the women posed, touching each other intimately and blowing kisses at the phone.

After they'd taken several shots, Kyra scrolled through the images, selected one, and sent it off. "Let's see what the boys think of this."

"The boys?" Tawny asked. "Your husband and Elana's boyfriend? The men you had the four-way with?"

"Yeah. Peter and Mark." Kyra pulled up a picture on her phone. It was two handsome muscle men in tight Speedos. One was big and white. The other was black and even bigger. "Aren't they studs?" Tawny nodded. She usually wasn't into guys, but there was something about this pair . . .

"They're spending the weekend fucking," Kyra said. "Just like us."

"Oh?" Tawny's nipples tightened as she thought about those sexy men in bed together. "That four-way?" she asked. "What was it like?"

"Wild," Kyra answered. "It was Peter's first time with another man. He really got into it. He sucked Mark's cock and then Mark fucked his ass." She and Elana exchanged lewd grins. "It was so hot watching them."

"They really are studs," Elana added. "Big brutal males that take what they want, but always please us along the way."

Kyra laughed. "Peter and Mark are unusual men. They pay attention to what we want." She looked at the women's nearly-empty glasses. "Time to get this party started." She jumped up and dashed out of the room.

"Started?" Tawny drank the last sip of her mimosa. "This looks like partying to me." She looked at her empty glass briefly, then set it on the carpet. "I don't usually drink. Especially not first thing in the morning."

"We certainly don't need alcohol for a party," Becca said. "But it does loosen people up."

"I'm already loose," Tawny said. "Are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?"
