 This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially.

*****

"Well, well... Look what trickster has been outsmarted at long last."

The coyote turned her head from left to right, handcuffs to the post at the bottom of the four-poster bed. She'd been relaxing in her flat, a city home that her high paying job afforded her the luxury of, when her world had gone dark, a rag clamped over her muzzle as her vision dipped and swayed. She should have been ready, but she'd never even heard the door being opened, her captor's paws tight around her muzzle as her last sensation was that of a belt being snapped tight around her muzzle.

It was never a good look for a private detective to get kidnapped. Even if she was more of a spy those days.

When she came to, handcuffed to the foot of a luxuriously made up bed in a room with the curtains drawn over the outside world, she hadn't been surprised to find herself bare but for her fur. It wasn't an unusual look, but she was usually the one to remove her own clothes completely of her own accord. The belt was still around her muzzle too, stopping her from growling too loudly as she sought the attention of anyone in the nearby vicinity.

But no one was coming to save her.

Her captor, a well-proportioned timber wolf with her hair pulled back in a brown-haired ponytail, smirked, shifting her weight onto her opposite foot. Perhaps Cassie should have been more worried that the captain of the police was as naked as she was, breasts pulling down slightly under their own, delicious weight, but she was more concerned with her own predicament to worry too much about how wonderfully the wolf's grey fur blended into a soft brown at her knees.

She was a beauty, it had to be said, yet a deadly one. The only clothing she wore, if it could be counted as clothing, as a strap-on harness complete with a large, canine-shaped dildo, which jutted out obviously from her crotch. There was no contending what she planned to do with that and her sweet, coyote victim.

"It wasn't much of a chase, I have to admit," Kira mused, back and forth in front of her victim, hardly allowing her space to breathe. "You made it easy for me. Leaving your door unlocked? It's as if you wanted me to swoop in and snatch you up."

Grabbing the coyote's muzzle, she forced her muzzle around, demanding she look at her.

"You're not a predator really, are you?" She murmured, tilting the coyote's gagged muzzle up to hers. "And you're never going to dominate me. You're just a weak, helpless little prey pup who needs to be shown her place."

Cassie glared, eyes hard and unyielding. Her jaws strained at the leather belted around her muzzle and she rumbled a growl. Kira raised an eyebrow and shook her head slowly, disappointment emanating from the flick of her paw.

"Bad girl. That was the wrong answer."

Slapping the coyote's muzzle hard enough to snap her head to the right, Kira shoved her round, dropping to her knees behind her. There was no preventing what was to happen as the wolf snatched up a bottle of lube from beneath the bed, tail wagging as she claimed what was rightfully hers.

Pouring a generous helping of lubricant into her paw, she rubbed it between her fingers and slid them back and forth along the coyote's exposed, pink sex, one fingertip playfully circling her clit. The coyote flinched and whimpered, head slipping back as Kira played her fingers across her throat, easily demonstrating her control and power with oh so very little effort. Shuddering beneath her, Cassie couldn't help but arch her back and push her buttocks towards the wolf, desperate for attention as her body craved the touch only another could provide.

"My, my... Do you even need lube?" She laughed, sliding her fingers within Cassie's soaked cunt all the same. "You're wet already... Big bad coyote likes to be treated like a little puppy now, does she?"

With the belt around her muzzle, she could not reply, but she didn't have to as the tapered tip of the dildo nuzzled up to her pussy lips. A buck and push from Kira was all it took to sink half the toy into the coyote's soaked folds, her pussy lips straining wide around the fake cock. Gulping and huffing against the gag, she twisted, police grade handcuffs cutting into her wrists until she yanked back, releasing the pressure.

Not allowing her to rest or adjust to the thick girth, Kira groaned and held onto the coyote's shoulder for leverage, hips rocking forward to jab another couple of inches, up to the knot, into her victim's pussy. Cassie groaned, though the gag muted most of the sound, and Kira laughed, stroking her head as if she was petting a four-legged dog.

"I know how much you love to be caught," she huffed, thrusting as if she really did have a cock between her legs, something on the inside grinding pleasurably over her clit. "And I'm oh so glad I caught you, my little coyote pet."

Leaning over her, Kira held onto the bed and moaned lustfully, pumping her hips with wild abandon. Consumed by feral need, the wolf snarled and growled, saliva gleaming at the corners of her lips as she covered her female, driving into her with the need of a wolf on the full moon. And every single thrust pushed the strap-on wonderfully over her clit, the dildo seated inside her own pussy tugging and pulling in a way that made her shin shiver pleasurably.

Damn... Cassie trembled, sweat matting the fur beneath her arms. Sometimes it almost felt as good as the real thing. But there would never be anything to compare to a pair of soft, full breasts beneath her paws either. As she leaned over her, Kira's breasts pressed to her back, nipples poking through her fur, and Cassie groaned deep in the back of her throat, ears flicking back and forth. Closing her eyes, Cassie whimpered, dipping her muzzle down as the last bit of fight went out of her. There was nothing better than having a lady's warm body nuzzled up to her back as she was pounded. She trembled. No, nothing better at all.

But, as she fucked her for her own pleasure, Kira had something more in mind for the cuffed and contained coyote. Ramming the knot up to her pussy lips, Kira yelped and snarled, grinding her hips into her victim as if she was trying to fill her with the swollen bulge. But she couldn't possibly do that -- not a full knot.

Kira chuckled throatily and held onto the coyote's hip, drawing her back as she thrust in hard and deep. Cassie's eyes snapped open wide.

Oh god...

"No, you're not getting away without the knot, cutie. Hope you've been practicing taking nice, big toys for me."

Cassie gulped and shook her head, eyes bulging as the wolf rocked up, grinding the knot up against her pussy. Stretched open a little wider, the coyote whined and shook her head. No! It was too big! It wasn't like a normal dog or wolf knot that could push into a lady while softer, smaller; for the purposes of the toy, it had been moulded in its full, inflated form. Her juices oozed out around the toy, drooling onto the knot, and she wriggled her hips back against the dildo as Kira groaned and panted, intent on seating the entire length of the toy inside her.

"Oh, yes, here it comes," she moaned, though Cassie couldn't have been sure whether she meant the knot or the wolf's own orgasm, need rising by the second. "That's it, push back just like that, my little coyote."

It was all Cassie could do to ease the entry of the thickest part of the toy and Kira ground in with ruthless determination, a long, low moan rolling from her lips as, slowly, Cassie's pussy allowed her in.

Twisting and rocking her hips from side to side, Cassie yelped and howled into the gag as the wolf bore down, intent on filling her. The knot popped in quickly once past the widest point and the coyote squirmed, fuller than she'd ever been before as her captor laughed and moaned. The wolf's ears flicked to catch the whimpers of her victim and she thrust deeply, hardly able to move her hips back and forth with how much of the toy was sealed within Cassie, the tip of the canine-shaped dildo ground right up against her cervix. She couldn't have gone deeper if she'd tried, but the depth left her able to growl and grind lustfully, the warmth rising irrevocably within her body to the height of ecstasy.

Perhaps a toy with a more demanding girth would have to be located for next time?

Yanking the belt around the coyote's muzzle, Kira snapped it free and dragged it off her snout, letting her moans and howls out into the open air. After all, there was no one there to hear her and she did so like a loud partner. Cassie threw her head back, breath rasping harshly through her muzzle as her tongue lolled out, shuddering on the very brink of climax.

"That's it, my little coyote -- howl for me! I want to hear you!" Kira snarled in her ear, hammering in with short, sharp thrusts that kept the full length of the toy buried in her as deeply as possible. "Are you going to cum for me? Go on, girl -- you know you want to get off with a thick shaft stretching you nice and wide. Gonna need to find a bigger toy to use on you next time!"

That was all she needed. With a strangled yelp and devolved into a deep groan, the coyote reached orgasm, her world shaking as her body trembled beyond her control. Cassie bit down hard, catching her tongue and flooding her mouth with a metallic tang that she barely noticed as her skin shivered with tremors, ecstasy thrumming through her in wave after wave until she could do no more than whimper helplessly, a toy to be played at Kira's whim. And, although her orgasm would have been even more wonderful if she'd managed to time it with her partner, the wolf was not far off following her. As the coyote's pussy gripped and pushed the dildo, she shrieked as she hit her own climax, both paws squeezing Cassie's full breasts as her nipples poked against her fingers.

The outside world ceased to matter as they rocked and moaned through orgasm, two furs joined in mutual lust, though there was more to their hasty liaison than first met the eye.

Coming down from their joint highs, the pair relaxed together, breath slowly, so slowly, returning to something faintly resembling normal. The wolf gave the dildo an experimental tug, though only found that her sweet coyote had clamped down around the toy so much in orgasm that removing it at that point was simply an impossibility. Cassie whimpered as the toy was jiggled and manipulated, flattening her ears to her skull as she threw the wolf a reproachful look and wriggled a bit, just to get comfortable. Kira smirked.

Well, they'd just have to stay tied together a little longer then. It wasn't as if either of them minded.

"You always whimper so sweetly," Kira murmured in Cassie's ear, tail wagging faintly. "Shall we get cleaned up and head out to dinner then? My treat."

Panting, the coyote glanced back at her and laughed breathlessly. Shaking her head as if in disbelief at her attitude, she twisted herself around enough to lick the wolf's muzzle, breath puffing warmly.

"Do you always have to be like that? Like you have your paw on me at all times? And did you have to give me such a scare when dragging me out of the flat? I thought you were the boss of the last guy I turned in!"

Kira chuckled and nuzzled her cheek.

"If you didn't love it so much, perhaps I wouldn't do it."

And Cassie adored it. She adored it more than anything else in the world.

She was lucky to have found a wolf that would love her in all ways.