 Peggy's flight was delayed over an hour so Jennifer saw Christian off, giving his cock a good tight squeeze and his mouth a deep french kiss. She wandered around the airport waiting and thinking of the days and nights to come. The memory of her first encounter shot into her head and she immediately felt the sensations between her legs start to build. The more she thought of the hot woman checking her out and then flashing her pussy, the more she wanted her. She slipped into a stall in one of the public toilets and began to start rubbing her pussy, the juice building up inside of her. She started to cum and moaning loudly she felt the cunt honey run down her legs and seep onto the tops of her feet. A thundering orgasm shook her as she spoke Peggy's name and daydreamed about that hot lady sucking her cunt until she came a second time.

When Jennifer opened the stall door she stared directly into the eyes of a young woman, perhaps 18 or 19. The little bitch Jennifer thought. The girl had her hand down the front of her hip hugging jeans and was furiously attacking her clit. Startled that Jennifer had opened so quickly she tried to withdraw her hand. 

“Leave it in your pants, bitch!“

The girl did as she was told. Smiling. 

"Are you arriving or departing,“ Jennifer asked. 

“I, I just brought my boyfriend to his plane,“ the girl panted as she started cumming just a bit. “He is going to Athens for a week.“

“ A whole week? How are you going to manage a whole week without his stiff cock up your pussy?" Jennifer turned around and bent over. As she pulled down her panties, the girl got a good look at Jenny's tight pussy and the juice running out of her and down her legs. The girl's legs buckled.

“Lick me clean. And if you do it right, I will make you cum also,“ Jennifer commanded and rub her finger up and down her snatch. The girl did as she was told and soon Jenny's cunt was sending more of her sweetness down her legs. When the girl had finished she had already cum twice. Jennifer asked her for her cell phone and programmed her own number for the young girl. 

“What's your name?“ Jennifer asked. 

“Natalia,“ the girl stammered.

“Natalia, my name is Jennifer, but for you its MIstress. Do you understand?“ Jennifer looked at the girl saternly.

“Yes, Mistress.“

Jenny shoved her panties down the girl's jeans. 

“Something to remember me by.“ She gave the girl a deep kiss, tightly sqeezing her ample tits. Natalia moaned and shuddered. Jennifer knew this little bitch was going to call, and she knew it would be soon, too. 

As Jennifer left the toilet area she heard one of the stall doors slam shut. 

This is going to be a great week, she thought as she envisioned the girl rubbing her panties all up and down her moist cunt.

I wasn't even ten in the morning yet, and she had already found a slut for her and Peggy to share. 

Chapter 4

Peggy arrived looking like a million bucks. She was wearing a see through blouse and a light chiffon skirt. As she walked through the glass doors Jennifer could see the outline of her legs through the thin fabric and detected that Peggy was, like herself, pantyless. Her hand shot up and she waved, startled that she reacted this strongly at the woman’s arrival. She wanted her so badly her cunt began to burn. Peggy came towards her, grabbed her by the cheek and pressed a deep kiss into her mouth.

“You smell of sex. Juices. Cunt. And two perfumes.” She had a wicked smile and grabbed Jennifer’s ass tightly.

Jenny buckled under her touch and sighed, “I want you right away. Come with me. Please.”

“Don’t be so impatient my sweet, we have six days ahead of us. No need to rush. Let’s have breakfast first and then we can get going. We’ll come together soon enough.”

In the taxi Jennifer noticed that Peggy had not brought any luggage.

“Where are your bags?”

“I have only this, so we need to go shopping right away. I figured, new town, new fuck, new clothes.” She laughed and kissed Jennifer on the ear. “And besides I plan on being naked a lot.” She whispered into Jenny’s ear and slid a hand up her thigh.

“ No panties. You are a quick learner, my sweet.” Her index finger started sliding in and out of Jennifer’s cunt. “You’ll get more of this later. Let’s eat and then shop till we drop.”

They had brunch in Jenny’s favorite café and shared a bottle of Champagne. They left the café and headed downtown for some shopping. Their conversation had been casual so far. Peggy spoke of her kids, her husband and the house they had. Jennifer told Peggy about her life in Hamburg, her loneliness she felt sometimes and how she missed Dunkin Donuts. Amazingly for Jennifer, Peggy not only made her want to fuck, but she seemed serious about getting to know her, like a friend or older sister.

They were once again in a cab when Peggy told Jennifer her age. Jenny was aghast.

“Impossible. 47? You look like your just a couple of years older than I am. Not fifteen. I’m impressed. What’s the secret?”

“Happiness and a lot of good sex. I am going to make you five years younger this week my sweet. Just wait and see.” 

She brushed Jenny’s cheek and then without warning grabbed her nipple and twisted it hard. Jenny winced but the kiss she received made her feel much better. 

“I am going to make your life a helluva lot better these next few days, and you my sweet are going to make me cum over and over again.” She leaned over parted Jenny’s lips with her finger and shoved her tongue into the younger woman’s mouth.

“Anything you say Peggy. Anything.”

They stopped at Jil Sander first. Peggy bought two rather masculine outfits and a short, short skirt. In the dressing room she shoved Jennifer’s fingers up her cunt, frenched her and and made Jenny bend over. She licked her pussy twice, ever so briefly and then stopped.

Versace was next and Peggy picked out a suit for Jenny. As she was trying it on her cell rang.

The number on the display was new to her but she immediately knew who it was.

“Jennifer?” The voice at the other end asked.“ It’s Natalia. From the airport.”

“The only girl I know from the airport is my slut.” Jennifer sounded stern.

“I am your slut. I need you. Now. I’ve been rubbing my pussy since you left, can I see you?”

“You have fifteen minutes. Versace downtown. And wear a skirt. Nothing underneath. A blouse, top four buttons open. And rub your cunt till you get here. I want you dripping wet when you arrive.” Jennifer hung up. 

The conversation had been in German so Peggy had a quizzed look.

“A little welcome present for you Peggy. My slut. I met her at the airport just before you arrived. Young bitch who needs some guidance. Are you game?”

“Count me in.”

Jenny’s slut showed up three minutes late. 

Jenny gave her a grim stare but said, “Your new to this, so it’s okay. But from now on, be on time. Or your punishment will be severe, slut.”

The young girl nodded her pretty head and thanked her newly found mistress.

“Get in the last changing booth. A special friend is waiting there. Do not dissapoint her, or me.” She slapped Natalias ass and watched her slide to the rear of the store. The young woman at the register looked over curiously but averted her eyes when Jenny caught her gaze. Jennifer walked towards her.

“Go have a look. I won’t tell.” She put on a friendly face, and ran her fingers under her skirt. “That’s of course if you don't, as well.”

The girl smiled and headed towards the rear of the store. She could already hear the moaning eminating from the booth. All of a sudden Jenny was next to her and pushed open the heavy curtain. The girl fixed her eyes on the scene before her. 

The young slut was on her knees, her head buried deep in the woman's cunt. Her skirt had been pushed up and the older woman was shoving her ring finger up the bitch’s ass.

Jennifer cupped the clerk’s tits in her hand and then ripped open her blouse. She kneaded the girls tits, then stopped and undid the fly of her leather pants. 

“What’s your name, sweetheart?” Jenny asked in German. 

“Helen,” she gasped.

“ Well, Helen, you're the only one working here right now and we are the only customers, so why don’t you lock the door and I’ll pull your pants down. I really want to see your blond pussy. You are a natural blonde aren’t you?” 

It took Helen two seconds to lock the door and return to the spectacle.

Jenny pulled down the tight fitting leather pants, so tight Helen could not be wearing anything underneath, she assumed and she was right. But there was absolutely nothing. Helen’s pussy was shaved bare. Jennifer slid her hand around Helen’s waist and teased her clit. 

“Oh that is good. Now Helen if you want to come I want you to do something for me first. Get on your kness and start licking the slut's asshole and when you got it all wet put two fingers up her ass and start fucking her. Can you do that for me?”

“Uhhunh,” she sighed “but please keep rubbing my clit!”

The blonde got on her knees and removed Peggy’s finger from Natalia’s ass. She started to lick the young girl’s tight hole with a vengeance. Jenny was behind Helen and had moved her hand so she could enter the girl’s cunt from behind.

Jenny had four fingers up Helen’s cunt and inserted her thumb too. It slid right in as the juice flowed out of the hot bitch’s cunt. She came soon, Jenny’s hand covered in her pussy liquid.

“Oh that’s so good yes fuck me, harder. Please!”

She came two more times before Jenny removed her hand, licking the tasty cum off her fingers.

“So, how do you like Hamburg so far, Peggy?” Jenny smiled.

“I’d like it even better if I could suck your pussy, Jenny.”

“Helen take my slut and do what you please. She can have fun but don’t forget your own pleasure. My slut, you have done well. Prove that you can do better. Helen is now in charge of you until Peggy and I finish what she says is as if I said it. Is that clear.”

“ Yes, Mistress” 

Peggy had come several times while the teen had sucked and fingerfucked her and now the juice was running down her chin and neck. Helen bent over to her and licked her face tasting Peggy’s exquisite juice. She came then and there. She laid Natalia on her belly. Her tits rammed into the floor, the blonde took control right away and started shoving her fingers up the horny slut's ass.

Finally it was Jenny’s turn. She had so enjoyed being the mistress but to now finally feel Peggy’s tongue licking her was heaven. She came immediately, a stream of pussy juice shooting out of her aching cunt down the throat of her lover. She had wanted this so bad, but had never imagined it would get this hot so fast. She opened her eyes to watch Helen take the opportunity given to her and lick and fistfuck Natalia’s ass. The young girl was screaming with pain and joy just like Jenny had the first time Christian had plowed her bung. 

“Fuck my ass.Yes harder, harder deeper. I want to lick you Helen I want your pussy. Oh God fuck meeee!”

Helen stopped and rammed Natalias face between her legs. As the slut licked the bitch to a thundering orgasm Jenny was reaching another climax. She bent to kiss Helen, her tounge tasting the mixed juices of Natalias pussy and ass, as her own pussy shot more and more of herself into Peggy’s mouth.

Peggy and Jennifer left the store sated, Natalia was left to clean and please Helen until Jenny called to relieve her of her duties. Helen got a three hundred Euro tip from Peggy and Jenny’s number.

It was going to be a great week.

As the cab took the two to Jennifer’s home Peggy said. “You still haven’t sucked my pussy.”

“We’ll do that right sweetheart, I want to lick you in my bed and not leave for two days. Just wait.” Jennifer gave Peggy a long deep kiss probing with her tongue as far as she could.

“If that’s any indication it’s going to be a cum fest.” 

Chapter 5

As the cab moved through the slowly darkening city streets, Jennifer let her mind wander. She closed her eyes as she thought about the three months that had passed since the Jamaican adventure and the life altering encounter at the airport. She had been consumed by lust in Paris, had wanted this woman like she had never wanted anything in her life, but it was sadly, a fleeting moment. As she boarded the plane, she watched Christian walk down the aisle in front of her. He was the sexiest man she knew, and she loved to see his ass. As he stretched his arms to place their bags in the overhead storage she felt a ripple run through her. His muscular arms, his chiseled profile, all reminded her of how she loved this man. But she had changed. She wanted to have that woman, but now Peggy was a memory, and although she hoped it, she then thought that Peggy would never call. 

In the next few weeks Jennifer had become obsessed by sex. She stared at strange women in the streets, openly gazing at their bodies and undressing them with her eyes. She loved to watch women walk before her in short skirts. Short like Peggy’s had been. And hoped to maybe get a glimpse of their cunts, uncovered just like Peggy’s. Once in a café she was staring straight at the pussy area of a younger woman, maybe 10 years Jennifer’s junior. The redhead had sat down next to her leaned in and asked if they should find someplace a little more private, so Jennifer could lick what she had been admiring. Jennifer got up angry and disappointed.

NO!

The first pussy between her lips could only be Peggy’s. And if Peggy never called and they never met again, so be it. She would NEVER taste the sweet juices cumming out of a woman’s cunt. Not before she had tasted Peggy.

She had begun renting porn movies and once even sucked the video clerk off just for the hell of it. While watching the DVDs at home she would slo-mo the lesbian scenes and rub herself to shuddering climaxes. She watched the films with Christian often, and he fucked her from behind as the actresses licked their pussies. She came hard, long and fast as her lips silently mouthed Peggy’s name. She bathed in Christian’s cum, urging him on to cream her, drown her with his jism and she loved every drop. She thought that Christian knew about her desires for Peggy and she was right. He too would fantasize about his wife’s lips between the woman’s pussy, her tongue lapping up her cum, savoring the muskiness eminating from the hot woman’s cunt. But they never spoke about it. It was a silent agreement they had, and it changed their sex life for the better. So why bring it up?

And this morning the switch had finally been turned to “ on” fully. She had seduced an innocent girl into licking her cum off her legs. And had made her her private slut within seconds. The power was a turn on like none she had witnessed before. She had fisted a bald pussy in one of Hamburg’s most elite stores and loved it. She was a sex fiend and the reason for this was sitting next to her. Peggy. 

Peggy's skirt was pushed up to her waist letting the cabbie get a full view of her snatch. Jennifer leaned into the seat and sighed. I knew she would call, she thought.

As the taxi pulled up to the building where Jennifer lived she awoke from her thoughts.

“Everything okay, Jennifer?” Peggy looked at her friend with a worried expression.

“Yeah, I’m fine. I was only thinking about how my life has changed since I met you. And the best for me is still to come. I am going to taste you. Finally.”

Chapter 6

Jenifer showed Peggy the appartment she and Christian called home. It was large, no huge, an old Art deco beauty with high stuccoed ceilings. The living and dining rooms were seperated by a sliding door and were big enough to play tennis in. The furnishings were exquisite, she had relied on Christian’s taste for that. And his taste was impeccable. The Thonet chairs, vintage as Peggy noticed, the gigantic dining table with room for twelve, the Roset couch, the wool rug. Everything was just right. Jennifer mixed two Sapphire martinis and showed Peggy the rest. At the end of the long hallway was their bedroom which had a giant balcony, through the door the last rays of sunlight bathed the large bed in an orange glow. Off to the left was the master bathroom, again gigantic, with a tub for four and a seperate shower and a bidet.

“A bidet, I love bidets. They’re so european.” Peggy said and laughed. Jenny turned the bath water on and whispered in to her lover’s ear,“ You relax. I’ll take care of some things and come and get you when I’m finished.” 

She kissed her and undressed her and then led her into the warmth of the bubbles. “Don’t even think about coming out before I come and get you.”

As Peggy enjoyed the warmth of the water Sadé’s “Sweetest Taboo” was piped into the bathroom through concealed speakers. She could hear Jennifer sing along outside.

“Keep giving me, keep giving me the sweetest taboo........that’s why I’m in love with you. Sometimes your just too good for me..” Peggy smiled and thought Jennifer's voice is just as seductive as her body. 

The door opened suddenly and a naked Jennifer stepped into the room.

“Don’t mind me. I’m not even here.” 

She sat down on the bidet, grabbed a shaver and her husband’s shaving cream and brush and lathered her cunt. 

She shaved her pussy hair off in front of Peggy, rinsed away the lather and said,“ It looks even better on me than on Helen. Like it?”

Peggy just smiled. Jennifer started to play with her clit while she was still on the bidet. She came hard and fast as she cried out: “ I am going to lick your cunt so good and then I’m gonna do it over and over again. Get out of the bath now. I wanna see your tits. Good, now rub your clit. I know you can’t wait to cum all over my lips. I am gonna drink it all and then: who knows?”

She turned to walk out “I’ll be in the bedroom. Come in five minutes.”

Peggy was amazed. She was the one used to being in control, but this little bitch had turned the tables. She wanted Jennifer's tongue deep inside of her and she would do anything for her. Anything.

She dried herself off, then rubbed some of the lotion from the well sorted shelf all over her body. She admired herself in the mirror. Looked at her ass , her legs, the muscular thighs and the trimmed pubic hair she always kept at just the right length. She spread her pussy lips open and delighted in the sight of her swollen clit. She pinched it hard. The juices building in her snatch glistened on her fingertips and then she rammed two fingers up her cunt. Fuck me, she thought, fuck me Jennifer.

She entered the bedroom to find Jenn waiting for her. She was sitting in an upholstered chair, her legs to either side propped on the arm rests. A small steel dildo was up her cunt. Her freshly shaven snatch glittered and a small stain of her cum had gathered on the burgundy fabric. Jennifer was wearing the silk blouse. She had gotten it wet and was playing with her huge nipples. 

“Make yourself cum so I can lick the juice off of your legs and feet. NOW!”

Peggy started fingering her clit and parted her swollen lips. She circled around her pussy with her fingers and every now and then stuck a digit betwen her moist fold. Jennifer teased her own nipples making them stand out even farther and moved the dildo between her lips.

“Remember these,” she said as she twisted her rubbery nipples. “You can have them. Later. Fuck yourself harder!”

Peggy slid two more fingers up her box, and moved her left hand towards her ass. She inserted two fingers up her anus and came right away. 

Jennifer crawled towards her. “Again! Thats not enough juice!” Peggy was in a frenzy, rubbing and fucking herself, her ass being widened by her own fingers and now she started cumming in earneast as she screamed and panted, 

“ Lick me Jennifer LICK MEEE!” 

As the cum ran down to her ankles more and more of it spilled out of her cunt. She was on fire and Jennifer was on her knees staring at her pussy furiosly stabbing the dildo up herself. 
