 Penny drove back home as dawn was beginning to break. Traffic was very light, barely a few trucks on the road making early-morning deliveries. Windows rolled down she let what was left of the crisp night air fill the car, reinvigorating her lungs. She felt a strong sense of self-confidence, of accomplishment. It was the first time in her six years of marriage that she had not slept at home, and yet she felt genuinely pleased with herself. The five or six times she had had extramarital affairs, she had been discrete and secretive, arriving home in the late afternoon before her husband returned from work, in time to pay the baby sitter, freshen up, and have dinner ready. Last night had been different. And what made Penny even happier is that she had discovered – or rather, been introduced – to a new professional opportunity. Her life had changed forever and she was proud of the turn it had taken.

A few weeks ago, Penny had been at the department store buying panties and bras. Penny wore no-nonsense apparel: cotton panties, white bras, nothing fancy, nothing outlandish. A voice greeted her from behind and Penny turned. It was Betsy, the coach of the three-times champion athletic woman's team at the university. Betsy, very tall, very thin, super-tight and fit, with hair bleached blond from the sun, was the admiration of the town. She had brought fame and glory to the university with her coaching prowess. Betsy and Penny were not friends: their casual acquaintance had been limited to a mere nod at the bakery and butcher shop. So naturally Penny was a bit taken aback at her sudden familiarity. Betsy suggested they go out for a cup of coffee, and Penny was honored that such a famous person should ask her. Flustered, Penny did not quite know what to do with the plain underwear in her shopping cart. Betsy read her thoughts and replied instantly, "Put them down. There will always be time to shop later." Penny blushed and accepted.

Having coffee outdoors with Betsy was anything but intimate. Being so well known, men and women of all walks of life approached their table to say hello. Children stopped to ask for her autograph. To each and everyone, Betsy was pleasant and most obliging. During a lull, Betsy started to run her long, thin fingers over Penny's hand. Penny felt she was melting away. The sensuality of Betsy's fingers was exquisite. No matter what silly things Penny said in her confusion made Betsy smile, her eyes ravaging Penny's face. Occasionally, Betsy would sway her crossed leg to touch Penny's calves. Penny was wetting between her legs, a lazy, incessant flow that Penny knew for sure would be clearly visible the moment she would stand up. 

"Penny, you know (or maybe you do not know) I have had my eyes on you for a while. You are so poised and so calm. I am so attracted to you!"

Penny was positively trembling, "And I you, Betsy. I have been to all your home games and cannot take my eyes off you. I don't even look at the game or the players, just at you."

Penny could not believe she had just said that. She blushed. Betsy put her in a worse state by caressing her face and holding her hand. It was not the casual hand-holding women often use while chatting over a cup of coffee. It was definitely and overtly sensual. It must have been very apparent even from a distance because people stopped approaching Betsy. They would come close, see that Betsy was "with" another, and discretely walk away. For Penny, being seen in public with Betsy, being seen in public with another woman in a romantic mood, being seen in public even as her wetness flowed hidden between her legs was enough to give her what could best be described as a mini-orgasm. She shook slightly and purred just once.

Betsy acknowledged it. Smiling, she let it ride over Penny's body, and just at the very end of the wave, laughed, "Penny, you were shopping and I interrupted you. What do you say if we head over to the Goddess Lounge [a very upscale lingerie boutique in our town] and we get you something?"

Penny blushed, lowered her eyes, and admitted it was way too pricey for her budget. Betsy insisted, "That's fine, sweet Penny, my treat!"

Both women laughed as they stood up, walking away hand in hand to the boutique. Betsy was obviously a frequent visitor to the boutique and most likely a major client: the cute salesgirl who greeted them when they came in probably mentally already pre-spent the commission she would be making on this sale this afternoon. Betsy started looking around for a general look-and-feel she wanted for Penny. The salesgirl caught on quickly and offered an initial selection, "to try on for size." Once Penny's size had been determined, the salesgirl brought in more items. The fitting rooms in this boutique were spacious, allowing Betsy and the salesgirl to sit on a padded bench while Penny tried on one combination after another. Betsy was thinking more in terms of formal colors, black and white, but the salesgirl suggested that bold, lively colors suited Penny's complexion a lot better. Bright reds, summer patterns, and of course a splash of pastels here and there did indeed make Penny look a lot more appetizing.

It is also important to note that both Betsy and the salesgirl agreed to steer clear away from the type of lingerie one finds in a magazine published for men to masturbate. Do away with crotch-less panties and dental floss bras. Penny was fitted with the type of intimate apparel that makes a woman, the actual wearer, look and feel supremely sensual. Some were tight-fitting; others clung loosely upon Penny's body, tingling her skin with every step and every turn she took. And since it was apparent that Penny was wetting a lot, the salesgirl offered a box of disposable wipes so that Penny could dab her wetness between items. Just trying on each set made Penny feel like a Wonder Woman; looking at herself in the mirror made her feel proud of the fullness of her womanhood.

When all was said and done, the salesgirl filled the shopping cart with the items selected, took them to the front register, and rang them up. This story will not even mention the total bill, it is too embarrassing to think how much Betsy paid for all. Even Penny felt a bit sheepish when they walked out.

"Betsy, when am I going to wear ALL this!"

Betsy held Penny's hand reassuringly, kissed her softly on the cheek, and whispered in her ear, "Penny, it is getting late. What do you say if you come over to my house now, and we can see how it looks?"

Penny felt she was melting away. Not only was Betsy treating her like a lover in public, but also offering to take her home! And to model, at that! 

Penny blurted out, "Yes, that might be nice."

Betsy was delighted. "Yes, that would be very nice indeed! Call your husband and tell him you will not be home for supper, and while you do that, I too need to make a few calls."

Penny was quivering with eager anticipation as Betsy drove home, laughing and chatting, one hand on the steering wheel, the other on Penny's lap as if they had been lovers forever. Betsy's home was modern, spacious, and ample. It had the look and feel of a very comfortable abode, with lots of room everywhere. Betsy offered Penny some iced tea, and moved about with ease, putting on music, turning on lights, making everything just right. When Penny asked Betsy for the restroom, Betsy suggested she use the guest one adjacent to the living room. And while Penny peed to her heart's content, she heard Betsy go upstairs, most likely to pee as well, and returned with something in her hand. Penny could see it seemed to be a slender gold chain. Her inquiring eyes were answered instantly as Betsy explained with just two words, "Nipple Clamps" and placed them on the living room table as if nothing.

Penny was trying to figure out exactly what Betsy had in mind, but the doorbell ringing interrupted her troubled thoughts. Betsy answered the door and in walked three happy, laughing women. 

Betsy, always so polite, did the introductions. "Penny, I want you to meet Amanda, Janet, and Edith. Girls, this is Penny, whom I told you about."

The three women cheerfully greeted Penny. She was not quite sure what to do or why they were there, and indeed was nervous about what Betsy may have told them. One of them, Amanda, discretely handed Betsy a thick envelope. Betsy smiled just as discretely.

But Betsy did not waste time, "Penny will be modeling for us this evening."

The women served themselves tall glasses of iced tea and sat around the living room. Penny suddenly had the certainty that these women met on a regular basis to see another woman model intimate apparel for them. And from the easy casual way they acted, that they were expecting more as the evening progressed. This was not going to be a casual five-o-clock tea and chatty afternoon. Penny was expected to model. And they were there to watch.

Betsy opened the very large box of lingerie she had just bought for Penny, and had Penny lay out each set neatly and carefully on the long dining room table. Betsy explained the rules of the evening.

·Penny was to strip naked in the living room, and turn every which way so that the women could see her in her total nudity. She was not to stand still, but keep moving about in the middle of the living room.

·When Betsy would give her the signal, Penny would walk slowly over to the dining room, take the first set of intimate apparel, bring it back to the center of the living room and put it on.

·With that set, Penny would have to model it, moving about in the middle of the living room, not stopping, showing the women how it looked on her. She would have to model it perfectly, to show how it fit and looked on her, to raise her arms high over her head, to bend over all the way down, to really model that set.

·When Betsy would give her the signal, Penny would take off that set, fold it back very neatly in the box, go over to the dining room table, take the next set and model it as before.

·Very important: Penny could not touch the women with her hands. And if Betsy touched Penny in any way, Penny could not take Betsy's hands away.

·Finally: "Very important, ladies, you may NOT touch the model, please!" The women laughed, agreeing to something they probably already knew so well from so many other sessions.

Betsy signaled Penny to start. Penny was trembling, not knowing what to do. Yes, Penny had been married for six years now, she had good sex with her husband, and had indeed been an occasional swinger when her husband had shared her generously with two or three other men at the same time. But it was one thing to be fucked by male strangers, and a totally different thing to model and pose for other women. Penny was shaking like a leaf when she started to take off her clothes for the first time in front of other women. They seemed to know what the first time was like for a woman and let Penny stew in her fear. They just stared at her, sipping iced tea, smiling nicely, letting Penny take off one piece after another, until she stood in her abject nudity in front of Betsy and her three guests.

Penny modeled the first set as best she could. Occasionally Betsy would give her some tips, such as how to raise her arms to better show the fullness of her breasts, or how to bend over so that one woman could see the cleavage up close while the other could get a nice look at her thighs. Betsy even suggested Penny raise one leg to allow a glimpse, a mere suggestion of the wetness flowing so easily between her legs.

The next few pieces were a bit easier to model. Penny was now understanding how to pose for women and was just starting to feel comfortable undressing completely in front of them as she transitioned from one set to another. Penny was trying to act calm and cool, to be so charming and suave, just as she had seen models on TV model jeans and jackets.

But in all fairness, Penny was really jumping out of her skin with arousal and desire. Penny had often thought about being with another woman, but this was just too much. Penny was clenching her teeth, not quite sure if what she really wanted was to run out and fuck the first male that crossed her path, to run upstairs and masturbate her brains out, or if to leap in between Betsy's legs and eat her until the end of time.

Betsy pretty much put an end to Penny's dilemma. "Ladies, I suggest we take a break for supper and then we can resume. After all, our newest model has been working hard for a long time, and she is only about a third of the way through. What do you say?"

The women laughed and agreed. Janet in her sweetest voice asked, "What is for supper tonight?"

Edith, so shy and quiet, smiled, "I feel like salad."

And so Amanda chipped in, "Sounds fine with me. Shall we have marinated cucumbers, endives and carrots, and wash it down with sparkling champagne to toast our newest model?"

Even Penny laughed with the women, agreeing it sounded like a very good idea. Amanda went into the kitchen, made lots of noise (as is her custom) while she delved into the refrigerator, and came back with the ingredients, placing them on the living room table. "Marinate them, Penny."

Penny had no idea what Amanda meant. She turned in panic to Betsy. Betsy, cool and smooth gave her a hint, "Penny sweetheart, just take off what you are wearing. Then you can start with, say, the cucumber."

Penny panicked. She wanted to run away. She was trapped with four women who obviously had done this many times before to one another and now were toying with a novice. She turned to the door. Betsy, quick and athletic, stepped up to her. Before Penny could react, Betsy had clamped Penny's two nipples with the nipple clamps, connected with the slender gold chain. A slight tug and fire sprang from Penny's large, hard, dark nipples and raged throughout her entire body. Betsy's eyes which had been so warm and inviting all afternoon now bored into Penny's panic-stricken eyes. "Penny, do it."

Penny, wincing from the pain, realized Betsy was for real. Tears in her eyes, she lowered her eyes and nodded. Betsy was pleased. Penny was responding well to being broken in and would be easy to train. She released the pressure. Penny, shyly and very uncertain about how to go about it, took the very long, thick cucumber in her hands, squatted halfway down, and started to slide it in her very wet, wildly dilated vagina.

A surge of pleasure raced through her entire body!

A refreshingly cold, thick, long, textured phallic guest was EXACTLY what Penny needed!

Penny suddenly relaxed.

She understood for the first time what it really felt to be a woman with other women.

Slowly, very slowly, she eased the phallic guest deep into her, letting it slide out of its own accord, gently pushing it back in.

This felt good, really good, Amanda! 

Janet and Edith, this was better than any fuck she had ever had with any man!

Oh, Betsy, this was even better than masturbating!

The women were chatting, eagerly encouraging her to go on, to leave it deep inside!

Penny was only too happy to oblige.

Amanda slipped off her panties and opened her legs wide. Penny leaped down, holding the cucumber in with one hand, lapping Amanda's very wet pussy with all her enthusiasm. In a moment of passion, Penny forgot that she could not touch the women with her hands, and used her free hand to part Amanda's labia just a bit more. Betsy saw it and instantly pulled on the nipple clamps. Penny bolted up in intense, fiery pain. Betsy caressed her face gently, whispering, "No touching please. You may resume."

Penny went back between Amanda's legs and continued to lap and eat her until Amanda had her climax. And for those who have already eaten Amanda, it is a well-known fact that Amanda ejaculates profusely when properly devoured. In fact, Penny looked up and her face was dripping with Amanda's clear ejaculate!

Penny was now understanding. The carrot went in next and with it inside her vagina and held deeply in, Penny pleasured Janet, soft and sweet sounds coming from her mouth as she too had a nice orgasm.

And of course, last came the endive, marinated in Penny's natural juices as Edith had her share of oral pleasure from Penny.

The women were so pleased!

"Betsy, you really brought a great one!"

"Betsy, Penny is really good!"

"Betsy, where had you hidden Penny all this time?"

Betsy smiled. "Thanks. But let's make some salad dressing and eat. Shall we?"

Penny was in tears. 

She had modeled.

She had posed.

She had given three women their due orgasms.

And she?

Penny looked for Betsy. Betsy had disappeared, and reappeared a few moments later, bottle of cold champagne in hand. "Penny, lie down on the floor."

Penny lay down, her entire body shaking. 

"Ladies, let's toast to Penny!" Betsy opened the bottle and the cork flew off with a very loud pop. The cold bubbles cascaded down Penny's hot body. To this day, Penny has no idea how I happened, but in the blink of an eye, the champagne bottle was halfway into her vagina, two women were holding her legs up high and wide apart, the third was moving the bottle in and out, and Betsy sat on her face.

Penny ate and ate and ate Betsy with passionate hunger. The bottle between her legs was moving in and out at a furious pace, dilating her labia to the point of utmost stretch. Penny felt Betsy tense up. She knew Betsy was just on the verge of a climax. Penny lashed Betsy's delicate clit with her tongue. And just at that very instant, one of the women grabbed Penny's clit and shook it.

Betsy had a massive orgasm right over Penny's face.

But that was nothing.

Penny's orgasm was a masterpiece of sexual expression!

Champagne bottle pumping in and out of her, champagne flowing in and out of her vagina, lovely clit grabbed and shaken, and just at that very moment, nipple clamps tightened and pulled made Penny explode in joyful ecstasy.

All women rested for a while, and then chatted happily away as they set the table, sliced the phallic vegetables that Penny had marinated up her vagina, splashed the sweet mixture of warm champagne-sexual juices that dribbled out of Penny's vagina and had a very light, pleasant and uniquely tasty meal together. It was all so nice, so very intimate and so very pleasant.

But all good things must come to an end. The women thanked Betsy for a nice evening, each kissed Penny lightly on the cheek, and they left. Penny offered to stay and help clean up. Betsy had other things on her mind. "Penny, yes, you will clean up later. We need to do some numbers first."

She led Penny to her home office, sat down at the desk, and pulled out an accounting book. She opened the envelope Amanda had handed her when they had first walked in. it was full of small-denomination bills. Betsy counted them twice. She started a new sheet in the accounting book, titling it "PENNY". In her neat handwriting, she wrote, "Revenues" and noted the total of the money in the envelope. Then she proceeded to itemize "Expenses" tallying up such things as the cost of the cucumber, carrot and endives, the bottle of champagne, iced tea, and "other miscellaneous expenses".

Totaling the "Expenses" and subtracting it from the "Revenues", Betsy came up with "Gross profit". 

"Times 80% for management fee, the rest is yours, Penny."

Penny sort of understood maybe what was going on. Betsy had charged the three women a heft admission price to come see Penny model for them and have dinner, was writing off the expenses, keeping a full 80% for herself, and giving Penny only 20% of what was left. It was real money, between you and me, but still Betsy seemed to be keeping the lion's share.

Penny nervously laughed and tried to make the better of it, "Let me understand, Betsy. You are paying me to be a professional stripper?"
