 Maxine was new to the area; it was the summer and she was out exploring the area. She visited all kinds of shops out at the strip malls near the larger stores such as Wal-Mart or Bed Bath & Beyond. She was about done for the day when she spotted a Kay Jewelers out by a shoe store, cell phone store, and craft store in an isolated part of the parking lot. She hadn't checked out one of those places in a while, and was interested. She walked over to the area and walked inside. She instantly felt cooled off and welcomed into the area. There were so many lights, so many mirrors...she felt beautiful just standing there in her white blouse and navy blue skirt with her blonde hair covering her face on one side. But apart from that there were also so many...Jewels! 

She examined all the different rings, necklaces, bracelets, and earrings. Of course, to her, small cash registers were clinging in her eyes as she looked at the prices of these gems. Still, they were too beautiful, and it didn't cost anything to look, so was a great feature of having such an imagination...her desires were satisfied for just as long as she could imagine it, then she didn't need it anymore. Her mentioning of the jewels as beautiful made her partly gasp when she saw a certain special woman walk by her, talking to the other jewelers. Everyone looked fixed and glamorous but she stuck out. 

She had very dark straight shiny hair, hanging loosely behind her down to the middle of the dark spiffy suit she wore, of course accompanied by necklaces and rings. The other people walked off into another room and caused her to turn around, revealing perky breasts and a godly cute, round face! Deep blue eyes and pouting lips that say "fuck me" like no other. The look she gave Maxine was enough to make her faint right there in the store, but she gathered her senses and simple talked to her. She read her name tag;

"Jessica."

Maxine wasn't normally interested in women; now she was guessing it was all a matter of finding the right one. And Jessica was the right one for her.

"Hi! Is there anything I can help you with?" Jessica said to Maxine, putting her arms behind her back and jutting her large breasts out.

"Oh God, you could help me all night." Maxine thought to herself, wondering exactly why this woman appeared so sexy to her. She too-quickly responded "I'm just gazing...uh, at the merchandise I mean! Ah, like the ones that you're showing off! Ug...that are in the store. Y'know, right here for everybody to see! Nyagh..." She sort of went off.

"Well...have fun then! Just let me know if I can assist you in any way!" Jessica answered before walking off, showing the limits of her skirt, which showed Maxine her wonderful calves, protected by stockings and accompanied by high-heels.

"Whew..." She thought. "What the hell is coming over me?"

Maxine imagined her with only those sexy stockings and high-heels on. For the next 30 minutes, she tried to catch glimpses of her new dream girl, pretending she was looking at the rings. After…an hour, she realized it was getting late and decided to head home. Before she went out, she was going to ask Jessica if she was going to be in tomorrow, but she got in a conversation with some other people, and Maxine, with her 5 second question, never got to ask it before she waited 30 minutes and got impatient. 

As she walked towards the car, she reminisced on what it was exactly that she saw. She just walks in a jewelry store and finds the woman of her dreams? Women aren't even something attractive to her! Or rather, she always appreciated the beauty of a women, just...never really appreciated it the same way men do. But after the whole glamour thing in the jewelry store, she was on the verge of finding out more about that kind of attraction. Because she...was just absolutely gorgeous...drop-dead gorgeous! She turned heads, made people full of desire! Her, anyway...

It was getting late and Maxine was wondering if she really would be in tomorrow. She was hoping she would, but she is also used to that not happening. Instead, she was just glad that she would be in some day anyway. Maxine went to bed, and tried to dream of her...but failed because dreams suck. The good news is that the next day, Jessica was there! It was early morning, and Maxine was ready for her "eavesdropping" session. She had tried to sneak many peeks at Jessica, and had been successful for the most part; but now she was going to be doing it even more. She dressed in darker clothing than usual, but something that showed her off nice enough. She got into her car and headed towards Kay Jewelers.

Inside, she took closer looks at Jessica from afar, Jessica turning around and waving occasionally. "I'm sure it's just part of the job." Maxine thought. She was around the middle of the store for most of the time, so Jessica was confused into thinking she was eyeing a particular piece of jewelry. Maxine was surprised to see Jessica standing before her, looking a little embarrassed as if she were shy.

"Hello, M...Miss! Would you like some help finding something? Would you like to take a look at something?" She said.

Maxine quickly tried to put on an act. She pointed at a random jewel.

"This one!" She said rather loudly. 

Jessica's eyes widened. "Well!" she said. "You seem quite set on it! Okay, I'll tell you about it..." Jessica picked up the gem and handed it to Maxine; the stone so small, their hands touched as they did this and boy was Maxine excited at that.

As she was rattling off Gem Specs Maxine was more paying attention to the way she was saying it. Not the typical saleswoman voice you hear that makes you fully aware they're only after your money. It was almost as if she was saying "Buy this stone and propose to me goddammit!" God, that rich womanly voice she had drove her up the wall! She was blushing, and the rest of her body was getting very heated. As she looked up at Jessica and her smile she just got a magnetic urge to kiss her on the lips; but alas, she could not. 

Maxine made a silly comment about price issues, and Jessica understood. 

"Well, if you ever decide you wish to buy it Miss......."

"My name is Maxine, it's nice to meet you. I already know your name."

Looking puzzled for a minute, Jessica then realized it and went "Well, haha...name tag and all, yeah." And giggled, putting her hand up to her mouth as if it was unladylike to laugh louder than she was. 

"Well, just stop in anytime! Is there perhaps something else I can show you?"

Maxine said that was okay and bid her farewell. She decided that she was done for the day and headed home...quickly. She couldn't take the urges boiling inside her.

Maxine closed her front door and propped herself on the couch. She untucked and unbuttoned her blouse, also dropping her bra to the floor. She lifted her skirt up and pulled her panties down and let them drop to the floor. Her right hand drifted to her swelling pussy, and her left hand drifted to her breast; she began to caress herself softly while she moved fingers in and out of her. She warmed herself up, and was no sooner reminding herself of why she was doing it by thinking of sexy Jessica. Alas she was alone but it got her hot to imagine she took a beautiful woman home from a jewelry store. Nevertheless she imagined Jessica locking up the store one night, and staying so that they could be alone; Jessica laying down on one of the glass cases and Maxine coming up to her and sucking her pussy hard, making her moan loudly. She could imagine this well from the voice she heard that afternoon, and also imagined how soft she was from the small hand-touching they shared then as well. She tried to emulate being Jessica with her pussy sucked on by digging into her own pussy hard. Her hips began to raise off the couch and her legs spread out to the floor. Her left hand left her breast and held onto the arm of the couch for support while she diddled herself harder and faster until she exploded in a hot orgasm that shot pleasure all throughout her body. She was sensitive and satisfied after that, imagining it was Jessica cooling off after a hot night with Maxine. About 8 minutes passed before Maxine put her clothes back on and took care of some paperwork before watching television the rest of the night, waiting for the day to be over, revealing the next day she'd be able to spy on her new would-be playmate.

She headed over to the store. It was business as usual. She didn't see Jessica immediately. She looked at the wonderful stones for a little while; still no Jessica. She talked to one of the other people there, asking her where Jessica was.

"Oh, she's off today. But she said that you might have come in today to look at the jewels. She mentioned you a couple of times. You came in, like, 3 times in a row didn't you?"

"Uhhh...heh heh, yeah I did."

"Well have you made a decision yet?"

"Um...not yet. I was just seeing if Jessica was available but...well..."

"You a friend of hers or...?"

"You could say that."

"Mmmokay well I believe she is scheduled to be here tomorrow. Check by then. She should be here."

"Kay, thanks."

As Maxine was about to head out the door, Jessica quickly walked into the store, panting. She passed Maxine, exclaiming "Ah! There it is!" Grabbing something from behind the counter, she was about to walk out when she spotted Maxine.

"Ah, it's you! Glad I ran into you!" brushing her hair back a bit.

"Hi there, Jessica. Just came to see if you were here. Lucky me."

"Yeah you caught me off guard. I just forgot something important that I usually take with me home because I need it, but I forgot it yesterday and need it for the weekend so I came back in to get it...which reminds me I have to go take care of something else, be right back..."

Maxine ducked behind one of the counters, making it look again like she was interested in the jewelry, which she was to an extent because it had all to do with her new crush. She watched Jessica fill something out behind the counters on the other side of the room. Then she stood up and pretended to look at some less expensive fake jewelry hanging on racks. She put her hands in her pocket immediately as Jessica turned around, and Maxine looked behind her in a suspicious way. Jessica walked over to her.

"What was that just now?" Jessica gave Maxine a look that could cut diamond.

"I was, just looking! As usual."

"Mm. Really." Jessica said coldly.

"Jessica I........Okay...I just, the reason I kept coming back…" she began to whisper, "…was because ever since I set foot in here, I've found you a very attractive and lovely person, and...I was sort of watching you, pretending I was looking at the jewels."

Jessica's eyes widened.

"There..." Maxine said, turning away. "I've said it. You know now. So...I'm your creepy voyeurist."

"Well...I.....Maxine...."

"Yes?"

"Are you a lesbian?"

"No. No, I'm not. But when I saw you...I dunno something came over me. Because I-"

"Let's go outside to talk about this; not in the store..."

They walked outside next to Maxine's car, parked at the corner of the store. 

"Well, Jessica...I just, found you so beautiful. Your long flowing hair, your cute round face, your glamorous appearance...but your smile and your voice and your way of moving and talking, it just drives me crazy!" Maxine was, the whole time, heart-rushing, scared to death of what Jessica would say. Jessica herself had her hands pointing to herself in a bashful way.

"I...I...Maxine! I...Oh God this is even tougher for me to say…" she said, brushing her hair back and looking to the side with a red face.

"I had the same feelings...I just didn't know if you thought the same. What would have been the chances of that, huh?"

"aw...well, umm."

"I'm not a lesbian either, but God did I think you were beautiful. I'm real shy...I can greeet customers, but it took me courage to walk up to a woman as beautiful as you and say hi..."

"Aww....Jessica..."

Jessica walked up to Maxine and put her arms over her shoulders. "God, you're just too beautiful...I really don't know what to say at this point cuz I've never…"

Maxine put Jessica's hand on her face. "Mmm…what do we do?"

A smile spread far across Maxine's face.

"I'll tell you what." Jessica said. "I'm rather busy today but tomorrow I'm totally free. And there is a nice café near here that I've always wanted to try out. And I would definitely love to try it with the woman of my recent dreams."

Maxine faced away and snickered, blushing.

"Well okay! Where is this place?"

"It's called 'Great Food For You'. It's on Crossdraw street, turn right from the mall entrance."

"Okay! I'll be there! Here's my number in case you can't make it or something...anyway, wear something sexy, Jesse!"

"You too!" Jessica said as she winked to her new friend and got in her car. 

As soon as she left, Maxine felt like she could take on the world. She relaxed in her car before starting it up and going. She basked in the heat of the sun, shining into her car. She loosened a couple of buttons on her blouse and felt the sun hit her body. It made her pant slightly, and thoughts of Jessica made her pant audibly. She let out a short "mmm" before she realized that anybody could catch her at any time; she started her car up and headed home, immediately running up to her bedroom.  

Putting her stuff down, she leaned against her door, her ass pressing against the door with her body in a < shape. She opened her blouse back all the way up and simulated her panting again. She lifted up her skirt and slid her hand into her panties. Using her left hand to keep her skirt up and her pussy exposed, she gently fucked herself with her right hand. She could hear herself;

"mm.....uh...uh..uh..uhh...uhhh...uhh...uhh...uhhh....uhhhh! huh! Huh! Huh! Huh! Oh lord! Huh! Hunh! Hunh! Oooh! E-uuuh! Uh! Unh! Unh!! Oh God! Oh! Hunh! Oh God Jesse! Ah! Aah! Aaah!"

She felt deep into her pussy with her fingers. Her left hand darted to her lonely breasts and gave them attention. Soon, Maxine was sliding up and down on the door she was leaning against, and pressing her cheek against it.

Her hands furiously rubbed her pussy as she thought dirtier and dirtier thoughts about Jessica, until she couldn't take it anymore and exploded into orgasm, her hips gyrating off of the door. 

"Aah! Aah!! AAHH! AAAAAAAAH!!!"

Her hands were soaked and she caught her breath as she slid down the door and sat on the floor. Her face was flushed, and she could feel the heat of her face against the cold wood of the door. 

For the rest of the day she could hardly settle down. God, it was a date with her dream girl! She tried playing solitaire on the computer but gave up after 5 minutes of futile rounds. She tried taking a nap but couldn't get to sleep. She attempted making dinner or watching television but she could not possibly get her mind off of Jessica. She had even tried to play with herself to her again, but it wasn't doing well...she was still tired from last time. But, like on Christmas Night, she had to go to bed at one point or another. So she went to sleep and woke up the next morning. She rolled over and looked at the clock. Just as she did that, her phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Maxine? It's Jessica."

"Oh hi!"

"Hi there. Listen, it just occurred to me I never told you what time to meet me at Great Food For You."

"Yeah, we didn't really pick one. What time you want?"

"Well it's 11:00 right now so....have you eaten breakfast already?"

"Nope. Still in bed, about to wake up."

Jessica's eyes widened and shifted to the side at the thought of whatever Maxine might be wearing. 

"Well how about...lunch at 12:30?"

"That'd be perfect. I'll roll out of bed now."

"Okay, Maxine. See you there!"

Normally, Maxine would be very excited. But she was very tired. All she needed was a hot shower, and she'd be okay. She undressed and got into the shower. Once again she could not stop thinking about her Jessica. She leaned against a wall of the shower and her hands drifted to her pussy; she tried diddling herself for about 15 minutes before she realized she may be wasting something she may need later....but it didn't change the fact that it left her aching and wanting.

As she got out of the shower, she picked something to wear. It's one thing to have dressed up all glamorous but then again, it was just lunch...it wasn't dinner. She picked out a thigh-high black skirt and white blouse...these she wore almost always. It occurred to her that many women must wear them as uniform, and yet she wears them only when she isn't working. But it was good nonetheless. She got into her car and drove to the place Jesse spoke of. Along the way though, Jessica's body felt very aroused; a buildup of past tries that she didn't finish. But now she wanted it, but couldn't. She wanted to save herself for Jessica. 

God…what was she thinking? Jessica wouldn't do that…she never would. What are they planning to do? She doubted anything really serious. It was a date, yeah, but…

Well, perhaps saving herself meant she would save herself for when she got home…after she got a more vivid image of her. And so she drove on in anticipation.

And when she got there, searching for Jessica, she found her...sitting, waiting patiently for her in, God, a green tank-top and jeans, adding to it a flower in her hair. This drove Maxine crazy; she'd never seen Jessica in anything other than a suit. Jessica set her purse down and waved to Maxine to come over to her table. Maxine walked over. Jessica got up and gave her a girly hug before sitting back down. Elbows on the table to support her gaze, Jessica said "Glad to see you made it."

"Yeah..." Maxine said, trying not to eye her too much. She couldn't help it though...her body was getting quite tense. Somehow, Jessica noticed.

"Oh, you like? I was hoping to wear something nice today."

"Oh yeah...it's nice..." Maxine said, throat dry.

The waitress came and they ordered. She brought their drinks back to them and Maxine sipped a large portion of hers down. 

"Thirsty?"

"No. Not in the least."

"Cuz you look thirsty."

"Totally not." She said, gulping it.

Jessica took her sandals off, moved her feet and placed them on Maxine's hips.

"You like?" Maxine started shaking. 

Jessica moved her feet back and forth on Maxine's hips, making her wiggle in a humorous way. Maxine couldn't take it though; she was absolutely mesmerized. Soon, Jessica stopped though. Jessica had definitely noticed her breathlessness, but only giggled. 

"There's no one across the table but who knows? Someone might get a bit excited."

Who, not her?

When they got their food, they were both hungry, though Jessica was the only one that could really eat.

"The food's really good though." Max said. 

"Isn't it?"

"Though I may have to get a box, cuz I, for some reason, am not all that hungry."

"No problem. We can just take it back home."

"H...Home?"

"Sure! Wanna come stay at my house?"

"Sure! For how long?"

"You doin' anything tomorrow?"

Maxine's stomach turned. Was she asking her to spend the night? "Well...I guess not. I just...well, kind of, don't have anything with me right now...."

"Oh that's fine. Here...my address." She wrote it on a small piece of paper. "Go grab your stuff and come right over. Can you do that or do you want to?"

"Y...Yeah! I'd l...l...love to!" Maxine said barely. Her heart was pounding. She wanted to so bad but didn't want to seem like a pervert that just wanted to fuck Jessica's brains out. Honestly Maxine wasn't sure exactly what she wanted to do to this woman, but whatever it was she wanted to do it hard.
