 I saw her sitting in the mall. Cutest little blonde I'd ever seen. She sat there all alone lost in her thoughts. I wondered if she truly was alone or maybe waiting for someone, a boyfriend or a girlfriend.

As I got closer to her she crossed her legs and her little skirt hiked up pleasingly, revealing more of her long silky thighs for everyone's view. I noticed I wasn't the only one watching her either.

Taking a deep breath I crossed over to her and sat down at the table beside her and said, "Hi please don't think anything bad about this, but you're so gorgeous I just had to come over and say hello."

She looked at me and I could see she had been crying; her eyes were all red and puffy. She looked up at me and said, "Sorry what did you say?"

I spoke again, "I'm sorry if I'm bothering you but you're so pretty I just had to introduce myself."

"Thank you I'm Lea and you're not bothering me at all. I was just lost in my thoughts, my boyfriend and I just had a fight."

I told her my name was Cheryl and before I knew it we were talking like old friends, mostly about her fight with her boyfriend. She began to get upset again, and I found myself with my hand on hers, consoling her. We talked for quite a while and then we decided to go get a soda at one of the mall restaurants. 

Once there we sat down in the middle of the crowd talked some more. I began to ask her some personal questions. I found out she was 18 and I told her I was 22 and married. Apparently she lived with her boyfriend and had gone home to found him in bed with another girl. That is what the fight was all about. During their raging fight he told her the reason he was cheating on her was because she was no good in bed. That's when she left the apartment.

She asked me how a guy could tell if a girl was no good in bed?

I said, "Honey with your looks and personality, a good man would make you into a fantastic lover. I think the problem's him."

She smiled and began to laugh and happily continued to answer my questions. I asked her how many men she had been with? She looked down at the table embarrassed and said, "Only one."

I took a deep breath and asked her, "How many girls have you been with?"

She looked up at me startled, and quietly said, "None." She held my gaze and asked, "How many men have you been with?"

I laughed at her and said, "Well, enough men to know the difference between a good lover and one who is not."

She smiled at that comment and said, "But I thought you were married?"

"I am, we have what is called an open marriage." I told her.

She continued to hold my gaze, "And have YOU been with other women?"

I looked her right into her pretty eyes and said, "Oh yes, I have and there's something special about women who make love with other women. They become more intimate and sensitive to their partner's needs and I believe it makes them a better lover all around." Lea became quiet and for a moment I thought I'd blown it. Then she looked up at me and said, "Will you teach me to be a better lover?"

We both knew what she had just asked me and not wanting to sound too excited, I quietly said, "Yes, I was hoping I could help you uh, become a better lover." Lea laughed and so did I, and the tension was broken and we began to talk more like real friends that we were becoming.

I drove her to my house and we went inside; she was impressed with the house and furniture and when I showed her our bedroom with the walk in closets and all the clothes hanging in them, she began to ooh and ah over all my sexy clothes.

I showed her some outfits that I thought would look good on her and she loved them. Finally she said, "Ah, Cheryl, would it be ok if I had a shower, I could really could use a shower, may I?"

My heart was pounding in my chest as I showed her the bathroom and got some towels and then told her to help herself. I told her that I would be in the living room as I left the bath. I heard the water running as I watched TV. I couldn't really concentrate on anything and kept nervously switching channels until I heard her call out my name. I jumped up and shut off the TV and went to the bathroom. I saw her naked form behind the frosted glass doors of the shower and hollered over the water that I was there. Lea slid the door open a crack and looked at me with a cute smile on her lovely face, "Will you scrub my back?"

Not wanting to appear over anxious, I slowly stripped off my clothes and then my underwear, and joined her in the shower. When I stepped in her back was to me and I quickly soaped her skin with both hands. Then I moved up to her neck and down her back again and then I was rubbing soap onto the cheeks of her nice firm ass. I felt her shudder a little when I touched her bottom so I leaned close to her and whispered, "Don't be afraid, I won't bite, I promise." She turned to face me and since we both had wash clothes in our hands, we began to soap each other's breasts, giggling and playing like little girls.

But when the caresses became more sensual the giggling stopped. We looked each other meaningfully in the eyes and then taking the initiative I leaned down a bit and tried to kiss her and she didn't turn away. I planted soft kisses upon her lips and she kissed me back. She felt my mouth open a bit and she did the same and then we kissed with our lips parted, our tongues meeting, feeling each other's, pushing against one another. I sucked on her tongue and she on mine.

Finally I dropped my washcloth and pulled her naked wet body tight to me, our bodies meeting, pressing tightly together. It was heavenly. My hands went to her breasts, caressing and lightly squeezing and then one hand dropping down and caressing her nice firm ass. Then I pulled her closer still. Our legs parted and we intertwined with my thigh rubbing against her pelvic bone. She moaned softly and I moved my hand from her wonderful ass to cup her pussy. I could feel feeling the soft wet pubic hairs as I felt her fullness. She let out a small gasp at first contact.

We continued to kiss passionately and caress each other, when I let one of my fingers rub her clit and I felt it harden under my touch, I pushed a finger to enter her wet, hot, tight pussy. And she moaned pleasure again. Finally I said to her, let's get out and lay on the bed. I took her hand and led her out of the stall and we toweled each other off, I led her over the bed and gently lay her down. I looked into her beautiful eyes and said, "You're so lovely, like a virgin princess."

She responded in a barely audible voice, "This is my first time with a girl for real, are you sure you want a virgin?"

To answer her I climbed onto the bed beside her and placed one leg between hers and she opened to allow me access, then I kissed her, one lover to another. My hands followed the arc of her hips and up to her breasts and then to her neck as we kissed. Then my kisses left her lips and went to her throat and then to her ears and I kissed and nibbled my way down her neck to her shoulders, and then lower to her beautiful breasts.

I kissed around and down and all over her soft firm tits and then I began to suckle on her wonderfully hard nipples. I could feel her body press against my mouth in response and I could feel her nipples stiffening in my mouth and I sucked a bit harder. Lea moaned a little louder. I slowly left her tender breasts and began kissing and licking my way down farther, over her cute little navel, the sides of her waist, the sides of her perfect hips and then farther down I went.

My body was between her legs completely and she unashamedly spread her legs for me, wider and wider as I nestled between her tanned thighs. My tongue played over her soft pubic hair and I planted little kisses just above her clit. My lips found her perfect pink clit and I kissed and licked and I felt it harden just a bit more as Lea squirmed underneath me. When I finally concentrated on nothing but her clit, Lea's body gave a little jerk and her hips thrust forward against my mouth, her breathing became faster and shallower and her hands began playing with her tits, squeezing them tightly in uninhibited passion.

I spread her puffy little pussy-lips open to reveal her pinkness inside and I placed my tongue inside her tasting her exquisite juices now flowing freely. Her musky odor filled my senses. She tasted delicious and I sucked and kissed and licked to my hearts content. And Lea let me. God, she was beautiful, what an asshole her boyfriend must be I thought fleetingly.

Then Lea began to buck against my mouth and her hands intertwined in my hair as she pulled my face into her, saying, God, Cheryl, I'm going to cum." And almost as she said that she pulled my face tight against her pussy and bucked hard. I was amused at her new passion as she tried to jam my head into her pussy. I tasted her cum flowing with excited juices, coating my mouth and chin completely as she came.

Lea jerked against my roving mouth several more times and then she slumped back against the sheets and I could hear her panting breath. I continued to lick her juices, enjoying every drop.

Finally I looked up at her and said, "Jokingly, so did you enjoy that?"

She looked down at me with dreamy eyes and said, "Gawd Cheryl, that was the greatest feeling I've ever had."

I was a little puzzled and asked her, "Doesn't your boyfriend do this for you?"

Lea said, "No he thinks it's dirty to eat a girl."

"But you've sucked his cock before right?"

"Yes, all the time, but when he gets hard and puts it inside me for like a minute and then he comes and that's pretty much it."

I looked at her in amazement and asked, "That's it?

Lea said, "Well yeah."

I asked her if he made you cum at all? She looked back at me and said, "I've had orgasms with my fingers but never with him. You're the first person I've ever had an orgasm with."

I crawled up her perfect body and lay beside her, "You and I are going to have a lot of fun together, believe me!" We both giggled and hugged and lay in each other's arms. 

Then as if in a dream I heard Lea say, "I want to do you next time."

I lay there in ecstasy, next to my perfect lover and mumbled, "Ooh you shall and lots more too," and we hugged and kissed and squeezed each other tight. We both knew that we had found something special. I thank god I went to the mall that day.