 "Hi."

I rub my eyes. "Hi."

"How'd you sleep?"

"Good. You?"

"I always sleep better with company," she replies, running her fingers up my side. 

I shiver, draw myself closer against her. It is then that I feel her hardness against my ass. Her lips find the curve of my neck as she slowly begins to grind gently against me, her fingers still running slowly up and down my side, occasionally moving over to my breast and swirling around my nipple but never actually touching it. I moan, press harder against her in an attempt to get her finger to actually brush against my hard nipple. No such luck there but backing up does cause her cock to press harder against me. 

"I brought you some breakfast," she whispers into my ear. I tip my head and see her reach for something on the bedside table. I take this opportunity to roll over and straddle her middle, her cock coming to rest against my already wet pussy. 

The surprise in her eyes in quickly replaced by lust as her eyes bore into me. Her glance darts from my face and the smirk playing at my lips, to the curve of my hips and finally comes to a rest at my heaving chest. I lean down and capture her lips with mine. "So what's for breakfast?"

"I brought some berries." I follow her eyes to the table, where a plate of raspberries, blueberries and strawberries sits with a bowl of yogurt and another of granola. A small vase with a single daisy completes the tray. The sweetness of this gesture is almost enough to make me lose my concentration, but a gentle lift of her hips reminds me of the hard cock under me and the wetness dripping down my legs. I lean slowly over to the table, allowing one hard nipple to slide against her lips but I pull away before she manages to slip it into her mouth. I hear her let out a soft groan, her fingers digging into my hips. I select a particularly ripe strawberry and sit back up quickly. "Guess which kind," I whisper, bringing my fingers over her eyes to close them before I trace her lips with the bright red fruit. Gently, barely touching, I outline her top lip then back around to her bottom one. Her tongue curls out of her mouth, as her eyes open and meet mine. The heat of her gaze causes me to shiver yet again, which causes me to press down harder against her cock. She slowly licks all over the strawberry, her tongue brushing against the tips of my fingers. When she sinks her teeth into the berry, I feel a distinct ache in my cunt.

I bring the strawberry to my lips and slowly take a bite and her eyes never leave mine. She leans up and takes the rest of the berry into her mouth, along with the tip of my finger, which she licks and sucks before giving it a gentle nip and releasing it.

This situation which I carefully took control of is now well out of mine so when she raises her eyes to meet mine again and whispers, "I brought you something else for breakfast, too," as she thrusts her hips against me, I'm more than grateful to slide down to her cock and suck it into my mouth. 

This time I don't waste any time and am soon quickly bobbing up and down on her cock, my fingers weaving under her harness to thrust into her dripping pussy. She grabs me by the nape of the neck and drags me back up to her, her mouth meeting mine hungrily. Before I know what's happening, she's slid under me and is sliding her tongue along my pussy. 

I slide myself back down to her cock, licking and sucking as she slips her tongue in and out of my pussy. I slip her harness off to the side and as I stroke her cock, I stick out my tongue and flick it over her clit. She groans and wraps her arms even tighter around me, pulling my pussy deeper into her mouth. I slide my tongue over her clit and then down to her opening, which I also flick with my tongue. Her pussy is incredible, perfectly shaved and gleaming. I can't get enough and in no time I'm sucking her clit and moaning into her. My hand continues to stroke, which causes the harness and base of her dildo to rub against her pussy. I feel her hands slide down to my ass and then to my pussy. I thrust hard against her, feeling my first orgasm build. Then I feel one wet finger stroking up my crack and then swirling around my other hole. I groan and suck harder as she presses her finger into me. Her finger presses into me and I thrust deep against her mouth. Her finger wiggles around slowly and the harder I thrust back, the deeper she pushes it. I'm not sure if it's her finger in me or the desperate way I'm sucking her clit, but within no time I can tell that she's close. I want her to come first but with her finger in my ass and two others in my pussy and her tongue on my clit, I know I don't stand a chance. She slips a third finger into my pussy and then I'm done and am screaming as I come. Her orgasm causes her pussy to drip all over my face and I try desperately to lick up all her come. 

Suddenly, she has flipped me over and has gathered my legs up over her arms and I can feel her cock against my pussy. Without further warning she slides the full length into me. I scream as I reach up to grab her and draw her into me, using her mouth to muffle my cries. This doesn't last long and soon she has pulled back and is watching my face as she fucks me, her hands holding mine above my head. I am spread out and completely vulnerable and I can't remember the last time I was this turned on. Her face is inches from mine and eventually I close my eyes and am just concentrating on my pussy but I know that she is still watching me and this knowledge pushes me even closer to another orgasm. Soon I'm yelping and arching as she thrusts evenly into me.  

"I could watch you come all day."

I blush and look away. 

She slides her cock slowly out of me and begins to tease me with it, rubbing it against my clit, dipping no more than an inch into my pussy before pulling out, then sliding it back up to brush against my clit again. I'm moaning and squirming when she finally reaches down and begins to slowly rub my clit. I feel her hips roll forward and she lifts me up a little and then I feel her cock sliding down and coming to rest against my asshole. 

My eyes fly open to meet hers. Sure, I like a finger and the occasional butt plug but her cock? It's huge; I barely thought I would be able to take it in my pussy! She presses against me again, raises an eyebrow. My hesitancy is clear on my face and she leans in to whisper, "I promise to be real gentle, baby."

Her finger is still working on my clit and I'm having a hard time concentrating on anything other than that. "I know...I just...I've just never...You know."

"You've never been fucked up your ass?"

I shake my head. "Not with...You know...Only with a finger or a little plug."

She's grinning like a kid at Christmas. "Oh, baby, I promise, you'll love it." She presses harder.

"...Ok."

"You're sure?" Her face is suddenly serious and I love her for her concern, her eagerness to fuck me yet her chivalrous nature overriding her lust.

"Yes, I'm sure." I meet her gaze, try to tell her with my eyes how much her hesitance means to me. 

I think she understands because when she pulls back, she gives me that little smirk and kisses me on the tip of my nose. I feel her raise and hear her rustling in the drawer of the table by the bed.  I wonder what these drawers were designed to hold since everyone I know keeps her toys in them, but what about people who don't have any? What would you need a drawer by your bed for- My thoughts are cut short, though, by the head of her cock pressed against my ass.

She rubs lube around my opening and then dips one finger inside of me. I sigh, press against her finger. She smiles, then replaces her finger with her cock. Her other hand is busy with my pussy, one finger stroking my clit as her thumb circles the opening of my pussy.

Slowly she presses her cock into me. I can feel every inch, and while it's a strange feeling of pressure, for the most part, I'm just incredibly turned on. She is alternately kissing me, her tongue slowly fucking my mouth with long even strokes, and studying my face and a look of quiet determination is on hers. Her finger never stops rubbing my clit. Finally she leans down and presses her lips into mine. "Ok?"

I nod and I feel her press harder until she stops and I can feel the hard bone of her pelvis against me. Her moan and smile tell me that she's all the way in.

I sigh and relax, allowing myself to move cautiously against her. I feel incredibly full in a way I've never felt before. Her finger on my clit has my pussy dripping and soon I'm thrusting against her cock.

That's all it takes and she begins to slowly thrust into me. "Oh my god!" She grins and leans down to pull a nipple into her mouth. "Fuck!"

My nipple leaves her mouth with a little pop and she brings her face back up level with mine. "You like that, baby?"

I nod. "Ye...Yesss," I manage to hiss. "I...I like...I like it." I've always had a hard time forming sentences when I'm getting fucked, but this brings my difficulty to a new level. I'm not even sure I'd know my name if she were to ask it right now.

"Oh god," she moans. "You don't know how bad I've wanted to get into your ass."

I blush. "Oh...Yeah?"

"Oh fuck yeah...I'd come into the stand every week and you'd just be standing there, all cute in your little skirts. It'd be all I could do not come over and fuck you right then. But when you'd be leaning over, oh god..." She shakes her head. "You have no idea what you'd do to me."

"Is that...So?"

She growls into my lips. "Baby, this one week, you were leaning over getting bags of turnips from under the counter and I made you get me one even though I didn't even want them. I just had to see that ass bent over again."

I gasp, part from her little confession and part from the pressure growing in my pussy. "I remember that!"

"I don't even like turnips," she whispers. 

I can't help but smile. "You weren't the only...The only one staring...I didn't think you were...Inter...Interested..."

She shakes her head. "I was more than interested." 

In a few minutes, I'm gasping and thrusting hard against her. I can't believe how quickly she has me wanting to come, how much I love having her cock up my ass. I love everything she does to me; from the way her lips brush against my neck to the way she studies my face for any signs of discomfort or unhappiness. I want to do something for her, something that she'll like as much as I love everything she's been doing to me.

I reach up and pull her close to me, which causes her cock to tip at a new angle, which almost has me forgetting all about doing something nice for her. I take a deep breath and force myself to not pay attention to how amazing everything she's doing feels. I slide my lips up to her ear. "So you like my ass, huh?"

She groans. "Baby, I love your ass."

"You like fucking me there?"

Another groan. "The only thing I love more than your ass is fucking it."

I sigh. I love how much she loves fucking me. Her thrusts are getting quicker, which is making it harder and harder for me to stay focused so I know I need to talk fast. "I thought you said you like it best when I'm bent over."

I turn my head so I can see her reaction. I can tell she's not sure exactly where I'm going with this but she's trying to figure it out. "I like your ass any way," she says finally, "but yeah, bent over is my favorite."

My lips meet her and I whisper, "So, should I turn over?"

It takes a second for my words to register, but when they do, her lips meet mine hungrily. When we finally part, her eyes are sparkling. "Yeah?"

I bite my lower lip. "Yeah."

She moans and slowly pulls her cock out of me. She pulls me up so I'm sitting, our tongues battling for control of this kiss. I reach up, grab the hair at the top of her neck and give it a slow, even pull. When I finally pull away her eyes are practically glowing. She stands up and helps me to my feet. Her lips slide down my neck as her fingers again expertly play with my nipples. Slowly she turns me around, her lips never leaving my neck. Except now they are on the back of it and she is kissing and licking and I have always loved having the back of my neck kissed. She almost has me forgetting why I'm standing up in the first place. 

Slowly I pull away and place my hands on the bed. I pull myself up on it, making sure to arch my back. I take my time crawling up to the middle then throw a glance over my shoulder. Her eyes are practically burning a hole into me. I get settled on my hands and knees, my movements in slow motion. When I'm finally done, I arch my back a final time before slowly rolling my hips and then I turn my head and meet her gaze. I have to look at her for a minute before her eyes leave my ass and I give her a playful wink. 

Apparently that's all she can take because before I even turn back around, she descends on me, focusing most of her attention on my ass. Her hands are all over it, squeezing and grabbing, sliding a finger up and down my ass crack while sticking her thumb into my pussy. I gasp.

"Someone's pussy is really wet," she hisses into my ear. "Guess whose."

"Yours?"

"I think someone else's might be wetter. Did you like giving me that little show?"

Once it's all out there in the open like that, talking about it, I get a little shy. "Maybe."

"Just maybe?" She stops squeezing my ass with her other hand to reach up and grab my hand, which she leads down to my thigh. "I think more than maybe." Her fingers wrap around mine and she leads them up to brush against my pussy, which is soaking wet. "Even the tops of your legs are all wet, baby."

I blush at this observation. I've always loved showing off to a good audience. She releases my hand and swirls her finger around my clit. I hear her fiddling with the lube and soon I feel her cock resting under my ass. Her hands start to spread me open and I reflexively pull away. I feel so vulnerable this way, which is not to say that I don't love it. I feel her thumb rest against my opening. "You sure this is ok?"

I turn to meet her concerned gaze. "I'm sure," but it comes out more as a gasp than a real answer. Her thumb presses gently. 

"I'll be real careful, baby."

"I know." I wiggle my ass at her. "Now give me that cock."

She grins then presses her thumb slowly into me. I moan and press down against her. I feel my pussy tighten. Slowly she pulls her thumb out and I feel her fingers in its place. She slips these in a little quicker, which is good because I'm so turned on, I'm about to start begging. "Fuck," she moans into my ear. "You're so tight, baby."

I groan, my back acting as though it has a mind of its own and arching more than it ever has before, causing her fingers to slip even deeper into my ass. "Ok, ok..." she says, that smirk evident in her voice. She pulls out her fingers and I feel her replace it with her cock. She spreads my cheeks and slowly starts pushing.

I glance over my shoulder. She's biting her bottom lip, her eyes locked on her cock sliding into my asshole. I wiggle against her. "You like that?"

She glances up to meet my gaze. "You have no fucking idea."

I smile, turn back around and wiggle my ass against her cock. I hear her breath in sharply. "Jesus." I feel her fingers dig deeper into my hips. Finally I feel her bottom out and now she can lean down and bite my earlobe, which she does gently. "God, baby, your ass is perfect."

I sigh. This is even better than I thought it was going to be. The new angle is really hot and her breath against my neck is really turning me on. Her pace picks up and I can hear her moans getting louder as one hand slides over my stomach and down to my clit. Her finger picks up that now familiar pace as her other hand kneads and gently slaps my ass. I groan involuntarily.

"Oh, does someone like that?" Her next smack is a little bit harder.

"Oh god," I hiss.

Her next slap is a little rougher and the next one is pretty hard. I moan and press down harder against the hand that's rubbing my clit. 

"It seems that someone's a naughty girl who likes to get spanked," she whispers into my ear.

"Mmm," I manage to get out.

Her thrusts are getting faster as her hand comes down harder and harder on my ass. Then she pulls out until just the head of her cock is in my ass and the spanking stops as well. I whimper as her hands force my hips to stop moving and I stop thrusting against her. All of a sudden, she shoves all the way back in, causing me to gasp a deep breath, making me realize that I'd been holding my breath up until that moment. She continues fucking me but I need a little more; I need her to touch my clit again. Finally, I can't take it anymore and reach up to rub my clit myself.

Her hand comes down on my ass with a resounding smack. "Naughty girl! What do you think you're doing?" She pushes my hand away from my clit. "Who said you could do that?"

"I...I can't help it," I whisper. Her fingertip grazes my clit sending shivers down my spine. I curve my back, trying to get more contact between her finger and my clit but she's not having it. The more I try to get her to press harder, the lighter her touches become. "Please...Please...."

"Well, since you asked so nicely." She nips on my ear as she brings her finger firmly to my clit. She makes slow circles as a sigh. Soon she finds the perfect rhythm between her finger and her cock and I know I'm just about screaming, but I can't help it. I've never been fucked so deeply. I've always known that I liked having my ass played with but I never thought I'd love being fucked there so much. The amazing feeling of being stretched and fucked in addition to Trey's hot breath on my ear and her hands digging into my hips soon has me pressing my face into the pillow, trying to keep the volume down, at least a little. I bring my teeth down onto the fabric only to have the pillow ripped out from under me. I gasp in surprise as Trey throws it to the floor. "Fuck that. You like being fucked, baby?"

I nod my agreement.

"Then I want to hear all about it." She nips at my ear. "You like my cock in your ass?" 

"...Yes..."

Her next thrust is deep and hard and she pauses, the entire length of her cock in me. I hold my breath, awaiting her next thrust but it doesn't come. Her finger also slows on my clit. Slowly she straightens up and brings me with her. I wrap my arms around her neck for balance. Then very slowly she begins rubbing my clit. I'm starting to feel crazy; all I want is for her to fuck me. "Please, baby...Please, I'll do anything, just fuck me..." My breathing has become slow and hesitant and then suddenly, she throws me down to my stomach and then she pulls all the way out of my ass and then slams it back in. I scream. 

And with that I feel my orgasm rush to a start. I can feel my pussy tightening and then I feel that strange feeling again. I bear down like she told me to before and feel the hot liquid pouring out of me.

"Oh shit!" She grabs my hips and thrusts deep into my ass. "Fuck!" Her thrusts become faster as she grabs a handful of my hair. 

Finally she collapses on top of me, both of us panting and exhausted.