 Chapter 01: The Wax

"That's it, no more databases or numbers for two days!"

I finally managed to take some time away from work or I was going to go nuts. After my client had reaped the benefits of the last rise in the market, thanks to me, he'd given me a handsome commission and my boss reluctantly agreed to let me off the hook for a couple of days.

First things first; I shut down my PDA and went to a bar. Met a handsome young thing, who wanted to buy me a drink, and let him eat me out in the ladies'. Following a small orgasm, I left him there and let him keep my panties. At home, I took a cold shower, slipped into my black silk nightgown and threw myself onto the white linen amidst the heavy mahogany queen sized bed. For the first time in months, I slept a solid 7 hours.

When I woke up, I went and stood in front of the dressing mirror (with mahogany frame again, yes), naked. I didn't exactly like what I saw, so I called the spa and made a 2-day reservation starting the next day. Then I took another careful look at my body, evaluating what needed to be done. Surprisingly, I had found time to visit my hairdresser during the last account I had, so my hair looked perfect with its natural dark red waves. My bikini line was something else; I had somehow agreed to a landing strip, which really looked tasteless when I looked at it again. So I threw on a pair of dark skinny jeans with a shirt and headed straight to my beauty salon.

Lucky me, my waxer Beatrice had taken the day off! So I was sent to some girl named Anna instead. It's not a take-off-your-panties-in-front-of-a-stranger trip; I'm not shy! What I'd like is just a little consistency in expertise, but I had no choice and I went in to meet Anna. Now she was definitely something else.

Her skin was very pale, even paler than mine, but her hair was a defiant natural dark brown, cropped short with longish bangs.

"Welcome, I'm Anna, what can I do for you today?" she said with the slightest accent I just couldn't place. 

"The bikini area needs to be cleaned up. Let's do a Brazilian" I said, pulling down my jeans. 

I spread my legs on the table and I could almost feel her checking me out. It only lasted a second before she assumed a more professional attitude. Upon seeing my landing strip, Anna asked me whether I was sure I wanted it waxed off. "Yea, I decided I didn't like it, besides I have a cute little mole underneath." I said. 

Shrugging her shoulders, she prepared a little strip of wax and cleaned the area in a few moves. Then I turned around for her to get the back, as well. In a matter of short minutes, I was clean and presentable.

When she leaned forward to pluck the one or two odd hairs, I felt her breath on my exposed clit. Then she touched my mole as if to make sure it was real. Her cold finger against my newly waxed, burning skin was such a sensation that I gasped. Her brown eyes met mine; she questioningly moved her finger on my crotch and brushed against my clit. I bit my lip with anticipation, which gave Anna the green light.

Keeping her thumb very close to my clit, she rotated her hand. Her middle finger slid ever so slowly into me and my pussy showed no resistance to her entry. When she curled her finger inside me, her thumb brushed my clit by reflex. I could feel getting instantly wet. Involving her other hand as well, she started to play me like an instrument, tuning my senses to high frequency. 

Quite suddenly, she leaned in even closer and her nose brushed against my clit, right before her lips caught it, making slurping sounds whilst sucking my clit. All my body awakened at once and my hips rose to get closer to her tongue. I put my hands on her head and pulled her slightly closer. She closed her lips in protest and started humming against my clit. The vibrations were so unexpected, yet so stimulating, that my juices started leaking; I could feel them pouring out of me and felt the dire need to be filled!

I released her head. She knew I hadn't come and threw me a questioning look. Smiling coyly, I said "Fingerfuck me!" 

She sat up straight and drew herself farther from me, barely within the reach of her hand. Her index finger slowly approached and spread my leaking juices all over my lips. Then it threatened to enter me; I felt it penetrate me and go in a few inches. With a cold look in her eyes, she asked me if I liked it; no I didn't. So she started moving her finger in and out of me. Now I was definitely getting the stimulation I needed and smiled at her. With a stern look, she twisted her hands and with her thumb pressed hard against my swollen clit. That gave me a twitch.

Everything felt so much more intense with the newly waxed skin, which I expressed audibly. Anna didn't seem surprised by this remark of mine, but then again, it was hard to catch the flicker of passion in her brown eyes. Hers was a calculated domination, more than a lustful seduction. I couldn't even raise an eyebrow against the wax she then started dripping on my body with her free hand. After the pleasure I was getting from her, I was in no shape to oppose her; acknowledging my mistress, I behaved.. The drops burned me and the instant cooling sent little messages of pleasure to my brain. I was getting wetter; her index and middle finger slid in and out of me, her thumb still on my exposed clit.

The wax drops came up my legs, a few landed on my pelvis and followed the trail to my navel. Each drop was hotter than the one before and closer to my pussy. I could only lie with anticipation as she coordinated the fingerfuck with the wax droplets. The first hot drop that landed on the waxed area was definitely something else. I gasped and Anna used the moment to slide another finger in me and fill me entirely. As the wax drops came closer to my clit, she increased her pace, pushing me towards an unbelievable high. I was moaning and begging her not to stop. She dipped the last couple of drops onto my clit and I started climaxing, hard! With the hand that poured the wax, she flicked my clit, not ceasing to fuck me with her other hand. I lost control of my body at that point. My muscles convulsed, my pussy clamping around her fingers, I came and came...

I came to after a few minutes. Anna was still as composed as she was half an hour ago. Getting the lotion from the shelf, she cleaned the wax from my body. I hesitated before I put my thongs back on, my clit still burned -- not from the wax, but from the orgasm. But I was far more than pleased with the results. Needless to say, I gave Anna a reasonable sum of money before I left the waxing room.