 Katherine got out of her car in the health club parking lot on a bright sunny Friday morning with a smile on her face, thinking about seeing Rita, the red-headed health club owner. As she kissed her husband good-bye earlier that morning, her only thoughts were of seeing Rita, wondering if the signs Rita had been giving her were real. She couldn't shake the thought of the lovely vixen from her mind especially after she had pleasured her own body two nights earlier under a full moon on the back deck of her house. She could still feel the tingling in her body as she thought about the taller woman kissing and touching her all over her body.

Katherine walked with a bounce in her step through the double glass doors of the health club anticipating seeing Rita. She saw Rita sitting behind the receptionist's desk and her knees felt a little weak as she crossed the entry. As Katherine approached the receptionist's desk, she felt a surge of desire and a knot in her stomach for this lovely woman. She watched Rita, with her head down taking care of care of some paperwork hoping, wishing she had the nerve to tell her how she really felt about her. When Rita looked up and gave her a soft seductive smile from behind the counter, Katherine thought she would melt on the spot. Katherine felt another surge of passion between her thighs when she looked over the countertop to see Rita wearing the tight fitting black spandex outfit that held her breasts against the thin material. The thought of her near naked body brought back vivid images of herself sitting in the lounge recliner two nights ago pleasuring her own clit until she exploded in orgasmic bliss.


Rita looked at Katherine standing in front of the counter and wondered if her little story the other day at lunch had any affect on her. She had felt Katherine's hand stiffen in hers as she recounted her story about seeing Laura and Joan in the shower kissing and touching each other. But while she seemed surprised at the story, the look on Katherine's face betrayed her interest in the sexual adventure of the two women. Rita had purposefully left out the part of the story where she joined the other two women because she was not sure how Katherine would react.

"You seem to be in a good mood this morning" Rita said, smiling as she looked at Katherine in her tight yellow exercise outfit.

"It's a beautiful morning" Katherine responded as thoughts of Rita's nude body swam through her head.

"Laura, Joan, and the rest of the class are already here" Rita commented, waiting to see if the mention of the two women had any affect on her.

"Oh are they? I didn't know I was running so late. I'd better get in there and get ready for another one of your strenuous workouts."

"I think today will particularly exhausting since we are closing at noon for the holiday weekend" she replied hoping Katherine heard the extra emphasis on the word exhausting. If she played her cards right, Rita felt that today would be both physically and sexually exhausting for the two of them. 

As Katherine entered the hallway leading to the gym, she thought about all the time the two of them had spent talking since her and Rick had been coming to the health club. She often wondered about Rita's social life since she always seemed to be at the club day and night. Rita had told her once that she was divorced for about three years and now she spent a great deal of time running the club and giving personal training to club members.

Katherine had once overheard two women in the locker room saying that Rita had hit on one of the women in their class. While the details of Rita's conquests were sketchy at best, Katherine found herself aroused, thinking about the redhead and wondering what she had on her mind at lunch two days ago when she seemed to make a pass at her. After overhearing the two women, she began to watch Rita when she'd lead them for exercises. And recently, Rita seemed to be taking more than a passing interest in her personal training. Rita seemed to touch her more during each session as she helped her use the exercise equipment. Katherine also found herself staring at Rita’s tight sexy spandex outfits that showed off her ample breasts and puffy womanhood. She wondered sometimes what it would feel like to touch her well toned body. There was also the time she saw Rita naked in the shower and as she walked into the gym she felt her face flush with the memory of her standing, toweling off and looking at her as if to silently invite her to look as long as she liked.

She saw Laura and Joan standing with the group of eight other women who regularly came together three mornings a week to exercise. Rita would lead them through a series of warm-ups and then aerobic exercises that usually left them huffing and puffing. Katherine looked at the Laura and Joan differently today after Rita had told her about their get together in the shower. She noticed they seemed to look for each other to see where the other one was at when they were talking to someone else. A couple of times they both seemed to look at Katherine as she chatted with a group, making Katherine wonder if they knew Rita had told her about them. She dismissed it as an overactive imagination as Rita came bouncing into the gym, telling them it was time to start.


She had the women do their warm-up exercises and when it came to stretch the inside thigh muscles, she had them sit on the floor with the soles of their feet together. Katherine swore that Rita purposely decided to sit directly in front of her. As she stretched her inner thighs by pushing on each knee, her attention was drawn to her curvaceous body and to a point between Rita's thighs where she could see her puffy labia pushing against the tight material. She felt a twinge of lust in her pussy as she watched Rita's legs open slightly with each push on her knees as if to invite her to touch her womanhood. The perspiration on her forehead turned to a crimson blush when she looked up into Rita's face to see her staring at her with a wicked smile on her lips and her penetrating green eyes.

Katherine struggled through the rest of the exercise class trying to steal glances at Rita whenever she could but not trying to look too obvious. She watched Joan's breasts jump up and down during the stationary running in-place drill and wondered if her friend Laura was watching the short woman with large breasts. Trying to find her, Katherine spotted Laura on her right side staring unabashedly at Joan's bouncing breasts. When she looked straight ahead, her eyes met Rita’s; again feeling them bore a hole through her. She started to become a little uncomfortable as Rita's eyes always seemed to be on her. At last the class ended and Rita wished everyone a wonderful weekend. She approached Katherine carrying a towel, wiping the dripping perspiration off her forehead.

"Are you ready for your personal strength training?" 

"Ahhhh, yes. Yes I think I am" Katherine stammered, wondering if Rita thought she was a blithering idiot.

Rita decided that Katherine needed to work out on the free weights today. She told her that her muscles would get more of a workout and she would have the rest of the holiday weekend to relax and recover. Rita guided her through a series of exercises designed not to build the bulky muscle mass of a body builder but rather tone her body. As Rita watched her go through the routines, she had the overwhelming desire to jump on her body and make mad passionate love to her. Somehow she found the will power and fought off the urge to rape this delectable woman in front of her. She kept reminding herself that if everything went as planned, she would have her before the day's end. When Katherine lay on the bench pushing the barbell up towards Rita, who was spotting her, she looked down at the apex of Katherine's thighs wondering what it would feel like to kiss and lick her womanhood. She felt herself getting wet between her thighs as she envisioned licking Katherine's clit until she screamed while having a shattering orgasm. 

Katherine couldn't help but notice that Rita stood a bit closer to her head as she spotted her. Looking up with each repetition, she noticed Rita's legs slightly open and her puffy labia not more than twelve inches from her lips stretching the fabric of her outfit and seemingly inviting her to taste her womanhood. As she pushed the bar upward, she wished Rita would squat over her face, allowing her to taste her sweet nectar. She struggled with each lift as the erotic thought of tasting Rita's pussy swam in her head. She felt a little disappointed when Rita grabbed the barbell, directing it to the hooks above her head, telling her that she was finished for the day. She wished she had the courage to just pull her body down on top of her and languish in the scent of this exotic woman.

The two women sat on the bench resting when Rita asked. "Excuse me Katherine, but you seem to have a lot of energy today?"

Katherine smiled and laughed nervously as she replied, "Ahhhh, yes I do seem to have a lot more energy than usual" instantly thinking of how she had pleasured herself two nights ago dreaming of this beautiful woman. 

"Did you and Rick have a good time last night?" Rita questioned, fishing for some information and thinking about Katherine's rugged looking husband.

"I ahhhh, well ... ahhhh ... well. As a matter of fact we had a very good time together" she said rather sheepishly, knowing that the cat was out of the bag so to speak. Katherine felt her face flush again and felt a bit uncomfortable talking this way to this strikingly beautiful woman.

"That's good that you can keep him happy" Rita said remembering her own failed marriage. She always blamed herself for not keeping him happy but she reminded herself that it was he who strayed to another lover, not her. She now felt content to run the business and occasionally date men and women. She knew the talk about her hitting on other women in the club was spreading but she had always been discreet in choosing her lovers. So far not one of her former lovers had disclosed any information which might damage her reputation as a good businesswoman.

"Well he has a birthday coming up next week and he has asked for the same thing again this year" she heard herself say then wondering what the hell she was doing, telling this to Rita. She always found herself telling Rita things that she later thought she probably shouldn't have told her.

"Oh and what does your hunk of a husband want that he has to ask for it every year. Sounds like something very expensive" she said, relishing in getting information from this very good looking creature. Rita eyed Katherine's body and again wondered as she had in the past, what it would be like to hold her sleek body in her arms, kissing her tenderly, and touching her soft skin.

"Well ... ahhhhh ... I ... ahhhhh" she stammered. "I really feel uncomfortable telling you. You'll think he's perverse."

"Come on Katherine you can tell me. Besides haven't we known each other for nine months and talked about a lot of different things?"

"Yea but this is different" she said hesitatingly.

"I think I’ve heard a lot of different things over the years that people thought were perverse but they turned out not to be that bad."

Katherine thought for a moment wondering what her friend would think of her. "He wants to make love to another woman and me at the same time" she blurted out, feeling a sense of relief and doom at the same time.

"Ohhhhhhhh the typical man fantasy" Rita laughed, as she looked into Katherine's questioning eyes. "Don't worry about it Katherine. It's normal for men to always want to fantasize about taking care of two women at once. They never seem to be satisfied with only one woman. It's a man thing honey." 

Rita sensed Katherine's relief that she had finally told someone about this little issue that bugged her every year at his birthday. She pictured Rick's rugged features lying before them waiting for the two of them to fuck his brains out. Rita had fantasized about him in the past when he would come in for his regular workout but she really had her sights set on Katherine. He usually worked out on the nautilus machines before running on the in-door track. Sometimes she would picture him sitting on one of the workout benches as she slowly sank down on his hardness, fucking her until they both climaxed. 

"You don't think it's perverse?" Katherine asked nervously, waking Rita from her daydream.

"What do you think about it?" Rita asked plying her friend for more information.

"I don't know. I think it might be fun if the right person came along" knowing in her heart that she wanted Rita to be that person.

"Hmmmm sounds like you might have some experience with other women" she said, hoping Katherine would tell her yes.

"Wellll. In college I had a room mate and some things happened between us" Katherine half whispered as her voice trailed off and the vivid picture of Amy licking her aching pussy filled her brain. She again wondered why she was so open to this woman.

"Why don't we go get our showers and then maybe we can talk some more over lunch?"

Katherine breathed a sigh of relief at the idea of changing the subject. "I think that would be a great idea."

As they headed to the shower room, Rita knew that she would find out just how receptive Katherine was to her husband's idea. She felt herself getting damp at the thought of holding Katherine in her arms and shivered at the thought of having both her and Rick to make love too. At the locker room door, Rita told Katherine she had to take care of some last minute business and that she should take her time in the hot shower.

Katherine stood in the private shower stall under a hot stream of water thinking of her conversation with Rita. She was glad the health club had these individual stalls that allowed her the privacy of being naked without the prying eyes of other women. She lathered her breasts and stomach with soap, feeling the familiar tingling sensations of lust between her thighs. As her hands roamed over her taut nipples, she imagined they were Rita's hands lightly touching them. Tweaking them between her fingers brought a low moan from deep within her. She didn't realize how excited she had become from her conversation with the gorgeous woman. "How would it feel to have Rita's hands on my body slowly stroking my nipples? And what about asking Rita to help her surprise Rick?" she wondered as her hands continued to excite her body.

Picking up the bar of soap again, she began lathering the neatly trimmed triangle of hair between her thighs. Her body stiffened when her soapy fingers pressed against her outer lips and then lightly touched the swollen clit hidden inside. She gasped as her slippery fingertips rubbed the sensitive nub, picturing Rita's long nibble fingers on her body instead of her own. With her eyes closed, she enjoyed the sweet feelings in her body as the heat grew deep within her body.

Rita knew it was now or never as she stood outside the drawn curtain of Katherine's shower stall. She felt sure that Katherine wouldn't rebuff her advances. She said good-bye to Laura and Joan, watching as they walked outside arm in arm laughing and looking back at Rita's smiling face. Rita knew that maybe someday they would all get together but today she wanted Katherine all to herself. Entering the locker room, she stripped off her spandex outfit and headed to Katherine's shower stall. Her hands trembled as she pulled the curtain back just enough to slide into the small shower area. She saw Katherine's back facing her and smiled as she moved to press her body against this delectable woman. 

Katherine's body stiffened as if a bolt of electricity shot through her body. One minute she was fantasizing about another woman and now she felt another body press against her back. Turning quickly and with a bit of fear she came face to face with Rita. Her eyes took in the nakedness of this other woman and she relaxed a little seeing the familiar face.

"What are you doing? What if someone walks in here and sees you and me together?" she asked with some concern in her voice as she tried to cover her own nakedness with her arms.

"Probably something I should have done a long time ago" she said thinking of all the times she watched Katherine exercising as she fantasized about making love to her. "And as for anybody finding us together, don't worry we're perfectly safe."

Katherine looked into her face and knew that she had done this before. She watched quietly as Rita's face came close to hers, her tongue licking at her lips as she turned her head slightly to kiss her. The kiss was soft, their lips barely making contact as their tongues touched lightly. Their bodies touched for the first time, hard nipples touching hard nipples. Katherine felt Rita's hands on her hips and then on her back, pulling her closer against her soft skin. Her own arms encircled Rita's neck, her hands on the back of her head, pulling her lips harder against her own waiting lips, kissing her passionately.

The two women stood under the warm flow of water cascading over their heated skins, kissing and holding each other tight as their hands explored each other. Their tongues took turns dancing inside each other's mouths, searching and attacking the other, then sucking vicariously as the other's tongue searched their mouth.

Rita smiled to herself, knowing that she had timed her attack for the right time. She had long wanted to touch this woman and now she relished the feeling of her body pressing against her own. She moaned softly into Katherine's mouth when she felt Katherine's hand slide between their bodies to softly massage her aching breast. Her legs felt weak as her fingers found her hard nipples, tweaking them and then twisting them slightly. The feeling of hot desire coursed through her body, making her press harder against her hand and body. Rita's hand slide along Katherine's slim waist, over her hips, moving downward until she found the small wet tuff of hair covering Katherine's womanhood.

Katherine's body stiffened as it had before when she had touched herself but now there were a different set of fingers lightly stoking her outer lips. Her moan was stifled by Rita's lips pressing harder against hers. She twisted Rita's nipple harder as Rita's fingers slid between her lips and found her engorged clit. Her hips thrust against the invading fingers, inviting them to stoke the fire within her until her body was totally consumed with lust.

Rita tried to concentrate on bringing pleasure to this desirable woman but found it hard as Katherine played with one nipple, teasing it unmercifully and then attacking the other, giving it the same treatment. She rubbed her fingers in circles around the hard nub, only touching it lightly every so often. Each time she ran her finger over the sensitive jewel, she felt Katherine's body stiffen and her arm tighten around her neck. Moving her fingers downward along the slippery trail, she stopped momentarily when she came to the entrance to her hot furnace. When her fingers slid into the hot tunnel, Rita heard Katherine's lustful cry as her body stiffened to accept her fingers. Her own body was on fire as she pushed back against Katherine's trembling body, moaning softly into her mouth.

Katherine felt the desire in her body soar as Rita's fingers delved into her slippery pussy. She fell against the side of the shower stall, gasping for breath as Rita's fingers worked their magic inside her. Her body responded to each thrust, pushing against her long fingers as if they were a cock sliding in and out of her love box. She felt Rita's lips move from her lips to the tender skin of her slender neck, moving up and down, kissing ... licking ... sucking. She closed her eyes, pressing her body harder against the side of the stall, feeling the sweet sensations grow stronger as this woman played her body like a fine musical instrument. When she felt Rita's lips move onto her shoulder and then downward, she waited with lustful anticipation for her lips to suck on her nipples. Groaning louder than what she probably should have, Katherine's hands grabbed Rita's soaking wet hair and pulled her lips hard against extended and sensitive nipples.
