 I stopped licking her pussy and stared at her for a few moments. Lynn was motionless, but breathing hard.

"Is there something wrong?" I inquired suspiciously. 

"That was one of the best orgasms I have had in a long time. My husband doesn't even do me like that anymore," Lynn said, gasping for breath. 

"Well, I am glad that I could help out, " I said, sliding a finger in her slippery slit.

"Mmmm," she moaned, rubbing her swollen tits. "Do that again."

"Later," I said. "I have more tricks up my sleeve."

"Like what?" she asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Assume the doggy position, and you'll soon see what I mean."

She assumed the position quickly, eager to see what I was to do.

"Okay, now what?"

"Shhh...you'll see."

Looking around, I spotted a tub of Vaseline on her nightstand. I retrieved the jar and scooped up a little on my finger. 

"What are you doing?" Lynn asked, almost whining.

I didn't answer. I replied with my middle finger gently massaging her asshole. Her wetness and the Vaseline were a perfect mixture. The Vaseline providing just enough lubrication so her hole was creamy, not sloppy.

"Oooohhhh...mmmm...hmmmm...yessss.," Lynn moaned, in delight.

"You like that?" I whispered, almost inaudibly.

"Mmm..hmmm.."

I gently smacked her asscheeks, as I applied more pressure to her anus. My fingers circled her anus with gentle pressure. Lynn began to rock back and forth as I spanked her. She moaned and buried her head into the pillow to muffle her sounds of passion.

Just when I sensed Lynn was about to explode, I slipped my finger in.

"Ahhhhh...mmmmm," she moaned.

"Yes, baby. I knew you'd like that." She replied by spreading her ass even wider, so I had even easier access to her pretty pink puckered hole.

I fingered her hole furiously, pumping in and out, almost to a rhythm. I alternated between one and two fingers, and sometimes substituting the middle for the index and vice versa. Lynn loved every minute of it. Within minutes cum was squirting from her cunthole, and she let out a sigh of relief.

"Damn, I ain't never had no shit like that before. Whew!" she sighed.

"I'm still not done yet. Trust me, we have a lot more areas to cover."

"Oh, really?"

"Really. I have a few more tricks yet to be unveiled."

"So what is it now? Pussy-eating? Sixty-nine?"

"Nope."

"What?"

"You'll see...assume the position, my sweet."

"This better be good," Lynn said, smiling.

"It will be. Now spread those cheeks again for me,baby."

"Like this?"

"Perfect. Sit back and enjoy the ride."

I resumed my anal massage, which I received moans in response. Just when she had gotten used to that feeling, I gave her another one. I let my tongue hit her hole and gently massage it.

"Ooohhh," Lynn tried to run away from me, but I locked my arms around her thighs where she couldn't move an inch. She would be forced to take this asslicking.

"Aaaaahhhhhh...yeah....yes! YES! YES! YES!" she screamed.

I licked harder and faster. I could tell she was on her way to another heartstopping orgasm as I felt her legs tense up. She let out a low wail and I stopped, satisfied. She rolled over onto her back, staring at the ceiling. Lynn didn't say anything for a long time.

"Are you okay, Lynn?" I asked, getting worried. I hope that I hadn't caused her to have a heart attack or caused her to go into premature labor.

"I'm fine. I'm catching my breath."

"Okay, well while you do that, I'll get something to drink."

"Bring me back some juice."

I trotted into the kitchen and retrieved two Kern's pure nectar juices. I had swallowed mine down before I made it back to the bedroom.

Lynn took small, methodical gulps. Even as pregnant as she was, she was still gorgeous. I stared at her for thr first time since this morning. She had beautiful hazel eyes, full bee-stung lips, narrow nose, full, round breasts, long legs, and a firm ass. On a scale of a 1 to 10, she was an easy 9. I could see why she was married. She was every man's and woman's dream.

"Where did you learn to do that?" Lynn asked.

"What?" I asked, innocently.

"You know the 'ass trick'. The fingering and licking thingie. That was hella cool. I might have to tell my hubby about that one."

"I watched a lot of pornos in my spare time. Plus, my friend was tellimg me that he used to get his salad tossed all the time."

"Salad tossed?" she asked, incredulously.

I grinned, sheepishly. "Getting your salad tossed is when you get your asshole ate out. Licked, and all that."

"That's a new one on me."

"I just got hip to that one my damn self."

She slurped down the rest of her juice and tossed the can to the side of the bed. She positioned herself on the bed, and gave me her come-hither look.

"Me?" I asked, smirking.

She just nodded and smiled.

"Lie on your back and pull your legs behind your head."

I could only imagine what she was going to do.

She gently patted my warm, wet snatch. 

"Nice kitty," she purred.

She pulled my fat labial lips apart and just stared at my twat, unsure of what she wanted to do next. My snatch was staring her in the face, as she gently circled my cuntal opening with her finger.

"You smell nice," she said, getting even closer to my furburger. I could feel the warmth of her breath against me.

I didn't say anything. I was lying very still, anxious with desire. She was still circling my hole, making me sloppy wet with anticipation.

Lynn then quickly buried her tongue within my gash. Her hot tongue raced to find my G-spot. She sucked and pulled at my inner labia. She fingered my cum drenched hole and nibbled lightly at my clit.

I was delirious with desire. I arched my hips as she sucked harder.

"You taste sooo good...like fresh strawberries. I love the way your pussy tastes."

My replies were mere moans.

"You like that?" she asked, plunging her two middle fingers inside me.

"Finger my twat," I yelled, rubbing my clit.

"I didn't hear yoooouuu."

"Finger ME," I said, almost crying in ecstasy.

"Louder, please," Lynn demanded. She was teasing the hell out of me and I couldn't stand it.

"FINGER FUCK MY PUSSY, DAMMIT," I yelled.

"Ooohh, Mimi. I love it when you talk nasty," she purred. She slid in three fingers and began to pump them in and out of me. She was a master at finger-fucking and she knew it.

"Oh, shit. Here she comes," I warned.

"Come for me baby. Let me taste your nectar."

She leaned in closer, face covered by my snatch. She licked up every drop of cum that was in me. She even licked her hands clean.

"Finger licking good," Lynn said, smirking. 

To Be Continued...