 Vanessa

After her one night stand in Sydney, Petra is determined to put it all behind her but when Vanessa makes a play for her, she finds herself falling once again. In this final chapter we wind things up and come full circle to Alicia. This is the final part of Petra's Tale and it's a bit shorter than usual but there are other stories in the pipeline so watch this space!

It goes without saying that what goes around comes around and my indiscretion had unforeseen effects when John became decidedly more distant and it's not like he suspected anything, rather it was a combination of other factors. He'd recently been promoted from nurse to deputy head of human resources and that meant more time at the office and less time for me. Along with that of course was the continued pressure to start a family but as I put it, what was the point of going down that track when he couldn't put in the time to help raise a family. It became one of those sore points we'd revisit whenever things got heated at home.

Another thing that contributed to the general discord at home was my work life. I was now working full time at the agency and as if that wasn't enough I'd taken up a two night a week teaching role at my old stomping ground, Monash. With no small twist of irony I was teaching ethics, it was a cushy number that brought in extra cash and then the church stepped in with an offer to conduct a night service once a month, the pay was minimal but I still accepted it because all that extra work added up to less time spent at home with John.

It felt like I was living a double life because while I was well liked out there in the community, John and I were starting to skirt around the edges and while neither of us had mentioned the D-word it was only a matter of time and we both knew it. However when I casually mentioned that he was free to make new friends even if they were female he took the hint. He never mentioned any woman by name but I knew he was seeing others. Looking back I can't help but wonder at the things we did to keep up appearances. Most people would have gone to marriage counselling or ended the façade but we kept on going until all we had in common was a mortgage.

Due to my guilt over the affair, even though it was just the one night I tried my best to bury myself in work and this worked for nearly two years but inevitably this build up of sexual tension had to find an outlet and when an old friend, Victor suggested using an escort service I was intrigued even though I laughed it off right away.

"Besides, what would I do? Hire a motel room for a couple of hours?"

"You could, or you could use the spare bedroom at my place. If you want to give me some money for the hour then that's fine but I won't press you for it."

This did spark my interest because Victor was unaccountably gay. The chances he'd want to take part in a threesome were as remote as faster than light space travel in my lifetime but despite the rather generous offer it wasn't a place I was prepared to go and I have to stop and think about what might have happened if I'd gone down that route.

However the fates were spinning my web and probably chuckling as I tried to fight my natural desires towards women and some three years after my one night stand with Susan I found myself falling into bed with another woman and this time it was Vanessa.

As I mentioned before she was a certified practising accountant and yet with those qualifications she'd fallen into her role at a charity and stayed. She fully admitted that she felt somewhat stifled and yet she quite enjoyed her job. It was an emotional farewell because she'd been there so long it was like she was part of the furniture. Our farewell party was at the pub and because she was emotional the drinks went straight to her head. She had to leave her car at the pub and I was her nominated driver because it was only a small detour on the way to my place. 

When Vanessa invited me in for a coffee or 'something stronger,' Susan's face rose before me and I very nearly backed out but when she opened her door and nearly fell out because she'd broken into a fit of giggling I decided to at least see her inside first. I had a plausible excuse and John wasn't expecting me home for another couple of hours anyway. 

Vanessa and I shared a common trait, when we were drinking we got horny, it starts with just being tactile and if the other party is up for it then we shed our inhibitions and I don't need to tell you more. When Vanessa threw her arms around me at the front door some thirty minutes later I didn't resist but then she stared into my eyes and smiled crookedly. 

"So, does this mean that I don't get to see you again?" 

"Of course not," I replied, "I'm only five kilometres and a phone call away." 

"Good to know," she traced a fingernail over the pattern on my blouse, I was wearing a pale pink, silk blouse covered with ivory coloured scrolls, it was accessorised with a tie cut from the same material and a black, pinstriped trouser suit.

I felt as if she'd offered to fuck me right there and then, I was pinned to the front door, one hand was resting on the door knob. All it would have taken was a simple twist to break the moment and when I did twist a knob it was the snib to make sure we were undisturbed. 

Vanessa's eyes shifted momentarily as she heard the metallic click and then she hooked her fingers behind my belt. I felt it being pulled forward as she slipped the tongue out of the keeper and then she jerked suddenly on it, I exhaled as she put a palm against the door. She cocked her head to one side and then moved forward to kiss me on the lips, I feigned resistance for a few seconds and then opened my mouth and let her work her magic. Somewhere in the middle of that I was aware she'd unbuckled my belt. 

We broke free for a few seconds and I swallowed, very conscious of the fact that I'd just given her the green light. I stared down at her front, she was wearing a crisp white blouse tucked into a mid length black skirt. Oddly enough she looked hesitant as if unsure of herself but that changed when I hooked my hand behind her neck and kissed her passionately on the lips. She dropped her hand to my crotch and dragged her fingernail up my fly to the top and then tugged playfully at the tab and when I kissed her again she slowly rubbed me. It was only then I moved my head slightly to break contact with her lips.

"If you'd rather not go further..."

I looked past her as I formulated the excuse. 

"This doesn't mean I'll leave John, and if this is the start of some long affair then perhaps you should find someone else."

"Who says we can't have a one night stand? Besides, a commitment is the last thing I want or need. But a fuck buddy is a different thing altogether, it's convenient and uncomplicated, no mess no fuss, just fuck and forget."

"I'm complicated and taken," I fiddled with the second button of her blouse.

"Complicated is fine, so is taken. I don't have anyone on the horizon but if I do get with someone you'll be the first to know."

I was fast running out of excuses and as I took a step forward I felt as if I was on auto pilot, driven by some outside force. We came together suddenly when she came to a stop and I couldn't stop in time, our breasts bumped together and then I felt her hand on my left buttock, moulding it slowly and firmly. We reached the couch and came to a stop.

"I have to piss," she looked over her shoulder.

"No worries," I sat down on the couch.

It occurred to me as I took off my jacket and draped it over the arm of the couch that this wasn't on the menu today but I'd been so long without sex I was like a volcano ready to blow. My sex life with John was non-existent, I couldn't remember the last time we'd made love.

The flushing toilet brought me back to reality a few moments later and I rose to walk over to the windows and close the curtains, I heard running water followed by footfalls in the hallway as she went to her bedroom. I made myself another drink and sat down in the corner of her very wide L-shaped couch, being single allowed her a few extra luxuries and that couch was to die for because it had two large sections that could function as footstools or if they were pushed against the couch, they made it into a bed. I just had time to push them against the couch before she returned with her hands behind her back.

"Oh, you read my mind," she regarded the new layout, "I'll let you into a secret," she took the strap on dildo out from behind her back, "this is the first time I've used this couch like this."

"So I'm the first fuck on the couch?"

"Not the first on the actual couch," she corrected herself, "just the first time I've pushed those two sections together, this should be interesting."

She knelt on the edge of one of the moveable sections and unbuckled her belt while I kicked off my shoes, our eyes were locked onto each other as she undid the button at the back of her skirt and then unzipped it. As she stood, she pulled it over her hips and let it fall to the floor. She undid her cuffs and then the five largish buttons holding her blouse closed.

Vanessa kept her eyes on me as she fastened the strap on dildo to herself, I felt as if I was frozen to the spot as I stared at this rather large dildo. She had an intense look on her face as she stepped back and walked around the edge of the couch, coming to a stop behind me. I had my hands clenched over the arm and back of the couch as she pushed the dildo against my cheek and I recall giving it a bit of a lick, much to her amusement.

Her next move though was quite unexpected when she undid my collar tie, as I mentioned before it was cut from the same material but when you spread it out it was quite wide. Vanessa had noticed it in the past but little did I expect she'd have another use for it. The tie slid from my neck and she placed it over my eyes and tied it off at the back. I did arch my back at first and she put a hand on my shoulder.

"Not your thing?"

"I'm not sure."

"If I do something that upsets you the safe word is Bacardi."

"Why Bacardi?"

"Fucked if I know," she drew a finger behind my collar, "blue moon, table, it's just a random word to tell me to stop. Anything but no or yes."

"Okay, so what's happening now?"

"A little light entertainment," she moved around to kneel on the couch and when she slid around to draw closer to me I felt an intense wave of passion mingled with fear as her perfume tantalised my nostrils.

I felt her fingers moving over my blouse, it was quite loose on me but she didn't seem to be in much of a rush to undress me as she explored my breasts, finding the edges and straps of my bra, my belly and then she moved further down to my legs. Several times she plucked at buttons or my fly as if she was going to undo something but then she go back to teasing me through my clothes. It was such an intensely erotic thing and because I was blindfolded I'd temporarily lost track of time, and then I felt something coming loose as she fiddled with the top button of my blouse.

The collar parted and her lips descended on my throat as she went back to exploring my body, this time her touch was a little firmer as she massaged my breasts firmly. The next button came undone not long after and her mouth went lower, following the deepening vee. My breathing became ever shallower, measured breaths, in and out, trying to focus on every touch and movement, and it was probably more intense because I couldn't see. My third and fourth buttons came undone, exposing my bra and it was then that she arranged my position so that I was lying with my head resting on the arm of the couch so that she could straddle me.

The strap on was now pressing hard against me, she had to stop stroking my front to adjust the dildo but I pushed her hand away and grabbed it.

"Don't stop," I panted, "don't stop."

I felt her hair brushing over my skin as she leaned over to kiss my lips and undo the next button on my blouse, the last button was hidden behind my trousers, she pulled the blouse out to undo that one and spread the blouse out and began a detailed kissing and stroking session of my exposed front, her lips clamped around each nipple in turn and somewhere in the middle of it all she undid my bra and pushed the material up to expose my hardened nipples. My groans became louder and more intense as she sucked and stroked, I was definitely wet and ready for it, and sensing this, Vanessa undid the clip and button closure and unzipped me.

"Don't stop," I moaned, "don't stop."

"Who said anything about stopping," she murmured, "I'm just getting started."

Nevertheless there was a pause whilst she removed my trousers, panties and I felt pressure as she put her head between my legs and licked my lips. A finger slid inside as she danced her tongue over my clitoris, circling it relentlessly, teasing the little organ and when she dragged her tongue over it I almost exploded. Granted, by then I was at fever pitch, anything could have set me off but there was more to come, a full on pussy eating session that had me crying out for mercy.

The end however didn't come until she pulled me upwards and spreading my legs, slid the dildo all the way inside. I expanded to take the extra length and girth but it was still rather large all the same, but as she started pumping me I latched onto her shoulders and just held on for dear life. Each thrust sent me higher, and the thrusting increased in speed and intensity until finally I was just whimpering and moaning. The orgasm came soon enough, a series of spasms that had me crying and laughing at the same time. I ended up lying on my back breathing heavily.

"Fancy penetrating me?" Vanessa pulled the tie off my head.

"Is the pope a Catholic?" I blinked against the light.

"That's my line," she stroked my legs.

"So, I'm stealing it," I rose, "let's do this."

That day heralded the start of an affair that was ultimately to last the better part of six months although truth be told our lovemaking was infrequent due to my marital and work commitments and her all too frequent one night stands. When we did fuck it was usually intensely erotic and over the top, she was a bit of a dominatrix. Eventually she found someone who suited her and settled down, which left me out there on my own, trapped in a marriage I knew was a sham and forced to keep my fantasies inside. 

On the outside I was the successful counsellor/youth pastor but deep inside I felt torn and there were times I'd literally be on my knees in private begging God to take this thing from me. I was lusting over women on a fairly regular basis and every time I thought I'd finally resolved it a new fantasy would pop up to drive me back to my knees again. I used to analyse why I was counselling a particular woman to the point of distraction, which many folk misinterpreted as my dedication to duty and honesty. What they never realised of course was that my angst had a lot to do with sexual desire and very little to do with psychological mores.

I could go on and on with my struggles, what we refer to as the dark night of the soul. It's a Christian term describing an undetermined length of time when God seems absent and you're beating bloodied fists against the brass doors of heaven. One thing I did do however was set up a profile on an erotic writing site where I'd pour out my frustrations and innermost fantasies into short stories, it was my way of dealing with what had become my cross to bear. I wasn't cheating on John like before but at least I was venting the volcano.

When Rowena came out I felt both happy and anxious because I could see that whilst she was happy, the church would seek to isolate her. I knew the script by rote. You were to hate the sin and love the sinner. You had to try to convince them to depart from their sinful ways and if they did then you put them under probation, surrounding them with God's love whilst keeping everyone else at bay until you'd brought them back into the fold. If however they refused then you cut yourself off from them altogether, they were beyond salvation. I find it truly ironic that the so-called Christian army is the only army that shoots its own wounded.

It was in light of all that controversy that I did what was probably the kindest thing for John, I moved out into a unit in Bayswater North, a comfortable walking distance to a gymnasium and a short drive to the shopping complexes at Knox City and Ringwood. 

Nevertheless, despite being back in contact with Alicia again and knowing she was not just single but openly gay it took a while for me to take the plunge. I was still attending a church some distance from my old church where they couldn't make the connection because it was a Catholic church and they don't mix with their 'separated' brethren. However that was only a bump in the road because I was never one for stuffy protocol and dogma, it was merely a place where I could collect myself and try to gain some perspective. Alicia had already agreed to come to a 'divorce' party but due to the fact that most of my friends were Christian it was going to be a small party.

One of the guests was going to be Victor and it was while he was at my place planning the menu that he raised the issue of an escort girl yet again.

"We've had this conversation before," I eyed him over a cup of coffee, "I'm not sure it's a good idea, I need to watch my finances."

"So, what if my partner and I paid for it."

"You'd pay for me to have sex with an escort girl?"

"Absolutely," he thumbed the screen on his phone, "at the very least it's a bit of entertainment and at the very most it'll confirm your suspicions. Honestly, you've been flirting with this for years, isn't it about time you dipped your toes again? You're not cheating, you're now legally separated and unless you have a sudden change of heart you're not going back to John."

He had a point and yet it took a full day and a half of trying to put it out of my mind before I finally called him at home.

"Okay, I'll do it, on the proviso that you keep your mouth shut."

"I would say that was obvious," he replied, "it's not like I'm about to walk into your old church or even your new one and tell them all you slept with an escort girl."

The thought of Victor walking into any church just made me laugh.

"So, it's a deal then?"

"Kind of," I mused, "how about an exchange, if you pay for this, um, session, I'll spring for a flight for two to Sydney. I don't have enough to pay for the hotel but I'm sure you can manage that."

To cut a long conversation short, it was arranged for the following week, when I was on holiday and preparing for this divorce party. He turned up on the day with the money for the session and an app on his phone that I used to book the session. It was quite an amusing half hour, he teased me about it and because I was quite nervous I suppose I laughed more than I should have but eventually we managed to book it. I'll never forget the next fifteen minutes as we waited for someone to call back and confirm my booking and eventually someone called Rhonda called back.

"Yes, I booked a woman," I eyed Victor, "on my friend's phone, he's here right now but he'll be gone once I get off the phone," I paused, "he's paying for this."

"That's fine," she replied, "do you have any preferences?"

"Um, just as long as she's you know, female."

"Of course, I can see that but by preference I meant fantasy, would you like her wearing a certain kind of outfit?"

I briefly thought of Amanda in her school uniform and discarded it just as quickly because it was too weird.

"Um, I don't know, maybe an office or one of those what do you call them, dressage type uniforms? Just as long as she doesn't turn up looking like an escort girl, my tastes are quite conservative," I blushed and looked out the window.
