 "What the hell is he talking about?" Shelly leaned over to me asking what our Feminist Theory professor was talking about, again, for the third time this class period. We had only been there for a half hour. Mr. Watkins walked into the class talking and had barely stopped for a breath.

"I'm not too sure. Something about sexism as it relates to racism" Shelly just gave me a wild look. She must've known I wasn't paying attention either. I couldn't concentrate. There was this really cute girl in my class and all I could do was stare at her. I felt like a little boy entranced by some older woman. I knew her name was Maureen, but that's all I knew about her. She was short, probably around 5 foot, with long brown curly hair and deep brown eyes that sparkle.

Mr. Watkins must have noticed that I wasn't paying attention to his lecture because he asked me "Ms Colette, can you tell me what bell hooks is trying to say in the third paragraph?"

"Uhh...I...well...she..." I eventually found words somewhere in my head and rambled off something about black women vs. white women in feminism. He seemed pleased enough with my answer and continued his lecture. I looked back at Maureen to find she was smiling! At me! My heart skipped about 5 beats.

I spent the rest of class on cloud nine. When Mr. Watkins' lecture was finally done, I started to pack up, expecting to just get out of there and go get lunch with Shelly. I was putting my book into my bag when I heard someone clear their throat right in front of my desk. I looked up to see Maureen standing there.

"Colette, you really understand this stuff don't you? I wish I could understand bell hooks as well as you do. Well, uhh, have a good day. See you Thursday!"

With that she was gone. I didn't even have a chance to say hi or bye. Shelly just gave me that look she always does when someone attractive talks to me. "How is it that you, who aren't even totally gay, get all the cute girls to talk to you? It's not fair. I'm a complete lez and I can't get anyone!" she complained.

"Oh shut up and let's go to lunch!"

Mr. Watkins approached my desk. "Ms. Colette, may I speak with you?"

"Sure Professor." I replied "I'll meet you at the cafe, Shelly"

Shelly agreed and stalked out of the room, deciding how she can get more women to talk to her.

"I was really impressed with your answer today Colette. You really seem to understand this material and it's not easy, by any means" Mr. Watkins started out. "Some of the students have come to me for extra help and I just don't have the time to help them. I was wondering if there was someone that could. You would get extra class credit and any payment you set up."

Class credit and payment? I couldn't believe it. Most professors will offer one or the other, but not both!

"Sure, Mr. Watkins, that sounds great but I have rehearsal every Tuesday and Thursday night. Is that going to be a problem?" I asked.

"Well, no. I haven't told the students a meeting time yet. I assumed I would get someone willing to tutor first, then set up the first meeting and it would be up to you figure it out from there. There might be some students who want extra help, or some that can't make it the day you pick. It's really all up to you."

I replied with a hearty yes and we set up the first meeting for tomorrow night. He decided that he would be present at the beginning of the meeting, but had to leave sometime through. I was in heaven! A very attractive girl talked to me AND I found myself a job! I floated through the rest of my day.

Wednesday came and I didn't really think too much about the group that would be showing up at the library. I just arrived at the group study room around 6:15, 15 minutes earlier than I should have with the books I needed. Mr. Watkins and I had set up a little lesson plan that reflected the plans for that week. There was one guy from my class already there when I got there. His name was Jeff and he was a little slow. It wasn't that he was dumb or anything, it was just he had a simplistic mind. Nothing wrong with that.

Jeff and I made small talk while more people filtered in. I was about to start when Maureen walked through the door, wearing a really sexy skirt and low cut shirt. I thought my heart would burst from excitement. She smiled sweetly at me and took a seat.

The session went relatively smooth, even though I was distracted by Maureen's outfit and presence. The group worked really well together, sharing ideas and a few laughs along the way. We decided on meeting at the same time every Wednesday and left for the evening. I was packing up my books and chatting with some fellow classmates about the latest reading when I noticed Maureen just standing in the middle of the study room, watching us talk.

"Hi" I said as I walked up to her. "How did you like it?"

"It helped me so much. I never really understood what Cudd and Jones were talking about in that essay but you really explained it well. I really like learning with you."

I laughed. "Thanks, but I'm no professor. It takes me a while to understand this stuff too."

"Well, I tried reading next classes assignment and I just don't understand it. Have you read it? Do you think you could help?" She asked. I agreed and we sat down and started discussing the next reading. We were there for about 30 minutes until we heard someone come into the room. It was a guy from the next study group that needed the room.

"Sorry to be a bother to you ladies but we reserved this room from 8:00 to 9:00"

"Oh that's no big deal" I replied. "We can just go to a private study room, if you want to continue." Maureen wanted to keep discussing Lloyd's essay, "Evolutionary Explanations of Female Sexuality", so we moved to one of the very nice private study rooms our library provides.

We were discussing the purposes of female orgasm when she abruptly leaned over the desk and kissed me, full on the lips. When she pulled back we both just sat there looking at each other for a full minute.

"I...I'm sorry. I should have never..." She stammered. "It's just you are so smart and pretty and...I'm sorry. I should go..."

"No!" I responded. "It's okay. Really it's fine. I understand. I actually... "

I couldn't finish my sentence, which was probably a good thing. I wasn't sure what I was going to say anyway. She started kissing me again. My heart was racing and I started kissing her back. Before I knew what was happening, her hands were all over my face, neck, and breasts while she was wildly kissing me. Her soft hands were kneading my ample chest when she pulled away.

"You are so hot. I want to fuck you right here." She sighed. It shocked me to hear her talk like that. It really turned me on too. She gave me a wicked little smile and soon both of her hands were traveling up my shirt and into my bra. She didn't waste any time getting to my nipples. Soon she was pinching my nipples, making me gasp, and kissing, nibbling, and sucking on my neck. I started moaning, her hands on my nipples were making me really wet. She pulled away, grinned at me, and pulled my shirt over my breasts, which were spilling out of my bra. When she put her hot mouth to my erect nipple I moaned so loud that she had to stop and remind me that we were in the library.

"If you don't keep quiet someone will hear us and then I can't keep sucking on your nipples!"

She put her mouth back on my nipple and started to suck. The feeling was amazing. Just when I thought it could not get better, she lightly bit down. It felt so good that I knew that I couldn't stay quite so I pulled her up, pushed her against the wall, and started kissing her. I didn't waste any time as I pulled her shirt up and reached into her bra. I was lightly pulling on her nipples when she started moaning into my mouth. I slowly kissed, licked, and bit my way down to her beautiful dark pink nipples. When I put my mouth on her nipple I heard her whisper "Oh god yes..."

I sucked and nibbled on her nipples for a good 5 minutes before continuing my decent to her nether-regions. I pulled up her skirt and she automatically spread her legs and let out a low moan. I look up at her and in-between kissing her inner thighs, I remind her that we are in a public library and she would need to keep quite. She smiled and said "I would but you are driving me crazy. Please lick my pussy. Oh god, I'm so wet." I continued my tongue torture of her thighs. By the time I got to her bush, her underwear was soaked through. I chuckled to myself and I slipped her black panties down. I started to lick and nibble around her outer lips, occasionally dipping my tongue in for a taste. I slowly licked my way around and in her snatch. When I found her clit, I heard her moan a little louder. I continued to lick and suck on her clit while I slowly pushed 2 fingers into her tight hole. She moaned and pushed down on my fingers.

"Oh god, Colette, I can't take it anymore. Please just fuck me. Fuck me hard!" I did just that. I started fingering her faster, and I took her clit between my teeth and flicked my tongue over and over it. She was so close to cumming she couldn't make intelligible words anymore. Soon I felt her pussy tighten and her orgasm overtook her.

Once she relaxed and started to breathe again, she pulled me up to her and started kissing me. "It's your turn" she whispered to me and pushed me onto the desk. She grinned and said "I can't wait to fuck you on our Feminist Theory work."

With that she unbuttoned my jeans, pulled them off, and started kissing and licking my inner thighs. I was so wet and ready for her. She kissed my pussy through my panties and I was so horny I bucked at the touch. Slowly, she pulled my underwear down to my feet and returned to my slit, licking and sucking her way from my calves. She blew cold air over my clit, making it stand up. I moaned "Oh god, please lick my cunt!" She just laughed and lowered her mouth on my clit. I moaned louder and she shoved her fingers into my snatch.

Soon, I couldn't moan anything but "Oh god!" and "Fuck!" The sensations were incredible. She started fucking me faster and harder. Then I heard her say into my pussy "Cum for me, baby." Hearing her was just what I needed and I started cumming, hard. It was a mind blowing orgasm and as soon as I relaxed she slid up and kissed me. We were both breathing hard and were sweaty.

She looked at me, smiled, and asked "Same time, next week?"