 "I saw you." she whispered.

My husband had just left to get the camera and I was chit-chatting with our server when she leaned in and whispered, "I saw you."

I froze for a moment. My mind raced trying to figure out what she saw. We'd done a lot so I was trying to figure it out quickly so I could confirm or deny. With all of the naughty stuff my husband and I do it's a wonder we aren't caught more often, so naughty things are where my mind goes to first. I caught my guilt and tamped it down, then looked back at her.

"Saw me what?" I'd learned long ago that just because you feel guilty don't fess up to an accusation before the prosecution has presented the specifics. Duh-Dun! Law & Order!

She whispered again. "I saw you and your husband having sex out on your balcony last night."

"Oh?" And there it was.

Oh shit, that was HER walking by? Of course it was her walking by. Things started to add up with all the attention she had been giving us.

"I was walking back to my room last night when I saw you two. I tried to keep walking, but couldn't help myself. I've seen a lot of stuff happen since I started working here, but that was fucking hot. I stood behind that tree watching. I couldn't keep my eyes off you"

The first thing to pop to mind was...Cute...20's...firm...

I'm so inappropriate sometimes.

"Is that right?" I smiled back at her. I wasn't quite sure where this conversation was going.

As she stood and we chatted, things progressed. The conversation, the gestures, got flirtier. We were feeling each other out, if not up yet, a subtle dance of smiles, caresses, and nudges. Finally, I made my indecent proposal. She would be by our room later. She walked away smiling, I sat grinning, my husband got back too late to capture the sunset or what had just transpired. He was fiddling with the camera and suggested try some night photography.

A quick amusing story, to me anyway, my husband told me later. He was trying to shoot some of the lights around the island using long exposures and hand holding the camera since he didn't have a tripod. Now this island, in the middle of nowhere, was pitch black at night outside of the lit areas. Pitch black in LITERALLY not being able to see your hand in front of your face. maybe it was just my eyes. So he said, SOMETHING, which I thought was him asking me to go get something from the room, so I turned and left. He told me when he turned around and I wasn't there, because he hadn't actually asked me to go get something, and expected me to still be standing there and I wasn't, he started to panic.

He said he thought I slipped and fell or something and hit my head and was lying unconscious in the dark or somebody snatched me (Cuz I'm so snatchable...heh). He couldn't see the beach at our feet at all and looked the best he could, squinting into the darkness and whispering for me as loud as he could without actually shouting, but didn't know what to do. He got to a panic point he wasn't sure if he should go get help or at least find a flashlight. He walked quickly back to the room and found me walking back. He grabbed me and gave me such a big hug. Poor sweet guy had worked himself up so much he almost cried.

Anyway...I made it up to him...

We enjoyed being outside for a while. Seriously, it was just gorgeous walking along the sand on the way back to our room. Another night of star filled skies and moonlit water. Looking back, this was probably the night to rip each others clothes off and just have sex on the beach, but we instead made our way back to our balcony and sat listening to the waves and wind, enjoying the idyllic evening. The night was clear, the wind rustled through the palm trees, the sky so full of stars. You never realize how light pollution obscures the night.

We kissed, we cuddled, we talked, tickled. We stroked and petted and nibbled. I massaged his cock through his nylon shorts until he was hard. I slid to the floor and took his shorts with me, then perched between his legs, holding his cock in one hand and balls in the other, admiring the way the light was making it glow. Mmmmm. I licked and sucked him. His hands in my hair and hips slowly fucking my mouth. Oh my God, I love his cock in my mouth, hard and warm and I LOVE how he tastes. It's a fucking lollycock. I spend hours licking his cock at home while we lay watching TV or a movie. 

I worked on him until he wasn't going to get any harder. Stiff, proud, throbbing in an obscene salute...lol. I slid my shorts off and mounted him on the bench. Mmmmm. Slowly, there is absolutely no rush and this is the closest we've gotten to fucking on the beach. I put the tip of jhis cock at my pussy and just let myself fall slowly down him. Looking into his eyes as he stretched me out, a connection that went beyond the cock inside of me. I rode slowly while we talked, chatted, and giggled. Times like these were less about the fucking and more about connecting, but don't get me wrong the fucking was perfect. Plus, I knew something he didn't know and the secret was just making everything more delicious. She would be here soon and I kept one eye on the door while I slid up and down him. I got hornier and more anxious thinking about the surprise.

From his viewpoint on the bench he didn't see her walk in. I'd told her earlier I would leave the door unlocked and she should just let herself in. I watched the door opened slowly and felt myself smile and clench as she walked in. She stood there for a minute glancing around the room before her eyes finally focused on me. Out of her uniform, hair down, barefoot, wearing only a bikini top and wrap around skirt. She was gorgeous. She walked forward smiling shyly, her hair did that "gently blow in the breeze thing" and I felt my desire for her build.

She came and stood behind the bench smiling wider when she realized what was going on. Her gaze went from me to his cock sliding inside of me. My husband looked up, astonished, then confused. His hands gripped my hips as he pulled me down hard and just lost it inside of me. Somebody figured out what was going on. Lol. Mmmmm. That feeling of hot cum exploding inside me 

I leaned into her first, and noticed she has the most perfect lips. She was completely natural, no makeup, skin glowing in the iridescent lighting. Dark gorgeous eyes, hair falling tousled around her face. As I got closer and she smelled amazing. I couldn't tell if it was her or perfume, but it washed over me softly making my mouth dry at the same time it tried to salivate. I swallowed hard. She looked at me shyly then leaned in to meet me pressing her mouth against mine. Soft lips. Soft kisses. Just perfect lips like only a girl will have. I felt electricity and an overwhelming desire just gripped my chest.

I'd all but forgotten about my husband laying underneath me, his spent cock still semi-hard inside me. Tho when she and I started kissing her I felt him stirring. I squeezed him inside me to encourage it. But, as our first kiss ended, I slid off of him and his cock hit his tummy with a wet slap. I walked around the bench, took her by the hand, and led her to the bathroom.

It was a small open bathroom. Tiled shower with a drain in the floor, beautiful sink on one end with a large wall-sized mirror. I put my arms around her and kissed her again, my eyes slid open to watch our reflection. I pulled the strings on her bikini top and watched it fall. Perfect tits, just firm and high, nipples hard and suckable. I squeezed one in each hand and remembered when mine were like that. I smiled at her and leaned my head down to softly kiss her chest. Her scent, jeezus, it was driving me crazy, I felt my pussy just get soaked. I moved my mouth from nipple to nipple, circling with my tongue then sucking. I bit playfully, but the animal I was restraining inside me was wanting more. She moaned for me and her voice, oh fuck her voice gave me goosbumps, I wanted her to moan more. This girl had me falling in love.

I reached over to start the shower, adjusting the water, not too cold, not too hot. I undid her skirt and it fell to her feet. No panties. Shaved. Completely smooth. I love shaved. When I say she was gorgeous it is an understatement. A voice in my head taunted me by wondering how I could take her home...lol. She was golden and smooth and shiny and perfect and I felt myself very much wanting her, wanting to taste her, wanting to make her moan for me.

She grabbed my tshirt and lifted it over my head. Suddenly I was 20 again, first crushes, excited like a little kid getting ready for bed. Her hands all over my body. Soft lips kissing my tits before they wrapped around my nipples and sucked, making my legs buckle. Fingers trailed down my tummy to my already wet pussy, stroking softly. She made me whimper and want.

Her soft hands gently pushed me back a few steps until we were both under warm water. She kissed me again, soft kisses, and ran her hands over my wet skin. I started exploring her curves. Running my hands down her back to her ass, a perfect handful of ass, I squeezed and kneaded it in my hands. I gave it a playful slap and she yelped and giggled.

She slid her hands to my hips and pushed me back a few step, I felt the tile on my back. Someone was getting more aggressive. She grabbed the bar of soap and lathered it up in her hands then started soaping me up. Her soft hands felt sooooo good. She slid them all over my body, starting with my neck and shoulders she worked her way down to my toes. Slowly, methodically covering ever inch of me. Her fingers ran between my legs and I shivered. Her other hand slipped her slippery digits up my crack and lingered on my asshole for a moment. My tight little ass shyly clenched under her finger.

When I was washed to her satisfaction she took a step back. She didn't break eye-contact as I watched as she started soaping herself up. Fuck she made me want. She soaped her tits in small circles, then her tummy, the soap drawing sexy graffiti on her skin. She reached down between her legs then behind her. I chuckled. She did this movement where she went up on her tiptoes and arched her back, thrusting her cute little ass out and kind of did this wiggle as she washed. I took the soap from her and smiled. It was my turn to do for her. I went over her again.

Starting at her long neck and working my way down to her tits. I took my time soaping and playing creating my own soapy artwork. Her arms and fingers, tummy, gently reaching between her legs and stroking her pussy. Small circles around her swollen clit. She moaned for me again. Yesssss. I lathered my way down her shapely legs to her toes. Shit even her little painted toes were sexy.

I stood up and turned her around. Starting at her shoulders I worked my way down her back, stopping for a moment to admire the way the water was flowing down her. I got on my knees behind her and started squeezing and scrubbing her cute little ass. I spread her wide and soaped up the cutest, tightest little asshole. The water ran down the curve of her back to the crack of her ass where I was obscenely spreading her wide. I watched the water rinse the soap down the inside of her thighs and I couldn't resist anymore. I stuck my tongue out and licked her little asshole slowly. She squealed and playfully tried to pull away, but I held her steady and continued. She surrendered, leaning forward and putting her hands against the wall.

My tongue slid and danced across her ass. I pulled her apart a little further, causing her asshole to look at me in surprise, before I forced the tip of my tongue inside. She squealed again. She was all squeals and 'OH SHIT!" as I ate her ass. I pushed the tip of my finger against it tracing gentle circles as it clenched and grabbed for me. My tongue trailed slowly down to her clit and back up to her pussy gently tracing the pink before my tongue pushed inside her. She was sweet. Mmmmm fuck was she sweet. I reached up and started stroking and squeezing her clit as I returned my oral attentions to her ass. I pushed my tongue deep in her asshole as I pinched her clit. Her hole gave way and her legs went stiff. She submitted and stuck her ass out for me. I rubbed her pussy while I slowly started tongue fucking her innocent asshole, she started moaning for me. Two of my fingers slid into her from behind and she squeezed them tight. 

Her breathing got faster and more shallow. She started moaning that sexy moan for me and pushing her ass back forcing me to fuck her. Her pussy squeezed my fingers tight and her asshole clamped down on my tongue. She started to shake and lean heavily against the wall, moaning for me again, exploding on my fingers. 

She stood there shaking for a minute, the water rinsing her clean again, so fucking sexy. She spun around and grabbed me, pinning me against the wall, kissing me hungrily she was stroking and grabbing me like she didn't know where she wanted to start. Dropping to her knees in front of me she pushed my leg up and starting eating my pussy, her tongue was frantic. I rested my thigh on her shoulder and her perfect little tongue was just lapping, her soft lips wrapping around my clit and suckling. Her aggression made me hotter, my hips started humping her face. Her hand massaged my thigh one minute, and I had 2 fingers deep inside me the next. Oh God. My leg started shaking and I didn't know how long I could keep myself balanced like this. I felt the orgasm coming, but I slowly sliding down the wall. She hit my g-spot and I gasped. My back arched and I screamed trying to keep myself from completely collapsing on the tile floor. My thigh pushed hard against her shoulder as I struggled to not fall and I melted slowly to the floor. I felt her soft hands helping me.

We sat there on the floor of the shower, warm water washing over us. I had nothing but love in my eyes for her. I leaned forward weakly, she brought her soft kisses the rest of the way.

We both looked up when we heard the clicking. My husband was leaning against the sink aiming camera at us, with a huge hard on by the way, taking pictures and video. Best vacation video EVAH by the way...lol. She squealed and playfully protested seeing him with the camera and bashfully turned away, squatting down and washing her pussy and ass again then stood up.

I struggled to stand and we turned off the water, grabbed a couple of towels to wrap around our hair and body, and walked back into the bedroom.

tbc