 Her lips found my own. It was gentle - soft, even. The kiss she may have shared with me at the club if I had been brave enough. I slid my own arms down her back, opening my mouth to her, and Phoenix Whitford's tongue slipped in, caressing my own. She was mine - and mine only. Our tongues met, and I groaned into her mouth. That sound snapped whatever leash she'd restrained herself to, and, with me in her arms, laid me onto her bed, and stared at me with such ferocity I felt nothing short of bliss. She deepened the kiss, and wrapped her legs around mine, pulling me closer. As quick as she had come, her tongue slid away, and traced a line to my neck, down my skin as her hands slid under my blouse and went up, to cup my breasts. I instinctively arched away, but her voice. Damn, that seductive, mesmerising voice of hers, whispered, "Don't be afraid, gorgeous." I lifted my arms and Phoenix peeled away my sweater, revealing my naked upper half. My breasts weren't on the huge side, but D-cups were good enough for her. She fondled and licked her way around my busts, surveying my unblemished upper body. 

Her long, slender fingers slid down, down towards my khaki shorts, and in that same hypnotising tone, said, "In case you were wondering where this will end." I moaned, and she laughed, mouth finding my other breast. She ground her hips against mine, teasing me so horribly I could not stand it any longer. In one deft motion, I flipped her onto the bed also, and removed her denim jacket and sexy T-shirt. Today her bra was bright orange, and even though they were a comfortable fit for her, her melons were begging to escape. I pressed my face against her soft, warm skin and began to undo her straps, one by one. I uncurled my tongue and flicked it over her tits, her breathing growing louder by the second. Her flesh was so golden, so smooth I daren't say it was natural. Her breasts tasted so silky mild, so nice, I wanted them to be my pillows I could sleep with for the rest of my life. But that was over. Now Phoenix saw her opportunity at my pause, and slid her hands onto my thighs. Her hands froze round my khaki shorts.

"Off. Now." The unmistakeable note of lust lingered amongst her voice. I was too happy to oblige, and my shorts slid right down to my feet. She stared at my undergarments. Almost not daring to touch, she felt her way across, and slipped them off, all the while never taking her stunning azure eyes off my sex, shaved into a Brazilian stripe. I was ready when she slipped into me, drawing lazy circles that made me moan, and gasp, to her delight. She looked up, and I nearly came at the sight of her, the one I had always wanted, needed, pleasuring me for her own enjoyment. She added her middle finger to the mix, and growled in approval at my scent, my wetness that was inevitably going to start dripping down my thighs. As her lips grazed over my mouth, she whispered, "I'm about to give you the biggest orgasm of your life."

"P-p-lease," I managed. God fucking dammit, her fingers. They were so long, almost like they were made for fucking. I wondered if she would pleasure herself, but that thought didn't last long; a feeling had begun to race through me, a feeling I had never felt before, which began at my hips and curved down, towards the apex of my thighs. I needed her, I needed her to give me that final flick, the one touch that would barrel release through me. She was going to... Her fingers disappeared, and I nearly bellowed because I hadn't came. I was so close, yet I hadn't. I didn't have the time to finish thinking, because her fingers went in again, deeper, giving me pure ecstasy as they drew all sorts of shapes inside of me, circles, rectangles, exploring all my walls before coming to a stop in a place even I had never dared find. My G-spot. I knew it was unnaturally deep, however Phoenix, of all people, had found it without a problem. I was ready. This time I knew she would make me cum, make me shout and weep in pure joy, and as her fingers started flicking back and forth, waves of pleasure once again were sent down, down towards my pussy, preparing me for release... until nothing. That bitch had pulled out again, whilst I had been on the brink of orgasm. Twice! 

"Why?" A desperate moan escaped my lips. I was on the brink of tears.

She looked at her cum-covered fingers, and said, "This makes your orgasm last longer. More time for me to feast upon you, hmm?" 

They slid in again. My walls were so wet by now sticky noises were unavoidable even as her fingers dove in, straight as an arrowhead toward my G-spot. Her mouth planted a trail of kisses down my body, and her fingers started moving. I was going to cum this time. I wasn't going to let her pull out again. I would force her to keep her fingers there, and force her to sip my juices as they leaked out of me. Her mouth found my clit and her tongue slurped its way into me, soaking up all that juice as it went. I now knew what she meant. By putting me through extreme pleasure twice, I had built up a barrier, that would delay orgasm, even with her tongue flicking at my clit and finger milking my G-spot, I felt fresh to sex. Like I could go another hour without cumming. 

"Have you ever squirted?" Phoenix's sudden question broke my train of thought.

"Never tried." I couldn't help noticing my breathing was laboured, heavy with horniness.

"You're gonna squirt for the first time in your life! How exciting!"

She moved faster now, with almost a sense of urgency, and I could feel her saliva mingling with my wetness and finger rotating inside me, as my world melted into true euphoria; only me, and Phoenix. Everything else was non-existent. Phoenix was about to open her mouth to say something, when, out of nowhere, by far the strongest, most intense, most pleasurable and longest orgasm I had ever had hit me. I felt my vaginal walls tighten, and as Phoenix drew her hand out, I started to cum. My juices spurted out of me with a squelching noise, and landed everywhere. On me, on her, on the bed. I couldn't stop, either. I could see Phoenix smiling so widely, rubbing my wetness all over her, and me, all the while I was cumming, squirting. After what seemed like an eternity of bliss passed, I felt there was nothing left anymore. Nothing else to come out. I was well and truly done. We were covered in nectar, both of us, but the afternoon had only just begun. I felt refreshed, ready for another round, this time on her. 

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I asked.

Soundlessly, Phoenix turned over and laid down on the bed, her flat stomach and luscious breasts still gleaming with my cum, and opened her thighs to me. She had somehow gone through all of that without removing her legwear. They were an abomination, and they came off, without protest, and her hot, U-shaped panties came right off after. Unlike me, Phoenix's vagina was fully shaved, with no sign of pubes or their roots around her. I was ready to fuck her, to fuck her senseless until she was begging for me, for me to make love. I dove straight for her pussy. My tongue struck, all of my tongue, hitting her outer vagina walls. Phoenix gave a small cry, and tilted her head. 

"How long is that thing?" she half-asked, half-moaned.

"Long enough," I snarled back playfully. 

I flicked my tongue over to her clit, licking her until my saliva had her shining in the afternoon sun. Moving my tongue around, I swished it toward the direction of her vagina, before it crept in, slowly but surely. The first thing I noticed about the inside of Phoenix's vag: It was hot. Sorta moist, but extremely hot. I licked my way along her walls, twisting and slithering my tongue inside her, until she flinched and cried out.

"Please-" 

I knew she was aroused. I dug deeper, trying to find her sweet spot, until my tongue stopped at an interesting crater-like area along the side of her walls. I instinctively licked it, and Phoenix cried out again. Her groans grew louder with each breath, and somewhere along the way she had started playing with her perfect nipples. I knew exactly how quickly her arousal was growing, and I would pull out any time now, and sure enough, 

"I'm gonna c-" 

"Oh, no, you fucking don't," I muttered. My tongue withdrew before she could climax, and I rubbed Phoenix's inner thighs in delight, purposely avoiding her pussy, for the sake that she might cum. I batted her hands away from her breasts, and pinned them against my own. I looked her in the eyes, and saw nothing but excitement and anticipation. I slowly turned, so my vagina faced hers, and we were both sitting up, facing each other. I moved in lightning fast, and the moment we collided, my world exploded into a spectrum of vibrant light. The light was creamy, yellow, almost peachy. For me, that was the colour of sex and that was the only colour I was seeing through. We grinded against each other, clits slipping and sliding, pussies growing wetter and wetter by the second. Our voices grew together, louder, more intense, and we felt a connection. It was a connection of pure love, that drew us together as one. Hips thrusting, we heard the moisture before we felt it. 

A sticky sound, and then it came bursting through, like a river flooding over a dam, and we climaxed at the exact same time. Cum would have gone everywhere had I not shoved my pussy right on top of hers in that moment. I could feel me cumming into her, and her into me as our ejaculation mixed and formed a thick slime between us. From my hips downward, I felt nothing but glory, pure undiluted sexual euphoria, even as our pace slackened. We stopped, eventually, and our breathing abated to a heavy sigh each breath. Quivering with excitement, my index finger trailed down to where we were connected, and I swiftly reached into our pussies and scooped out a generous amount of cum. It started dripping, so I rubbed my slimy hands over Phoenix's breasts, spreading as much of that wondrous liquid amongst the expanse of her gorgeous tits. Her own hands joined in, covering her entire upper body with that pussy slime, and at the same time, we each dipped a finger into the crevice between her breasts, pulled out a sticky helping of cum, and put it into our mouths. My jaw dropped. 

The nectar was incredibly sweet. Unlike what I'd heard on the internet, cum was almost like honey, smooth and sweet-smelling. Phoenix smiled coyly. "Does my cum taste as good as yours? Or is it the other way around?" I could also taste my own juices (not that I had ever tried before), and found that it had a slightly sweet scent, with a mild taste I couldn't quite place. We lay there, naked and content, for a good quarter of the hour, occasionally touching each other, trading kisses and smiles. 

"Well, damn, you're my new favourite bedroom partner." Phoenix broke the silence. I laughed, and held her hand, ghosts of a long-past trembling orgasm shaking me.