 They lay there for at least an hour, hands searching over each other's bodies, memorizing every contour and nuance. The lazily kiss long, soft, heated kisses. After a while, Chrissy sits up and starts to get off of the bed.

'This's incredible. I can't believe that I've found someone as libidinous as me!'

"Leaving so soon? Don't tell me you're the love them and leave them kind."

"No, I have a surprise for you, too. Close your eyes."

Chrissy gets up and goes to the dresser. She takes a couple a things out of the towel and goes back to the bed. She tucks her treasures under the bedspread and tells Liz she can open her eyes.

'I hope she likes this!'

They embrace and start to kiss once again, moving to the center of the bed. She runs her fingers through Liz's hair, deepening their kiss until they both need to come up for air.

'I love the way she kisses, so full of life.'

Chrissy moves to continue her exploration of Liz's body. Once she arrives back at Liz's pretty pussy she spreads her lips and gazes at her exquisite molten center. Chrissy plants soft kisses all over her nether region.

"If you don't stop teasing me like that I'm gonna spontaneously combust, you wench!!"

Chrissy takes this as her cue and starts to earnestly make love to Liz's snatch. She starts with her tongue at the top of her slit and licks down to the bottom of her hole doing what she likes to have done to her most. She darts her tongue inside and then back up to the tip of her clit.

'She's pretty good at this for a first-time pussy licker! I think I'm gonna like this!'

She sucks on Liz's outer lips, nibbling them. She then moves to the inner lips and clit. She licks up and down on her nub and then she moves her focus to her vagina. She tongue-fucks Liz, thrusting as deep as she can.

"Mmmmmmmm, that feels great! Keep on doing that. Yeah, mmmmmm, ooooohhhhhhhhhh!!"

Over and over she dips into Liz's dew river. As Liz gets more aroused and excited Chrissy moves back up to her clit.

"Ohhhhh, yeah, mmmmmmmm, tongue fuck my pussy. That feels soooooooo good!! You are fantastic! Lick me, oh, yeah, just like that. Mmmmmmmm."

Liz pulls her mons up so as to get her clit to come out from under its hood. Chrissy sucks Liz's bean into her mouth and flicks it with her tongue. As she pleasures Liz, Chrissy reaches to her toys under the covers. She pulls out a realistic looking cock. It is made of soft, flesh colored, skin-like rubber. It measures a whopping 8" long and 2.5" wide.

"This is my favorite toy. I don't go anywhere without it. I know you'll like it too. Don't worry, I wash it after every use," Chrissy tells her.

She needs no lubrication to get it started in Liz's honey pot. As she slowly works the toy in she continues to stimulate Liz's clit. She licks it in a circular fashion, all around the hood, up and under and around again.

"Oooooooouuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhh, yes! Fuck me! Uuunnnnnhhhh!"

Liz starts moving against the cock invading her pussy, rocking back and forth. Chrissy pumps the phallus into her, fascinated by the sight of her pussy dilating to fit the toy. She begins to moan loudly and begs Chrissy to fuck her harder. Chrissy pulls the dildo out of Liz's pussy and plunges two fingers inside, twirling them around.

"Yeah! I like that!"

Chrissy returns the dildo to the slurping hole and resumes the rough strokes. She keeps licking Liz's clit, spelling the alphabet now (she heard some guy saying this worked on his girlfriend), alternating with hard nibbles to the protruding nubbin. Her pussy is getting wet again just from licking Liz's yummy honey pot. Without warning she pushes one of her lubricated fingers into Liz's puckered brown hole.

"Oooohhhhhhh, mmm."

As she advances her finger into her second knuckle Liz starts to thrash in the bed, her impending orgasm cumming to a head. She bites down on Liz's clit and slips a second finger into her anus, giving her pussy hard, forceful and quick strokes with the cock. Liz screams out her climax and Chrissy licks and sucks on Liz's bean, wiggling her fingers in Liz's ass until she brings her to a quick second orgasm.

"FFFUUUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK!! Fuck, fuck, fuck, shit, damn. Ahhhhhhhh, I'mmm going to cum!! Make me cum, you pussy fucker, you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, fuck me!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

'I did it! I made her cum!'

Liz drops her hand down at her side on the bed and lays there, totally spent. She can't believe the events that have transpired. Chrissy moves up to the head of the bed with Liz and lays next to her. They roll on their sides to look each other in the eye. Liz leans forward to kiss her, licking Chrissy's lips with her fresh pussy juice on them.

"Mmmmm. So good. You were wonderful. I can't believe that was your first time with a woman."

They curl up together in each other's arms, spooned and drift off to sleep.

The next day Chrissy awakens, not sure where she is. She stretches and realizes she's not alone in the bed. Then the memories of last night cum flooding back to her mind. She rolls onto her side and kisses Liz awake.

"Good morning, love. Did you sleep well?" Liz asks.

"Yah, like a baby. I think I could get used to this."

They notice the time and quickly shower and dress, arriving downstairs as things get started. Finding two seats at a table near the back of the room they put their materials down and go to get breakfast at the buffet. Just as the speaker formally starts to outline the day's activities they get back to the table, plates in hand and sit down.

The day passes quickly. Chrissy has a difficult time concentrating. She'd rather imagine what she and Liz will do later that night. They didn't sign up for the same breakout groups, so they spent most of the day apart. There are assigned seats at dinner, and the two are not together.

Finally, at the end of the day, they meet in the suite. Kissing passionately you would've thought they were away from each other for much more than 10 hours.

"All I could do all day was think about you," Chrissy told Liz.

"I know, I had a hard time staying focused, too. What do you say we get naked and watch some TV?" Liz replied.

They rapidly shed their clothing and Chrissy gets into bed. Liz goes into the bathroom and brings in a wine bucket with an uncorked bottle of wine and two chilled glasses. She gets into bed and pours each of them a glass. She uses the remote to turn on the TV and VCR. Two naked women are embraced and kissing on a blanket in the forest.

(Gasp) "What's this?" Chrissy asks.

"Do you like it?"

"Yea, it's pretty damn hot. Do they have this stuff at the video rental place downstairs?"

"I'm sure they have something like it, but I brought this from home."

"You really come prepared, don't you?"

"Shut up and kiss me!"

Liz pulls Chrissy to her and they start to suck-face like a couple of teenagers. Their tongues dart into each other's mouths and dance together as they hear the moans and groans coming from the TV.

"Ohh, this is soooo wild! I still can't believe this is happening to me."

They lay back to watch the scene heat up on the screen. Hands rove all over and Chrissy soon discovers Liz's sopping pussy. She sees the woman in the movie do something she would've never thought of on her own.

'I'm gonna do that to Liz tonight!'

Chrissy's nipples start to swell. Liz slides down a little bit so she can take one in her mouth. Around and around the areola her tongue goes, feeling all the bumps rise from her ministration. She sucks and licks until the tip is engorged and hard, twirling her tongue around the marble.

They turn and position themselves so that they can each suckle one another's breasts. It is hard to decipher the moans from the TV from those in the room. Liz can feel the vibrations from Chrissy's mouth on her pert teat and can't help but arch her back, forcing her breast further into her mouth.

They somehow seem to move into a 69 position with Chrissy on top facing the TV. She starts to kiss and lick Liz's muff, entranced by the view before her.

"Mmfffffmmmm, ohhhhh, ahhhh, feels so good. Yeah, lick that pussy."

"Keep tweaking my nipples. I want'em to stay hard. Can you reach?" Chrissy asks.

"Yah, I can. I will. But only if you keep that up. What a great tongue you've got!"

She spreads Liz's pussy and tongues her wetness. She tastes better than last night and the smell is much stronger. She continues to kiss her smooth box and finds the jewel hidden within. She buffs the jewel until it's glimmering and shiny, protruding out of its hood more than she thought it could.

"Ohhhhh, yes!"

She can take it between her teeth, and does, biting down gently and sucking at the same time. She shakes her head side to side to increase the stimulation and is rewarded with more dew streaming from the cavern of her desire.

"Oh, yeah, mmmmmmmm. I like that. You're a quick learner!" exclaims Liz.

Liz grips Chrissy's nipples, twirling and pinching. She is getting heady from the scent and taste of the snatch over her. She licks up and down, taking Chrissy's meaty lips into her mouth and strokes them with her tongue. She moves her focus to what is on the inside, searching for the bundle of nerves that will set her off. Her tongue grazes the bundle and Chrissy moans with desire. She concentrates on making Chrissy cum before her, like it's a contest or something.

"You've been waiting for this all day, haven't you?" asks Liz. "I can smell it."

"Umhm, yes, oh, ummm, I have. Mmmmmm, god! Feels soooo good! Keep that up and you are going to make me cum!!"

Liz continues her assault and Chrissy starts to squirm. She sucks the little bead into her mouth and nibbles on it, sending courses of pleasure through Chrissy's body. She starts to rock her mound against Liz's face, angling herself for the best stimulation.

"Fuck yeah, make me cum. I want to cum!! Pinch my nipples harder!"

Liz leads her up and down the valleys of desire until she can stand it no longer. Reaching her peak, Chrissy screams out.

"Oh shitttttttt!! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Fuck YEAH!! Unnnnnnnnnnnn!!"

Her cunt overflows with her own juices as she continues to go down on Liz. Her nipples are still standing stiff at attention, just like she wanted. After regaining a little of her composure she slides down further in the bed to Liz's wet nest and positions her breast so that her nipple is rubbing up against it.

"Whoa, what are you doing?"

"I'm gonna tittie fuck you."

"I want to watch! Let me sit on the edge of the bed so I can see."

Chrissy moves down to the floor and gets on her knees, rolling her nipples the whole time. Liz moves to the side of the bed and sits with her legs spread wide on either side of Chrissy. As she brings her nipple back to the nest in front of her she sighs. The cries and wails from the movie in the background are keeping her own cunt dripping with moisture.

"God, that feels good. It's soft, but rough and textured. I love it!"

Chrissy has her breast in her hand, guiding the nipple up and down Liz's lips. She reaches and spreads her outer lips so that Chrissy can get closer to her pulsing center. As her nipple grazes the throbbing pebble she feels Liz get even wetter. She dips her protruding nipple into the flood to lubricate it, then brings it back up to the pebble that is begging for release.

'Damn!! I really like this woman! She brings out a part of me no one has touched before!!'

Up and down, back and forth, around and around Chrissy traces the hard nub with her nipple bringing her closer to the pinnacle.

"Mmmmm, yeah, that's great! I love watching you play with my pussy. Yeah, just like that. There!! Shit! Right there! Ooohhhhhh!"

Chrissy follows Liz as she grinds her box against her nipple. She can feel the contractions starting and knows that Liz is going to cum. She watches as orgasm overcums Liz, her legs shaking uncontrollably, her breathing fast and ragged, fascinated.

"AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

Liz cums with a gush of fluid onto Chrissy's tit and a scream, but Chrissy doesn't stop. She continues to masturbate Liz's snatch with her nipple, rubbing it harder and deeper with every stroke. Liz cums again and again, drenching the bed with her release. She begs Chrissy to stop, but she doesn't listen.

"Ooohhhhhh, ooohhhh, stop! Ahhhhh, too much!!"

'Don't stop, don't stop . Make me gush!!'

She spreads Liz's legs further apart and brings her mouth to the hot box. Pushing her mound up and back to get at the spasming nubbin hidden within Chrissy tackles it with her tongue, not letting Liz rest until her entire body is convulsing with orgasm after orgasm.

Liz flops back on the bed, exhausted, and Chrissy brings her nipple to her mouth. She licks Liz's cum from herself and soothes her sore nipple. Then she slumps to the floor.

'Damn, now my first tittie fuck. I wonder what other firsts I'm going to have in the next 2 days.'

Chrissy gets up and puts Liz's legs onto the bed, then crawls in next to her. She turns off the TV and VCR, falling fast asleep right afterwards.

The next day goes by a little slower, but at the end of the day they are hot horny wenches and can't wait to get their hands on each other. Chrissy has transformed into an aggressive partner in bed. No longer shy and hesitant, she likes to experiment and take control.

"I saw that you had some other interesting things in your suitcase. May I go rummaging through it?"

"Sure, take anything you want for us to use."

She gathers an assortment of silk scarves and brings them over to the bed. She takes a dark green one and uses it as a blindfold on Liz.

"Now lie down, you do trust me, don't you?" Chrissy asks.

"Yes, just don't do anything crazy," Liz replies as she scoots back and into the middle of the bed.

Chrissy starts with Liz's left arm, kissing from her shoulder, down her arm, licking at the soft part of her elbow, kissing all the way to her hand. She licks Liz's palm, tasting the salty sweat, then kisses each of her fingertips. She wraps Liz's wrist with the red silk scarf and ties it to the headboard. She repeats this on Liz's right side.

"Ooohh, a little bondage, huh?"

She kisses Liz from the top of her head down her body once again. She trails a feather down Liz's sides and around her breasts. Liz squirms and laughs. Continuing her trail of kisses down Liz's abdomen she gets to her left hip. She kisses and licks Liz's thigh, the hollow of her knee, her calf and shin, to her ankle. Then her arch and instep, sucking each one of her toes.

"What do you think you are doing, you wench? Huh? Tying me to the bed? You think that's gonna stop me from making you cum as much as I did last night?"

While working on her toes Chrissy takes a purple silk scarf and wraps it around Liz's ankle and to the posts at the foot of the bed. She leaves enough slack so Liz can pull her leg up and bend her knee. Once again she repeats her actions on Liz's right leg, leaving Liz tied down spread eagle on the bed.

"You naughty nasty vixen. How did you know this is one of my fantasies?"

Liz sighs and lays back, wondering what Chrissy is going to do next. She goes over to the cassette tape player/clock radio and puts in Deep Breakfast, soothing instrumental jazz music. Then she walks back to Liz's suitcase to gather a few other items. She lights a vanilla spice candle and places it on the table next to the bed.

'This is gonna be so much fun!!'

Feather in hand, Chrissy slowly circles Liz's breasts with the tip. In a winding fashion from the outside in she twirls the feather until Liz is wiggling, trying to avoid the inevitable. The feather reaches her nipple and Liz gasps and giggles.

"That tickles, damnit!!"

Chrissy slips an ice cube into her mouth and then leans down to take Liz's nipple into it.

"AAAHHH!! That's cold!!"

Chrissy draws the nipple into her mouth and sucks hard on it. The blood rushes to the tip and it becomes engorged.

"Ohhh, that feels so good. Bite my nipple. Yeah! Bite it!!"

Chrissy takes an ice cube in hand and rubs it all over Liz's breast. Then she reaches over and takes the burning candle. She lets a couple drops of hot wax fall onto Liz's breast where the melted ice cube has left a sheen of water and returns the candle to the table.

"OOOWWWWWEEEE! What the FUCK???"

Liz tries to pull her hand towards her breast to cover it, but can't due to the bonds that tie her.

"What are you doing?"

"Don't you trust me???"

Liz closes her mouth as Chrissy kisses her. She can't hold back her affection for long, as her passion is burning over. For some odd reason the pain of the ice and wax has really turned her on.

Chrissy repeats her actions on Liz's other breast, twirling her ice-cold tongue on the nipple, nipping and suckling it until it is engorged, straining to become more erect.

"Damn! That is exquisite! Mmmmmmm!"

She ices down the entire breast and then lets hot wax droplets fall. As Liz writhes in the mixed agony and pleasure Chrissy lets her hands graze down to her nether region.

"Kiss my pussy, please. I need you to kiss it. Make me cum. Let me cum. I need to cum. You have me so hot!! Yes!! Kiss my pussy!!"

Chrissy kisses a trail down her body, purposely avoiding her nest. She kisses above her mound and her inner thighs. Down her legs, licking behind her knees again. Her hands caress Liz's body with an ethereal touch.

"You are such a fucking tease!!"

"Yep, you know it."

Bringing the feather to Liz's feet she tickles her lightly, alternating between pleasure, pain and irritation. Liz's pussy is wet and ready for action, but Chrissy denies her, taunting her more.

"Please, what do you want me to do? Beg? I'm begging you! Please. Just touch my cunt, just once. I have to feel you touch it. PLEASE!!"

Chrissy laughs and puts an ice cube in her mouth. She deliberately takes her time making her way from Liz's feet to her box, kissing here and there; first her thigh, then her calf, moving up and down to confuse the blindfolded vamp. Liz is whimpering and writhing in the bed, pulling against her restraints.

"Please, please. Why are you doing this to me? Why? My clit is pounding, quivering in anticipation. I can't stand this! You have got to touch me there. I can't take it anymore! Please!!"

'Fuck! Why won't she let me cum? I NEED to cum!'

Chrissy kisses the smooth skin of her cute cunnie and Liz sighs audibly. The ice cube is almost completely melted in her mouth and as she opens the lips in front of her she puts the ice cube in her teeth. She spreads her cunt lips with the ice cube, sending a shiver down Liz's spine.

"Whhhhaaattt is tthhhaaaattttt??? It's COLD!!"

Chrissy inserts the remaining sliver of ice inside Liz's steaming hole, and it melts immediately.

"Ooohhh!!"

Putting a mint meltaway(tm) in her mouth, Chrissy licks the throbbing button of flesh in front of her. It is out of its sheath, ready and waiting to be manipulated.

"What are you doing now? That feels...like...I can't describe it. Tingly? Prickly? Minty?"

She grasps the button with her teeth and grinds it between them, very lightly. Liz moans, enjoying the sensation. As she lets the nub go, she moves her mouth to kiss the crease of Liz's groin, right above her pubic bone. She sucks on the skin, giving Liz a small hickey right near the joining of her mound and thigh. She licks down her thigh and back up her inner thigh until she reaches the apex again. Licking the outer lips she teases Liz horribly, making her burn with desire.

"Oooohhhh, yes! Please, lick my pussy!! I want you to eat me raw!!"

She slowly spreads her outer lips, rubbing the unseen clit in the process. Licking the sides of her inner lips, sucking them into her mouth Chrissy reaches one hand up to Liz's pert tits, grasping a nipple in hand.
