 I had been chatting with Mark online now for a couple of months. We had shared some intimate stories and had more than once made each other extremely horny by sharing our secret fantasies. Once Mark had actually "talked me through" a wonderful session of playing with myself, as he told me what to do with my fingers and how to touch myself. It ended with an amazing orgasm for me as I sat in my computer chair. Hopefully one day soon, I can do the same for Mark 

Mark and I knew each other well, both by having been friends for over 20 years but also from the detailed and often very suggestive conversations we had been having lately.

I wanted to send Mark some photos to add to the intrigue and bring life to our fantasy stories. Mark loved breasts of all kinds, so I thought this was a good place to start.

I had taken a few modest cleavage shots of myself but the lighting wasn't good and I found it was very hard to take pictures of yourself. I sent them to Mark anyway to see his reaction. Mark seemed very impressed with them even though they were not of great quality. This was encouraging and made me want to take some more daring shots.

I had a dilemma though, as I knew I couldn't take good photos myself and wondered whether I should ask a girlfriend of mine if she would help me take them.

I rang Jane and asked her even though I was a bit nervous, and she just said "Sure Robin of course! I'll come around tonight at 7pm."

"Well that was easy!" I thought.

I wasn't sure how Jane would react to my request, as we had never done anything like this before.

Jane arrived just after 7 wearing a pretty pink shirt and tight painted on jeans. Jane was quite a tiny build but had a very nice ass and a lovely set of perky breasts. I opened a bottle of champagne and we sat down to enjoy a glass each, while we chatted about the day. I couldn't help but notice that Jane wasn't wearing a bra and under her shirt, my eyes kept returning to the spot where the darker outline of her areola would be, just under the fabric. I wasn't sure if I could actually see the dark area around her nipples or whether it was just my imagination but I couldn't stop looking either way. 

Jane always looked great and tonight was no exception. She had been a stripper herself many years before and she still had a body to die for. Long legs with a really cute ass and breasts that were smaller than mine but firm and perky. Her shirt was stretched across her breasts teasingly, making the buttons gape in places.

I watched Jane's cute butt, as she moved to the kitchen to place her glass in the sink. As she bent over I caught a glimpse of a g-string above her jeans at the back, and was amazed at the rush of heat that I felt run through my body.

We had discussed a few ideas for the photos and Jane said she knew what I wanted to achieve and had a few ideas of her own. We moved to my bedroom and looked through my lingerie and we picked out a black lacy camisole and matching knickers to start with.  

I thought Jane would leave the room as I changed but was surprised and more than a little aroused when she stayed and watched me as I undressed. She passed me the knickers and helped me to put them on, pulling them up over my hips. Then she helped me to slip the camisole over my head. 

"You look hot! And I always knew you would have gorgeous breasts!" Jane told me as she helped me to straighten the camisole, brushing my now erect nipples with her hand as she went. 

We took a few photos, giggling as we went, trying different poses and positions and checking the display screen on the camera to see what they looked like. Mostly they were cleavage shots and quite good but it wasn't quite what I was after.

"These are nice but I want something hotter for Mark." I told Jane. She just smiled and said that she had an idea. 

"Put that new white t-shirt on that you bought yesterday and we'll wet it and see what sort of photos it makes!"

That sounded like a great idea so Jane helped me to undress again, lifting the camisole up off over my head. Jane was obviously enjoying herself too now as her gaze lingered on my bare breasts and I could sense her arousal.

I dressed in the white t-shirt and we moved to the bathroom, Jane turned the shower on and I hopped under. The water was cold and I shivered, and soon I was soaking wet and the t-shirt became see-through as expected. I turned off the water and hopped out. I looked in the mirror, seeing the wet t-shirt clinging to my ample d-cup breasts and my very erect nipples under the fabric. Water dripping down over my thighs and on to the floor below.

Jane just stood looking at me and said "Mark is going to go crazy when he sees these photos! I know I like them already!" 

I wondered if she was having as good a time taking the photos as I was posing in front of her. 

We took a few more photos and decided to move to my bedroom for some different lighting. 

"Guys love it when you touch yourself." Jane said, as she asked me to hold my breasts teasingly in my hands. I wasn't sure if I was doing it right, so I asked her to show me. 

"Sure, I'd love to!" Jane said as she put the camera down on my bedside table. I thought Jane would show me what she meant as we were, but was pleasantly surprised, as I sat on the bed, and watched as Jane started to unbutton her shirt exposing more and more of the tender white flesh and curves of her cleavage. Then when she was finished she removed the shirt and let her beautiful breasts fall free. 

"Come and I'll show you what I mean." Jane said to me as she motioned for me to stand and come closer.

I stood in front of her with my wet t-shirt touching her bare breasts and felt her nipples harden against mine.

"Mmmm" Jane moaned. I think we can do better than take some photos tonight, our breasts look amazing together pushed against your wet t-shirt."

I had to agree that I had the same thought myself. I reached up as Jane was taller than me and tilted my head to move closer to her mouth. Our lips met and we kissed tenderly and intimately, exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. Her lips were so soft and warm and I could taste her lip-gloss mixed with her sweet saliva.

I ran my fingertips down her face, across her lips to her neck and shoulders and down to touch the top of her beautiful breasts and round the sides and caressed them gently. I placed little butterfly kisses along her neck and down her shoulders, towards her breasts. Feeling her breasts rise and fall with each breath. I reached her nipples with my mouth and kissed them softly, letting my tongue lick and explore the soft flesh around her nipples, feeling them harden and contract under my caresses. Jane also had found my ample breasts and was squeezing them and exploring them with her hands and soft fingers and rubbing her thumbs across my nipples to make them erect under the wet t-shirt. 

Jane reached down and lifted my wet t-shirt off over my head and immediately bent to place soft kisses on my breasts and around my nipples, caressing the cool flesh at the same time with her hands. We both massaged and fondled each other's breasts with our hands and our mouths, taking turns to lick, nuzzle and suck on each other's breasts and draw the nipple into our mouths. Jane was moaning now and had her eyes closed and I knew she was enjoying this as much as I was.

Jane had told me that she had been with other women before but this was the first time for me, so as first times go, everything was enhanced, every tiny little touch and well placed kiss from her lips was driving me crazy and felt absolutely incredible.

I loved the feel of her soft skin next to mine. To touch and caress her supple breasts and to feel her nipples harden under my caresses. To kiss her gently on the lips and slowly kiss her neck and down her shoulders. To feel her body, different from a man's -- soft, warm and tender, the tiny veins showing through her pale skin and across her breasts. I had no idea that kissing a woman would feel so wonderful and so terribly romantic; so beautiful and so natural. It was as though we both instinctively knew what each other wanted and enjoyed without having to ask, just by feeling and touching with our fingers, mouths and tongues. I listened to her breathing and could tell when it changed slightly and knew that she was enjoying my touch and wanting me to explore her body further.

The tenderness between us was incredible and I was more aroused than I had felt in a long time.

I knelt down in front of Jane and undid her jeans and slid them down her long legs and on to the floor. Her g-string was pink and very pretty and didn't hide much of her freshly shaved pussy. I could smell her now and the smell was intoxicating and I noticed that her panties were damp, as I knew mine were too, and not from the shower.

I placed little kisses along her belly and down her thighs, teasing her with my tongue and lips and listened to her moan as she ran her fingers through my long hair and fondled my breasts. 

I explored her body softly with my lips, barely touching her and kissed along the top of her panties and down her legs. Purposefully avoiding her hot and wet pussy.

I reached around with my hands and felt her tight butt cheeks and squeezed them playfully and ran my fingers down her crack and along the top of her thighs. I reached under her g-string with my fingers and slowly started to slide it down over her hips, exposing her beautiful pussy to me now fully. I removed her panties leaving Jane standing naked in front of me and asked Jane to lay down on the bed. I stood and removed my own panties seductively, as I gazed at Jane's wonderful naked body and imagined what I wanted to do next. 

I climbed onto the bed and lay next to Jane, side by side -- our legs and thighs and breasts touching intimately. My bedspread is made of satin, which felt cool and slippery against our naked flesh. The feel of our soft, warm bodies touching was incredible and again our lips met and we kissed intimately and deeply pushing our breasts up against one another and feeling our bodies melt into one. 

Our hands roamed wildly; across breasts and hips and bottom both searching for more. I reached down and found Jane's wonderfully wet pussy and slid my fingers down, parting her soft lips and down to her wet hole. She was incredibly wet and slippery and I could feel her juices coating my fingers. 

Jane lifted her top leg and opened her legs for me and gasped as my fingers easily slid inside and explored her warm, delicious hole. Jane felt wonderful as I moved my fingers inside her. 

"I want to feel you too!" Jane breathed heavily as she kissed me again and ran her hands down my body, over my breasts, until she found my pussy. We were both so incredibly wet and turned on and started to explore and fondle each other's bodies. Jane parted the lips of my pussy and ran her fingers teasingly around my clit and down towards my hole. I wanted so much for her to slide her fingers inside me and I pushed my hips towards her, urging her to do more. Jane found my hole and slid one, then two fingers inside me and we both teased and explored each others pussies while we kissed deeply using our tongues and mouths in long wet, deep kisses. 

We were both enjoying ourselves, taking it in turns to pleasure each other and playing little games which each other's bodies. When Jane slid her fingers deep inside me, I would do the same to her. Occasionally we would swap so that we were fingering ourselves, so the other could watch and see how we liked to be touched and teased; how we moved and groaned as we pleasured ourselves. 

We would lick each other's fingers clean and then we would resume our playful explorations of each other, mingling our juices inside each other's pussy's. We both found each others clit's and were rubbing them with our fingertips and enjoying the sound of mutual wetness, sliding and slurping against each others fingers. We were both pushing our hips towards the other; our bodies craving for more, I knew by our moans that we were both reaching climax quickly.

I stopped Jane and she looked at me disappointed but I just smiled and climbed up the bed and turned around and moved on top of her, so that we were in the 69 position and told Jane that I wanted to eat her.

She smiled and nodded and we both obliged by hungrily finding each other's pussies with our mouths. We buried our faces into each other and began to lick and tease the lips with our tongues. Separating them with long wet strokes and rubbing our clits with our tongues in small circular motions. My fingers were sliding in and out of Jane's wet hole as I worked around the inside of her lips with my tongue. I had no idea how good Jane would taste and wanted to taste her even more. I found her now dripping hole with my tongue and slid it inside her, feeling her arch her back as I did. I quickly rubbed Jane's clit underneath my fingers as I probed her hole with my tongue and felt Jane slide her tongue along my clit and then down to my own wet hole and inside. I felt dizzy from the rush of heat that was quickly coursing through my pelvis. We both groaned out loud as we pushed our pussies deeper onto our probing tongues and fingers and felt the wonderful mutual spasms shoot through us, driving us both into an incredibly powerful orgasm. The feel of Jane's juices running hot and sweet over my face and mouth was amazing and I licked and sucked her pussy as she did to me, until we were both finished.

We fell down on the bed together, panting and flushed from the intense heat we had just experienced and cuddled and caressed each other tenderly.

After a while Jane said sleepily "What about the photos for Mark?" We both giggled.

"How about next time we ask Mark to come over and take his own photos?" I asked Jane cheekily.

"Mmmmm, we could do that!" Was all that she said...