 Synopsis: Kimberley gets accepted into the sorority of her dreams, though it is not exactly like she had imagined. Soon, she realizes exactly what being a part of this sorority entails.

Author's Note: I finally finished the sorority story I've always wanted to write. This story is the background for K.A.M.A. Combat, though you can read that on it's own. We now return you to your regularly-scheduled disclaimer...

This story contains explicit sexual activities including extensive female-on-female incidents and toys. If this type of material offends you in any way or you are not of legal age to be reading this material, please stop reading, delete all bookmarks leading to this website, and tell your parents that you should be immediately grounded for browsing an adult site such as this.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Dear Ms. Destiny,

As the head counselor at Pi Mu Sigma, I am sure you may have a lot to do, so I must thank you for taking the time to read this letter. I am sending you this to thank you for allowing me to be interviewed by someone as wonderful as you. I am sure I will make you proud. If I have learned one thing in my life so far, it is that you should always try your best at everything, and I am sure that I will learn many other lessons if I get accepted at Pi Mu Sigma. Thanks again! Sincerely,

Kimberley Summers

"Well, Kimberley," says Ms. Destiny, "I'm sure you will make a fine addition to our sorority."

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Oh my God, I can't believe it!

Today I get my interview with the head counselor of Pi Mu Sigma, the sorority I've been dreaming about becoming a part of since I first heard about it from one of the Seniors at my high school.

Anyway, I'm already dressed for the interview in a dazzling red dress that sparkles and I can't wait to show it off to the head counselor. I let my long, smooth, brown hair flow down behind me and I am wearing my favorite earrings to bring out the color in my blueish-green eyes.

As I walk towards the door to Pi Mu Sigma, I break out in a nervous sweat. I begin dripping onto the pavement and I can't believe I am so nervous right now. I stand outside and let the summer breeze cool me off and wipe the sweat from my head and shake my arm towards the ground, letting the sweat fly off my hand.

I open the door and walk inside, instantly baffled by what I am seeing before me. It looks just like I imagined it would. There was an enormous staircase in the center of the room that splits at the top to lead to two different wings of the building. I look to my left and see two doors, both of them had a golden-colored plaque with a number on them, twelve and thirty-seven.

I look to my right and see two more doors, also with golden plaques on them. The left one said "Administration" while the right one said "Office of Requests." Since I want to be a part of this sorority, I walk over to the door labeled "Administration."

I open the door and peek my head inside, looking around and noticing the desk in the back of the room. Sitting at it is a beautiful woman. She has long, blonde hair, with bright blue eyes and a perfect body. Her waist is very slim and she has the perfect hourglass figure with at least D-cup breasts. I look up at her face and she is smiling and I notice her glossy red lipstick shining in the light.

"Hello," she says. "You must be Kimberley."

I blush at the fact that she already knows my name and I giggle.

"Please, call me Kim," I answer," and that means that you must be Ms. Destiny, right?"

Her smile never goes away as she says "I am, but you can call me Mistress. Have a seat."

"Ar.... are you kidding?" I ask her with a rumble of nervousness in my voice.

"No, I'm serious. Please have a seat."

"I mean about the 'Mistress' thing. You were joking, right?" I ask as I sit in a black fluffy chair in front of her desk.

She laughs out, "Of course, Kim. That's just a little joke I play with all of my soon-to-be new members here at PMS."

"Uh... PMS?" I say with a questioning look upon my face.

"It's the initials for Pi Mu Sigma. Didn't you know that, Kim?" she declares.

"Uh, yeah," I say. "Of course!"

"Good," she tells me, "but you probably didn't come here to listen to me talk. What are you here for, Kim?"

"W... Well," I stutter, "I came because, uh... I probably already said this in my letter.... well... if you got it, that is."

"I got your letter, but I wanted to hear you say it in your own voice."

"I came here to be interviewed to become a member of Pi Mu Sigma."

"And why do you want to be a member of PMS?" she asks me.

"Because I've been dreaming of becoming a member ever since I first heard about how wonderful it was from some upperclass girls when I was a freshmen in high school," I tell her.

Her smile gets a bit wider and she says "Well, it sounds like you've wanted to be a part of this sorority for a long time now."

"Oh, I have," I said, "for almost four years now."

She leaned over her desk towards me, letting her breasts almost fall out of her tight blue top that I noticed was just a bit too tight.

"Look, Kim," she tells me in a more serious voice, "at PMS, we can't just have anyone waltzing into our sorority and joining at the drop of a hat. We have rules to follow, and those rules include making sure that we pick the best girls to be in this sorority. Do you think you're up to the challenge, Kimberley?"

"I was born ready!" I shout out way too loudly.

"Good," she says. "And are you ready for the test that I must give you to make sure you're ready for this sorority?"

"I..."

"Once you say 'yes,' you can't back out," she tells me.

"I'll do anything to be in this sorority." I tell her.

"Take off your clothes," she says, completely serious.

"What?" I ask to make sure I heard correctly.

She stands up and walks over to me, standing in front of me.

"Take off your clothes if you want to be a part of this sorority."

"But..." I stutter again, "why?"

"Every girl in this sorority is drop-dead sexy and every girl in here does exactly what's expected of her at any time. What I want you to do is exactly what's going to be required of you on an everyday basis. And trust me, you may think it's strange at first, but over time you will know in your heart that this is the place for you. Now please, Kim, take off your clothes."

I was afraid to say another word. I lifted up my arms and slipped my dress that I was wearing over my head and let it drop to the floor beside me. All I was wearing underneath it was a strapless red bra and a red thong to match. I slowly reached back and unhooked the clasp on my bra and let it drop to the floor as well, releasing my beautiful C-cup breasts for her eyes, topped with dark pink buds.

I looked up and saw her looking at my breasts with a sexual hunger that I never before saw in a woman. She suddenly looked back into my eyes, realizing that I was worried about going further and she gave me a look that told me I may not get in if I don't finish the job, so I then reached down and tucked my thumbs under the waistband of my panties. I lifted my butt up into the air to get them off easier, and soon they dropped to the floor as well.

There I was, butt naked, sitting in a chair with the head counselor looking down at me in lust. I couldn't believe that I had just voluntarily stripped in front of another woman simply because she told me to. But my worries turned to shock as she also began stripping in front of me. I watched as she unbuttoned each little button of her sky blue blouse and when she dropped it onto the floor, I gazed at her D-cup breasts with light red nipples, she was not wearing a bra.

My eyes followed her hands as she reached behind her back to unzip her black skirt. It dropped to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties either, and I unwillingly glanced at her pussy lips before I could turn my head away in time. By the time my head turned away to keep from looking at it, the quick image that I did see was seared into my memory and appeared in my mind.

"Noooo!" I shouted out. I would do anything to get that image out of my head.

I closed my eyes and covered my eyes with my hands. In my mind, I could still see the pink folds of skin between her legs, slightly wet and puffy from her arousal. A few seconds passed and I could feel the chair being moved and then I felt myself being straddled by her. I opened my eyes and looked towards her and I suddenly realized that her breasts were being shoved in my face. Each of my eyes were looking directly at the nipple that was in front of them.

She leaned closer to me and wrapped her arms around my head, talking sweetly to me about something like "It's gonna be all better soon" or something to that effect. It soothed me in a way that made me feel like a baby in my mother's arms. Without consciously willing it, I leaned forward and took her left nipple into my mouth, sucking gently, trying to drink the milk that I was sure was inside her breasts.

I quickly realized there was no milk there.

Very soon, I awoke from my dazed feelings and realized that I was sucking on the head counselor's nipple. I stopped sucking and opened my mouth, letting her nipple fall and her breast bounced. When I had thought about what I had just done, my eyes welled up and I began to cry softly.

"What's wrong, Kim?" cooed Ms. Destiny.

"I... I'm... straight. I... shouldn't be d... doing this" I could feel tears rolling down my cheek.

"Oh, now. Everything will be okay, Kim. Just relax and let your mind drift off to happier things..." eased Ms. Destiny, and just like that I was drifting back to that warm feeling of being in my mother's arms again. My tears stopped and I took her nipple back into my mouth, sucking gently. Even if there wasn't any milk, there was still the feeling of security.

I knew everything would be alright.

- - -

I awoke again to the sounds of Ms. Destiny on my lap screaming out an orgasm. I realized that I was not only sucking on her nipple, but somehow my hand had slipped down and was rubbing her pussy. Yet, for some reason, my mind was still in a state of warmth and security like before, so I continued sucking her nipple and rubbing her pussy, letting her ride out her orgasm.

Once she calmed down from what I did to her, I had no feelings of regret or sorrow like I had before. I knew that the woman in my lap was the most caring person in the world and I would do anything for her. I was about to thank her for that experience and leave, but then I heard her say something that made me almost jump out of the chair and scream myself.

"Kimberley Summers, welcome to Pi Mu Sigma."

Tears came back and rolled down my face. It felt like my smile stretched from ear to ear. I was happier now than I had ever been in my entire life.

She stood up and so did I. Ms. Destiny walked over to a small closet in the corner of the room and reached inside, pulling out a red silk gown that had a pink collar. She walked back over to me and wrapped it around my body. My arms slipped through the long, silky sleeves and the rest of it draped down my body, all the way to the floor. She then pulled a belt from the only pocket it had in the front, which was near my waist, and she wrapped the belt around my waist and tied it in the front.

I loved how the fabric felt on my nipples, it made them get hard almost instantly.

After the belt was tied to keep the gown from falling down, Ms. Destiny stood up and walked back over to get dressed and sit down at her desk. I walked over and picked my clothes up from the ground, then I set them on top of her desk.

"Oh, just set them in the laundry basket in the closet," said Ms. Destiny.

I walked over to he open closet and I glanced down, instantly noticing the large round basket sitting at the bottom of the closet. I let my clothes tumble from my hands into the basket and I walk back to the desk and sit in the chair again.

"So," I say, "what do I do now?"

She hands me a little round white pin and she told me to attach it to my gown. Apparently all new members have to wear this pin to show the others that I have never before been a part of PMS. After that, she handed me a list of rooms that I'm supposed to go to and the times I'm supposed to be there. She also told me that since I'm fresh meat, that I'll be excused from missing what looks like the first three meetings. I walk over to the door and open it, then venture out and look for room 308, which is the room I'm supposed to be in right now. It takes me a few minutes, but the hallways are surprisingly easy to navigate through.

When I open the door to room 308, I see at least 23 girls throughout the room, some are laying down, some just standing around, others are sitting on a bed in the center of one wall, all are wearing red gowns with pink collars. I am the only one with a white pin. Every girl turns and looks at me at the same time, then it looks like they all notice my white pin and they smile. In unison, the ones that were laying down or sitting all stand up. Everyone walks over to me, with one girl coming even closer to me. She is a few inches taller than me with long, brown hair that curls a bit at the tips. Her face is very pretty and her skin is flawless. I noticed that her lips are very pink, yet she is wearing no lipstick. She has the figure of a model, but doesn't look unhealthy or anything. She looks like the perfect person to represent Pi Mu Sigma.

"Hi," she says in a cheery voice, "my name's Brittany. I see you're new to Pi Mu Sigma, so I guess I'll be your tour guide through the school. Now, you've obviously wandered through our campus to get here. Can you tell us a little bit about something you've seen so far that you've liked or not liked?"

"Well," I stammer, "I guess it sounds crazy, but I think I gave Ms. Destiny an orgasm when I first came into Pi Mu Sigma."

Everyone bursts out laughing, not to make fun of me, but it sounds more like there was a funny misunderstanding.

"Ha, well, you see," says Brittany, "that's just Ms. Destiny's way of saying 'hello' to her newest members. We've all been through that, but there is a reason for why she does that."

"She said it was because that was what would be expected of me on a daily basis," I say to Brittany.

"That's right," Brittany responds.

"So," I was curious, "that's really what you do here every day?"

"Not just every day," Brittany says, "but pretty much constantly. Let's show her, girls!"

Suddenly, every other girl in the room removes their gowns and Brittany gets behind me, shutting the door, then she reaches her arms around me and yanks off my belt, letting my gown fall to the floor immediately. Standing naked in a room full of girls, I think I like what is happening.

I feel Brittany's arms wrapping around me, her hands caressing my body, slipping behind me to rub all over my ass. Three girls attack my naked body from the front, two of the girls instantly wrapping their warm lips around each of my perky nipples, the other girl dropping to her knees to eat out my dripping twat. I moan at the feelings, my legs fail me and I drop to the floor, still being sexually overpowered by these four women.

The rest of the girls that aren't pleasuring me have all paired off, 69ing each other. Watching them do what is being done to me is so hot. I am closer to orgasm than ever right now. My mind shifts back to my encounter with Ms. Destiny just moments ago. I think I might like this sorority, it makes me feel so... so...

"OOOOHHHHHH!!!" I scream as my pussy quakes, my orgasm is more powerful than I have ever had before.

The attack on my pussy, breasts, and ass is not over, though. Brittany wets her finger with my flowing juices and she rubs her finger around the rim of my ass. She slips her finger inside me and swirls it around, pumping in and out a few times. The girls in front of me stop sucking on my breasts and begin rubbing and pinching my nipples inbetween their fingers instead. The girl licking my pussy focuses her assault on my clit, and is now pumping two fingers in and out of my hole.

I am driven to orgasm way faster than before. I moan again and bite my lip before I am able to scream again, I am sure that people outside of this room would be able to hear me if I did it again. My sexual fluids squirt out of my pussy, covering the fingers of the girl that finally stopped licking my swollen clit. I lay back on the floor, simply enjoying the experience.

The girls that were rubbing and pinching my nipples also stop along with Brittany, who pulls her finger out of my ass. However, I notice each of those girls looking at each other in the same way that Ms. Destiny looked at me earlier, that same hunger in their eyes. I look up at their pussies and I realize why. Each of the four girls have liquids running out of their pussies and down their legs from the excitement.

Brittany is kneeling right above my head, I can see her pussy easily, it is dripping small drops onto the floor. I reach my hand up and glide a finger along her slit, letting the juices collect on my finger and then I smear them back over her pussy as I reverse direction until my finger is back where it started. I see her shiver and she looks down into my eyes. With only the look on my face, I encourage her to crawl forward until her pussy is over my face. Brittany lowers her pussy until my tongue can just barely brush over her outer lips. She gasps and a drop of her juices falls onto my lips. I open my mouth and grab that drop with my tongue, drawing it into my mouth and swallowing the delicious nectar.

I wrap my hands around her legs and pull her lower so that my tongue is able to dig deep into her twat, scooping out every drop of her sweet juices that her pussy expels. Reaching deep into her twat with my tongue, I curl my tongue a bit at the tip and rub the sides of her inner walls. She moans and flips her head back, so I do it again. Repeating this torture must have caused her to want to return the favor, because she soon bends over and starts licking my pussy in a similar way to the way I'm licking hers.

Even though I can't see anything right now except Brittany's ass, I am still enjoying what is happening right now. I reach down and use my hands to rub Brittany's nipples (even though I can't see them) and cause her to moan again. Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye I see a long, translucent red, rubber dildo being rubbed around Brittany's ass, then slipping inside the hole. Brittany lifts her head from my pussy and moans loudly, either in shock from the foreign feeling or in pleasure from the feel of it inside of her.

Watching the long dildo pump in and out of her is soooo hot. My pussy gushes at the thought of that monster being inside me instead. I lash at her pussy with longer strokes than before, stopping a few times to strum her clit with my tongue for a change of pace. She moans again and thrusts her hips into my face, drenching my face in her juices. It also looked like when she thrust her hips into my face, the muscles in her ass squeezed the pumping dildo inside of her and it caused her to orgasm on the spot. I was still eating her out, my mouth was flooded with her essence.

Her orgasm triggered my own, and I can literally feel the muscles in my pussy flexing. Brittany kept going and attempted to lick up all of my juices, though I would have thought it impossible with the amount of love juice that I was positive that I was spilling out.

We kept going like that for what seemed like hours.

Suddenly, I hear a familiar voice.

"So, Kim, do you like it here at PMS?" Ms. Destiny says to me.

"I love it here," I say, looking up at her, then looking around at all the girls throughout the room. Brittany was across the room licking some other girl's pussy, she has been there for a few minutes now.
