 As long as I can remember, I have been the spoiled one in my family. I am the only daughter of an only child and my older brother was killed in a car accident when I was ten. After that I was sent to live with my grandparents and I decided to move in with them during college. 

I was riding in my grandpa's pickup with my grandpa, second cousin and one of the neighbors. It was an old pickup with only three seats and seatbelts. The neighbor was a girl named Leena. She was eighteen at the time and one of my closest friends. She was an absolute sweetheart and had volunteered to sit on my lap during the drive into town so that everyone could go. 

Leena was a petite girl, about five foot two. We had been the same height since we were teenagers. She had gorgeous long brown hair and piercing green eyes. Her soft pink lips always seemed to curl up in a half smile, probably because she knew EVERYONE that saw her found her to be beautiful. Her petite frame sported a full C cup and a great set of hips. Her waist was small and her ass the perfect round shape but not too big.

At that moment, this amazing woman was straddling my upper thigh. Every time the old pickup hit a bump, she shifted. She had started sliding back farther into my lap. Ever so slowly she moved her hips back until her ass was resting against my hands. She casually leaned forward and put her hands on the dashboard. That slight move pressed her hot pussy directly against my already warm skin.

I thanked god that we were almost into town. I was ready to start ripping her clothes off and take her. We pulled into the parking lot at the tractor supply and my grandpa and cousin got out. Leena murmured that we were staying in the truck, and I didn't argue. We watched my family members walk away and as soon as they were through the doorway she leaned back against me.

"You should put your legs together you know. It's unladylike to sit with your thighs spread like that." Leena whispered this and looked at me with a smile. I kissed her softly on the neck just to judge her reaction. She tilted her head back farther and onto my shoulder.

She looked at me with a grin and said, "I want you to come over tonight. I know you have a date with Justin, but leave him alone this once."

"I...I dont know if i can...I want to..Its just.." I was afraid I was somehow misinterpreting this and only hearing what I wanted to.

"please? There are things i want to do to you that I cannot do in this truck." She smiled and pleaded with her eyes. I gave in immediately and kissed the back of her neck. I couldnt help but to give her nice ass a gentle squeeze. As my hand slid away she pushed my legs apart. She put her hands on my thighs and rubbed her ass against my thighs, then my pussy. My jeans were very worn from working on the farm and they were rather thin. I had decided not to wear any underwear so the only thing seperating us was two thin layers of cotton. Her jeans and mine. I could tell she was wearing a very small thong. I hooked my finger in one of the strings and slid my hand as far down as her pants would allow. She was making it harder by moving her hips back and against my pussy. I reached under her shirt and got two wonderful handfuls of her amazing tits. I gently rubbed her nipples and squeezed her breasts. She was moaning softly and rubbing every part of me she could get at.

"God," Leena moaned, "I haven't been touched like this for a long time. This feels so amazing..." She trailed off and her breathing got heavy as I unzipped her pants. I slid my hand down, down, down, all the way to her pussy. I found her hot slit, and dipped a finger in. I gently put one finger between her lips and slid it in. She was incredibly tight. I pulled my finger out and moved my hand up until I found her clit. It was round and plump and very erect. I rubbed it in a circular motion until her hips bucked against my fingers. I stopped until she moaned and pushed against me. I pressed on her sensitive little button until she was moaning and shaking. I started rubbing it faster making her hips buck wildly against my hand. Her fingers were digging into my thigh as she held on tight. After less than a minute she gave a loud moanand shoved her hips back against my dripping cunt. 

"No more, please," she begged, "I can't take this in here! What if we get caught?"

I slid my hand out of her jeans and slowly licked her juices from my finger. She turned so she was facing me and she zipped her jeans. She leaned forward and kissed me softly. Her lips spread mine apart and her tongue slipped into my mouth. It was my turn to moan and I grabbed her amazing ass. I pulled her tight against my body and started moving my hips against hers. Our kiss lasted forever but we knew we had to stop before we got caught. We slowly pulled apart and she moved into the seat next to me. We barely talked for the next few minutes until my uncle came out of the store. He threw some bags into the pickup bed and climbed in. He said my cousin saw a friend and was going to come home later. I told him I was staying the night with Leena and he just smiled and nodded. My family must have seen this coming for a long time. He knew because Leena and I had never spent the night together before.

The ride home was difficult. I just wanted to tear Leena's clothes off and spread her beautiful thighs apart. As soon as we arrived back at the farmhouse Leena and I went to my room to get some "stuff". We reached the top of the stairs and I stole a kiss just inside my bedroom door. I pushed her onto the bed and straddled her. I gently grabbed her wrists and pinned her arms above her head. I kissed her firmly and made sure I was in control. I got distracted by her tongue and her arms slipped free. She rolled over and pinned my whole body. 

She looked directly into my soul and said in her smoky and sexy voice, "I want to go to my place so I can fuck you on the kitchen table."