 Let me tell you about the best lover I've ever had. She's kind of chubby and not much to look at, but she knows exactly what it takes to make me come. When I'm not in the mood she leaves me alone, but when I'm hot and ready she goes right to work. We've been having a red-hot affair for years and years and I still love to see the horny little grin on her face -- every time I look in the mirror.

The two of us have never been very discreet and I always figured that our lack of restraint would come back to haunt us some day. It finally happened a couple of months ago and I will get to that story in a while. But first, I think you will enjoy the story of how we got acquainted in the first place

We met at an all-girls Catholic boarding school right after I turned fourteen. My parents had never talked to me about sex, but I could see that I was developing breasts and hips and hair on my pussy. I had also begun to notice that, when I showered with the other girls, I was experiencing oddly pleasant feelings between my legs. And I kept having those feelings again and again because I simply couldn't keep my eyes off the firm breasts, perky nipples and triangles of pubic hair right there in front of me.

But then one day in the shower I noticed that the feelings got better and better while I was rubbing my pussy with my soapy hand. It soon got so good that I didn't want to stop, but I knew that I had to. I toweled myself off and went back to my room and found myself alone. I lay on my bed and started rubbing my pussy some more. And it just kept feeling better and better -- way beyond anything I had ever felt before.

I soon found myself spreading my legs in a most unladylike way. I was shocked at myself, but couldn't stop what I was doing. My pussy had gotten soaking wet and I could feel the slick juice all over my fingers as I rubbed myself harder and faster. As my arousal reached an indescribable peak nothing seemed to exist except the amazing sensations between my legs. Finally a huge electric thrill engulfed my entire body and I let out a loud moan of pleasure as I climaxed for the first time in my life. I was bathed in sheer ecstasy and kept coming again and again and again until I finally stopped from sheer exhaustion.

I spent the next few days scared to death that the steely-eyed nuns, in their old-fashioned black habits, would know what I had done just by looking at me. But nothing seemed to change and, needless to say, I was hooked. I now knew exactly what to do when the sight of all those tits and pussies gave me that special itch between my legs -- and did I ever love to scratch it! I soon found myself getting wet just by thinking about the girls in the shower and I would do myself several times a day when I could find some privacy. 

But eventually I ran into a string of days when I was never alone. I was hopelessly horny and was becoming desperate. It was particularly difficult in Algebra class where I sat next to a big beautiful well-developed Black girl named Tanya. All I could think about was the way her huge magnificent boobs, topped by wide jet-black nipples, swung back and forth in the shower. I finally had to stuff toilet paper into my panties before class. 

Desperate times demanded desperate measures and I finally couldn't wait any longer. So I threw caution to the winds and started playing with myself in the shower when no one else seemed to be around. I was so horny and the jerking off felt so good that I was soon off in my own little world. I desperately stifled my cry when I felt the blissful contractions between my legs and then, after a minute, I opened my eyes. Standing right in front of me was Sister Margaret Claire. She was younger than most of the nuns, but, like the rest of them, could be as quiet as a ghost when she wanted to be. I turned red as a beet and covered myself up, but, much to my surprise, she smiled.

"You have nothing to be ashamed of Louise," she said. "You did something that is completely natural. Would you be shocked if I told you that I do it too?"

The truthful answer would have been yes. It had never even occurred to me that the Sisters had bodies under their habits. But she had a gleam in her eye that told me to say no.

"Do you know that some women enjoy looking at other women's bodies?" she asked.

"I guess so Sister," I stammered.

"Would you like see my body?" 

I had a spasm between my legs that was so powerful that I had to lean against the tile wall to keep my knees from buckling. I could feel my pussy starting to throb again.

"Yes Sister," I stammered again.

"Then meet me in the chapel tomorrow during gym class. Just say you are feeling ill." 

She turned around and swept out and I staggered back to my room. I was overjoyed to see that for the first time in days I was alone. I instantly lay on the bed, spread my legs and started to masturbate. And I was now using a new trick that made it feel even better. I wet my finger in my mouth and slid it into my asshole as I rubbed my swollen clit with the other hand. As I fantasized about Sister's naked body under the habit I was overwhelmed by a series of huge climaxes that left me breathless.

I had never looked forward to anything so much in my life. Every time I would think about Sister Margaret Claire I would become aroused. I even snuck into the hallway bathroom after lights out that night and masturbated as quietly as I could. I found myself alone again for a few minutes the next morning so I flopped on the bed fully clothed, hiked up my plaid school jumper, stuck my hand inside my panties and did it again. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, it was time for gym class. I told them I felt ill and went to the chapel -- with toilet paper stuffed inside my underwear.

Sister and I were alone in the chapel and she beckoned for me to follow her through a doorway hidden behind some drapes and up an unlit flight of stairs. She led me to a large oaken door and unlocked it. We went inside and she bolted the door behind us. The room contained a bed and little more.

Sister wasted no time. She slipped off her shoes and removed the black and white wimple and shawl which covered her head. I could now see she had very thick jet black hair and I felt a spasm between my legs as I began to imagine the hair on her pussy.

She removed the silver pectoral cross around her neck and pulled the black habit over her head. I could now see the outlines of her soft plump body for the first time. Beneath the habit she wore a camisole and half-slip which she quickly removed. She then pulled off a pair of black tights and the panties underneath and her pubic hair was more spectacular than I even could have imagined. The thick forest of long black curls went halfway up her belly

The last thing was her bra. She bent forward as she unhooked it and removed it from her large pendulous breasts. Her areolas were four inches across and her large bumpy pink nipples were hard as rocks. She took her breasts in her hands and closed her eyes as she squeezed her nipples hard. Then she did something that I will remember until the day I die. She lay back on the bed, opened her legs wide and spread her pussy lips for me. Her hairy cunt was swollen and glistening and her pussy lips framed her open vagina and her large beautiful erect clit.

I had never seen anything so exciting in my life and I suddenly found myself grabbing the wall for support as I came in my pants. That had never happened to me before and I was stunned at the power of the climax which washed over me without my even being touched.

Sister could see what had happened and she gently laughed. "You are a lucky girl Louise," she said. "Would you like to give me those feelings?"

I nodded yes.

"Kneel down and lick me," she said. "I think you'll like it too."

That turned out to be the understatement of the century. I kneeled in front of her and plunged my face into her hot wet pussy. Her musky scent was sweet and powerful and I was in heaven. I started licking her slowly at first and then faster and faster. When I got to her clit she whispered "That's my special place. Do it there Louise honey. Please. Don't stop."

I licked her steadily and insistently and finally she grabbed my head in her hands, arched her back and pulled me into her as she climaxed. She let out a moan of pure pleasure and squirted hot fragrant juices all over my face. I came in my pants again and collapsed between her large creamy white thighs.

We didn't have much more time so she quickly undressed me. She smiled gently and knowingly when she saw the wet tissues stuffed into my panties. She lay me on the bed and ate me out skillfully. She must have had telepathic powers because as I quickly got closer and closer she slipped a finger into my ass and I came like a wild animal bucking and thrashing as she licked me hard and slid her finger in and out.

I would have done it with Sister every day after that, but she kept it to about twice a week. She taught me a million things. She lovingly punctured my hymen so that I could enjoy the pleasure of her fingers and the amazing collection of dildos and vibrators she owned. She must have been registered at a sex boutique when she married Jesus Christ.

She even tried to convince me to become a nun. She told me that it was a pleasant life and that the number of horny lesbians underneath all those black habits would surprise me. I told her that nothing would surprise me any more, but that the religious life just wasn't for me. We made quite a scene at graduation as we hugged each other and cried like babies knowing that we would now have to be apart. We remained good friends, however, and have stayed in touch to this very day.

I went to college and law school and never lost one iota of my love for masturbation. I also discovered that when you are as orgasmic as I am you don't need to be Miss America to have plenty of girlfriends. I could come so hard and so often that I made women feel like they were the greatest lovers in the world. And I rarely failed to please them thanks to the many lessons taught me by Sister Margaret Claire.

I spent several years first at a small law firm and then in a corporate law department. Then I finally ended up in the perfect job for me. I can't say too much about it, but I work for the federal government in the field of security. The best part is that I have an office door that locks and a job that makes it perfectly normal to work behind locked doors.

You have probably figured out that working my pussy is an important part of my workday. Unless I am terribly busy or not feeling well, I lock my door a few times a day and get myself off. And am I ever shameless! When I get the urge I usually take off my shoes and pantyhose and sit in a small wing chair. I drape my legs over the arms of the chair and spread myself wide open. Sometimes I just use my fingers and sometimes I use a vibrator or a dildo, but I make myself come and then get back to work (until I get that itch between my legs again).

But after about a year on the job I received a phone call from Lucy Forrester, one of the highest ranking supervisors in the office. She asked me to see her the next morning without explaining why. I was ushered into her large plush office and she was sitting at her desk. She was a small woman with gray hair and dark intelligent eyes. I figured that she was in her late 50's.

"We have a situation," she said. She paused for a minute and I could see that she was struggling to find her next words. "Something is showing up in our surveillance and I frankly don't know exactly what to do about it. I want you to deal with it. You will understand why I am giving this to you rather than one of your male colleagues. You will have full power over the matter and you can handle it any way you think best."

She reached into her desk drawer and removed a videotape and a small file. "Read the file, watch this tape and then decide what you want to do. I am sure you will find it all self-explanatory."

I rode the elevator down to my floor and frankly couldn't wait to find out what this women-only problem might be. The personnel file belonged to Ruth Bolton, who worked in video surveillance at an office across town. Her job was to scan a number of TV monitors that displayed the ongoing activity in several secure areas. There was a photo in the file and she had a pleasant round face and light brown hair. She was about my age, early-thirties, and was single.

I locked my door, put the tape in my video machine and started to watch. I couldn't tell what was on her screens, but could see her looking from screen to screen and making an occasional note on a clipboard. Then she began to watch one screen intently. Soon she pulled up her dress and slipped her hand into her pantyhose. It was clear she was masturbating. She kept rubbing herself while she watched the screen and I could see that she was breathing faster and faster. Soon threw her head back and was obviously climaxing. After a minute she removed her hand from her pantyhose, sniffed her fingers, straightened her dress and went back to work.

As you can imagine, my hand instantly went inside my pantyhose. I came quick and hard from this incredibly erotic scene. And I now also understood Lucy's concern. She had probably gotten the tape from a nervous male surveillance officer who wisely wanted to distance himself from this situation as quickly as he could. Lucy was concerned not only for this woman's privacy, but also for the department's reputation if anything like this ever got out.

Lucy had given me total control over the situation so I immediately ordered that all surveillance tapes of Ms. Bolton be delivered only to me . I received a tape every day and would fast forward through it. Ms. Bolton was one hot lady and masturbated several times daily. I, of course, used her to help me do the same.

After a week of this delicious voyeurism I finally remembered that I was actually asked to do something about the situation. I knew that I needed to tell her to keep her hands out of her pants, but of course that made me feel like the world's biggest hypocrite. But my duty was clear so I drove across town to see her. I punched in the security code to admit me to her locked area and walked in. She turned around to see who it was and she let out a gasp when she saw me.

"I don't think we've met," I said, surprised at her unexpected reaction.

She opened her mouth, but she couldn't speak. She finally stammered "I'm really sorry."

"For what" I asked.

"For watching you," she said.

"Watching me"? Then it hit me like a ton of bricks. She had been watching ME while she was masturbating. I collapsed into a nearby chair.

We both sat there in shock and nothing was said for several minutes. She finally asked "how did you find out"?

"I didn't know until you just told me. I know this will come as a shock, but I was watching you too. Believe it or not, the reason I came over here was to tell you to stop playing with yourself. That's pretty funny."

Again nothing was said for a minute. And then the two of us, as if on cue, looked at each other and started laughing hysterically. It was so ludicrous! She had been jerking off watching me watch her jerking off and neither of us knew it. I was laughing so hard that my sides were starting to hurt and she had tears rolling down her face as she continued to howl. We laughed until we couldn't laugh any more.

I said "why should I be the least bit surprised that I was under surveillance? Ever since the Chinese thing broke I should have known that there would be no privacy any more."

Just then the door opened and in walked none other than Lucy Forrester herself. "I've turned off the surveillance cameras in here and coded the door lock so that no one can come in." 

She turned to me and gave me a wicked smile. "You certainly took your time getting around to doing what I asked you to do." 

I could feel myself blushing as she continued. "I know you two have figured out half the story and I'm here to tell you the rest."

She explained that she had secretly put surveillance cameras in all of the offices on my floor during the China scandal and monitored them herself. She said "I was so turned on by watching you Louise that I started masturbating in my office too. I love it! It makes me look forward to coming to work every day and I feel twenty years younger."

She then explained that, even before that, she had been looking at Ruth's surveillance tapes and noticed that Ruth had developed a habit of absent-mindedly squeezing her nipples through her clothes and then adjourning to the ladies' room. (Now it was Ruth's turn to blush.) So Lucy decided to see what would happen if she put me on one of Ruth's screens. Ruth, of course, never even made it to the ladies' room any more. Lucy then had the brilliant idea of putting me in charge of watching Ruth. 

"The two of you had me using so much Astroglide," Lucy said with a smile, "that I should have bought stock in the company."

Lucy tried to apologize for her manipulative behavior, but Ruth and I would have none of it. I knew my masturbating would come back to haunt me some day and Ruth said that "secretly" watching me had given her some of the best orgasms of her life. 

Lucy then reached into her handbag and took out a videotape. "Fair is fair," she said as she slipped the tape into a video machine which fed into Ruth's screens. One of the screens was now carrying an image of Lucy masturbating in her office.

"I taped myself doing it while watching the two of you," she said. "I figured under the circumstances you two deserved to see it and might enjoy it."

The tape had a sound track and the camera was pointed right at her pussy. She didn't have a young woman's body, but that made it even more exciting when I heard the liquidy noise of her hand working her cunt. Soon she closed her eyes, moved her hips and began making the beautiful noises that women make when they come.

I was soaking wet and couldn't restrain myself a moment longer. I kicked off my shoes, pulled off my panty hose, pulled up my dress and started to rub my pussy with my legs wide open. In a flash Lucy and Ruth were doing the same thing and the three of us masturbated together. Ruth came first and as she let out her cry Lucy orgasmed with a loud moan and then I climaxed powerfully too. We twinkled at each other after our breathing returned to normal and we each sniffed our fingers, as we had watched each other do so often.

The three of us have gotten together at Lucy's apartment many times after that. We also found the perfect way to keep our hands off ourselves -- we joyfully eat each other out. You may be wondering what it's like to eat a woman Lucy's age and let me tell you it is wonderful. I love her sweet scent and, thanks to her taking hormones, menopause hasn't slowed her down a bit and she comes every bit as hard as her two younger friends. 

We had agreed to erase all of the tapes, but there was an old debt I wanted to repay first. Few women had been more important in my life than Sister Margaret Claire and I wanted her to share the excitement of seeing these tapes. I knew that she would erase them immediately and was sure she would have the time of her life watching them. So I sent them off to her with a loving note and assumed that was the end of it. But it wasn't.

A week later a video arrived in the mail from Sister Margaret Claire. I put it into my machine and discovered it had a soundtrack. It began with a picture of the school and some Bach playing in the background.

Then the tape showed Sister Margaret Claire sitting on a lovely large bed. She proceeded to do the same striptease she had done while I was in school with the Bach still playing in the background. It made me laugh out loud. Piece by piece she removed the many layers and, although she was a little older and grayer than before, the look in her eye told me that she was every bit as hot.
