 Sally sat in the shaded area of the sidewalk café. The heat had her feeling drained she admitted to herself. This trip west had been a disaster from start to and, she cringed at the thought the finish was only two days away. Then it was home again. Mentally she shrugged. At least she could say she had been to California. However, she was not impressed at all. Too hot and too way out for her. Not to mention too let down too. 

She took another sip of her chilled iced fresh orange juice. The bastard. The fake blonde all lying Californian bastard. To lead her on.. "Sorry honey I never thought you would actually…" Ach, she stopped that circling train of thought. She was here, and determined to make something of it, to get some benefit from her hard earned cash.

She looked down the street to her left, idly watching the so unfamiliar traffic lights cycle straight from red to green, the unfamiliar everything she was observing. Even rain would be a nice change from the unremitting and to her still unfamiliar sun. She chuckled to herself, from a Scot that was quite an admission. The smell of exhaust fumes tickled her nostrils, making her wonder about the pollution levels. Wafts of fresh bread smells teased her taste buds in counterpoint.

Sally turned and looked the other way. There was a tall blonde girl striding towards her. How very all American the girl looked, her white mini skirt swinging with the rhythm of her long tanned thighs. Something was odd about this girl? Then her skirt flew up with the updraft from a sidewalk vent belonging to the bakery two stores up the street. The blonde was blonde right enough. A real blonde, or Sally thought with a mental giggle, she was dyeing high and low. Hurriedly she ended her Marilyn Monroe scene flushing at her display. She wore a woven cane shoulder bag and as she strode barefooted past, Sally saw the dress was neatly caught on the bag exposing her twinkling cheeks to all. She grabbed her camera and took a swift shot.

Then Sally spotted the anomaly that had caught her attention in the first place. On the girl's shoulder was a lizard. It turned it's head and displayed a scarlet frill then stuck out it's tongue at her. Sally laughed aloud and the girl turned to look back at her. Their eyes met and Sally had to, just had to say.

"Excuse me?" The girl paused. "Your skirt is rather caught in your bag. I'm afraid you're showing a bit more than you planned?"

The blonde laughed. Felt behind her and sorted her mini with a swift flick of her hand. 

"Hey, thanks hon, that was real kind of you. That's some accent you have. Not from about here, I guess then?"

"That's right. I'm not from here at all." Sally agreed. She was fed up of the usual ensuing conversations when she revealed her homeland. The blonde settled the lizard with a swift kiss and took the vacant chair at Sally's table.

"Hey, I hope you don't mind, but Lizzie here is thirsty I guess, and so am I. All right if we join you and perhaps I can get you another juice for your kindness to my ass." She grinned engagingly, showing perfect teeth to Sally. She leant forward offering her hand. "I'm Sonia and this is Lizzie, pleased to meet you hon, you're? The question hung for a moment, on the still, shimmering air.

Sally took the offered hand and shook gently. "Sally is I." 

Sonia ordered a juice and a glass of water from the arriving waitress, who took a backward step when she saw Sonia's pet.

"'Tis cool lady, Lizzie knows her manners. No ice for her though please. She don't like it." Turning to Sally as the waitress in some confusion left. "Now where in the world are you from. Let's see. Red hair, very pale, don't like the heat or the sun either huh. The hat says that." Nodding at Sally's broad brimmed straw hat. As Sally offered to speak. "Hey chill here, let me see if I can get this worked out. Hmm, okay I got it. You're Irish yes?"

Sally laughed. "Very close indeed, but I'm from Scotland not Ireland. Though on the evidence you are very nearly right and physically some Irish girls are just like me. So very good indeed, a clever piece of deduction."

Sonia grinned happily. "Well thank you, thanks a lot. Ah. Thank you," Said to the waitress who arrived with the drinks.

"You on a trip are you?" she toasted Sally with her glass. "Over to see the young country?"

Sally shook her head. "No, I came over to meet some net friends, and well it has been a bittie odd. Some good stuff and some not so.. " 

Sonia looked deeply impressed. ""Hell, all this way just to meet some internet folks? Wow. That's so brave. I mean I have friends all over but I never thought enough of them to go intercontinental visiting."

Sally grinned back at her. "Well, now I might agree with you. This has been a bit of a disaster." 

"Oh, now hon, how come? Sonia was disconcerted. She had no wish to get involved but her curiosity prompted her to inquire. Lizzie hissed, feeling the emotions.

"Oh just the usual a lying man, what else. He seemed so lovely and turned out to be a rat. Oh, all this way for nothing." She sniffed.

"There's no shortage of those for sure honey is there?"

"No, there are more than enough to go round. I've had more than my fair share I can tell you and this kissing frogs thing is just male propaganda let me tell you."

Giggling Sonia nodded agreement. "For sure hon, for sure. So your guys are as bad as ours huh?"

"Seemingly yes."

"Men, who needs them," she sighed. "What do you do like for a job. Must be a good one to come this far."

"I write about travel and illustrate my own work you know for magazines and stuff. Which is why I was tempted to come this far as I thought I could mix some pleasure and business, but so far it's neither."

"You take pictures: do you now." Sonia looked thoughtful. " Can I ask you something?

"If you want but there's no guarantee I'll answer. Sally tried to lighten things.

"Okay, sure but I want some pics taken and that is a digital camera you have ain't it? Cos if it is it would solve a bunch of problems for me. If you have the time that is?

"What pics do you want taken and have you a computer? My soft ware is just installed in my laptop you see. Could be a hassle that."

"No problem. If you can take them and zip them and just send them to my addy then we are up and running."

Sally nodded seeing the sense in the plan. "Yeah that’s nae bother as we say but what pics do you want taken?"

Sonia grinned at her cheerfully. "Me, all of me. Is all. For a dear friend who has been asking for long enough. This is too good a chance to miss. Here you are, a stranger, a friendly one too and just passing through with all the kit. It's perfect and saves all the troubles I've been worrying about. It's just perfect."

"Just hold on a minute here, I haven't' said anything about taking any pics yet and I am not really following you here. Are you saying you want me to shoot you umm bare?"

"Yeah, totally bare ass nude." Hurriedly she added, "I'm not bad looking and you won't mind will you?"

"Well, I really don't know about this." Although she was tempted. She knew she was. There was something a bit naughty about all of this and she was reacting to it too. There had been that time at that party. She drifted off in her thoughts only for Sonia to yank her back.

"Oh, come on do it for the hell of it. And hey? I don't swing that way so it's like safe okay?"

"Okay, yes I will. But where? You live about here somewhere?"

“Yep just a block a ways down here. And I do not mug my friends.” Said with a grin, a broad twinkling one that lit her pretty face. 

Charmed against her better judgement Sally smiled gently back. The clap of her delighted hands bothered Lizzie who hissed her/his disquiet. The pretty frill extended yet again, to shimmer in the sun.

After a moment she decided what the hell this was an adventure and she had always had a hankering to film a girl, she thought feminine curves so much more intriguing than the males abruptness. 

“Okay, you’re on. This is totally mad and I have my flight to catch tomorrow but yep: lets do it.” 

Sonia smiled. “Well thanks hon this is really good of you. Look, can I treat you to a meal in exchange? Some real get down low cooking? Are you booked for this evening at all?”

“No, I am rather unbooked actually.”

“All right, all right, lets go.” Standing up she fished in her purse and left a bill on the table. “K Lizzie, hang tight girl, you ready Sally? It’s just down here a ways.”

That turned out to be as she had promised just a block. Then Sally was guided into a very plush looking block of flats indeed. Her vague fears receded further. This was very stylish indeed. There was an elevator for the four floor block and they arrived at the top floor smoothly. Sonia guided her to the only door. 

“This is my pad whilst I’m here. Throwing open the door she added and it’s rather cool.”

Literally cool it certainly was, décor wise it was hot. Oranges and yellows burst on her eyes as she surveyed the space. Space that was the word, talk about open plan, sheesh this defined it and took it to the limits. Everything was open, bar now what in hell was that. It looked like a stainless steel ring, that the builders had carelessly left behind. The scents teased her. She sniffed analyzing. Ah, that was beeswax polish for sure, that was a tint of skincare lotion or oil and there was something else, she sniffed again, shook her head and opening her eyes that she had unconsciously closed she yelped. Lizzie was on her blouse studying her. So that was the odd smell it was the lizard. She giggled and handed the little creature back to Sonia. 

“Sorry she gave me a start there, I was trying to sort out the various scents, this smells just lovely. I love smells. Sort of a hobby: sorry.”

Sonia giggled. “Okay, and thanks and there are a lot of scents here aren’t there. Anything nasty? No? Great. Now let me show you this. I saw you wonder, it’s the bathroom. Come and look, it’s so cool. Really it is. She caught Sally by the hand and escorted her to the mirrored steel. A door wooshed open making Sally jump. Inside was a huge shower and next to it a toilet and lavish hand basin. To Sally’s astonishment Sonia whipped off her dress and standing straddled over the toilet, used her hand to guide her urine neatly into the bowl. She turned round to Sally grinning. 

“Neat trick huh?” I’m neater than some guys let me tell you. Not that is really saying so much.” She giggled. Sally half smiled. Looking at the neat tanned figure in front of her and none too sure of what was going on. Something was that much she did know. Yet she felt vaguely, what? She was something that she knew for sure.

Sonia snaked a hand into the shower did something and the roar of water sounded, beating with some force against the walls of the cubicle. 

“Hey, get stripped and lets shower. This is one hell of a thing.” 

Sally was quite sure it was but she was equally sure a shower was for one.

“Err, no thanks, I’ll wait for you, and then have one if you don’t mind?”

Shrugging Sonia opened a sliding door and vanished into the steam. Though the image of the neat breasts shrugging at her stayed with Sally for a long moment. Her panties felt very tight indeed. She took stock and admitted the situation was getting to her and she wouldn’t actually mind if she was honest. Hey this is my adventure damnit. She undressed, knocked on the door and asked,

“Room for another? A shy one?

“Hell girl come on in.” Was the unsurprising answer from the interior. Sally eased the door to her right and gaped at the multitude of water jets which at that point all seemed aimed at her. 

“Shit come in before we flood and sink.” Sally stepped over the sill and shut the door as instructed. Sonia was soaping her thighs, and nodded to the array of bottles of various sizes and shapes sitting on a shelf. “Help your self and get washing, some shower huh?” 

A seemingly roving jet of water caught Sally’s face before she could utter a word. Half blinded her foot slipped, she tottered, staggered and found herself against firm flesh. 

“Got you,” she heard and then. “God what dinky tits!” Sally felt herself flush. Her neatness as she thought of her boobs was a long standing bother to her. Then Sonia continued oblivious, “mine are small too and thank goodness, hey girl when we are getting on a bit we will still be up there and the others will be navel beating.” She giggled. “You okay now?” Sally nodded, not sure at all if she was or not, but she had her balance and that was a good start. 

“Hon? Do me a favour please? Can you scrub my feet, the darn side walks are black. So’s my tootsies. “ 

Sally nodded and took hold of the proffered left foot. She surveyed the bristled implements and found a familiar looking nail brush, the kind your hand fits into. The foot was in fact black. Soaping up the brush she took a firm grip or the ankle and set to. There was a shriek at the first rub and a wild cavorting of jerking flesh ending in Sally on top of Sonia under the deluge on the shower floor. Sally began to laugh. The daftness of it all suddenly hit her and she guffawed. As she laughed and Sonia joined in she was suddenly aware of how nice Sonia felt against her. They got themselves sorted out and ascertained there were no hurts. The tickly feet were dealt with, Sonia showing her how a firm pressure was not tickly at all. 

Outside there were huge fluffy towels to dry with and then it was to the kitchen area for coffee. Sitting at the breakfast bar in sensuous white raw silk robes the scent of fresh perking coffee filled the apartment. Sally idly surveyed the open space with a sense of something not quite right. Ah, that was it. 

“Where’s the bedroom? I mean this is fully open plan isn’t it, I mean without actually measuring this looks like it’s the whole floor.”

Sonia grinned.” Ah ah, you want to see my bedroom do you. Well it is literally done with mirrors. You are not seeing the whole thing you see, you are just being fooled by those so reliable eyes. I use this a lot, for the simple reason it works. She giggled, “want a look? “

They walked across the polished floor and where it seemed to go on suddenly they were reflected in the wall. Sally frowned and saw her frown in the mirror. She took two paces back and vanished. She shook her head and thought for a moment. She looked up and there was the answer, another mirror casting an image of the floor onto the wall. 

“Ah, clever, very clever, so until one is inside the range as it were the image remains unchanged. Very very neat. “

Sonia mock bowed, “thank you my dear, it is not that original actually, but it works, and here we are, my boudoir.” She reached out and opened a door ushering Sally through. The room was lined in pine, a golden honey coloured wood. The contrast was immense and Sally gasped. The far wall was all glass, with a view down the valley to die for. The bed was situated to favour the view of course, with it’s headboard against the wooden wall and the foot facing the glass. Sonia smiled as Sally gaped. 

“I’m an architect hon, and this is mine. “If I say so myself it works pretty well. The glass is one way of course and actually, I really get a kick from standing there nude watching the world, knowing it can’t see me.“ She giggled. 

“Now the coffee is ready and how about these pictures, any thoughts? Apart from posing me at the window as that is too good a clue. But the bed maybe?” She collapsed languidly back on to the silk sheet that was the only cover on the bed and posed dramatically. Sally laughed then frowned. “What?” Sonia enquired. 

“The light, it’s too bright for the camera I think.”

“Oh, is that all,” she giggled again loving being able to show off her tricks. She fiddled with something on the bedside table and the light subtly dimmed. “Okay now? More?”

Sally just looked, then barked, “just don’t move. She went to the other living space and returned in seconds with her camera, She began to snap. Turn, yes like that, now more now, wait. “Excuse me”, and she moved the robe, “ah better.” 

“Pretty bottom”, and on she went until “robe off, lie back, good, open, good, wider, legs I mean you clown, open them, good. And now, do you want your bottom too? K, roll over, head down, kneel. Come on you know, like your ready for it, open more, spread it, come on, oh god you are ready ain’t you though? Click. Silence. Though the smell of a randy woman filled the silence eloquently. Sally had to admit to herself the scents of two randy women. She was she realized very turned on herself especially when Sonia had rolled over to display her bottom for her.

Sonia held out a hand. “Join me. Please?” Sally took step then paused.

Accusingly she said. “You said you didn’t swing this way.” 

Sonia grinned “I said I didn’t swing that way. How you interpret that is entirely up to you, now..” She smoothly moved towards Sally caught her wrist and pulled her gently towards her. The pressure was resistible if Sally wanted but suddenly she was quite happy to be kissing this wild lady. And she thought Sonia did taste and smell rather rather lovely. 

“Ooh” as a hand slid rippling down her back. “OW” as her bottom was spanked. “What was that for?” 

“For being a liar” You’ve kissed a girl before. “Ah ah, don’t lie again, or I will spank you. You have, I know you have. Come on tell. Snuggle in here and let me do this while you tell me all.” An arm snaked around Sally and the other moved her and urged her into position so she was lying against Sonia, but with her thighs splayed so a very knowledgeable set of fingers could play. 

“This happened a long time ago when I was horse daft. Did you ever go that route? No? Ah well it’s a thing a lot of Scots girls go through, sort of pre puberty and through it. It’s the thrill and the control I suppose, this bloody great male as mostly its geldings or stallions the girls go for, doing as you tell it while your body is doing it’s own thing whether you want it to or not. You with me?” Sonia murmured she was, stirred, reached and the light level dimmed further, giving a more appropriate intimacy to the room. “Well I took a hell of a fall one afternoon. There was only me and Jane there and she picked me up and got me inside to take a look at my leg. She owned the place or ran it for her mother. Well, then she said I had strained a tendon which actually I had and she said a very hot bath was the thing. Whilst I was in the bath she came in and “helped me” well I wasn’t daft and I had ‘been there’ myself a few times, you know frigging off and well I was quite willing. I had a bit of a crush on her anyway and she was pretty in a quiet way. And she had this lovely quiet reassuring manner, the horses she could quiet down, to see her do it was amazing. Anyway, from the bath she helped me out, and then she dried me of, and well we both knew at that point you know. Anyway she suggested a little lie down and that’s when it got, well, interesting. The odd thing was she wanted nothing for herself you know? She just wanted to touch me, to please me. In that respect it was a little odd, and a shame as I so wanted at the time to please her, to well you know…” her voice trailed off into Sonia’s shoulder.

She turned her head and found Sonia’s lips, where she nibbled, entreated with her tongue and was given entry. Gently, so very gently they explored the others mouth, knowing now there was no hurry, no headlong thrusting charge, instead a gentle beginning. Sally carefully wriggled around turning so she could use at least one hand. She cupped a dainty breast finding the tip hardened and ready. A hand found hers telling her that she was as ready if not more so. They gently squirmed against the other and with exploring hands found wet flesh, ardent cunny.
