 It was a strange kind of existence that Aurora lived these days. If her parents were to find out, she knew they would lose their shit but despite the downsides she enjoyed her life. It wasn't as bad as it might seem from the outside and even though she knew she could make one call at any time and end it all, she never did. Speaking to her parents weekly she told them about her job at the yoga studio, about the cafe she was trying to open inside it and about the wonderful friends she had. They were proud, loving the hipster dream she had created for herself and it was all true too. Of course there was an omission but they didn't need to know that. It didn't make the other parts any less true so why did they need to know at all?

Over time her moonlighting earned more money than working at the studio itself but she didn't quit, loving her regular clients. That's how she found herself renting a window and spending her nights with different anonymous people. It wasn't as sad or violent as people thought but that didn't mean it was always easy either. Aurora saw it as character building, and sure it was lonely at times but knowing she had the privilege of being able to quit at any time and leave it behind made the hard times easier to bear. 

It was another Friday night where she sat on her stool in a window. With one leg crossed over the other and a pair of black loubs on her feet she watched the people stream past, always enjoying the double take people would do when they passed her window. She was not the most beautiful by far, she didn't have the biggest boobs or fattest ass but she still had a sparkle of mischief in her eyes. Her underwear fit her perfectly and there was still a shine to her long auburn hair that fell around her chest. She didn't wave or try to catch anyone's attention, sitting there and judging them as much as they were judging her as they walked past.

Luna grabbed dinner alone, reading a book before she ventured along the canals past all the coffee shops and the bachelor parties that poured out of them. She had stumbled into the Red Light District almost by accident but something had pulled her through, eyeing all the women beckoning in the windows until she saw the redhead perched upon her stool, so beautiful that her attention was captured. Standing on the sidewalk, she heard a group of boys talking shit about her and she rolled her eyes, taking the time to eye her over and admire her curves and edges, her pulse fluttering a little more beneath her skin. The impulse had always been there, and she'd even dabbled a little in college - but it was taking over more and more so and being faced with such a beautiful woman she felt the temptation creeping in.

Aurora watched the gaggle of men outside her window, nudging and jostling each other to encourage one of them to be brave and engage more than just waving drunkenly at her through the thick glass. Aurora rose an eyebrow at them and rolled her eyes, she could spot a genuine customer a mile off and they were either not brave enough or drunk enough to make a real move. She couldn't hear what they were saying but she could imagine, seeing fragile male egos that had clear desire but no balls to do anything about it. Even when they were paying for someone to be submissive they were scared of a strong woman. 

Aurora moved off of her stool and stood tall in heels only to bend at the hip slowly as she reached for a glass of what looked like champagne but was just sparkling grape juice. She knew how her peachy ass looked hugged in the lace panties, a rare free treat. Slowly standing up she took a sip and looked at them over her shoulder, smirking when she saw the dumbfounded lust filled looks on their faces. Turning slowly she smiled kindly only to shoo them away from her window with a casual wave of her hand, like a queen dismissing someone to death without a second thought. 

When they scuttled away she glanced out at the busy street and noticed a woman looking into her window. Women usually were either curious or disgusted, very rarely customers so Aurora sipped her drink and sat back on her stool, not paying her any mind.

Luna's heart was racing a little as she watched her put on a show for the boys only to shoo them away with that mysterious glint in her eyes and all that power and smiled to herself. She was about to back away when she saw her settle back on her stool and she hesitated before her feet carried her away. She wandered about halfway through the red light district but her mind kept coming back to her. Making friends with a bachelor party and drinking shots with them, she shoved one of them off when he got too handsy, her mind wandering back to the girl in the window. It was nearly midnight when she walked by again, a little tipsy but relieved to see the girl in the window, unable to help herself as she caught her eyes and motioned to her.

Aurora watched the woman walk away she as she had expected her to and then went back to people watching. It was a bank holiday in the UK so the streets were packed with all kinds of people. Aurora liked seeing the different costumes people wore and watching the level of drunkenness slowly increase through the night. One of her regulars stopped by and she welcomed him in only to spend twenty minutes, shower and then get back to her stool. Aurora usually finished around 1am as she didn't do the messy drunks and was considering knocking off early when she spotted that dark haired woman again. Seeing her gesturing towards her Aurora just tilted her head to the side and rose an eyebrow, her auburn hair slipping off of her pale shoulders with the motion. "Yes?" She mouthed.

Luna met her eyes, her heart in her throat but all the blood rushing somewhere else entirely as she held her gaze only to signal to the side for them to talk, pointedly gesturing between them as colour crept into her cheeks.

Aurora was genuinely surprised, never having been approached by a woman before and so had no idea how she felt about it. She would class herself as bisexual but much to her mothers disappointment she was much more lady leaning. Eyeing her over, admiring her slender frame and dark eyes she decided to go with it, taking her time sliding off the stool and going to the door. Opening it slowly she leaned against it, blocking entry with her frame. "Hello. Can I help you?"

Luna moved when she did, smirking when she opened the door only to tilt her head. "I'm sure you can," she murmured as she eyed her over. "Can I come in?"

"That depends on what you're looking for," Aurora said simply and offered her a smile. "...and how much you have."

"How much does it take?" Luna asked with a tilt of her head. "For a night."

Aurora looked genuinely surprised for a moment only to laugh softly. "For a night? You're new to this aren't you? It's usually per twenty minutes... and that's just for normal things."

Luna nodded at that. "So tell me your cost to come back to my hotel room and not to rush," she said. "Make it up from 20 minutes if you want to." Luna felt herself getting wet just talking about it but se knew she wouldn't feel comfortable doing it in the room knowing half of Amsterdam were outside. 

Aurora looked at her curiously, unsure if she were being serious. "I'm not the cheapest... I - Well. It would be five hundred and twenty euros..." Luna nodded her head at that and she smirked to herself. "Are you worth it?" She teased.

Looking her over curiously she tried to establish whether this woman was for real but didn't see any traditional signs of real wealth. "I guess that's the risk you take?" Aurora said with a smile and took a step back away from the door to let her in, closing it behind her as the last thing she wanted was for someone to overhear and either one of them to be mugged on their way home. "For that amount I'd want a bank transfer... what - are you hoping for for that price?"

"What do you offer for that price?" Luna asked as she walked in, eyeing her over. 

"That would be for basic sex or oral," Aurora said with a shrug. "I'd be willing to talk about extras if you had them in mind..." Resting a hand on her hip she eyed the woman over, admiring her long black hair and slim body. There was no need for her to pay so she was left perplexed as to why she was here at all. "Where would you like to go?"

Luna glanced down at the hand on her hip and she smiled to herself, her own fingers moving to slide along Aurora's bare torso, tracing lines and curves and she wet her lips. "My hotel?" She suggested. "It's just me. No hidden surprises, promise," she smirked. "And maybe not constant but ... have you no stamina?" She teased, admiring her fair skin and auburn hair. Luna exuded confidence but her pulse was still racing at the idea of taking this beautiful woman home and giving in to all those fantasies that had been plaguing her at home - the ones she'd been careful to mind to herself, with the exception of a few college exploits.

Her skin rose in goose pimples beneath her touch and she eyed her over suspiciously before nodding slowly. "Okay..." Moving away from her she went up the little stairs in her room to where the bed was and grabbed her purse and slid on a Burberry raincoat, sliding it over her frame and coming back downstairs with her cell phone in hand. "These are my details. Make the transfer and we can go."

Luna took the details and she smiled charmingly, pulling out her phone and transferring the money only to show her that it had gone through. "Won't you miss mocking the boys on the street tonight?" She joked.

"There's always tomorrow," Aurora pointed out and turned the light off on her window. Stepping out onto the street with her she locked the door behind herself before walking Luna to the main street, having ordered an Uber for them. Climbing in she smiled at the driver and crossed her legs once more. Once Luna had given the address she turned to look at her. "Here for business or pleasure?"

Luna glanced over at her when she was spoken to, her golden skin glowing with each streetlight they passed and she crossed her own long slender legs, her skirt riding up slightly over her thighs. "Escape," she answered only to chuckle softly. "I'm looking for the place worth setting down roots."

"Amsterdam is beautiful," Aurora mused with a smile, noting the American accent. "Where in the states are you from?"

"New York," Luna replied with only the smallest trace of a smile. "Where are you from?"

"London," Aurora smiled and took the time to really look at her now they were in the safety of the cab, noting her beautiful dark eyes and striking bone structure. 

"Ohhh, that side of the pond," Luna teased. "The best side of the pond," Aurora confirmed with a smirk as she felt the car slowing down. "Thank you," she called to the driver before climbing out and waiting for her woman to show her the way. "Where are you from in the states?"

Luna walked her into the hotel, her bag resting on her forearm as they passed into the modern, polished lobby towards the elevator. "Manhattan?" She told her only to smile. "What brings you to Amsterdam? To this?"

"Of course," walking behind her Aurora eyed the woman from behind, taking in her clothes, her slim legs and the air of expensiveness about her. "My parents always talked about how nice Amsterdam was. Decided to visit for myself and didn't leave."

Luna smiled at that. "What hooked you in?" She asked as they rode up to her floor.

"The architecture, pace of life, quality weed," she laughed and leaned back against the elevator wall as they rode it quietly. Walking down the hall she followed her into the room only to rest back against the wall. "So... what would you like?"

Luna pushed the door shut behind her and she laughed at those words. "Is it just a tick box exercise for you? That's sad," she murmured as she pushed Aurora's coat from her body, letting her hands roam again as she leaned in and kissed her slowly.

Aurora tilted her head away from her lips and instead kissed her neck, shrugging the coat off of her body. "You don't go into a store and the clerk just tosses items at you...you order... or make a selection," Aurora pointed out as she slid her hands over her body slowly, sliding her fingers over her hipbones through her dress.

"This is a little different, don't you think?" Luna asked as her fingers slid down between her thighs, rubbing her through the front of her panties. "I wouldn't worry. You're going to know exactly what I want," she murmured, letting out a soft sigh at those kisses along her neck. "Do you have many female clients?"

Shivering a little at her touch she was surprised by how forward she was but found she liked it more when it was a woman than when her male clients did it. "You would be the first," Aurora admitted and grazed her teeth over her delicate skin as she started to unzip her dress.

"The very first?" Luna asked as her fingers teased her through the lace, pulling back just enough to let her dress drop to the floor as she shimmied out of it, revealing a lace set of panties and a bra of her own. Shivering at the feeling of her teeth on her skin she pressed closer again. "Have you been with women?"

"The very first" Aurora laughed as she let her eyes roam over her delicious figure when it was revealed to her for the first time. Leaning more against the door she pressed her hips forward to allow her to touch her pussy more easily. "I've been with many women," she moaned softly and bit into her lip as she dipped her head down and started to kiss over her breasts, her fingers sliding over her back to trail along the band of her bra only to unclasp it.

Luna felt her hips arching and she let her fingers finally dip beneath the material, running slowly over her lips and spreading her wetness over her clit. "Many women," she teased with a soft laugh, her head tilting to watch her as she kissed over her breasts and she moaned softly. "What do you prefer?"

"Women. By far." Aurora murmured and removed her bra and took her nipple into her mouth.

Luna moaned at that and she nodded as she pressed her fingers inside of her. "Good," she whispered.

Aurora moaned in pleasure as she bit into her nipple softly only to suck harder. Rocking her hips down onto her fingers she pushed away from the door and walked her further into the room. "Your body is insane," She moaned out as she moved to the other breast.

Luna walked back with her, keeping her close as she fucked her with her fingers only to turn their positions and push her down on the bed. "Mine? Yours," she laughed as she eased her fingers out of her, hooking them through the band of her panties to pull them down her legs. "Mmm, and this beautiful pussy too," she teased as her fingers slid over her again, arching to ease back inside.

Aurora was surprised by how dominating she was being but found that she loved it. In her personal life all of her girlfriends had been sweetness and light and timid in the bedroom, love making at every turn and she couldn't believe how fast her heart was pounding. Falling back onto the bed her legs spread wide only to moan out when her fingers slipped inside her. "Fuck - mmm that feels so good," she moaned as she arched her back off of the bed. Reaching for her she pulled her body close and pushed her fingers inside her panties, groaning at how wet she was as she pushed her fingers inside her tight wet pussy.

Luna kept her pinned down firmly as her fingers fucked her stressing, moaning as she arched back against Aurora's fingers as they pushed inside her only to reach behind her to pull at the clasp of her bra. Pulling it open her head tipped down, kissing over her cleavage and easing the material away as her fingers curved inside her. "Fuck, you're so wet," she moaned into her skin as she pressed back eagerly on her fingers.

Nodding quickly she moaned in pleasure, keeping her legs wide as she rocked her hips down onto her fingers, moaning each time her fingers sank in deep. Curling her fingers she dragged them against her gspot as she panted softly with their motions. "I can't help it," she laughed between moans.

Luna laughed through a soft moan as she rocked down against her fingers but focused on stimulating that spot inside of Aurora, her chest tight and her body breathless as the arousal pumped through her. "Me either," she murmured, panting softly. "Couldn't leave you in that window..." she teased. "I thought about you all evening."

"All evening?" Aurora teased and laughed breathlessly only to cry out in pleasure as her pussy clenched tightly around Luna's fingers "Mmmm fuck this is - so good. I'm gonna come so hard...."

"All evening ... while all these guys were trying to make a pass," she said only to moan out softly as she felt her clenching around her fingers, curving them perfectly against her gspot and letting her thumb slip to tease her clit as she arched over, sucking one of her nipples into her mouth.

Aurora couldn't hold off at all that stimulation. "Fuck! Fuck oh oh oh fuck yes!" she cried out, her body shaking, her heavy, perky breasts bouncing against Luna's face as she came for her. Tossing her head back, auburn hair streaked across the white sheets as she moaned loudly for her, her hips fucking herself even harder down onto her fingers.

Luna watched her with eager eyes, soaking up the view as her blood rushed with arousal, her own pussy tingling and aching as she watched Aurora in that heightened state of pleasure, keeping her fingers moving while Aurora fucked herself back against her and she moaned. "Mmmm... fuck, yes..." she moaned into her skin as she continued to work her over and tease her.

Dragging her thumb over Luna's clit she worked it in quick light flickers only to circle her thumb all over her soaking wet lips. Her fingers still fucked her hard, teasing her g spot on and off. Aurora shook beneath her, soft pale thighs shaking only to clench tight around Luna's waist.

Luna's hips jerked against her fingers each time she grazed that spot inside of her, that new ache and the intensity building inside her until her own thighs trembled. "Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck..." she moaned into Aurora's skin as she came, her face contorting in pleasure as she shook against her.

Rocking her fingers eagerly inside her she moaned as she felt how tight she got as she came. Easing her fingers out once she was done Aurora sucked her fingers clean, panting against her fingers as she lapped at them.

Luna slid her fingers away from her and watched her with eager eyes, her cheeks feeling with heat as she watched her suck her fingers clean and she laughed softly. "Good?" She teased.

"Very," Aurora smiled and finished cleaning them only to flop onto the bed to catch her breathe, her chest heaving as she did.

Luna melted down next to her only to laugh softly, running her fingers through her hair. "So you're bisexual."

Leaning into her touch she nodded with a small smile. "But lesbian leaning," Auror laughed and slid her fingers over Luna's perky little breasts, dragging her thumb around one of her nipples idly.

Luna laughed softly at that, shivering at her touch. "...good," she sighed. "Same here. Though you were the only one who caught my attention tonight."

"You didn't think about taking in a man tonight?" Aurora asked curiously as she tweaked her nipple gently.

Luna arched an eyebrow at that. "Definitely not," she said. "I wasn't actually looking either."

Aurora smiled and kissed along her jaw. "Well, I am eye catching..." she teased.

Luna laughed at that. "You didn't give a damn. I liked that," she laughed with a smile, pulling her closer.

Aurora ran her hand curiously over her stomach and then over her hip. That was actually really good."

Luna looked over at her and she laughed. "You seem surprised."

