 Finally, the weekend has come. While Rolf is busy polishing his car, I decide to hit the gym with my friend Catherine! I throw my stuff into the bag and run out as soon as I hear her car's horn blaring under my bedroom window.

'Hey Nickers, what's up,' yells the blondie from behind the wheel.

Damn, Catherine just won't stop inventing new nicknames for me.

'How was your casting?' Catherine asks with a smile, not taking her eyes off the road even for a second.

'Fine! They took me after the very first try!' I respond with a laugh. 'Sure, it's just a supporting role but the future seems to be starry bright!'

It took us thirty minutes to get to the gym. The locker room is all empty. Catherine doesn't look like she is in too much hurry to get changed.

'Let me help you,' she says, starting to pick on me, just as usual.

'I can manage it myself.'

'Jeez, Nickers, you are so beautiful. I wish I was as hot as you are!' Catherine says with a sigh and reaches out for my bra hooks, disregarding my answer to her previous remark.

We hear voices approaching. A really ripped lady walks into the locker room... We put our clothes on, giggling, and head on into the workout area. Today we will start off on the treadmill. We spend several minutes adjusting the speed and getting used to it. I notice that Catherine is wearing a really baggy top today -- her titties are bouncing like crazy with every step that she makes. However, I can't stare at her for too long -- we are running for five minutes already and I'm out of breath.

We run for another five minutes and Catherine moves on to do the pec fly right in front of me. She comes pushing the bars with her legs wide open and I notice that she's got no panties under her shorts! A top with no bra under it, tiny shorts with no panties... Boy, that's a good uniform for a workout.

Catherine is such a naughty one. I glance at a guy walking on the treadmill right next to me -- he is obviously staring at Catherine. She has noticed it too, so she keeps on moving along the seat making her shorts stretch over her pussy even tighter. I can already see the silhouette of her pubis through them. The edges of her shorts are already wet with sweat.

She keeps on doing the pec fly breathing heavily and moving her booty as if unintentionally. Five, ten... When she can't push it anymore, she squeals and brings the bars together for one last time. Her whole body seems to be working, her pelvis is jerking ecstatically, her hips are closing and opening again and again. Damn, I can feel my nipples start getting firm. It's good that Catherine is finally tired and her show is over! 

We are done with our workout and I head on into the locker room, dreaming about a cool shower.

The shower room is like all shower rooms in all gyms -- there are loads of stalls separated by long walls. It's almost empty -- I can hear the water running only in one of the most remote stalls in the corner of the room. I step into a stall and let thin sprays of hot water hit my body. I increase the pressure and disappear in the steam. I close my eyes, poke my head under the shower and let my hair get soaked. Just a usual shower after a workout but I can't help feeling uneasy for some reason. 

I can't chase the image of Catherine's beautiful writhing body out of my head. I do my best to stop thinking about her but the harder I'm trying, the more I'm thinking about her. The sprays of water from the shower are hitting my breasts, touching my nipples. Washing the sweat off, I allow my fingers to run across my breasts. Jeez, my nipples are fully erect.

I lean forward and take a peek out of my stall. Having made sure that no one is there, I start caressing my breasts. Feeling like a thief, jerking at every faint sound, I squeeze them with both hands, then push them hard against my chest and pull on the nips.

I grab my hair, roll it up, run it along my lips and ram into my mouth. I know that my hair is perfectly healthy, so I'm not afraid to damage it when twisting it like that. I'm sticking the wet roll into my mouth, sucking warm water out of it. It tickles my tongue, my gums, rubs against my palate. I can feel my legs start to tremble because I'm so excited. I remember that I can reach my own nipples with my tongue. However, I can't do it now -- if someone busts me doing that, they will understand everything right away. 

I open my legs and reach my pussy with a finger. Oh yeah, my swollen clit obviously needed it! I come rubbing it really fast with one hand and sticking the fingers of the other one into my pussy. I close my eyes and let the water hit my face. Gosh, it feels so good! I'm tired after the workout but it only makes the pleasure more intense...

'Nickers, are you there?' Catherine chirps happily somewhere in my immediate vicinity. 

I clench my teeth, not allowing a disappointed gasp slip away from my lips. Catherine has picked a terribly wrong moment to enter the showers. If I answer her, she will hear my voice trembling and understand everything. I can't turn around to face her as well -- my shaven pussy is all swollen because I was rubbing it so hard. But how will she interpret it? Will she think that I'm angry? Tired? Oh come on, I'm busy showering myself after all, so I don't have to talk to her face-to-face!

I hear Catherine walking from stall to stall, looking for me.

'Nickers?'

I breathe deeply, trying to chase my enormous excitement away. However, my naughtier alter ego is resisting me furiously, trying to make the sticky situation last. I'm not an exhibitionist, I try to persuade myself, it's all because of Catherine's bad influence!

'There you are!' Catherine finds me and hugs me from behind happily, not even trying to avoid touching my breasts... She's naked already.

I can feel her fingers running through my messed up hair... 

'Can I rub your back?'

'Are you tired?' asks Catherine, running fingers up and down my back. I can feel her hands sliding lower and lower with each time, pressing into my skin harder and harder impatiently. 'How is Rolf doing these days?'

Her voice grows deep. This is the biggest problem. If I were single, I wouldn't have been so afraid of all those rumors and stuff. But this German stud is totally unpredictable. I wonder what he would do to me if he learnt about my new job... And I'm sure that if I tell Catherine about it, every cat in the city will know it by the morning. 

'Awesome, as usual.'

I didn't even notice how Catherine switched from rubbing my back to running her hands all over my body. I can feel her touching my belly, my boobs. Then she pulls herself tight to me from the back, hugging me.

'Nicole, let's share a little secret. One that will be only ours to keep. We won't tell anyone about it. I will keep quiet and won't tell anyone.' She whispers all these sweet nothings right into my ear, touching it with her lips. I can't help noticing that she finally called me my real name.

She takes my breasts into her hands and starts massaging them. Yeah, I knew it. Catherine is lesbian. Or bisexual, at least. 

The problem is that we are in completely different circumstances. Catherine doesn't have a regular boyfriend, so she's free as a bird. Free not to worry about her reputation. 

I turn around and slide my tongue in between her full lips. I feel her hands start grabbing on my buttocks, pulling me even closer to her. Catherine doesn't know that I was already about to cum when she entered the showers. Her hands are squeezing my ass, tugging on it so hard it almost hurts me. My buns are so wide apart I can feel my anus and pussy open. I bet they are squelching with juice -- but we can't hear it, thanks to the sound of running water... My hands are rubbing our breasts. It is such a pleasure to hold two sets of tits squeezed tight together instead of massaging just two boobs! I keep trying to bring our nipples together and when they brush against each other, we just come melting from pleasure. Catherine finally gives in and lets out a loud moan.

I shut her mouth with a palm of my hand quickly, shaking with fear. Whew, thanks God the water is running. 

'Yes, we will have a secret and no one will ever know about it,' I whisper into Catherine's ear, holding her by the head with one hand and caressing the lower part of her belly with the other. Her hands do the same.

I come rubbing her clit as fast as I only can. Catherine gasps and closes her eyes, giving in to unbearable pleasure.

Suddenly I feel I can no longer keep myself in. I am coming! Boy, why did I masturbate?! Catherine pushes me hard against the side of the stall and continues working on my clit with her face pressed against my chest. I look down and see her staring at me, admiring the faces of pleasure that I'm making. When she feels my body relax, she puts both hands on my head and makes me go down. 

Catherine's curvy body sliding in front of my eyes is totally mesmerizing me. I am sucking on her nipples, licking her navel, making her arch her back from pleasure. At least, I end up staring at her pussy. The pussy of another woman. I feel my forbidden dreams are about to come true! 

Catherine opens her legs, still holding me by the head. She isn't pushing me though, urging me to eat her out. Instead, her fingers are running through my hair, stroking my temples, touching my lips. Then they slide into my mouth, find my tongue and I feel Catherine start to touch it greedily. My pussy is all wet again, even though I came no more than a couple of minutes ago.

I stick my tongue out as far as I can and touch Catherine's swollen pussy lips with it. Then I let it slide into that pink slit of hers. Yeah, she's soaking wet too. The taste of her pussy is completely new to me and it drives me even hornier. My tongue is trembling from excitement. I touch her clit and quickly let my tongue slide back into her hole.

I am pushing my tongue deeper and deeper into Catherine's pussy until she suddenly squeezes it tight with the muscles inside her box! I pull it out and stick it back in, this time with force. I feel Catherine's fingers grab my hair. Lesbian sex is like watching your reflection in the mirror, I realize. It's all about comparing your partner to yourself and remembering how you have just felt when getting a similar treatment. Oh boy, this process of comparing and remembering feels unbearably exciting. Okay, it's high time I moved on to her clit. I make my trembling tongue slide along Catherine's pussy, moving from her wet hole to her urethra. Having licked it for a while, I finally reach the tight little hump between her labia. Catherine's body starts to shake in my hands.

I touch the surface of her clit lightly and then lick around it, pushing as hard as I can. Back on to tender tickling... I push my fingers into my little slut's pussy, one by one until it's stretched to the maximum. It makes her clit stick out even more. Her body trembles in convulsions and her pelvis comes moving back and forth, tensing and relaxing again and again. She takes a deep breath, making her boobs stick out. I see her belly moving. Feeling her pussy squeeze around my fingers, I understand that Catherine is coming. 

She grabs me by the hair with one hand and leans onto the tap, holding on it with the other hand. She's almost falling. I'm sucking on her clit. My fingers are moving in and out of her pussy slowly, making her insides shake. I reach out for her breasts with the other hand. I don't feel comfy because of squatting for too long and my legs feel stiff but Catherine's orgasm is inspiring me. I don't stop until I feel her whole body grow limp.

She almost keels over, hanging on me and pushing her face hard against mine in a fit of grateful tenderness. Her mouth is open and I can feel her teeth, can feel her nose and cheeks rubbing against mine...

Catherine moves away a bit, runs her fingers along my body -- from my pussy to my belly, then between my breasts, up my neck and to the chin... She pushes my head up and brings my face close to hers, stroking my hair tenderly. 

I hear the water stop running in the remote stall. The lady taking shower in there starts getting her stuff together, her feet splashing in water. Catherine backs off me and slides out of the showers.