 Full Disclaimer: This erotica is intended for WOMEN, not men. 

*****

It felt like the longest day in class for poor Lily. She was trying desperately not to zone out and think about where she would much rather be. However, her efforts had failed miserably. She would much rather be in her girlfriend Blue's warm bed, all cuddled up naked with the lights off, kissing her wet, pink lips and rosy cheeks.

Blue would run her hands up and down Lily's pale thighs which would undoubtedly make her squirm in delight. Lily moaned softly and rubbed her thighs together. She was already wet just from thinking of such a delicious encounter. "Lily, as I was saying." She looked up at her professor and frowned as he proceeded to lecture. She sighed softly drumming her fingers on the table, glancing at the clock every so often. 

Finally when class was over, she practically dashed out the door and shoved everything in her backpack. She quickly went to the bathroom and got changed out of her school clothes. She threw on a tight t-shirt, and clingy jeans. She knew that Blue loved her in that t-shirt. 

Blue was always very respectful towards Lily, but every so often she couldn't help but stare at the gentle swell of Lily's breasts in the shirt. Lily looked at herself in the mirror, she really was pretty. She had small, but supple breasts, wide dark eyes, a cute nose with freckles, and long black hair that went to her waist. She was thin, with tan skin. She took one last look at herself in the mirror and bounded out of the restroom. 

On this particular day, Lily was going to the library to meet Blue for a study session. Blue was one year her senior in college, and had dealt with all of the annoying profs that Lily had now. She needed urgent help on a big history paper that she was writing, and the deadline was in two days. 

It was nowhere close to being finished, and Blue offered to edit it. Lily proceeded to take the long walk to the library and she could feel just how wet she was. Daydreaming all day about her really did the trick. It wasn't like she had to daydream that much, Blue couldn't keep her hands off of Lily. They had sex nearly everyday.

When she finally reached the library, she pulled out her small laptop and began typing. She gently spread her legs and ever so slowly humped the chair. She stifled a small moan, she clearly wasn't going anywhere without Blue's help. She tried to distract herself and went over to the bookshelves. She reached over and ran her fingers along a smooth book. 

Lily shivered at the touch. She was already so lusty today, seeing Blue would just set her over the edge. She laid back into a bookshelf and tried to contain her soft panting. She closed her eyes and and she heard the floorboards creak. Lily opened her eyes slowly and saw Blue. 

Blue had rosy cheeks, a thin waist, pale skin, short red hair, bright green eyes, sizable breasts, and a fiery personality. She always took control of every situation, including matters in the bedroom, which Lily couldn't get enough of. She dommed Lily like there was no tomorrow. Blue looked at Lily with half lidded eyes. Blue slowly moved over to where Lilu was sitting and kissed her. Blue's mouth was the perfect amount of wet, her kisses always drove Lily wild. Lily kissed back and ran her fingers through Blue's wild, red hair. She climbed into Blue's lap quickly and Blue stroked the inside of her thigh. 

"I thought you would wear a skirt," Blue breathed out, almost sounding as though she was on the verge of pain. Blue squeezed Lily's tits, and kissed her neck softly. Lily moaned and grasped Blue's thighs. 

"We c-can't, I-I-I have to work on m-my history p-paper," Lily managed to whisper out. Blue smirked softly.

"Don't you miss this though? Can't we do that later baby?" Blue kept massaging Lily's tits, cupping the soft mounds in her hands. 

"Of course I do, oh god." Lily gasped as Blue pulled up her shirt and began sucking on one of Lily's nipples. Blue released her mouth, and Lily cried out in frustration.

"Oh, but didn't you say that we had work to do?" Blue raised an eyebrow and looked at Lily with her intense, green, lusty, eyes. 

"Fuck it," Lily practically shouted. 

"Uh uh uh," Blue covered Lily's mouth. "Remember where we are sweetheart?" Lily nodded gently. 

"So, you can't be too loud when I do this." Blue quickly unbuttoned Lily's jeans and slowly began rubbing her through her panties. 

"You like when I do this don't you?" Lily's cheeks by this point were fully flushed, her eyes closed, and lips parted. She nodded fiercly and Blue kept rubbing her through her panties. 

"You're so wet baby." Blue trailed off and began to kiss Lily's neck.

"I-i k-k-know." Lily bit her lip when Blue used her free hand to play with Lily's tits again. 

Blue softly pinched Lily's rosy, soft, nipple through the t-shirt's flimsy fabric and she moaned with delight. Blue lifted up Lily's shirt again and began to suck on her tits again. Lily felt like she was going to burst, she couldn't take it anymore. The friction of Blue's hand on her already throbbing pussy, Blue's mouth on her tits, she was going to come. She couldn't handle it anymore. Blue sensed this and pulled her hand out of Lily's pants. 

"I'm not going to let you come just yet." Lily felt like she was going to burst into tears. She needed this so badly, it wasn't even real. 

The last time Blue had touched her was two weeks ago. Lily, of course, loved going on sweet dates with Blue, but no one, no one but Blue knew how to make Lily feel as good as she did. Blue knew Lily's body like the back of her hand. She knew what made her shiver with pleasure and what made her moan in delight. Blue roughly squeezed Lily's thighs and bit the skin around her collarbone. Lily moaned and clutched Blue's head. She felt her wetness trail down her thighs from her pussy. Blue held Lily's thighs open firmly. 

"You were already so close baby with me just rubbing you through your panties, you must have missed me." Blue whispered in Lily's ear, flicking her tongue around the rim of Lily's ear. 

Lily nodded and Blue chuckled. She laid Lily down on the wooden floorboards among the bookshelves and slowly ran her hands along the waist of Lily's jeans. She snaked her hands down into Lily's undies and ever so slowly rubbed her thumb around Lily's clit.

Lily's eyes widened and she began to grind her hips into Blue's hand that was barely touching her. 

"Patience baby, I'm going to let you come. Don't worry." Blue said huskily, once again giving Lily her famous smirk with an additional lip bite. "Please make it soon," Lily whispered out. 

"I'll let you come whenever I want you to come. Now be a good girl and let me please you." Blue said firmly, sending chills down Lilly's body. Blue delicately ran a finger across Lily's soaking entrance.

"I bet you want my fingers in, don't you?" Lily, already quite dazed, nodded slightly. 

"I bet you want them in you so badly," Blue put the tip of her middle finger in Lily's warm pussy. 

"You want more, but I don't know if I'll give you more.." Blue trailed off. 

"No! No! No, please, please, please don't stop!" Lily's eyes widened out of desperation. 

"Fine, but there will be no more of that grinding against my hand. You'll come when I want you to, got it?" Blue said in a dominating voice that made Lily even wetter.

"Y-yes," Lily panted out. 

Blue plunged two fingers into Lily's pussy, they slid right in with ease. It was almost as though Blue's fingers were meant for Lily. Blue started pumping her fingers in and out of Lily's pussy, making sure to hook her fingers to touch Lily's g-spot. Lily closed her eyes, leaned her head back, and moaned loudly. Blue felt Lily's pussy clench around her fingers as she proceeded to plunge them deeper and deeper. 

"Your pussy is so pink and pretty baby." Blue said lovingly as she drew her fingers out. Lily moaned in frustration.

"It would be a shame for me not to taste it, wouldn't it?" Blue leaned her head down and lapped her tongue in and out of Lily's soft, pink folds.

"Blueee, oh god t-that f-feels amazing..o-hhh fuck, Blue!" Lily moaned out. 

She couldn't take it for much longer, she was going to cum, her soaking pussy was throbbing against Blue's warm fingers. Blue looked up at her and plunged her fingers in and out of Lily once again. 

"What do you want, you're going to have to tell me." Blue said with a hint of demand in her voice. 

"I want to come, please let me come! Please!" 

Lily's body was marked up with all of Blue's love bites, and she was beginning to perspire a little. Her long, silky black hair was all messed up and her eyes were pleading with need. 

"You've been a good girl, I'll let you come." She bent her head down again, but this time sucked on Lily's clit, adding occasional bites. 

Lily buries her hands deep into Blue's hair, tugging on it a little. Blue re-entered Lily's pussy with her fingers again, making them go as deep as Lily would want. 

"I-I-I c-can't, Blue. I-" Lily heavily panted out. 

"Shh baby, just let it happen."

"Oh B-b-blue, I-i'm!" Lily's eyes shot open, showing her intense dark orbs for eyes. 

"You're gonna come aren't you baby. Let it happen, just come baby, come all over me." 

Blue coaxed Lily, but kept pounding Lily's pussy with her fingers. At the last moment, to really set Lily over, she removed her tongue from her clit and latched her warm, wet mouth onto one of Lily's tits. She flicked her tongue around Lily's nipple. Blue felt Lily's nipple grow hard in her mouth. Lily couldn't take it for any moment longer. 

She let out one pure, sweet moan and her sticky, warm juices run down her thighs and all over Blue's fingers. Blue felt Lily's pussy throb still as it let out more of the liquid. Lily's chest heaved up and down, her tits lightly bounced as she did so. Blue took out her fingers out and licked off Lily's essence slowly. She bent down and kissed Lily. She took Lily in her arms and gently stroked her back.

"I'm glad you liked it baby. There's more where that came from." 

*****

I will be adding a part two if people like it!!