 1 pm on a Saturday. Even if it was a good day to sleep in, I still felt like a sloth. I had groggily checked the time around 11 am and then "rested my eyes" for another two hours. I yawned at the thought, and then rolled out of bed and landed on the floor. This was my ingenious way of getting myself fully awake. Graceful? Not really, but it was highly effective usually. But the cool wood felt so good against my back that I almost fell asleep again, half-naked on the floor. I was in my usual bedtime uniform of boyshorts and nothing else, but I didn't care too much. The only other person around would be my roommate, and she had seen it all before anyways. 

After a few minutes of cooling my skin on the wood, I got myself up and headed downstairs. I rubbed my eyes as I came in to the light and sauntered in to the kitchen. I opened the fridge door to look for breakfast, and froze when I heard a voice.

"Um, hi . . ." they said, and I stayed put, bent over in the fridge, clad in . . . well, very little. I leaned up slowly and peered over the top of the door.

"Oh, um, hi . . . I, obviously, didn't see you."

"Ha, that's alright . . . You know, you don't have to hide, I've got tits myself," she said with a sly smile.

"Well . . . yes, you do, true enough. You're Corrinne's sister right?"

"That'd be correct."

"Ah. Definitely forgot you were staying here this weekend. Sorry. My name's Hannah. I'd love to do a formal introduction, but at the moment, I'm literally freezing my tits off, so I'm gonna go."

She laughed and said that was alright as I turned my back to her. I closed the fridge door quickly, and then ran back up stairs, still clutching my chest as I went. 

Being the lame person I am, I hid out in my room the rest of the afternoon from embarrassment. I had a fine body and all, and was quite fond of my breasts (c-cup baby), but I certainly wasn't used to providing an unsolicited show. I'm sure that Corrinne's sister wouldn't care though. Like she said, she had just what I had. But from what I'd seen, her body was even fiercer than mine. She had lush, long red hair, the kind I had always wished I'd been born with, and the tight green dress she had been wearing set off her green eyes and accentuated her cleavage oh so nicely . . . 

I stopped myself and realized I had been checking her out. Well, that was different. Every want and need I had usually centered around a cock, but this girl was working her way in to mind, and I had only been around her for a minute or two. I had seen photos of her around the apartment her sister and I shared, but hadn't given her a second thought then. But damn, she was hot, there was no two ways about it. In fact, I wished I had gotten a peak at her legs . . .

Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. I jumped at the sound, blushed a bit, and then opened the door to my room.

"Hiya," she said. My eyes went a little wide, and I felt like I had been caught; here she was, as if she had heard my thoughts.

"Oh, hey . . . what's up?" I managed, still a little surprised.

"Well, I thought I'd see you down at dinner but you weren't around, so I thought I'd come seek you out for that formal introduction."

"Ah, yeah. Sorry I was rude earlier . . . and mostly naked . . ."

She laughed and leaned a bit closer, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone." She slid by me and came in to my room. "So," she continued, "you're Hannah."

"Yep. What's your name again? I'm sure Corrinne's told me, my memory's failing me at the moment though."

"Brenda. Nice to meet you."

"Mm, and you too," I replied, glancing at her butt as she strolled around my room. "Are you here all weekend?"

"Through tomorrow night, yeah. Are you doing anything tonight by the way? Corrinne's off with some boy and I don't want to be alone."

"Ohh . . . no, not doing anything. Um, what'd you have in mind?" I asked, absently twisting a lock of my black hair around my finger. 

"Movie sound good?"

"Sure thing. Theater?"

"Well, actually I rented a movie last night that I didn't get to watch yet. Have you ever seen Wild Orchid?"

"Don't think so . . . what's it about?"

"Umm . . . a woman working in Brazil who meets some . . . interesting people."

"Ah . . . Well yeah, whatever's good. I'll be down in a second."

"OK. Don't take too long," she said with a wink, and passed closely by me as she walked out my room. I caught her scent as she passed, and my mind went hazy. It was the sexiest combination of vanilla and spice. I took another breath in, savoring what was left of it. For some reason I couldn't help but trail a hand down over my breast, grasping at myself as I wanted to grasp her. I had no idea what had come over me, but it was setting me on fire. I tried to shake it off, and then grabbed a blanket and headed downstairs to join her. 

She looked pretty as a peach and twice as delicious lounging on the sofa. I hadn't noticed it when she was in my room, but she wasn't wearing the green dress anymore. Now she just had on a cream-colored wifebeater and a denim skirt. She definitely wasn't wearing a bra, which made me wonder if she had on anything under that skirt. But before I could sink into my fantasy land, she pulled her legs up to her and gestured to me to sit down.

"So, just so you know, I've heard this one gets a little steamy. You cool with that?" she asked, brushing away some hair that had swept across her face.

"Sounds good to me," I replied with a confident smile. 

"Oh, god, sorry . . . can you get the lights? I should've asked while you were up."

"No, that's fine," I got up and turned off all the lights, and I swore I could feel her eyes following me. When I returned to the couch, I saw down a bit closer to her than I had before. The movie was starting, but it was so hard to concentrate on it with her so close. She wasn't looking at the screen either.

"You know, you've got great legs. I didn't notice earlier since . . . well, since you were topless," she said with a flirtatious laugh. I blushed but laughed too.

"Ohh, well yeah, breasts can be distracting . . . and speaking of which, damn . . ." I had seen nudity out of the corner of my eye and looked to find a full on sex scene already happening. "Oh wow . . ." I murmured. This was no gentle, 'take it easy baby' kind of sex. The two people on screen were so sensual, so powerful. The scene didn't go on long but I was already so turned on by Brenda that I had to bite my lip not to sigh with need. Brenda's eyes were still on me, a slight smile gracing her lips. 

"I thought you might like it," she said. I looked at her, a bit confused.

"I thought you hadn't seen this?"

"Oh, no, I've seen it plenty of times. I was going to watch it alone tonight but I figured you might like it too."

"I . . . why did you think that?" I asked, a little flustered but somehow even more turned on.

"Oh, I just knew. And, you didn't give me a fast glance this morning, I saw your eyes linger . . ." she said, her voice getting lower. She shifted towards me, now fully facing me. I didn't know what to do, there wasn't really room for me to move away. And strangely, I didn't want to. 

"Um, well, I mean . . . you are gorgeous and all . . ."

"Mm, why thank you . . ." she said, leaning in even closer, "you know what else is gorgeous?

"Your eyes?" I asked as I struggled to keep my breathing steady.

"Mm, good answer . . . but personally I think these are more beautiful," she whispered, drawing one of her fingers across my lips. I closed my eyes at the sensation, letting her touch them all she wanted. Soon her hand was sweeping through my hair, and she brought my head closer to hers. I kept my eyes closed and felt the gentle brush of her lips against mine. The sheen she had on made them glide against mine effortlessly, and soon her tongue was parting my lips. I moved my hand up to her face and brushed my fingers through her thick hair. We held each other close, tasting one another, exciting one another. She brought her hand down my neck, trailing her fingers all the way to my breast. I sighed softly into her mouth in response. She gently massaged my breast through my t-shirt and moved her lips to my neck. I wrapped my arms around her and reveled in the sensations. After a few moments though, I gently pushed her back, giving her a mischievous smile. She leaned back, and I pushed her down more until she was flat against the cushions, her head propped up on the arm rest. Without a word, I climbed over her, and then gently laid my body down on top of hers. I barely let my chest graze against her though, which somehow made my nipples even harder. I leaned my head down and kissed her deeply, sucking and nipping at her bottom lip . . . tracing her lips with my tongue . . . . 

I started to slide my hand up her torso, desperate to touch her. I could see her chest rising and falling with her quickening breath. I finally grasped her in my hand, but jumped back as I heard the lock on the door being opened. I stood up quickly and walked to the other side of the room, trying to act casual. Brenda stayed on the couch, still looking at me with lust, and with a hint of amusement. She licked her lips as her sister and her boy came in.

"Hey guys, what's shakin?" Corrinne asked.

"Oh you know, movie and whatever. Hey, I've got to get to bed. Yeah, goodnight everyone." I said, rushing up the stairs, desperate not to let on to what had been happening. I got to my room, closed the door and then started breathing again. My body was still hot with need though, and I couldn't wait for Brenda to come to me now. I ripped off my shirt and unhooked my bra, letting my aching breasts feel the cool night air caress them. 

I went to my bed, undoing my jeans on the way and let them fall to the floor, soon to be followed by my damp underwear. I laid down on the mattress, fully naked, and started massaging my own breasts. I sighed with relief and grasped them hard, imagining Brenda's hands on me. I toyed with my hard nipples and excited myself more. I always had loved a rough touch on me, and pinching my nipples always did the trick when I was alone. After a minute or two, I dragged one hand down my silky torso and let it find it's way between my legs. My pussy was so wet with the thought of Brenda. I wished it was her fingers running up and down lightly along my lips. And I wished it was her fingers who were exploring me, spreading my pussy apart to find my clit. I wanted to feel her start to massage it, gently going around it in circles until my whole cunt was soaking wet with need. But for now it was just me, and I started rubbing myself intensely. 

I could feel my juices running down my ass now. I started running my fingers up and down my pussy, not missing a spot, drenching my fingers. I had my legs wide open so I could feel everything, and I pretended like I was showing Brenda how I liked to be touched. I writhed under the feel of my own hand, arching my back slightly when I hit the most sensitive spots. I massaged my clit a bit more before I slid my fingers down once again, this time stopping at my opening. I let one finger slip in, sending a small wave of pleasure through me. I slid in a second, and started rhythmically moving them in and out, so slowly at first. My second hand moved down and started massaging my clit again, causing another wave to go through me. I pushed up against the inside of myself with the two fingers that were being gripped by my own pussy. I couldn't help but moan as I felt them in me. I swore quietly under my ragged breath as I could feel my orgasm building. My legs were starting to quiver and I fucked myself harder. I was always surprised at how tight i was, but thoroughly enjoyed having my fingers gloved by my slick cunt. I pressed up even harder against myself, hoping to hit my G-spot. I was panting now, and while I hated to be heard, I couldn't stop myself. On one last rather loud exclamation, I started cumming, my back arching and my hips desperately wanting something to grind against. The waves coursed through my body and I dug my nails into my thigh as I pushed my fingers deep into myself a few more times. A few moments later, I let my shuddering body come to a rest. I lay there breathing fast, cum dripping out of my pussy, and sighed with relief. As I let the intense ecstasy course through me, I let my body relax, and I slowly slipped away to dreamland.

____________________________________

After what seemed like only a few minutes, I opened my eyes, still clouded from sleep, and saw someone sitting on my bed. I opened my eyes further, blinked, and saw it was Brenda.

"Hiya beautiful," she said, bringing my hand to her mouth. She kissed the back of my hand, and then sucked one of my fingers into her mouth; I could only moan in reply. "Mmm," she said, "Someone had fun without me."

"Ohhh, yeah . . . sorry," I said groggily.

"No need to be. I'm getting to see your lovely naked body finally, so it's all good."

I hadn't realized I was still nude, but I was. I went to grab one of the covers, but she gently pushed my hand away from them.

"Let me look at you," she said, her eyes cruising over my body. "This can be your way of making it up to me for leaving without finishing me off," she added. Slowly she stood up from the bed and met my gaze. I looked deep into her eyes, and trusted her. 

I sat up and turned to her, anxious to see what she was up to. She ran both of her hands down her torso, and then slowly lifted up her shirt. I sucked in a breath as her breasts came in to view. Instantly I wanted to taste her skin, feel her hard nipples in my mouth; she had sweet pink nipples that just begged to be sucked on. She must've seen the change in my eyes because she gave me a devious smile, and dropped her skirt down. Now my mind was blank, and my mouth dry. She hadn't been wearing any underwear. A light bit of red hair graced her skin. Ohh, she was trying to kill me with lust. Before she could do anything else though I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me, bringing her down on top of my body. I held her to me, fully enjoying the pressure of her on top of me, her hot pussy so close to mine. Our breasts pushed up against one another as I clutched her even closer, kissing her fiercely on the mouth. I ran my nails down her back and raked my fingers through her hair, encouraging the wetness between my own legs. With my hand that was on her back, I pushed her up, bringing her breasts level with my mouth. They were so tantalizingly firm and slightly bigger than my own. I looked up at her as I took one of her nipples into my mouth, and then closed my eyes with pleasure as I finally got to taste her skin. She sighed softly at the first contact. I sucked at her more, trying to be gentle at first, teasing slightly. As her sighs grew though, I slid a hand down to her ass and gripped her, massaging her slightly. I nipped at her other breast, and gave her a quick bite. She drew in a fast breath and arched slightly. I bite her again, and her nails dug in my shoulder where she held on to me. After another lick at her nipple, she dropped herself back down on me and tried to push me down on to the bed.

"No . . . mmh, no babes, it's your turn," I told her. I shifted my body and pushed her down on to the mattress, her hair spreading out all over my pillows. As I climbed on top of her for the second time that night, I drew my knee up between her legs, spreading her open for me. I drew my other leg up further along side of her, letting my pussy rub up against her body. She met my mouth with ferocity, shoving her tongue between my lips before I could get mine in hers. I arched my back slightly so I could push my cunt down harder on her and keep my mouth on her at the same time. She didn't let me keep my lips on her for long though as she lowered her head and bit my neck, causing me to moan. She sucked at me for a few seconds, but before she could move down any further, I slid my knee away from her soaking pussy and let my body follow. I ran my hands down her torso as I kissed my way down her . . . and her back arched as I finally reached her heat. I gave her slit a quick lick and looked up at her. 

Her eyes were closed, her red hair cascading over her chest that was rising and falling with staggered breaths. I kept my eyes on her while I slowly slid my tongue between her lips. At the first taste of her wetness I shuddered slightly, and so did she. I spread her open and ran my tongue slowly up her. She moaned and pushed my head down on her. I smiled to myself and licked her again, and she cried out. I started circling her clit as I had done my own earlier, slowly and gently, torturing her with my pace. Her hand pushed down even harder on me, but I took my time, enjoying watching her twist under me. I pressed down on her firmly this time and she jumped, which sent a jolt of pure feminine joy through me. I brought my lips to her and sucked on her sweet clit. She moaned again, and I took more of her into my mouth, letting the heat arouse her further. My tongue brushed against her over and over. The taste of her was intoxicating, and I knew I needed more. I bent my head down and pushed at one of her legs, opening her up fully to me. I dipped my tongue into her hot and fast and she cried out my name, which only encouraged me more. I licked the inside of her, her wetness covering my mouth. I couldn't help but bury my face deep into it. I kept my fingers moving over her clit as I tormented her with my tongue. 

Her back wasn't even touching the sheets as her body writhed up and down. Her hips started coming up to meet my face. But I moved away, not ready for her to cum yet, even though my own pussy was aching with need and dripping wet. I bit the inside of her thigh, and then plunged two of my fingers into her slick cunt. She moaned and her one hand clung on to a pillow. I started moving my fingers in and out of her, desperate to fuck her til she came. Her body kept moving and she was breathing so fast now, moaning and sighing, driving me crazy. I brought my head back down to her and licked at her clit as I thrust three fingers into her now. She gasped and started cumming. I kept pumping her with my fingers and sucking at her clit. Her juices were all over my hand, dripping out of her, and my face was covered in the taste of her too. I could feel her body pulling at my fingers inside of her, sending radiating pulses through her. She twisted and groaned for a few more seconds, and then collapsed against the mattress. I gave her pussy one more kiss, and then moved up her body, sliding my slick skin against hers. I gave her a firm kiss on the mouth.

"Mmm, Hannah . . ." she barely whispered, "I can taste myself on you."

"Here . . ." I said, and brought my cum-soaked fingers to her lips. She licked at them, and then sucked one into her mouth. I was still wet with lust and the feeling made me want to cum even more. Brenda looked up at me and must've seen what I needed. 

"Where's your vibe honey?"

"Oh, um . . . god, it's right there," I gestured at the shelf behind her, though I could barely talk after hearing her ask that. She reached back behind her and felt around until she found it. She kissed it, and then brought it down to my opening. I leaned back on to the bed and lifted my leg up, holding myself open for her. She gently slid it in me and I gasped at the feeling. It filled me perfectly and she quickly started pumping me with it. She had barely had it in me for half a minute before I felt my orgasm build.

"Oh god Brenda, faster . . . ohhh fuck, please . . ." I begged. She shoved it in even deeper, and I cried out as the first bolt hit me. I moved my body against the vibe, fucking it as she fucked me. My cum dripped out of me and down all over my leg. I shivered violently on the last orgasmic wave, and then collapsed along side her. We were both breathing hard as we lay there, naked and spent. After a few seconds Brenda started giggling and I couldn't help but laugh too. Who could've guessed I'd end up having amazing sex with her after this morning and me running away that evening. But I looked over at her and smiled, and she cuddled against me. We held each other and within a few more minutes, we were both asleep. 
