 The dense, humid air on the platform had been annoying Thea, and she breathed a cool sigh of relief from the conditioned interior of the subway car. Looking immediately for an open spot, she took the only empty seat on one side of the car, leaving Shane sandwiched between Thea's parents opposite her. The longing look on the faces of her parents and the awkward expression on Shane's face made her regret her quick moves, but she wasn't about to give up her seat now. Turning away from the clinging looks of her party, she perused the characters on the train, internally praising and criticizing each in turn- for a well chosen outfit, sloppy style or rude, glazed stare. 

Sitting to the right of her were two girls, both wearing trendy, athletic apparel in startlingly well-matched ensembles. Neither of them attracted her attention much, until the sturdier of the two, sitting further away, glanced at her with a pair of deep aqua eyes. Nice, she thought, but then turned away to check out the incredibly burly Latino man on her left. Just as she looked away, though, the girl with the eyes leaned forward and rested her elbows on her parted knees, brushing her friend's leg as she did so. As soon as it happened, her wandering eyes flicked back to the couple and then met Shane's smiling eyes. 

Thea smiled too, and the two of them made a silent connection with the other "us" on the train. At the next stop, Thea's parents got off, waved goodbye till tomorrow's brunch, and headed back to their hotel to wash off the filthy city and curl up for a rejuvenating night of sleep. Thea stood with her parents and claimed the seat next to Shane, taking her hand and getting a better look as the couple now sitting at a diagonal from her. And she was suddenly glad she chose the seat closer to them so she sat between Shane and the dykes across the way, protecting her claim. She wrapped her arms around Shane in a quick hug as the train pulled away, and saw her grimace and grip the back of her neck. Kissing her hand away, she started massaging Shane's neck and kissing her hair as she felt the weight of Shane's head on her shoulder.

The train stopped again and the girl with the eyes turned to the window behind her, as if looking for someone on the platform. As she did this, she slipped her arm nonchalantly over her partner's shoulders. Shane laughed silently next to Thea. In the next few moments, the girl with the eyes had manipulated her position so that it mirrored Thea's exactly. Thea nestled her face into Shane's neck and giggled, "They're following us!" Shane smiled back and kissed her on the cheek. 

They glanced across the car and watched the girl with the eyes plant a soft kiss on her girlfriend's cheek. The four of them rode for awhile in silence, sneaking a look at each other every few seconds, Thea and the girl with the eyes keeping protective grasps on their human treasures. After awhile, Thea's eyes started to wander and stopped on the figure of her opponent's girlfriend. She was smaller than her blue-eyed companion. She was equally athletic, and the attractive curve of her muscled arm held Thea's attention for a moment. At her feet was a small backpack with an id tag attached. "Emily", it said. The girl with the eyes was holding a similar card, which stated her name in the same bold letters; "Jack". How appropriate, Thea thought. Her mother must have named her Jacqueline and been simply devastated when her daughter turned out to be a sporty dyke who refused to go by the girlie name and chose something utterly masculine instead.

Thea chuckled and turned her gaze back to Emily. She wore a white basketball jersey and a pair of fitted sweats that showed her tanned calves and ankles above her basketball shoes. Thea loved ankles. Something about the innate femininity of a woman's ankles, especially when she was a particularly butch woman, emphasized that dynamic of feminine dominance (such a conflicting, paradoxicdal, beautiful thing) that Thea so loved. 

She let her eyes linger there on Emily's lower legs for a moment, but then she crossed her ankles and Thea's eyelids fluttered and met Jack's entrancing eyes. The two of them locked stares and fought in a silent, still minute. The look on the Jack's face suggested that Thea had crossed the line by violating her property with a gaze. The train stopped and Shane stood to get off, but Thea, still staring into those aqua eyes, pulled Shane back down next to her, clutching the back of her neck, and kissed her. Shane pulled back almost immediately and hissed, "What are you doing?"

"There's nobody around baby- don't you want me?" Thea replied in a soothing, almost misogynist tone. Shane glanced behind her around the car. The only remaining passengers were a black man in his mid-thirties standing by the center doorway, an old Asian couple dozing in the opposite corner, and the girl with the eyes, who, Shane noticed, was now playfully nibbling her partner's neck. She had seen that look in Thea's eyes before, and it was not one she wished to argue with. Overt resistance or not, Shane knew that she would somehow end up kissing Thea on the subway that night, so why try to argue? With a sigh, Shane wrapped her arms around Thea's waist and kissed her passionately.

At the next stop, the Asian couple hobbled off the train, Jack put her hand under Emily's jersey as she kissed her open mouth. Thea put her legs on Shane's lap and took her head in both hands, exploring Shane's tongue, cheeks, and teeth with her tongue. The black man by the doors caught sight of the girls' goings on and at the next stop, hastily stepped off the train while looking back a number of times as if to question the reality of what he was seeing. 

As the train pulled away, Jack glanced up at Thea's progress and, still watching them, she pulled up Emily's jersey to the bottom of her sports bra, and bent down to lick the length of her abs and slide her hands under the jersey, slowly but firmly caressing her breasts, kneading and scratching the skin. Emily closed her eyes and put her head back, her hands in her lover's hair. Thea clearly recognized the challenge and took it, first straddling Shane, pressing their bodies close together, and pulling open her button down shirt (was that a button that popped off?). Thea ran her fingers over the soft heavy mounds on Shane's chest, caressing her nipples softly, rolling them between her fingers, scratching them lightly with her long nails. 

Thea pulled her lips away from Shane, a smile playing on her lips as she watched Shane catch her breath, breathe in deeply, and bite her lip in pleasure. A quick glance back at their rivals ensured Thea that Jack was gaining equal momentum with Emily poised over her knee, which was pressed firmly between Emily's legs, and one hand flicking beneath her jersey. An announcement came over the speaker system; they were at the last Manhattan stop. 

Thea stood and took Shane's hand. She pulled her up from her seat, and looking behind her, Thea cast a challenging stare at Jack, and led Shane off the train. Thea had been wearing a shawl for the breezy evening, and laid it across one of the wooden seats made for waiting passengers. She pulled Shane around her and pushed her down in the seat, climbing on top of her again, kissing her passionately. Shane glanced around the platform before she relaxed. It was empty. Jack and Emily came out of the train in a few seconds and took account of the scene. 

Jack saw Thea's hand slide between Shane's legs and her hand squeezed Emily's in anger, frustration, desire- she didn't know which. She swiftly pulled Emily onto the platform and over to one of the tiled support rods along the edge of the platform. She paused. Jack had always been afraid of the germs in subway stations. God knows how many passengers and homeless people passed through them every day, and left God knows what behind them. 

Jack turned to look momentarily at Thea. She was rubbing her fingers firmly over Shane's pants. Shane's legs were spread apart and her head was back. Thea looked over at Jack with the eyes she would have given Shane at that moment to declare, "I'm fucking you." And Jack was not about to be fucked. She turned to Emily and pushed her forcefully against the support, pressing her body against Emily's and kissing her hard. She turned Emily's head to the side and licked her from her collar bone, slowly up her neck to the lobe of her ear. 

She paused there, and ran her fingers lightly up the inside of Emily's strong, tan arms. This was her secret. Whenever she touched that soft skin on the inside of Emily's forearm, whether they were in bed or at the grocery store, Emily shuddered and gave Jack a look of pure lust. Emily did this now, turning to look at Jack with hot, wet eyes. Jack pushed Emily's head to the side again and bit her neck once, twice, and then ran her tongue lightly over Emily's earlobe. Emily shivered, and a tiny sound escaped her lips.

Jack heard Thea turn around to look at her immediately- she had heard Emily. Instead of looking back, Jack slid her hand down Emily's back, over her ass, and down the back of her firm thigh. She pulled Emily's leg up and hooked Emily's knee over her own hip. Then she took her lover by both arms and raised them above Emily's head, holding her at the wrists with one hand while she unbuttoned and unzipped her pants with the other. She slid her hand down Emily's stomach, under her pants and underwear, and into the hot, wet skin that had been waiting for her touch. Jack knew Emily liked it slow, but she was impatient. Jack rubbed her quickly, so Emily was breathing hysterically in seconds. 

Jack looked back to see Thea slide down between Shane's open legs. Thea herself didn't know how exactly she had managed this. She pulled Shane's loose men's pants down just far enough that she could get to Shane's body. Shane lay open on Thea's shawl, and Thea slipped her tongue between Shane's wet lips. She licked her from bottom to top, tasting the sharp metallic wetness of her vagina and then the softer, earthy flavor of her clitoris. Shane moaned quietly as Thea pleasured her with her tongue. 

Thea could tell that Emily was close to getting off under Jack's talented fingers, so Thea slid her fingers through the wet flesh right below the spot where her tongue flicked over Shane's swollen skin. Thea's fingers slid inside Shane easily. She started with one, and heard the pitch of Shane's moans deepen. Thea pulled out and licked Shane slowly three times, hard licks directly over her clit; one, two, and on the third, she thrust her fingers deep inside her lover. Shane's breath caught in her throat and she nearly let go of a scream, but didn't. 

Thea could hear Emily's moans coming louder and faster from across the platform, where Jack had hoisted her nearly off the ground and was working between her legs with quick, heavy strokes as she breathed in Emily's ears. Thea thrust into Shane again, feeling Shane's hot flesh envelope her fingers, tightening and relaxing with every move she made. Thea sped up, her tongue flicking quickly to the rhythm of her fingers, which she pumped in and out of Shane's body, faster and faster. Shane wasn't giving up, though. 

Thea cursed the quiet nature of her lover for a moment, and realized that she was not going to get the results she wanted in this direct fashion. She wondered that Emily wasn't rubbed raw by now, but Jack was still working her, Emily's head pounding against the support beam with each stroke of Jack's hand. Thea stopped suddenly. She pulled her hands and tongue away from Shane and put her face next to Shane's. Her lover's eyes were closed but her brows were furrowed. "Why did you stop?" She asked breathily.

"I want you to want it more," whispered Thea. "Listen to that woman," she continued, and the two of them heard Emily's moans rising to climax. "I want you to want me that loud. I want you to scream for me." Thea breathed into Shane's ear. "Let me hear you," and she thrust her fingers suddenly into Shane's tight hole. 

Shane let out a surprised moan, bordering on a scream, that made Jack look over. "Louder," commanded Thea, and thrust again. Shane screamed. "Good," Thea cooed. She thrust into Shane again and again, faster and faster, until Shane's screams turned into one tortured noise and she yelled, "Please don't stop fucking me, I'm so close," Jack stopped touching Emily altogether and turned to look at Thea and Shane. Thea stared back, and as she did, she saw Emily tense and cum under the light pressure of Jack's still fingers on her clit. 

As Jack watched Shane, Thea saw her opponent's lover throw her head back and open her mouth wide, her whole body shaking. Thea smiled and turned to Shane. She put her tongue back to work, and within three soft strokes on Shane's swollen clit, Shane came hard, and screamed as she did. Thea put her mouth over Shane's so quiet her and held her as she came into her fingers, her hands as she lay in Thea's arms. With Shane quieted, Jack looked back to her own lover, who's leg and wrists had dropped and whose body was collapsed in exhaustion. Jack and Emily looked each other in the eye. "Where did you go?" was all that Emily said, but Jack just stared back.

On the way home, Thea leaned on Shane's shoulder and Shane kissed her hair. Neither of them spoke until they stepped off the train on their own platform and started up the stairs to their apartment. As they took the last two steps up to ground level, Shane took Thea's hand. "Well, I guess we showed them," she said at last. Thea smiled back at her. "I guess we only have one more thing to do tonight," Shane said. 

"Oh, what's that babe?" Thea asked. Shane twisted Thea's arm behind her back and pulled her in close, forcing Thea's legs around Shane's knee. "Well you didn't expect me to scream that loud without making you do the same, did you?" She laughed, and hoisted Thea harder onto her thigh, pulling her body close. "You had your fun," she whispered playfully in Thea's ear as Thea groaned from the pressure between her legs. "Not it's my turn."