 A sudden stab of pain woke me from the light sleep I had drifted in to. I had been lying on my stomach and some how must have snagged the ring on my blanket causing it to catch and pull painfully. I rolled over and raised myself on one arm to stare down at the shiny gold ring threaded through my clit. It had been over a week now since my Mistress had had me pierced, it was still slightly painful but every time l looked at it i felt that warm buzz of arousal and contentment. It was a symbol of ownership, i wore my Mistresses ring and i belonged totally to her. i pulled gently on the ring and sighed with pleasure, then tugged a little harder and moaned softly as the sensations grew stronger.

Reluctantly before temptation got the better of me i stopped tugging on the ring. Mistress controlled my pleasure now, she decided when i could orgasm, i was not allowed to touch myself without my Mistresses permission. Mistress was very strict about that and i knew i would be severely punished if i was disobedient. i lay back on the bed with the familiar dull aching sensation in my stomach, it had been over a week since Mistress had allowed me to cum and i squeezed my thighs together tightly in frustration. my room was in the basement of my Mistresses house, it had a bed, a toilet and shower and it was where I lived, locked in whenever my Mistress didn't need me. i was allowed to listen to music and to read in my room when i wasn't being used but Mistress always chose what i could listen to and read, because she said, slaves must be controlled at all times. Mistress chose classical music for me to listen to and books on poise and deportment and good manners and a collection of Victorian magazines with instructions on how domestic servants should behave. All things i needed to study and know to help me become the perfect submissive.

i heard the key turn in the lock and instantly leapt from the bed to kneel on the floor. Thighs apart, back straight, head lowered, eyes fixed on the floor and my hands clasped behind my back. The correct submissive position to greet my Mistress. Keeping my eyes fixed firmly on the floor I listened to the sharp click clack of my Mistresses heels as she came down the steps and across the room towards me. When her feet appeared before me I lowered my face to kiss her shoes. I am not allowed to raise my head until my Mistress gives permission. Mistress say's I must do this so I am constantly reminded of my status, that I belong to her and that I am her slave who's sole purpose is to please her and to show complete obedience. 

For the next few minutes I grovelled at my Mistresses feet, covering her shoes in kisses while she stood over me until she was satisfied with my humility and devotion, then she ordered me to stand. I rose quickly to my feet and assumed the inspection position, legs wide apart and hands clasped behind my head so my body was open and available to her so she could do whatever she wished to me.

She was comfortable with her command over me and with an imperious and condescending stare her eyes slowly roamed over my naked body and I shivered as I felt her mastery and authority over power me. Under her dominating stare I felt weak and humble, I was her possession. Owner and owned, slave and Mistress. She smiled slowly, confident that I found her supremacy and dominance irresistible and that I would be powerless to refuse her bidding.

Mistress Val brought the tip of her crop to my mouth and forced it gently between my lips. I tasted the cold leather as she pressed it down on my tongue,

"Every time you move, close your legs, drop your hands you will feel my crops sting just to remind you to obey your Mistress" She smiled slowly.

Taking her time she started to softly caress my face with the tip of her crop, stroking each cheek and lightly drawing it across my lips. I could hardly breath I felt so excited. Then she slowly moved the tip of the crop seductively down my neck and across my throat and slowly down my breasts. I felt the sensuous caress of the leather as it lightly circled my breasts and I whimpered as I felt the heat in my belly and the moisture trickle down my thigh. She watched my face and flicked the tip of the crop at my hard nipples. I gasped and moaned softly at the painful but sensual sensations that soared in my breasts. She moved behind me out of my sight and began to caress my bare back and bottom, drawing the crop slowly down my spine making me shiver. I twisted my neck round, trying to see her out of the corner of my eye and instantly received a sharp stroke from her crop on my bottom. I heard her chuckle as I quickly turned my face back to the front.

I felt the leather crop stroke lightly over the soft flesh of my bottom and I shivered knowing that with a flick of her wrist, the soft sensuous caress would turn to fire and pain. It was her right to give me pain or pleasure. If the whim took her, she could inflict fiery hot stripes of pain on my defenceless flesh. I am her slave and she can do whatever she pleases to me. I am her pet to be used for her amusement and pleasure. I felt so vulnerable, scared and excited and it thrilled me. My submissive desires made me feel hot, weak and so aroused.

In this position I could not see my Mistress. I could only feel the tip of the leather crop as it moved lightly over my body, caressing my bare back and bottom. My Mistress began to flick the crop at my bottom and the backs of my upper thighs using light tapping strokes that left a sharp stinging sensation that was painful but sensual. My skin started to feel hot and I squirmed at each flick and struggled not to drop my hands or move out of position. I fought the urge to rub away the pain and trembling forced myself to stand still and keep my hands clasped tightly behind my head like a good obedient slave girl that I so desired to be for my Mistress.

I let out a long slow breath when as if in reward for my obedience I felt my Mistresses hands softly caress my bottom, soothing away the sting of the crop. Sensuously rubbing and massaging my hot flesh. It felt delicious and I groaned as I felt her soft hands slide slowly around my body and up along my stomach to my bare breasts. I shivered as she kissed the back of my neck while her hands caressed my breasts, cupping and massaging them, rubbing and kneading them. I was completely lost now, my body unresisting as she played with me. My knees felt weak and I longed to turn around and embrace her tightly, to hold and kiss her and sink in her arms. But I couldn't, I knew I must force myself to stand still while she tormented and teased me to distraction.

My Mistress laughed softly and pressed herself against me and I felt her hard nipples press into my back and I whimpered with desire and frustration. My body quivered and jumped like a puppet on a string as she played with me. Her hands stated to slide slowly and softly lower over my bare stomach and lower still as she continued to kiss the back of my neck, all the time whispering in my ear that she owned me, that I was her slave girl and she could do whatever she wished to me. Until I was trembling with desire, my breath coming out in ragged gasps and my heart almost pumping its way out of my chest. I swayed as I struggled to maintain my position under her playful fingers.

She laughed, delighted at how excited she had made me and letting me go she stood in front of me.

"Good girl. Now I want to see how well you can control your self. I'm going to have a little fun with you and I want to see if you can be a good girl and not orgasm. If you're good I might allow you to pleasure your Mistress." 

I blushed at her words, the humiliation I felt made my stomach churn tightly with desire. She placed her hands on my hips and I shivered at her touch and tried to control the passion that blazed inside me. She looked into my face and laughed softly and I knew she could see the lust in my eyes and feel the hungry desire that I felt towards her and the fire that pulsed through my body.

"Remember my little slave," she whispered teasingly "Under no circumstances will you be allowed to cum unless I give you permission." 

She laughed again, she could see the desperation in my eyes and she knew just how much her teasing words were irresistible to me, making me more and more excited.

Keeping her eyes on mine I felt her fingers begin to lightly stroke the inside of my thighs. It felt so sensual the way she delicately caressed the silky smooth flesh, it sent uncontrollable tremors through my body. She watched as I squirmed under her touch as her fingers slowly slid up along my thighs and I whimpered when I felt a finger touch the wetness that coated my puffy lips. She smiled at me pleased at finding her slave girl so hot and slutty for her. My bodies reaction told her just how excited I was.

I felt her finger tip very slowly and gently trace along my lower lips and then I gasped as it parted them and slipped inside me. She looked into my eyes as she explored. I swayed my hips to the movement of her probing finger deep inside me. Gasping and making small meowing noises I stood on tiptoe as she used the reaction on my face to search out the hot spots that made me moan and shiver uncontrollably. I whimpered and struggled to keep still. Forcing my hands to stay tightly clasped behind my head as her fingers explored, I could feel them moving deep inside me, twisting and rubbing, teasing and tormenting. And all the time her eyes never left my face. I felt I was melting, sinking into the deep dark pools of her bewitching eyes.

I twitched violently as I felt her fingers start to caress my hard bud, taking it between her finger and thumb she squeezed gently. Oh God! Waves of delicious sensations engulfed me as she massaged my bud between her fingers. I shut my eyes tightly and screwed up my face in anguish. I felt myself swaying and trembling and my stomach turned over as I fought back the hot waves that were threatening to over power me. I felt her apply more gentle pressure and I rocked backwards on my heels groaning. It was too much! I felt I must give in...I couldn't stand it any more. The steady unrelenting pressure increased and I almost screamed out as her fingers continued to massage my throbbing bud. 

"Do this for your Mistress, do this for her! Suffer for her and don't cum, be good, be a good slave." I screamed the words over and over in my head.

Suddenly I felt her grip relax and through a trembling, shaking daze I heard her voice.

"Good girl, well done. I think you've earned your reward" She said, smiling at me.

"I'll give you a choice...you can cum now or you can use your tongue to give me pleasure. You can not have both, and you will not be given another chance to cum for at least the next three days."

God I wanted to cum...I was almost screaming for permission. In spite of my earth shattering need to cum, it was my Mistresses pleasure that I more desired.

"Please Mistress, I want to use my tongue to please you." I said with little hesitation.

Mistress smiled at me and opened her legs.