 What is it with men. I think everyone of them has a fantasy involving two women. My husband and I have talked about this subject many times. Usually at the end of one of our dating evenings, without the kids, over a few drinks. When I was younger, (in college) this one girl I met, Bonnie, latched on to me and we kissed and played with each others tits a few times. That’s all that ever happened. I finally found the courage to tell my husband a couple of months ago. You should have seen his eyes. The thought of his wife with another woman was more than he could ever imagine. I never thought much of it, because like most young women, experimentation is part of growing up. I must admit, the thought of watching a woman play with herself does get me wet. As much as I blame men, most women probably have some lesbian tendencies. I found this out last week.

It was a beautiful fall day in the northwest. 73 degrees and sunny. My daughter was having a friend over for a “playdate”. Ah to be four years old again. Well maybe not four. Its very heart warming to see her having fun. Jennifer and Elizabeth were playing away up stairs. Lori, Elizabeth’s mother, and I were chatting in the kitchen. We started talking about families and this and that. Lori was getting emotional about her recent ailment and started to cry. Her limbs have been numb for quite sometime, and the doctors don’t know what’s wrong. She was obviously feeling overwhelmed. My Motherly instincts took over, and I gave her a comforting hug. She did not want to let go. Suddenly she said, “Oh Mary you are such a good friend”, and gave me a kiss - full on the lips. It wasn’t a “friendly” kiss. It was passionate. I felt this incredible tingling sensation throughout my body. I couldn't believe that I was feeling this way. She said, “I’m sorry Mary. Your hug felt so good, I just couldn’t help myself”.

I realized that there was more to this than her ailment. “Let’s sit on the couch, Lori”, I said. We moved to the couch. “Lori, there’s obviously something else going on. Do you want to talk about it?” At that point my daughter yelled down and asked me to come up stairs and help her. “Hold that thought, Lori”, I said. I returned from helping my daughter, and Lori was in the same spot staring into space. “Okay Lori, what’s going on?” Lori paused a minute, and then began to speak. She said, “My husband hasn’t made love to me in over three months.” “It’s my ailment, but he says it isn’t”. “When you hugged me, it felt so good, I just could control myself”.

I was stunned. I didn’t know what to say. We sat in silence for what seemed like 30 minutes. I finally reached out and grasped Lori’s hand. “I’m sorry, Lori. I’m just trying to imagine what it must be like not to have your husband hold you, or touch you”. “Brian tends to be the opposite. He can’t keep his hands off me”. She looked so sad; I reached out and hugged her again. As we were holding each other, she kept telling me how good it felt. I felt helpless. As we were holding each other, I said, “When was the last time you had a real good orgasm”? This time I took her by surprise. She pulled away from our hug and put her head down. I could tell she was embarrassed.

She raised her head and looked at me. “Mary, I haven’t even masturbated in a month!!” I could believe it. I said, “YOU”RE KIDDING!!” Well this didn’t help, she started crying again. I apologized for the comment, and reached out and grabbed her. I started running my hands up and down her back. She started doing the same to me. I couldn’t believe it; I was actually getting wet at her touch. I pulled her away from the hug, starred into her eyes, which were bright red from crying and jokingly said, “you’re a mess!!” That brought a smile to her face. She leaned forward and kissed me again. This time it was more like a friendly kiss. As she was pulling back from the kiss, I pulled her back and gave her a wet, passionate kiss. She melted in my arms. As my tongue was working in her mouth, she was moaning.

As we broke the kiss, her breathing was shallower. She said, “What are you going to do to me?” I reached out and ran the back of my hand across her cheek a few times, and said, “Make you feel like a woman again”. I ran my hand slowly down her neck, and through the middle of her breasts. Her breathing was getting heavy. I used the back of my hand to circle her small, firm breasts a few times before I used the palm of my hands to squeeze them. She just closed her eyes and started mumbling, “God, that feels incredible!!” I said, “Touch me the way I’m touching you.” Her hands were trembling. She reached out and started squeezing my tits. “Oh!! You’re not wearing a bra!!” she stated. “No, Brian hates me wearing them.” I bent over and whispered in her ear, “I’m not wearing any panties either!” She gasped. “Would you like to feel?” I said. She stopped caressing my tits and moved her hand to my crotch. She could feel the dampness of my wet pussy as she touched the crotch of my black stretch pants.

Out of habit, she started slowly rubbing my pussy. I started to moan. She pulled back, and said, “Oh, I’m sorry Mary. It just felt natural.” “That’s okay Lori, it feels great. You don’t have to stop.” I looked down and noticed a very wet spot forming on Lori’s stretch pants. I moved my hands down to feel her wetness. The second I touched her wet pussy, she started shaking. I thought she was having an orgasm right then. “My God Lori, you are so wet. Lets get you out of these things.” She said, “Wait, what about the girls upstairs?” I said, “They’re watching Barbie. They’ll be fine”. Lori stood up, and started to take off her pants. She stopped, and said, “Mary, I’ve never done this with another woman. I’m very nervous!!” “Lori, I’ve never done this with another woman either.” Without saying a word, Lori continued pulling her pants down. She had a nice little patch of hair that was glistening from her pussy juice. Once her pants were off, I told her to remove her top too. She did so without hesitation. She had small breasts, with perfect areolas. 

“Lay Down right here”, I said. She lay down and I parted her legs. I could smell her wetness. It was intoxicating. I reached up and grabbed her breasts with my hand. “OH MARY!!” she moaned. I lightly pinched her nipples between a couple of fingers. Along with pinching her nipples, I slowly kissed my way up her thigh, over her mound and back down the other thigh. She was squirming and panting. I did the same thing, only this time; I used the fingers on my other hand to expose her clit, which was extremely swollen. She was begging me, “Please don’t tease me too much. It’s been so long. I really need to cum”. Like I said before, I felt helpless and she knew it. I started licking her clit. Her eyes rolled back into her head. She was in another world. She kept saying, “Oh sweetheart!! OH babe!! Oh sweetheart!! Oh sugar!!” I knew she was getting close. Her hips started bucking. She was there.. “OH MY GOD!! I’M GOING TO CUM MARY!! YEAH, YEAH,YEAH…….” She came for four or five minutes. I stopped licking her, but her body just kept quivering. I started gently rubbing her clit with my hand. My other hand was now gently caressing her tits. She just kept cumming and cumming… After she calmed down, I kissed her pussy one more time, each nipple, and her lips. She just lay there naked on my couch smiling at me. She looked like a new woman.

She kept telling me how awesome that was and how good I was. I’d never done it before. But a woman knows what a woman likes. She sat up and noticed that the wet spot on my pants was bigger. She said, “Can I return the favor??” I looked at her lustfully and said, “No! I have another treat for you.” Her eyes lit up. I said relax a minute, I will be right back. I went upstairs to check on the girls and grab a couple of my favorite toys. I returned, hiding them behind my back. “How are the girls doing?” she asked. “Fine!” I said. “What are you hiding?” she asked. “Have you ever used a vibrator?” I said. She was lying naked on my couch and actually blushed. She said, “I’ve wanted to try one, but I just can’t go into those sex shops!!” “Lori, it’s not that bad!!” I moved my hands from my back and had to vibrators. One in each hand. “Which one would you like to try?” I asked. She just pointed to one. I handed it to her, stood up and slowly removed my clothing. She was eyeing me. “Wow!! You have a great body Mary.” “I love you nipples. They’re perfect”. I thanked her, and laid down facing her on the couch. What an erotic sight. Our pussies’ inches apart, spread and waiting for action. I was already wet, and she was getting wet again, which proved she like the erotic feeling as well.

“What’s that purple rubber thing your putting on your vibrator?” Lori asked. I winked at her and said; “I’ll show you in a minute”. I instructed her to turn on the vibrator. She giggled as it started buzzing. I said, “When you like the speed, hold your pussy lips open with your other hand like this, and start moving the vibrator up and down like this.” I started moaning as soon as my toy touched my swollen clit. I closed my eyes but could tell when the vibrator hit her clit by the sounds she was making. I opened my eyes and looked right at her. God she looked hot rubbing her clit with my vibrator. I was right there. “I’M CUMMING LORI. RIGHT NOWWWWWWW!!!!!!”. I tried to keep my eyes open but couldn’t. As I was finishing my climax, Lori was starting hers. She kept saying, “Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Here it cums!!!! Oh Mary, THHHHANNKKKK YOOOOUUUUUU……..”

After she calmed down, I looked at her and said, “Here’s where the purple part comes into play”. I was already wet, so I didn’t need any lubrication. She was watching me intently. I moved the purple toy to my wet hole. I teased myself by pushing it in and out a little bit. “God this feels so good, Lori”, I moaned. Then I pushed it in deep. I was watching Lori’s reaction when I shoved it into my wet hole. She was biting her lip and squeezing her nipples. I started to fuck myself with it. Moving it in and out of my wetness faster and faster. She started fingering herself. Both of my hands were working it now. I was getting close. She kept fingering herself faster and faster. I said, “Lori!! Look at me. Keep your eyes open”. “Okay!!”, she said as her breathing quickened. “I’m going to explode Lori, cum with me.” I couldn’t hold out, I came bucking like a bronco bull. Our eyes met, and Lori said, “It my turn. YES!!, YES!!, YES!! THANKKKKKKK YOUUUUUUUU….” Our eyes never blinked. It was the one of the most erotic experiences I ever had. After resting a couple a minutes, we both started to get up and our wet, spent pussies’ touched. We quickly looked at each other. It was electric. “Something for next time??”, Lori said.