 It was late in the evening in mid-June, as I stepped outside to head across to the neighbour's house. I had watched people walking in and out all afternoon in tuxedos and beautiful ball gowns. The new neighbours were rich beyond belief, having built a glorious house in our small neighbourhood. All afternoon I had been searching high and low for a half-decent dress to wear, and finally (begrudgingly) settled on my sister's old prom dress. It was a beautiful dress, but not quite as high-brow as the others – shapely and slinky, it looked good on my body. I had noticed the neighbour's son; he was a couple of years older than me but he was gorgeous. Telling myself I wasn't trying to impress him, I adjusted my breasts; the dress did them justice – they looked full and pillowy, accentuating my waist. I angled my hips away from the mirror, pleased to see how round my ass looked in the pink silk. My hair was in a sort-of up-do (I had tried my best), and fine strands were hanging against my neck. I sighed, hoping I wouldn't stand out too much, and headed outside.

I knocked on the door, and a girl my own age - she couldn't have been older than 19 - answered. She was blonde, slightly shorter than me and slightly curvier. Very – very – pretty. I smiled sheepishly, painfully aware of my outfit, especially now I had seen hers. She was wearing a gold mermaid dress with a very deep V neck. Her hair was loose, but I was drawn to the very high slit running up her enviably shapely legs.

"Hi, I'm Marie. You're the neighbour from the blue house, right?"

"Yeah, hi, yeah that's me, I'm Annie. I love your dress-" I faltered. 'Why did you bring up dresses you idiot? Why would you draw any kind of attention to outfits right now?!'

"Thank you! You look great as well." She was kind, at least.

"Actually, I feel kind of ridiculous. This is all I had but it's pretty out-of-place, don't you think?"

"No! It's beautiful. I have some you could borrow if you really feel that uncomfortable, though."

"Wow really, would you mind?" I couldn't believe my luck. I felt rude asking, but I could feel the eyes on me; my other option was to bail on the whole night and go home. 

"Not at all, come downstairs we'll try some on!" She led me by the hand to an elevator – yes, a freaking elevator! – and we stepped inside.

"Oh, wait, I'm gonna go say hi to someone they just came in, I'll be right down after you." I smiled and nodded as she hopped out and headed towards the door. This place is insane, I thought to myself as the elevator doors closed on the room full of at least 100 people wearing elegant dresses and suits, drinking champagne. 

Once in her bedroom, I sat on the king-size bed, feeling the soft, luxurious sheets between my fingers. 'I have GOT to be friends with this rich bitch', I thought to myself. I stood up and studied my appearance in her giant mirror. She was right – I did look pretty great. My hand found its way to my left breast and began gently massaging. I closed my eyes and imagined the neighbours' perfect son – Marie's brother, I guess – behind me, holding me and kissing my neck, his hands on my breasts, his body close to mine, pressing his cock against my ass, pushing, grindi- I snapped my eyes open and sat back on the bed as I heard the elevator whir into motion. A few seconds later, Marie appeared as I got my breath back and came back to reality. She had a wide grin on her face as she flung open her closet. I was stunned. There must have been 50 ball gowns in there! She pulled one out, a black, velvet wrap dress with a plunging neckline and a dangerously high slit up the leg. I sat in shock. 

"I can't wear that! No way can I pull that off!" I hoped I hadn't offended her. I hadn't. She laughed, showing off her perfectly straight, white teeth, complete with the most adorable dimples. 

"Of course you can! Look at your tits in that thing," she said, motioning to my dress, "they're magnificent!" I was taken aback slightly, but humbled by the compliment, blushing slightly, Wait, why was I blushing? Oh well, I shrugged it off. 

"Okay, I'll give it a try – it'll be a bit of fun if nothing else." 

"It definitely will" she replied. I didn't really know what she meant, but the way she said it made me uncomfortable. I didn't know why, there was nothing I could put my finger on, but I suddenly felt a bit dirty. I stood in front of the mirror and waited for her to give me some privacy. She took the hint and disappeared round the corner; I could hear her shuffling coat hangers, presumably finding me my next outfit. I reached back and undid my zip. The dress dropped to the floor and I stepped into the black one. Standing in front of the mirror, my mind began drifting back to Marie's brother. I didn't even know his name and I couldn't get him out of my head! I pulled the dress on the rest of the way – the velvet felt so good against my legs and near my pussy. I told myself to stop – this wasn't the time and it definitely was not the place. I reached behind me and drew the zip upwards. The dress was a little tight on my chest, and the slit was even higher on me, as I was taller than Marie. I couldn't quite get the zip all the way to the top, so I called Marie, and she appeared almost instantly with three more dresses. She stood gaping. 

"Wow. Wow! You look incredible!" She gushed, still staring at my body.

"Thanks," I replied sheepishly, "I can't get the zip all the way-" Marie was already behind me, her fingers brushing my back as she grasped the zip. She stood for a second, and I thought I could see her glancing at my breasts in the mirror. To be fair to her, they were practically bursting out. This suddenly felt familiar, as my mind drifted back to her brother, and I even let myself believe for a second that it was him behind me. Suddenly, I felt my inner thigh get a little wet. 'Shit, I'm so wet! What if she sees!' I told myself I was being silly, but the slit in the dress WAS very high... I felt the zip being moved slowly down my back. I was puzzled.

"Doesn't it fit? That's a shame." I turned to try on another dress but I felt her hands on my waist stopping me from turning. 

"What is it?" I asked, that slightly dirty feeling returning. Then I felt it.

'She kissed my neck! What is HAPPENING right now?! I'm straight; I don't want to be with her like that! I feel sick; what am I going to do? I can't just run out and leave half-dressed, I'll never be able to face any of these people again!'

I felt it again. Her soft lips against my neck, gently suckling. It felt wrong – so wrong. I hated it and I couldn't get away! I felt her hands caress my hips and stomach, pulling me closer to her. I was frozen. Her leg wrapped around me as she spun me round to face her, pulling me between her legs and kissing my neck again, and again. A lump rose in my throat. 'Why aren't you stopping this?! Just say something! Anything! Push her off make it stop!' But I couldn't. It is not that I was enjoying it per say, but I just couldn't make my voice come out. I was frozen in fear and shock. I was snapped into reality when I felt her hand grab my ass, kneading it in her delicate hands. I pushed her off. 

"What are you doing?!" I shrieked. 

"Oh come on, you were loving it! Don't get mad at me because you think you're straight!" Now I was angry.

"I THINK I'm straight?! I AM straight! You're the one who invited me into your bedroom and ambushed me!" She chuckled.

"Ambushed you? Oh please, you were pressing your ass into me before I kissed you and you know it!"

"No I do not know it! I would never have done that!" Wait, would I? I was thinking about her brother; and getting pretty horny doing it... oh god! Did I come onto her? No, I couldn't have... "Look, I'm not into girls, okay?" Marie smirked.

"Okay, you're not into girls," she replied. I sighed, relaxing a bit. "But you are into me. Now I don't know if that makes you a lesbian, bi, pan, or whatever. Quite frankly, I don't give a shit, that's your business. But what it does mean is that we are gonna fuck one day, because I am insanely attracted to you too. I mean damn, those perfect tits and that ass - oohhhh that ass - I am gonna enjoy that ass too. So are we gonna play games for the next year pretending we don't wanna taste each other? Or are we gonna have mind-blowing sex. Now." I was in shock. All of a sudden she was very close to me. Closer than before, even, and her hands were on my ass, her eyes locked with mine, her lips; her beautiful, soft, plump lips; were tantalisingly close to mine. 

"I – I – I'm not attra-" I stopped myself there. I was SO attracted to this girl. This girl with beautiful round breasts, gorgeous blue eyes, warm against me and smelling faintly of vanilla. I stayed remarkably still and she pushed her lips painfully gently against mine. Still, I did not move. She kissed me again. And again. And again. Eventually, my mouth responded, and we kissed softly, exploring each other's wants and needs. Her hands pulled my hips against hers and my hands found their way to her waist. Her leg slipped between mine and pushed against my pussy. I shuddered and hugged her tighter, my kisses growing more urgent. She slid her tongue between my lips, she was so sexy. She began grinding against my leg, and the dirty feeling returned. I had the strongest urge to push her off of me and run away, but I didn't. I couldn't stop with her, she was mesmerising. Her beautiful tits pushed against mine and I held her even tighter to my chest. She moaned slightly into my mouth and grinned. She broke the kiss and I was left catching my breath. She walked over to the bed and slipped out of her dress. She was completely naked. I followed instantly and kissed her neck, her collarbone, her beautiful full breasts and then her nipples, feeling her legs shake as I did so. Her nipples were large, but seemingly very sensitive. I grabbed her ass with my hands and massaged, working my way back up to her mouth with my kisses. She kissed me passionately this time and tore my zip all the way down, pushing me onto the bed. I lay on my back in heaven as she slowly dragged the gorgeous velvet down my body, kissing my breasts and stomach. She blew on my pussy and wiped some of my juice off of my inner thigh. Her touch sent electricity through my body. She sucked one of her fingers and put the other in my mouth, so I could taste myself. She leapt onto me and we kissed, tangled on her bed, our legs entwining, pussies sliding and breasts pushing. 

"I want to taste you, please" she sang. I complied, but as she made her way down my body, I pulled her back towards my face, and with a full and delicious kiss, I turned her round so her face was in my pussy and her pussy was in my face. She was incredible. I felt her tongue on my thighs, licking every last drop of pussy juice from my legs. Then I felt her tongue excruciatingly lightly on my clit. Just extremely lightly, at first. She flicked it up and down, so light I could barely feel it, but my entire pussy was on fire. I did the same, teasing her, as she tortured me. She flung her head up and cried "oh, for fuck's sake!" and dove into my pussy, sucking and humming, sending waves of ecstasy through me. I cried into her pussy as she sat on my face, grinding on my tongue and I sucked on her clitoris for a long, long time. I reached up and kneaded her big, round ass, moaning and speaking her name into her. She arched her back, pressing her stomach against mine, her nipples grazing my lower abdomen. Her cries became more urgent, as she lifted her head for just a moment to cry "Oh, Annie, fuck me, I'm gonna cum on your face, fuck me!" I got so excited, I hummed low and loud on her clit before pushing my tongue inside her, curling it, licking her walls. She screamed into my pussy, the vibrations sending me over the edge as shocks shot up and down my body, my toes curling and I hugged her soft stomach against mine as she writhed against me. This lasted about a minute and we collapsed afterwards for a few seconds. She dragged herself up to my face and kissed me, slowly and purposefully, kneading my breasts. We were exhausted but so hungry for more. 

"God you make me so horny, I wanna see you cum so bad." I couldn't believe these words were coming out of my mouth. But, then again, I could. She was incredible. Those breasts, that delicious pink pussy, that bouncy ass. She grinned and climbed on top of me, kissing me all the time. She pulled me up so I was sitting. She sat on my lap and began rocking back and forth, slowly at first; we concentrated on the kiss. We were so close, her lips so full and pink, slipping her tongue with ease against mine, entwining them as we made love. She shifted, placing one leg under mine. She rocked again, and suddenly I buckled. 'Wow – how is she even doing this with just her pussy? She's so goddamn sexy!' She pulled me against her, hugging me as we kissed and rubbed our pussies against each other. We couldn't stop kissing, she was so amazing. She cuddled me as she sent wave after wave through me, occasionally pulling back from the kiss to look at me and to softly suckle my ear and neck. This girl was unlike anyone I had ever met before. The rocking intensified as she returned her lips to mine. He hands ran up and down my back and she pressed her full breasts against mine. I rocked against her and we sped up, she let out a high moan into my mouth as she buckled slightly, but I caught her and held her close, kissing her neck and face. Faster, and faster, she bucked and squealed. 

"Oh Annie I love your pussy! Oh baby don't stop, don't ever stop! Ohhhhh fuck me harder baby!" Her words turned me on so much as I moaned against her skin. We rocked harder, faster, more urgently and I felt it build again. She bounced up and down, rubbing our breasts together, crying out for more until we finally climaxed and I felt a gush of hot liquid squirt hard against my clit, intensifying my already consuming orgasm. I pushed my mouth desperately against hers, feeling her every shudder and pulse. She kissed me back, grinding her pussy against mine still, both of us doing everything in our power to continue the orgasm, the hot connection between us. She moaned in my ear, her hot breath bringing more waves, as I squeezed her body as close to mine as I possibly could. Eventually, we collapsed backwards, her laying on top of me, kissing me endlessly. Through my exhaustion, I relived her orgasm, picturing her beautiful face as her mouth flew open and her gorgeous eyes widened in her euphoria. But I was in my euphoria now. The most beautiful girl in the world lay naked on top of my bare body, kissing me and pressing herself against me. She was the sexiest thing I had ever laid eyes on. I reached my hand down to her ass with my other resting round her waist as she dropped her head over my shoulder, gently suckling on my neck. We fell asleep like this.

We awoke, hours later, to the sound of the elevator clunking to a stop. We froze, eyes fixed on the doors. They slid open to reveal Marie's older, very handsome brother...