 Genevieve stared at her girlfriend in the living room with a longing gaze, biting her lip to keep from moaning. This wasn't an uncommon sight - Rose just lounging around in her boxers and a loose t-shirt while playing video games - but it stirred the brunette up every time. A half-empty beer can sat on the coffee table next to the gaming chair in which Rose currently resided. 

The game on the screen was one Genevieve herself was quite familiar with, one of the black-haired temptress's favorites: Crackdown 3. She was playing as her favorite main agent, de Sousa. de Sousa started giving the player a 10% agility experience bonus and a 5% explosives bonus. Both were perfect for Rose, whose nimble fingers allowed her to effortlessly kill her targets in a matter of seconds and make Genevieve cum over and over again when they were deep inside her pussy. And explosives, because well, the orgasms Rose gave her blew away any other stresses she may have been experiencing that day. 

Just thinking about how amazing Rose could make her feel, made Genevieve tremble so much she had to hold on to the door frame in order to keep herself from falling on the floor. Sliding her shoes off silently and unzipping her dress, the bratty little submissive decided to tease her dominant. Left in nothing but a lacy black thong and matching bra she knew were some of Sir's favorites, she tiptoed as quietly as she could to right in front of Rose's chair. Kneeling in front of her, she looked up at the dominant woman whose eyes were still glued to the game. "Hello, Sir." Genevieve purred quietly, running her fingertips over Rose's calf. "Oh hey babe." Her girlfriend responded as she took another sip of her beer before upgrading her bio-armor, completely immersed in the game. The submissive frowned in distaste as the other woman's chocolate eyes didn't peer into her own green ones; but instead on the screen she'd likely been staring at since she woke up that morning.

The brat was needy. She didn't like not having attention, especially when she needed her girlfriend so badly. Should Rose had actually glanced down, she would have noticed Genevieve's panties were soaked from desire. The wetness in her crotch was becoming unbearable. And in that moment, Genevieve vowed to make it unbearable for Rose as well. She began slowly and subtly, running just the barest hint of her fingertips along her girlfriend's inner thigh before squeezing it slightly. The shudder Rose gave as the squeeze came and the announcement that the mission had failed was all the proof Genevieve needed that she should keep going. 

"Hey baby, you seem distracted. You okay?" She asked in a concerned tone, beginning to rub her own clit in her dripping wet panties. Genevieve wasn't allowed to touch herself without Sir's permission. And she hoped breaking the rule would give her the attention and spanking she so desperately craved. Yet, Rose's attention on the screen didn't falter. Through gritted teeth, she finally spoke. "I'm fine, Genevieve. Just a tad pissed I fail-" Her sentence was interrupted by a loud moan as the little minx squeezed her girlfriend's leg once again. Eyes staring towards the ceiling, Rose was trying everything she could to not give Genevieve the attention she wanted. It seemed as if the roles had reversed, and the dominant had fallen prey to the temptress that was now the submissive before her. 

And then she felt a finger pressing against the hood of her clit, rubbing it in a circular motion. The brat was at it again; this time with an innocent smile on her face as she rubbed her owner's clit dutifully. Keen on sticking to her mission though, Rose restarted and began once again attacking a phalanx of border guards as she tried to make her way to Terranova Incorporated's headquarters. 

The itch in her crotch was just like that in Genevieve's. And while the girl had taken off her soaked panties and artfully put them next to Rose's beer so that she could smell her sweet, sweet cunt, the dominant had somehow failed to notice this. Genevieve's horniness was growing by the second however, and by this point she was rubbing herself with such ferocity she thought she was going to burst. Genevieve was hungry; but not for her own pussy to be brought to its limits, but Rose's. 

Tugging at her partner's boxers gently, Genevieve was unpleasantly surprised to realize they wouldn't budge. It wasn't as if this went unnoticed by Rose. 

"What are you doing, you little brat?" She declared forcefully, a bit angry that the woman was trying to toy with her. Looking down, it was only then she noticed those gorgeous tits near her own clit. They were perfectly accentuated by the bra Genevieve was in and it took everything Rose had in her not to grab them as the green-eyed vixen before her stared at her innocently. "Nothing sir. I think your boxers got wet from when you spilled your beer earlier. I just wanted to make you more comfortable." 

In Genevieve's eyes, the lie she had just spilled was blatantly obvious. But Rose was so turned on she couldn't even notice. "Oh," She said, looking down at her wet boxers. "You're such a good girl. So considerate." She said, patting the submissive's head gently before un-pausing the game and shooting two more border guards. Pumping her fist up in the air and spreading herself more, Genevieve took this opportunity to leave a little love bite on Rose's inner thigh, forcing her to squirm and grab Genevieve's curly tufts for support as she nearly fell off the chair. 

"Are you okay, love? You seem distracted..." Genevieve said in between bites as she forced Rose's legs open. "Nope. Not at all." Her girlfriend responded robotically as her juices began to leak onto the chair. In an effort to distract herself, she paused the game and went for the beer again only to find Genevieve's soaked panties draped elegantly on the table beside her. The stench of her wet pussy was enough to drive Rose near picking up her girlfriend and just eating her out until she couldn't walk tomorrow. But it seemed Genevieve had the same idea in mind, sucking on Rose's clit and licking the sensitive spot right beneath the hood. 

The sensation forced Rose forward again as she squirmed and used Genevieve's hair as an anchor. "Oh, baby girl." She moaned again, drawing out the edge of the word. The hair tugs on the submissive were bringing Genevieve closer and closer to the edge as well. But she was focused on pleasuring Rose first. And getting the attention she rightfully deserved. Licking her faster and faster, Genevieve kept the same rhythm on her g-spot as she fingered herself like there was no tomorrow. 

With the force of every lick growing stronger, Rose began to spasm more and more. Her fingers on the keys of the controller were discombobulated: shooting aimlessly at a wall before exiting the mission and by some miracle, turning off the Xbox before the device dropped to the floor. 

The thud of the controller peaked Genevieve's ears up. She was so close to winning, to Rose acknowledging she was turning her on. "Sir, are you su-" She began in a teasing tone. But the words weren't even out before Rose gushed out her own. "Yes, I am distracted you needy little slut. Those pretty boobs and what you're doing to me down there are making me need to cum and then fuck you until you're begging me to stop." She said, panting as Genevieve went at her clit more and more. Squeezes on her thighs grew in intensity, as did her grip on the submissive's hair which was a knotty wreck by now. With one final suck by Genevieve on her clit, Rose exploded into a violent release with her whole body shaking as she moaned so loud the neighbors could hear. Cum, which was dripping from her pussy before, now shot out like a waterfall as she squirted. Genevieve smirked with satisfaction, finally got up from her kneeling position. But she had barely been up a moment before Rose pulled her into her lap and kissed her fiercely, moaning slightly as she tasted her own cum.

The dominatrix held her possessively. "You did a good job making me cum, baby girl." She whispered in her ear, forcing Genevieve to blush. "But don't you dare think for a second this is going unpunished. I know that thong wasn't wet this morning. And you distracted me from my game. Now, I'm going to show you why you call me Sir and who's in charge, brat." She declared fiercely, carrying her submissive to the bedroom.