 The day dawned without a cloud in the sky; Jenny looked out of her bedroom window and decided that she would spend the day out in the forest that surrounded the cottage she was staying in. She had been feeling a bit low after finishing with her boyfriend and this break away felt like the perfect tonic.

She set out heading towards the small water fall she had read about. After a couple of miles walking she thought she could hear voices in the distance. Sure enough, as she got closer to the water fall she could definitely hear laughter. Rounding the last bend in the track she could see the waterfall in the distance and in the plunge pool at the base of the waterfall two figures were swimming. As she continued on the two figures emerged from the water and at this point she noticed that it was two women and they were both naked. She stopped, not wanting to continue for fear of embarrassing the women. The women moved to where they had left their clothes and both started drying themselves. Jenny edged a bit closer, to a clump of bushes that she could hide behind until they had both dried themselves off and got dressed.

From where she was waiting she noticed that she had a clear view through to where they are drying themselves and she couldn't help but have a quick peak. One woman was tall and slim with jet black hair that was plastered down her back, whilst the other was a shorter slim brunette both looked as if they were in there mid twenties. Now Jenny had seen many women naked in the changing rooms of the gym she used and had never thought anymore about it, but spying on these two through the bushes had an effect on her.

As she watched, the women moved towards one other and they started to dry each other. They dried each other for a couple of minutes before the brunette moved her head forwards and kissed the dark haired woman gently, the dark haired woman looked at her friend lustfully for a second or two before kissing her back passionately and with that the two of them embraced and started kissing with a great deal of urgency. All this started having an effect on Jenny, her breathing quickened and she could feel a warm sensation spreading through her body.

The two women separated from their embrace and the dark haired woman laid down on the ground, the other woman knelt at the side of her and leant forward to kiss her again at the same time she started to massage her companions breasts, gently pinching her nipples. One of her hands now moved down her friend s body and started to rub at the woman's pussy, the woman's legs parted to allow better access. Her friends fingers rubbing up and down her moist pussy lips.

Jenny, by this time, was starting mesmerised by the sight before her. She could feel her own nipples hardening and her own pussy was becoming moist. As quietly as she could she undid the button of her trousers and lowered the zip, sliding her jeans over her legs she couldn't help give her moist pussy a quick rub through her panties. She undid the buttons on her blouse and released her small breasts from her bra.

Oblivious to this the two women continued, the brunette continued to rub her fingers up and down the dark haired woman's pussy lips, she was becoming much wetter and her moist lips parted. Now, as the brunette rubbed, the other woman started to thrust herself onto the fingers of her friend and as the fingers entered her she let out a gasp.

"Please Cassie, fuck me; I need to cum" the dark haired woman said.

"Well Lucy, tell me what you want me to do to you." Her friend replied.

"I want your tongue in me, I want you to fuck me with your tongue"

Cassie removed her fingers from Lucy's pussy and brought them up to her mouth. She licked her fingers clean before slowly moving down Lucy's body. Cassie spread her friends pussy and ever so gently ran her tongue along the length of it.

"Harder, tongue me harder" Lucy commanded. And with that Cassie forced her tongue as deep as she could into her friend.

Jenny found it hard not to cry out seeing this, she couldn't remember being as turned on before, her hand was jammed in her panties as she furiously fingered herself. The fingers of her other hand were rubbing her engorged clit harder and harder.

Lucy was now bucking and writhing on the ground her hands rubbing her own breasts as Cassie's tongue worked its magic on her. Cassie had one hand between her own legs rubbing her alternating between rubbing her clit and thrusting two fingers deep inside herself.

Jenny started to cum her fingers jammed deep inside herself, her head thrown back, her eyes closed, she could feel the wetness seeping out of her and staining her panties. She was trying to remain silent for fear of alerting Cassie and Lucy to her presence. As she started to come back down to earth she realised that the noises from the two women had stopped, slowly she opened her eyes and there staring at her, were the Lucy and Cassie. Jenny wished the ground could have swallowed her up. She had been caught red handed and here she was blouse wide open her hands down the front of her soaked panties.

"You seem to have enjoyed that" Lucy said

"I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself, you looked so hot together", Jenny then removed her hands from her panties and tried to cover herself up.

"Look how wet we have made her" Lucy added as she saw the state of Jenny's underwear. And with that Lucy stepped forward, took jenny's hand and lifted it before sucking each finger. "God you taste good" Lucy said.

Jenny got to her feet clumsily as her jeans were around her ankles and tried to cover herself up. Cassie moved forward and kissed Jenny gently. "How much did enjoy watching us" she said.

"It was the most erotic site I have ever seen. I've never felt so horny before. I've never cum so much in my life"

"We knew you were there you know, we saw you as we were skinny dipping and we thought we would have some fun with you, knowing that someone was watching us made me cum so much quicker" Lucy added.

"I still haven't cum yet" Cassie said "You two have had your fun now how about you two finish me off" and with that Cassie walked back over where the women were having all there fun. She lay back on the flour and started to slowly finger herself.

Lucy and Jenny looked at one another and moved into the clearing. They laid down, one each side of Cassie. Jenny nervously leant towards Cassie and kissed her and with that all her inhibitions left. It turned into a passionate kiss, she then started kissing down over Cassie's neck to her breasts before moving further down. Jenny moved so she was knelt between the open thighs of Cassie she looked Cassie in the eye and smiled and then for the first time in her life she went down on another woman. Jenny's tongue ran up and down the full length of Cassie's wet pussy each stroke of her tongue became more urgent, forcing Cassie's lips apart.

Lucy was feeling a little bit left out watching this but she wanted more than just her own fingers. Moving herself so she was kneeling above Cassie's head, one knee either side of her. She slowly then lowered herself onto the waiting tongue of Cassie. Cassie was straining to bury her tongue as deep as she could in Lucy.

Cassie was now so close to cumming, she started to gasp and writhe about. This had an effect on the other two women. Jenny was rubbing Cassie's clit hard with one hand, her other hand furiously rubbing her own pussy whilst her tongue was rasping up and down the full length of Cassie's hot wet pussy.

Lucy had one hand spreading her lips apart flicking her clit with her middle finger of the same hand, her other hand pinching her own nipples all the while Cassie had her tongue working away at her pussy.

As for Cassie, she was in seventh heaven, She had a gorgeous woman lapping away at her soaking pussy and she had her tongue buried deep inside Lucy. And with that she started to cum, almost simultaneously the other two women also started to cum.