 Over the years, I've met up with Martina several times, but for the most part we've been chatting online. I enjoyed our "sessions" more and more, we shared some of our innermost secret desires and discovered new ones together as we had some of the most depraved and kinky exchanges possible. I love her, in a way that's hard to describe and new to me, but feels "right" for the kind of relationship we have. 

Because of our different lives and her marriage it was hard at times to keep up that relationship, but we always found a way, and it was ever the more sweet to see her again after a prolonged absence. And when, on one occasion, we finally had an opportunity to be together for several days, we were both excited to no end.

Her husband had wanted to go on a little trip with some of his co-workers and in return, Martina wanted to go on a trip herself with her "friends", so for one week a few years ago we began a vacation while she left her kids and man behind, along with everything else about her conservative lifestyle.

We took a train to the south, the beach, the sun and a sweet little hotel that we both had chosen. I was nervous and excited when I boarded the train, looking for her inside. I found her in a little compartment where we had reserved our seats. She looked great, wearing a light green dress, for a change, with an incredibly low cut neckline that showed a lot of her ample cleavage. She smiled at me behind her large sunglasses and kissed me as I stumbled in, helping me hitch my baggage up.

"God, you look fantastic," she said, eyeing me up and down. I had just pulled my red curls back and wore nothing more than a loose, striped red-and-white dress and some white sandals. 

I smiled back at her. "Mmmh, you know how I am, I want to look like the woman I would want to fuck." 

She laughed. "You certainly look like the woman I'd like to fuck." I kissed her again and sat down opposite of her, by the window. 

Aside from us, the train seemed to be fairly empty. We had the compartment to ourselves and the rest of the car was only sparsely seated from what I saw coming in. "So," she said, playing with her long dark hair as she stared at me. "What's our plan, my goddess?" 

I shrugged. "As far as I am concerned, I just want to spend a week living and fucking the way I always wanted to live and fuck. No taboos, no holding back and no compromises," I said. 

She nodded, and pulled one leg up on the seat next to me, spreading wide as she hitched up her skirt and showed me her moist pussy and damp pubes, wearing nothing underneath. "I'm ready, mistress," she said seductively, pulling her labia apart. "Piss on me and make sure I know who I belong to." I smiled. Peeing was one of the fetishes we both shared, and most of our fantasies involved copious exchanges of body fluids. So I stood up and held onto her seat as I stepped across her leg, pulling up my own skirt and began raining down yellow sprinkles out of my pantiless unshaven crotch, wetting her pubic hair and the most part of her skirt.

She bent forward and caught some of it in her mouth, drinking greedily as it ran down her chin and on her tits, leaving dark stains on her dress. She sucked and swallowed, gulping and slavering as she lodged her lips around my wet labia. When she was sated, she leaned back happily. "Mmmh," she moaned, slipping two fingers in and out of her pussy, enjoying the moment. "I love the taste of your piss, mistress. It makes me feel so... dirty, and owned. Like, I know it's not a reward, nor is it gentle, but it's rather there to put me in place and make sure I'll be your servant in all things, even if it's to drink down your pee." 

I sat back down in my own chair and smiled at her, my pussy still slightly wet, leaving a small stain on my lap. "This is going to be a wonderful trip, slave," I said, rubbing across my breasts, feeling turned on by her presence, her submissive ways and her fingers sliding in and out of her pussy.

Suddenly the door to our separee opened. Martina quickly pulled down her skirt and smiled sheepishly at the conductor as she asked for our tickets. I looked at her as I handed her mine, as her face seemed strangely familiar. Then it struck me. "Gianna?" I asked, remembering her from school, so many years ago. 

She looked deep into my eyes, then smiled back. "Oh my god," she said, "Kat, is that you?" 

Gianna was in my class for a few years, until she went to a different school. We were not friends, nor enemies, but kept our distance as we had different tastes and attitudes and so I didn't think much of her after she was gone. It was strange to see her after all these years, in her work outfit no less. I had no clue she went on to work for the railway. 

She was short, just as I remembered her from school, with the blackest, thickest hair that she wore shoulder length and straight. Her skin was incredibly pale, which gave a sharp contrast to her hair and dark eyes, but her face was cute. She wore the dark blue uniform of the railway conductors and looked kinda sexy in it, though it hid most of her features.

I nodded, not knowing what to say. "Yeah," I replied. "I... we... are just on our way to vacation." 

She smiled, holding out a hand to Martina as she was eyeing her. "Hi, I'm Gianna. Kathrin and me were in school together." 

Martina shook it with the same hand that was in her pussy just seconds ago, and the thought made me even more aroused. "Martina, nice to meet you," she said, and, following her gaze, she smiled. "Kat just spilled something on me," she explained the stains on her dress. 

Gianna laughed. "Well, it's warm enough for it to dry fast," she said. 

I nodded, slightly embarrassed, but Martina seemed content and happy with herself. "Ah, it makes me feel so good I kinda don't want it to dry," she said giggling. 

Gianna looked at her puzzled, then turned to me again: "So, what're you doing these days?" she asked. 

I shrugged. "You know, nothing special. I'm working for the city." 

She smiled. "And you, Martina?" 

Martina smiled at her innocently. "I'm just Kat's little maid and girlfriend," she said sweetly. "I have no other job but to please her." 

Gianna raised her eyebrows. "Oh, okay," she said surprised. "So you two are... together, yeah?" 

I nodded, playing along. "Yeah, we've been together for a few years now, and Martina's been great," I smiled at her. 

"I live to serve," Martina said in return. Gianna looked at the both of us, unsure what to make of it, but at the same time curious and intrigued.

"So are you, like, married?" she asked. 

I shrugged. "It's more of an open relationship," I said. "Martina is my lover and girlfriend, but we like to experiment a lot, so... it's hard to explain." 

Gianna smiled thoughtful, playing absently with the buttons on her blouse. "And so... there's no men in your life?" she wondered. 

Martina and me looked at each other, then I shook my head. "I guess I'm the man in our relationship," I laughed. 

"How do you mean?" she asked curiously. 

"Well, you know, I'm the more aggressive and dominant one, and Martina is more the... subordinate, dutiful wife." I winked at her. 

Gianna cocked her head to the side, pursing her lips. "So, I'm sorry for asking so much, but I'm really clueless... don't you miss something sometimes?" she asked. 

Martina laughed. "When Kat is done with you, all you'll be missing is her," she said smiling, then added: "If you want, she can show you..."

Gianna stared at her, then asked slowly: "Show me... how?" Martina got up and smiled at her, pulling her slowly inside our cabin as she brushed the hair out of Gianna's face, helping her unbutton her shirt. Gianna put up no resistance, allowing Martina's hands to run down her chest, grabbing her breasts through the fabric and pushing her back down into a chair. 

While my slave went down on the conductor, kissing her and pulling off her pants to get to the sweet honey pot between her legs, I was going through my bags, looking for some of the toys I packed. Gianna was obviously eager to play, and I wouldn't want to disappoint her. I finally found my favourite strap on, a gift from my friends at the bordello, and put it on just as Martina pushed Gianna's black lace panties aside and began licking her pussy.

Gianna was just as pale on the rest of her body as she was in her face, her pussy being no exception. She kept it shaved, but a dark shade was visible where her pubes were growing back. Her labia stood out vividly, being bright red and swollen, and Martina was sucking them eagerly into her mouth, slurping and licking her tongue along their whole length. "Ohhhh godddd," she moaned and shuddered.

Martina stood aside as I stepped in front of her with the strapon around my waist. I had taken off my dress and was all naked but for the dildo and my sandals. She looked up at me, beaming for lust. "God, you look hot," she gasped, her legs spread wide. 

Her uniform was on the floor, only her blouse covered part of her breasts still, and she looked incredibly horny. "Fuck me with that, please," she begged.

I didn't make her wait long but inserted the head of the dildo straight between her swollen pussy, holding it with one hand as I pushed it in deep. She groaned as it entered her, feeling the long shaft slide inside. I grabbed her hips and pulled her further down, until she practically lay on the seat, her butt right on the edge. Martina straddled her chest as I began thrusting in and out of Gianna's pussy, watching the dildo get soaked from her cunt juice until it slid all the way in.

Martina made her lick her pussy, determined to give the horny conductor a good mouthful of lesbian cunt, while I fucked her pussy in long strokes, going all the way up inside her. She moaned, muffled by Martina's muff, enjoying the feeling. Martina looked back at me, then said: "Let's do her ass too, mistress?" She turned to Gianna underneath her. "You want to have my mistress fuck your little asshole?" Not waiting for a reply, I pulled the slimy cock out and pushed it between Gianna's buttocks.

They parted easily, soft like butter, as I forced it into her anus. Everything about Gianna seemed soft, her skin, her legs, her muscles, her hips, her tits... It was like fucking into soft dough, except that this dough was squirming and moaning as I penetrated her. I fucked her up the ass just as hard and fast as I did her pussy, wanting to show her how little she had to say in the matter and how little she would have to miss a "man" in her holes.

She seemed to get the message, thrashing and groaning into Martina's pelvis as I violated her. Martina didn't let go of her either, using her for her own pleasures. I looked down, watching her pussy twitch and sputter as the dildo ran into her underneath, filling her ass. I slid my fingers inside her empty cunt and began probing her, feeling the shaft fuck her from inside. Three fingers, four fingers, I stretched her and filled her in a way she never was filled before, my knuckles widening her pussy as they demanded entry.

Finally, I fit my whole hand inside her, her twat closing around it like a glove. I twisted and turned, feeling the insides of her pussy as my hard dildo still probed her ass deep and hard. She screamed, slapping Martina's butt with her hands, coming hard, again and again as I would not stop ramming my hand and the cock inside her. Finally, Martina climaxed herself, and I heard a shot of juice stream down on Gianna from her pussy. I pulled out, having one girl lick my hand and the other the dildo. They cleaned it diligently. 

"You were right," Gianna told Martina later, as she put her clothes back on. "I can see why you wouldn't miss anything." Martina smiled back at her, licking her lips. "I wish you a great vacation then," the conductor said as she left us with a wink and a kiss, going back to work, freshly fucked and happy.