 It was the last days of exams and I was feeling particularly stressed from the endless hours of studying. It was about ten o'clock when my roommate, Rebecca, came into the room hiding something under her shirt. She had smuggled a bottle of rum into the dorm.

"Look what I have." She said waiving the bottle in my face. "Why don't you take a break."

Then she went to get some glasses from the shelf and poured two drinks.

I pushed myself away from the desk and jumped onto my bed. She joined me and handed me my drink. Rebecca knew I wasn't much of a drinker so she mixed the rum with some Coke. We both finished our drinks in no time and she got up to fix us another round. We drank these a little slower. We chatted a bit about how exams were going and what each other had planned for the summer. I made the third round and was starting to feel the alcohol loosen me up.

Rebecca asked how things were going with my boyfriend, Jeff and I asked if she had anyone new. She didn't have a steady guy herself.

"No, I don't like to tie myself down, just before the summer. There are a few guys I can call on to satisfy myself, for the most part." she said.

"Oh really!" I said with a surprised smile on my face. This was a part of her I didn't know.

"Well I have a lot of needs. If I can't get to one of them I just turn to my fingers.", she quipped.

"So I thought I heard something coming from your side of the room." I said.

"Not as much as I heard coming from your side." She slyly shot back.

I immediately felt a surge of excitement run through my whole body.

A few more minutes passed and by now we were sharing the rum straight from the bottle and really feeling its effects.

I felt myself getting warmer as I thought of Rebecca pleasuring herself. Until recently, I had never thought of her in that way. She was just a friend. I don't know why it didn't come to me sooner. I knew what she was doing over there at night, I mean, I was doing the same thing. She's not bad looking either. Actually she's very cute. Rebecca's a little on the chunky side, but not fat, just chubby. She has light hazel eyes and red hair, which she keeps about shoulder length. Her breasts are large DD's that hang perfectly. She usually wore clothes that showed off the cleavage. 

"Is it getting hot in here?" I asked trying to move the situation along. I desperately needed to cum one way or another. I took a swig from the bottle and then unbuttoned the first few buttons of my blouse 

"Yeah, I guess it is. This bra certainly doesn't help either." With that she reached behind her back and under her shirt and unclasped her bra. She then removed it and withdrew it through her sleeve. I tried to get a glimpse of her pendulous tits through the fabric of her shirt and could see her nipples poking through.

"So who's the last person you were with?" she asked matter-of-factly. Rebecca knew about my mixed preference for both men and women and she was always asking me questions.

"I was with Jeff on Saturday, but I'm always horny." I said.

"I know what you mean. Sometimes nothing can satisfy me." She said with a sly grin.

"I've been taking every chance I have lately to get myself off." I said with nervous excitement in my voice. I didn't want to go too far for fear of jeopardizing out friendship. I let her make the next move. 

"So how often do you masturbate?" she asked me.

I was surprise at how direct her question was. We were usually pretty lewd around each other, but I this was way out there. However my libido was leading me so I answered her, "About three or four times a day. How about you?"

"Not as much as you! Only a few times a week and usually at night. I'm getting very turned on just talking about it." She said

"Me too. Since we both know we are going to get off tonight, maybe we could do it together?" I suggested.

"Except for movies, I've never seen another girl finger herself before. I just don't want to go too far." She said shyly.

I answered her back, "We don't have to do anything you don't want too. This will be fun I promise."

We both got comfortable on the bed. We lay on opposite sides of the bed facing each other. Both of us started to undress in from of the other. It was very exciting for me to see my roommate getting naked in this way. The way she was looking at me turned me on as well. I could see by the look on her face that she was a little nervous. So I decided to give her a good show to loosen her up. I slipped my hand into my panties and ran my index finger from my wet hole up to my clit. "OOOO, I'm already so wet". I sighed.

I saw Rebecca 's face blush and her breathing increased. I completely removed my panties now and threw them on the floor. I propped my legs up and spread them so she could have a good view of my cunny. 

When she saw my pussy she seemed surprised. She said, "I didn't know you shaved down there." 

"Yeah I like to be smooth, plus Jeff likes it like that too. I like how yours is trimmed. The red hair looks hot."

I was surprised at how comfortable we both seemed to feel naked in front of each other now.

Rebecca asked, "So should we both go at the same time or take turns?"

"Well I can't wait much longer to cum, so I'm going to start. I'd like it a lot if you did it at the same time as me." I answered eagerly and with that I began.

I reached up to my left tit and started squeezing it and twisting and pulling the nipple hard. I slid my free hand between my legs and rubbed my whole pussy. I really felt ready to burst. I spread my lips apart with my fingers, then traced a line up from my sopping honeypot to my throbbing, stiff clit. My cunt lips felt like they were burning and I know they were swollen from the excitement. My body was shaking in anticipation of my first orgasm of the evening.

Rebecca stretched her legs out the length of the bed, so that one was on either side of me. Her feet were rubbing up against my hips. My feet were touching the soft inside of her thighs. I could feel the smooth skin and fee the warmth of her sex on my toes. The sensation was erotic and helped me along. I could see that she meant business. She was wasting no time with trying to get off, whereas I was taking my time. I briefly though to myself, maybe that's why she doesn't do this that much. She just doesn't take the time to enjoy it.

Rebecca's breathing was growing erratic and her chest was becoming flushed. Her legs began to tense up, pressing her feet into my hips. The rest of her body soon tightened up as well and her face winced. There was no sound coming from her except that of her staggered breath. It was obvious that she was in orgasm.

I watched quietly, not wanting to disturb her. A few seconds later she eased up and opened her eyes. She saw me looking at her, if she hadn't already been red, I'm sure she would have blushed. I broke the silence saying, "That was fast."

"I really needed to cum.," she said still breathing heavy.

"I know how you feel, but why don't we take our time and have some fun with it. I like to prolong my pleasure before the I cum."

Rebecca gave me a big smile and started to rub her pussy again. I took it to mean, "OK". So I started to make small circular motions around my clit with my finger. My sheets were getting wet where my nectar dripped down my ass to the bed. I dipped a finger into my hole and brought it up to my mouth. Rebecca's eyes were wide as I slid the glistening finger past my lips and licked off my own juice. I could only imagine what she was thinking. 

"Have you ever tried your own cum?" I asked her.

"No, I've never had the urge."

"But you have had a man's cum and you mentioned before that you like that right? Well a woman's is almost better. I've found that it's sweet, with a bit of saltiness. I think you'd like it."

Rebecca ran her index finger in a small puddle of cum just inside her hole and hesitantly lifted it to her lips. She stuck her tongue out and lightly touched it to the finger. I coaxed her on and she took the finger into her mouth. As she did, she closed her eyes. She took her finger from her mouth and dipped two fingers this time into her wet snatch. She raised them up and started to suck on them. This time she let out a "MMMMMM".

I felt so wicked watching my roommate licking her own cum from her fingers. I had an urge to bury may face into her cunt and taste her myself, but I knew that was out of the question. So I took one of my feet that was between her legs and touched her cunny with it to see her reaction to that. React she did. Rebecca let out a startled yelp and almost jumped off the bed had it not been for the awkward positioning of her legs around mine. 

I quickly offered my apologies for shocking her so.

"It's OK. I just didn't expect it. It felt kind of good having you touch it." 

I stared into her eyes and put my foot back on her pussy. She shifted a little so I could make better contact with it. I have to admit I liked the sensation. It felt so hot and so wet on the bottom of my foot. Rebecca began to move her hips up and down, rubbing herself on my foot. She was smiling at me and breathing heavy. She grabbed my ankle and guided my foot up and down the length of her womanhood. Then she pulled it up her stomach and between her large tits. It was a wonderfully soothing sensation for me. Next she began to lick each toe and then run her tongue down to my arch. It sent ticklish shivers up my leg right into my pussy."

I increased the pace of my ministrations while Rebecca licked and sucked at each toe. She replaced my foot between her legs, when I came the first time. The sensation was indescribable. I let out a stuttered sign of contentment and lay there letting each delicious feeling flow from head to toe.

I had regained enough composure to return the favor. Repeating what Rebecca had done to me, I helped her through a second orgasm. She was nearly silent through this one as well, save for her breathing and some groaning, but I could tell she enjoyed this one far more than her first of the evening. 

By now I was completely lustful. I absolutely needed more contact. So I suggested we do just a little more.

"Would you like to try something a little more physical?"

What do you have in mind?""

"We'd need to scissor our legs together. This will let our pussies rub against each other. We just ride each other to climax. I've only done it once before but I really liked it."

"OK, but jut this once and this is as far as we go."

"Deal."

We got into position and began a slow grind. Rebecca held onto my leg for balance with one hand and played with her tits with another. Her face betrayed her delectation. This time she was moaning loudly. I could feel her grasp my leg tighter as she sped up her rubbing. A great pressure was growing inside me as the friction between us increased. Electric tingles ran through me then were replaced flashes of color that I could feel. I was at the onset of a massive orgasm. I could barely hear Rebecca's moans any more as it was replaced by the sound of my pounding heart. Then Rebecca made a low guttural sound and began to shiver and then convulse. Our cunts thrashed against the other's as we came in unison. 

We lay there intertwined for what seemed like another ten minutes. Both our hips slowly rocked back and forth still in a vain attempt to squeeze every bit of sensation out of the joining. Eventually we helped each other out of the position and sat up on the bed. There was a moment of silence where Rebecca looked away from me. I was nervous she was starting to feel ashamed or guilty of what we had just done. Instead, she turned to me and put her hand on my cheek. She looked into my eyes and said in a soft voice, "Thank You". Then she kissed me full on the lips. My first reaction was shock, but I soon eased and gave in. It was a long wet sensual kiss that can only be shared between two women. I was sorry when she broke the kiss. We gazed at each other then hugged.

We cleaned ourselves up and got ready for bed. As I lay there in the dark, I couldn't help but feel a little sad. There were only a few more days left before the summer and Rebecca would be going home until the start of fall classes. I was going to miss her bad enough before, but even more so now. Over the next few days, we didn't try to be so stealthy when we finger ourselves at night. But we never got together like we did that night. I guess we'll have plenty of time for more next year.