 I wanted her so badly. From the first moment I saw her I wanted to embrace her, to shower her lips with teasing kisses, to feel the swell of her breasts against my own. I wanted to make gentle, languid love with her and fall asleep holding her close to me.

But most of all I wanted her to see me; to peer deep into me and recognize the profound emotions she stirred.

I still revel in my good fortune that we're together. She's so delicate, so shy, and is still exploring her sexuality. We've been getting closer for a few weeks. I am her first female interest and, as I said, I still revel in my good fortune.

Our time together has been wonderful. I'm comfortable around her, and she's learning to relax around me. Of course, I'm taking it as slowly as I can bear. For example, I rarely touch her while we're in public. When I do, the touches are brief and far from intimate. Instead, I let her do what feels right for her. A brush of her shoulder against mine, a hesitant hand on my arm, even a quick hug in greeting are all things I let her initiate. And I treasure each one.

We've been going very slowly with our private displays of affection, too. We have kissed. Oh, my, but they were everything I hoped they would be, and more. Kisses so soft and warm, not rushed. I love losing myself in her delicious mouth. We've petted a few times, too; gentle, tentative explorations through clothing.

I haven't caressed the bare skin of her breasts, or the naked hollow between her thighs not even a fleeting grope of her spectacular nude bottom. Not yet. But my palms have enjoyed the sensation of her pert nipples through sheer fabric. And once, when I played with her lacey panties and they failed to contain the molten flow her arousal. Late that night, as I fought for sleep alone in my bed, I inhaled my fingertips—and the fragrance that clung to them. My free hand sought to quench my own inner fires. She was so thick in my mind that even after two hard climaxes sleep eluded me.

*   *   *   *   *   *   *

This night was going to be different. This would be a romantic date with a wonderful meal at a ritzy restaurant. Maybe we'd do a little clubbing. Then home for dessert or a nightcap. Perhaps we might share a bit more . . .

I met her at the street in front of her apartment. As I climbed from the cab and caught sight of her I gasped. She looked radiant! She shimmered, all green, gold and copper. Her creamy skin set off her red-orange hair and emerald eyes. The sleek mint dress molded to her lithe figure. Her understated jewelry and make-up only accentuated her natural beauty.

As I held the door for her, the scent of her perfume had the most profound effect on me. It was going to be a struggle to keep my hands from her in the cab. I wasn't sure how I was going to manage for the long evening until we actually got home. The seam of her stockings along the backs of her gorgeous legs certainly challenged my resolve.

We walked in together. People turned to look, as I knew they would. Some of them may have looked at me in my charcoal pencil skirt and burgundy silk blouse. But I'm certain everyone stared at her. I know I did, again and again.

We had a fantastic table. The meal was superb. Our waiter was funny, very attentive, and understood us. The wine was dry and left us happy, even a bit giddy. The dessert was fabulous. And through it all I could not stop looking at her. The way she moved, the sparkle of her smile, her glistening eyes as they occasionally brushed past mine.

The sensual portion of my mind was acutely aware of her body. As she reached for some morsel or laughed at some joke, the jostle of her breasts captivated me. The graceful arch of her neck made me want to nibble from her earlobe to her collarbone. Her lips repeatedly confounded my powers of speech as she ate or spoke.

At one point we reached for the wine bottle together. My fingers grazed the back of her hand and our eyes met. She looked away, but her cheeks flushed and goose bumps raced up her arm and across her chest. I noted how her nipples tightened. It was erotic, powerful and beautiful.

By the time we paid the check and made our way to the street, my silk blouse strummed my hard nipples and my panties clung to my lips. I needed to be alone with her so badly that I dreaded more time in public. But I didn't want to disappoint her, either.

"Where would you like to go next? 'Sensible Shoes' is playing at The Indy Inn . . . ."

Her answer thrilled me. "Let's go to your place instead. We could listen to music there." She gazed into my face for an instant then looked at the sidewalk. Her cheeks colored. My God, she was so gorgeous it practically broke my heart just to look at her.

Grinning like a fool, I hailed a cab and held her door. I watched her legs as she climbed into the back. It was exquisite torture.

We sat close together and I somehow managed to keep my hands from doing anything inappropriate. But, oh, how I wanted to touch her. I was intensely aware of her shoulder against mine, and how her lovely hand rested on my leg. It was unconscious and only lasted a moment, but I dampened at her touch.

Once inside, it was more torture. She was so alluring, and so hesitant. I poured a little more wine for us while she looked through the selection of music and picked out Sade and Diana Krall. We eased into our own intimate little world.

We talked and laughed. Sometimes I would touch her arm, or her shoulder, or her face, and gauge the reaction. She began to relax and warmed to my touches. The music filled empty spaces in the conversation with romantic melodies and sensual voices.

I was dying as she leaned toward me and we kissed. Oh, God, that was such an amazing kiss! Her lips felt wonderful, and the hours of denial left me sensitive to even the slightest contact. As soon as her lips met mine, molded onto mine, clung to my lipstick as we parted, I knew I would do anything she wanted. I would even let her leave—right then—if she wanted to.

But in the next memorable instant, I knew she would stay. Her hands reached to her shoulders. Her arms crossed in front of her as if to hide her sweet breasts from my penetrating stare. I watched as she slid off her straps. She glanced at me and her eyelids fluttered closed. Her hands trembled, but whether from trepidation or desire, I couldn't say.

I cupped her jaw in my hand. Eyes still shut, she leaned into my palm and a mew of desire escaped her. We kissed again and I began to undress her. My hands shook as I opened the side zipper and eased the dress from her torso. Everything happened in slow motion. Her strapless bra appeared, all lace and magic, but I was too lost in our kiss. But I had to view her lovely body when the dress bunched at her waist.

Her bra supported and shaped her breasts. The lace revealed her straining nipples. She sighed, leaned back on the couch, and seemed to signal her surrender. I spent a wonderful few minutes kissing and nibbling and licking and nipping her warm skin as I unwrapped my gift of her.

When it was time to slide the dress out from under her she raised her hips. The garment slipped from her body and exposed more stunning lingerie. I realized that she had not bothered with panties; my breathing stopped and my mouth went dry. Her legs remained together, but a soft tuft of light red hair peeked from beneath the garter belt.

"Will you turn off the light?" she asked in a tiny voice. "Please?"

"But, I want to look at you. You are sooo gorgeous. Sooo sexy—"

"No, please," she interrupted, covering her lap with two small hands, "I'm too shy." She took a deep breath; it sounded more like a whimper.

"All right," I murmured. The lamp switch snapped and we plunged into darkness.

"Kiss me!" she whispered. I stood for a moment and undid my skirt. It whisked past my hips and onto the floor. I opened my silk blouse and exposed my thickened nipples before I moved to the couch. Our lips met again. Electricity sizzled through my body and into my slit. My soaked panties stuck to my throbbing labia.

We kissed until her breathing grew shallow and quick. I nibbled down her neck and past her collarbone. I nipped my way to her breast and licked and kissed the edge of her bra. My eyes had grown accustomed to the dim light that trickled through the window, so I was just able to witness her wonderful response through the lace. Both areolas wrinkled, so aroused. The tiny swipe of my tongue over one pink nipple elicited a sharp gasp of surprised pleasure. When I tasted her other nipple my reward was a wanton moan.

After my quivering lips navigated the smooth plain of her tummy, I poised before the alluring sight of her delectable treasure. I could make out her coppery triangle in the soft shaft of light that played over her hips. She glistened with need. The perfume of her excitement intoxicated me and it was all I could do to keep my desires in check.

Instead of rushing things I teased her. I ran my lips over her thighs, played my tongue around her garters, and nibbled at the crease between her hip and leg. I tasted her everywhere except the dampened sweetness of her lips. It was too important to rush. She had to want me to devour her—even more than I wanted it.

"Please! Don't tease me, please! Now—please nibble on me." My heart leapt as I moved towards her.

"Now, please!" Desperation colored her demand.

I will always remember that first slow, subtle stroke of my tongue against her yielding flesh. She was incredibly hot to the touch, and tasted as sweet as fine champagne. My caresses licked their way from the skin of her leg onto the edge of her parted lips then further until I reached upward into her. Her pussy was exquisite, so luscious, and exploring her was more than worth the wait. 

I wielded a paintbrush tongue over the slick canvas of her quivering petals. She shivered and emitted subtle moans and gasps when I touched her where she wanted, in the way that she wanted. I made note of those responses and built upon them. My lips and mouth devoured her, and my fingers strayed to help coax just a little more from the succulent tropical fruit of her sex. I lost myself in the experience of her.

She became more vocal, louder in her pleasure. I glanced up from my delicious task. Her head lay back in a relaxed pose. She had opened the front clasp of her bra. Her pale breasts contrasted with the fiery glow of two very erect nipples, visible even in the dim light. As her arousal soared, her slim hands played and pinched and pulled her thickened flesh. I bit down on her hooded nub with my lips. My tongue caressed inside her. Erotic honey ran and I drank from her with abandon.

She reacted then. Her body shook and shuddered, and I knew she was coasting through a small peak of fulfillment. I backed off until she regained some of her desire. Then I worked her into another climax. That's when I felt her dainty foot running itself along my thigh.

"Oooh," I moaned into her. She moved her foot higher as I suckled her morsel. She reached between my soaked folds and stroked back and forth. It was wonderful!

She had let me massage her once, and I spent time mouthing her pretty feet. Now the little foot that I had once nibbled, the toes I had once sucked, the instep I once had kissed, were all being unleashed on my needy vulva. My hips jerked in anticipation. I hadn't realized just how much I craved release, or how close I was to achieving it.

She eased the top of her foot into me, pressing my panties in as well. The wetness and the smooth fabric combined to produce delightful sensations. I teetered on the brink, but I didn't want to tumble over that edge all by myself. My eyes closed as I shuddered. My nipples hardened and my toes began to curl. I had to hurry.

My hands steadied her hips and my lips and tongue sought to push her along. For an agonizing moment I feared that our timing was off. I felt her hands in my hair as she pressed herself hard against my mouth. I looked up at my angel—

Her face was turned to me. In the half-light I could just make out her eyes. Their green hue had turned flinty in the dark but there was no doubt that she stared into my face. My mouth sucked and licked her wetness. Her foot grew more insistent and I ground myself down onto it. I was falling, and I couldn't hold back any longer.

She stared into my eyes—there could be no doubt. My touch sought to communicate the full gamete of emotions I felt for her. And she saw me. She saw deep into my heart and even deeper into my soul. She really saw me!

Her smooth voice sounded husky with need as she said, "Cum with me, Lover!" 

That's what I did. Our bodies merged and we melted into one another. My mouth sensed every nuance of the devastating crest that left her gasping in joy. My pelvis rocked and imploded with her foot firmly massaging and invading me. I growled and mumbled incoherent sounds of fulfillment that were muffled by her delicious heat.

And all the while, through the overwhelming physical and emotional sensations, our eyes never looked away and never closed. That climax together was the height of intimacy, unlike anything I had ever experienced in my life. For an instant I debated, holding fast to the last shred of my world. Then I let go and fell, tumbling and roiling into a vortex of her love, and lost myself in those eyes. 

I've been there ever since.