 Julia lands a dream job with a top fashion lingerie house that leads her into a life of beautiful women and daring sexual exploits. In this autobiographical story, Julia explores her sexuality and her body as well as her new contacts. Gradually she pushed the boundaries of her experiences and enters a secret world of lesbian passion, sex and more.

This is a full length novel and this is Chapter 4 of 17. If you like this please let me know though the site and I'll post some more. It gets much hotter and the sex much more explicit but I'm keeping you guessing for now.

This is only as fictional as you want it to be but you will not recognise any of the names. Act out parts of my life if you wish, but be kind, stay safe and stay legal.

Chapter 4 (Thursday)

Back at PROM bright and early the next day I saw from my agenda that my morning would be spent with Charlotte in the presentation room; this is my formal introduction to the full Passionella product portfolio. Before we started, the slim and sexy Charlotte asked if I did anything special last night.

"No, not really, a quiet night in, thanks" I replied, wistfully. The projector whirred to life and Charlotte took me systematically through the various lines. Lingerie, hosiery, nightwear and robes were all modelled by the most exquisitely beautiful women and, unlike the pictures in most catalogues and on websites, the girls had adopted sensual and provocative poses and carried smoulderingly inviting expressions on their faces. These girls were obviously getting off on the photo session. I commented on this and Charlotte offered me the opportunity to model some items at a future studio session. "It's another service to our clients. It makes them feel great. Some take the pictures home to show partners, family and friends whilst others keep them for their own enjoyment."

Charlotte suggested going out for lunch and we sat at the counter of a small bar she knew. I perched edgily on a stool; my pussy is still feeling sensitive after last night's activity. Far from satisfying me, it seemed that my first orgasm for over 2 weeks, boosted no doubt by the highly erotic 'product' photos this morning, had rekindled my sensuality.

Back at the offices, Charlotte took me to the Yellow private room where, to my surprise and delight, Rachel was waiting. We exchanged hellos and then Charlotte explained.

"Rachel is gong to take you through a role-play. You must imagine this is your third visit to an outlet and you and Rachel are getting on well. She will offer you clothing and start to introduce the extra services. This is not to catch you out, it is to get you familiar with what we expect. Rachel was one of out best Dems so be brought her in to PROM to share her skills. Afterwards we will debrief and answer any questions you might have." The de-brief sounded fun.

The short but curvaceous Rachel was wearing a fitted white top and burgundy trousers and her long hair was piled into a tight swirl high on the back of her head. Her boobs pushed firmly against her shirt but she had all the buttons fastened so, try as I might, I couldn't see what bra she is wearing and whether she sported Tuesday's super cleavage. In fact, I couldn't see any straps through her blouse and I wondered if she is not wearing a bra at all, but I couldn't imagine her boobs keeping that shape without some support. What I could see though was the rounded curve of her pert bum under her tight trousers.

I threw myself into my role. "Hi, need something that will pull my waist in a bit, as I have just bought a flattering new dress for a dinner party tomorrow evening that's really a little too small for me so I need to fit me to the dress instead. I also want to get something else a bit racy as I'm going to a hen party next week and it might be one of those where we end up jumping in a fountain or taking off our tops." Rachel asked some carefully-crafted questions to gauge just how racy it should be then showed me to the hanging rail by the wall.

"First of all, this should take at least two inches off your waist." She showed me an exquisite strapless corset in shimmering silver satin with stiffening and underwiring in all the right places. "It laces up at the back so you can pull it in as tight as you like. Will you have someone to help you put it on tomorrow?" "No," I replied, I live alone.

"You could meet me at the Passionella UK headquarters, we have a changing room there. I am happy to meet you and help you to dress before you go out; it's a service we provide."

"That would be perfect. I'll look forward to that."

'This is going well', I thought; we looked at each other and smiled a knowing smile as we continued to role-play. Rachel helped me out of my day clothes and commented on my underwear. "That's a very attractive bra you are wearing." It was the plum-colour one I bought with my own money on Monday, carefully laundered by Kirsten's maid.

"It fits you so well and really accentuates the features of your figure. Let me see you from the side, please." I took my cue and posed a little for her then I turned my back and asked Rachel to release the bra-catch. I held the cups over my boobs whilst I turned back and only reveal my breasts when I was sure Rachel would see them clearly.

"I think this corset will suit you very well" complimented Rachel as she wrapped it around my body and started to thread the laces. Keeping my panties on, I stood facing a mirror so I could watch as Rachel pulled in my waist, continually asking if I was comfortable. I couldn't say I was comfortable, but the feeling of being controlled by its tightness excited me. Then when she reached the top she deliberately pulled extra tight on the laces to thrust my breasts higher on my chest so they all but spilled out.

"Oh, yes. Just your size." She grinned at my image in the mirror as I settled into a shallower breathing pattern. I took care to note that Rachel had not touched my skin once.

The Rachel asked, "Did you notice the new line of bodystockings in the foyer as you came in?"

"Yes, they look great"

Rachel adds: "But only on someone who needs very little or no support under the bust. You would look terrific in them."

I asked to see some to try on. "Well, it just happens that I am wearing one today. Would you like to see mine?"

Would I! The thought that Rachel was wearing only a bodystocking under that blouse, and that the shape she portrayed is all hers, filled me with excitement. Could her breasts really be that unyielding? When I saw her on Tuesday I assumed the power of her cleavage was mostly due to the push-up bra she wore.

"Yes, may I?"

Rachel started to undo her buttons but feigned difficulty. "I broke a nail this morning, could you help me?" I needed no encouragement but tried to concentrate on the role-play. After all, I am a 'client' and not yet fully accepted into the Passionella inner circle.

Rachel moved closer to the mirror so the only way I could undo the buttons was to stand behind her and reach round her small frame. I looked over her shoulder and started at the top. Her lycra-encased body slowly emerged like a butterfly shedding its cocoon and soon I could pull apart the sides of her blouse. Her breasts looked fantastic, standing high and proud on her ribcage; I guessed at a size 34B. Not exceptionally large, but perfectly round and only very slightly flattened by the light, sheer Lycra which moulded itself perfectly around the curves of her female form. Her nipples jutted straight out in front making little peaks in the stretch fabric and showing through the pale grey fabric as two dark, inviting circles.

I complimented her by saying: "Rachel, you are fortunate to have such an attractive body. But I suspect that your breasts are firmer than mine so I can't decide if the bodystocking would look the same on me as it does on you."

However, I was caught totally off guard when Rachel threw down an irresistible invitation: "Why don't you feel them for yourself?" and she raised her arms to shoulder height.

I tried desperately to remember the rules. No touching skin, but through clothing is OK. This new bodystocking was so sheer and revealing it hardly counted as clothing but I took a deep breath and reached my perspiring hands under Rachel's arms.

"Sure, I'd love to." 

I closed my hands on her boobs and let out a warm sigh. I lifted them a little to feel their weight and I squeezed them. Rachel tilted her pelvis forward and her head back. I felt her nipples harden against my sensitive palms as Rachel pushed her boobs against my shaking, perspiring hands. The stiffness of the corset around my waist restricted my movements and seemed to increase the blood flow to my pussy and my boobs, making me feel light-headed. I was becoming more and more aroused as Rachel provoked me further. She curved her spine and ground her bum into my groin just below the edge of my tight-laced corset. My pussy pulsed and I had to pull away from Rachel; she was making me so hot and horny I began to loose control. I desperately wanted to rub my cunt through my sheer panties; I knew they were wet from my arousal and I so wanted to moisten my fingertips with my juices. I'd never worn a corset before but I knew I'd want to repeat the experience, the wonderfully erotic sensations of being held and controlled.

I had never felt another woman's breasts before. I knew from watching other women, comparing the way their breasts move when they walk, bend and turn, that many women's boobs are softer and suppler than my own. But compared even to mine, Rachel's are just so, so firm. I also remembered the rule 'no cosmetic surgery, 100% home grown'.

"Are they, well, all yours?" I asked in disbelief.

Rachel smiled a broad smile. "Yup, they certainly are. Do you like them?"

"Rachel, love, they are just unbelievable. I'm just sad that I can't see them naked."

"Maybe another day. Love."

I was struggling, in my heady state of arousal, to understand where reality ended and the fantasy that is Julia – Mystery Shopper/Valued Client began. If this was actually happening to me, does that make it real? Or if it's make-believe, why am I enjoying it so much? Can I be whatever I want to be? Where are the boundaries of my new imaginary world, and can I control them?

I continued with the act.

"I'll need to see the rest of your bodystocking before I could possibly decide to buy one for myself," I taunted, experimenting with my new persona to see how convincing I sounded and how far she would go, but Rachel upstaged me.

"I couldn't risk snagging it on my broken nail, you'll have to take off my trousers for me." I pulled down the side zipper with a single strong movement and repeatedly slid my hands down each leg in turn to ease the tight fabric down to her ankles. Finally, as I bent down to free them I caught the unmistakeable smell of a woman's natural scent, a clear indication that Rachel was enjoying our little performance as much as I was. I stood to admire the way that the bodystocking outlined and accentuated the strong curves of Rachel's bum and she cooperated by pirouetting slowly and provocatively, thrusting her pussy mound towards me.

Rachel changed her tone, bringing me down to earth. "This is a brand new line we are introducing. It's only been in the stores for a few days and comes in this grey, in white and in a lovely sexy purple. You'd look great in the fountains in that."

I could only start to imagine how sexy I, or Rachel, would look in a wet bodysuit, clinging tenaciously to every curve. I gave in. "OK, OK, I'll take it in the purple and also in the grey."

"A very good choice." Rachel skilfully brought the role-play to an end. "Now, let me help you out of your new corset; I'll take it to the pay-point with your other purchases. I'll get dressed and meet you there." Clever, I thought. I had not actually said I would buy the corset; she's bounced me into the sale! She slackened the lacing and the blood rushed back to my torso, only to further my arousal which, frustratingly, I could not release.

Emma already had three delicate china cups and a refreshing pot of Earl Grey tea on her desk when Rachel showed me back to her office for the last item on my agenda.

"So, how do you feel the last 2 days have gone, Julia?"

"Really, really well, thanks" I replied. "Charlotte and Rachel have done a great job and I feel well prepared to embark on my new career. I have enjoyed my 'training' immensely," I continued, smiling and squeezing my thighs together as another rush of excitement hit my crotch, "and I just can't believe that I am going to earn a living having attentive and pretty ladies like them papering me."

"Julia, we expect you to work hard and not all your experiences will be good. We strive to continually improve and if we were perfect we wouldn't need a mystery shopper. Rachel and Charlotte are among the best."

Emma pushed a shining, slim silver laptop computer and a small matching hand-held 'palm-top' across her desk. "Here, you'll need these. The computer is internet-ready and pre-loaded with e-mail software and the fully-illustrated Passionella product portfolio, so you can evaluate how well the Dems sell the features and quality of our products. You need to report back regularly the areas where we need to change and improve but you will also have a lot of fun. I miss being out 'on the floor' and I envy you."

Emma looked wistfully out of the window for a moment, then continued. "So, you should start tomorrow by 'working' the 3 London outlets. Next week we expect you to get round at least some of the provincial stores. Then, we have a new product launch here next Thursday; you should be here in your role as Wealthy Client, you'll enjoy it. I'll see you then if not before. OK?"

Again, Emma left nothing in doubt, but then remembered: "Oh, yes. You can move into your apartment on Saturday, here's the address and the keys. I hope you like it" I looked at Rachel then back at Emma. I had no further questions so I finished my tea and left, turning to thank them and blow each of them a Passionella kiss. Rachel called to me: "Your new purchases are on my desk, take them home and enjoy them. Remember, I'm happy to help 'lace you up', anytime." My heart skipped a beat at the thought and once I was sure I was out of sight, I descended the single flight of stairs two at a time. I had become two different people. The Julia I was when I woke up on Monday morning, and a new Julia I was creating. Yes, Julia, who could be anything and do anything I want her to, without guilt or shame.

****************************************************

I arrived back at Kirsten's apartment at about 5:00 and was surprised to find the door slightly open. I hadn't expected Kirsten back until the next day. Fearing that she had been burgled, I pushed the door open and called out "Who's there?" A voice I did not recognise called back, in an Australian accent "I am, it's me, Terri, oh, err, who are you, I thought you were Kirsten."

"Sorry, no, I'm ..." I stopped for a moment as I struggled to think who I was. Was I Julia, employee of Passionella, or was I Julia, proprietor of recruitment agency, customer of Passionella. "I'm Julia and I'm a customer of Kirsten's. She's letting me use her apartment." We made some easy small talk and I admired Terri's frame. Far from being a short, motherly Philippino in her fifties as I assumed all maids were in London, she is about 5'9" tall with shoulder-length blonde hair. Natural blonde I concluded as she has eyebrows to match and blue eyes. I put her at about 20 years old and could quite accurately guess her size at 34A-22-33. How? My Passionella training, plus the fact that she wore a tight tee-shirt that failed to cover her midriff, tight hipster shorts and sandals. That's all. Obviously no bra, and for all I could tell maybe no panties or just a skimpy thong at best. Her tummy is flat and muscular and her thighs are solid but slim and shapely. These young Australian girls, what kind of gene pool turns out beauties like this who love to show off their bodies? I suppressed a twinge from my pussy that sent appreciative messages to my brain.

Terri obviously noticed the attention I was paying to her barely-covered shape and defused the atmosphere. "Do I surprise you? Sorry, cleaning is physical work and I try to keep cool." I piled my stuff in a corner and sat on the edge of the bed; we discussed Terri and how she came to be maiding. "I'm over here as a student; I'm studying the Dramatic Arts and need to work to pay my fees. I'm happy doing physical labour as it helps to keep me supple and trim for my dancing plus, it's undemanding mentally so I can think whilst I vacuum."

Her chirpy Oz accent amused me, so positive and open. "Do you need more work?" I enquired. Fortunately she did and I soon had her booked to maid for me too. Kirsten had always praised her but never told me how lovely and friendly she was; we agreed a price and that she would start on Saturday afternoon. I gave her my new address. "That's great, it's only two blocks from here. Thanks." Terri finished quickly and left with a happy smile and a wave goodbye.

I hung my new corset in the wardrobe space that Kirsten had made for me and made a coffee. On my way to the kitchen, I pushed closed the drawer next to Kirsten's bed where I had found her box of phallic friends. I was sure it was shut when I left this morning.

Feeling tired after another hectic and stimulating day, I decided to eat in again. I was missing Kirsten immensely but had not had a chance to make contact with any of my old girlfriends, many of whom I hadn't seen in years. Frustratingly, I now realised that my new role meant it would be difficult to socialise with the Passionella staff without arousing suspicions over my client status. I sat and mulled over my new persona, how I was going to approach the girls in the retail outlets, what I needed to buy for my apartment and more besides. I tapped copious notes and lists into my laptop and brainstormed some ways to gain the confidence of the Dems.

Late in the evening, when I was no longer able to concentrate, I climbed into my bed and slept like a baby.