 Jennifer wildly bucking and moaning incredibly loud. "yes! Oh god, yes," She couldn't hold back any longer. She spread her legs and hips as wide as they could possibly go and thrust her hips into he air. Brenda continued to suck on her clit, and fuck her pussy with her fingers. "ooooooo" was all Jennifer could say. GOD she was cumming and it felt so great. She soaked Brenda fingers with her cum. Brenda stopped and looked up to meet Jennifer's gaze. 

Jennifer was smiling now "why don't you bring yourself up here and let me return the wonderful favor you gave me."

Brenda smiled widely and stood up slowly. She hooked her thumbs into her shorts and panties, quickly pulling them off. She climbed up onto the bed. She was about to lay next to Jennifer. Jennifer got up and walked over to the nigh stand, pulled something out and walked back over to the bed. 

"I'm gonna make sure you get the favor returned," she said with a devilish grin."

'What are ya gonna do," Brenda asked." Well, that's for me to know right now, and you to soon find out." Jennifer said with the devilish grin again.

Jennifer walked back over to the bed, stood at the bottom, and motioned for Brenda to move downward. Although Brenda had a puzzled look on her face, she moved down and waited with anticipation to see what was going to happen. 

Brenda now had her ass at the edge of the bed. Jennifer knelt down, and spread Brenda's legs wide. She cupped Brenda pussy in one hand, giving it a light massage. she gently worked her hand to one side, and allowed her thumb to touch the increasing wetness of Brenda pussy. Jennifer massaged her pussy hole, encircling it. She teased it slightly by pushing just the tip in, and massaging the very inside before pulling it out. Brenda was so far enjoying what was happening. It felt so good. 

She was so incredibly wet Jennifer thought. Her thumb was soaked already. She moved it up to the backside of Brenda clit. Brenda thrusted her hips up slightly to give more access to her pussy. Jennifer bent her head down stuck out her tongue and licked her clit ever so gently sending a shock wave of pleasure through Brenda. " Oooohhh, Yes!," she said. Jennifer drew the clit into her lips and began sucking on it. She played with it with her tongue, wiggling it back and forth. Brenda was bucking fiercely with the pleasures Jennifer was giving her.

Jennifer could tell Brenda was getting closer and closer to having an orgasm. " not yet" she said. It was just like that. All of a sudden Jennifer stopped sucking on her clit. 

"Oh GOD, don't stop," Brenda said. Jennifer pulled out her vibrator and stuck it at the entrance to Brenda's hole. Brenda started bucking fiercely, trying to take it in. "OH GOD, yes that's it stick in my wet pussy" replied Brenda. 

Jennifer did as she was told this time. She pushed the vibrator into her, and pulled it out. She began fucking her with it as she continued to lick the underside of her clit. Brenda being so close before couldn't hold back long. It was just a few moments and she was bucking wildly and moaning incredible loud. 

"Oh, Oh, Oh I'm gonna cum." She said

She exploded with an orgasm she never though was possible. It was so incredible and so intense. She shook for what seemed like ten minutes or so. With her thighs still quivering she looked down at Jennifer who turned to look up. 

"Thank you, for returning the favor. That had to of been the best orgasm I've ever had" said Brenda. 

Jennifer didn't say anything. She got up and climbed onto the bed and laid down next to Brenda. Jennifer laid there only a few minutes before she got up again. OK this time I have to jump into the shower and get ready for the party tonight, Jennifer thought. "Brenda, I have to jump into the shower again and clean up, I'll be right back" she said. 

"OK don't be long cause I have to jump in now myself." Replied Brenda.

Jennifer grabbed her towel and headed for the shower again. This time she managed to soapy up and finish normally, without any interruptions. She started heading back to her room and thought wildly of what had just taken place there. wow! That was the first time she had ever experience something like that. Never in million years had she ever thought of trying it either. She wasn't sorry for what she did. She liked it and totally enjoyed every moment. She found herself wondering if and when she'd be trying that again.

"Brenda, showers all yours. But you might wanna hurry its getting cold," Jennifer said. 

"Gee thanks! "replied Brenda. 

Jennifer went into her room and walked over to the closet. She looked through all the close and decided on a nice sleek short black dress. This one was her favorite. As she slid it on it hugged her body nicely. It accented her breasts in just the right way. showing off the curves. As she turned different ways looking in the mirror again she started thinking back to her encounter with Brenda earlier. The way Brenda felt, her smell. The way Brenda teased her and made her cum. Oh god she thought she was wet again. 

She hadn't put her thong panties on yet, so she figured she'd just give herself a quickie and god hopefully be able to focus enough to continue with tonight. She put her foot up onto the dresser in front of the mirror. Pulled her dress all the way up, and parted her pussy lips from underneath her thigh. She began to make circles around her clit, moving her fingers over her hole. wow was she wet. She pushed just the very tips of her fingers in and then pulled them out again. Licking and sucking on them. Remembering the taste of Brenda's pussy. 

It felt so good she was moving her pussy against her finger to her own responses. She moved her hand from behind her to in front where she placed her 2 middle fingers to her entrance and slid them all the way in. As she pulled them out slowly she ran them right up the backside of her clit. She slid them in again this time bringing her body down to take even more in. Little moans escaped her lips. She was fucking her fingers and it felt sooo good. She was there she was about to cum oh god yes she thought. The cum just shot all over her fingers and into her hand. She couldn't help but taste her fingers again, sucking and licking her own juices.

Jennifer stood up took a deep breath and smiled at her self in the mirror wow now that was good she thought. She grabbed her towel and wiped her fingers off. she put her thong panties on and finished getting ready. She applied her makeup and put on a hint of perfume. She went to the mirror on last time, she smiled happily. She knew she looked great." Brenda, c'mon "said Jennifer." Were running behind as it is, we have to go. " 

Brenda walked into the living room wearing a tight hip hugging red dress. Her hair was up in a ponytail and she looked great. she smiled at Jennifer and said "OK sexy, lets get a move on. Can't have the birthday girl not be at her own birthday party," Jennifer smiled at Brenda as the walked arm and arm out the front door.