 Slipping away un-noticed, I stepped quietly along the corridor and tapped on the Black Room door. It was now just before 2 am. Linda's voice sounded familiar, but lacked her usual air of confidence as she invited me in.

When I walked through the door, Linda was standing against the opposite wall with her hands behind her waist. She looked tense. She had changed her clothes and was hardly recognisable. She was wearing a long, black and very expensive sleeveless cocktail dress that concealed her entire body, from the high neckline right down to her ankles. Her face was heavily made up, with very dark red lips and thickly- yet expertly-applied black liner around her eyes, and her streaked auburn hair was pulled back tight in a severe pony-tail.

"Hi, come in, and close the door," she suggested.

I did.

Linda walked a few measured steps towards me. Her dress was split up both sides so that, as she stepped forward her legs were briefly visible and I could see she wore black glossy tights or stockings and stiletto-heeled open-toe shoes under her dress.

Linda invited me to sit and she sat down opposite me, crossing her legs carefully. Her dress fell aside and I couldn't help but see right to the tops of her opaque shiny stocking although I couldn't see what held them up.

Linda chatted about the evening in general terms, but it seemed she had something else on her mind. She nervously crossed and uncrossed her legs several times and, although she asked me for my opinions, she seemed uninterested in my replies.

I was interested in her legs.

Holding a champagne flute tightly in her hands, Linda paused for a few moments then began to speak quietly.

"Julia," she began, "tonight has been the culmination of the last 10 years of my life. Everything I've worked for has come together this evening, both in my business and personal life. And Julia," she continued, speaking even more slowly and softly, "you, yes only you, have finally made that possible."

Phew, the accolade was quite surprising and I was taken aback by Linda's openness. But not as much as I was by what happened next.

Linda continued to speak in deliberate, hushed tones. "Julia, you have made me very, very happy and the only way I can express my respect, my affection and my gratitude to you is to give you something very special. Something money cannot buy, something very, very personal."

I sat quietly for a moment as her words sank in and wondered exactly what she might be planning to give me. A family heirloom? A directorship of her company? Her treasured childhood teddy-bear?

But no, when it came, the offer was much, much more than that.

"Julia, I want to give myself to you."

I sat with my mouth open, stunned and confused, unable to speak. All I could do was stare.

Linda elaborated:

"I want to be your provider in every way. I want to satisfy your every desire and I want to serve you, to be your maid, your servant and your lover. I want to give myself over to you, totally. Place my trust in you and meet all of your needs. I want to be ... your ... ... ... slave"

Oh shit! Is all I could think, as I tried to assimilate all of the implications of Linda's offer, her promise, no, her demand.

As my mind raced I sensed an awesome, frightening and magnificent feeling of power and self-confidence well up in me, just like the time on stage several hours before, when Danielle had bowed down and kissed my boot, and long before that when Linda submitted to me in the Gold private room. But much stronger. I became intoxicated by the feelings of elation and boosted self-assurance that mingled with the sense of responsibility that Linda's role-reversal invested in me. Any tiredness I'd been feeling melted away.

I stood up.

Linda slid off the sofa and sank to her knees at my feet.

"In public I'm still your employer and hence your superior. But in our private lives I'm yours, to do with as you wish. I'm subservient to you and you are my mistress. Will you take me as your slave?" Linda pleaded, "Please!"

Instinctively, frighteningly and without hesitation I placed my hand on her head and bowed it down. "Linda," I replied, speaking clearly and commandingly, "you are mine."

I shuddered and let out a long wavering sigh as the gravity of what I had said sank in. Linda did not move, and I realised she was already waiting my first instruction.

"You can stand up now," I suggested, but Linda just looked up at me, eyes wide and appealing. I tried to re-tune into her vision of the relationship she craved, and changed my approach.

"Stand up," I instructed, assertively.

Linda obeyed at once. I was spellbound.

My pussy flushed from the powerful, undeniable excitement that I was experiencing. I was partly shocked and a little ashamed at the way I felt, but as long as I had Linda's permission to treat her this way I would derive maximum pleasure from my new-found superiority.

I needed to test the water, so I gave Linda several simple tasks to complete, including tidying the room and locking the door. I ensured that Linda knew she would ultimately be allowed to receive pleasure as well as to give it, but I did not want to undermine the dominant position Linda had conferred on me by her submission.

"Plump up the cushions on the sofas," I commanded, and Linda busied herself dutifully.

I was starting to get used to my new role and I took more control.

"You have finished your chores and you have done well; now, undress!" I insisted.

Linda looked very pleased.

She reached behind her neck and unfastened the high collar of her dress, allowing the front to fall away. She lowered her bare arms back down to her sides so I could look at her. Around her long neck she wore a wide purple leather choker with a metal ring at the front and metal studs around its upper and lower edges.

"Good," I affirmed, "now take off the dress."

Linda reached behind her back. Normally I would have offered to help with the zip, but things were different now. Linda struggled, but succeeded.

The dress dropped to her waist and my jaw dropped in surprise; I was totally unprepared for what she revealed beneath her respectable, sophisticated cocktail dress.

Her entire upper body was encased in smooth, shiny purple latex. Her normally rounded breasts were squeezed tight against her chest but her small, exquisite nipples jutted forwards invitingly, forced into pointed cones as they protruded through round holes cut in the front of the rubber bodice. Wide straps passed over her shoulders and as Linda pirouetted slowly, seeking my approval, my eyes fell on more than a dozen straps buckled tight across her back. Her lovely trim waist was pulled in by the taught latex and her neat navel was just visible.

Linda appeared pleased when I smiled and nodded silently in appreciation. She wriggled her feminine hips and hundreds of pounds worth of black designer fashion fell crumpled at her feet, exposing a deep garter belt in matching purple latex rubber with six wide suspender straps on each side. These supported her stockings, which I could now see were also made from latex rubber. Lastly, a small triangle or purple rubber barely concealed her pussy and, as Linda turned slowly once more to please me, I took pleasure in the view of her buttocks parted by the wide thong strap jammed tightly between them.

"Do you approve of me, mistress?" Linda enquired theatrically.

I insisted she turn another full 360 degrees then bend forward, keeping her knees straight. Linda obliged, and grasped her ankles with her hands, forcing her bum high in the air directly front of me. I reached out and kneaded her bare cheeks as though I was selecting tasty fruit in a French provincial market, then cupped my hand over her hot, latex-sheathed pussy that bulged from between her bare upper thighs. I ran my fingers along the outline of her cunt lips. I then pressed my middle finger over her cunt, pressing the latex into her widening slit. 

"No, please, stop," Linda pleaded, "I don't deserve your attention." I pulled my hand away and told her to stand up.

"I hope you like this outfit," she continued, explaining: "It's not from the launch show, it's not even in the catalogue. In fact, it's a specially made one-off, for you."

Shit! I thought to myself, Linda is serious about this; she's been planning in advance. My head was spinning with confused thoughts and contradicting values but my hormones were in full control. 'This could be a whole lot of fun,' I thought to myself, and it was.

"Come here," I insisted.

Linda stood in front of me. I took hold of the ring at the front of her leather choker and pulled her face towards mine.

"Kiss me – on the lips!"

Linda pressed her dark red lips hard against mine and closed her eyes. She kissed me wetly, moistening my face with her saliva. Then she probed deep inside my mouth with her tongue. I sucked on it, allowed it to roam for a while, then I bit it gently.

Linda pulled back and looked sulky. I chastised her for insolence and informed her she must be punished. I instructed her to stand in a spread-eagle pose whilst I attached cuffs to her wrists and ankles. I clipped one spreader bar between her writs and attached a rope from the ceiling to its centre, pulling her arms high above her head. I attached another spreader bar, the longest I could find, across her ankles and Linda raised herself onto tip-toes. Her suspender straps pulled her stockings high up her thighs and her thong stretched taught over her pussy mound. Linda moaned quietly.

"Watch me," I commanded. And almost lost control of my senses.

I put on a most lascivious, provocative and dirty striptease show, beyond my wildest imagination. Knowing I had a captive audience of one brought out the most audacious exhibitionist streak in me. I felt safe, knowing that no-one could touch me. I felt so hot and sexy having seen and taken part in some of the most bizarre sex acts I'd ever encountered and I'd spent the evening, and half of the night, with some of the most wealthy, gorgeous and sensual lesbians in the country. I was on a high.

I very, very slowly unbuttoned my jacket, allowing the front to part only a fraction to allow Linda just a glimpse. She wouldn't have known that I too had changed before joining her and may have assumed I was still wearing demure silk underwear under my burgundy suit. But I wasn't. Opening the front of my jacket a little more, Linda could see just three buckled straps of black shiny patent leather running across my midriff, and a deep cleavage between my hot, swollen breasts, forced upwards and together by my new attire.

Linda rocked her pelvis as much as her restraints would allow and tried to twist her hips. Her thong had worked its way into her pussy crack and the edges of her outer labia were creeping out from the sides. I imagined how she must have been feeling.

Holding the lapels, I slipped my jacket off my shoulders and dropped it down my arms, allowing it to fall to the floor behind me. Linda sighed and swallowed hard as she took in the sight of my revealing glossy leather open-fronted bustiére. It concealed only the outer half of my breasts then ran down my sides to my waist. My back was covered, but at the front a strip of flesh at least 15 centimetres wide was left exposed, from my cleavage down to my navel, interrupted only by the three buckled straps that pulled the two sides of the garment together.

Just for fun, I pretended to unbuckle the top strap, but instead I tightened it even more, forcing my breasts further together and lifting them higher on my chest. My nipples pressed hard against the strong natural leather and I cupped my hands over them and squeezed.

My pleasure, Linda's punishment.

The punishment of deprivation, just like when she was at school. And she seemed to be loving every moment.

So was I.

I turned my back on Linda and placed one foot on the arm of the black sofa, hitching up my skirt to adjust my suspenders, tantalisingly out of her view. Then I did the same with the other leg. Then facing Linda, with my feet apart, I bent forward so my boobs spilled out of their restraining leather and I ran my hands over the front of my skirt as though I was smoothing and neatening the fabric. I deliberately lingered over my pussy and the tops of my thighs before moving them around to my bum cheeks. Turning my back on my captive colleague, I massaged my cheeks and pushed my bum towards her. Then I lowered the zipper and gradually slipped the burgundy tube down my legs. Looking up, I could see Linda's face in the mirror and I timed my movements to maximise her frustrated response.

My cheeks were bare and a narrow strip of black patent leather ran down between them; I could feel it taught against my arse-hole and I pulled my bum-crack wide apart so Linda could see.

Turning around, I stood tall and allowed my employer to feast on the shaped triangle of soft, shiny leather that covered my aching, eager pussy and the narrow leather suspender straps that attached my stockings to the lower edge of my bustiére. I paraded my leather-clad body in front of Linda. I taunted and teased her with my movements and I talked dirtier than I ever had before. The words flowed freely.

"Linda, my nipples are so fucking erect you would not believe. They are so big and so very hard and they are pressing against this sexy, sensual leather and making me feel so hot and randy. I want to get my heavy tits out and rub my huge, erect nipples against you. I feel like I want to pinch and squeeze my nipples so hard they hurt. I want to make my nipples bigger, longer and harder than they have ever been. Do you want to see them, Linda? Do you want to see my tits?"

Linda nodded.

"Soon, Linda, soon," I replied.

From the tell-tale, give-away size of her own erect nipples, Linda was as close to climax as I was. But she would have to wait.

"Linda, I'm just going to have to take off this stuff. Sorry you can't help," I mocked, and I began to remove my bustiére. After I had meticulously unclipped my stockings from their suspenders, I slowly released the three buckle straps one by one and peeled apart the soft leather that struggled to contain my breasts. I pushed my shoulders back and my boobs escaped, the cold air hit my aching, ring-adorned nipples. The shock was intense and they jutted out like reddened fingertips. I dropped the skimpy leather garment to the floor and cupped my breasts, proffering them towards my captive slave.

"Look what you've done!" I mocked, fingering my nipples and making them throb to attention. You'll have to make me come tonight. I can't go home like this!"

Linda nodded and thrust out her tongue. She bent her head down to try to reach my buds but I moved away.

"I'll tell you how. Later."

I needed to come sooner, not later, but I was on a power trip.

"And Linda, you can't imagine how wet my cunt is. I can feel my juices building up deep inside my cunt, just bursting to escape when I take off this fucking tight thong. My pussy lips are swollen and spread wide and my hole feels so big, so gaping wide open and so juiced up, just waiting for something interesting and satisfying to probe deep inside me. Shit, Linda, this leather thong rubs against my clit every time I move and it's driving me mad. My clit is so, so very sensitive; it's big and swollen it feels as though I've got a tiny prick between my legs, a woman's cunt-prick, ready to fuck you a woman's fuck." 

I grasped the sides of the waist-strap and pulled the thong hard against my pussy, frigging myself against the inside and driving myself wild. I only just stopped in time before I came. I pulled the offending scrap of leather off my mound and down my thighs and I felt so totally naked, more aroused than I had ever been before and so self-confident I could have done absolutely anything.

My dirty-talk description of the area between my legs was pretty accurate. My juices ran down the inside of my legs and I had to stop myself from ramming several fingers deep inside my vagina.

Instead, I leant my shoulders against the wall, grasped my inner labial lips between my fingers and thumbs and pulled them wide apart.

"Look at my cunt, Linda." She did. "Look how wet and inviting it is. Is yours wet too Linda?" I asked, rhetorically.

Linda didn't answer.

"If you won't tell me, you must show me!" I insisted.

"Yes, Mistress" she replied.

I released Linda's wrists from the suspended bar. She sat back on the floor, obviously quite relieved. She should have asked permission first.

"Show me!" I repeated.

Linda couldn't take off her latex thong as her legs were still held wide apart by her ankle spreader so she stretched the purple rubber and pulled it across to one side. Her pussy gaped wide open and a mix of pussy lube and perspiration glistened on her pubic hair and her pink inner flesh.

"I thought so," I remarked, and took a closer look.

I had to stop myself from exclaiming in shear delight. Linda had a ring through a hole pierced in her clit hood.

The ring was quite large, it looked quite like stainless steel but was probably platinum and the small bud of her clitoris peeped out at me through its center.

"Especially for you, mistress," Linda remarked. I felt honoured, and even more horny. I couldn't wait to get my hands on it, later.

"Cover yourself, Linda," I continued, "That can wait. My cunt needs a fuck. Give me a G-spot orgasm."

I'd never found my own G-spot, but the Black room came equipped with a number of dildos and vibrators for just that purpose, so if I was going to have one, now was the time. And it was unlikely to take long.

"Yes, Mistress, but you'll have to release me. I can't walk," Linda explained.

I removed the spreader bar and Linda flexed her sore legs as she tottered across the room, unsteady on her high heels. She selected a carefully-chosen sex toy from the drawers and held up a very long, curved glass dildo, the end of which terminated in a small rounded knob. That looked promising.

But I was determined to maximize the thrill and take advantage of the unique equipment in the room I had created. I stepped a couple of paces to my left and reached up my arms.

"Strap me to this."

I instructed Linda to attach my arms and legs to the huge X shaped wooden cross on the wall. I moved my legs apart and she secured them firmly to the lower parts of the X with tight leather bands around my ankles, calves and thighs. Then She passed more leather straps around my wrists, lower arms, elbows and upper arms. Finally she buckled a wide leather clincher around my waist and strapped that tightly to the X. The effect was to tilt my pelvis back and thrust my Mound of Venus upwards and forwards. I was virtually immobilized, but I had put my complete trust in Linda. I knew she would obey me. I felt fantastic and my parted pussy ached as it craved Linda's attention.

Remembering some advice from Diane, I insisted we adopt a Safe Word.

"It needs to be a short, simple word that I can shout if I'm in serious danger and need to be released. 'No', 'Stop', 'Don't' or 'Help' are unsuitable; it must be a word that I would not expect to use in any context at any time during our sex."

"How about 'Man'", Linda suggested with a smile, "I can't imagine that would figure in anything between us." I saw the funny side and we agreed on 'Man'.

Taking charge again, I gave Linda more instructions. "Suck my nipples."

She did, expertly.

"Harder!"

Linda pulled my left nipple deep into her mouth and toyed with its ring using her tip of her tongue. I felt my teat grow long and swollen deep inside her hot, moist mouth. Then she released it suddenly and blew on it and the unexpected cooling effect added to my pleasure. On my instructions, she repeated the routine on my right bud and I savoured the feelings of simultaneously being totally helpless, yet totally in control.
