 It is the beginning of another school year and I am already anticipating endless evenings of helping with homework and studying for tests, not to mention driving this one here and that one there. Being a single parent can be exhausting and I was feeling just that thinking about it. 

After the short first week of school it came time for parent orientation. My sister came to the house to watch the kids while I went to the orientation. She took them to dinner so I had a little time to myself to take a long shower and relax before I had to leave. 

After my shower I stood in front of my closet wondering what to wear. I didn't want to be dressed too casual but not to dressy either. I chose a silky blue shirt that buttons down the front with jeans that fit snuggly around my hips. I topped it off with my black Frye belted harness boots. I looked in the mirror and a smile crept to my face. Not bad I thought. 

I never wore a lot of makeup, and my skin was still browned from the kiss of the summer sun. All I needed was a little black eye liner and black mascara and some cherry lip balm to make my lips look moist. 

I have dark brown hair that is short and wavy and frames my round face nicely, brown eyes that sparkle, and a small dimple in my chin that emerges when I smile. People, men and women alike, are always telling me how pretty I am, although I think I am just average. I am quite athletic and love to play sports but I could stand to lose a few pounds. I am 41 years old but my wholesome look makes me appear much younger.

On my way to the school I was anxious to see the other mothers that I hadn't seen in three months. We all got along well and had a good time when we were together. When I walked into the room I immediately saw my friend Maria. Her daughter was in the same class as my Sara and her son was in the same class as my Jack. The two boys played baseball on the same team so Maria and I became close friends during the summer months. 

I walked over to Maria and sat down next to her in the front of the class. We were talking and catching up with the other mothers when Sara's teacher, Linda Anderson, walked into the classroom. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She had a natural beauty that took my breath away. 

She had shorter blonde hair with different colored blonde highlights, no doubt from the summer sun, and the sexiest green eyes I have ever seen. I guessed her to be in her 50's. Her lips and nails were painted in a clear gloss, and her skin was of a fair complexion with the cutest freckles. 

She was taller than me with very long legs. She had on a black sleeveless blouse that showed the cleavage of her very ample breasts, with a pair of black slacks and black sandals. She had a little bit of a tummy but she still looked great. She didn't appear to have much makeup on but then again she didn't need it. 

I couldn't keep my eyes off of her tits. I knew I was staring but I couldn't tear my eyes away from her cleavage. She caught my stare and when I looked up at her she smiled and I couldn't help but to return the smile as my cheeks flushed red. She had a knockout smile which made my heart beat quicken, and I was feeling warm and tingly between my legs.

The next thing I knew, Maria was kicking me in the leg and calling my name. "Sheri" she called. Apparently one of the other moms had asked me a question. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" I asked, feeling my face flush again. "The welcome social, are you going" Debbie asked. "Um... yeah... sure, I'll be there" I replied. Just then Mrs. Anderson started her presentation.

I was right in front of the classroom sitting with Mrs. Anderson's desk to my left and Maria to my right. As I watched her give her presentation, I could not get enough of this woman. She had such a confidence about her. I found my eyes drop to watch the sway of her breasts as she moved in front of the classroom. I thought I was seeing things when I saw her nipples appear through her blouse. I could feel my own nipples growing hard under my blouse as I watched hers appear. When I finally looked back up to her eyes, her eyes were on mine. I could feel the heat in my cheeks as I blushed from being caught, and she gave me a sexy half smile, which made her eyes look dreamy. I felt that familiar tingle between my legs and the wetness from my arousal.

She moved over to her desk and leaned her hips up against it with her ankles crossed one over the other. She was right in front of me, not two feet away. I could smell her perfume, which was sweet and fruity, and smelled delicious. She made eye contact with everyone but her eyes always fell back to mine holding my gaze longer than appropriate for a parent teacher meeting. She had her left hand on her leg. She started rubbing her thumb slowly back and forth over the top part of her inner thigh. She had a silver thumb ring on her hand that sparkled under the florescent lights as she moved her thumb slowly and erotically back and forth. My breath was coming fast as I watched her thumb dance its erotic dance across her pant-covered flesh. I felt my clit swell against my panties and that tingle between my legs was starting to become a throbbing ache. 

I could hear myself screaming inside my head. What is the matter with me? Why is this woman affecting me this way? I am not a lesbian! God, I feel so horny. My panties are soaked. Am I a lesbian? Why is my body betraying me? Okay, just take a deep breath and relax. 

I was trying to control myself when finally she moved off the desk and returned to the front of the classroom. I let out a quiet sigh of relief and my breath returned to a somewhat normal pace. I watched her lips as she spoke, so full and soft and incredibly wet. I started to wonder what it would be like to kiss those lips, and as I did I unconsciously tilted my head to the side parting my lips slightly running my tongue over my lips. I looked up to her eyes and once again found hers looking back at me with that sexy half smile. Again I could feel the heat radiate across my cheeks as I turned bright red. I could feel my wetness dripping into my panties. 

As Linda finished her presentation, she was bombarded with parents flocking to her side to introduce themselves. I quickly said my goodbyes to Maria and the others I knew. I couldn't wait to get out of there and get away from that woman who was driving me crazy. 

I got into my car and started home and all I could think about was Linda Anderson. Was she flirting with me? No, she couldn't have been. She caught me gawking at her tits, how embarrassing. But she seemed to enjoy it and she must have become aroused from it because her nipples became hard right in front of my eyes. And what the hell is my problem. I have never thought of another woman in a sexual way before. Why the hell did I become so aroused by this woman? 

My mind was going wild with what had happened during the last hour and I couldn't make any sense of it. The more I tried to make sense of it the more aroused I became. 

When I got home it was time to get the kids ready for bed. I gave them their snack and got them to bed. I was so tired from all that had happened that evening I went right to bed. I tried to get to sleep but I kept having visions of those sexy lips and those inviting breasts. I couldn't clear my head. I was having fantasies about my daughter's teacher. 

I was kissing those glossy lips, nibbling on them, licking them. Our lips opened and my tongue entered her mouth. Before I realized it I had my hand in my panties and I was stroking my pussy. Slow, soft, stokes. Her hand reached up and cupped my right breast. I sucked in my breath then let out a soft moan. 

My hand was moving quicker over my swollen lips and clit and my breath was coming short and fast. Our kissing became more passionate and our tongues were dueling for control. We broke from our kiss to catch our breath and her lips fell to my neck. I tipped my head to the side as she kissed down my neck to my collarbone and made her way to my breast leaving a trail of light feathery kisses along the way. She was biting at my nipple through my shirt and my whole body was on fire. I arched my back as I sucked in a deep breath, which sent my shirt-covered breast deeper into her mouth. 

My hand was moving furiously over my clit and I was teetering on the edge of my orgasm. She moved her left hand down my side and across my stomach to my pussy and cupped my sex. "Linda" I screamed as I exploded in an intense orgasm, which left me quivering on my side for what seemed like forever but was probably only a minute or two. My breathing slowed and I drifted off to asleep feeling more satisfied than I had in a long time.

The following day brought the same routine. When the kids came home from school I emptied out their backpacks while they had their snack and watched a cartoon. As I was going through Sara's backpack I came across an envelope with "Mrs. Hartman" written on the front of it. I opened it up and saw it was a note from Linda Anderson. It read:

Ms. Hartman, 

I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to meet after the orientation last night. I was looking forward to talking with you. I will look for you this Friday evening at the welcome social. See you then. 

Linda Anderson

By the time I finished reading the note my hands were shaking and I could feel that oh so familiar tingle between my legs. Damn that tingle!

Friday evening came and again my sister had taken the kids for me. I got into the shower and started to lather up my body. My mind was racing with what would happen at the welcome social. What would I say to Linda and what would she say to me. I was embarrassed of the fact that she had "caught me" staring at her body twice the other night, not to mention the fact that I had masturbated thinking about her. I started feeling aroused again thinking about it. 

I continued to wash my body and when I reached my nipples I started to pinch and pull them. I was thinking about those lovely lips and what it would feel like to have them on my tits. My hand moved down my stomach and reached my wet pussy. I tried to stop myself but my arousal was too great. I rubbed my throbbing aching clit until I brought myself to another satisfying climax thinking about that sexy blonde.

Standing in front of my closet I was trying to decide what to wear. I found myself wanting to look good for Linda. This woman was really getting to me.

This was a very casual event and the weather was still warm so I chose a snug fitting pair of jeans that made my ass look delicious with a black halter top that showed off a good amount of cleavage without making me look like to much of a slut. I slipped on a pair of black leather flip-flops and put on a minimal amount of makeup and I was out the door.

I was very nervous on the ride over. Not knowing exactly what to expect was making my mind run wild.

As I was getting out of my car, I saw Maria pulling in the parking lot. I waited for her so that we could walk in together. Maria's husband is the football coach for the high school he teaches at so during this part of the year Maria is also a single parent.

We walked in and saw a few of the moms sitting at a large round table. We went to the bar to get a glass of wine and made our way over to the table. People were starting to file in and we were mingling with the other parents. Most of the teachers stayed together but I didn't see Linda amongst the group. I looked around and didn't see her anywhere. I was both relieved and disappointed. 

I was making idle chitchat with some of the other parents and having a good time. Maria was heading up to the bar for another wine so I went with her as I had just finished off my glass. We got our drinks and went back to our table. The band was just starting their first set and some of the teachers were headed out to the dance floor.

We were sipping our drinks and watching the dance floor when I saw her. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans with a plain white cotton tank top and sandals. The very sight of her made my mouth water. I immediately felt my heart rate increase and my mouth felt so dry. I finished my second wine in one huge gulp.

I continued to watch her as she danced with a couple of the female teachers. The sway of her ass was hypnotizing. The more I watched her the more I wanted her. My body and my mind were at war over this woman. My brain was telling my body to step off and my body was telling my brain to fuck off.

I couldn't help but notice Linda's beautiful tits. The tank top fit snuggly across her chest and did little to hide the curves of her breasts. I couldn't help but lick my lips as I watched her tits bounce to the music. I looked to her face and found her staring right at me. She smiled at me and then she opened her mouth and ran her tongue slowly across her lips. I felt an ooze of wetness escape from my pussy and for a moment I think I stopped breathing. 

The waitress made it to our table and I ordered another wine. I wasn't a big drinker so I was already feeling pretty good. One more drink and that was it for me. 

I excused myself and made my way to the ladies room. I went pee and wiped away the fluid that was seeping from my aching pussy. After I washed my hands I was feeling so flushed that I splashed a bit of cold water on my face. I grabbed some paper towels and was drying my face when I heard the first door of the bathroom open and then the second door open and close. 

Before I knew what was happening I felt a body leaned up against my back and hands on my waist. I didn't have to turn around. I knew it was Linda. I froze. I couldn't move even if I wanted to. My breath was coming fast and my clit was throbbing so hard it felt like it was going to push through my jeans. 

She leaned in and whispered something in my ear but I could barely hear what it was because all I could hear was my deafening heartbeat. She ran her lips over my ear and the breath that escaped her lips sent a shiver down my spine. I could feel my wetness dripping into my panties and my nipples were so hard they hurt.

Her hands left my waist and ran down over my hips and back up to my waist. Her left hand ran up my back and into my hair. She grabbed my hair firmly and pulled my head to the side. She licked my ear and kissed her way down my neck. Without warning a soft moan left my lips. With her right hand she grabbed my waist and turned me around so that I was now facing her. Our lips melted together and as they did we both let out a low moan.

Our lips parted and with her lips barely touching mine she said in a soft raspy voice, "I want you." Then she took my bottom lip in between her teeth and nibbled on it for a bit and then sucked it in her mouth massaging it with her lips and tongue. Her hands ran down my arms and grabbed my wrists. She pushed me against the stall and she had my hands pinned over my head. She continued to kiss me and our tongues were inside each other's mouths exploring every inch. 

She let go of my wrists and her hands pulled my shirt up over my breasts. She lifted my bra up over my tits and her mouth fell to my hard puckered nipple. A moan escaped my lips as I grabbed the back of her head and with fistfuls of her blonde hair drew her head in letting her know I wanted her there. 

She teased my nipple with her teeth, biting softly and pulling it until it broke free from her teeth and bounced back to my body. "Ohhhhhhhh yeeeeessss" I moaned in a whisper just as I heard the first bathroom door open. 

I quick jumped into the first stall and Linda began washing her hands just in time for the second door to open. I heard Linda dry her hands and leave the bathroom. I waited just a minute while I fixed my bra and shirt and took a few quiet deep breaths. I washed my hands and fixed my hair and exited the bathroom.

I made my way back to my table and continued with my mingling. I saw Linda talking with some of the parents. I could see that she wasn't going to be able to break free anytime soon so I sipped my wine and chatted with my friends. 

Linda had me so worked up my clit was screaming for some attention. I couldn't help the desire I was feeling as I watched the blonde. She kept looking over at me with lust in her eyes. I couldn't stand it any longer. I needed relief. I finished my wine and said my goodbyes. I quickly made it to my car and drove the short distance home.

The kids were already in bed when I got home. I thanked my sister and sent her on her way. I filled the tub with hot water and stripped off my clothes. I eased myself down into the soothing heat and tried to relax. 

I couldn't help but think of the sexy blonde. I kept replaying what had happened over and over in my head. This only added to my arousal. 

My right hand found its way to my needy pussy and I slowly played with my clit. I closed my eyes and imagined it was Linda's hand and not my own. My other hand slowly made its way up the inside of my thigh and continued up my stomach until it rested on my right breast. I massaged my breast and pinched and pulled on my hard nipple.

My breathing became fast and I could feel my whole body flush. I could feel my orgasm starting to build. I felt two fingers enter me knowing that they were mine but wishing they belonged to the sexy blonde teacher. I wanted so much for it to be her fucking me instead of myself. 

I wanted to touch her and feel her naked body against my own. I wanted to loose myself in her kiss. I wanted to touch her lovely breasts, to suck on them and lick and bite them. I wanted to taste her and make her scream my name. 

I arched my back and a long moan escaped from deep in my throat. The warm water was soothing as I came down from my climax. I dried myself off and slipped into bed and as I thought about my evening I made a mental note to schedule a parent teacher conference with Linda Anderson first thing Monday morning.