 Pledges 3 -- Interest Tea

~~~

Meeting the potential new members.

~~~

Lincoln University was located on an idyllic 500-acre plot of land just off the Virginia coast. The crisp ocean air swirled easily around the students as they hustled to make it to their 8am Monday morning classes.

Daniel Cross watched the hurried students from his window, 4 stories up, in the Faculty Administration building. Gray dotting the dark brown hair at his temples, the stoic man was impeccably dressed in a sharp navy two-piece suit. His coffee brown skin matched the dark blue color perfectly. 

Looking at the students, he remembered those days. A time when it was a luxury to be so carefree; free of the pressures of the real world. He sighed as he looked across his desk. Looking past the various papers and books scattered there, his gaze settled on a framed photograph. 

Picking up the picture, his eyes watered at the memories flashing in front of him. He stared at himself, his wife and his daughter. Everything he'd done, he'd done for them. They were all so happy once.

Now his wife was gone, a victim of a tragic car accident only 3 years ago. His daughter, still very much in his life, was either painfully distant, or angry and spiteful. He was at a loss for what to do. Being Provost of the University, he was charged with helping the students sort out their own issues. But how could he, when his own family was in shambles? He sighed heavily. He had to do something.

The intercom buzzed on his desk, interrupting his thoughts. "Mr. Cross?"

"Yes, Madeline?"

"Jade is here."

"Thanks. Send her --"

Before he could switch off the intercom, the door flew open. Jade Cross stormed across the room to stand directly in front of his desk. Eyes blazing, the slim 5'10" beauty, hands on her hips, glared at the weary man in front of her.

"Daddy!"

"Jade," he smiled. He moved from behind his desk to embrace his only child, but she quickly moved away.

"Daddy, we have a problem!" Determination set firmly in her voice.

"What is it, sweetheart?"

"It's Sierra Morgan. And those awful girls. Daddy, they're making my life miserable!"

"What happened, honey?" Daniel motioned for her to sit, but she was having none of it.

"Well, nothing yet. But they're holding an event. A sorority tea. On Friday."

Exasperated, he closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead. "Jade, what's the problem this time?"

"Daddy, why are they even still on campus? You know what they do!" she spat. "And they do it to each other! You know what kind of girls they are!"

"Sweetheart --"

"Those nasty girls need to be kicked off campus for their whorish behavior. I mean, everybody knows about them."

"Knows what?"

"Daddy! You know..."

Daniel tried a diplomatic approach. "Ok. I've heard some rumors. But even if they're true, those girls aren't breaking any laws. And they're not violating the University's Code of Conduct." He thought for a moment. "Wait, I thought they were pretty much good girls. I mean, didn't they win Sorority of the --"

"Daddy!"

Daniel cringed. "I'm sorry, sweetheart. I forgot." Being at odds with his daughter tore him up.

He enfolded Jade in a warm embrace, but he could feel the tension in her thin frame.

"Daddy, I just want to be happy," she pouted. "Those girls are just awful. Nobody likes them. Why can't they just leave?" Overwhelmed, she crumpled into loud sobs.

Daniel gently stroked her back. "Honey, I don't know what you want me to do. Without proof that they're doing something wrong, I can't do anything about Sierra or her group." He pulled back and looked his daughter in the eye. "Just forget about them, and concentrate on school, ok? Please?"

"So you won't help me get rid of them?"

Incredulous, Daniel Cross stared at his daughter. "Honey, I can't."

As sudden as they fell, Jade's tears quickly dried up. She yanked herself from her father's embrace, and wiped her eyes. "I guess I'm on my own then. Thanks for nothing." She turned and walked out, leaving the door wide open. 

Daniel sat down behind his desk and rested his head in his hands.

"Shall I bring you some aspirin?"

Daniel looked up. Madeline, his secretary, stood in the doorway. Dressed in a modest blue skirt and blouse, her warm smile tugged at his heart. She is such a sweetheart. I wish Jade was as concerned about me, he thought sadly.

"Yes, please. Thank you."

Madeline nodded, and closed the door.

Daniel rested his head back in his hands as frustrated tears began to fall. It was going to be a long year.

~~~

Sierra was amazed at how quickly Friday rolled around. Busy with the sorority, work and classes, the week raced by. Exhausted at the end of each night, she slept alone; desperate for a restful night's sleep.

Once Friday hit, however, she was rejuvenated with a fresh burst of energy. Today was the Mixer, and she was as excited as she'd ever been.

Rho Sigma Tau hosted an official welcome party on campus a few weeks ago when the semester first started, but the first Interest Tea of the year was always extra-special. It would be their first look at the new group of girls who were interested in pledging this year. It would also be the girls' first look at their sorority, so Sierra wanted everything to be perfect. Or as perfect as humanly possible.

At about 3:30pm on Friday afternoon, Sierra left her job at the campus library. Clad in her sorority sweatshirt and a cute denim skirt, she briskly made her way over to the Student Center building. Greeting several of the students inside, she headed upstairs to the fifth floor. Thankfully, the elevators were working. As she stepped in, she heard a loud voice.

"Sierra! Wait!"

She held the elevator doors open as a six-foot tall statue sprinted down the hall, her arms stuffed with a handful of bags.

"Hey, Miko!" Sierra laughed. "What's all this?"

Miko panted as she stepped inside the elevator and set the bags down. She fought to catch her breath as the doors closed. "I thought I'd bring all the decorations. I was done with class, so I wanted to come over early."

"Thanks, sweetheart. I'd kiss you, but your ass is entirely too tall." At only 5'4", Sierra was dwarfed by Miko's 6'1" frame. "In fact, I probably only come up to your ass."

"That's ok," Miko winked. "You can grab it and rub on it if you like, baby!"

"You're awful, girl! Just awful!"

Arriving at the room, the girls quickly went to work. For the next thirty minutes, the two ladies carefully arranged the setup. 

Right next to the door sat the registration table, complete with neatly printed name badges for the members and all of the guests. Several tables around the perimeter of the room were decorated with sorority paraphernalia, such as photo books, clothing and other cute trinkets. Two elaborately decorated sorority paddles, each four feet high, were proudly displayed near the back. Dramatic long-stemmed pink roses were on every table, carefully placed in antique gold vases, and each of the tables was fitted with a beautiful gold tablecloth. 

Two front tables, also covered with the gold tablecloth, were reserved for the Chapter officers. Rows of chairs were set up neatly in the center of the room to accommodate all of the guests. At the back of the room were two additional tables set up for refreshments. Two of Miss Mona's staff were coming to deliver a batch of tasty treats just before the event began.

"Wow! It looks great in here!"

The two girls looked up to see Lina walk in. "I'm sorry, guys. I hate that dance rehearsal ran late. I just got done," she frowned. "I wanted to help set up."

'It's ok, Sugar," Sierra said. "I'm just glad everything looks ok."

Just behind Lina, Courtney and Trina strolled in. Both were juniors and also members of Rho Sigma Tau. "Hey ladies!" they greeted in unison. 

"Hey, is Tamryn here yet?" Courtney asked.

"No. She should be here soon," Sierra replied. "Why?"

"I got something for her ass," Courtney smirked. "I'll be right back!" She nearly flew out of the room.

"What's that all about?" Sierra asked

"Dunno. They've been beefing all week, though." Miko offered.

Several minutes later, Courtney returned, a satisfied smile on her face. Shrugging, Sierra let it go and concentrated at the task at hand. The girls quickly put the finishing touches on the room while chatting and enjoying each other's company. 

Ten minutes later, the group heard a loud shriek. "I hate this broke-down building!"

"What the--" Sierra said, recognizing the voice immediately.

Tamryn limped in, beads of sweat dripping down her face. Her damp waist-length hair hung limply against her back. "Why is the elevator broken, today of all days?"

The girls looked at each other quizzically. "It's not broken," Miko offered. "We just used it a while ago, and it was fine."

"There was a sign," Tamryn said, gasping for breath. "Elevator Out of Service."

"What sign?" Sierra asked. Suddenly she looked at Courtney, who had a wide grin on her face.

"Courtney, go take the sign down," Sierra ordered. "Hurry. Before the girls begin to come."

As the girls caught on, they started to giggle, then began to laugh hysterically. Tamryn's eyes opened wide, then closed into slits as the realization dawned on her that she'd been had. Tamryn's eyes shot daggers at Courtney as she left the room. This would not be forgotten, she thought.

Reading her mind, Sierra stepped in. "It's just a prank, Tam. Let it go."

Speaking to the group, Sierra continued. "Besides, we have to go over tonight's program one more time before everyone gets here."

Grudgingly, Tamryn wiped her brow and smoothed her damp hair back. She took a seat as the girls held a quick meeting. Sierra briefly outlined the entire night's program. She went over everything; from the initial introductions, to the games she'd planned, to the refreshments, to the one-on-one time. 

As more of their sorority sisters arrived, the girls became more spirited and animated. Everyone was on a Rho Sigma Tau high. All of a sudden, one of the girls started singing the sorority hymn. Before long, they were all holding hands and singing loudly in unison.

Just then, a shrill voice rang out.

"Well, well, well. What have we here?"

The girls stopped singing and looked toward the back of the room.

Jade Cross stood in the doorway, hands on hips, and an evil look on her face. Behind her were two other girls, a set of twins, each with an equally sour look on her face. Mya and Brianna Marks, along with Jade, were members of Mu Lambda Sorority.

"It's the Triumvirate of Evil," Tamryn quipped.

Marching toward the door, Sierra's jaw was set tightly. "This is a private event. You ladies, and I use that term loosely, are not welcome."

"We're not staying," Jade said. "We just wanted to wish you luck. We hear you're looking for some new sluts this semester." She paused. "Or should I say dyk--"

Quickly, the other girls rallied behind Sierra. Miko rose to her full height and moved to stand right next to Sierra. "You want trouble, mama? If you feel froggish, go ahead and jump!"

Outnumbered, Jade, Mya and Brianna backed up. "This isn't over. Not by a long shot!" Jade shrieked. "I swear, I'm personally going to get you nasty hoes thrown off campus. Permanently!"

~~~

"Thank you ladies so much for coming. Rho Sigma Tau is committed to sisterhood, excellence and achievement." As Sierra continued her opening remarks, her mind continued to race. Finishing the short speech, she paused and nodded at Tamryn. "Now, I'd like for each of the Chapter Officers to stand and introduce themselves."

As they did so, Sierra took her seat. She was still boiling from the confrontation with Jade and her crew. She'd taken hits before for being who she was -- she was no stranger to peoples' judgments -- but someone attacking her girls was unforgivable.

Thankfully, there were more pressing things to deal with. Like all of the smart, pretty and accomplished young women who attended their Mixer. She smiled and relaxed. Many of the girls were absolutely gorgeous, but a few definitely stood out.

For example, seated in the front row was Nadia Coleman. A freshman biology major, her smooth brown skin and soft reddish-brown hair captured Sierra's attention immediately.

A few rows back sat Roxanne Baker and Michelle Erwin. Roxie and Mickie, as they liked to be called, were both freshmen and dorm roommates. Roxie was a journalism major, while Mickie was yet undecided.

In the back row was Kara Scott. Kara was a sophomore engineering major. Though quiet and reserved, her eyes sparkled with delight. Her bright smile truly lit up the room, and her energy was contagious. Her light brown skin and black hair, done up in curly ringlets, gave her a cute look. She also noticed that Tamryn kept staring at the pretty girl. My goodness, Sierra thought. Is Tam smitten?

Finally, Angela, the last of the introductions of the Chapter Officers, finished her short speech introducing herself as the Alumni Relations Chair. Sierra then stood and addressed the group. "Now, we're going to play a few games. We have some icebreakers planned so we can all get acquainted."

After the fun games, Sierra gave a spirited history of their organization. Soon after, the girls had light refreshments, compliments of Miss Mona. The delicious snacks were a big hit with the girls. Then Sierra called for mingle time; time where each of the members could mingle and talk one-on-one with each girl.

Though she had her favorites, Sierra found that all of the girls were fantastic in their own right. I wish I could take them all, she mused. Hell, I wish I could taste them all, she chuckled.

At the end of the event, Sierra and the members of Rho Sigma Tau thanked all of the girls for coming and bid them goodnight. Once the last girl left, the members stayed to clean up.

Lina sauntered next to Sierra. "A group of us are going out. You coming?"

"No, hon. I'm exhausted." Sierra yawned. "I just want to crash tonight."

Lina shook her head. "You never want to go out. It's Friday night, Sierra!"

"I'm good. Look, maybe we'll all do something tomorrow, ok?"

"Sure," Lina said, dejected. "Fine."

"Wait, Lina --"

"No, Sierra. I'll catch you later." Lina walked off with Courtney, Trina and some of the other girls.

"Trouble in paradise?"

Sierra turned to see a smirk on Tamryn's face. "Tamryn, do not start with me," Sierra warned.

Tamryn held her hands up. "Ok, ok. Actually, I just had a question." Suddenly, she began to shuffle nervously. "I'm curious. What do you think about Kara?"

"Kara?"

"Kara Scott. Engineering major. Sophomore. Black curly hair. Light brown skin."

Sierra grinned. "What's more important is what you think about her. What, you're interested?"

Tamryn fumbled. "I was just asking. Shit, nevermind. I should've known you wouldn't be of any help." She turned and hurried out of the room.

Sierra sighed. Young love. Complicated as hell.

~~~

Roxanne "Roxie" Baker lay in bed in her dorm room in Robinson Hall. Wearing a light pink camisole, her body was still damp from her shower. Her dark brown locs lay seductively on her pillow. She was still excited by the night's activities. She'd heard about Rho Sigma Tau while still in high school. The thought that she may have a chance to pledge such a prestigious organization-- 

"You look like you're in deep thought." Michelle "Mickie" Erwin stood in the doorway wearing a tattered light blue bathrobe and slippers. Her silky black hair fell loosely around her shoulders. Her skin, the color of rich cappuccino, simply glowed.

"That was a quick shower," Roxie joked.

"No. Yours was a quick shower. You're in bed already." Mickie locked the door. "Did you have a good time tonight?"

"Yes. I loved everything. I'm really excited. How 'bout you?"

Mickie thought for a moment. "It wasn't bad. I never thought of myself as the sorority type, though. But those girls were really nice."

Roxie smiled. "Yeah, they were cool. You think you might want to pledge with me?"

Mickie sat on the edge of Roxie's bed. "There's plenty of time to talk about that later." She leaned down. "Now I want to talk about something else..."

"What's that?"

"This." Mickie's soft lips kissed Roxie's. The girls kissed and licked each other's lips passionately.

Roxie pulled back. "The door's locked, right?"

"Yes. Of course. Don't worry." Mickie stroked Roxie's hair gently.

"I just hate that, you know? What other people think," Roxie frowned. "That's why I really like the sorority. We wouldn't have to hide."

Mickie picked up one of Roxie's locs and twirled it around her finger. "I didn't exactly see them groping each other. How are you so sure?"

Roxie sat up and silenced her with a warm kiss. "I've been studying this group for years. I know. You just have to be a member first. But I know."

Mickie leaned in for another kiss. "I know something too. Like how beautiful you are." She stroked Roxie's cheek. "I'm so glad you were assigned to be my roommate." She paused. "I know this is fast. Really fast," she grimaced. "But I care about you so much."

Roxie's breath caught. "I care about you too, sweetie. Let me show you how much." Roxie wrapped her arms around Mickie and felt the girl's intense heat.

"Wait!" Standing up, Mickie stripped off her bathrobe and kicked off her slippers. Completely nude, Mickie slid on top of the petite girl and buried her face in Roxie's neck. Inhaling the sweet scent of baby oil, Mickie grinned. "You smell so good, baby." Mickie sucked and bit Roxie's soft flesh until the lovely girl moaned in delight. Pulling back, Mickie saw a dark flush rise under Roxie's light brown skin.

"Uh, oh," Mickie giggled.

"Did you just brand me?" Roxie asked in mock anger. "Did you just give me a hickey?"

Mickie rained sweet kisses all over Roxie's face. "Please forgive me, big sister, sorority girl, ma'am!" The girls dissolved in laughter.

Smiling, Roxie stroked Mickie's hair. The two girls wrapped themselves in each other's arms, bathing in each other's warmth. 

"Let's get rid of this." Mickie quickly removed Roxie's silky lingerie, and admired the girl's golden brown skin. The girls embraced again.

Roxie bit and kissed Mickie's lips until the beautiful gems were swollen. Then she started on Mickie's sweet neck. She made Mickie writhe in ecstasy with her impassioned kisses.

Trailing down a line of kisses to Mickie's breasts, Roxie used her tongue to trace figure-eights all over the silky flesh.

"Oooh..." Mickie moaned.

Roxie could feel Mickie's racing heartbeat as she teased the girl's rigid nipples. Mickie's full breasts sat at attention under Roxie's ministrations. Roxie continued to tease Mickie's hard peaks until the girl begged for mercy.

Roxie moved her head lower, teasing and nipping at Mickie's firm stomach. As Roxie's passion increased, she licked harder and faster. She could smell Mickie's arousal and it set her heart and body ablaze.

Mickie's head swirled with the intense pleasure. Everywhere Roxie stroked, Mickie raced closer and closer to ecstasy. Roxie's soft hands caressed her body, making her cry out in delight.

Roxie's fingers began to play in the soft curls between her lover's legs. Kissing her soft thighs, Roxie adjusted herself on the bed, positioning herself at Mickie's heated wetness.

Mickie shrieked as she felt Roxie's tongue gently lave her wet pussy. Bright light flashed in front of her eyes as the delicious sensations of Roxie's tongue consumed her.

Roxie settled into Mickie's moist heat and drank deeply. Spotting her pink jewel, Roxie zeroed into her target. She licked and sucked the swollen clit until Mickie cried out over and over.

"Oh, honey, honey, honey," Mickie cried. "That's so good, baby!"
