 Publication of any and all trademarks contained herein are not authorized by, associated with, nor sponsored by the trademark owners.

~~~

Chapter 6: The First Day of Pledging:

The Sisters catch the pledges off guard.

~~~

Sierra sat in her bedroom, reclining in her chair, her legs propped up on top of her desk. She had her phone cradled between her ear and her shoulder, waiting for the other party to pick up. As she waited, she held out her hands and admired her fresh manicure.

"My nails look hot," she said as she waited on hold. Her glossy pink nail polish gleamed in the warm mid-November sunlight that streamed through her window.

Then she carefully smoothed her hair back. "Oooh, damn," she whispered. "The hair's kinda rough, girl. I need a fresh perm to-day."

Suddenly a woman's voice came on the line.

"Sierra? Hi. This is Natalie Sherwood, Director of Undergraduate Membership. Thanks for holding. You're calling about your initiates?"

"Yes. How are you Ms. Sherwood?" Sierra said, quickly pulling her feet off the desk. Unfortunately, her right foot knocked over her pencil holder in the process. 

"Crash!"

A handful of her pens and pencils flew everywhere.

Shit, Sierra thought as she got down on the floor to collect the pens and pencils that had scattered. "I can sure be a clumsy ass," she murmured while on her knees, still trying to hang on to the receiver.

"Sierra? Excuse me? Is everything ok?"

"No, no I'm fine." Sierra tossed the instruments on the desk and pulled herself up off the floor. "I'm fine," she said as she again settled back in her chair and pulled herself together. 

Sierra took a deep breath. "Yes," she began, "I just wanted to check with the Rho Sigma Tau National Office to see if you've made a final decision on our candidates. We've done our pre-pledge process and we've already had our interviews. We've narrowed it down to four girls for the intake process and we submitted all of their paperwork and their payments a couple of weeks ago. Now, did you need anything else? Did we forget anything, Ms. Sherwood?"

Natalie's voice was warm and inviting. "First, call me Natalie."

Sierra smiled. "Thanks, Natalie."

"Now, Sierra, I have your paperwork in front of me. In fact, I was just about to call you. Let's go ahead and discuss a few things."

The two women spoke candidly for over forty minutes, reviewing each pledge's credentials very carefully. Finally, they completed the intake discussion and the conversation began to wind down.

"Ok Sierra. I think I have all the info I need. We've already done the preliminary review, so I'll take this new information to the National Membership Board and we'll make a final decision shortly. In fact, you should hear back from us in just a matter of days. Probably just before Thanksgiving. In the meantime, go ahead and finalize your pledge program with your Dean of Pledges. That way, when I call you with the approvals, you'll be ready to go."

"Thanks a lot, Natalie. I appreciate it."

"No problem, Sierra. Oh, by the way: Now that we have the updated paperwork and we're looking it over, you should go on and schedule the pre-pledge dinner. It should take place in the next week or so."

Sierra snapped her fingers. "I almost forgot about that! Thanks for reminding me."

"Yes. While we're doing the final review of the documents you've sent, the pre-pledge dinner will give you one last chance to formally evaluate the girls before they make it on line. But make it very casual. Give them a chance to get comfortable, then look at how they interact with you and with each other. And as far as the setup? You know how it works: just the four candidates, then you, your chapter Vice President and the chapter Dean of Pledges. And you know it has to be off-campus and not in the House."

Sierra smiled at the thought of working with Lina. They'd been so distant lately and she desperately wanted to reconnect with her best friend. "Thank you so much, Natalie. I'll get right on it. Anyway, you've been a big help. And if you need anything else, please just call."

"Great. I have your number here on your paperwork. 555-555-8069?

"Yep. That's it."

"Ok, Sierra. Thanks again. It was a pleasure talking to you. Talk to you soon."

Sierra hung up and smiled. The day was turning out to be great as everything was coming along nicely. "Now," she said, "I need to start planning for the first day of pledging."

She picked up the phone again and dialed quickly.

A soft, feminine voice answered. "Hello?"

"Hey, Candace. It's Sierra. Listen, can you and Brandi come up to my room in about thirty minutes? I want to get started on the pledge program. Since you're our secretary and Brandi does the budget, I'll need you both. And we also need Tamryn. And, of course, we need Lina too. As Dean of Pledges, her input is the most important."

"Ok, Sierra, but Lina's gone."

Sierra paused. "Gone?"

"Yeah. She just came down to my room and dropped off her pledge accessory list, her pledge calendar and her pledge activity list. She'd written them by hand, so she wanted me to type them up, put them on letterhead and give them to you when I was done." 

"Oh." Sierra frowned. Lina didn't say anything about being done with her pledge paperwork. Nor had Lina asked her input on the pledging process. As Natalie just said, it was customary for the President and the Dean of Pledges to be closely involved in how the pledges were initiated. 

Sierra's head began to throb. To ease the pain, she gently rubbed her forehead. "How long ago did she leave those documents for you?"

"About half an hour ago. I'm almost done with them."

"Well, where did she go?"

"I'm not sure. She just said she needed some time alone. Want me to call her?"

"No," Sierra sighed. "I'll call her myself. In the meantime, finish typing up those lists and get them to me ASAP."

"Will do."

"And we'll just all meet later after I've reviewed her work, ok?"

"Sure. Fine." 

"Oh, Candace? Natalie from our National Office just gave us the ok to schedule the pre-pledge dinner. So make it for next Thursday and let the four girls know. Also let Lina and Tamryn know. And go ahead and make reservations at the same restaurant as last year, ok? And please let them know that we want the royal treatment, ok?" 

"Consider it done."

"Ok, Candace. Thanks. Talk to you later."

As Sierra hung up the phone, she realized that she hadn't really talked to Lina in a couple of weeks. "Actually, I've barely even seen her at all," Sierra said. "I've been wanting to talk to her. Has she been avoiding me?"

Sierra sat back in her chair. "All I have to do," she said, "is just tell her how I feel. That I've loved her since freshman year. That I'm in love with her now. That she means the world to me and I'll do anything to keep her in my life. And that I don't want anyone else but her. Hopefully that'll solve everything." 

Then she looked around and noticed the picture of the two of them that sat on her bookshelf. They had their arms around each other and both had smiles as bright as Sierra had ever seen. 

Then she sighed. "But since she hasn't spoken to me at all about the pledge process, not even once, it's obvious that she's been avoiding me. And I can't do anything until she wants to talk."

Sierra sighed as she grabbed her pen and pad. "Well, in the meantime, as far as the sorority, I think I'm on my own for now. I guess I better make my own notes on this year's pledging process."

As she began to write, she glanced at her fingernails. 

Shit. 

Her perfect, fresh new manicure was ruined. Then she looked down. Thick streaks of pink nail polish speckled her beautiful, cream-colored carpet.

Sierra sighed as she shook her head. So much for a great day.

~~~

"Alrighty then. Now that I've got the camera all set up, please look directly into the lens, then state your name and your relationship to the Sorority."

The beautiful and curvy dark-complexioned woman sat back on her couch, crossed her legs and smiled brightly into the camera.

"Hi There! My name is Daria Chapman and I'm the vice-president of the Beta Tau Chapter. Beta Tau is the Metro Virginia Beach Alumni chapter of Rho Sigma Tau Sorority."

Angela, standing on Daria's expensive Oriental rug, took a step back and carefully adjusted her lens to capture a clearer shot of the mocha beauty. "Thanks, Daria. Now, what do you do for a living?"

"I'm a United States Senator, representing the great state of Virginia." 

"How long have you served in the U.S. Senate?"

Daria adjusted the jacket on her stylish, soft-pink business suit. "I'm in my second term," she beamed.

"Fantastic," Angela said. "How do you like your position?"

"I love it! It's an honor to serve the citizens of the state of Virginia. I've always been a big proponent of helping people and I'm glad to have the opportunity to do so much for others on such a large scale."

"Wonderful. Now let me ask: what does Rho Sigma Tau mean to you?"

Daria took a breath and gently smoothed her midnight-black hair, carefully styled into an elegant French roll. 

"Rho Sigma Tau is my life," Daria said with a warm smile. "I pledged twenty years ago, when I was just a young college student." 

Daria paused to remove her handkerchief from her jacket pocked. She dabbed at the corners of her eyes and then took a deep breath. "I was so lost," she sighed. "Thank goodness I had such warm and loving Sorors to help guide me on my journey to womanhood." 

Angela smiled and nodded. She could definitely relate.

Daria leaned forward. "Want me to reveal a secret for your documentary?"

Angela raised her eyebrow. "Yeah, please."

"I really didn't even know I was a lesbian until I got involved with the sorority."

Angela gasped. "'Really? That's interesting. My experience has been that most girls already know who they are and what they like way before they get involved with the organization."

"I know," Daria said. "All of my line sisters were already out and proud by the time they began to pledge."

"So what's your story?" Angela asked as she adjusted the microphone.

"Well," Daria began, "I had an inkling that I was gay back when I was a little girl, but my parents were pretty strict. Once, when I was nine, my mother caught me putting my dolls in a compromising position." She shook her head. "Can you imagine what kind of trouble that caused?"

"No. I can't." 

"Anyway, after that, I was always taught that I was 'supposed' to get married to a nice, young man and have a family." 

"So what happened?"

"Two words: Alexis Hightower."

Angela thought for a minute. "Yeah. I have an interview scheduled with her in a few days. She's one of the other alumni members, right?"

"Yes," Daria laughed. "And she's a wildcat, for sure. We first met when we both attended a Rho Sigma Tau Interest Tea. She sat next to me and I was smitten the first time I saw her." 

Daria was silent for a moment. "She was the one I had my first time with. She's the one who 'broke me in,' so to speak. After our first time together, which happened three weeks later, just before we went on-line, no less, I was hooked and there was no turning back."

Angela's pussy began to tingle at the thought of what must have been some heated lovemaking. "Tell me more," she said.

At Angela's voice, Daria looked up. Then she eyed Angela's body up and down.

Angela wore a light silk tank top and a pair of insanely tight, denim shorts. Daria studied the expanse of soft, buttermilk skin on Angela's sexy arms and legs 

"I'd rather show you," Daria said, scooting forward on the couch. "Come here."

Angela's eyes widened. However, she looked at Daria's generous breasts and noticed that her thick, rigid nipples began to show through her silk blouse. Angela slowly unbuttoned her shorts as she sauntered over to Daria. Once she stood at Daria's feet, she shrugged them all the way down and kicked them off.

Daria, still seated on her couch, reached forward and stroked Angela's warm skin. She traced random designs on the heated flesh. "So soft," Daria whispered, as she spread her legs and beckoned Angela closer. "So, so soft."

Angela's entire body tingled at Daria's touch. "Mmmm," Angela moaned as she stepped right in between Daria's legs. 

Daria reached behind Angela and cupped her tight, firm ass. She squeezed Angela's cheeks, then rubbed and stroked the silky flesh. "You're so beautiful, Angela," she said as she pressed her face to Angela's stomach and inhaled the girl's intimate scent. 

Angela stripped off her tank top and, sans bra, she stood there with her firm, rounded breasts proudly sitting high on her chest. The creamy flesh was topped with hard, brown nipples that begged for a measure of oral attention.

Then Daria reached for Angela's panties. She hooked her fingers on the waistband. "Please?" Daria asked as she looked up. "I want it so bad."

Angela nodded as she closed her eyes. "Yessss."

Daria slid the pink panties down and Angela stepped out of them. Then Daria leaned forward and swiped Angela's taut stomach with her eager tongue. 

"Ohhhhh," Angela cried as delicious shivers raced through her body. "Oh, Daria! Oh my God!"

Daria's passion intensified at the sweet and salty taste of Angela's skin. She licked over and over until she needed to taste even more. "Lie down on the rug, Angela. But first, point your camera in that direction."

Angela adjusted the camera angle, then she laid on the Oriental rug, feeling the hard wooden floor beneath her. However, she wasn't about to move anywhere, but closer to Daria's tongue.

Daria quickly undressed, tossing her clothes on the floor. She slid off the couch and hovered over the natural beauty with the soft, silky skin. Then she gripped Angela's thighs and nudged her legs further apart. She inched toward Angela's throbbing core, getting as close as she could without touching her. When she was just at Angela's moist pussy, Daria inhaled deeply.

"Ohhh, Angela! I know you're going to taste wonderful, honey!"

Angela moaned and opened her legs.

"Spread your legs wider, Angela," Daria ordered.

Angela obeyed, spreading them as wide as she could, then lay there silently, shivering in anticipation.

Daria went right for Angela's mound, using her fingers to stroke the smooth, freshly-shaven skin. "Spread your lips for me, Angela."

Angela took her fingers and delicately opened herself to Daria's view.

Daria gasped at the beautiful pinkness inside, and leaned in for a closer look. As Angela became wetter, her drops of honeyed wetness glistened on her nether lips and began to run down the inside of her thighs. "So pretty," Daria moaned as she bent down. "So pretty." 

All of a sudden, Daria pointed her tongue and wiggled it deep inside.

"Ohhhhh!" Angela cried. "Oh yes!"

Daria drank deeply from Angela's exotic fountain. She licked and sucked Angela's pink clit, loving the feel of Angela's thick, ripe nectar on her lips and tongue.

Angela arched her back, desperately trying to make closer contact with Daria's wickedly talented tongue. "Oh God, please!" Angela moaned. 

Daria grunted and pressed her face even tighter against Angela's wetness. She sucked and slurped on the liquid that flowed freely from deep inside Angela's pussy. Then she pointed her tongue and thrust it in and out, as far as she could.

"Oooooh!" Angela said as she grabbed her breasts. She tweaked her nipples, loving the dual erotic sensations racing through her. "More, Daria! More!"

Angela rocked back and forth, following the carnal rhythm that Daria set. As Angela pushed forward, Daria's tongue and lips slid deeper and deeper into her wet core.

As Daria licked and sucked harder, teasing Angela's delicate clit, Angela bucked even harder. Her ass and hips bounced hard against the wood floor. 

Daria moaned and groaned into Angela's pussy. Her face was wet with the exotic juices that Angela's body couldn't help but produce. She intensified her efforts until Angela stiffened.

"I'm cumming! Daria, I'm cumming! Oh my God!" Angela put her hands on Daria's head, wrapped her fingers in her long, dark hair and pulled her even closer. Angela then closed her eyes and began to cry out. "Do it, Daria!"

Daria slid her middle finger inside Angela and pumped swiftly. "Now, baby, now!"

"Yesss!" Angela screamed as her climax hit. For several long moments, she'd descended into immense orgasmic pleasure, riding each joyous wave until she was completely spent. Eventually, her body went limp and she lay there panting.

Slowly, Angela began to breathe less and less rapidly. Finally, she lay still. Daria lifted up and lay next to her, drawing her in a tight embrace. They lay there silent for several moments, just enjoying each other's warmth.

"You're wonderful," Angela sighed. She stroked Daria's long, dark hair, now released from its elegant updo and tousled from their erotic passions. 

"But, um..." Daria began as she glanced up at the camera, "make sure you keep that tape under lock and key."

"I will, Madame Senator," Angela giggled. "In fact, I'll make sure you get the only copy!"

"Thank you, honey," Daria whispered as she snuggled into Angela's neck. "I need to see you more often. Compared to all the complex hearings and meetings I've had in the past few days, pleasing you has definitely been the easiest thing I've done all week!" 

~~~

"Why is this so hard?"

Lina sat at one of the heavy wooden tables on the fourth floor of the undergraduate library. Needing to review her chemistry notes, but not wanting to run into Sierra and not wanting to explain her recent reticence to the other Sisters, she'd been hiding out in the library for the past few weeks.

She stared at her notebook with the list of complex chemical equations and the instructions on how to balance them. However, none of it was registering. Normally, she had Monica, the resident chemistry major, to help her, but Monica was at the Sorority House and the House was the last place she wanted to be. 

"I can't concentrate," Lina sighed as she set her elbows on the table. "And it's all Sierra's fault." She closed her notebook and put her head in her hands. 

"I want her so bad," she whispered. "But I'm going to New York in May after graduation. And she's staying here in Virginia for law school next year. Plus, she's never said a word about us getting together."

Lina jerked her head up. "She sure hasn't. Not in the four years we've known each other has she ever said anything about us getting together!" Lina put her head back in her hands. "She doesn't even care," Lina moaned. "She doesn't give a damn."

Suddenly, Lina heard a voice behind her. "Lina?"

Lina spun around. Standing behind her was Nadia, one of the potential pledges. 

"Hi Lina. I thought that was you," Nadia said, as she shifted her bookbag from one shoulder to the other. "How've you been?" 

Lina put on a bright, but fake, smile. "Hey, Nadia. Come on. Have a seat."

Nadia set her bookbag on the floor and took the seat across from Lina. She slid her slender frame into the hard-backed wooden chair.

Lina took a closer look at the pretty girl. Nadia's buttery caramel skin looked warm and inviting. Her hair, usually worn in wild, reddish-brown ringlets, had been carefully twisted into thick, cute china balls. She wore a thin, off-the-shoulder knit jersey and tight jeans, along with her usual glittery, silver bangles. Lina noticed that Nadia's chic clothes and accessories perfectly accentuated her gorgeous frame.

"So...how have you been?" Lina asked when the girl got settled in.

"I'm fine," Nadia smiled, her pearly white teeth gleaming. "Just these classes are kicking my butt, though," she laughed.

"Now, you're a freshman, right?"

