 She asked me to meet her downtown. She said she was tired, but would be up for platonic company, so we decided we would just hang out as friends. We met at a lot outside the karaoke bar. Parking was expensive, so she suggested we move my car to the larger lot on the outskirts of town. We stole a few delicious kisses in the dark parking lot, just enough to wet my appetite for more. After that, we headed back towards the beach-front Karaoke bar. We were holding each other's hands and stroking thighs under the table, but we were trying to be pretty discreet. Two women that are having trouble keeping their hands off each other tend to attract some attention when out in public. I wasn't too far from home, and even though my husband didn't mind at all that I was with her, most of the people in town only know me as a happily married, and presumably monogamous woman.

It was starting to get late. We had planned for an early evening, so we started walking back up to the car. The parking lot was really dark. We decided to take advantage of the relative privacy and started to kiss. Unfortunately, we were interrupted almost immediately by the glaring headlights of an oncoming car. Damn that car! I had been looking forward to kissing her all night. We got into the car and began to make out. She quickly started trying to try to get inside my bra, but the divider between the front seats kept getting in the way. I was hoping we would at least get to make out for a while even though she had requested a mellow evening, so I asked her if she wanted to get in the back seat.

She started to joke about how the plan that night was that we were just going to hang out as friends. I started to tell her that that was ok with me, but she started kissing me, pulling me on top of her, not even letting me finish my sentence before letting me know that wasn't an option for us. We started making out. I took her shirt off and pulled her nipples out of her bra so I could suck on them. She has gorgeous tits, with nice large, pink nipples. I nibbled them, rubbed my face in her bosom, then brushed her hair aside so that I could scrape her neck with my teeth, biting and sucking her soft skin. 

She was wearing jeans, and they were really starting to get in the way. I told her they needed to come off. That meant her boots also had to come off, and before I knew it, she was totally naked in the back seat of my husband's car. I started to lick her pussy. She was so wet already, and tasted so fucking good. I dipped my tongue inside her, nibbled the inside of her thighs, and wrapped my lips around her clit. I wanted to be inside her. I felt around for her opening and felt my own pussy contract as I slowly entered her, her moist flesh gripping my finger. I could feel how incredibly horny she was. Her pussy was so wet and responsive to my touch. I was able to fit in a second, then a third finger. I felt her gush on my hand as an orgasm hit. The sensation was such a turn on, exciting me so much that an orgasm hit me too, making me squirt despite the fact that I was still fully clothed. 

We were just getting started. She would squirt all over my fingers, and I would get so excited that I would bury my face in her cunt and suck her clit, which would trigger her to have another orgasm. Feeling her squirt all over me was incredible. It reminded me of the times I had masturbated intensely and squirt all over my own hand, leaving myself in a puddle of my own juices. Somehow, it was as if I could feel everything I was doing to her in my own body. It was as if I was fucking my own pussy, or frantically rubbing my own clit. I was getting off on her pleasure just as powerfully as if those acts had been done directly to me. We both kept cumming and squirting repeatedly.

She got frustrated that I still had clothes on, so I took them off. My panties were already soaked, and the dress I was wearing wasn't in much better shape. We wrapped our sticky bodies around each other and kissed some more. I bit her neck, and we rubbed our drenched naked pussies together, moaning with pleasure. I straddled her soaking wet thigh and rubbed myself against her, burying my fingers deep inside her. She was so fucking horny. I had 4 fingers in her and she was still begging for more. She told me that eventually she wanted me to fist her. I don't think she realized that I was practically there already. I made my hand just a little more narrow and pushed deeply into her. She was so wet from all the squirting that I slid right in. She started moaning and I felt a heavy gush of wetness on my arm as an intense orgasm hit her. She looked so fucking beautiful, her head thrown back against the car door, mouth open, a look of ecstasy on her face, with my entire hand buried in her ravenous pussy. She started to tighten around me, her pleasure starting to turn to pain, and she started to gasp. I slowly eased out of her, leaning forward to kiss her gently.

She sat up and pushed me back so she could lick my pussy. The second she put her mouth on my clit I was cumming again. She buried her fingers in me, triggering another instant orgasm. I pushed her back against the car door with a sudden desire to bury my face in her pussy once again. She told me how much she liked it that I was comfortable licking her pussy even though she kept squirting. Honestly, it was driving me wild. I loved how wet she was, and I couldn't get enough. The squirting made everything better than I could have even imagined. We were both soaked.

I told her that I had never tried scissoring before and asked if she would be up for it. "Let's do it!" she said, enthusiastically. The car seat was surprisingly comfortable. With one foot anchored to the floor, it gave me excellent leverage. I pressed our drenched pussies together and began to fuck her hard. Our pussies were both squirting now, all over each other. It was one of the most incredible things I've ever felt. So fucking wet! Back and forth we went. Each time she came, I would feel her squirt right on my cunt, and it would trigger me to have another orgasm. I could feel how ridiculously wet the car seat was getting, but all I could do was laugh about it and carry on. There was no way I was going to stop. It felt fucking incredible! Absolutely primal! 

I lifted up her face, kissing her. I bit her neck as I fucked her, pussy to pussy. Then, I dug my teeth into her shoulder as a particularly strong orgasm washed over me. I stared deep into her eyes. Her mouth started dropping open, her head tilting back. I could see the orgasm overtaking her just by looking into her face. It was such an incredibly beautiful sight. "I don't need a lot of women." she said afterwards. " I want to be your baby girl, your slut." We shared a few tender moments, and some soft kisses. I told her she could call me her Mistress. We slowed things down for a few minutes, soft and tender, slowly building our energy and desire, despite our already impressive exertions.

We started getting rougher. "Do you want to be my slut?" I asked. 

"I do." she said. I spanked her and pulled her hair. She dug her nails into my back. I fucked her hard, grinding my cunt into hers, feeling our cum-soaked clits rubbing one another. Her head kept banging up against the car door. She was gasping for air in between thrusts, and talking dirty to me the whole time. It was passionate, almost savage, hot, dirty fucking. 

Eventually, I started to worry about her getting hurt. I had watched her head banging into the car door, orgasm after orgasm, and I had a feeling she was going to suffer for it a bit the next day. I began to slow things down to a more sensual pace, softly grinding our pussies together, placing gentle kisses on her forehead, her cheek, and her soft lips. It felt just as wonderful rubbing our now soaked bodies together at a tender pace, sensually making out. I loved the way our bodies fit together, so perfectly entangled that it felt as though we had melded into one. I wanted to experience this new gentle sensation in other areas too. I kissed my way down her torso, past her belly button, working my way to the inside of her thigh, gently licking. I teased her a little, kissing all around her beautiful pussy until she was writhing around. She looked at me hungrily and I gently wrapped my lips around her swollen clit and plunged a finger into her wanton pussy. I gently bit the inside of her thighs, bringing her to orgasm again and again. 

Neither one of us wanted to stop, but it was starting to get really late. We had been fucking for hours, both of us cumming repeatedly the entire time. We must have had at least 50 orgasms between the two of us, probably more. It was impossible to count.

The next day I had to drive my husband's car because it was too wet to let the kids ride in the back seat. He enjoyed teasing me mercilessly, joking that he should have gone for the leather seat upgrade. After inspecting the damage for himself the next morning, and with a sentimental look on his face, he wistfully declared, "I'm never going to sell this car!" We both burst out laughing. I had always been a bit self-conscious about how much I squirt, but after that incredible night, I'm going to look at it more like a super power. It was one of the most incredible sexual experiences of my entire life.