 AUTHOR'S NOTE: The previous chapters in this series are about an incestuous coupling. I think the readers who liked those chapters will enjoy this, but there's no explicit incestuous content. For those readers who chose this story for the lesbian content, you are advised that it has references to the incest, but no explicit description.

***

Jeremy's been working a lot of late shifts since school started up last month. Even though no one except us knows that he's the baby's father, he hasn't shirked responsibility. Mostly that means that he takes me to my doctor appointments when his schedule permits, but he also buys some things I need that are way beyond what you'd expect a brother to buy for his sister. Anyway, those things cost him money, which means he needed extra hours, and those hours mean that we haven't gotten to do much more than say good morning on the way out the door in recent weeks. The next week wasn't looking much better.

Before I got pregnant, I exercised two or three times a week. My obstetrician said it's more than just okay to keep it up; she actively encourages it. The activity fees at my college include use of the gym, so I've been going after class since the start of classes. The shower room at the gym is mainly designed for the benefit of the women's softball team. They have partitions that come up high enough that you can see an average woman's face, a tall woman's entire bust or a short woman's eyes. (As you may have guessed, we don't have a basketball team.) On me, it comes up just above the chin. I was taking a shower after my workout yesterday when I recognized the woman coming in. Gina was in a study group with me during my freshman year. She was always hitting on me, even though I'd made it clear I was only attracted to guys. I turned around to avoid making eye contact. The way I turned, the water rushed directly over my pussy. The sensation reminded me that my pussy hadn't gotten any attention except my own in weeks. I thought about Jeremy and how this all started with a couple weeks of us teasing each other. Part of that was a bunch of pictures that my friend Taylor took for me. I remembered that the last picture was us in a nude kiss. I had made a note as she clicked to take the picture that her breasts and pussy felt pretty good against mine, in case I got desperate. I didn't put these words together, but I thought, "At least you know she'd be willing to give you the attention you want." I pretended I hadn't recognized her earlier and said, "Are you Gina?"

She was looking down, apparently opening a fresh bar of soap. "Yeah. Jenna?"

"Right. You were in my study group for chemistry. How're you doing?"

"Graduating this spring. You?" I forgot Gina was a year ahead of me.

"I'm student teaching next fall and I graduate in May after that. I remember you were always coming onto me."

Gina looked embarrassed. "Yeah, it took me till my freshman year to realize I'm a lesbian. Once I realized I could do what I liked, I went a little crazy. I basically acted the way I'd seen my brother act toward girls when we were in high school."

"Did it ever work?" I asked.

"Work in what way? I picked up a freshman here and there."

"Like me?"

"You mean a straight woman? I had one who was on the fence, but every woman I've been with already had at least an inkling that she liked women." Gina scoffed at herself. "'Every woman.' All four of 'em."

"Did you ever fantasize about it?" Come on, I thought. Give me something to imagine.

"Sure," Gina answered. "I had this one friend, Sherry, whose boyfriend was an asshole. I used to imagine her coming to me all distraught." (Just to make it easy for the reader, I'll explain that Gina went back and forth with a high voice for Sherry and a low voice for herself.) "Oh, Gina, what am I gonna do?" "You'll be okay." "Hold me, Gina." "Whatever you want, Sherry." "Sherry" cried, "Oh, Gina." "Oh, Sherry." Then "Sherry" sounded aroused. "Oh, Gina ..." "Oh, Sherry ..." She had her arms wrapped around herself, acting like they were kissing. "Ohhhh, Giiii-naaaa ..." She acted like she was lifting Sherry over the partition and was lapping her cunt. I stood there mesmerized, soaping my pussy without knowing what I was doing. Gina stopped talking and asked, "Is that what you had in mind?"

There was no point in denying it. "Yeah, kinda." She was looking rather smug. "So, um, would you like to expand your horizons? I'd like to expand mine." Asking the first made it easier for me to say the last part.

"Expand them how?" Gina asked. "Just 'cause I haven't seduced a straight woman doesn't mean I haven't been with one."

"Come over here, and you'll find out," I said.

Gina turned the water off in her stall. She brought her soap with her. When I opened the door to mine, she looked down and said, "Oh, so that's what you meant."

"What did you think I meant?"

She laughed. "I don't know, but for a split second I thought maybe I was going to see one of those chicks with dicks."

"Sorry to disappoint. Is this new ground?" I asked.

"It sure is," she answered.

"What are you waiting for?" I moved to the side to give her room. When she was inside, I closed the door and lathered up her tits and her stomach and gave her the soap. She rubbed my belly and soaped my pussy. I took the soap back to do her tits. I pulled her to me and kissed her on the lips. When we broke the kiss, she did my tits. Then she turned me to the side and aimed the shower head. She rinsed me from my tits to my legs, but she stopped to pay extra attention to my pussy.

"Did you like it?" she asked.

I answered by kissing her again. This time she opened her mouth. I did the same, and our tongues met. "It's nice, but it's not really what I want," I told her. I rinsed her off, but she wasn't really interested in having it linger on her pussy. I stood on my tiptoes and put my hands around her waist.

"What do you want?" Gina asked.

I told her about the pictures, concluding, "Just for fun, we did one picture where we held each other close and kissed."

"You did that," she noted.

"But I liked the way our tits felt against each other. Our pussies too." I pointed to my belly. "And that's not gonna happen with this in the way."

"You're not that big," she said.

"Big enough," I lamented. "The only way this'll work is if we go someplace where we don't have to stand."

Gina got a sparkle in her eye. "Lucky for you, I live on campus, and I've got a private room. Get dressed!"

I turned the water off. We'd hung our clothes on opposite ends of the wall. I toweled off, but instead of putting clothes on, I noticed when Gina was dry. I came up behind her and put my arms around her. I reached down to stroke her pussy. "My hormones are kicking in," I told her.

"Put your clothes on before your hormones get us expelled," Gina said.

We both got dressed, and I followed her to her dorm room. As soon as she closed the door, I put my arms around her, pulled her head down a little and kissed her again. "Here's your chance to make up for how you acted when you were in the study group," I told her.

She pushed me away. "Would you really want someone to have sex with you just because you made them feel obliged?" Then she listened to her own words. "Wait, that's why I stopped dating guys. But my point is the same."

"Are you saying no?" I asked. Damn, pregnancy must have really ruined my body if women who liked diddling other women were trying to talk me out of it.

"I'm saying that's not a good way to ask for it. I'm happy to do this, not just for you, but for myself. You're right, this is a new horizon for me." She pointed to her bed. "Sit with me." We both sat down and took our shoes and socks off. She turned me to the side and lifted my legs until they were over her lap. She started rubbing my heels. "I don't know what else is going on in your life, but I figure if you're having a baby while you're in college, you're probably dealing with some stress."

"I'm doing okay," I told her, "but it's a lot to deal with. This feels good." She moved up to my calves. I let my legs back down and leaned toward her. She did the same, and we kissed again. I put my hand under her shirt and found her spine. I ran my fingers up until I found her bra. I didn't try to unhook it; I just wanted to know where I was. Gina pulled me closer and did the same to me. The difference is, when she got to my bra, I broke away and took my shirt off. She did the same. I got on her lap because of the height difference, and we kissed more deeply. I unbuckled her bra, and Gina shrugged it forward. We each pulled one strap off, revealing the same breasts I'd desired earlier. They're not as big as mine, even before I got pregnant, but they were a nice size, and they were firm. I leaned forward and let Gina do the same to me.

When my bra was off, Gina held me to her, and I felt one of her nipples against the top of my breast. The bottom of her other breast was right over mine. "Is that what you wanted?" she asked.

"For starters," I said. I got off her lap and lay down between her and the wall. Gina got on top of me. I sensed she was a little uncomfortable with my belly between us, but she didn't let on. She lined herself up just right. I put my arms around her again, and this time when we kissed, I could feel both my nipples pressing into her flesh. I could feel one of hers doing the same to me. We moved up and down, making sure we felt each other's nipples all over, and then she stopped. She moved down and started sucking on my left tit. "Come back here," I said. She moved up, and I went madly back and forth between her tits. "So this is what it's like!" I said.

"Being a lesbian?"

"Being a guy." I had my hands on her back, and I started acting the way I usually do when Jeremy and I are fooling around. I moved my hands over her hips to her butt. Gina lifted her hips and unbuckled her jeans. I slipped my hand inside and started rubbing her butt.

"Go ahead," she said. "I know you want to." I pulled my hand back and slipped it inside her panties, feeling her butt directly. She looked at me like I wasn't done. I slipped further down until I found her pussy and tried to play with it, but her jeans were too tight. She got off me and took her jeans off. "What's your next move?" she asked.

"Getting the same treatment," I said. I undid my shorts and tossed them on the floor. Gina lay next to me. She rubbed my tits and then caressed my belly. She slipped her hand under my panties and slowly rubbed my clit. "Oh, yeah," I sighed. "I can do that myself, but it's so much better when someone else does it!"

"I'll bet it's the same with this," Gina said. She slipped her index finger between my pussy lips. She barely got it inside, but she wiggled it up and down, grazing my clit with her thumb when she was near the top.

"It sure is," I said. As much as I liked it, I wanted to try it on her. I put my palm over her pussy and just rubbed it in circles.

"Is that how you like it?" Gina asked.

"Sometimes," I answered. She took her finger out and did the same thing with her palm. "Oh, yesss," I said. She kept doing that, but she put her middle finger down, and now each time she ran her palm over the whole area, her finger separated my lips. After a few strokes, she had her finger inside me. "That's awesome," I told her. "You're stimulating the same spots I like to touch when I do it myself." The next time, she burrowed deeper, which made me fold my legs up. "Damn, I've never had a guy reach that spot!"

"It's the same old story. When you've got the same equipment, you know how to operate someone else's."

"Lemme do it for you," I said. Gina didn't argue. She lay back, and I put my palm over her pussy. I lowered my middle finger like she'd done. Maybe I just hadn't noticed my own body's response, but after a few minutes of doing what she'd done, my finger was covered in moisture.

"What do you want to do next?" Gina asked.

"Well, I really want to get on top of you, but that might be uncomfortable for both of us, so why don't you get on me?" She did. Our tits were barely touching, but we'd already done that, so I didn't mind. She did lean down and kiss my neck. I put my hands on her butt and pushed. I felt her pussy rubbing against mine. "That's what I wanted," I told her. Gina wiggled her hips up and down, back and forth, stimulating me in ways that it had never experienced before, not by my hand, not by fucking, and certainly not by a guy claiming to pleasure me. "Oh, yes, fuck me!" I moaned. Of course, she couldn't literally fuck me, but I could feel the edges of her pussy lips cross mine and sometimes rubbing over my clit, and it was amazing. "Let me try," I said.

Gina rolled off, and I got on top of her. I had to support myself on my elbows, but because of all the intimate friction we'd already shared, it didn't take me much effort to do the same thing for her that she'd done. "Speaking of wishing I were a guy," Gina said.

"You wish I could fuck you?"

"No, I was just noticing your breasts. I can't explain it, but there's something distinctive about pregnancy boobs, and seeing it while you're on top of me is hot as fuck. I don't really wish I were a guy any more than you do, but someday I'd like to have a pregnant wife so I can look at boobs like this." She paused. "So, did you marry him? Engaged? Deadbeat?"

I'd finished that particular act, so I leaned against the wall. I probably wouldn't see her again, but I couldn't take the chance that she'd repeat the truth if I told her. "You were talking about your wild phase? Well, I went to this party and fucked a guy without even getting his name. According to my o.b., that was five and a half months ago." I hated lying, even to someone I didn't like all that much a couple hours earlier. "But I don't wanna talk about that. When spring classes start in January, some couple's gonna have the baby they always wanted."

I looked down and realized there was one thing I still hadn't done. Gina guessed what I was thinking. "You don't have to if you don't want to, but if you do, there's no turning back."

"What's that mean?" I asked.

Gina explained, "There are women who refuse to admit that they're not 100% heterosexual, so even though they've done all the same things you and I just did, they claim they've never had sex with a woman, but once you eat pussy, there's no splitting hairs any more. You've had sex with a woman."

I playfully pushed her onto her back and dove in. "See if I care," I told her. I got between her legs the way I've seen guys do and licked a circle around her clit. I zigzagged my tongue over her cunt lips.

"Is that how you like it?" she asked.

"No one's ever done that particular move on me," I said. "One of my girlfriends told me her guy had done it, and I always thought it would feel good."

"Next time a guy goes down on you, tell him!"

"I will, I will! But now, back to business." I separated her cunt lips and said, "Look at that. I'm splitting hairs after all!" I licked the lowest part of her pussy. Her lips were still separated, so I had no problem licking a line from bottom to top between them. I was ready to probe her inner sanctum with my tongue, but first I moved around so she could do the same to me. My lips were still close together, so when I put my tongue inside Gina's pussy, she ran hers along the ridge.

"It's so exciting having your belly in view while I'm eating you," she said. "Too bad the daddy's not around to enjoy this!" I shrugged my shoulders, and Gina noticed it. "Wait, so someone else has enjoyed the view?"

I didn't want to talk about it, but I lied again. "I just meant, I'll keep that in mind the next time I find a guy who wants to eat me while I'm pregnant. Can we just eat each other, please?"

"You got it, Chief," she said. We both held each other's hips really close so we could go deep into each other's pussies. Her tongue wasn't as long as Jeremy's, but she knew what to do with it. I guess I was a good student, because I was treated to a nice serving of her love juices just as I delivered the same to her. When I'd finished coming, I moved off of her. She sat up, and I joined her. I kissed her again, tasting my juices on her tongue. "Well, how was your first time? Do I get my bonus?"

"Huh?"

"Sorry. There's a long-running joke that gays and lesbians get a toaster or something every time they recruit someone. Are you coming over?"

"Not for good," I said. "But now I understand why guys like girls. Tits and pussies really are fun! But it's like pancakes and waffles. If you really like pancakes, waffles are nice, but they're just not the same."

Gina got up and wrote her number on a Post-It note. "Next time you feel like something different, call me."

"Hey, maybe sometime-"

"No," she said.

"What?"

"No, I won't join you for a threesome. And I won't let your boyfriend watch." She stopped and waited. "You didn't throw it away," she noted.

"Why would I?" I asked. "It's nice to know where the nearest Waffle House is."

I was too sleepy to wait up for Jeremy that night, but the next night I told him, "I traded my red 'B' for pin stripes yesterday."

"What are you talking about?"

"I played for the other team." I told him about my afternoon with Gina. I just told him we were friends; I didn't tell him about the unwelcome advances. I definitely got the cock I'd been craving, but our parents were asleep, so it was muted. The next day, he told me they'd cut his hours back. I didn't pry, but I had a feeling he asked them to. I'm glad either way. I still wish I hadn't gotten pregnant, but going through it together feels a lot better than going solo.