 I am just another twenty something girl living her life in Portsmouth. Life here is probably typical of most places its always who you hang with that matters. I have lots of friends and am usually busy most nights hanging at the pub with my mates, enjoying a glass or two just passing the time as best as we can. On those nights when I stay at home I tend to end up getting to know myself a bit more. I have to admit that even on nights coming in late from the pub I tend to take some time with myself too. The night table next to my bed holds many of my 'other ' friends, friends I've come to know real well.

I should admit that I am a bit of an exhibitionist in that I frequently post photos of myself, naked to the Internet. I enjoy knowing that guys and even some girls out there are thinking about me in that way. In one of those photos I am naked with my legs spread and my smooth shaved pussy is entertaining one of my dearest friends, my purple vibrator. If you look closely you can see how wet I am as I plunge that vibrating cock into my own puss. 

When I entertain my night table friends I think of various sex partners and lately I've been thinking about women almost as often as I think about guys. In those moments I imagine my purple vibrator is in her hands as I stare up at her tits bouncing above me. I dream about reaching up and touching her there, maybe even tasting her swollen erect nipples as she moves that vibrator faster, bringing me the relief I seek. I'm not sure I could ever do that, but on those nights when I conjure her up I cum hard.

I went to the pub last night looking to see if any of my mates were there and the place was almost empty. As I sat and ordered a glass I looked about and saw mostly older guys and their wives, none of my friends were there. I decided to take my time with my drink and see if any of my friends made it and if not? Well there was the night table and I knew those friends would be there.

I'd polished off maybe half of my brew when someone asked if she could join me. I looked up at a woman with long blonde hair holding two glasses.

"I thought you could use another and some conversation."

She said as she smiled down at me.

"Sure, I was just hoping some of my friends might come in but I'd love some company. Please sit. Thanks for the drink, my names Polly."

"Call me Jolie! I'm new to the area and was getting tired of fending off the married guys here. I figured if I joined you I'd get some relief."

"There all harmless but you are a pretty girl and its gets them thinking, you know?"

"Thanks for the 'pretty girl' comment and I know the guys are just being guys but all the same I'd rather not have to pretend to be so nice, I just wanted to relax and enjoy a drink or two. I confess you looked very interesting sitting here. A pretty young girl sitting all alone I guess I figured you'd been stood up and might enjoy some company."

So my evening took a different path and I must admit I enjoyed talking with Jolie. I also enjoyed wondering what she looked like naked but hadn't the guts to push my fantasy. Instead we talked about everything else. I learned where she worked, that she was single, that she came from London a few months before. I told her I was single that I lived alone and that this was my home pub and that I was usually among a bunch of mates, but that tonight none of them had showed.

We laughed at silly jokes and told each other stories about our lives. In the short time we were talking I felt as though I'd known Jolie her whole life, felt very comfortable with her and it seemed she was too. We'd each had another, my treat and were just about done when Jolie said.

"I know we just met, but I'm getting tired of the chairs here and I've got some great wine at home, would you like to pop up and share it with me? We can watch the tube or listen to music and I might even have some grub I can fix up to nosh on. Interested?"

Stunned by her offer, as I was just about to make the same offer I nodded and said.

"I'd love to. Let's finish up and go."

She downed the remaining third of her glass and seeing her do that I did as well, chugging the bottom half of mine then setting off with her. As we went to cross the street she grabbed my hand as we ran across avoiding traffic then giggling when we made it to the sidewalk. When she dropped my hand I felt it and wished she hadn't. I was also busy trying to convince myself to push this and see my fantasy through but at the same time I was afraid to scare her away. She led me through the main door then dashed up the steps with me behind. As we trudged up the stairs to her third floor flat I could not help but notice her well muscled legs as then pushed her trim body a few steps ahead of me.

At her door I stood behind her inhaling her musky scent as she worked the keys to open the door. She pushed it open and then dramatically bowed me into her place. It was a lot like mine, a simple one bedroom, I thought with a small living area, a tiny kitchen and what I guessed was a bedroom and bath. Telling me to sit on her couch she went to the kitchen and dug out her wine and a couple of glasses, hollering back at me.

"Turn on the telly or the music whatever you prefer while I get us something to snack on."

I decided on music and powered up her stereo finding she had it set to a station that played some soft quiet tunes. I figured we'd be talking a lot and so I left that station on to provide a nice quiet background. When Jolie returned with the wine and snacks she put it all on the table in front of the couch then plopped down next to me.

"I hope you like red, its good. Here try this."

Handing me a glass or red wine I sipped it then said.

"This is good, and yes I love red wine."

Once again we fell into easy conversation as we sipped our wine and nibbled on the cheese and crackers she's set out. At one point we both found a particular story she's told so funny we collapsed in one another's arms laughing hysterically. As my own laughter died down I gave her a quick hug then pulled back. Jolie looked into my eyes at that moment and tightened her embrace pulling her face close to mine.

"I'm sorry if this is wrong but."

She planted her lips on mine and startled I froze. She stopped quickly and stammered.

"Sorry mate, I shouldn't have done that. Please forgive me."

I stared at Jolie for a moment then reached for her and said.

"No, don't apologize for anything except maybe stopping so soon.'

I put my lips to hers afraid of what I was doing only knowing that her kiss was wonderful and I wanted more. I had not committed to anything but the kiss, I was still not sure about living out this fantasy but as her tongue danced with mine I felt my whole body relax and melt into hers. I could feel her heart beating against me as we lingered over that kiss. When we finally came up for air, I instinctively put my lips to her neck and nuzzled her just below her ear, then took her earlobe in my mouth and sucked it lightly. Releasing the lobe I slid my tongue around her ear, outlining it before blowing lightly into her ear then breathlessly saying.

"I like how you feel in my arms, Jolie."

Nodding into my shoulder Jolie slipped her hands down my back and placed them on my ass. Pulling my body up and into her as she once again locked her soft pink lips on mine. I was getting dizzy and my body was churning inside as I fought my fears and tried to just enjoy everything. Jolie's lips left mine and worked their way down over my chin and onto my neck, kissing and nipping at my tender flesh as her hand kneaded my ass. I was losing more and more control as her tongue slid down my chest and the teeth nipped at the tops of my breast. As if they had a mind of their own my hands went to Jolie's ass and squeezed and kneaded her ass through the material of her skirt. When my hands slid up under the back of her skirt and my fingers met her warm flesh it was like an electric shock danced up my arms and I arched my back as Jolie placed her mouth over my left tit and sucked it through my cotton blouse. 

All pretenses ended for me and I feverishly pulled and tugged first at Jolie's skirt then at her blouse wanting her naked. Unclasping her bra I watched as her tits spilled out before my eyes, her nipples erect and pointing at me as I lowered my mouth and sucked first one then the other. Jolie had been as industrious as I was and soon the two of had shed all our clothes and were locked together on the couch seeking secrets from one another's body. Jolie lifted her mouth from my tit and said.

"Come to my bed Polly, I need you."

She took my hand and we walked together into her room then onto her bed. We kissed each other and let our hands gently roam as we did. I cupped her tit with my hand and rolled her nipple back and forth feeling the hardness of it as I did. I slipped my leg between hers and pushed my thigh up into her wet pussy and she slowly began riding my thigh. Soft moans escaped the two of us as we both explored trying to learn what we liked and what our partner liked. I gathered up my courage and slowly kissed my way down Jolie's sculpted body hurrying in my course, giving scant attention to her tits as I was too scared to stop, wanting to taste her, wanting to slip my tongue into her wet box. I knew if I lingered I stood a chance of changing my mind so I kissed my way down but did not linger.

As I neared the junction of her legs she opened them, revealing her jewel to me slowly. I stopped and watched as her labia opened giving me a glimpse of her cunt. I looked at the moisture gathered already on her pussy and stuck my tongue out, gently touching her labia. As her taste entered my senses I became a bit more active, licking all around her wet hole, playing with her clit as it engorged and swelled under my touch. Positioning myself between her legs I ate her. I was not at all bothered and truly enjoyed the taste of her pussy, my tongue at times pushing as deep as it could into her at other times caressing her labia before taking her erect clit between my lips and sucking it deep into my mouth. Hearing Jolie groan as I did these things to her turned me on and I felt my own orgasm mounting inside me as her pussy began to rock under my mouth.

I was in my own world, loving the taste of Jolie as she squirmed under me and worked herself around so my wet pussy was in front of her face. When she attacked me with her mouth and tongue I erupted immediately and screamed my pleasure into her pulsing cunt. Together we came as out mouths clamped down on one another's pussy. I could not stop eating her and as my orgasm grew in intensity I felt her fingers probing my ass, spreading my cheeks to the side and circling my backdoor. I tensed a bit, not having ever played their myself and felt her finger move to my wet pussy and plunge inside me then pulling out and trailing her nail she brought that now wet finger up the crack of my ass. When she got to my asshole I felt the pressure as she gently pushed that wet digit into my ass. When she used that finger to fuck my ass I could no longer resist the impulses coursing through me and I erupted again. When she slid another finger home in my ass I reciprocated first delving my fingers into her dripping pussy then plunging first one then the other into her ass.

We must have been a sight to see, two naked writhing women with their faces glued to each other's pussies fingers fucking each other in the ass and groaning and moaning. I loved it. Finally we both tired and after scooting up and laying face to face we gently kissed one another as our bodies calmed. I looked into Jolie's eyes and said.

"This is something I've thought a lot about doing but never did, until now. Thank you, I liked it a whole lot more then I thought I would. I love your body. Can we do this again, I have so much to learn."

"Polly you never have to ever leave this bed. I have only done this once or twice before but never have I ever enjoyed cuming like this."

We hugged and I spent the night, the first of many, I hoped. Later that night I was awakened by Jolie's hard tongue caressing my cunt. I yelped as she sucked my clit onto her mouth then nipped at it with her teeth. As I struggled to shake the sleep from my head as my arms groped for some part of Jolie's wonderful body, I needed and wanted to touch her. She had been leaning over my spread legs and her own pussy was close enough for me to reach out and slip my hand on it. I used only my index finger and lightly caressed her labia, circling her opening and teasing her clit. I felt how wet she was easily coating my finger. Soon her hips started to hump my hand and I let that finger slide into her wet box. 

I knew I had unleashed her passion as her tongue and mouth devoured my own wet hot pussy, her tongue jabbing into me, fucking me, her hands grasping my ass pulling my cunt into her face. I wanted to taste her sweet nectar and using my implanted finger I pulled her ass closer to my face. She groaned into my hole as I forced my head between her thighs and planted a kiss on her labia before taking it and sucking it into my mouth. Soon my tongue was licking up her juices and parroting her moves on my pussy. I could have stayed there all night but her deft mouth and tongue ripped my orgasm loose and rocking my hips into her face I could not help but fuck her tongue as it continued to spear me. When she slid her tongue back and used it to penetrate my ass, I felt a sensation I had never known and my orgasm leapt to a new level. My legs could not be still and my hips were bucking now as wave after wave of pleasure coursed thru me. I licked and sucked like a mad women trying to consume her hot wet hole as I rode my pleasure.

My own pleasure continued when Jolie came and she babbled nonsense words into my cunt as her own hips rocked into my wet face. We stayed that way gently licking the essences of one another as we enjoyed the sensations of our fuck then Jolie slid back around to me putting her face close to mine. I could see the sheen around her lips from my excretions and knew that my face looked the same. We then spent some time cleaning one another's faces and I recognized the taste of my own pussy as I licked her face.

"I'm not sure I can get enough of you Jolie. I'm exhausted from our fuck but I still want more of you. I have spent many nights alone in my apartment, fingering my little cunt and thinking of a woman but never could I have imagined how blissful this has been."

"Polly shut up and spoon me, cup my tit and ass with your body. Then in a little while when we've rested a bit we can find out more about what we like."

I nestled in behind Jolie, wrapping my arms over her lithe taut body settling one hand on her tit enjoying her hard nipple and putting the other hand atop the mound guarding her pussy. Gently I caressed her tits and nuzzled her neck as we slept.

When I awoke the next morning I was alone in bed and I feared that last night was just another of my erotic dreams but when I recognized that it wasn't my bed I relaxed back into my soft pillow and let the memories of the night seduce me. A few minutes later Jolie re entered the room naked save for the device she'd fixed to her waist.

"I want to fuck you Polly."

She said as she knelt on the bed between my already spread legs, then pushed her hips toward my face and said.

"Suck my cock, Polly."

Opening my mouth in surprise Jolie slid the large plastic cock into my mouth and began to saw in and out. The fake cock felt like a real one, the texture similar to cocks I had had in the past. I found myself obeying her and I sucked and licked her cock expecting it to erupt and fill my mouth with hot white cum but knowing that reality would not happen.

"Use your hands, Polly, play with your cunt for me! Get it ready for my cock, sweet Polly."

Again I easily obeyed Jolie, fingering my wet pussy for her never considering the embarrassment of masturbating for her, only feeling my body turning on once again to her.

"Are you ready for my cock, Polly?"

I nodded as I sucked her cock and she slid it out and lowered it to my cunt.

"Fuck me Jolie! Please fuck me!"

I was begging her to use her cock in my hot cunt and it surprised me that I was so needy. She slowly let her fat cock enter me, stretching my cunt open. I gasped as it filled my hole so completely and I tried to adjust to the feeling of being stretched open so wide. As she started to fuck me I found the ability to accommodate her cock and began to enjoy the sensations her cock was unleashing in me. 

"Shit, Jolie fuck me, please fuck me hard."

Jolie was very obedient and she began to increase the speed and power of her thrusts, ramming her cock into me while her hand busily pulled and twisted my rock hard nipples. My chest was heaving as I arched my back trying to push my tit into her hot mouth and my legs wrapped around her pulling her into me as deep as I could. 

"Oh Jolie I'm cuming baby don't stop now please."

But Jolie pulled her cock from my cunt and I swore at her begged her.

"Get on your hands and knees Polly, I want to finish you from behind."

I scrambled into position all the while pleading with her to let me cum, to fuck me and other gibberish. When she reentered my hot wet pussy it was like heaven and I pushed back into her as she thrust forward letting her fat hard cock crash into the walls of my pussy. I came and came as she fucked me and as I was enjoying my orgasm she leaned over and whispered into my ear.

'Relax now Polly, I'm going to take your ass now."

"No I stammered, not there, please no it will hurt too much."

"Just relax little Polly, I'll be nice."

I felt my ass burning as the tip of her cock sought out and pushed into my tiny asshole. 

"No, please no."

I begged but Jolie continued to apply pressure and I felt my bum hole ripping as she inched her cock in my ass. Suddenly her cock seemed to leap forward and a shock of pain filled my ass and then faded as her cock slid all the way into me. It was still very uncomfortable but my screams were muffled as Jolie had pushed my face into a pillow. My hands gripped the sheets as her cock started to back slowly out and then reverse plowing back in. The pain faded completely now and I just lay there as Jolie fucked my ass. My hands loosened on the sheets and Jolie hand reached under my to finger my cunt.

"My, my, Polly your so wet. Is my Polly enjoying getting her virgin ass fucked?

Unable to speak I lifted my head from the pillow and nodded. Her cock was rhythmically pounding in and out of me and her fingers were assailing my cunt. I was in the midst of another orgasm and could not tell if it was in my ass or in my cunt but it didn't matter as it exploded and rocked me to the core. Gasping for breath as Jolie pulled out of my ass and wrapped me in her arms, kissing me and whispering in my ear.

"Good Polly. You made me happy Polly. Now just rest in my arms and I will take care of you my sweet Polly."

I melted in her arms and let my head nestle in her neck as she caressed my back. My ass ached but my pussy throbbed as my orgasm receded. I felt very comfortable in Jolie's arms, protected and loved. Later as we ate a bit of breakfast she told me she was very pleased with me and asked how I felt. 

"I feel very safe with you Jolie. My ass is sore, but the orgasm I had was fantastic. Thank you for taking me there."

"Polly I'd like to do more with you, but I will tell you now that I like being in charge. Does that bother you?"

"I don't think so, Jolie. I've never given it any thought you know. All I can say is I've never had so many orgasms in so short a time, all of them near earth shattering. I'd like to learn more from you Jolie, if you'll let me!"

"Be my lover and my slut Polly."
