 Susan was swimming alone in the pool as I walked into the hotel pool area. It was after 2am and I was a little surprised that anyone was there at all. She looked up at me and smiled as she continued her backstroke laps. Susan was about 18, I thought, with a very athletic body. She wore a red one-piece suit with high thigh-cut which clung tightly to her body. Her long blonde hair was wrapped in a tight ponytail. 

"You're a good swimmer" I said, attempting to start some conversation as I took off my robe and began to step into the warm pool. 

She stopped swimming and stood up in the shallow end near me. "Thanks" she said as the water dripped from her tight body. "I like it here late since I can't seem to sleep too well lately. My parents are snoring away in our room upstairs."

"Yeah, I know what that's like," I answered. "Sometimes you just need to let off some energy." 

I noticed her checking out my body as I walked down the steps into the pool. I loved getting reactions to my blue bikini, from both women and men. It shows my ample cleavage and nice 30 year old body very well. I felt my nipples harden under her look, even though I was getting very warm. I noticed Susan's small but firm tits under her thin suit also had some tiny buds showing through. 

"Miss your boyfriend?" I asked. Susan looked at me a little funny, but answered "No, we broke up a while ago. He's a jerk. I found out he was cheating on me."

"That's rough," I said, moving closer to her. "Sometimes I think men just aren't worth it." She nodded, and I continued "You know, we can do all that they can do just by ourselves, we don't really need them." 

Susan giggled, "Well, SOME things we can't do like they can, if you know what I mean." 

I smiled, "Oh yeah? I think all we need is a little imagination and some basic tools, and we can do better." 

Susan nervously laughed, but I could tell she was intrigued. She watched me as I laid back and began backstroking, slowly kicking across the pool. She watched me all the way, I'm sure noticing my breasts floating nicely on the water constrained by my tight suit, as my long legs worked effortlessly. Susan walked into waist-deep water, and laid back against the pool edge, kicking gently. 

After I made another lap, I stood up again. "Damn, this strap broke again" I lied as I slipped my arm out of one side. "I've got to get a new one." Susan watched as I removed the other strap, as my large but firm breasts bounded out, nipples long and stiff in the air. I was looking at the clasp as if it were broken. 

"Oh well, it's just us girls anyway" I said as I turned the top around and unbuttoned the snap, gently lifting my tits to do it. "You don't mind, do you?" 

I glanced up to see Susan staring at my hardened nipples as I held my bikini top to the side. "Umm, no, not at all" she managed to stutter as she looked away quickly. 

I smiled and squatted down in the water. Susan finally looked back at me. I turned away from her slightly as I slid my bikini bottom over my ass and down my legs, and quickly stood up in the shallow end. I tossed it to the side, still facing away from her. My ass was slightly out of the water, so I was sure she got a good look at it. 

"I love to skinny dip anyway, if feels so free" I said as I turned back to Susan. "Did you ever try it?" 

I caught Susan's eyes checking my neatly trimmed blonde hair at my crotch. Her eyes slowly raised over my breasts, then to my own eyes. I looked directly into her brown eyes, and she quickly looked away, embarrassed that I had caught her admiring my nude body. 

She looked hesitant, but then, as if deciding that she was too curious as to what I would do next, answered. "Yeah, my girlfriend and I used to do it all the time in her backyard pool at night." Then she quickly added "Skinny dip, I mean." She glanced at my breasts again, as she made up her mind. "OK, I could use some freedom." 

She turned her back to me, and began to lift the straps from her shoulders, slowly peeling it off her slim, but shapely body for me. She looked over her shoulder at me as she stripped, a slight smile on her face. I felt that twinge between my legs as she lowered the tight suit down, stretching it past her nice firm butt, and bent down to pick it up from the pool bottom. As she bent over, she slowly turned toward me, her small tits hanging under her, pink nipples hardened. 

The biggest rush I felt though, was when she slowly stood and turned to toss the suit to the side, and I saw her almost hairless pussy. I could see her pink lips starting to show through the few strands of blonde hair. Her nice thighs were slightly parted as she stood there, so that they converged at her nearly-bald crotch. This was one hot looking girl. Her waist was tiny, making her chest look bigger than it really was. She had a perfect hourglass figure for a girl her age. 

I could tell that she was interested in me, I had seen those looks before. Some girls will clam up right away and need more gentle prodding, but Susan was ready for some woman-and-girl experimentation. I decided to be bolder. We both walked into waist deep water, and I stretched out on my back on the water, floating toward her. She came a little closer, until I was next to her, my body across the water in front of her. I looked up into her dark eyes as they roamed my body, taking extra time looking at my pussy. I kicked slowly, spreading my legs slightly to give her a good view of my own puffy lips. 

As I floated closer, my side brushed her stomach as she stood, and I felt the electric jolt of desire flow through both of us. She jumped back slightly, but then, getting bolder, moved back towards me slowly. I just gazed into her eyes, trying to let her know that I was open to whatever she wanted. Susan hesitatingly reached out to touch me, placing her hand on my flat stomach just below my heaving breasts. Her eyes were looking them over, noticing the hardened nipples. Her eyes rose to meet mine, looking for the next OK. 

"Go ahead, feel them" I said, and she began to caress my tits, gently at first, making my nipples harden even more under her touch. She was enraptured with my body, as she now began pinching softly my nipples. "Ohh, that feels good, Susan," I said. "I like your touch."

"I like the feel of your body," she said. "You're so beautiful and soft. You must have lots of boyfriends."

"Well," I said, "I suppose I could, but right now I'd rather be with you." Susan smiled and continued stroking me. She put one hand under the small of my back, holding me in the water, as the other ran up and down my body. She ran her hand down to my mound, stopping at the hairline. I was covered in goose bumps from the excitement of her touch. "Go ahead, touch me" I encouraged her. 

"Tell me what to do," she whispered. I could tell that she was eager to learn. Her breathing was rapid as her little tits heaved on her chest, her eyes wandering over my body. 

"When you and your girlfriend skinny dipped, did you ever touch each other?" I asked, hoping to bring up some emotions. 

"Well," she answered slowly, "we were only about 11 or 12, we really didn't know what to do." 

I kept prodding as she continued stroking me "did you kiss?"

"Yeah, sometimes." Susan answered, "We pretended we were the other's boyfriend. We would touch each other, but neither of us had much in the way of breasts, although I liked to play with Jane's, she had little nubs before I did."

"How about her pussy?," I asked. "Did you like to touch hers?" 

Susan looked longingly at mine. "We would both get pretty wet when we played with each other" she was opening up now. "We kind of rubbed each other's slit, but I don't think we ever really gave each other a real orgasm or anything." 

I really wanted to take her now, but I decided to let her do the exploring for now. It felt too good to have this virgin girl experiment on me. 

"Just do to me what you think you'd like done to you" I said. 

Susan's hand went down to my pussy, her finger slipping into my moist slit gently. She felt for my clit, and I shivered as she found it immediately, stiffened, waiting for her touch. This girl really knew her way around a chick's body. I'm sure she must have played with herself often to know just where to touch me. I closed my eyes and let her pleasure me, sliding her finger up and down my moistening slit, her palm touching my clit just enough to tease me. Then she slipped her finger into my hole, and I let myself go limp in the water, weightless in her hands. 

She entered me slowly, as she brought me closer to her chest, her tits right next to my face. I flicked out my tongue to her nipples, letting it slide over her small mounds. Susan shivered as she moaned, continuing to stroke my cunt. She pulled me closer to her, giving me easier access to her chest as I continued sucking her bite sized tits into my mouth. She found my clit, which was stiff from excitement about fucking this little girl. She began to stroke it with her fingers, letting it slide between them. As she finger fucked me, I could tell that she was getting too excited to stand for long, holding me up in the water. 

"Let's move to the side of the pool" I said as I let her tit slide out of my mouth, even though I didn't want her to stop playing with my clit. 

She gently let me down and I stood in front of her. Taking her head in my hands, I lowered my mouth to hers, sending an electric shock through both of us as our lips touched. I slipped my tongue against her lips, and she opened her mouth, allowing me to enter her mouth with my tongue. She hungrily sucked it, as she grasped my hard ass with her fingers. I moved my hands down to her heaving chest, palming her little titties and stroking the hard nipples between my fingers. She pulled me closer to her, our blond mounds pressing together underwater. I stopped to take a breath. 

"Come on, sit up on the edge of the pool" I said, leading her to the edge. 

I grasped her waist and quickly lifted her onto the side of the pool, her hips about even with my chest. She put her hands on my tits, kneading the heavy mellons in her palms as she watched me. My hands were still on her waist, but now I moved them lower to her thighs. They were very muscular for a young girl, and commented on how lovely they were. I stroked the outside of her legs, waiting for her to open them for me, not wanting to push too hard. Susan leaned forward, her beautiful face touching mine for a kiss. Her eyes focused on mine as she slowly spread her legs, scooching forward on the pool side slightly. I looked down to her bald pussy, the pink lips swollen from her excitement. Her slit was wet from her own juices, and I could smell the young lust from her sweet cunt.

------------------------------ Part 2 ------------------------------

Slowly, I leaned forward to kiss the tops of her thighs, working my way between her legs. I lifted one up and kissed the inside of her knee, working slowly up with my lips as I placed the leg on my shoulder. I touched the other leg, and she immediately placed that one up on my other shoulder as she leaned her head back, waiting for the inevitable. 

I continued slowly kissing up her leg, stopping at her crotch as I kissed her smooth belly. I could feel just the hint of pubic hair on my chin as I slowly worked lower, feeling the wetness of her slit on my chin. I touched her pussy lips with my open mouth, and Susan shivered noticeably, a soft moan escaping from her young lips. She opened her legs even more. I let my tongue slip out, gently licking her soaking slit from the top down, then up again slowly. I could feel her young clit stiffen as I passed over it with my soft tongue. She slowly began to gyrate her hips, pushing her cunt gently into my flickering tongue. 

Then I placed my mouth over her pussy, my top lip on her clit, as I slowly explored around her hole with my tongue. The juices were flowing quickly, and I swallowed, enjoying the youngster's taste. I gently pushed my tongue into her entrance, and she grabbed my head, pulling herself closer to me. I slipped it into her as far as I could, as my hands wandered up her body to her heaving breasts. I pulled and fondled her hard, stiff nipples, as I continued working my tongue in and out of her gushing pussy. 

She was beginning to twitch, lifting her hips off the edge a little, then pulling my head into her wetness. I gently slipped my middle finger into her slit, letting her juices lubricate it well. Slowly, I began pushing it into her flowing cunt, slipping it all the way in as I continued to tongue her clit. She was tight, but took it easily, moaning softly as I moved it in and out of her hot pussy. Her moans became louder, and I started sucking harder on her stiffness, my mouth covering her snatch. I knew what was happening now, as I felt the buildup of her clit as her cunt exploded it's nectar into my face, She pulled me even tighter, as she moaned louder and louder, bucking her hips wildly as I tried to keep my finger inside her, my tongue on her spasming clit. 

It was a long orgasm, followed by several smaller tingles as she came down from each one slowly. I backed out my finger, kissing gently at her slit, and licking slowly out to her thighs. My face was soaking wet from her come, and she was looking at me hungrily. 

"Oh my god, I've never felt one like that before!" she said, eyes wide. 

"That was a lot more than one, my dear" I said, realizing that she had never experienced multiple orgasms before. "Now you know what a woman can do with a woman." 

She slipped back into the pool, taking me in her arms, pressing her body to mine as she kissed me deeply. She took my tongue into her mouth, sucking her own juices off it, seeming to enjoy every drop. We kissed like that for a while, stroking each other's bodies as our hands wandered over them. I was about to come myself just from her touches, but I knew I needed to wait. I wanted her to enjoy the feeling of bringing me off herself. 

She grasped my big tits, kneading them gently in her hands. Slowly, she kissed my chest, trailing her tongue down my cleavage, as she squeezed them together. She slowly kissed my breast, all around the nipple as it hardened again under her touch. Then, she opened her mouth and took my tit into it, sucking and licking it at the same time. It felt wonderful to have this girl making love to my tits. She flicked her tongue over the nipple, gently biting down with her lips and teeth. She worked over one, then the other, as I enjoyed her mouth on my tits. 

"Let's get out of the water" I whispered, not really wanting her to stop. 

I led her up the stairs, and we laid next to each other on some exercise mats. I laid on my back, and Susan gently began to kiss me again, leaning over me as we sucked tongues together. She again began kissing lower, going back to work on my tits, nipples hard as I ever remember. She was kneeling up now by my side, and I slowly began to spread my legs apart, hoping she'd pick up on the hint. Susan slid her leg between mine as she continued sucking and licking my breasts, and as I moved my other leg over, knelt between my legs, her knees together. I stroked her hair as she kissed my tits, gently guiding, but not pushing her lower. She didn't resist, but kissed gently lower to my flat stomach, licking at my belly button. It felt wonderfully erotic as her velvet tongue kissed my body, and I took my own breast in my hand, kneading it as she kissed lower. 

Finally, she reached my mound, and kissed at my pubic hair. I arched my back a little, giving her easy access to my wet slit. I felt a twinge through my body as her lips touched my pussy lips, now swollen with lust, slightly spread for her. Her tongue slipped into the slit, and she began licking and kissing my pussy lips, her tongue working deeper into my cunt. This girl was a natural cunt-eater, I thought. She was touching all the right places. I bent my knees up, pulling her face closer to my crotch as she lapped at my flowing cunt. Her hands ran up to my breasts, and she kneaded them both, fondling me as she continued sucking my juices, bringing me nearer and nearer. I thrust my hips up, her tongue meeting me with each thrust. I squeezed her hands onto my tits harder, guiding her as she caressed my breasts, flicking the nipples gently with her fingers. Her tongue slipped into my hole, and she drove it in and out, stopping to lick at my erect clit as she entered and exited the flowing cunt. She was fucking me expertly with her thick tongue, my thrusts meeting hers. 

She continued kneading my tits as she licked, and I began to buck my hips, the start of a huge orgasm building in my body. Suddenly, it hit. I slammed my cunt into her lapping tongue, spilling my juices over her face as she eagerly drank, still squeezing my tits together as she held her tongue on my spasming clit. 

"Yes, oh yes Susan" I screamed as I felt I would literally explode. 

When each wave hit, I threw my head back, humping my gushing cunt into her face. Slowly, it subsided, and Susan let her tongue relax, as she slowly kissed her way back up my body, gently touching me everywhere with her lips. I pulled her face toward mine, hers now wet with my cum. We kissed deeply as I sucked my own juices off her tongue, tasting the stickiness of my pussy. We laid there, embracing for a while, as we stroked each other's bodies, her head on my heavy chest. 

"Thank you" she whispered, as she reached up to kiss me. "I loved doing that to you." 

After a few minutes, we decided that we'd better get back to our rooms. 

"What do you do?" she asked me as I pulled my robe over my nude body. 

"I'm a photographer" I said. "And I'd like you to model for me, if you would." Susan was impressed. 

"What kind of photography?" she asked. "Oh, mostly free-lance" I answered, "But I really enjoy nude and erotic photography."

"I'll bet you do," she laughed. "Do you use yourself as a subject?"

"Actually, yes," I said. "I have a little remote control that I've used quite a bit. I'll show you some of my work later, if you want." 

We made a date for the next evening, and she slipped her suit back on, sliding her beautiful body into it, now proudly exhibiting herself as she pulled the tight suit over her tits. 

------------------------------

I heard a soft knock on the door. 

"It's Susan" said a low voice. 

I opened the door to find her, blond hair cascading beautifully over her shoulders. She wore skin-tight jeans, and a buttoned white blouse. Her lacy bra was visible through the thin fabric. Her makeup was done well, her beautiful brown eyes accented perfectly. I too was wearing jeans, and a t-shirt. I had no bra or underwear underneath, and I felt my nipples harden just looking at Susan's tight firm ass as she walked into my room. 

My room was a mini-studio, with different backgrounds spread against one wall, the camera and lighting equipment everywhere. I offered her a drink, and we sat at the table as she began looking through my portfolio. I showed her some jeans ads that I had done, as well as some food shots. 

"This is really good" she said, as she looked through the book. "But where's the other stuff you told me about?"

I smiled, and pulled another book from a shelf. "You mean the erotic book?" I smiled. "You have to be over eighteen to see these, you know" I kidded. 

"Well, I won't tell anyone, I guess." 

I sat close to her as she opened the book. There were pictures of women partially nude, some with lingerie, and some Playboy-type poses, fully nude. 

"These women are all beautiful," she said. "Did you make love to them all?"

"I wish!" I laughed. "No, only a few are open to explore like we are," I said as I stroked her long blonde hair.

Susan pressed on, though. "Tell me which ones," she insisted, as she continued flipping through the pages, admiring some of the beautiful bodies. 
