 Just two things-1: Yes, this story is kind of long but very sexual. 2: A HUGE thank you to my boyfriend! He edited, gave me ideas, and answered questions. Unfortunately he doesn't have an account but he deserves credit. Other than that, thanks for reading! 

*

Andi Jefferson grinned as she looked out into the crowd. She was currently on the stage of her sold out concert entertaining thousands of screaming fans. Andi had been singing since she was three but the last few years have been her call to fame. She started out touring with big pop stars to get her name out there but this year she wasn't the rookie. This was the first tour of her career where she was the headlining act-and she couldn't be happier. She was also having a lot of fun hanging out with her opening act, Stella Lopez. She was just starting out but had true potential. As the last song of the evening ended, Andi refocused her attention to the audience. She smiled wide and yelled "goodnight Los Angeles! Thank you all for coming!" Then after a minute or two of bowing and waving, she went backstage to meet up with Stella while the band took care of the stage. Normally she liked to help but lately she had been eager to see Stella. Andi tried telling herself it was because they were becoming fast friends but somewhere in her heart she knew it was because of hidden romantic feelings. When she caught sight of the Latin beauty, she swallowed the lump in her throat. "Hey Stella, great job tonight!"

"Hey thanks-you too! I can't wait to someday be where you are."

Andi laughed. "Don't worry, your time will come. But for right now let's head back to the dressing room-my throat is dying of thirst."

With that the girls headed back to their joint dressing room for some much needed relaxation. The arena's manager tried fighting for them to have separate rooms but Andi didn't really care. She wasn't the diva that most pop stars were. Once in the room, Andi grabbed a water bottle, kicked her heels off, and plopped onto the couch. Stella did the same, dramatically sighing as she laid her head on Andi's shoulder. 

"Is that really necessary?"

"I'm Latin-we wear our hearts on our sleeves."

The girls laughed but Andi couldn't stop the butterflies from swarming her stomach. For most of her life, she had suspected she was a lesbian. No guys ever caught her eye and now these thoughts about Stella were only strengthening those suspicions. Andi had even thought about telling her about these feelings but didn't want to risk making things awkward this early in the tour. However, her internal monologue was cut short by Stella poking her in the stomach. Andi flinched causing her to almost spill her water. "Why the poking?"

"Wanted your attention. I've always wondered...is Andi your real name? I mean I love it but most moms don't come up with that."

Andi laughed at the question. She had been asked this multiple times growing up so it was nothing new. "It's actually short for Cassandra. When my mom found out she was having a girl, she picked out, in her opinion, the prettiest girl name she could find. And don't get me wrong it suits some people but I never felt like it was right for me. Plus Cassandra is too long for a record deal."

Stella laughed at the crack at the music industry. They were always wanting to change something about the artist-even if it was the name. "Oh ok...I guess that makes sense...Andi does suit you but I can see why your mom picked Cassandra. The name is almost as beautiful as you."

Andi's heart lurched at that last comment. Sure, it wasn't uncommon for girls to give each other compliments but the sultry seduction of Stella's voice had Andi's palms sweating and a strange tingling to course over her body. But before she could process all this new information, a knock came to the door. To flustered to speak, she let Stella answer. Behind the door was Jack, their agent. "Sorry to bother you ladies but we have some gifts out here from the fans. Would you like to open them? They've been inspected for safety."

Stella's face lit up like a child's face in a candy store. "Oh I love presents! Bring them in!"

Andi laughed until she saw how many were wheeled in. There had to be at least ten gifts there. Once Jack got them all laid out, she bid the girls goodnight and left the room. Andi spoke first. "Wow...I wasn't expecting so many..."

"Well what do you expect? You're popular."

"Hey some of those could be for you."

"Eh whatever-let's just open them!"

They both started grabbing packages and ripping them open like it was Christmas morning. After a few minutes, they had burned through all of them. In Stella's collection she had perfume, candles, jewelry, and a scarf someone had handmade. Over on Andi's side, she had jewelry, clothes, cards, CD's of people wanting to be discovered, and a hand made scarf similar to Stella's. After looking, she sat back against the couch and looked over at Stella. "Looks like we did pretty well tonight."

"Yeah...I think I chose the right profession."

"I think so too-what's that?"

Looking over at the gift table, Andi noticed they had missed a gift. It wasn't wrapped fancy or overly big but it somehow had peaked her interest. Grabbing it, she showed it to Stella who instructed Andi to open it. "Got your name on it."

With bubbling excitement, Andi peeled away the tape, opened the box, jumped in shock at the object. It was pink, thick, semi long, smooth and curved at the end. As soon as Stella saw it, she started bursting out laughing. "Oh my gosh-I can't believe someone sent you a vibrator!"

"They sent me a what!?...why on Earth would they send me that?"

Stella, still laughing, picked it up to get a better look. "Probably some teenage fantasy...but whoever got this went all out. I've seen these online and they're not cheap."

Andi was still trying to process the gesture. She'd gotten some interesting gifts over her lifetime but never anything sexual. She wasn't by any means a nun but she also wasn't open like Stella was. Which is probably this next question made her face turn into a tomato.

"So are you going to use it?"

"U-use it? B-but I-I don't even know if it's safe...o-or who sent it..."

"Andi, relax. It's a vibrator, not a bomb. Second, most of these gifts are anonymous...but if it makes you feel better I'll read the note they left...'Dear Andi, I've been a huge fan since you started. Always listening to you whenever I got the chance and cheering when you hit it big. So it was no surprise that when I saw this I thought of you. I've noticed that in the last few shows you've done, your microphone has been pink. Hence, the pink color of this toy. I found it at a local Adult store and decided on a whim to send it to you-batteries included. Love, your number one fan-Jake.'"

Andi sat there speechless while Stella spoke again. "Alright, so that's a little bit creepy but he had good intentions...what I'd recommend is forget how you got it and just enjoy it. Waste not want not."

Andi hated that Cheshire cat grin Stella was sporting but the thought of using it did get the blood flowing. Truth be told, Andi has never really masturbated. She's tried a few times using erotic stories but nothing ever seemed to turn her on and she refused to watch porn. She mostly used it as a relaxation tool before a really important meeting instead of just mindless pleasure. But something was holding her back from telling Stella all this. She had a feeling it would embarrass her more than she already was. Stella then piped up. "You alright there? You look kind of pale."

"Y-yeah I'm fine. Just a little shocked I guess..."

"You look more confused...you have used a vibrator before, right?"

One of the downfalls of Andi's personality-she couldn't lie. But that didn't stop her from trying. With a shaky voice, she replied "O-of c-course I've used o-one..."

Stella smirked. "I call bullshit. I can tell when you're lying Andi...why didn't you say something?"

"Because...because I didn't want you to think I was some naïve prude or something..."

Stella laughed and put her arm around the frightened pop star. "I may tease you from time to time but I never insult you. Everyone's different so who am I to judge if you've never had one...but it does seem like a shame to let this beautiful toy go to waste..."

"Y-you don't want it?"

"No I'm good...I have a couple with me that keep me satisfied. Besides, this guy clearly picked it out with you in mind. Who knows, maybe you'll love it...vibrators really aren't bad once you get the hang of them."

It was 'getting the hang of them' that scared Andi. She has never had sex before so the thought of putting something that big inside sounded painful. Plus, she wouldn't really know what to do. Needing to know, she asked "H-how long do you think this is?"

"Probably about six inches-oh no honey you're a virgin aren't you?"

At this point Andi's face was so read she thought it would explode at any minute. All she wanted to do was bolt under a rock and hide from this situation but there was no getting away at this point. "H-h-how d-did you c-come up with t-that?"

"Just by watching you. First your reaction when you first saw it, then listening to your questions...I kind of understand your fear now-want to have your cherry popped by a guy?"

It would be so easy to just say yes. To say yes to that question then head to bed. But, something deep inside her felt like it was trying to claw it's way out...if she was truly a lesbian, then a man would never deflower her. She also knew that she should tell Stella this. It would be someone to talk to. "A-actually, I don't think a guy will ever take my virginity...I-I think I'm gay..."

For the first time that night Stella's eyes turned into dinner plates. "Gay? Wow...I honestly had no idea..."

Andi nodded. "Neither did I really until recently...all my thoughts just started making sense when I admitted it to myself...oh God! That is probably way too much information! I'm sorry...I understand if you are bothered by it..."

Stella's shocked expression melted into a smile as she chuckled. "Bothered? Hell no! Shocked yes but I could care less if you're lesbian...actually, I am too."

"What? You are? Wow...what are the odds..."

"I know right! Which makes this considerably less awkward to say now...I could give you some tips on how to use it if you want...The first time I popped my cherry it hurt like a bitch but the vibration really helped a lot."

Andi tried to control herself but the thought of Stella bringing herself to orgasm was very quickly turning her on. "Wait, you'd be teaching me how to use it?

"If you want...to be completely honest I find you extremely attractive and I kind of have a crush on you..."

It was if Stella was reading Andi's mind. Trying not to get too carried away, she replied "really? You like me? I can't believe it...I feel the same way towards you..."

Stella's eyes grew dark at this comment and before Andi could react, Stella had her arms around her neck and they were locked in a passionate kiss. At first, Andi didn't know what to do but she eventually let herself give into the sensations. Her eyes drifted shut and she kissed back just as hard. Stella seemed to come alive once Andi responded because her hands were everywhere. One was running through Andi's long brown hair and the other was lightly stroking her chest. It was Andi's moan that caused Stella to move away. Panting for air, she grinned. "You kiss like a natural-I didn't want to let go...and anymore of it and I won't be able to stop..."

Andi was nervous but desire was slowly taking over that fear. "That was incredible...and I may not know much about this kind of stuff but I do know I don't want this to end. Would you be my first and show me how to use this pink toy?"

Stella's body began trembling with anticipation. "Are you sure?"

"Yes."

Stella grinned wider than she had all night and began planting kisses all over Andi's face and neck. Andi was becoming more aroused by the minute and moaning as Stella's lips found sensitive spots. But after only a minute of this, Stella grew naughty and started stripping off her new partner's dress. The dress was gone in a matter of seconds leaving the pop star in a red bra and matching panties. She was shy at first having Stella see her this exposed but the Latin seductress was whimpering at the sight. "Oh Andi you are so beautiful...you're making me so hot for you but I'll take it slow."

Remembering that this was Andi's first time, Stella went back to her lips, giving her a kiss. This time she held Andi close, the two women sighing from the feeling of their bodies mashed together. When Stella slipped her tongue into the kiss, it was instinct for Andi to melt into the kiss and fight for dominance. But just as she was winning, Stella moved away from the kiss and began slowly trailing her tongue down Andi's neck, teasing her by sucking on spots that were making the woman squirm with desire. When she finally reached her bra, she quickly took it off and threw it across the room before poking her tongue out and flicking a nipple. A shot of pleasure coursed through Andi's body and landed in her pussy making her even wetter. "Oh Stella...don't stop..." 

Stella chuckled and began sucking on the nipples, making them tight. Andi grabbed Stella's head to hold her in place while she moaned even louder. It felt so good she never wanted it to end but the longer it went on the hornier she became. After a few minutes she was sure she was going to burst. "Please, can we try the vibrator now?"

Stella moved her lips away from the swollen breast and chuckled. Leaning up, she whispered in Andi's ear with a husky voice "oh not yet...I'm nowhere near done with you yet..."

Andi shuddered from the voice then flinched at what happened next. Stella had peeled Andi's panties off and began slowly rubbing her outer pussy lips. "Wow...you're so wet...you must really want it."

Not trusting her voice to speak, the woman just nodded and leaned back giving her partner full access. For the next couple minutes, Stella just stroked Andi's dripping pussy lips, constantly teasing the virgin. Every time she stuck part of a finger inside the tortured cunt, Andi would try to fuck it and it would be removed. At this point, the rubbing was driving her insane. Andi was shaking, moaning, and whimpering but no matter how much she begged, Stella just used her sexy voice to say it wasn't time yet. To make matters worse, she had her other hand pinching Andi's tight nipples making her head swim with desire. Finally, Andi couldn't take anymore. "Stella please! Do something..."

Not stopping her motions, the vixen replied "What do you want me to do?"

"You know what..."

"Say it."

"I can't..."

Without any warning, a finger was shoved into Andi's pussy causing the girl to scream and throw her head back. It was complete torture to feel it rub up against the walls of her cunt that so desperately needed to cum. Stella gazed into Andi's and her voice was low. "Say it or I'll keep teasing you all night...and I know how badly you need to cum..."

That little phrase caused something to snap within Andi. Losing herself to the desire, she yelled "Please just fuck me! Stella I need it...please, fuck me..."

Stella grinned, removed her hand, and grabbed the vibrator. "That's all I needed to know...now just a heads up-this is probably going to hurt at first but the pain will subside after a few minutes. I'll be as gentle as possible but once the cherry pops it'll be a pleasure unlike anything you've ever experienced...are you ready?"

Realizing it was now or never, Andi nodded and spread her legs apart. Stella then took the vibrator and carefully inched it into Andi's pussy. After part of it was in, it met some resistance and Andi winced. The more that entered, the more the pressure increased until she wasn't sure if it would go in. The pain was beginning to become not worth it when she felt something, for lack of a better word, pop. A rush of fluid gathered around the toy and the pressure evaporated. The pain was still slightly there but a lot less. "Did it happen?"

Stella was smiling and looked proud. "Yes, it happened. Congrats Andi! You're no longer a virgin."

Andi grinned and let herself relish in the feeling of something so deep inside her. This was it, something she had fantasized about for a while now. For a minute Stella was still letting the pain pass but now it was gone. "Hey Stella, you can move it now..."

The woman nodded and began slowly pulling it out and pumping it back in. Ever time it came back, it hit all the right spots and Andi began groaning and grinding her hips with the pace. "Yes...oh God yes!"

Taking that reaction as a good sign, Stella picked up the speed and added a low vibration. As it came back this time, the vibration rubbed against her clit. Andi screamed and began bucking her hips even more. "Harder! Faster! Oooooh yes please don't stop!"

Stella was having a hard time controlling herself. Andi's head was thrown back, hair splayed against the couch, c cup breasts rising and falling with each quick breath, and her hips pumping against the vibrator which was, at this point, slamming against her g-spot. Just from this sight alone Stella's pussy was demanding attention but there was no way she could leave Andi like this. Who from the looks of things, was getting close.

"Stella...Oh God I'm close...ah!"

Stella didn't say anything but turned up the vibration and picked up the pace with the fucking. That did the trick and with one more loud scream, Andi tensed up then melted as she came, her juices covering Stella's hand. Andi took a couple minutes to gain her breath back but when it did she spoke up. "That's what a true orgasm feels like?"

"Yeah...that is being fucked."

"I loved it! Oh my gosh Stella I don't know what to say...at first I was really shy but I think you woke up my inner nympho...thank you-it was incredible."

"It was my pleasure...you looked really sexy thrashing around like that..."

This made Andi sit up and when she did, she caught the look on Stella's face. Pure desperation. Then she looked down and noticed a good sized wet spot on the front of her jeans. "Looks like someone needs their turn."

"You have no idea how horny I am right now...you wouldn't mind...?"

Andi laughed, grabbed the vibrator, cleaned it off with a towel nearby, then turned to Stella. "I don't mind at all. I mean it's the least I can do...but we're going to have to get rid of those clothes."

Andi made quick work of Stella's shirt and pants leaving her in a sheer black bra and a black thong. It took Andi's breath away. "Wow...you're gorgeous!" 

"Thank you Andi...now are you going to undress me with your eyes or actually undress me? Fucking you made me kind of desperate..."

Andi chuckled and stripped off the bra, making sure to rub the already tight nipples in the process. It felt heavenly to be actually touching her. "Why should I rush...you seemed pretty content on teasing me..."

Stella gasped as Andi twisted her nipple again. "Please Andi, don't make me wait...I teased you to make sure you would be ready but I've been horny all day..."

"All day?"

"I don't like to masturbate before shows because the extra sex drive helps my performance..."

"Oh ok...so I suppose I should be nice and let you come..."

While Andi said that, she slipped off Stella's panties giving her access to the very, very wet pussy. Stella was begging at this point. "Please I beg of you...fuck me!"

"Well alright. Since you asked so nicely."

With that Andi picked up the vibrator, chose the medium setting, and shoved it into Stella's cunt. Stella screamed when it rammed against her g-spot and writhed against the couch. "Yes! Oh yes right there! Oooooh!"
