 The last rays of the summer evening's sun played music through the blinds on the pale blue bed sheet as I lay in bed, waiting for Heather's arrival. Outside my window, to the west, the sun was about to surrender to the awesome majesty of Pikes Peak (I called it "Pikes Pink" on beautiful mornings). Here, in the serenity of my bedroom, I had come to learn more and more about my "Popsicle Girl," my dear, sweet Heather. The more I learned, the more I liked. 

Heather usually worked until 9:00 p.m. on Friday nights. I had already eaten dinner and she would have grabbed a bite to eat earlier in the evening. Without her, the bedroom seemed still and empty. Until I met her, boredom was never a part of my life. Without her by my side, however, I felt really alone. In a matter of just a few days, she had become an integral part of my life. When we were together, magic filled the air. We laughed and giggled. We tickled each other into giddiness. Her laugh was infectious. 

I was in the kitchen grabbing a glass of wine when I heard the door open. Wearing my favorite soft-pink, see-through, baby-doll pajamas, I greeted her with open arms when she came into the room. She looked at me and smiled. 

"My, don't we look comfy already," she said, looking me up and down.

I blushed. "I am so glad you're home, sweetie." 

She came into my opened arms and we hugged. She was wearing a pair of faded and patched dungarees and a plain white, V-cut 'T' that fit tightly across her chest. The front of the 'T' was emblazoned with the words, in black, "Some will. Some won't. I might..." She looked pretty as a picture, even in the most casual clothes.

"How was work?" I asked as we broke the embrace.

"Shitty. How was your day?"

I smiled. "Boring. But now that you're home..."

She smiled. "So I'm the panacea for boredom, huh?"

"Honey, you are the panacea for what's wrong in the entire world. You have no idea what your presence does to a room. Or to me." I ran my hand through the back of her long, red hair. "You are simply gorgeous."

Her deep blue eyes met mine. I melted, as usual. "I'm gorgeous? Sweetie, look at you in the sexy little outfit. You're not hiding very much."

I blushed again. "Well, I had planned to be in bed, under the covers, when you came home. How about a glass of wine? I was just about to pour one."

"What do you have?" she asked.

"It's new. I bought it today at the mall. It's called 'Marilyn Merlot.' The clerk said it was pretty good."

Heather giggled. "Let's give it a try."

"And a bought something else today. A CD by Beth Nielsen Chapman. I think you'll like it."

I handed her the glass of wine and we strolled to the bedroom together. I walked slightly behind her and I couldn't take my eyes off of her beautiful ass. The dungarees looked like they had been painted on. Her derriere was to die for. Round and well-formed. Exquisite. Invitingly perfect.

"I'm gonna get comfy," she said. 

"Mind if I watch?"

She giggled and looked at me with a wry smile on her face. "Only if it turns you on."

She lifted the 'T' over her head and through the mass of shimmering red hair that hung half-way down her back. She was wearing a cute, light-blue bra with a lace pattern that showed off her breasts nicely. Her breasts were slightly smaller than mine, and mine were not large by any stretch of the imagination, but hers had almost no sag. Even when she reached behind her back and unsnapped the bra, freeing her breasts from the confining cups, the tits stood out smartly, pink-tipped and oh-so-suckable. She nonchalantly tossed the bra on the bed. 

She unbuckled the wide leather belt and unbuttoned the metal snap. She had to hold her tummy in to allow her to pull the zipper down. I was right about the dungarees being too tight. Even with the zipper all the way down, she struggled to shrug them off her hips. When the top of the dungarees reached mid-thigh, she wiggled her way out of them. She was left with a pair of blue, bikini-styled panties that matched the bra she had just tossed aside. The reinforced crotch of the panties was pulled tightly enough into her sex to reveal the outline of her puffy lips.

Almost nonchalantly, she eased the panties down, sliding them off her feet. She turned toward me, holding the panties in her hand and twirling them around her index finger. Now totally naked, she was gorgeous beyond words. I had already drooled over her hairless slit on more than one occasion. Tonight was no different.

On one of the twirls of the panties, she let go and the garment headed in my direction. I caught it in mid-air, laughing gleefully. I held the silky undies in the palm of my hand. "Nice show! Is there an encore?"

Heather laughed. "I only do one show on Friday nights. You'll have to buy another ticket for tomorrow's show. Where is my white nightie?"

She turned around and opened the armoire. When she bent over slightly to retrieve her nightie, I stared at her unbelievably beautiful ass. It took all of my willpower not to jump her bones then and there, but I had a little romance planned first. I watched as Heather let the sheer white garment fall sleekly down her body. She turned and faced me again. Like my own outfit, the gossamer material left nothing to the imagination. If anything, the sweet softness of the nightie gave her more sex appeal than if she had been wearing nothing. 

"Shall we hop into bed?" she asked with a sly smile.

"Not quite yet," I said. "I have a surprise."

I turned on the CD player. The CD was already in place. I pressed the forward button to one of the most romantic songs I had ever known. The soft, mellow voice of Beth Nielsen Chapman filled the room.

'Baby, dance with me slow Let me fly with you While the band plays low Till the night is through...'

I opened my arms and Heather slinked into them. We danced, slowly, our eyes locked onto each other's. I pulled her closer until our breasts touched. I drew her right hand close to my left shoulder. We swayed to the music, barely moving. I knew in my heart of hearts it didn't get much better than this. Soon we were cheek to cheek, still flowing with music.

'The lights of the candles Look like stars around the room I'll try to be careful But I know I'm not immune 'Cause I just can't imagine How I'd ever come to harm With this feeling that I'm feeling As I'm drowning in your arms'

Her cheeks were soft as baby skin. Parting her long red hair, I gently scraped the back of her neck with my fingertips. She cooed. We were dancing slowly, but we had hardly moved an inch from where we started. 

"Oh, baby," I whispered softly into her ear. "I love you."

"And I love you, too."

'Baby, dance with me slow Till we barely move Let that crowd rock and roll While we share this groove And float like two shadows In and out and in between, Those faces around us At the edges of this dream. And it won't even matter If they stare as we go by I'm aware of only your love In this world of you and I'

We kissed, softly at first, still swaying to the sexy lyrics surrounding us. Heather's lips were nice and full and oh-so-pliable. When we kissed like this, just the two of us, the world around us seemed to disappear. Heather's tongue moved so easily into my mouth I hardly realized it was there. I pulled her tightly into me, our pubic bones grinding gently together. It was a moment I would never forget.

'Baby, dance with me slow Let me fly with you Let me fly with you...'

Yes, here I was, flying with my darling Heather. As the last strains of the music ended, I turned slightly to my left and hit the 'off' button on the stereo. I gracefully eased her to the bed. A moment later we were wrapped in each other's arms, kissing passionately. Heather's right leg draped over my hips. She dug her heel into my ass and drew me closer to her. 

"I want you so much, Beth," she whispered into the kiss.

Her body was warm and inviting. Her kisses were deep and full of wonder and excitement. When Heather made love, she gave her all. Each time we made love it seemed new and different. When she reached under the top of my baby-dolls and cupped my breast, I moaned softly. Her touch sent electric shocks throughout my body. Using just the side of her thumb, she quickly drew my nipple into full erection with a side to side movement. 

Suddenly, she pushed the baby-doll top up to my neck, broke the kiss, and moved her head between my breasts. I laid my head back on the pillow and enjoyed her exquisitely sensual touch. She licked and kissed my chest, coming close to, but never quite touching the breasts that yearned for her lips. She had a way of teasing me until I nearly died from anticipation, but I loved every sweet moment. 

When she finally pursed her lips over my aching nipple, I gasped out loud. She suckled me like a baby, drawing my entire nipple into her mouth before laving it with the flat of her tongue. She knew there was a nerve that ran from my nipple to my clit. My nipples were so sensitive, I had cum more than a few times just by having them suckled. Using only the tip of her tongue, she teased the nubbin into a pebble-like hardness. I placed my right hand behind her head and drew her face flush against my breast and almost smothered her with my tit. 

Heather had a way of making me purr like a kitten. At once exciting and sensual, it was relaxing as well. She had a way of making sex seem comfortable and nice. It seemed to make my orgasms that much more powerful. When I felt her begin a familiar trail of kisses down my body, I arched my hips to meet her. She swirled her tongue around my belly button. She nibbled on the ruffled top of the baby-doll bottoms. She softly kissed my abdomen over the gossamer material of the baby-doll bottoms. She eased my right leg to the side and kissed my pubis. I arched my body even higher, then dropped my ass quickly to the bed when one of her electric shocks gripped my loins. 

I felt her slipping the bottoms off my hips and down my legs. As she leaned down far enough to ease the garment off of my feet, she lowered her head and kissed the inside of my right knee. She had a knack of finding my erotic zones, and I had plenty of them all over my body. She always made a mental note of where they were and returned often to those areas that yielded my loudest moans. 

She slowly made her way back up my body, making a trail of kisses along the inside of my right thigh. I opened my legs wider, anticipating her next move. It didn't take her long to press her mouth against into my slit and part the puffy lips with her expert tongue. I wasn't wet, I was literally soaked, and she gathered as much of the juice on her tongue as she could.

"Baby, you taste so good," she whispered.

Her tongue was everywhere. When it wasn't circling the outer edge of my vagina, it was so deep inside me I thought she could tickle my throat. When it wasn't licking the outside of my pussy lips, it was laving my clit. She had a way of parting my slit with her tongue and licking through the open folds. I went wild, literally, when she used the tip of tongue on that small but exceedingly sensitive area between vagina and anus, teasing me like no one ever had. 

Suddenly, she pulled my legs back, giving her better access to my ass. She dove right in, her lips and tongue making sweet music over my now tingling anus. I gripped the bed sheet tightly in my hands when she drove her tongue straight into me. I screamed loudly, feeling the pure ecstasy of her indefatigable tongue. She tongue-fucked my asshole until my breathing became ragged and labored. She pulled back long enough to allow me to catch my breath, then dove back in. 

As Heather speared my ass with her tongue, I pulled her body over mine and pushed her nightie up and over her exquisite ass. She moved her knees to either side of my shoulders and dropped her sopping cunt right onto my face. She was a wet as I was, if not more. I poked my nose into the wetness as I pulled my legs as far back as I could, giving her unrestricted access to my ass and pussy. 

Heather's taste was unbelievable, like honey on my lips. She had a sweet habit of grinding her sex over my face, coating my cheeks and forehead with a copious supply of a never-ending flow of juices. While she drove her tongue in and out of my asshole, I probed her vagina with the same reckless abandon. 

When I slapped her derriere loud enough with my right hand to make a cracking sound, she pushed her whole body back into me even harder. It was the first time I even come close to spanking her. It was hardly more than playful, but her reaction told me she liked it. I slapped her again, with a little more authority. I heard her say "mmmmmm" with her mouth plastered against my asshole.

"You like?" I asked, breaking away from her sopping pussy.

I felt her nod her head between my ass cheeks. The next slap was much harder than the first two, enough to leave a slightly reddish hand-print on her alabaster ass. She squirmed in grateful appreciation. For the next few moments, I alternated between licking the entire length of the inside of her vulva and spanking her sweet ass. Every time I spanked her, she moved her hips from side to side and pressed herself harder against my face. 

When Heather moved her lips and tongue from my ass to my cunt, I gave it up. It was too much for me. I felt a familiar tingle in my loins that soon began to build to a loud crescendo within me. I wondered if there was anything more wonderful than an orgasm. Especially one given to me by Heather. Electric currents shot straight up my spine. I braced myself for what was about to happen. My whole body stiffened just before the orgasm enveloped my whole body. I bucked my hips up and down with her mouth still glued to my sex. I know I was flowing like crazy, but she never moved her face from my crotch. Heather came only moments later. 

We both came down slowly. Heather turned and slithered up next to me, nestling her head in the crook of my neck. Both of our faces were sticky with each other's cum. I kissed her cheek and tasted my own juices. We hugged for several wonderful moments.


"We better clean up a bit, woman," I finally said with a sly laugh. 

Taking my cue, she arose from the bed and walked on padded feet to the bathroom. I heard the water running for a few moments. She returned with a warm face cloth and wiped me off gently. It was such a soothing feeling on my face. She threw the face cloth on the nightstand and slid back into my arms.

"You spanked me, you stinker!" she exclaimed with a bright smile. "It still tingles."

"Sorry. I won't do it again."

"Hey! Did I say that I didn't like it?" she asked.

"Well, you called me a 'stinker.' I don't think that is the best way of saying 'I like being spanked.'"

"A proper young lady does not come right out and say she likes to be spanked," she said with a cute giggle.

I laughed. "Is it even proper to spank a proper lady?"

"If the proper lady feels it is proper," she replied.

"Hey, I think we are going in circles here. Get your buns over my lap and we'll see just how much you like it."

I propped a pillow behind my back and sat up on the bed. Red-faced, Heather climbed over me with her delectable derriere pointing skyward. If there ever was an ass that was made to be spanked, this was it. I pulled the nightie back up, exposing her bare buns. She crossed her arms on the bed and rested her head on her forearm, her eyes closed. 

I gently massaged the proffered ass cheeks. The perfect globes were firm, yet pliable enough to dig my fingers into. "Are you ready, young lady?"

"I was born ready," she giggled.

I brought my hand above her ass, palm pointing downward, and gave her a good, hard slap. The muscles were so firm, they hardly rippled. She winced slightly, but took the first blow stoically. I brought the flat of my hand down on the other cheek and she grunted. After several more spanks, her backside was turning a nice shade of pink. It gave off a sweet glow. The spanking was far greater than a few love taps, but hardly enough to be considered painful. It was somewhere between playful and painful. Whatever it was, she was taking it well. Almost too well.

"I'll stop if you want me to," I said.

"Please, don't stop," she begged.

The little stinker liked it. I built her up slowly, not wanting to turn her off to this new experience, but still desiring to show her a little about the crazy world of pain and pleasure. She took all that I could give her and hardly made a peep. Sometimes she even raised her ass up, invitingly. Pink became red. Red became slightly streaked. Still, she seemed to want more.

"I've created a monster," I said.

"What a nice tingle!" she gasped. "I never knew a spanking could be so fucking erotic!"

After a few more delightful spanks, I decided to stop. She could have taken a lot more, but I wanted to leave her wanting more. There would be plenty of other times. Wonderful times. I knew that we were now sharing a relationship only few would ever know. The warmth in my heart was overwhelming.

Yes, I had fallen in love with my Popsicle Girl...

To be continued...