 Amanda had gotten all dressed up for nothing. The blind date she had been going to meet was a no show. Dating sucked! The high heels were killing her, she had forgotten to eat lunch, and it looked like dinner was going to be McDonalds on the way home because she sure the hell did not feel like cooking now. She drove toward her apartment. 

In the distance, she saw the glowing lights of the local adult bookstore. She had never ventured into this establishment. Amanda, very in a 'fuck you mood', sped past her apartment and turned quickly into the bookstore parking lot and stared at the building. "I will just pop in and get a vibrator." Divorced, alone for the first time since high school and horny as could be, Amanda made her way to the door. 

Amanda was very aware of being stared at when she walked in. There were three or four guys wandering around inside. For a moment, the embarrassment almost made her turn around and walk out. However, the 'fuck it' attitude she had when she drove up was not entirely gone. 

The store itself was not the hole in the wall she envisioned. It was large, well lit and clean. The resemblance to a Target store however, ended there. Wall to wall there was sexually charged merchandise. One wall was covered with all sorts of vibrators. Another was something called a butt plug. Sexy clothing covers the racks. One wall she was sure was just for a joke, after nobody did stuff like that in real life. There was a video section where the pictures on the covers made Amanda blush. She leaned closer, shocked. "What in the world are they doing in that one?" she asked.

"That is a bondage scene with a women being fucked anally with a machine," said a young female voice. Blushing, unaware she had spoken aloud until then, Amanda looked up. There was a girl behind the counter. Amanda at 36 years old felt like a total idiot as she looked at the young woman. "Hi," she said, knowing her face was six shades of red. 

The girl smiled, she was white, no more that 20 years old, with purple highlights in her blond hair. Her figure was tall, athletic and she wore a very amused expression. "First time in here?" she asked, obviously knowing the answer to that.

Amanda nodded, then looked around, but the men who had been there were all gone.

"You scared them all off," said the girl. "It is a small town; they don't want their wives hearing that they shop here. I'm Kelly by the way." Kelly came out from around the counter. "Can I help you find something?"

Amanda had to look up at the girl as she came to stand next to her. Despite her tiny waist, at 5'4, with large breasts and a large bottom, Amanda felt like a bad cartoon drawing next to the girl. She shrugged, "I was looking for a vibrator but there are so many to choose from."

"You have never had one?" ask Kelly, seeming rather startled.

Amanda shook her head. "I was married up until a year ago. I am divorced now."

Kelly's expression seemed to indicate that this was not a good explanation. "Well honey, they are almost as good as oral sex!" At Amanda's blank expression, Kelly frowned, "you're husband did go down on you now and then didn't he?"

"He said that was only for perverts," Amanda confessed. 

"Crap, you really got screwed and not in a good way." Kelly said sympathetically. 

Amanda nodded grimly, still looking at all the DVD covers of acts she had never done. Kelly watched her expression as she looked at it all; there was longing in Amanda's face. Kelly looked toward the counter to hide her smile for a moment.

"Ok, you do need some help." Kelly said taking Amanda by the hand and leading her back to the counter. "There is nobody here, so I say lets have some fun."

"What kind of fun?" asked Amanda, wary. However, there was also a bit of a jump in her pulse and a twitch or two further down.

"I have some toys behind the counter; I am going to show you how they work. We are also going to discuss what a guy should do for you and what you can do for him. You have so got to raise your expectations sweetie." said Kelly. 

Amanda let Kelly pull her behind the counter. "Ok, what did your ex do in bed?" she was pulling out a box labeled, 'Kelly's box DON'T TOUCH'.

Amanda flushed, "Well, we had intercourse." 

Kelly shook her head, "ok, let's start at the beginning. Did he do any foreplay? Caress you, suck your nipples, and play with your clit and pussy?"

Amanda was pink with embarrassment. She had never talked about this stuff with anyone. "He did suck my nipples."

"I guess that I don't need to ask about anal sex and kinky stuff," said Kelly. "Ok, this is my favorite vibrator and my favorite warming lube. Lift your skirt and we will try this one first." Kelly waited. This was the moment. If Amanda did this then Kelly would be able to talk her into about anything.

Amanda slowly lifted her skirt and showed Kelly her white thigh high stockings and lacy pink panties. She could not say later why she did; she just knew she had too. 

"Nice," said Kelly and smiled at Amanda. The woman was in a constant blushing shade of pink. "Slip the panties down a bit, I don't want to get a lot of lube on them and make a mess." 

Amanda could barely breathe; she pulled her panties down to her knees. She did not even trying to hide how she had soaked them in her excitement. She could not look at Kelly.

Kelly did not say a word, she just knelt in front of Amanda and barely breathing herself, she began to apply the unnecessary lube to Amanda's damp little pussy. She rubbed her fingers through her lips, against the entrance to her vagina and very lightly over her clit. "How long did sex with your ex last?" 

"15 or 20 minutes." Kelly snorted, gently rubbing in more lube. "Ok that is just sad. Good sex should last at least an hour. At least tell me he had a good size cock."

Amanda marveled dimly that Kelly could say all these dirty words so matter of factly. Her hips thrust out following Kelly's fingers, begging for more. "He was way smaller than that vibrator in your hand."

The vibrator that began its journey rubbing over her pussy lips, stroking gently between them and so, so lightly over Amanda's begging clit. Amanda moaned and tried to spread her legs more but her panties around her knees hampered her efforts. 

Kelly smiled and pulled them down as she applied the vibrator a little harder to Amanda's clit. Distracted, Amanda did not even notice when the panties disappeared into Kelly's box of toys. 

Just when Amanda thought the top of her head was going to blow right off, Kelly pulled the vibrator away from her clit and pushes it into Amanda's tight wet pussy. Amanda groaned, half with pleasure and half with frustration.  Kelly pulled out and then thrust again, this time a little deeper and a little harder watching Amanda's face. 

Kelly fucked her with the vibrator until Amanda neared the edge of orgasm and pulled out. Amanda groaned, frustrated. "And this is why oral sex is so popular," Kelly leaned forward and began sucking gently on her clit. At Amanda's sharp gasp, Kelly slipped the vibrator back in her pussy and finally let her cum. 

Amanda, lost in the moment, grabbed Kelly's hair and pulled her closer. Kelly was smiling as she sucked some more, gently now. "Ok, sweetie, was that your first orgasm?" 

Amanda nodded. 

Before Amanda could recover her senses, Kelly stood and turned her around. She pushed Amanda down over the counter and admired her sweet white butt. A little roughly, she pushed Amanda's legs apart and slides the vibrator back into her pussy. Amanda bucked and cried out. 

"Ok, sweetie, lets do a little bit of experimenting. You just relax and tell me when you like something and when you don't." Not waiting for a reply, Kelly applied a wet finger to Amanda's very tight little asshole. She rubbed it and pushed at it very gently as she fucked Amanda's pussy very firmly. 

The thought that any minute, someone may come walking in and see this was such a turn on for Kelly she was close to coming herself. She loved Amanda's frantic wiggling and how her bottom raised a little to follow Kelly's fingers. 

Amanda felt like her body was on overload, this was so good she did not care that she was in a public place laid across the counter being fucked by a girl she did not even know. Kelly's finger slipped into Amanda's ass and she fucked her a little. Her ass massaged Kelly's finger uncontrollably, pulsing with an itchy desire to be fucked there too.

"Yes, baby, cum for me again."

Amanda came again as Kelly began to work another vibrator into her ass. Oblivious now, Amanda humped the table, begging for more. "Please..." she cried. 

"What an angel you are," Kelly said, admiring how Amanda could just let go. 

Kelly worked both the vibrators in and out and wondered how much that little innocent pussy of Amanda's could take. After too many orgasms to count, Amanda finally begged for a rest. 

Kelly smiled and withdrew the vibrators. However, Kelly did not let Amanda up. "Stay there, we have a bit more to try." She rubbed Amanda's bottom soothingly and then smacked one cheek lightly. Amanda jumped and considered stopping this but she was curious and exhausted. 

Kelly warmed Amanda's bottom slowly, letting her writhe on the counter as she made her sweet round bottom pink and achy. Kelly was a very good dominatrix, she wanted Amanda enjoying the sensation and wanting more. 

"Alright," Kelly said finally. Let's see if you have learned anything about a woman's body. "I want you to make me cum with just your mouth and fingers. Can you do that?" 

Amanda smiled and knelt down in front of Kelly, pushing up Kelly's skirt. There were no panties to get in the way. Amanda was not surprised. She licked and sucked Kelly's pussy lips and clit. She used her fingers to fuck her and even worked one finger into Kelly's willing bottom. It didn't take long before Kelly was fisting her hair and telling her to suck harder. She mashed Amanda's face deep into her wanting clit as she came.

Kelly stroked her cheek kissed her lips afterwards and helped her dress. "Ok, now you have to admit, that was great." 

Amanda nodded, feeling 15 again, she kissed Kelly and drove herself home. 

It wasn't until she got there that she realized she had never purchased that vibrator she had wanted. Yes, she would just have to go back and see Kelly.