 High school graduation is a few weeks away and my friends and I have plans that shall we say aren't the typical high school prom tradition. Let me tell you a little about me and my friends first and we'll come back to the graduation. 

We all turned 18 within the last few months and were looking forward to the prom.

Myself, my name is Bridget and I'm a high school senior. I'm 5 feet 6 inches tall and weigh a little less than 125 pounds without my clothes. I have medium brown hair and medium size boobs. I guess I'm just medium but I have a nice shape.

I'm a good student and don't get into trouble but this is mostly so I can have more freedom with my folks. If I don't get in trouble they don't bother with what I'm doing. So I can go out, do what I want without having to beg my folks for permission.

My friends, Jody, Janet, Ginger and I make up the female four musketeers. All for one and one for all.

Jody is about 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs about 130 pounds with long dark brown hair worn most often in a ponytail. She's a bit of a tomboy but all woman at the same time. A firm body and mostly muscle and nice round breasts and buns of steel. Jody is also a good student but more of an athlete. She plays b-ball for the school girls team and is a star player.

Janet is the shortest of all the musketeers standing only 5 feet 3 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds which are mostly in her butt... A nice round butt. She has smallish breasts and a short afro hairstyle from the 60's era. Her skin is dark brown like chocolate. Her downfall is that she's smart, maybe too smart. Science and math are her hobbies. When she talks about her loves we just smile and nod a lot. On the positive side, she's a wild and crazy girl and as the song says, girls just want to have fun.

Ginger is just like her name, a ginger. Red hair both up top and down under. She is about 5 feet 10 inches tall making her the tallest in our foursome. She is lithe in form, at only 130 pounds and very graceful. Her skin is pale and freckles dominate her chest between two large round orbs that make her somewhat top heavy but she carries them well. She is our drama queen, literally, she's planning to study dramatic arts in college. She can sing, dance and act and can be a real comedian.

We've all been close friends since we were freshmen when we first started high school. By the following year, we were hanging out almost every weekend at one house or another. Sleepovers were the norm for Saturday night. But on one Saturday night sleepover, everything changed...

It was around October or November into our senior year. We were at Jody's for our sleepover that Saturday. She has a single bed so we bunked out on the floor with sleeping bags, blankets and pillow... Lots of pillows! 

We all arrived shortly after 7 and were playing video games on the TV in the basement family room. Since there were 4 of us only 2 could play at a time while 2 watched and cheered. I was sitting out this round and was idly looking through a box of old video tapes, probably from the 80's, that was beside the armchair I was sitting in. I was sort of watching the action on the TV while browsing the selections. One jacket had nothing on it so I slid the tape out of the jacket looking for a title on the tape itself. Nothing on that either. 

"Jody, what's on this old video tape? No title on the jacket or tape".

"I have no idea Bridget" she replied. "The games over, why don't you pop it into the VCR and we'll find out?"

So I walked over the TV stand and bent down to slip the video into the old VCR and it started up. Jody switched over the 'source' on the TV and the video appeared on the screen. 

OMG! There were naked people on the screen... Several of them... In various positions having sex! There were small 'gasps' from all of us but our eyes were glued to the screen. Suddenly Jody hit the stop button and the screen went black. 

"Hey, why did you turn it off? It was looking very interesting". I said to Jody while grinning ear to ear. 

Jody replied "Ummm... That was my parents and some friends of theirs from years ago." 

"Oh my god," I said. "That was so hot, turn it back on! Pleases?" I asked whiningly.

Jody replied, "I don't think we should be doing this, it's private." 

"If it were private, it wouldn't be out here for you to find" I replied. 

"What if my parents come down?" Jody said in a somewhat nervous tone. 

"We can change the channel fast and keep the volume down. They'll never know." Jody thought about it while we all stared at her with bated breath urging her to say yes. 

"Ok, but you promise never to tell anyone about this?" We all crossed our hearts and promised not to say a word to anyone. 

Jody hit play and turned the volume down so nobody upstairs could hear anything. The naked people on the screen were having a small orgy. There were four of them, Jody's parents and another couple. Jody's father had his cock in the other woman's mouth while his wife, Jody's mom, was getting fucked by another man. It was really hot watching the naked bodies having sex. None of us had had sex at that time and we were all very curious and watching intently. My pussy started feeling moist. I slipped my hand under my waistband and down the front of my pants. My fingers seeking out my slit... It was wet and my fingers slipped easily between my pussy lips. Nobody noticed so I just continued my little finger slipping action. I looked around at the other girls, all of whom were staring at the screen, mouths open. 

"I don't know about you girls, but I'm getting horny". I said quietly to them. 

Janet said, "You and me both sister." 

"Me too" whispered Ginger, "I feel like my nipples are going to poke through my shirt." 

Giggles erupted from the group followed by shushing to prevent anyone hearing us. We all went back to watching the screen while surreptitiously touching our breasts and pussies through our clothing. When the tape ended, after all of the participants had satisfied themselves, we were all left very unsatisfied. We put the video tape away where I had found it and scurried up to Jody's room.

After we had all gotten changed into T-shirts to sleep in and brushed our teeth and other personal preparations for bed, we settled down for the night in our bedding with just a dim nightlight shining in the corner of the room. Not enough light to read by, but enough to make out who's who.

I was still feeling aroused from the video we had watched and was wondering if I was normal or oversexed. 

"Does anyone else feel, umm, still aroused by that video?" I asked. Silence for several long seconds... 

"Umm, yeah, I still feel moist in my panties." said Ginger. 

"Me too, I'm all wet between the legs and can't get those images of sex out of my head." replied Janet. 

"What about you, Jody? Are you wet too?" I asked.

Jody replied, "They're my parents! That would make me a freak if I was aroused, wouldn't it?" 

"Well, there were other people in the room with them all having sex. Didn't that turn you on?" I asked.

With a look or relief, Jody said, "Well, I guess I am a little turned on by the whole thing. Well, to be honest, I did get turned on by watching my parents fuck and my god, I've never seen my dad's cock before! It's huge!" Jody's admission was followed by more giggles and shushing.

"So... What should we all do about our wet pussies?" asked Ginger. "I know what I would do if I were home alone." More giggles...

"Me too Ginger, in a heartbeat. Have you ever played with yourself in front of anyone?" I asked. 

Ginger said, "No, but right now I'm willing to give it a try if you all are." Giggles erupted again from everyone. 

"Is everyone going to do it? I will if you all will," said Jody.

It was a unanimous yes from all four of us. Together we all shed our T-shirts and panties at Janet's suggestion. Laying next to each other in a row, shoulder to shoulder, we closed our eyes and started playing with our breasts and pussies. 

After several minutes of playing, soft moans could be heard and a wet squishy sound that was accompanied by the distinct smell of female arousal. The sounds and smells were causing my arousal to grow in intensity and I'm sure I wasn't alone. The feel of our shoulders touching was also becoming a turn on for me. 

I felt a foot touching my foot on my left and a thigh pressing my thigh as Jody, to my right, opened herself up more to access her wet pussy. The feel of these two women touching me while I was fingering my pussy and twisting my nipples was making me dizzy with desire. Since my eyes were closed I only imagined what the others were doing and in all honesty, my girlfriends were fucking turning me on.

I responded to their 'accidental' touching with my own very deliberate touching. My legs opened up and I put one over Ginger's thigh to my left, feeling her thigh under my own while I rubbed my aching pussy. I was getting delirious with desire. I wanted to touch them, feel their soft skin with my hands and body. 

My hand that was twisting and pinching my nipples left my breasts and I reached over to Jody on my right and filled my hand for the first time with another girls breast. I heard Jody moan as I squeezed her left boob. I felt her nipple stiffen to a hard point in my hand. I stroked it with my palm and pinched it with two fingers. Jody moaned and put her hand over my own, letting me know she was ok with it and wanted it. 

Meanwhile, Ginger felt my thigh over top of her own leg and reached down with the hand that was strumming her clit and garbed my leg and pulled it into her so her pussy was able to rub against it now. I could feel her wet pussy slipping up and down my lower thigh. Ginger was now turned slightly towards me humping my thigh with her pussy and her left hand was now squeezing my left tit. I was in fucking heaven!

"Oh my god, this feels so fucking good" I whispered to Jody. I couldn't really see what Janet was doing on the other side of Jody but I did feel another hand touching Jody's breasts along with my own. "mmmm hmmm" moaned Jody.

Jody's left hand reached over and touched my right hip and slid slowly towards my bush. When she touched my pussy lips I moaned in her ear. My hand that was playing in my bush held her wrist and pulled her hand into my cunt and pressed it against me. I came hard. 

"Ahhhh, I'm coming, I'm fucking cumming," I whispered as low as I could in the state I was in. 

One by one Ginger first on my left came hard on my thigh, Jody came next with Janet's fingers in her pussy. Janet was the only one that hadn't cum yet because she was too busy playing with Jody's tits and pussy.

I said, "So Janet, you haven't cum yet. How about us three girls make sure you do?" Janet only smiled and lowered her eyes shyly. "Okay, sounds good to me."

I was still flying high from my orgasm, I had abandoned all care of being judged as a freak and wanted a taste of her pussy juices. I went face first into her pussy while Jody and Ginger both stared at me. I looked up from between Janet's thighs and said "What, aren't you curious? Help me get Janet off." Jody and Ginger looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders and got on either side of Janet and started playing with her boobs, pinching her nipples and eventually licking them.

Janet started whimpering and moaning quietly. "Oh, oh yeah, that feels so nice."

Since this was my first time eating another girl's pussy, I started by taking a tentative taste while inhaling her aroma and admiring the appearance of her beautiful dark pussy. One taste and I was hooked. I licked her from the bottom of her pussy to her clit slowly and deliberately, hearing Janet moan softly as the three of us worked her body over. 

I put her legs over my shoulders exposing more of her wet pussy and now her little bum hole was also exposed. I was feeling so overwhelmed with desire and arousal and growing boldness, that I couldn't help but lick lower to her asshole and lick around it. I felt Janet jump at the touch but she soon settled down as she found that she really liked it and I could tell by the increased moaning and squirming on the floor. 

Janet's hands grabbed my head and pulled me tight into her pussy lips. I knew she was close to cumming so I slowed down to tease her some.

She moaned louder in frustration and said, "Don't fucking tease me bitch, lick that pussy and make me cum!" 

So because I had promised we'd make her cum, I slipped one then two fingers into her pussy and focused my tongue on her clit. She was moaning constantly now and both Ginger and Jody were kissing her neck, playing with her tits and generally getting her to the edge.

With one of my fingers, I lightly touched her asshole while fingering her pussy and flicking her clit with my tongue. 

She gasped and said "Holy Fuck! Holy Fuck! I'm cumming!" 

Her hands pulled me into her pussy and her thighs squeezed my head so tight I thought it would crack open like a walnut. My face was soaked with the explosion of girl cum that came out of her. It was amazing! 

"Oh my god, I'm soaked with your cum girl. I've never seen a squirter before." 

"I didn't know I could." said Janet as she collapsed on her back with sweat pouring off of her. 

The three of us kissed her all over as she sighed in contentment. Of course, the whole idea of making Janet cum was so that we'd all be left satiated, however now three of us were very turned on all over again. 

"Can you teach me how to squirt like that Janet?" I asked

"I don't know Bridget, it just happened. Never before, maybe it's because I was so turned on for so long...?" replied Janet.

"Bridget, how did it taste? Did you like it?" asked Jody.

"Oh yes," I said, "one taste of her pussy had me hooked. You should try it." 

"Ok, I would like to try it. Do I have anyone to volunteer their pussy?" 

Of course, I volunteered to have Jody lick and suck my pussy, with Ginger volunteering a heartbeat behind me. Needless to say, our first night of sex turned out to be a long night. One that was repeated at subsequent sleepovers.

*******************

So now getting back to our Post Graduation Party. The girls and I have decided we want to add some spice to the prom by having a post-prom party at a private cabin in the mountains. 

After our sleepover exploration of female sexuality, we have become very adept at sex, well, sex between women and of course some alone time with fingers. But not with young men. 

That was to be our next journey, male sexuality. We had a few male students in mind and over the months before the prom, we made sure we had dates for the night with these boys. It wasn't hard to do since we're so, you know, drop dead gorgeous. The plan was to get these young men to take us to the prom followed by a weekend long party of sex. We didn't tell them all of our plans. You have to keep some mystery in a relationship you know.

Of course, none of us had had sex with a boy before so we had to prepare ourselves for this journey to come. We didn't want to have pain nor clumsiness on this night, only pleasure. Nor did we want anyone getting pregnant. So some things needed taking care of. None of us had fucked before so we needed practice.

We all went on the birth control pill a few months ahead of time. 

Also, we needed to rid ourselves of the pain of losing one's virginity. A Strap on Dildo was suggested as our choice of tool for this adventure.

The next sleepover was at Ginger's home, and we had to wait for an evening that her parents would be out late. This night the strap on dildo was to be used on each of us. Each of us taking turns to do the delicate deed to the next Virgin Sacrifice.

"Who wants to be first to loose her virginity?" I asked

Ginger spoke up, "I'll go first, and I'd like you, Bridget, to be the one to fuck me and take my virginity."

"Okay Ginger, I'm good with doing that," I said with a grin. "Let's all get undressed ladies." I pulled my top off and my pants down and my panties with them. I was naked in seconds and stood back watching the others quickly take their clothes off.

Once we were all undressed we made like a single bed on the floor with blankets and pillows for our sacrificial altar. There is something about being naked together, bumping into each other, feeling the soft skin of someone's arm or leg touching you. "hmmm..." I thought to myself, "Am I enjoying this way too much?" 

Ginger lay down on the 'altar' and the three of us circled her and got her warmed up with some kisses and touching. Lightly stroking her skin and kissing her sensitive areas around her nipples and neck and ears. Ginger was wet before I even had the strap on dildo in place around my waist.

The feel of it on me, the straps running around my waist and thighs, the weight of the dildo in front of me gave me a feeling of power. It was weird and a bit of a turn on. I got in place between Ginger's legs, touching her legs from calf to thigh gently and slowly while staring at her pussy, the pussy I was about to deflower with my rod. 

Jody brought over some lube to put on the dildo and was smearing it on my rod like she was giving me a hand job. More ideas to practice before the big event. Janet set about getting Ginger good and wet with her tongue. Once Ginger was wet and sufficiently aroused I got myself closer to her pussy with my rod sticking straight out in front as if it were a pussy divining rod. 

I touched her vaginal opening with the tip, "Oh..." cried Ginger, "It's so cold!"

"I'm sure it will be real hot in just a minute Ginger. Are you ready for this?" I asked her.

With a slight nod of her head and a lick of her lips, Ginger said, "Yes, please fuck me, Bridget."

That's all the encouragement I needed as I pressed forward with my makeshift cock. I slipped in about an inch or so and stopped. I looked at Ginger as she bit down on her lips, nodding her head for me to continue.

"Oh, it feels so big! Bigger than any finger I've had in there before. Keep going, Bridget."

I pushed on, feeling it push back against my own pussy as I pushed forward. "I'm getting turned on myself, Ginger. Every time I thrust into your pussy, the dildo pushes back into mine hitting my clit."

Ginger was now getting very much aroused both by the act of being fucked by me and my dildo and by what I had just said to her. 

"Oh, yes Bridget, fuck my pussy with your big hard cock. Make us both come!" Ginger exclaimed.

I was penetrating Ginger's pussy a good six inches or more now. I didn't think she could take any more when she raised her legs up and around my waist and pulled me into her burying my cock dildo all the way into her pussy. "Ahhhh... I'm cumming Bridget! You made me CUMMMMM!"

I started cumming too when she pulled me in so hard it connected with my own swollen clit and pushed me over the edge with her. We both fell into the abyss crying out, "Ah, so fucking good!" "Fuck me harder!"

We lay together in a heap, my cock still in Ginger's throbbing pussy, catching our breath. "Oh my god, that was fantastic Bridget! I wonder if it will be half this good with a guy?" Laughter burst out from our peanut gallery as well as from my own gasping mouth. 

The whole time Ginger was impaled on my makeshift cock our friends Jody and Janet were watching, licking nipples and playing with their own pussies in anticipation of their own turn with the Impaler.

"Can I be next Bridget?" asked Jody. "I guess Janet, you'll have to do me since both of them are clearly drained and in need of rest."

"I'd be happy to do you, Jody, let's let these two rest up while we get organised for your turn."

Ginger and I dragged ourselves off the bedding and I removed the strap on and cleaned it up while Ginger remade the bed with Jody.
