 Britney could not believe what she was seeing. It was very late at night, and she had gone down the hall in her sorority house to get her hairbrush from Melissa. She wanted to be ready for tomorrow's date with Frank. Since she was restless and could not sleep, she left her room to go to Melissa's. It was a little past midnight. As she rounded the corner, she began to hear unmistakable sounds of moaning. 

She glimpsed through the slightly open door, and then turned back again. Her heart was pounding. Legs weak, she walked in a trance back to her room. Was she dreaming? No, it couldn't be. Breathing hard, she stood at the door to her room. Was it really true?

Finally, unable to credit her senses, she returned to confirm what she had seen.

Heart beating even harder, Britney backtracked to Melissa's room. The moans were real. And the sight of Pam on her knees before Melissa was also real.

Britney leaned closer. What was Pam doing? It was too shocking to believe. Yes, she was actually licking Melissa's vagina. Melissa was naked from the waist down, sitting on the edge of her bed, her legs spread, and she looked down at Pam with a evil smile.

"That's it, hon," Melissa said. "Eat it good, now."

Pam was fully dressed. Of Asian descent, she had long black hair and a skinny, pert body. She was one of the new recruits at the Tri-Delta house. And here she was licking Melissa's blonde pussy.

Britney should have turned away. She should have gone back to her room. But she was transfixed. In stunned amazement she watched as Pam with her cute upturned nose and long lashes looked up at Melissa, and...

"Mmm, that's right."

Melissa ground her hips into Pam's pretty face. She was the president of the sorority, and Britney could not believe Melissa was abusing her powers in such a way. In fact, it seemed as if Pam was trying to pull her head back.

"Mmmph," Pam said.

"C'mon, you can do better than that," Melissa said.

Pam at last managed to unstick her face.

"I've never done this before," she said with a whimper.

"Well, you're going to have to learn," Melissa said. "You want in, don't you?"

The Asian girl stared at Melissa, and then her eyes dropped to the wet blonde hairs. She nodded slowly.

"That's a good girl. Now..."

Melissa pulled on Pam's hair.

"Mmph."

"Aw yeah. That's it..."

Britney watched in a trance as Pam licked and slurped, the girl's moans starting to match Melissa's, her hands coming up to caress Melissa's thighs, seeming to enjoy what she was doing more and more.

It was none of Britney's business, and yet she could not move. The scene was too incredible. The young Asian girl was on her knees and submissively licking Melissa's pussy, her tongue flicking at the clitoris and giving open-mouthed kisses to the opening...

"Mm, that's it. Ahhh. Yes. Lick my pussy. Say how you want to eat my pussy. Say it, bitch."

Pam looked up, her chin glistening.

"Say it!"

"I want... to eat your pussy. I love to lick it..."

"Yeah, that's a good slut."

As Melissa pushed the Asian face back into her cunt, she happened to catch sight of Britney. Britney gasped, already so weak in the knees she could not move.

"Hey," Melissa whispered hoarsely. "Get in here--!"

Britney did not move. She thought she was going to faint.

"Get in here! C'mon!"

Pam leaned back, picking a hair on her tongue. "Oh, God," she whispered.

"I'm so sorry," Britney said. "I didn't mean..."

"Get in here. And shut the door."

Britney complied. She had lived at Tri-Delta for three semesters and was used to Melissa giving her orders. Hands shaking, she pushed away her long auburn hair from her face.

"But I'll go. I'm so sorry..."

"So, what do you want?" Melissa said.

She acted as if nothing was the matter. She sat up on the bed, not bothering to cover her nudity. A lamp glowed in one corner of the room.

"I just came... over.. but, I..."

Pam hung her head. There were tears in her eyes.

"Okay, uh-huh," Melissa said."You came, huh. Well, we can take care of that. Can't we, Pam?"

Pam said nothing.

"I better go..."

"Come here. Sit by me. Britney! Come over here now."

"Okay."

Shaking, Britney felt glad to at least sit. She swallowed, not daring to look at Pam who was still kneeling before them. Nor did she look at Melissa's exposed pussy.

"I want to tell you something," Melissa said. "Listen to me. You're not going to tell a fucking person about this. Okay? Or I'll send you out of here so fast. You got that?"

Britney nodded dumbly.

"Good. I'd knew you'd see it my way," Melissa said. She drew closer to Britney. "This is just a little initiation. Pam understands it's all a part of becoming a Tri-Delt. Isn't that right, Pam?"

"Yes," Pam said.

While Britney could look away, she could not ignore the smell of Melissa's aroused pussy.

"I should go..."

"No, stay. This is just starting to get good." Melissa smiled and turned to Pam. "Why don't you undress for us, Pam. I want to see that cute body of yours. All Deltas need to have the right body. Britney does. Don't you, Brit?"

"Uh, well, I..."

Pam looked at Britney.

"I can't," she said.

"Oh, c'mon. Britney won't care. She's seen plenty of our pledges naked. Haven't you, Britney?"

"Well, I don't..."

"Pam! That's an order. All right? Don't make me repeat myself. Our pledges need to follow orders."

Pam rose to her feet. Finally, blushing, she started unbuttoning her red blouse. She revealed a white cotton bra: her breasts were small but firm. Then she unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it.

"Nice," Melissa said. 

She was lightly touching her pussy as she watched Pam undress. Britney pretended she did not notice.

Pam stood before them in her bra and panties.

"All of it," Melissa said.

Pam unhooked her bra, her breasts falling free. The nipples were dime-sized and cinnamon colored. Then, her face averted, Pam rolled down her panties. She now wore nothing but her gold hoop earrings and gold necklace. Britney gasped, her eyes unwittingly drawn to the perfect triangle of black hair.

"Do you like it?" Melissa said. She grinned at Britney. "I think she'll do fine!"

Then Melissa reached out and caressed Pam's breast.

"Very nice..."

Her hand glided down Pam's smooth stomach.

"What have we here?"

Melissa touched Pam's pussy. Pam groaned, shutting her eyes, tottering slightly. The finger lightly ran across the folds of the vagina.

"Mm, seems like you're pretty excited by this." Melissa looked at her wet finger; the cum was the consistency of honey. "Did you like eating my pussy, Pam?"

Pam sighed.

"Did you? Say you like eating my pussy."

"I did. I liked... licking pussy."

"That's a good girl. Now, I think Britney deserves some attention, too. Wouldn't you, Brit?"

Britney tried hard to think about Frank, or about her parents, or even about her church. But to no avail. She could not rip her eyes away from the beautiful naked girl before her. She continued to stare as Pam sunk to her knees.

"There we go. It's all part of the initiation here."

Melissa helped pull Britney's pajama bottoms off. Britney only feebly resisted. Her heart pounded as she realized what was going to happen. Her pajamas came off, and Pam's eyes dropped to where her tongue soon would be.

"I think Pam will make a great Delta. Don't you, Brit?"

Britney was amazed at how blasé Melissa was about all this--as if she had done this many times before. She heard herself whisper Oh, you shouldn't as Pam lowered her face to Britney's trimmed pussy, but this was all the resistance she could manage.

"Oh, God."

Pam stuck out her tongue and passed it over Britney's pussy. Then the tongue pressed harder, parting the wet pink folds, more saliva coming out, her head bobbing up and down.

"Uhhhh," Britney said.

Melissa chuckled. "It's good, isn't it?" she said. "Better than any frat boy..."

Melissa held Pam's hair, stroking it, and pulling her face in deeper.

"That's right. Lick that pussy."

"Ohhhh," Britney said. "Yessss..."

She looked down at the sight of Pam's pretty face nestled between her legs. It was amazing to have another girl licking her. The room was very quiet: the only sounds were Pam's sucking on pussy and Britney's growing moans.

"She's getting the hang of this," Melissa said.

Britney leaned back, the first waves of pleasure overcoming her senses. She stroked Pam's raven hair. It was feeling so good.

"Let's see these tits of yours..."

Melissa undid the buttons on Britney's pajama top. Britney was too lost in pleasure to stop her. Soon she was stark naked, the cool air of the room on her medium-sized breasts, her red nipples very erect.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time. Mmmm."

Melissa sucked on Britney's nipple.

Britney arched her back. Pam was licking her pussy very good, her wet tongue darting at her clit. Meanwhile, Melissa was chewing on one breast, and then the other, breathing hard. Britney was overwhelmed by the sensations of having two girls enjoy her body. She had experience with men, with Frank, but nothing came even close. She moaned deeply, abandoning herself to it all.

"Yeah, you like it, don't you?"

Melissa brought her mouth to Britney's. She kissed her, forcing her tongue inside.

"It's good, isn't it?"

"Yes," Britney moaned.

"Keep licking that pussy, Pam."

"Mmmph."

"And now, it's time for something more," Melissa said.

Britney did not understand. She continued to stroke Pam's hair as the girl licked pussy, wondering where Melissa had gone. She was not long in wondering as Melissa stood over her and brought her pussy to Britney's face.

"Eat my pussy, Britney! Eat it good!"

"Oh, God."

Britney could not get out anything else as Melissa's pussy was pushed into her mouth. It smelled strange, but not bad. She brought out a hesitant tongue. She had no idea what she was doing. She only knew that Pam was making her feel so good, and she wanted to make Melissa feel that way too. The pubic hairs brushed her nose. She opened her mouth wider and took a long lick...

"That's it. Lick it good. Mmmm." Melissa gripped Britney's hair, pulling her face in. "Yeah. That's a good little slut..."

Britney kissed and licked the pussy. She realized there was no turning back now. Once you start licking pussy, then one could not deny being a lesbian. Strangely, she did not mind too much. She was enjoying the taste and smell of Melissa's pussy too much to care. She flipped her tongue up and down the wet slit, and then sucked on the knob of flesh that was the clitoris.

"Mmm, yeah," Melissa said, moving her hips lewdly.

Britney cupped Melissa's ass, bringing the pussy even closer to her face. It seemed the whole world had become pussy. A burst of warmth racked her body, and she realized she was coming hard. Pam noisily licked out the flowing cum. Just as the last waves of her orgasm subsided, Melissa cried out.

"Oh, shit! Yessss! God, aw, God...!"

Britney was squirted with pussy juice, the sides of her face covered in it. It was amazing, but true: she had brought a girl off with her tongue.

The three girls panted, recovering slowly.

Britney assumed the "initiation" was over. But then Melissa had another idea. She lifted Pam from the floor.

"Sit on the bed, Pam. And spread your legs. I think it's time Britney learned how to eat pussy."

"Oh my God."

Melissa and Pam changed positions. Britney was unsure what to do, but Melissa helped her out by pulling on her weak arm and getting her down on the floor.

"Come on. It's only fair."

Britney got on her knees. She looked up at Pam, who returned her shy gaze. Melissa pushed Britney's head forward.

"There you go. Don't be shy."

Britney looked at the pussy. It was small and tight, bordered with short black curls. It was also very wet already. Britney needed no further inducement. She licked up the honey wetness, and Pam groaned.

"Mmm."

"Aw yeah. Eat that pussy, Brit. Yeah."

Britney used her experience with Melissa to do an even better job with Pam's pussy. She slid her tongue in the folds and made loud slurping noises as she sucked and licked and made love to the pussy. She stuck a finger in and started to thrust it in and out.

"Oh God."

Pam threw back her head. Britney, encouraged all the more, licked with even greater fervor. She could feel the vagina tensing and the hips flexing. With greater excitement she sucked on the clitoris.

"And me, too, bitch."

Melissa had climbed on top of Pam and was smothering her face in her pussy. Seeing this only excited Britney more, seeing Pam energetically lap her tongue at Melissa's cunt, and she came just before Pam did--both girls rocking and crying out.

Britney continued to lick the pussy until her tongue could no longer move. Then she sat back, dazed at what she had done.

"Now, aren't you glad you stopped by?" Melissa said.

A shock of remorse hit Britney. Tears came to her eyes. Murmuring Frank, she got up, gathered her pajamas, and ran out.

"She'll be back," Melissa said. "Now, one more orgasm and I can get some good sleep..."

With that, she pulled Pam back by her hair into her pussy, and Pam obediently licked her until she fell asleep.