 We are two fictitious lesbians who look human...mostly. We have VERY large pussy lips and cat's eyes. We have voracious sexual appetites...good thing, because we live on each other's cum.

Belle has short, black hair with white streaks. She has wondrously pure, alabaster skin which is so out-of-this-world lovely, you would long to touch it. I have long, platinum-blonde hair with black streaks, and deeply-tanned skin.

Our natural scent is that of musk oil. It is exuded from all our pores throughout our bodies. Our over-sensitive pussies have really large, butterfly outer lips which swell wondrously when excited.

Our tongues are eight inches long, retractable to normal when not having sex.

There are no other humans and Belle and I don't wear clothes. There are just no clothes here. 

Our pussies have no hair on them at all...silky smooth and always dripping...always. Our inner thighs are always soaked and glistening with our juices.

Our diet consists of cum and honey. Belle and I must have cum from each other to survive. My body is made to live off her cum...her body is made to live off mine. 

That's why we both cum so much and so often...our bodies NEED it. We cum between a pint and a quart EACH time we cum, cumming many, many times each time we have sex...one orgasm after another without squirting...only heavily flowing. A LOT of that cum ends up all over our bodies. 

We are crazy in love and are affectionate with each other in ways that would seem sexual to humans. To us, licking our inner thighs, and kissing and licking each other's pussies is just loving affection. We LOVE just lying there, stroking and caressing, our pussies dripping all over each other. 

But, we're so fucking easily aroused, all that beautiful affection gets out of hand very quickly...

Our sex is a wild, messy affair...and we often play pretty rough with each other. But, it is not "rough sex." No hitting or slapping. We do love to jump on each other, sucking our large outer lips and fucking mercilessly with our long, strong tongues. The harder we fuck with our tongues, the better. 

We lose our minds when we fuck...it's wild and noisy with lots of screaming. We bite each other, but because of the way our bodies are, biting doesn't cause pain...it shoots total pleasure straight to our pussies, often resulting in cumming VERY hard.

Honey is everywhere where we live, but, there are no bees. We have a honey pond and containers of honey sitting all over. We also love to slather a lot of that honey on each other and lick it off, and we do love to fuck in that pond.

_____________________________

I HAVE to tell you about a recent afternoon when we were playing in one of our honey ponds. Some of our ponds are water...some honey. The honey is this one is four feet deep. I was standing up and Belle had her legs wrapped around my waist and her arms around my neck. Our bodies were slipping around on each other in the slippery, slimy honey.

My fingers were playing with Belle's highly-swollen pussy...she had already finger-fucked me, making me cum many times, my lips on hers, screaming into her mouth and sucking her lips...

Belle's body trembled real hard...then she fucked her tongue to my throat and came violently! Her legs tightened hard around my waist and her pussy squeezed my finger...I felt all her cum flow from her and mix with the honey...I moved my mouth to her neck and softly bit her, then sucked her skin until her long, loud orgasm subsided...

Belle slid down my body and was standing in the honey with me now...the honey was up to our waists and we held each other, kissing deeply, licking and sucking each other's lips.

We held hands and walked out of the pond to the grass-covered bank to lie in the sun...the grass was sooooooo soft on our bodies and the sun was so hot on our skin. I lied on my back and Belle slid between my legs, licking honey off my tummy. 

I had my legs wrapped around her, sliding them on her slippery skin. Belle continued licking my body, getting the honey we both must have to sustain ourselves.

That also makes us insanely horny...

The hot sun is shining on our slippery, honey-covered bodies...Belle is affectionately rubbing my pussy which, like hers, has huge outer lips. Our pussies are a mouthful, and we give them lots of loving attention...with our mouths...with our hands.

Belle, right now is sucking honey, mixed with my juices, from my pussy...sucking my large orchid lips into her mouth...sucking hard...she's going to give me yet another orgasm...instead of cumming on her body, I will feed her my cum...and she will suck it from my swollen pussy needily...urgently.

My affectionate pussy-kissing was making Belle very hot...she started to squirm, her breathing coming in little whimpers with each breath...her juices were flowing heavier and she was pulling harder on my hair...

I was swallowing more and more of her sweet juices to keep up with her...I gripped her ass, digging my nails against her skin. 

She roughly wrapped her legs around my shoulders and screamed out for me...

"FUCK ME, SURI! FUCK YES!"

Belle was a fucking animal! She grabbed my hair much harder, pulling me harder against her sloppy-wet pussy...I growled into her, devouring her, sucking her hard and fucking her to DEATH with my tongue hitting the back of her pussy, pushing her body...though I held onto her ass to keep her in place...

She raised her ass and fucked her pussy at my mouth, her body shaking hard, her nails now raking my back...her juices soaking my face...Then, she screamed MUCH louder as her orgasm overtook her body!

Belle came and came...I purred loudly for her, her cum filling my mouth while I tried to swallow all she gave me! FUCK! It was so fucking hot in my throat! My body needed it all, and I swallowed eagerly, sucking on her for more while she kept screaming and cumming non-stop...

Her orgasm had barely ended when she suddenly got up, crouched on her feet and dove on top of me, her open mouth pouncing on my ass...biting me hard! She KNOWS how much I love that, and her teeth were not piercing my skin...but almost!

"YES YES! BITE ME, BABY!"

I spread my legs under her and raised my ass for her, whimpering to be ass-fucked with her VERY long, and very strong tongue...she lifted me way up and was eating my pussy alive, my huge outer lips sucked waaaaaaaay inside her mouth...

Out of nowhere, she suddenly pushed her face between my ass cheeks and fucked her tongue WAY FUCKING FAR inside my ass...my body went insane and I came so fucking hard! My ass was in the air and I was fucking back at her mouth, screaming while she growled and buried her tongue inside me, making me feel it throughout my entire body!

As both of us always do, Belle's pussy flowed a bucketful of cum! It flowed all over my tummy, my breasts and my neck...while still cumming, she raised her ass and flooded my pussy...I could feel it running down to my ass...

...or maybe that was the puddle of cum we were lying in.

Belle crawled up on her hands and knees, her pussy over my mouth...I grabbed her ass, my nails digging in, and roughly pulled her pussy to my lips, sucking the last of her cum from her...she fucked my mouth and I purred for her while I relentlessly sucked her hot pussy without stopping...she came again, so fucking hotly...her cum filling my mouth for me to swallow, filling my tummy. It felt so good, and I wanted more...lots more...

Belle was eager to feed me more of her cum...

"Suri...yes...tongue-fuck me hard...give it to me good!"

I gripped her ass and ravaged her pussy with my tongue, ramming it to the back of her pussy...

"SURI! FUCK YES! GIVE ME THAT TONGUE! I'M CUMMING AGAIN FOR YOU!"

Belle came for me all over again...my mouth overflowed with her cum...it ran down my cheeks and my neck as I tried to swallow it all. 

When Belle's hard orgasm ended, she slid down my body and licked all her cum from my cheeks, then kissed me hotly, her tongue feeding me her cum from my cheeks...her lips were wet and slippery, and she slid them on mine, speaking with her hot breath on my mouth...

"Suri, my love...your Belle is soooooo hungry for your cum...I need so much of it, baby..."

I always love to spread my legs for Belle...I love what she does to my pussy, and I spread them wide for her right then...

"Take me, Belle...take me like the wild animal you can be and make me YOUR animal..."

Belle backed off and pounced on me between my legs...her wide-open mouth landing savagely on my hot, dripping pussy...

My body was hungry for all she could give me...and I was determined to make her give me a LOT. I held her ample hips and buried my face in her pussy, making my tongue go crazy deep inside her...she gripped my hair...

"MAKE ME CUM, SURI! FUCK!"

Her body shook hard and she screamed even more, then a river of HOT cum flowed from her pussy...I sucked harder, riding her orgasm...she screamed unintelligibly, her wild orgasm feeding me with her cum! I whimpered as her cum poured into my mouth...I swallowed and swallowed, eager to have more of her...I hungrily sucked the last of her cum from her quivering pussy, then licked her large outer lips...her body tensed each time I slid my big tongue over her...

"Oh Suri...I shall never tire of having you fuck me..."

Her body relaxed in what was now a big, deep puddle of honey and our cum...we were already covered in honey and cum, but we loved slathering big handfuls of it all over each other. 

We kissed deeply, our hands exploring each other's slippery bodies...I'm crazy about her large breasts, fantastic ass and wonderful hips...and she loves mine.

Our bodies were covered in a layer of honey and cum...I stood up and took her hand, helping her to her feet...we moved to a spot in the sun to lie down and let the only thing we ever wear, bake on our skin...our bodies glistened so beautifully in the sun. 

We still couldn't keep our hands off each other, but to us, it's just loving affection to caress the other's pussy and play with her ass. We were kissing...sometimes softly, then deeply...softly purring to each other. I slid my lips on hers, then licked her and kissed her...she was lovingly caressing me between my ass cheeks, making me purr more for her...

I held her perfect ass and we kissed and kissed, whispering "I love you" many times against our lips. The sun went down and we fell into a deep sleep, my thigh against her pussy, and hers against mine.

Thank-you for reading!

Love to all,

Sunny