 Gyllen was getting ready in his bedroom in order to pay Min a quick visit. It was earlier than usual for him to be going out, meaning many more possibilities for him to be caught but he was confident enough in his stealth abilities at this point. The prince was just adding the finishing touches to his rather slutty disguise by lengthening his eyelashes with cheap, black mascara when the door slammed open without warning. Gyllen instinctively turned around to see that the intruder was none other than his sister: Kobber.

"Hi, Li'l Bro!" She stuck her hand up high into the hair as she barged in as a greeting.

Princess Kobber was a dainty young flower of a girl. Her hair was a voluminous auburn colour that curled down her round face and rested on her shoulders, kept somewhat in place with the help of a silver tiara decorated with large emeralds. Her eyes were a similar shape to that of her brother only they were coloured dark brown instead of light blue and her cheeks were dotted with a few orange freckles that ran across her petite nose. The rest of her was not quite so petite much in contrast to her innocent face. She had immodest curves giving her an hourglass figure hidden underneath a flowing, yellow-and-white dress. The princess was also sporting large heavy breasts that bulged out from her clothing, the biggest pair of all of the princesses that rivalled even Queen Helio's chest.

Gyllen nearly died of embarrassment upon being busted as he was getting ready to go out. Even if Kobber was a complete idiot, she would never believe her own brother to be another person like the orc strangers, though, luckily for Gyllen, she was thick enough to come to another conclusion.

"Oooh, are ya playin' dress up?" She cooed. "You look so pretty!" Gyllen saw his opportunity to deceive his sister.

"Yes! Playing dress up!" Gyllen lied to convince her that he was not a cross-dressing skank. "That is the only reason I am clothed like this. With no ulterior motives whatsoever." Kobber giggled girlishly.

"'Ulterior'" She parroted. "You say funny things, li'l bro!" Gyllen groaned.

"What did you want with me?"

"Oh, yeah, I wanted to have some fun with ya!"

"Absolutely not!" Gyllen was quick to answer.

"Aw, why?" Kobber looked at him with sad, puppy-dog eyes and quivering lip. Gyllen was not going to pity her like so many others before when she gave that expression though he was struggling to come up with a credible fib.

"It's...er...it's for a boy's only club!" The prince claimed. "No girls allowed. You wouldn't understand."

"Fine then..." Kobber pouted. "Meanie."

"In fact it's so secret that if you tell anyone I told you, I will...um...tickle you!" Gyllen threatened his sister.

"I hate being tickled!" Kobber squeaked in fright.

"Then you better not tell anybody this!" The prince said as he draped his cloak over himself. Kobber nodded in agreement in fear of a laughing fit resulting in possible underwear-wetting. "How about you go and pester Sølv for a few hours?"

"Good idea!" Kobber skipped away to her younger twin's chamber as Gyllen sighed in relief and swiftly made his way towards the exit.

Kobber barged into Sølv's bedroom with vigour, shaking the accommodation as she entered the dingy chamber. The black curtains were drawn, allowing very little natural light to break through. Various bones and preserved carcasses of venomous insects, reptiles and arachnids displayed in glass casings were dotted about the room. 

"Søøølv!" Gylly is being a sourpuss again! Can we play?" Kobber moaned at a figure leisurely lying on the bed in the light of a nearby flickering candle, fingering through an ancient necromancy tome which she slammed shut upon seeing her sibling. This was Princess Sølv, possibly the least popular out of all the successors. Sølv's hair was smooth and straight, similar to her brother's in style and length though, instead of a radiant gold colour with short bangs, hers was black and parted from her face that made her obsidian circlet barely visible within the split. Her skin was pale and pasty, clearly indicating that she does not go out into the daylight very often given that her curtains were drawn on such a lovely spring afternoon. Her white face was painted around the eyes and along her lips with coal coloured make-up. When it came to clothes, she had a most ghastly sense of style. Everything was black in colour, making her look like she was monochromatic. Her dress was dark and tightly strapped to her skinny being and she wore long, black fingerless gloves that were embroidered with a spider web motif to show off her short, ebony nails. Her Gothic look was completed with a tacky, macabre choker embellished with a pendant in the likeness of a goat skull. Unlike her slightly-older sister, Sølv was not quite so blessed when it came to bust size, with her less-than-average bosom volume being completely overshadowed by her more crowd-pleasing twin, making her look as flat as Gyllen by comparison.

"What distraction from the knowledge that we are all living in a futile, petty existence would you like to partake in, my vulnerable, naïve lamb of a relative?" Sølv asked her question in a monotonous voice.

"Tea party! Tea party!" Kobber clasped her hands in giddy joy, despite not comprehending half of what Sølv just said.

Kobber's room had not changed much since her childhood. The walls were a gaudy shade of pink, patterned with pretty flowers and cute bunnies. Her bookshelves were filled with all sorts of fluffy characters when she was not playing with them rather than any actual published works. In the centre of her lodging was a round, short-legged wooden table, painted pinks and whites, at the foot of the princess's comfortable bed. Around the table, sitting on pillows, was Kobber and her 'party guests' - several stuffed animals plus Sølv whose gloomy demeanour contrasted with the jolly atmosphere of the chamber. Kobber was pouring out lukewarm tea into the finely crafted, bone china cups atop saucers that were laid out in front of her toys. By the time she got around to her sister, the golden-brown liquid was nothing but a few drops leaking from the spout.

"Oh, fudge! We're out of tea..." Kobber said as she removed the lid of the kettle to confirm her claim, trying to hide her strange glee from the fact she has depleted her brew. "Sølv...can you do your top-up thingy?"

"I know you take perverse delight in observing me refilling your container behind your innocent disposition, dear sister. Your efforts to hide your base-intentions are futile." Sølv sighed as she stood up from kneeling and got up onto the table with both her feet, trying to keep her balance. "However, I also take the same perverse delight in being surveyed as I refresh the contents of the kettle. I will give into my base desires."

The younger twin lifted up her dress, slow revealling her elegant, pasty legs and her lacy, inky underwear emblazoned with a purple nightshade design. She moved them aside to expose her plump labia, spreading them apart with her free hand and bearing her tight-looking inner pussy. Kobber blushed as she watched her sister show off her private parts in such a casual manner. It would not be the first or even the second time. 

The reason that Sølv is so accepting to play with Kobber is not out of any familial love, it is because Kobber is so accepting to the Goth's depraved, incestuous activities. After all, it makes both of them happy so it is as if it is all just another game to the imbecilic, copper-haired princess even if she does not fully understand the implications of what's going on. Of course, Sølv made sure to let Kobber know that this was their little secret, something they will both take with them to the graves though the chatterbox had to be persuaded to keep things undisclosed via a mixture of promises for more of her 'games' and threats involving a fire spell and Mr. Brennbar, her favourite teddy bear.

Kobber slid the empty teapot between her sisters legs, directly below her, knowing full-well what she Sølv was about to do as they had done something similar before not too long ago which Kobber found ever so fun and wanted to experience again. The darker princess's urethra flexed just before a stream of light yellow fluid escaped out, landing into the teapot with incredible accuracy, though a couple of droplets splashed out and left darkened spots on the tablecloth. Kobber blushed and giggled as she watched her sister urinate into the kettle, hearing the fluid burble as it filled the pot and feeling her crotch get warm though Sølv's expression remained unchanged.

"That's a lot of wee today, sis!" Kobber said as Sølv continued to empty her bladder.

"I'll never understand why you get deviated arousal from merely watching me do something so mundane and vile." Sølv commented casually. "But to be fair...I'll never understand why I get aroused from being watched as I do it..."

The stream gradually got weaker and turned into a trickle, only managing to replenish a fraction of the kettle's previous volume. Kobber was kind enough to use her handkerchief to wipe away any lingering moisture around Sølv's lower lips. The younger twin readjusted her clothing and knelt back down on her pillow as if nothing happened and Kobber began to pour out the lemon-tinged liquid into both her own and her sister's cups before hooking her finger in the cup's handle and bringing it up to her mouth for a quiet sip of Sølv's bodily fluid, savouring the strong, bitter taste of fresh piss upon it touching her tongue.

"Mmm, delicious!" Kobber said after swallowing her drink. "Your wee-tea is the best, sis!" Sølv remained silent and did not acknowledge Kobber's words. The Goth princess gripped her mug and took a swig, swirling her own urine in her mouth before spitting it back out into the container, getting hotter under her collar from the filthy act though still trying to keep her faded-skinned expressions composed as best she could. Kobber shrugged and took another graceful quaff.

"It's not healthy to actually consume it like that, my cretinous sister." Sølv breathed out.

"Aw, but it's so yummy..." Kobber whined. "Will it make me ugly!? Princesses can't be ugly!"

"Does it matter? It is mere flesh." Sølv replied. "But to answer your empty question, your physical appearance shall remain unaltered."

"Oh, goodie!" The older twin ingested some more piss. "Um...Sølv?"

"What is it now, my simple sibling?" Sølv said with somewhat of an annoyed tone.

"My flower is getting warm...can you make me feel good?"

"On the bed, let's get this over with." Sølv sighed and once again, stood back up. Kobber squeed in excitement and jumped onto her queen-sized mattress, bottom first. 

Kobber gracefully fell to her back onto the goose-feather duvet, resting on the pillows as her poofy, reddish-brown hair fluffed-up and perfectly framed around her head. Sølv climbed on the bed after her, kneeling at her sister's feet. The gloomy princess held Kobber's shins and raised up her legs, making her older twin let out a nervous but excited peep as her dress fell down towards her waist as her lower body was lifted, revealling a pair of modest, frilly bloomers. Kobber hid her rosy face and gleeful grin behind her hands as Sølv grabbed a fistful of the cloth, yanking her underwear down her sleek, thick thighs to uncover her pussy. The dark princess immediately shoved two of her fingers into the somewhat more innocent girl's slit, turning and sliding them in and out of her hole, making a schlicking sound as she preformed her raunchy act.

"Gods, you're soaking." Sølv said down to Kobber as she squealed with delight every time her sister rammed her digits into her hole. "Did guzzling down my waste really turn you on that much? That's lower than even the most debauched Monster District streetwalker..." Sølv grabbed onto Kobber's right breast with her free hand, making her joyfully mewl as it was fondled. Sølv pulled her fucking fingers out of her older sister's pussy. They glistened with sticky juices as Sølv brought them closer to her face before lashing her long tongue around the pair of digits, cleaning off the sweet and salty essence. Though her reactions remained non-existent, she was enjoying the taste immensely, squeezing her legs underneath her long, black gown as her vagina got moist as she played with her sibling.

Sølv looked down at Kobber's deliciously pink slit, sustaining her cool demeanour, trying not to lose herself to let loose and go mad over the yellow-dressed princess' private parts. Instead, Sølv slowly crouched her upper body downwards to Kobber's bottom half as she still held the auburn-haired girl's legs back, letting out a slight, warm exhale against her crotch which made Kobber laugh quietly. Sølv stuck her licker out and moved it up and down the stimulated cooter, parting the lower lips to make direct contact with what lay between them. Kobber let out cute wails as she was eaten out, holding onto the sides of Sølv's head to force her further into her cunt. Sølv's face was buried into Kobber's crotch, with her tongue worming its way partially into her moist cavern and with her nose among her dark-red pubic hair, smelling the sweet sweat emanating from it. 

"Sølv...It's nearly there..." Kobber murmured as she curled her toes. Sølv ignored her older twin's words again and remained fixated on her snatch, determined for her to release her sweet nectar. Not long after, Kobber let out a long, drawn-out yell of Sølv's name as she finally climaxed, holding her knees together as much as she could with them still being held back. Sølv noisily slurped up all the released honey coming from Kobber's pot, licking up and around her inner thighs, making sure she did not miss a single drop.

Sølv picked herself up onto her knees from the bed and wiped her face of quim with Kobber's handkerchief from earlier, throwing it to the side without any regard after she was finished with it.

"I'll take my leave..." Sølv mumbled. "Enjoy the rest of your pitiful, pointless life until our next confrontation..." The younger sister turned to the side to leave Kobber's presence.

"No fair, Sølv!" Kobber whined, tugging on her sister's hand to prevent her from going. "I wanna taste your flower too!" Sølv sighed.

"So be it..." The Goth princess stood up on the bed, lifting up her dress once more, removing her underwear from her hips and down to her knees, squatting over Kobber's face as the older sister laid back. Sølv's pussy hovered just a couple of scant centimetres above the lighter princess' mouth. Kobber grabbed hold of Sølv's thin knees to hoist her head up and delicately kiss her twin's cooch. The kissed turned into multiple soft licks, as Kobber expressed her delight upon sampling Sølv's pale, black-haired cunt through various noises made with her mouth as she ate out. Sølv gripped Kobber's hair roughly with her hands, causing her twin to wince as she practically sat on her face, biting her bottom lip and finally breaking character by making a few pleasured sounds before she curved her back and unceremoniously orgasmed, spewing her nectar into Kobber's mouth. The older twin licked at and around Sølv's genitalia with a blithe smile forming as she did before she was pushed away by the gloomy girl.

"Enough." Sølv whispered harshly before she side-stepped off the bed and back onto the solid, wooden floor, rearranging her disarrayed clothing and hair to a state similar to how she was when she first entered the room.

"Methinks it would be in your best interests to get yourself in presentable order, preferably before a chance encounter with mum or dad." Sølv advised her big sister. Kobber leaped up from the bed, tripping over her knickers that hanged loosely around her feet to give Sølv a warm cuddle.

"I had sooo much fun! Love you, sis!" Kobber squeed. Sølv just broke out of her hold and glided out the door silently back to her room. Kobber simply tittered and picked up her stuffed animals, talking to a a purple rabbit before putting it back on her bed where it belonged. "She's so quirky, huh, Mrs. Fyll?"

*****

Thank you for reading and I am sorry for any spelling or grammatical errors.