 For Elle the next year and a half sped by. He workload was lightened considerably thanks to Roger Duken's intervention. Prince Adam's best friend was the one man, aside from Adam's father, the king, who could cause the young prince to heel.

Roger explained that working Elle hard served no useful purpose. Yes, Elle was equal to all other slaves but she had entered her service willingly. To drive her as though she were a convicted criminal was neither fair nor gentlemanly. Roger also pointed out that if he continued to task Elle so thoroughly, she might come to resent Prince Adam and that might effect the passion she had for him and dampen her ardor when she made love to him. 

Appealing to both Prince's Adam's honor and libido was the right angle of attack. Roger and Prince Adam had become friends because Roger was the only one of their classmates at their exclusive school who was not awed by Adam's being second in line for the throne. Adam had never before met one who could see through all of the pomp and preening of his position to see Adam the man and not Adam the prince.

The two had enlisted in the army upon graduation and drove each other to excel and make rank early. Like steel and flint, they sharpened each other and had become more than he had previously been. The fathers of both men saw how their shared friendship had matured and strengthened their sons. Both men looked upon their son's friend as another surrogate son. King Julius had advised Prince Adam to always heed Roger's advice. Roger's father had issued the same edict to his own son about Adam. 

Seeing the error of his ways Adam apologized to Elle. He gave her as many freedoms as he could, dressed her in finer clothes and became even more tender towards her. Elle was beyond grateful to Roger for improving her life. After Roger's heart to heart talk, Adam truly was a better, more tender lover. Elle found herself falling even more deeply in love with her owner. However, she came to love Roger even more. Elle could not express her gratitude to Roger deeply enough when Adam was recalled to duty and Elle was back in the young man's company. 

For Elle, the single most amazing week of her captivity came when Adam stayed for a week at Roger's estate. The three of them took turns sharing their love for each other. Prince Adam and Roger Duken alternated the nights each slept with Elle. The former princess thought that there could be nothing more satisfying than spending the afternoon making love to one man and the evening of the same day making love to the other! With a start Elle realized that her desires would make her seem a wanton woman if she were not a slave! She laughed to herself as she remembered her life as a sheltered princess. "Not that long ago, intimacy was an utter mystery to me. Now I simply can not get enough of it!" 

But all such idylls must have their end. Elle thought that her new soft life and sexual fulfillment would end when Prince Adam began courting future mates. Against this fate, Adam could do little. King Julius was adamant that his son select a wife despite his objections.

"I realize that you have a pretty little toy in the form of your slave." he informed his son soberly,"But you are not and never were an ordinary man. You have royal obligations and duties, one of which is to make yourself a marriage that is of the political benefit to our realm. Remember, Adam, in a very real sense you ARE the state."

"But Sire..."

"It will do you no harm to meet these women, some are quite comely. Oh you may have to put your slave aside for a time but a royal wife understands that a husband has needs. Eventually you can pick up with her again."

"But father ..."

"Enough! The decision has been rendered."

Elle found herself in a most precarious position. One she dreaded. Elle begged Adam to send her to Roger's estate until it was safe for her to return to Juriland Castle.

"No, Pet, if I did that the world, and these women, would believe that I am ashamed of you and that I fear them. I fear no man or woman. I am proud of you, Pet and I do not regret even a single moment of out time together. No, any woman who wants to become my princess has to accept you as part of my life. That is non-negotiable." 

Elle was proud of Adam but she questioned the wisdom of the prince's noble stand. She feared for her own personal safety."He may not be afraid of these women but I most assuredly AM!" she thought to herself. Poisonings and other "accidents" occurred in royal palaces all the time. Elle vowed to be especially vigilant and beyond solicitous to these women, She knew that she would have to call on all the grace and tact that she possessed in order to survive.

Two weeks later the first, royal suitor arrived. She was Claudia of Kasseria, a minor kingdom with a large treasury. Spying from the shadows, Elle saw a short, plump, raven haired girl about her own age. With an ache, Elle realized that if she were still a princess, she herself would be exploring a political marriage of her own. The thought saddened Elle and she forced it away. Claudia's face was lovely, and she had an endearing smile. Prince Adam towered over her. In all, she was not a great beauty, but many men have settled for far worse.

Claudia toured the castle with Adam as the two chatted and tried to establish a rapport. Elle could tell that her owner and lover was not impressed with this woman but he was polite to a fault and generous with his time. At dinner, Elle was mixed in with the wait staff and assigned to Claudia. While they dined, Adam introduced, Elle as "My slave, my prize possession." 

Claudia's eyes crawled over Elle's tall, lithe form and shot back daggers. All the while, Claudia's smile never dimmed. Elle curtsied and smiled at the visiting royal but it was obvious that no love was lost between the women. After dinner, Claudia serenaded Adam on several musical instruments and the two played chess until bedtime. Because it would be her role, if Elle were accepted s part of the marriage, Elle followed Claudia to her quarters to bathe the woman and prepare her for bed.

"Slave, if my senses and intuition do not fail me, I sense that there is a great deal of passion between you and Adam. I am not in the habit of being stripped and bathed by royal whores but I expect you to de an excellent job in seeing to my needs."

Claudia gazed up at Elle, ran her sharp and pointed fingernails along the slave's right cheek and menacingly said,

"It would be a shame if anything were to happen to your loveliness." 

Ignoring the threat, Elle carefully undressed Claudia and respectfully hung up her fine silk dress. Naked, Claudia reminded Elle of sawdust-filled doll she had owned as a child. Like that doll, Claudia was round everywhere. Her breasts were plump and ample, not perky and firm like Elle's own. Her belly was round, looking a bit like a woman early in pregnancy, Her legs, hands, and arms were shapely enough but all tended towards roundness. Elle doubted that Adam would find Claudia's body the least bit enticing. 

Carefully and dutifully, Elle bathed Claudia in the huge tub in the bathroom off of her bed chamber.

"Whore, how often do you lie with Prince Adam?" Claudia asked while she soaked.

"Perhaps that question is better asked of my Master, your highness." said Elle defensively.

"Oh, you are a sly one. Unveil yourself!"

With trepidation Elle allowed her silk camisole to flutter to the floor. As instructed, she turned and bent as Claudia wished. Elle never felt as naked. At last Claudia instructed Elle to re-dress.

"You are quite beautiful. I am sure that Prince Adam enjoys having such a nimble young whore. Listen to me, slave. If Adam invites me to live in this castle as his wife, the first thing I will change about him is his need for you! While I am sure that you can spread your legs with aplomb, once Adam has lain with a princess, I am sure he will see the wisdom in selling you off. Perhaps to the salt mines of Ree?" Claudia then laughed uproariously. Elle was never so happy as when she was dismissed for the evening. 

Elle was in tears as she reported to Adam's chambers very late that night. 

"Oh, Master, it was horrible! I had to smile while she called me a whore to my face and threatened me with banishment."

Adam held Elle in his arms and stroked her lovingly as he kissed her tears away.

"Pet, clearly she is not the one for me. I can judge how fit a potential bride is for me by how she treats you. Pet, you are so sweet and kind, no normal person could ever hate you or wish you evil, if they can not see your goodness, then I can see no goodness in them." 

"Oh, Master!" gushed Elle.

Over the next few days, Elle watched her prince be especially courteous to Claudia. He was so kind to the visiting royal that Elle could tell that Claudia actually believed that she had a chance with Prince Adam. Adam would praise Claudia's beauty or poise and she would smile broadly and, when she believed that Adam was not watching, Claudia would sneer at Elle and make rude gestures towards her. Elle smiled inwardly at the sly game being played by her prince. Together, Prince and slave shared a laugh once Claudia had departed from the castle.

The next two royal female visitors to the castle were nowhere near as harsh to Elle. One was a redhead from a far northern Empire. She had skin so fair as to be almost translucent and large green eyes. Elle thought her very pretty. The other was just Elle's height with a similar dress size and curly brown hair. Only a large, horse like jaw prevented her from being truly lovely. Both envied Elle's beauty, but were polite to her. Elle sensed some coldness but no overt hostility from the women. The first asked Elle for tips on winning Adam's heart. The second was very forthright, 

"I would like a year with Prince Adam to myself, slave. Once I am with child I could tolerate your returning to his bed. Provided that you did not engage in affection before my eyes." 

Elle realized that that might be the best possible outcome for her. Adam valued the opinion of Elle and the two discussed the attributes of both women. As for the prince, while he found each of the women desirable in some aspects, he found spark and spontaneity lacking in their conversations. He was non-committal on both. 

"I can not decide on either of those women, perhaps I may not have to. We are scheduled to be visited by Duchess Paulina from Deusenstadt. For many years her country has sought an alliance with Juriland. Her country's army is large and excels at mobility; complimenting our own very nicely. Further, we have many mutual interests as nations. My father wants this alliance most. Best of all, Pet, I am told that she is golden haired and a truly spectacular beauty!"

Elle felt a tinge of jealousy and it showed upon her face.

"Pet, do not worry, there will ALWAYS be room in my heart for you.! Come give me a kiss." 

Duchess Paulina was indeed beautiful. Unlike the previous visitors, Elle felt that Paulina was far more beautiful than herself, she had flowing hair the color of straw. She was taller than Elle and had a stunning figure and impossibly blue eyes. "This woman can take my Master away from me." Elle thought to herself glumly. Elle successfully hid her emotions as she waited on the Duchess. Up close she was even more lovely. When Adam introduced Elle, Paulina replied with,

"I am very pleased to meet you." She eyed Elle head to toe and continued, "My host has most exquisite taste in women. You must leave a powerful impression upon Adam's soul." As Paulina spoke, she stared at Elle with a friendliness and intensity that unnerved the young slave. Elle felt a stirring in herself she had not experienced the best moments of her stay amongst the female slaves in the outbuilding. When Elle's skin made contact with Paulina's the slave felt a pleasant flutter. 

Duchess Paulina was an accomplished singer. Every ear in the room thought hers the sweetest voice they had ever heard. After her performance Paulina and Adam met in private. Elle was astonished when, a few hours later, she was summoned into the private room to join them.

"Come, slave, I will not bite." said Paulina as Elle entered the chamber. Shortly the slave was seated at the table, sharing tea with her Master and the woman who sought his hand. 

"Relax. I want to get to know the both of you.' said Paulina. "The way that Adam speaks of you, he must think very highly of you. If I were lucky enough to one day be asked to reside in this castle, the three of us will be spending a great deal of time together and I want us all to get along. I'm not the jealous type and I hope that you are not either. After a pause she continued. "May I call you, Pet as Adam does?"

"I would like that your highness."

Elle lost track of time as the three chatted as though they were friends of long acquaintance. Elle spoke of Roger Duken. She spoke about her joys and frustrations, her fight against hopelessness, and always of her love for Prince Adam.

"Sweet child, what a remarkable story you tell. What a remarkable woman you are.' said Paulina in soothing manner as she stroked Elle's bare arm.

After the trio was all talked out, Elle led Duchess Paulina to her private chambers. Elle could not help but notice that just before they parted, when this female visitor offered her lips to Prince Adam, he delicately kissed them. In the private bedroom, Elle turned up the lights and made a motion to prepare a bath for the royal guest. Paulina stopped her.

"Wait Pet, there is something I want to give you."

Elle stood dazed as Paulina's taller body loomed above hers. The Duchess wrapped her arms around Elle. Instinctively, the slave turned her lips upward. The kiss hit with the fury of a thunder strike. Elle gasped and Paulina smiled. 

"When you were with the female slaves in the slave barn was it ENTIRELY unpleasant?" Asked Paulina while wearing a wicked leer. 

Elle struggled for breath, "No, your highness, not all of it." she was at last able to croak out.

"I thought as much." Replied Paulina. After a sequence of long, deep kisses The Duchess spoke again.

"I will be brutally honest with you, Pet. My father wants the alliance with Juriland so desperately he has essentially ordered me to use my every feminine wile on Prince Adam to get him to the altar. Prince Adam is handsome, charming and well built. I am sure that he will make a perfectly adequate husband. I like a good roll in the hay with the right man. I am sure that Adam will be eager to please, however I have always preferred female company, Do you understand my meaning, Pet?"

Beyond dazed, Elle was only able to nod her head in agreement.

"Good. I had heard that Adam has a slave he is quite fond of. I never imagined that she would be so, so, invigorating! I can do the Princess act standing on my head but unless I get the kind of release that I NEED. I tend to be a grumpy girl. I never imagined that visiting Prince Adam would have such an intoxicating side benefit."

Elle felt certain that her bones would melt away inside her body and that she would be reduced to a puddle upon the floor as Paulina stepped away from her.

"Take off your clothes, Pet and then very slowly undress me. I will tell you what I want as you remove my clothing." stated the Duchess matter of factually. 

It seemed to Elle an eternity passed between the time she began to move her hands to the straps of her camisole and when the garment finally fluttered to the floor.

"Enchanting, Pet! Most enchanting!" enthused the taller blonde woman.

Elle fought to gain control of her hands as she worked the stays on Paulina's gown. As Elle performed her duties, Paulina instructed Elle on how to kiss and stroke her skin. When at least Paulina was naked, Elle beheld a slim taut body with an enchanting large bust that Elle admired. Paulina's legs were long and very fine, her hourglass figure seemed carved from a fine marble. Without being told, Elle knelt and began to gently insert and withdraw her tongue from Paulina's honey furred crotch. 

Paulina pulled Elle to her feet and pulled her onto the huge bed. As Elle had never done before, she savored every moment of intimacy with a woman. She was very proud of herself when she heard the striking blonde woman moan with delight. Spent, Elle tumbled into Paulina's arms.

The two women remained in each others arms for a passage of time before Paulina rose. 

"Pet, my sweet, have you ever used one of these before?"

Paulina went to her luggage and returned with a long object. Upon closer inspection Elle determined that it was made of stone and fashioned to look like a double headed phallus. Elle had never before encountered such a device, nor did she imagine that such tools existed. In fascination, the former princess watched as Paulina slid one end of the object into her quim. Instantly, Elle deduced the nature of the device. Delightedly, she centered her body on the bed and parted her legs.

Elle could not believe the wonderful sensations coursing through her body. It was like being with a man, but somehow even more enjoyable. At times Paulina's breasts danced and jiggled enticingly as she rode the suddenly wiser slave, At other times Paulina's and Elle's breasts compressed against each other wonderfully as the Duchess held her close. Elle savored the kisses and loving nibbles of the exotic visitor. An orgasm unlike any previous, flowed through Elle's body. A moment later, Elle spied and heard Paulina's sweet gasps of pleasure for the second time. 

As Elle bathed the visitor, in the huge tub the two chatted softly.

"Pet, you are quite wonderful. If I did not know better I would say that you are an old and experienced hand at female love."

"It is very different with you your highness." 

"Thank you, Pet. Tomorrow night I intend to seduce Prince Adam. Perhaps you can soften him up by singing my praises?" asked Paulina solicitously.

"I would be delighted to your highness." 

It was very late when Elle stumbled into Prince Adam's chambers. The young prince awoke from his slumber, rubbed his eyes and asked softly,

"Well, you certainly took your time. Pet, What kept you so long?"

"Forgive me, Master. You know how women like to chat."

"I take it then that you very much like our visitor?" asked Adam.

"Oh, Master, I think that she is divine!" 

Despite the hour, Prince Adam decided that he wanted to make love to his slave. Not too much later Elle moaned with pleasure, but her mind was already envisioning future nights with Paulina. The most delightful dreams of her captivity passed through her mind that night. Elle's enormous grin delighted the innocent Prince.