 The characters in this story are over the age of 18.

This is my second ever story, and my first ever story that I hope to turn into a multi-part series. If you like it, let me know and I'll start uploading the rest. If you don't like it, let me know why and I'll try and re-work it so it's more acceptable.

...

At 3pm, one by one, groups of nude women all came into the cafeteria and grabbed an empty metal tray, and formed a line to get their meal. Zoe was in front of the gang, followed by Charlotte, then Momma, then Titch, and finally Dragon. Each held an empty dinner tray, each ready to be filled.

Just before the girls reached the food, Zoe turned her head back to Charlotte.

"Don't worry, the food's not too bad. As long as you make sure it's dead before you eat it, it won't kill ya." Zoe joked.

"Oh she's just kidding sweetie." Momma chimed in. "But if you really don't like it then I'll whip you up something yummy to eat." Momma gave Charlotte a little slap on her right ass cheek and giggled.

The line shuffled forward and Charlotte stood in front of one of the dinner ladies. behind the counter were a few prisoners, each doing their own jobs preparing the food. One thing that stood out was the fact that they weren't all totally naked, they each wore an apron, which ironically, made them seem more naked.

The food was dumped on to all of the trays and the women took their seats at one of the tables. Mash potato, carrots, peas, a small slab of some kind of meat, and a single slice of white bread. As prison food goes, this wasn't half bad, if not a little bland.

Zoe sat next to Charlotte, with Titch, Momma, and Dragon on the other side of the table facing them, and they all started consuming their meals.

"So how you feelin', bein' naked this long?" Zoe asked Charlotte as she shovelled a forkful of mash potato into her mouth before swallowing it.

"O-Oh, well umm, I don't know. 'Awkward' would be a good word to describe how I'm feeling I guess." Charlotte replied.

"Don't worry, you get used to it. Give it time and eventually you'll forget what it feels like to wear clothes." Zoe said. "Besides, who would wanna cover this rockin' bod?" Suddenly, Zoe shuffled closer to Charlotte so that the sides of their bare asses and thighs were touching, and Zoe wrapped her left arm across Charlotte's back, placing her hand on her hip.

Charlotte felt tense at the sudden contact, but Zoe reassured her that she had nothing to worry about.

"Ah, still a little tense I see. Don't worry babe, we'll look after you and make you feel right at home." Zoe brushed a strand of hair out of Charlotte's face and kissed her on the cheek before giving her a warm smile. Just like before, when Momma cuddled her on the courtyard, Charlotte felt a sense of relief and comfort, and she began to relax a little more. She picked up her fork and began to eat her meal.

"So, why are we all naked anyway?" Charlotte asked the group.

"Oh!" Momma replied. "That's to keep us all from hurting each other."

"You know how in some prisons, inmates would hide a shank in their clothes..." Titch chimed in. "...well that doesn't happen here. Got nowhere to hide anything like that when you're dressed like this." Titch leaned back to show off her bare chest. "The only things that'll stab into you are fingers, tongues, dildos, strap-ons, and Catalina."

"Catalina?" Charlotte asked.

The group fell silent for a few moments. Everyone looked around the table at each other. Zoe was the only one to comment. "Don't you worry about Catalina. She's in Titch's cell block. When we see her, we'll let you know."

Charlotte didn't know how to take that. Was Catalina a bully in here? Was she one of the guards? Or was she a dangerous prisoner? The fact that the others didn't even want to talk about her frightened Charlotte more than if they had straight up told her what Catalina's deal is.

The group all went back to eating their meals. The way they ate really showed their personalities. Titch would mix up her food as much as she could and eat forkfuls at a time. Momma would rearrange her food to make it look presentable before eating any of it. Dragon would carefully impale each food item on to her fork in a shish-kebab style so that all the food groups were on her fork at one time before eating it. Zoe didn't seem to care what she ate, showing her relaxed nature.

All around the cafeteria, the majority of prisoners would eat their meals, chat, and not much else, but elsewhere, you would spot a few inmates engaged in all different kinds of sexual acts.

One woman had spread mash potato all over her tits and had another woman eat and lick it all off. Another pair of women didn't even touch their food for the most part, instead, they were too busy sticking their tongues down each other's throats and wrapping their arms around one another. One table seemed to be acting normal enough; ten women sat round a table, five on each side, eating their meals, each chatting with the woman opposite them, until it was made apparent that under the table sat another group of ten women, each with their heads buried into the crotches of the women sitting at the table.

"So, umm, what is there to do in here?" Charlotte asked the group.

"Well..." Zoe replied. "Apart from fuckin' each other, or yourself, there's not too much going on in here."

"Ooh! There's a library!" Momma spoke up excitedly. "But most of the books in their are porn mags."

"There's a gym. That's where a lot of people spend their time." Zoe said.

"There is a wood work shop." Dragon chimed in.

"Yeah. Made a lot of dildos in there." Titch replied with a cheeky grin.

Momma gave Titch a little shove for that comment.

"Don't you listen to her. You can make whatever you want in that workshop. I've made a few kitten statuettes." Momma said with a proud smile on her face.

"There's a small lounge area with a TV. Most women in here just watch the news and fuck themselves to the news anchor." Zoe said. "If you manage to get the remote then there's a few movie channels you can watch."

"Don't forget Friday..." Titch said. "...we've got the Alien marathon.

"Fuck yeah!" Zoe and Titch high-fived from across the table. Zoe and Titch's breasts jiggled as the two hands made contact, and jiggled again as they both slumped back down.

"But yeah, other than that, there's not a whole lot going on in this place. There's some board games in the lounge and that's about it." Zoe told Charlotte.

"Don't forget about the cooking room!" Momma spoke up. "I love it in there. They have all the ingredients I need to make my special brownies. Well... nearly everything." She said with a sly wink.

Another 40 inutes went buy and the gang chit-chatted the whole time and finished their trays. Another bell rang signalling the end of lunch.

...

7pm rolled around, which meant it was time for all prisoners to take a shower. Three dozen women went into the wash room, all from Cell Block D; Zoe and Charlotte's cell block. Charlotte chose a shower head to stand under and let the hot water wash over her. It had been a long day and it felt good to finally get washed up. Despite being surrounded by naked women, she felt alone. The noise of the water hitting her and the floor drowned out all other noises, and she was left with her thoughts.

Her new friends didn't seem all that bad. The food didn't seem that bad. The other prisoners didn't try to harass her. The guards didn't try to bully her. Overall, the prison didn't seem that bad. But still, Charlotte couldn't shake the fact that this was her life now for the next five years. Even if nothing bad happened during that time, how would she be able to rejoin society after being completely naked for five whole years? The thought of her living her normal life outside was perverted by the thought that one day, she may forget to wear clothes when she went out shopping one day after being so used to being nude in here. Even if she could carry on her life as normal after this, she would still be an ex-convict.

As silly as these thoughts were, they couldn't help but linger in Charlotte's mind. Just as she reached for the soap to clean herself, another hand grabbed it first. It was Zoe's.

"Why don't you let me help you?" Zoe offered.

With that, she squirted the liquid soap into her hands and began to run them over Charlotte's body, starting with her gorgeous breasts, cupping them both with each hand, rubbing them together, lathering them up, and letting her thumbs flick over her nipples.

Charlotte let out a sharp gasp. She looked Zoe dead in the eye as Zoe stepped forward. Her hands continued to rub over Charlotte's DD sized breasts. She rubbed them in an outward circular motion before reaching behind Charlotte and taking hold of each of her ass cheeks, never letting her hands break contact with her body. Zoe held Charlotte tighter, pressing each other's tits together as she moved her arms around Charlotte's back, covering it in soap and hot water.

The two women were now directly in front of each other, their slippery naked bodies pressed together with each other's arms roaming around the other's back. Zoe quickly leaned in and the two engaged in a deep passionate kiss, and she swirled her tongue around Charlotte's.

"Was this really happening?" Charlotte thought to herself. Besides the cliche of women in prison being muscled, lesbian prison showers was another cliche. At the back of her mind, she knew something like this was bound to happen, but she didn't expect it to be so... sensual. She couldn't help but hold her tighter.

Zoe lifted up her left leg and wrapped it around Charlotte's hips and rested the sole of her bare left foot on the back of her left thigh as their tongues swirled effortlessly around each other. Her fingers reached behind Charlotte and spread her ass cheeks open just a little, yet just enough for her to play with Charlotte's asshole with the tip of her index finger. As Zoe's finger swirled around in a circular motion around her asshole, Charlotte's breathing got heavier.

The kiss was broken by Zoe who began gently rubbing her wet naked breasts up and down Charlotte's, moving her whole body up and down yet still remaining eye contact, before eventually slipping all the way down between her legs. Zoe opened her mouth wide and engulfed Charlotte's bald pussy with her mouth, letting her tongue swirl around it as it did in her mouth. Charlotte placed one hand against the wall to steady herself. Her boyfriend had gone down on her before, but it never felt nearly as good as this.

Zoe's tongue was magical. It would enter her vagina, swirl around the inside as deep as it would go, and then it would come out to flick her clit with the tip before going back in. After five minutes of this, Charlotte eventually found herself on the floor on her back. Zoe removed her mouth from Charlotte's pussy, inserted two fingers and began fingering her. She climbed on top of Charlotte and the two fell into another long kiss, tongues swirling as they did before. Charlotte could taste her own pussy on Zoe's tongue. Zoe's fingers kept pumping in and out of Charlotte.

"I...I...I'm cummi- I'm cumming!" Charlotte panted out.

Zoe kept pumping her fingers in and out as fast as she could, planting another wet sloppy kiss on Charlotte's mouth.

"Zoe I'm gonna cum!" Charlotte's leg quivered as orgasmed and squirted all over Zoe's hand.

The two women lay there on the floor, with Zoe's naked soapy body on top of Charlotte's equally wet body. With her arms and legs wrapped around Zoe, Charlotte began to slow her breathing and calm down as the shower rained on top of them. Zoe's hands explored Charlotte's body, caressing all the places she could reach in this position.

After a few minutes of wet cuddling on the floor of the prison showers, all inmates were told to dry and were escorted back to their cell blocks and into their cells. Zoe took Charlotte's hand and they both walked back to their cell together.

...

Back in their cell block, Charlotte stood inside her cell and held on to the bars, looking around at the other cells in the room. Her heart gently sunk as she reflected yet again on how this was her new life. As much as she enjoyed the company of her new friends, and the company of her 'girlfriend', the thought of a jail cell being her new home didn't sit right with her.

"Babe, come to bed." Zoe beckoned from behind.

Zoe was already in the single bed under the blanket. Charlotte stood for a few more seconds before slightly dropping her head down. Being in prison is just something she's going to have to get used to now. She turned around and made her way to the bed. As she got there, Zoe flipped the blanked open and shuffled back a bit, giving Charlotte some space to get it. Once she was in, Zoe flopped the blanket back down and cuddled up to Charlotte.

"Don't worry, I've been there." Zoe whispered. "I know it feels like your life is over. Like things wont be the same after this. Like you'll be in here forever. You wont be."

Zoe cupped both of Charlotte's breasts and began to spoon her. "Like I said this morning; this place isn't that bad. If things get rough, I'll be there to protect you. That's why I call you my girlfriend. I want to keep you safe." Zoe placed a kiss on to Charlotte's cheek. "I felt the same way my first time in here. To tell you the truth, the worst thing in here is boredom. The guards don't care too much about what goes on in here, as long as we ain't killin' each other. And warden Dane spends all her time in her office gettin' fucked by her 'boyfriend-of-the-week'."

Charlotte let out a little giggle at that. Zoe kissed her on the shoulder and squeezed her a little tighter.

"See? There you go. You're relaxin' already. Look, we'll get some sleep, and tomorrow we'll do something that you'll enjoy, my treat." Zoe said, planting another kiss on Charlotte's cheek before closing her eyes.

"Thank you Zoe." Charlotte replied with a small yet thankful smile.

"Don't mention it. Now come on babe, let's get some shut eye."

The two fell into each other's embrace and drifted off to sleep.

...

END OF PART 3