 Ms. Michelle Lewis could hardly teach her Chemistry class as her body trembled and pussy dampened in her navy dress pants as she thought of her fellow teacher, Ms. Amelia Parks. The only "chemistry" she wanted at that time was with Amelia! 

Amelia was in her mid-30's and was the most beautiful woman Michelle had laid eyes on. Her long, straight, dark brown hair that laid over her back, deep, piercing aqua gems for irises, perky breasts, and toned ass drove Michelle wild but she dared not say anything. Amelia also would text her at random times to check on her, buy her gifts and cards on special occasions, and gave her teaching advice. She was always there for her when Michelle needed an ear or a shoulder to use as tissue. And the sentiments were mutual. 

It was April and Amelia began teaching at Carlton High School the previous August. The two girls were inseparable as they chatted about fashion, guys, and TV while they went to lunch twirling spaghetti around their forks or crunching on lettuce in their salads. 

Michelle wondered what she would think knowing another woman wanted to have sex with her? Maybe she had experience and could teach her a few things? Michelle had been with other women herself but was curious about this particular woman. None were quite like her. 

But, if Amelia said no, what would that do to their friendship? 

Michelle was saddened because the thought of making a move locked her up. She became frozen in ice every time the thought passed through her mind. She was a dozen years younger than Amelia and if she was into women, would she be into one her age?  

Michelle and Amelia had another lunch date today and this would be the day Michelle made her desires known unlike the last 5 days she failed to do it! She was going to do it today because she was losing her mind! 

"Okay, class," Michelle said as she stood before six rows of desks with five students each, "study the Periodic Table as we will have a quiz first thing in the morning! There are thirty minutes left in class so use this time wisely!" 

She zipped to her desk, plopped into her high back brown leather chair, and whipped her cell phone out of her handbag, which was stuffed into her desk drawer. 

There was a text from her sexy friend and Michelle giggled to herself like a schoolgirl sitting in one of those desks in her classroom. She opened the message... 

"I'm sorry. I can't make lunch today. Something came up!" 

Michelle's giggles disappeared and she was filled with disappointment. Why did she cancel today? Today! No! She wanted to cry! This wasn't happening! 

Michelle texted back, "Why?" but no reply came back. Ugh. 

She wasn't going to let it go that easily but 30 minutes had to pass for lunch to come and when it did, she was going to get her answers. 

She pulled out her compact mirror and checked herself for the hundredth time. Her full-tooth smile was shining and pearly white. Her hair was light brown, wavy, and pulled into a ponytail and her skin was lightly tanned. Her navy eye shadow that matched her pants was applied without flaw. Her little button nose was cute but no, wait was that a hair coming out of her nose? She was so paranoid she was seeing things that weren't there. 

She pinched her sides through her blouse and her legs as if to check her body fat percentage. She had some chub but not much. She stared at her brown sugar colored eyes in the mirror and sighed, hoping Amelia found her attractive. 

When the bell rang for lunch, students flooded the halls. Michelle slithered through the hungry horde towards Amelia's Geography class. 

After navigating the maze of students, she found herself at her desire's class where Amelia was startled when she looked up from her desk and noticed Michelle. 

"Michelle! I didn't expect to see you," she said. 

"Why not?" Michelle asked as she swayed her hips while entering her classroom. "Did you think I wouldn't want to know why you cancelled on me?" 

"I'm sorry. I didn't get a chance to text you back." 

Amelia was acting strangely and fidgeting and even a fool could have noticed. "Well, I'm here now. Do you want to talk about something?" 

Amelia ran her fingers through her hair and avoided eye contact. "We can go to the teacher's lounge." 

Not exactly what Michelle had in mind. There wouldn't be much privacy to play if she accepted her proposal. Maybe that was the point. 

"Uh, sure..." Michelle said lacking the excitement she was hoping to have. 

They made the stroll down to end of the hall to the lounge. Michelle lagged behind a bit and watched her ass pushing against her black skirt. She wanted so much to see what her ass looked like without all that covering hiding it and imagined herself pulling down the zipper in the rear to do just that. 

Her legs, cut and toned, partially covered by black boots, protruded from her skirt and Michelle could hardly divert her gaze from them. 

Amelia walked with such grace and confidence but that was only part of the reason Michelle was so nervous and her tummy was grinding. What did Amelia want to discuss? 

When they entered the lounge, an air conditioned chill swirled around them. There were some ragged, brown and burnt orange couches and a round wooden coffee table in the middle. In a small room in the rear were drink and snack machines, a refrigerator, and a microwave. There were a few staff members passing through but none seemed too focused on the ladies as they lowered themselves to one of the sofas and faced each other. 

Being this close to Amelia had Michelle so aroused and her nipples hardened, which could have been seen through her blouse if someone looked hard enough. She tugged on her top button ever so innocently with trembling fingers to open that blouse a little more and reveal more of the curve of her tits that wanted to leap out. She noticed Amelia's gaze drop for a moment but it was quick as she returned to Michelle's eyes. 

"So, um, what I wanted to talk about was..." Amelia began but she swallowed hard and choked. 

"What is it, hon?" Michelle asked as she was crumbling to dust but trying to keep it together. Her natural and tantalizing sweet aroma made her want to taste her skin, her lips. 

Amelia lowered her tone to just over a whisper. "Well, I know what you want but I don't think I can. I've only ever been with guys, you know. We can stay friends, though." 

Amelia twirled some of her hair around a finger and shifted her eyes in all directions. 

Michelle's emotions twisted up. Was she that obvious? She never made a move! Was it how she looked at Amelia? How she touched her legs when they talked? 

She sighed and fought tearing up as best she could. There was some uncertainty in Amelia's body language and she clung to the hope she could convince her that some girl/girl fun was not only okay but a wonderful thing. 

"We have such a great connection that I thought we would be great as more than friends. You're beautiful and I like you a lot, Amelia." 

Amelia's jade green eyes shifted upward and aside again as if some part of her was considering it. 

Michelle stroked Amelia's thigh and Amelia nervously laughed. "Ha, you mean you find this older lady attractive?" 

"Older?" Michelle scoffed as she slid her cotton-like hand over her legs. "You're still in your 30's and you hardly have a wrinkle! Besides, we're like the same person." 

Amelia grabbed her hand like she was about to move it but Michelle kept caressing her legs and her resistance was melting. "I'll have to, um, think about it." 

Michelle leaned closer, squinted, and spoke in her bedroom voice. "You enjoy being touched all over like this." She traced the tips of her fingers over Amelia's arms, surely causing the tiny hairs to stand up. "And this..." Michelle massaged her legs up to her skirt's edge and slid her hand under her it to her mid-thigh. 

When Michelle's ears captured the squeak of the door's hinges, she withdrew her hand, barely brushing her skin as she did. 

Amelia sucked in a deep breath and hopped to her feet. "I, um, have to do something important!" 

She walked over to the doorknob and grabbed it but glanced back at Michelle. 

Michelle nibbled on a fingernail and smiled at her. Her blood was hot and racing and she wanted Amelia like right then! 

Amelia shot back a half-grin as she left but that was it. Michelle sighed. 

A couple of hours after school, Michelle was still at her desk in her empty class grading papers in red ink. Her pussy was raging with arousal, heated, and soaked from thinking about Amelia and how she knew she wanted to play with her. Her eyes all but said it and she was certain her lips would follow. 

Michelle dropped her pen and surveyed the room. The door was closed and her desk was in the corner across the room. She was overflowing with so much arousal that she had to do something about it and couldn't wait any longer! 

She unbuttoned and unzipped her pants revealing her dark blue panties. She slid a couple of fingers in and when she brushed her pussy through the satin, she wanted to explode. She rubbed herself with more intensity, tossed her head back, and quietly moaned. 

Her legs filled with sexual intensity and tightened. She spun her fingers faster and her eyelashes fluttered. 

She was imagining pressing her lips to Amelia's and twirling their tongues together. She would rub and squeeze her breasts, caress her tummy, play with her pussy, and grope her ass. 

Michelle slid her pants down a little more, just halfway to her knees, and pushed her panties lower to join them, which released an aroma of sexual sweetness. She slid her fingers over her clit and pussy and back up again. She rubbed herself like this again and she was squirming in her seat. 

She fingered herself and her juices sloshed within her and coated her digits. She fucked herself and moved her digits in circles. She pulled them out and went in deep, pulled out again, and in once more. She massaged her clit with her thumb and looked at the ceiling. 

She was driving closer and closer to orgasm and was breathing in quick, short gasps. She squeezed her breasts and twiddled a nipple as she continued giving attention to her clit. 

Her face was damp from the heat and she was reaching the climax when the creaking of the door caused her moment to crash and she whimpered and slapped the papers on her desk! 

She scrambled to get her panties and pants back up and straighten her blouse as her visitor revealed himself. 

Principal Marshall, and his slender frame, marched into the room. Michelle found his clean cut brown hair, facial scruff, and charm quite likeable, and he was quite single, but she had someone else on her mind this day. 

She picked at the pen and took it between her fingers. She looked as though she was still grading papers. 

He approached her desk but her head was lowered over the papers while she was moving the pen and whistling. 

Mr. Marshall stopped short of her. "Ms. Lewis, I can only dream that most teachers are dedicated like you but you really should go home. I promise not to get mad." 

Michelle shrugged, smiled, and kept grading papers. "I can't help it. I couldn't imagine doing anything else!" 

Mr. Marshall snatched the pen and her eyes bucked and mouth dropped. 

"It's Thursday. Go home and decide what you're going to do for the weekend. That wasn't advice or a suggestion, Ms. Lewis." 

"Oh, alright," she said as she pushed away from the desk and wrapped Mr. Marshall in an embrace. "I guess I should thank you for saving me from myself. I'll go as soon as I use the ladies' room." 

Mr. Marshall released her breathtaking squeeze. "Someone has to save you. Might as well be me. See you tomorrow." 

Mr. Marshall left the room. 

Michelle found herself grinning nonstop from an idea she had but she couldn't obey him—not yet. 

She stood in front of the window behind her desk. The sun surrounded by yellow, orange, and red-orange hues was headed beneath the horizon but she had to stay. 

Beneath her was Amelia running track with the team she coached in her gray, cotton Carlton High school shirt, black shorts, and ankle socks with running shoes. Watching her sweat, her hair flying in the wind, was beyond sexy and still teetering on the edge of sexually bursting, she had to have her. Amelia may have been the women's track coach but Michelle was intent on being coached on other things. 

Michelle's steps pitter-pattered to the first floor and she ran out back. 

By the time she got there, the students were dispersing signifying the end of practice and Amelia was headed for the locker room in the basement. 

Michelle followed her past the benches and lockers to her office. 

She realized how this must have looked, like she was obsessed with fucking Amelia, but if she hadn't sensed a flicker of interest, she wouldn't be doing this. 

Amelia happened to allow Michelle to borrow her pink comb. She had to give it back, right? It was a good a time as any... 

Michelle's heart was racing wildly as she leaned against the doorway. Amelia's athletic frame was damp, her shirt was sweat-stained, and she had a light feminine musk about her. 

The office was little more than an oak desk and dull gray concrete walls with cracks in them. There was a way Michelle thought they could liven up the room! 

Michelle cleared her throat loud enough for Amelia to hear. 

Amelia whipped her head around. "Michelle. I didn't know you were still here." 

"I had a pile of papers to grade. If I took them home, I would have fallen asleep and that same pile would be staring at me again tomorrow." 

Amelia sat on her desk and scooted back. "I understand that. I usually have the same dilemma." 

Michelle walked in and extended her comb. "I had to give you this, too." 

Amelia smiled as she took it and laid it next to her on the desk. "Um, hum. Is that all you wanted?" 

Michelle could feel that rush again between her legs. 

Her voice cracked. "N...no, unless you wanted something?" 

Amelia shook her head in the positive. "I did. Close the door." 

Michelle was bouncing for joy inside. Was it really about to happen? She always wanted her alone and she got it! She was hoping by some miracle Amelia would just take her and all would be well. 

She tried to keep her joy from spilling out. "Okay." 

Michelle pushed the door closed and stood in front of Amelia. She was about to cream herself. 

Amelia folded her arms over her body. Michelle could feel a bit of a coldness emitting from her and that drained her excitement quite a bit. 

Amelia crossed her legs but was touching her neck and arms. "Listen, Michelle, I was hoping we could just stay friends. I think sex with you would be kind of weird." 

Michelle eased closer to see how Amelia would react and she didn't move! 

"We would still be friends. Who said we had to stop because we had some fun together?" she said as she kept moving in and walking sexily. "I can tell you want me and it's okay. Relax and let it happen. You might like it." 

Michelle tried to uncross her legs but she wouldn't budge. 

Amelia's cheeks flushed. "Michelle, I've been running! I, um, need to shower!" 

"Oh, I like you just the way you are," Michelle said as she leaned towards Amelia with her hands running all over her legs. She glanced at her lips and back to her eyes. Amelia was smiling wide with nervousness but she didn't pull away when Michelle brought her lips closer to hers. 

Amelia said, "I don't think we sh..." 

Michelle cut her off with a kiss! Amelia gasped but didn't kiss her back at first. Michelle kissed her again and again and Amelia smooched her back! Michelle rested her hand on her neck and they shared a long, deep kiss that eventually had them purring together. 

They detached as their breaths escaped them. 

"What were you trying to say?" Michelle asked. 

"I don't remember..." Amelia said with a sigh. "Until I figure it out, can we do that again?" 

"You mean you really want to..." Michelle started to say but Amelia cupped her face and kept further words from escaping her with another blazing smooch. 

Jolts of powerful surges shot from Michelle's lips, sped throughout her, and she fell into the kiss while caressing Amelia's legs again. Amelia's legs uncrossed and even parted a little. 

Michelle kissed her slowly as to savor each kiss and to take in how wonderful she felt. She pressed her lips a little harder and tightened a grip on Amelia's hips. 

When they pulled away again, it was like steam was rising from their lips. 

"Ooh, that was amazing. You're such a great kisser," Amelia said as she spun Michelle so her back was to her. 

Michelle looked back to make eye contact. "So are you, mmm. We don't have to do this if you still don't want to." 

"You talk too much sometimes you know that?" Amelia said as she kissed her from behind her ear and over her neck while cupping her breasts and rubbing her nipples. 

Amelia let Michelle's hair down and ran her fingers through it. Michelle tossed her head back and she kissed her neck again, under her chin, and she stopped on her lips. They kissed again and Michelle's skin was sizzling. 

Amelia dragged her hand through the opening in Michelle's blouse, which brushed over her breasts. She kept going lower, over her tummy, and Michelle awaited her touch over her pussy, which she rubbed in circles through her pants. Michelle gasped and cried out. 

Michelle ran her hands over Amelia's legs and back up. They were firm and slick from perspiration but Amelia's sounds of joy indicated she must have liked it. 

Amelia found the last button on Michelle's blouse and loosened it followed by the next one up and the next until her tits covered by her bra came free. She felt a chill. Michelle wasn't believing this—she was about to have sex with Amelia! 

Amelia left kisses over her neck to her spine and lifted her blouse to kiss through the indention in her back while brushing over her love handles to hug her around the waist. Michelle was losing it, little by little, the more she touched her. 

Amelia pushed Michelle forward a bit as her touch stopped at the zipper on the back of her pants. 

She pulled the zipper low. Amelia kissed the skin above her panties and held it. She grasped her pants, pulled them down, and leaned back. 

After a few moments, Michelle figured she was checking her out. 

She could feel her lips brush her ear and she whispered, "You have a nice little ass." Amelia gave it a spank and a rough grope. 

Michelle said, "Mmm, yes, spank it." 

Amelia obliged and gave her another spank. "I have to have you now." 

Amelia pulled off Michelle's blouse and threw it on the floor. She unclasped her bra, tugged it off her shoulders, and dropped it to join her top. 

Michelle spun around and they kissed again. 

Amelia soon detached and kissed to her right breast and kissed over it, too, and approached her nipple, which was erect, surrounded by her light brown areola. She held it and flicked the tip of her moist tongue over it. Michelle drew a sharp breath and waited for more attention. 

Amelia flicked a few more times before licking it in a frenzy, twirling her tongue and then giving her nipple a little nibble and a harder bite, before sucking hard. 

Michelle said, "Ooohhh, yessss, like that, baby, yeesss..." 

Amelia kneaded her other breast while still sucking and pulled her lips away to make a smacking sound before taking it between her teeth gently and flicking it again. 

Amelia dragged her licker over to her other tit and fed it to herself. She clamped her lips onto its nipple and sucked and tugged on it as a hand dropped and grabbed her pussy. 

